Captured It was hard to stay calm. It must`ve been hours since I had woken up in that room and yet not a thing had changed. The metal of the chair I was strapped too was cold against my bare arms. The staps were painfully tight and bruises would certainly be left on your shoulders and wrists. Trying not to panic I just kept running it over again and again in your mind. I was captured by the First Order, by now General Organa knows that I’m missing. Rey, Finn, and Poe made it away safely. There is no guarantee I will be rescued. I am going to be torture. I must remain calm. I must’ve repeated it to myself a hundred times when the door behind me slid open. Booming footsteps moved into the room, then the door slid shut. “So you’re the rebel who knows where the plans are?” A mechanical voice asked I didn’t speak. I wanted to shut my eyes, to imagine it was all a dream, but didn’t dare to show any weakness. The man moved around the chair to face me. He was tall, looming over me in all black. Where I had expected a twisted and frightening face was instead a dark mask. I tried to hold my breathing even and my face calm. Here before me was the infamous Kylo Ren. “Are you going to tell me what I need to know or am I going to have to take it?” He asked, leaning in close to my face. I knew he was trying to intimidate me, and it was working. I relied on the force to keep myself from trembling. Being tied down at the mercy of the enemy was terrifying. When I was able to fight it was a different story, I had no fear in those moments. Now I was powerless though and I was fairly sure I was going to die. A part of me wished I had been cut down in battle rather than going like this. Another part of me desperately wanted to live past my twenties. “I can sense your fear.” His voice caused me to jump a little, which made him emit a wheezing sound I assumed was a chuckle. I pushed out with my mind, trying to call using the force to Rey, to General Organa, Luke, anyone. I couldn’t fight him with just my strength. I wanted so much to imagine I would be rescued, however unlikely it felt now. I wanted to think your friends were even now rallying the troops to leave and come get you. Then I felt it, he was forcing his way into my mind. It was the most invasive feeling I had ever experienced. When General Organa had trained with me it had not felt nearly this horrible, perhaps because she meant me no malice. I remembered back to that moment and tried to do what she had instructed, and using the force pushed him out of my head. “Ah, a force user.” He took a step back, though I couldn’t see his eyes I could feel them watching me, analyzing me. He then lifted away his helmet, to reveal dark curls around a pale face. Something about him felt oddly familiar, the strong nose and jaw, the dark deep eyes. The suddenly my mind flew back to an old memory. A picture on the General`s desk, herself, her husband the General Solo, and a teenage boy with dark hair and dark eyes. He was in your head again as you processed this. “Ah so not just a force-user but one of my mother`s little pets as well.” So this was what had been meant when I was told Ben Solo was missing, the son of the woman I admired so much stood before me now. I saw her in the way the edge of his lip twitched in frustration and his forehead creased slightly. It broke my heart to see her in this man. He placed a hand on my forehead, and all at once the pain in my head increased tenfold. It felt like my brain was being torn into pieces. I fought back as hard as I could, it made my whole body scream out in agony. Dark spots began to form in my vision, so I closed my eyes. I couldn’t let him get information out of me. Suddenly he stopped. I thought I heard him swear under his breath, and then I lost consciousness. Chapter 2 : A Meeting Notes: Chapters just about Kylo Ren will be few and far between, but this one is important. Once again this one`s short but bear with me guys. Kylo Ren sat waiting for General Hux in one of the Starkiller Base`s conference rooms. It was only a few minutes before the General arrived with an escort of Stormtroopers. “Have you gained the necessary information?” He asked with his usual grimace at the knight “She`s a force user and a rare case. I was unable to.” He didn’t sound angry as he usually would be at such a failure “What do you mean?” Hux seemed furious. “You called me here to tell me you`re useless?” “Sit General” he was obeyed by Hux, grudgingly “She has been trained in the force, in the Jedi ways. She is strong but I could have managed her. However, among some force users there is a certain arrangement of the mind that makes mind control impossible. As she fights against a presence in her mind the rest of her mind begins to break down.” Hux didn’t seem terribly invested in this explanation “How is that possible Ren?” “It is something often developed in force users who suffered abuse in their youth, though it is also genetic. It is rumored that my grandfather had this ability.” The mention of Vader made Hux roll his eyes “So?” He seemed entirely ready to leave “So, if I try to force information from her she will destroy her own mind. Effectively killing her and the information we need will die with her.” He took a long pause “So have the prisoner transferred to my personal rooms and guards placed at the door. I have another method to try.” Hux waved off two of the Stormtroopers to do Kylo Ren`s bidding. They exited quickly heading for the cell block. “So what exactly is your plan then?” He seemed to be lost “If I can lull her into a sense of security or trick her, I may be able to gain the information from her willingly. If not, it will be easier to look for safely when she is sleeping.” He didn’t wait for Hux to tell him what he thought of this plan, he simply walked out. He had work to do. Chapter 3 : An Agreement is Made Notes: Here`s where the real plot and full-length chapters begin I woke to find myself in an entirely different place from the one I last remembered. I felt warm and was laying on something soft. Opening my eyes revealed that I was on a bed, it was huge and covered with soft black quilts. One of them had been laid over me, beneath me were crisp linen sheets. I was in an expansive room. Across from me was a wall made entirely of windows, which looked out on a snowy forest. It was dark and three moons sat high in the sky, surrounded by stars. I could see the colored blur of ships moving in the distance. I sat up, relieved to find I was still in my ripped and bloodied clothes from earlier. Although my boots and socks were gone. Even if I were in a strange place and could die at any moment it was relieving to know I had not been physically violated. I stood up from the bed, and moved to the wall to the left of it. There was a set of sliding doors. Rather than opening up to an exit however they led to a closet. Upon seeing the garments, it held-all Black-I began to suspect I was in Kylo Ren`s room. I moved to the other wall. At the far end of it was a large grey door, pressing the pad to open it revealed it to be locked. My suspicion was that it was the exit I needed. There were two other doors on the wall, as well as some bookshelves. The second door slid open easily, revealing a large bathroom with a tub set into the floor and wall length mirrors. There was no denying I needed a bath, but I didn’t dare step into the room. The last door also opened, revealing an office. There were windows with curtains drawn over them as well as more shelves against the wall. In the middle of the room was a heavy oak desk stacked high with paperwork. I sighed, an office a bedroom and a bathroom, but no way to escape. I headed back to the other door to see if there might be a way to open it. As I fumbled with the keypad it slid open. I thought for a brief moment that I would be able to escape, and prepare myself to run for it. Before I can move though, Kylo Ren steps through. My only escape once again slides shut behind him. He steps past me and to the nightstand nearest the closet. I watch in silence as he removes his helmet and sets it down, then pulls off his cloak which he hangs in the closet. “Come over here please” His voice gives no hint of his intentions, but I do not move. How can he expect you to move to him willingly after he tried to forcefully take information from you? He sighs, “Close your eyes then, I’m going to change before I deal with you” I listen to him this time, if only because I have no wish to see him undress. I stand absolutely still and try not to consider the fact that this man is naked in the same vicinity as you. I have only been standing for a few moments when I feel his hand on my shoulder. My eyes fly open and I jump away. To my great relief he`s fully clothed, now in a pair of black pajama pants and a loose fitting tunic. It was an odd garment to sleep in. He laughed, and I realized the thought must have shown on my face “I`m not in the habit of sleeping in a shirt but I didn’t want to make you uncomfortable.” The comment didn’t sit well with me. He could torture you but he didn’t want to make you uncomfortable? “What am I doing here?” I managed to erase all fear and confusion from your voice “I have elected to keep you here as my guest.” He sat at the edge of the bed across from me “Why?” You were fairly sure he intended to kill you in your sleep “That’s no concern of yours.” He patted the bed beside him “Come here.” “No!” you didn’t want to be anywhere near him “Listen to me. If you do as I ask I can promise you safety. How does that sound?” He stared me down, and I had to do my best not to flinch away from his gaze “what are you talking about?” “No one will hurt you, you will remain here and be well cared for. If you accept my conditions and agree to be my guest. If not, you will be returned to your cell where you will likely die await a rescue party that is never coming. Make your choice.” He patted the seat next to him again, this time more firmly. I wanted to be brave enough to spit in his face and reject his proposal. I couldn’t bring myself to no matter how I thought about it. He was right, nobody was coming. They would have been here by now if a rescue party was coming for me. I swallowed my pride. I sat beside him, a bit farther away from his side than he had gestured to. I hoped he wouldn’t make me move any nearer. “Good, that’s a start.” He stood up and moved back to the closet. From the left side he produced a nightdress, it was black naturally. “I anticipated you would accept so I had some clean clothes brought for you.” “Thank you” it was a natural automatic response, sickening as it was to say it to an enemy. He opened the bathroom door and moved to a keypad on the wall. The tub began to fill with water and fill the bathroom with steam. He set the dress on the counter and then came back into the bedroom. “You should get cleaned up. The door locks, if you would feel more comfortable with it locked I won’t mind.” He waited until you nodded at him before going into the office. I wanted very much to be upset at myself for falling into the hands of the enemy, and now for giving in to him, However I decided that would need to wait until tomorrow. Besides, there was little point in beating myself up over events I couldn’t control anymore. What I could do was snoop around in the office, gain Ren`s trust, and try to formulate an escape plan. For now, I would enjoy the warmth of the bath and try to earn the trust of my captor. Chapter 4 : An Uncomfortable Evening Notes: There we go, the tension between them is starting to build a little bit. I stayed in the tub until the water had gone icy. I had no wish to leave and rejoin Kylo Ren but delaying for too long could make him grow suspicious. The air of the room felt fairly warm on my skin compared to the bathwater, so I took no haste in dressing. The nightdress was light and airy, made of a silky gauzy material. It felt unreasonably formal for sleepwear. The dress was loose fitting and long, brushing against the floor. It left my shoulders bear except for a thin strap on each side. Luckily the neckline was fairly modest. I already felt self-conscious enough around Kylo Ren without having to worry about a wardrobe malfunction. I combed through my hair, there wasn’t much I could do with it though. Since I had begun my physical training in the Jedi arts I had kept my hair cropped very short. At the moment it didn’t come below my jaw and was a sort of pixie cut. I couldn’t think of another reason to stall. I unlocked the bathroom door and stepped out into the bedroom. Kylo was there looking out the window. “I was beginning to think you`d drowned in there” He glanced back at me over his shoulder “I’m quite alive.” I immediately felt that it was too close to a joke and I shouldn’t have said it “I know, I was joking.” He rolled his eyes “I can feel you through the force, I would know if you were dead.” “How?” My curiosity got the better of me, I couldn’t feel others unless I was intentionally seeking them “It will just start to happen for you once you’ve trained in the force enough. Which I would gladly assist you with.” He gestured for me to come stand by him. I was hesitant but I obeyed. He brought a hand up to touch my face. I flinched away from the contact without thinking. “Relax.” He sounded as though he was scolding me “This is just an exercise, now close your eyes” I did as he asked, and steeled myself for his touch. He cupped my left cheek in his right hand. “Now, can you feel the warmth of my hand?” I nodded “Can you feel the force coming from within it?” I nodded again “Focus on that. Concentrate.” “Okay” He started to draw his hand away after a moment “Can you still feel the force in it?” “Yes” it was odd, to be able to feel it the same as if it was touching me as it moved farther away. “Good. That`s a good start.” He sounded pleased I dropped my concentration and opened my eyes. I could feel the slight glimmer of his presence in a way I usually only could with those I had known a long time. I could feel Rey and General Organa always and Poe and Finn only sometimes. “Now, its late. Though I’m sure you won’t love the idea” he paused as though considering word choice “We need to go to bed” I surely hoped I was mistaking the implications of his words “Go to bed?” He laughed at me “Go to bed to sleep, don’t flatter yourself I’m not asking to take you to bed.” I brushed off the snub involved and was relieved instead. He walked around to the side of the bed nearest the door. “Get in bed so I can turn out the lights.” He sounded commanding again, not softer like when he was teaching I went around to the other side of the bed and got in. Since it was such a large bed there was no reason for us to end up touching each other at all. It was still an intimate thing however, sharing a bed, and I wasn’t happy. I had doubled in much smaller beds with Rey and Poe but that was different. We had stayed up laughing with each other before drifting to sleep. When the lights were of and the curtains around the windows drawn I began to feel anxious. I couldn’t see well enough to tell where Kylo was, until I felt his weight on the edge of the bed. “Goodnight.” I jumped when he spoke and he chuckled to himself I wanted to fall asleep quickly. I had endured a lot in the past few days and I could have used the rest. Instead of slipping into peaceful slumber however I lay awake. There was so much strange tension filling up the bed. It seemed Kylo felt none of it, his breathing quickly evened out as he dropped off to sleep. I swore at myself for being the weak one. He managed to go about life as though I weren’t there at all, or weren’t a concern. I however couldn’t even manage to sleep with him next to me. I considered getting up and going to the window, but I didn’t want to risk tripping in the dark. Besides, if he woke and caught me slipping out of bed it would certainly be a problem. He would no doubt come to the conclusion that I was trying to escape. Which I did consider trying as well, but decided to wait until I had a plan. “relax” He apparently was not asleep as I had assumed, or wasn’t any longer. “I`m fine” I whispered back, hoping to come across as having given in to him “You aren’t, you`re freaking out. Its creating such a disturbance that it woke me up.” He shifted a bit on his side of the bed I rolled to face him out of habit and instantly regretted it. My eyes had adjusted to the dark and I could make him out laying there on his side. His curls were a mess flying out around his face. He looked entirely innocent like this. It was dangerous to see him like this, to allow myself to see him as a person and not just as my enemy. He smiled at me. I didn’t want it to be but it was rather reassuring. “I’m sorry I woke you up” It felt like the only thing I could say in that moment “Don’t be.” He smiled again “I’ll see you in the morning.” He closed him eyes again. This time I wasn’t awake long enough to know when he fell asleep. Chapter 5 : An Enjoyable Meal Notes: Here`s the real start of the romance! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) I felt warm and refreshed when I woke up the next morning. The blankets were pulled up to my chin, and a strong pair of arms were wrapped around my waist. It took me a moment to realize this was wrong. The feeling of arms around my waist and someone’s face resting against the back of my head weren’t new to me, I often woke up with Poe or Rey wrapped around me when we shared sleeping arrangements. However, I had reason to object to the man currently cradling me. I decided it was my best bet to sit still and hope he would roll away or wake up and leave. Trying to wriggle my way out of his grip would probably only make him hold me tighter in his sleep. Though it could also wake him in panic and trigger warrior’s reflexes. I preferred him like this, when he was warm and soft and asleep, anyways. Eventually though I felt his breathing change, now that it was faster it tickled the back of my neck. I tried to slide away from him only to be pulled back. “You were awake.” He murmured it against my ear in a conspiratorial tone “I was considering how to get away”” It was true enough but not exactly impolite He gave me enough room in his arms not to try and twist away. However, all my movement did was roll me over. We were now facing each other with my face against his shoulder. “Don’t lie, id know if you were really trying to get away” At this I gave a shove against his chest and he released me “I was trying to get away!” It came out snappier than I intended “You weren’t, you were comfortable and relaxed up until I pointed it out” He was smirking at me “I`m going to get dressed” I opened the closet in a huff and rifled through it looking for the other lady’s clothes “they’re on the far right” he still sounded too amused for my taste I didn’t answer, but went to the far right side of the closet. I selected a long pair of pants and a long sleeved tunic top with a belt. Of course these were all in black. I didn’t acknowledge him as I strode past him into the bathroom to dress. Once I had gotten ready and came back into the bedroom I was alone and the room was bright again. I cursed myself for allowing him to goad me into fighting so early in the morning. My training should have taught me how to stay calm. I wasn’t very well just going to sit and wait for Kylo to return, so I decided to pick up. First I made the bed, which didn’t take nearly as long as I had hoped. So I went through the clothes in the closet and separated then into the things I would wear and things that looked entirely too uncomfortable. By then the sun was high in the sky and it was probably near midday. I was in the process of deciding which shelf to snoop on first when Kylo Ren strode in, now wearing his mask. “Máiri” it startled me to hear him say my name. I hadn’t told it to him, but then again he had been in my head there’s no reason he wouldn’t know it. “Yes?” “Come here” he replied, I had a feeling that was going to be the way he started every encounter I obediently walked over to him, trying to pretend it didn’t bother me to do so. “Would you like to eat and then join me for training?” he looked down at me being that he was a good head taller than me “Certainly” It felt like one of those offers that wasn’t supposed to be refused. Besides, I’d rather train than sit here all day. He went to the closet and brought me a pair of tall black boots and thick socks. I put them on quickly not wanting to make him impatient. “Come on then” He turned and walked out of the room I followed him out, it felt amazing to step outside the confines of his rooms. This was ruined by the fact that I was still a captive on an enemy base, but still. He took my wrist in his hand to ensure I wouldn’t walk away from him before leading me down the hall. We didn’t have to walk very far before we walked into a room labeled “Officers` Kitchen” Were we not on First Order base the room would have made me think of an ordinary kitchen. There was a little culinary droid powered off in the corner, a counter with some appliances, cabinets with dishes, and a neat little table. Kylo didn’t turn on the droid nor did he cook himself, he got down a loaf of bread and some meats and cheeses. I was certainly not going to complain though it suited me just fine and I was quite hungry. He removed his mask and set plates for us on the table. We sat together at the table and ate in surprisingly companionable silence. It seemed the argument this morning was forgotten, I was relieved. Though I was still a little bothered by my own comfort in his presence. It was better than being constantly on edge I supposed but it felt inherently wrong to feel so safe. After I finished my bread and some cheese I was sitting quietly waiting for him to finish. “Would you like some fruit?” he gave me rather sincere smile “Sure” I couldn’t help but smile back Before he could move someone else walked in, a Stormtrooper “I’m sorry sir, General Hux sent me to get his lunch” he dropped his head as soon as he saw Kylo Ren “Just go about your business quickly” He took a sharp authoritarian tone with the trooper. It startled me to hear it, I had allowed myself to forget how frightening he could be. As soon as the trooper left his expression softened again. “So, fruit?” I nodded, not sure how to respond after his mood shift He reached out with one hand and a ripe pear floated across the room to him. He caught it and sliced off a piece. It was then that he floated it to me. I took it from the air with my fingers and took a bite. I wasn`t sure how to reply to his showing off so I smiled in return. He cut the remainder of it into slices which he floated across the table and onto my plate. When I reached for my next piece her quickly jerked it up and away from my hand “Hey! I was going to eat that!” I couldn’t help but laugh at him In response he pulled that piece to himself and took a bite “mm, delicious” The next time he tried to move one I started pulling on it with the force too, it slid back and forth in the air never quite reaching one of us. Finally, I decided to try something, I completely released it. He was still pulling on it so the fruit slammed into his cheek, and then fell into his lap. I giggled, and he frowned, which only made me laugh harder. After a moment his lip started to tremble, he could barely pretend to be annoyed in the situation. He burst out laughing too. Notes: I hope you guys enjoyed the scene with the pear, it was a play on the scene with Anakin and Padme in Attack of the Clones Chapter 6 : Training Session Notes: here we go, not too much romance in this one but definitely a growth in trust There was an entire training arena as well as meditation rooms located in the Star Killer base, much to my surprise. Kylo lead me into the center of the arena, where he sat down. I followed his example and took a seat across from him. “Alright, we`re going to work with the force again. I need you to push my hand away with the force.” He gave me a very serious look “Okay I think I can do that” I wasn’t too good with the force yet, General Organa and I were working together to improve our force abilities. Physical fighting was much more my strong suit. It started off fairly easy, he stretched his hand out and a pushed back against him. His hand was pushed away quite easily. Then he put more force into his movement, I focused a little harder but still managed to move his hand away. “Good, you’re doing well” He gave me a small smile “Shall I push a little farther?” I nodded, I worried speaking would ruin my concentration He leaned his whole body forward into his next motion, and I pushed against him hard. It slowed his movement a little but not by very much. I continued pushing but it didn’t have much effect. He kept leaning, his hand pressed to my face, I pushed against him but he was too strong for me. He leaned farther. We were nose to nose now. I was pushing at my limit, but it made no difference. Then all of a sudden it welled up inside me and exploded outwards. Kylo flew away from me and slid almost all the way across the room. The floor around me was dented in several spots and I felt slightly light headed. “Are you okay?” I tried to stand and move to him but couldn’t quite find my footing “I’m fine.” He took several large strides to me and caught me by the elbow. “You did very well, better than I expected” “I didn’t know I could do that with the force” I brought a hand to my head trying to make it stop spinning “You can now. You just needed to open yourself up to that much power. Though you’re likely going to feel weak for the rest of the day. Developing that much power all at once can be very draining.” He moved his arm to wrap more comfortable around my shoulders “Well, my heads not spinning anymore at least…” I looked up at him to find him trying not to laugh “Don’t laugh! I’m sure you had the same thing happen the first time!” “I developed my powers slow and steady over time, I’ve never experienced it. Though I have seen it before.” He did laugh now “Why don’t you have a seat now Máiri?” I nodded and he helped me back onto the ground “Thank you…” I trailed off, I wanted to call him by his name too but Kylo Ren was too sinister a name for friendly conversation “can I call you Ben?” I didn’t dare look at his face when I asked “Yes. Only in private” he caught my chin and scrutinized my face “If you call me that in front of anyone else I can promise you’ll regret it.” He looked very serious but I couldn’t help feeling that it was an empty threat. Perhaps it was because to me in this moment he was Ben Solo, not a Knight of Ren. “Okay, thank you Ben” I gave him a smile “Let`s go back to the rooms, can you walk?” He stood up and offered me a hand I stood on my own fine now. After taking a few experimental steps he relaxed, removing the hand that had been ready to catch me. He replaced his mask and led me from the arena. We walked in silence to the rooms, it felt wrong to try and converse in front of others. As soon as the doors were shut behind us he removed his mask again, placing it on his nightstand. I stood and waited for him to say something. “I’m going to go look over some things in the office. You may skim the books in here if you wish, or bathe. Whatever would suit you.” He turned to walk away before halting “Oh, and there`s a book of clothing that’s been left for you in the closet.” “A what?” “it’s a notebook with the clothing the seamstress droids know how to make, you can pick some things if you like. There are only a few outfits here for you after all.” “Okay, thank you” I smiled at him, he nodded back and went into the office. I wanted to think about it only as a kind gesture. It was a nice thought, to make sure I had clothes I felt comfortable in. Still it put me in an odd position, it was incredibly clear to me that I was going to be here for the rest of the foreseeable future. In the moments where he was Ben, where he made me feel safe and like an equal the idea of being here was fine. Once he had put on his mask or taken that tone again however I was sickened. I kept almost forgetting that he was my enemy. I opted to bathe before looking at the book of clothing. The bath was lovely, and the nightdress just as soft as last night. I selected for myself a few simple outfits similar to what I would usually wear. I cursed the lack of a color selection, knowing the outfits would be made in black. Then I put the book on the nightstand nearest the door. I opened the door to the office next, poking my head into the doorway “Ben, I’m going to sleep now if that’s alright?” I whispered so I wouldn’t disturb his concentration “Okay, sleep well” he looked up at me with a smile. I turned out the lights and slipped into the bed. I was asleep before my head hit the pillow. Chapter 7 : A Sign and a Beginning Notes: alright guys this is it this is the real plunge for them (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Listen to me, look at me” a cool female voice whispered to me I opened my eyes to find myself in a grassy field before a waterfall “there you are” floating just off the ground before me was a woman in dark blue, her long brown curls and her dress flowed outwards around her. “There is still good in him.” She smiled at me a sad smile and then was gone I woke up to find the other side of the bed still empty. It must be the middle of the night by now, yet the other side of the bed was cold and unslept in. I tried to push the woman in my dream out of my mind, instead of dwelling on it I went to find Ben. He was sitting on the floor of the office swearing in frustration. “Ben?” I whispered, trying to take a soothing tone He reached out his hand to me but didn’t turn to face me. I walked over to him and took his hand, allowing him to pull me to sit next to him. “Are you alright? It’s getting late?” I put a hand on his shoulder “I’m fine, I’ll be right there. I’m just frustrated” He didn’t turn his head to meet my eyes. When I didn’t get up he sighed and began to explain “I keep trying to talk to him, to my grandfather. Obi Wan and Yoda manifested to me once when I was young so I know he can. He just won’t, even my grandmother wont.” He sounded like he was either going to cry or hit something “Come to bed, you’ll feel better in the morning.” I wrapped an arm around his shoulder “Do you want me to come to bed?” he looked at me with just a hint of his smirk though his brows still creased with his annoyance I sighed. I did want him to. I didn’t want to want for him to but I couldn’t help that I did. “Yes.” I stood up and went back towards the bedroom, he would come if he wanted to and there was no way I could make him. I slid back into bed alone. He was still in the office; I wasn’t happy about it but I decided not to think about it. I would rather think about my dream. I knew I had seen the woman’s face before, perhaps in a picture? Suddenly I had an idea, I bolted out of the bed and hurried to the bookshelf, before I could lose the image of her face in my mind. I pulled down a copy of “Famous Ladies of the Galaxy” and flipped to the section on humans. I flipped by photo after photo until finally I found her. Padme Naberrie/Amidala: Former Queen and Senator of Naboo I read the paragraph on her as well as her birth and death dates. It took me a moment for her identity to click in my head. The eyes staring out of the page at me looked suspiciously like ones I knew so well, and her curls framed her face like someone else I knew. Upon checking her death date, I confirmed it, she died at just around the time General Organa and Master Skywalker were born, right at the start of the Imperial Period. The grandmother of the man in the room next to me who so desperately sought her and his grandfather had come to me. I replaced the book carefully on the shelf so Ben wouldn’t suspect anything. Then, I went to sit on the edge of the bed so I could think. She loved a man who destroyed the Jedi Order as well as the democracy her bio said she treasured. That must have been a difficult thing to do. He saved their son even at the cost of his own death though, or at least that was what General Organa had told me. So there was still good in him, like she said to me. Perhaps she meant Ben too? I knew there was good in him. I wanted to think I knew rather, because otherwise it meant he was manipulating me and I was falling for it. No, I couldn’t think like that. He must be good. His grandmother had come to me to find the good in him and to help him, that much I was sure of. I hadn’t had too much time to think on how to help when the study door opened. Ben strode in looking entirely more composed “I thought you’d be asleep?” he raised a brow “is anything the matter?” “I couldn’t sleep.” That wasn’t a lie, it was simple and truthful but didn’t give too much away He came to sit beside me on the bed. He was already in his pajamas; he must’ve changed while I was sleeping. “You’re on edge,” he didn’t ask, he told. I hated that he could read me so easily, especially since I couldn’t read him at all “Am I?” I tried to play it off as best I could with an offhand reply “Is it because of me?” He leaned forward a bit to look into my eyes “I’m sure I don’t know what you mean” “Come on now, you may be a bit naïve but you aren’t stupid” He smiled his little half smile “I think you assume too much” I dropped my eyes trying to free myself from his gaze. I wasn’t sure how to respond to what was happening, the air between us felt like it was crackling with electricity “I think you deny too much” he dropped his voice to a whisper “do I?” He leaned forward that last inch and his lips were on mine. I don’t know what part of me it was that responded to it but I was no longer entirely in control. Before I could think my fingers were tangling in his hair. He wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me against him. We broke only briefly for air with little gasps. I had lost all concept of time when he finally pulled away from me. His eyes were dark and deep and full of something, though I knew not quite what. It was like a silent promise looking at each other then. “we should sleep, its late” he folded back the blankets gesturing for me to slide into bed. I did as he asked. I felt as though my whole body was trembling slightly, though it wasn’t an entirely unpleasant feeling. “Don’t go back to the office” I reached for his hand before he could stand up “Ask me to stay?” he smirked at me again. I felt like I was being tested but at the moment I didn’t care “Please stay.” I looked up at him pleadingly. I didn’t know why I couldn’t bear to fall asleep without him now. I thought perhaps it was my dream, I didn’t think I could’ve felt these things if I didn’t know I was saving a good man trapped by the dark side. I wanted to think so at least. To imagine I hadn’t been feeling this earlier in the day. He slid into bed on the other side. I rolled to face him, he only looked at me for a moment before he opened his arms to me. I silenced the doubtfulness in the back of my mind and went to him. He was warm and soft. I dropped off to sleep almost immediately. Notes: Anakin and Padme are going to continue to manifest and push our characters along throughout the story Chapter 8 : The First Night Notes: alright guys theres a dirty scene in this so be warned if youre not up for that (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) I woke up alone in bed. The windows had been drawn, and the suns were once again high over the snowy planet. I had slept well into the afternoon. Looking at the nightstand, both the book of patterns and Ben`s mask were gone. He must have had to go do some work. It was easier not to think on what work he was doing and instead pretend he had a job other than working with the First Order. I got up and got dressed before making the bed again. There wasn’t very much for me to do, so I decided to go into the office. There was still a meditation matt on the floor from the night before. That seemed like as good of an idea as any for the moment. After I had fully relaxed I simply waited. It was at these times that the force or those who have joined the force impart the knowledge we need. I was surprised to hear a voice in front of me. “Open your eyes Máiri” I wondered how Ben had come in without my noticing, and opened my eyes. Before me was a force manifestation of none other than Anakin Skywalker. “Why will you come to me and not to Ben?” I realized once I said it that I was being rude but it was too late “He won’t let me. He doesn’t want to be berated by Obi Wan and Yoda so he will only allow Darth Vader to appear to him. As you can see I’m not exactly Darth Vader.” “I wish he would let you talk some sense into him.” “We all do. For now, that needs to be your job, I can try to help you but there’s a limit to how much I can interfere.” He smiled in that same way Leia did when rallying the troops “Thank you. What do I need to be doing right now?” “Exactly what you are doing. I cannot tell you what will come of it or it may not come to pass and then we will be truly doomed. I can offer you one hope however.” He stopped there though I waited for him to go on “that being?” “That I also cannot reveal, but I will be interceding on your behalf to the best of my ability. Trust in me.” Then as suddenly as he appeared, like his wife, he disappeared. It was not a moment too soon; Ben strode in just as Anakin’s presence fully abandoned the study. I decided to follow in what I implied to be a part of Anakin`s advice and simply did as my first instinct told me. I jumped to my feet and greeted Ben with a firm kiss on the mouth. He grinned at me. “I may have to make you wait for me more often” he teased “I slept most of the day I haven’t been waiting all that long” I wasn’t sure how late it was now but it couldn’t be long past nightfall “Have you eaten anything yet?” he rested his chin softly on the top of my head “No, I didn’t know there was food in here.” “There isn’t, here follow me.” He left the study and walked back into the bedroom, from there he went to the control pad by the door. He hit a button for service then one that read “kitchen staff”. He ordered a meal be brought to the room. “You can use this anytime I’m not here if you need something, okay?” he waited for me to nod before going on “Try not to abuse the privilege though we want your presence here to remain close to invisible.” “Of course.” I smiled at him, I couldn’t seem to do much other than smile at him We sat on the bed to wait for the food, and talk. “I’m sorry about last night” it was not the way I imagined Ben would break the silence “what are you talking about? There’s nothing to be sorry for, I mean, I kissed you back” I didn’t think or censor my thoughts before it all came flying out He laughed “I didn’t mean about that, although I’m glad you didn’t mind it. I meant being cranky before that.” His lip kept twitching at the corner as he tried to contain his amusement “everyone gets grouchy sometimes” I tried to sound reassuring He kissed my brow, then the door buzzed. He went to open it and let the droids in. There was a droid carrying a little folding table and chairs and a droid with a platter of food. They set up the table and chairs, set the food on it, and left. We settled into our seats to eat together. There was a bowl of fresh fruit, an interesting looking plate of meats, and a light soup. We ate in comfortable silence, with the occasional smile. Though partway through our meal I began to feel Ben bump his boot covered toes against my bare ones. I didn’t want to drop my soup in my lap when he bumped and started me so I folded my legs under me in my chair “I don’t think that’s very ladylike” he playfully chided “Hypocritical don’t you think? Last time I checked your manners needed polishing?” We laughed, and then continued our meal in silence. It did not take us too long to finish. Then I went to take a bath and Ben called for the droids to clean up. The last nightdress in the closet was much less modest than the previous two, it was cut closer to my figure. The material itself was luxurious but significantly thinner, I was fairly sure it left my nipples visible even with it being black. I had no other option at the moment so I was forced to accept it. Not that I was usually modest, but Ben`s gaze had a tendency to make me self-conscious all on its own much less when I was already physically vulnerable. I went out to find Ben sitting on the bed in his pajama bottoms, bare chested at the moment. We were evenly exposed then. With a little smile he opened his arms to me. I didn’t have to think twice before going to him and allowing him to pull me into his lap. His hands were gentle as they ran over my back, his lips were first on mine then on my neck. He kissed from my jaw down to my collarbone and back, smiling against my skin when I gasped. I relaxed into him and let him lay me back on the bed. He cupped my breasts in his hands and buried his face in them. I tangled my fingers in his hair and pulled him back into a kiss. Our clothes were removed rather quickly, and then we were skin on skin. He kissed and bit first at my nipples, then trailing down my stomach. When his lips found my clit I moaned his name. Then was on top of me again, waiting for my permission to move farther. I nodded, kissing him again. He thrust into me and I couldn’t help but arch against him. We made love for the first time, explored each other slow and sweet. Then once we had worn each other out he took me in his arms and we fell asleep. Notes: sorry if that scene fell short for some of you, I'm not in the practice of writing sex scenes Chapter 9 : Paternal Advice Notes: a chapter about Leia, its short but important to the plot Leia waited in the meditation room of the rebel base hoping desperately for guidance. Since Luke had disappeared and her son had abandoned her she had been able to speak with her father often. They had managed to build some of the bonds they never had a chance to form in life in this way. It was his counsel she needed now. “Leia, sweetheart.” Her father appeared, thankfully “I need to tell you something important.” “Thank the force, I need your guidance now more than ever.” “Listen to me, the girl you lost is alive.” “I know; I can feel her. I want to help Máiri really I do but I worry I’ll lose more men in a rescue that I can’t afford to part with.” It broke her heart to give up on her, especially since she had been training her to use the force. She had maternal feelings for the girl but she had to put being a general before that. “you need to get her. It can make all the difference in achieving the end result you want most.” Leia didn’t bother asking for clarification in that, there was no way he would tell her more. “Once you’ve done that you’ll understand what I’m telling you now,” he waited for her to nod “when two become three four must become two, only then can things be fixed.” “you know you’re beginning to remind me of Yoda” her father laughed at that before disappearing Leia knew what she needed to do, and just who she was sending to do it. Chapter 10 : An Escape is Made Notes: another short chapter, sorry guys I woke that morning with Bens head resting on my bare breast. He was half asleep, his breathing was that of a wakeful person but his eyes were closed and his body relaxed. Rather than speak I began to run my fingers through his curls. “good morning” he said it in a gentle whisper “Morning” He leaned up to capture my lips in another kiss. We both had morning breath and smelled like sweat from last night`s encounter but it made no difference. He found his way into me again and we were once again tangled up in each other. We spent the day like that, moving between sleep and lovemaking until I was sure we knew the other`s body as well as our own. We must have coupled ten times by the time night fell again. We didn’t dress or eat the entire day but spent it entirely absorbed in sex. I once again fell asleep in his embrace, feeling as though there was no world or war only the two of us and our bed. The next morning, I woke briefly as he slid out of bed pressing a kiss to my forehead “I’ll be busy all day, make sure you eat lunch, okay?” he whispered I didn’t speak I just smiled and blew a kiss before falling back asleep. When I woke again it was to being shaken. “Wake up quick! We need to leave!” I recognized her accent immediately, my eyes flew open and confirmed that Rey was standing before me. Behind her holding blasters and facing the door were Finn and Poe. I slipped out of the bed, ignoring Rey’s intake of breath at my nudity, and dressed as fast as I could manage. I slid on my boots and wrapped one of Bens cloaks around my shoulders. “I don’t have my lightsaber” I realized that was going to pose a problem Rey tossed me one “the General sent a spare for you. Come on” I followed my three friends from the room, for the first time not making the bed, and rushing down the hall. It was empty at the moment much to our luck, aside from the bodies of the guards at my door. We took three successive left turn before we encountered a group of Stormtroopers. With a shot from Finn and a slice each from Rey and myself they were gone. It was odd to suddenly strike down men I had been living among for I didn’t know how long, but they were enemies. We raced into the hangar and Poe went quickly into the Falcon to fire up the engines. Rey followed, readying to man the guns. Finn waited for me at the ramp, but I couldn’t help feeling hesitancy. Ben appeared in the other door to the hanger, no not Ben, Kylo Ren. I couldn’t deny a piece of me wanted to stay behind, or to run to him. For just a moment we watched one another, before I raced onto the ship with Finn close behind me. I had to let go of my idealism, I lived in a real world in the middle of a war. My time in a bubble where only Ben and I and our love existed was over. I went to sit in the copilot’s seat beside Poe, hoping he would fly in silence. We got out of range of the base without so much as a scuffle. It would have been easier if we had fought our way out and blown up a few Tie Fighters, then I would feel like a part of the Resistance again. Instead I had to live with the knowledge that he had let me leave. After we were safely away Poe flipped us over to autopilot and we all went to congregate in the center of the Falcon. “Are you okay? we were all really worried about you” Rey was the first to speak “I’m fine” I gave her the best smile I could muster “Rey and the General insisted they knew you were alive, but the rest of us had started to doubt. I mean you were there a long time” Finn spoke next “wait, how long was I gone?” I suddenly realized I had lost track of time, how long I had been in a cell, unconscious, or with Ben. “three weeks give or take” Poe answered for him this time. “I know what it’s like being captured like that. I’m really glad to see you in one piece.” He squeezed my elbow affectionately Finn pulled the two of us into a hug, Rey quickly joined in. I hadn’t expected my day to turn out like this, but it wasn’t a bad ending. Chapter 11 : Happy Days Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) General Organa welcomed the three of us home with maternal tenderness. We each got a hug even before the full company of our troops. “I am so glad to see you again Máiri” she had said to me, before sending me off to get cleaned up. It felt good to wear beige again, and to share a room with Rey. Poe and Finn were right across the hall from us and were usually in our room too. A number of weeks passed as if I had never been away at all. We all trained during the day, ate dinner together, and then returned to Rey and I`s room. Some nights Finn and Poe would go back to their room to sleep, others they fell asleep on our bottom bunk and Rey and I would squeeze together in the top bunk. Some night Rey and Finn would play card games until late and Poe and I would pass out on the top bunk together. Still other night Rey and Poe would discuss the finer details of aircraft mechanics until Finn and I fell asleep from boredom. I had been back for nearly three months when the dreams began “Máiri, you need to come to me” Padme appeared to me this time on a white marble balcony overlooking a lake Her blue dress was swelling with her heavily pregnant belly and she reached out her hand to me That dream was not so odd, no I could brush it off. They would only intensify until I could no longer ignore them Anakin stepped around a column, Padme ran to him and he spun her. “Ani, I’m pregnant” she said He smiled at her “this is the happiest day of my life” I refused to acknowledge the themes of the dreams. It was impossible. “Máiri, listen to me” I watched her, she stood at the edge of a clear blue lake. “Do not do as I did.” She reached out her hand to me, the other resting on her belly “You will not die. Be a mother.” I wanted to shake my head but I couldn’t “Have your baby on Naboo.” I woke with a start, coated in sweat. “Máiri. The General wants you as soon as you’re able” Rey was standing in the doorway waiting for me. I was glad for any excuse to ignore my dream, and dressed as fast as I could. Rey led me down the familiar halls that led to General Organa`s meditation room. I went in to find the General seated on a matt, she patted the floor beside her. “I need to ask you something very important.” She had a much more serious tone than I wanted to hear in that moment. I knew then what she was going to ask, but I still waited for her to say it. “My mother came to me in a dream Máiri,” she took my hand “she told me that…” she seemed to be at a loss for words in this moment I didn’t want to watch her struggle to speak anymore “It’s true” Her face twisted under the weight of many emotions at once. She seemed sad yet there was joy present as well as fear. “she told me to go to Naboo” “She told me to send you there,” she gripped my hand a little more firmly “I’m sorry my son did this to you” It struck me suddenly what she must think, what the whole of the Resistance must think “no! he didn’t, it wasn’t like that” Her face softened slightly “I’m glad of that at least” The energy of the room shifted and then Anakin Skywalker was once again before us “two are becoming three,” he said to the General, and then to me “congratulations.” General Organa nodded knowing something I did not “so what do I do now father?” “send the girl to Naboo, arrange for her to stay at the lake retreat where your mother and I married, and where she is buried. With her you will send my ashes, to be placed in your mother`s tomb beside her.” Neither of us had time to process or reply before he was gone. “It looks like the decision is made then, I will speak to the Queen of Naboo this afternoon and you will leave in the morning.” She smiled at me with that determination I aspired so much to have and then signaled to me that I could go. The next morning, I found myself once again among friends on the Millennium Falcon. Finn and Poe were mystified and a bit horrified to learn of my pregnancy. Their discomfort cooled after several reassurances as to the consensual nature of my child`s conception. Rey on the other hand was much more excited about my condition, though she refused to discuss my child’s paternity. We passed the short flight to the lake planet of Naboo by discussing the future. The three of them were being sent to find a missing droid containing information the enemy should not be able to get their hands on. I was going to become a mother. All too soon however the flight was over, and I arrived at what would be my home for the next several months. The current Queen of Naboo was a friend of General Organa`s so I was to be well cared for here until after my child was born. The retreat was really a small palace and was run by a large staff made up entirely of droids. It was beautiful, and I was lucky to be there, I simply wished I were not there alone. Notes: stay tuned for the sequel, in which Ben and Máiri may actually fix things. feel free to comment any opinions id love to hear them. Chapter 12 : Sequel The sequel is posted guys, its called "In the Arms of the Enemy" Hope you`ll all read it! Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Loving the Enemy series Next Work →