My thoughts have been overwhelming me, as usual, but these thoughts...these were different, these ones were of leaving, of getting away from Kylo, away from the First Order, finding our mother and father; I, of course, haven't told him these thoughts, he'd surely scream and yell at me or worse if he knew. I needed to get out, if I stayed any longer, I'd die, not by any of the storm troopers or even Kylo, but by my own hand and I wouldn't ever want to go like that but sometimes he drives me to hurt myself and I hate him for that, each scar against my skin reminds me of the god awful brother I have. But today...today seemed to have complied with my thoughts; Kylo had captured a Resistance pilot, they were surely my ticket out of this hell hole and away from Kylo. - "Leo, I need you to watch over the prisoner, try to get him to talk, I need to speak with the Supreme Leader." He ordered then briskly walked out of the room. I bit my lip in pre-excitement but washed away the emotion as I grabbed my lightsaber, placing it in its holster and putting my black cloak on over my somewhat broad shoulders; Kylo had insisted on us get matching attire, to 'equalize our intimidation', sometimes I laughed at him and that was the reason why; deep inside him there was still light, still my twin brother, Ben. I strode down the halls, my boots sounding as if they were slamming against the black tile beneath me. I made my way to where the pilot was being held. I felt my heartbeat start to quicken as I walked into the room. "Kylo needs the prisoner." One of the storm troopers told the other, which made me confused. I waited until the other storm trooper had left his post and the other one was alone with the prisoner. "What do you think you're doing?" I asked. "Oh! Uh...Leo, I was just um...bringing the prisoner to Kylo." I recognized this trooper, I don't know how I did but I did. "Are you FN-2187?" "Y-yes, ma'am." He replied. "Kylo was telling me about you earlier, you didn't shoot anyone in the village, why?" I walked closer to him, trying to seem less intimidating. "I-I don't know, I just didn't want to kill." This was perfect, we could all escape together. I couldn't help but keep the little grin at the corner of my lips from escaping. "Are-are you gonna say something?" He asked. "I'll help you guys escape, as long as I get to come with." I stated. He had the most surprised look on his face. "I know how you feel." I said, bringing my hand to the troopers plated shoulder. "Okay, um, can I get out of these restraints, please." The pilot said. "Oh, sorry." He said and released him. I looked over and saw the pilot, he was quite handsome, his curly black hair, dark chocolate eyes, I felt my heart skip a couple beats as he stood up. "So you're Kylo's sis, huh? You're definitely cuter than him." He said with a devilish grin. I furrowed my eyebrows and cocked my head a little. "Um sibling and from how you saw him, that's not saying much." I saw him catch his mistake as soon as I said it. "I...guess you're right." "Can we please get the hell out of here before someone catches us, please." The trooper told us. We made it to one of the TIE fighters without grabbing anyone's attention. "Man, I've always wanted to fly one of these." The pilot announced as the trooper and I got situated in the small aircraft. We took off but the fighter was still connected. "I can fix this." He announced. The pilot had told FN how to shoot, I couldn't do anything at the moment, all I could do was sit back and watch, which I hated. After the trooper had fended off our fighter after a short amount of time the pilot had released the TIE fighter and we shot out of the base. "Man, this thing can go. Hey, what's your name, trooper?" The pilot asked. "FN-2187." "What?" "That's the only name they ever gave me." "Well, I ain't using it. FN, huh? I'mma call you Finn, alright." "Finn, I like it. What's yours?" "Poe Dameron, it's nice to meet you Finn and Leo, right?" He asked, side eyeing me as Finn shot down other TIE fighters that were chasing us. "Yeah." I said, my voice sounding a little small. What the hell is wrong with me, I'm never like this around men, I always keep my ground and my head, this was weird, even for me. - We had gotten away from all the fighters but soon after that they sent out missiles after us. I heard Poe tell Finn that we were going back to Jakku; honestly, I hated that place, it was just miles and miles of sand, and even if you get to a town it's a crap heap. I sort of ignored their argument, I seemed to be good at that now, since that's all Kylo ever did was argue. I felt a huge hitch and grabbed ahold of my seat holster. We had gotten hit by a missile in the middle of the boys argument and were heading for a crash landing. I started panicking so much that before we even got into the atmosphere then everything went black. -- I woke up, gasping for air; I looked around to see where I was but all I could see above me was Poe. "You awake, finally?" I looked around and saw that he was carrying me; his right arm underneath my back and his left in between where my knees bent; we were in the middle of the desert and Finn wasn't anywhere in sight. "Can you let me down?" I asked him. "Well, can I have a 'thank you Poe for being so strong and carrying me all this way'?" He inquired as he still kept me in his arms. "Not a chance." I tried to push on his chest but his grip was too strong on me; I honestly hated using The Force on people but I might have to if he doesn't let go of me soon. "Poe don't force me to do this." I said, hoping he'd catch the really bad joke I just implied. "That's a groaner." He laughed and put me down this time. I saw how bloody and battered he was. "Well, you let me down." "Eh, getting kinda tired." He told me. I saw his shoulder blade was bleeding. "Poe, your shoulder." I pointed out. "Oh, that's nothing...I'm fine." He tried to look at it and ended up reaching over and touching it, he winced once his fingers met the open flesh. "I can fix that up." I offered. Poe stopped in his tracks, turning to me. "That'd be cool...let's go find some shade, though...I'm dying over here and you don't look to good yourself in all that black." I nodded in agreement, noticing I was missing my cloak. We walked around until we wandered down into a valley, luckily we found an overhanging cliff, giving off a ton of shade. Poe excitedly pointed it out to me, with a smile spread across his face, it made my stomach flutter as his chestnut eyes met mine. We made it under the shade and felt the immediate difference of temperature, there was a small pond of water near the side of valley and he rushed to it, falling on his knees as he cupped his hands in the water, bringing it to his face quickly. I strolled over to him, feeling my mouth go dry at the sight of the water. I kneeled next to him and cupped my hands as he did and brought the water to mouth, feeling it quench my long awaited thirst; I saw Poe suddenly dunk his head in the water and surface, shaking his wet, jet black hair, droplets hitting me in the face, I flinched as they hit me. I giggled a little as he wiped the water from his face, giving me another goosebump worthy smile. "You want me to patch you up now?" I asked. He nodded and shoved his shirt off over his head. My breath seemed to hitch in my throat, I'd never seen a guy shirtless before. I felt something pulling me to just press my palm against his tan chest but I refused. He turned around on his knees, showing me the seemingly worsening wound. I put my hand on his back and saw goosebumps rise on his skin, I bit my lip, concealing a smile as I noticed the change. I looked over and dunked my hand in the fresh water, bringing it up to his torn skin, wetting it so it wouldn't get infected, hopefully. I grabbed a piece of my clothing at the bottom of my thighs, tearing it off enough so that it could go around Poe's shoulder. I wrapped it around his back and chest, covering the wound completely. "That didn't take as long as I thought." He said, putting his shirt back on; damn. He shuffled back around to face me. "Thanks Leo." "Call me Abby." "Is-is that your real name?" He asked. I nodded, "Kylo's real name is Ben, he made me change mine." Poe just nodded. There was a bit of awkward silence between us. "Your lip's bleeding." He said, reaching out and placing his thumb on the small wound, making me shudder against his touch. I looked up at him as his fingers ran under my chin and his thumb travelled to my jawline. I stood up a little on my knees to look him right in the eye. He pulled me into him, my lips crashing against his then pulling me back. "We shouldn't..." I trailed off but pulled him into a fiercer kiss, melting into each other. I felt Poe's hand travel to my hair, entangling his fingers in the short blonde mess. I felt him suck the breath right out of my lungs but I kept at it, trying not to show that this was my first kiss. We eventually pulled away from each other, taking in long, deep breaths. "We-we should get going." He said. I just nodded. - The rest of the way to finding a town Poe talked to me like crazy, seeming like he wanted to know everything there was to know about me, it was very flattering to say the least. We eventually made it to a town after at least five more miles of walking. We went into a small bar/tavern, I was sort of weirded out by all the outlandish characters in the place. "I'm gonna try to find a phone, get a booth or something, please." Poe told me, touching the small of my back as he walked along. I nodded and made my way, awkwardly towards a free booth; I got lots of weird looks from people or whatever they were. I sat with my fingers in my lap, trying to find Poe in the crowd. I kept just looking off into the booth, trying not to make eye contact with anyone. Poe eventually came back, sliding into the booth with me. "They'll be here in no time." Was all he said. "Who?" I said, sounding a little clueless. "The Resistance, the general herself is coming because I told them you were with me." I just nodded, feeling a rush of anxiety flow through me at the thought of seeing mom again, like this. "Something wrong?" Poe asked. "Nothing." Chapter 2 I was very timid to go towards the ship, seeing my mother emerge from it. "It's alright." Poe said, calmly, offering me his hand. I took it in mine, hoping he didn't notice how sweaty they were. We got to the ship, my mothers expression neutral as she saw me behind Poe. "I'll take her from here Dameron, go to the infirmary, get yourself fixed up." She said. He nodded, letting go of my hand, his touch lingering against my palm. Once he left, the doors to the ship closed and we took off. We just stood there in an awkward silence, looking at each other until she wrapped her arms around me, surprising me to say the least. "I've missed you." She said. I cautiously returned the embrace, feeling slightly awkward. She pulled away, keeping her hands planted on my shoulders. "Why'd you run away from him?" I was taken back by the question but felt obligated to answer. I looked away as she waited for my explanation. "I-I couldn't take it anymore, all of what Ben was doing, all of what he stood for...all of it. I put up with it for so many years, I couldn't take it." I felt tears well up in my eyes, I blinked them back. "At least you got away before anything got worse, I've missed my daughter." I cringed a little at what she called me. She seemed to notice my discomfort. "What's wrong?" I didn't want to tell her directly so I decided a subtle explanation would work. "I don't-I don't go by that anymore." I said, hoping she'd get what I was hinting at even though it was quite vague. She seemed to get it, "I see, Abby." She gave me a warm smile. "I have to return to my duties soon; go to the infirmary and get those gashes cleaned up." I nodded. I made my way to the infirmary, seeing Poe being taken care of, he gave me a one sided smirk. "Oh dear, let me clean up those awful looking cuts." A nurse took me by the hand and lead me over to an examination table, I giggled at her enthusiasm. I sat on the table, letting her clean my wounds. "These were close to getting infected, you got here just in time." She commented. She got me all patched up by the time we got to the base. My mother had told Poe to escort me to my quarters for the time being. "General Organa told me that you can change into these clothes...I'll see you in a bit, I need to get back to work..." He trailed, rubbing the back of his neck. "Okay, I'll make myself at home." I smiled. He leaned against the frame of the door, crossing his arms over his chest. I could see something was bugging him. "What-what was that down in the valley?" He asked. "What?" "You know..." He trailed. I knew exactly what he was talking about and really wanted to avoid this conversation as long as I possibly could but it seemed inevitable at this point. "What do you think it was?" I asked, softly. "I-I don't know, maybe a mistake..." I felt like I was smacked in the face by the last few words he uttered. "W-why was it a mistake?" I inquired, my words trembling. "It's just...you're Sith and the General's kid, I-I'm sorry..." He turned around and left. I got up to go after him but he was already gone. - Hours had past and I couldn't find Poe anywhere. I felt my heart sink even lower than it had; I'm so fucking stupid, to think for one second that a man could be the way he was to me was foolish. I felt tears start to well up in my eyes as I wandered the halls aimlessly until I bumped into someone. "I've been looking everywhere for you." I heard my mothers voice coo. I didn't want her to notice my yearly eyes so I didn't keep good eye contact. "What's wrong?" She asked, tenderly grabbing my chin, forcing me to look her way. A single tear rolled down my cheek as I tried to blink them back. "It's nothing." I said, jerking away from her touch. "It's something...was it Dameron?" She asked. I sniffled a little, "H-how did you know?" "I'm your mother, I know everything...so what happened." I dried my tears with my sleeve and sat down on a nearby bench with her. I took a deep, shaky breath before beginning. "When we were going through the desert we found this valley and we went down to it, I sort of patched up some of Poe's wounds, then he kissed me...he just sort of talked to me about it and ran off before we could finish..." I explained. "What made you cry, though." I really didn't want to tell her this part, I could just feel that it'll upset her. "Well...he-he said it was a mistake." I told her, hesitantly. "Uh huh." She nodded her head. "Don't say anything to him, please." She seemed to contemplate it for a second then nodded in agreement. I gave her a warm smile and hugged her. I heard what sounded like running footsteps towards us down the hall. "General Organa, they found BB-8." One of the pilots informed her. "I'll be there right away, just give me a second." She nodded and fast-walked back to the control room. "Abby, some lifelong advice, if a man feels strongly towards you, he'll come back to you, in one way or another but don't spend all your time waiting for him to return." She said, standing up and pressing a kiss against my forehead. I nodded and still sat there as she walked away. She's right, I can't mope around over some guy; fuck, who am I kidding, Poe isn't just 'some guy', I know that sounds cheesy as hell but it's true... - I went back to my quarters and just fell face first onto my bed. I heard my door slide open and saw mom standing in the threshold. "Abby get up, you're coming with me." She said. "What? Where?" I turned over and sat on the edge of my bed. "We're going to get the droid that's been missing, I want you to join me." I didn't see why not so I followed her, she lead me out to where all the X-Wing fighters were. Oh god, I hope I don't see Poe. I placed my finger in my mouth and chewed on my nail nervously as we made our way to our ship. And I of course jinxed myself, I saw Poe suiting up in his fighter pilot gear; he must've felt my eyes on him because he looked right back at me, our eyes locked, seemingly inseparable for a split second. I felt my stomach do several somersaults; oh god, I'm gonna puke or die, the second one was more preferable for this particular instance. But mother ushered me on, Poe and I losing eye contact within the crowd of people that I was passing. The look in his eyes when he saw me, he definitely wanted to say something to me but he looked as if he was too scared. I shrugged off the thoughts as we boarded our ships. "Abby this is C-3PO, a very good friend and droid." My mother introduced me to a human like gold droid. "Ah, miss Abby, miss Leia has been telling me so much about you." "It's nice to meet you." I said, nodding a little. "Likewise." - The whole ride, the whole damn ride I thought about him; this was torture, I needed to talk to him and soon. We had landed on a very green planet that took my breath away as I saw the trees and gigantic hills. The doors opened and mother told me to stay put as she exited. I didn't know why I couldn't get off until she called my name. I saw him, I hadn't seen for I don't now how many years. "Dad..." I trailed off as I stepped off the ship. "Yeah kiddo, it's me." He said, giving me a smirk. I ran up and hugged him, slinging my arms around his shoulders. "I missed yah." I heard the strangely familiar sound of a Wookie beside him. "Chewie?!" I yelled. He just affectionately groaned and hugged me as I let go of dad. I felt so many memories come back; I remembered that both me and Kylo used to fall asleep on Chewie together when nights in bed were just uncomfortable. I felt tears start to pool in my eyes as I thought back to when Kylo and I were just kids. I blinked them back, pushing those memories far away from me. I thankfully got distracted by seeing someone else I knew. "Finn!" I yelled as he walked up to us. "Leo!" He said happily as we collided in a hug. "You're alive! And so is Poe, I just saw him fly by." "Yeah..." I said, trying not to think about him. We started walking back to the ship, "Hey, Finn; call me Abby." I said. He nodded with a soft smile. - We got back to base and as soon as we got off Finn was looking for Poe. I sort of walked after him, seeing how Poe would react once he saw him. I saw how excited they were to see each other and just watched them interact, I was sort of smiling to myself at them. I decided to approach Poe when Finn left. I waited a little bit and then he did, I made my way towards him, feeling my palms start to sweat and my heart start to beat out of my chest. "Poe!" I called out before I fully got up to him. He turned and looked at me with the same look as before. "Can we talk, please and I mean really talk." "Yeah, I have a couple things I've been wanting to get off my chest since I sort of said what I said." He didn't seem to want to discuss this out in front of everyone so he took my hand and lead me to the courtyard where we couldn't be bothered. We both sat down on a bench, Poe abruptly turned to me, causing me to flinch a little. "Sorry." He apologized, noticing my reaction to his fast movement. "It's fine." He sighed, "I need to ask you a few things before I tell you what I want to tell you." I nodded, playing with my fingers in my lap nervously. "I don't-I don't get what you meant by saying sibling when I said sister back when we were escaping from the Starkiller...are you not a girl or something." I bit my lip in embarrassment; the only person I've ever told this straight up to is Kylo and he was the most understanding...I really hope Poe is. "I-I don't feel like I'm a girl or a boy, I feel like I'm not any gender." I told him, my voice getting quieter with each word. I noticed that I started rubbing the skin on my hand raw and tears start to form in my eyes from the lack of Poe answering. "Really? Huh, I just thought you were either adopted or an alien or something." I giggled at him, blinking my tears back and wiping my eyes. He started laughing too. "So it's not a big deal?" I asked. "No, not at all." He grasped my hand, giving me a comforting smile. "My other question is...what are we?" I bit the inside of my lip, thinking of what he said to me earlier. "I think you already established that." I said, yanking my hand away from him. "Abby, come on, I was scared and confused...I thought you'd reject me." "What?" I asked. "I didn't want you to reject me...I know that's the oldest excuse ever but I did and I sort of rejected you and I'm sorry for that...I feel like a complete ass." I was sort of speechless until I heard someone walk up behind us. "Um, Poe we need you in the control room." One of the other pilots informed him. "Okay, just give me a second." He said. The pilot nodded and went on his way. "I want this to be something, okay..." He grabbed my hand again, squeezing it softly. I nodded, "Come to the control room with me, this involves you too, you and Finn know more than anyone about the Starkiller Base." We went to the control room, Finn explained to everyone how they could destroy the base and get Rey back; I was appointed to go with Finn, my dad, and Chewie. Chapter 3 -14 years ago- "Ben come on, it's really cool." I tugged at my brothers sleeve as we made our way home after a long day of Jedi training. It was Ben and mines fifteenth birthday today and I had found this really cool cave with a waterfall inside it. "Where're you taking me Abby?" He groaned, he's been so irritable lately and I wanted him to be happy and have fun on our birthday. "It's cool, I promise." I smiled back at him, grabbing ahold of his hand as we traveled down a trail that lead to the cave. We made our way down the trail without any struggle, Ben not complaining as much as I thought he would. "Do I have to close my eyes?" He asked, jokingly. "No." I said, shoving his shoulder as we walked down the trail even more, getting closer to our destination. We got to the cave and I awaited to see his reaction to it. I turned to him as we entered, seeing the waterfall and the almost clear blue pond within it. I saw his eyes light up and a small smile creep onto his lips. "Wow...how'd you find this place?" He asked. "I was wandering around one day and just found it, I thought you'd like it." "I do, I've been having a shitty week and this made it a little better, thank you." He grabbed the back of my head and brought me into a hug, wrapping his other arm around my shoulders. I locked my arms around him, enjoying this embrace with him. We hadn't hugged like this in I don't know how long. We let go but Ben kept his arm around my shoulder, he leaned down and pressed his lips to the top of my head. We both sat down near the pond, Ben placing his arm around my shoulder once more, I leaned into him. I loved spending time with him when he was in a good mood, he seemed to be very distant towards me the past week or two but right now my brother was seemingly back to his normal self. "Hey, I need to tell you something." He turned to me, letting go of my shoulder. I looked up at him, paying him my attention. "I-I've been feeling a pull, Abby...towards-towards the dark side, it's been hurting me...I wanna leave, finish our grandfathers work." He grabbed ahold of my shoulders, his expression completely sincere. I was worried this is what was going to happen, I had a feeling deep in my gut that he'd do something like this but I ignored it, thinking it was just fooling me like usual. "Abby, come with me, we can finish his work...together, as siblings, as our only family...fuck everyone else, fuck them...come with me." I didn't know what to do, this was sudden and didn't seem right...at all. I love Ben but this...this was wrong; I felt pressured and rushed with this. "...please." He said, grabbing both of my hands in his. I couldn't let Ben do this by himself, I just couldn't, he's my brother, my twin, a bond we can never break...I loved him more than anything. "Yes." I said, quietly. Ben's face glowed as I uttered the words, he pulled me into another hug. "I couldn't do this without you, you're the older one after all." "By five minutes." I said, already trying to forget my decision but I knew I could never forget it. --Present-- We had gotten to the base, I could feel Kylo was nearby, it made goosebumps run up my skin knowing he probably sensed me too. I seemed to be blocking out everything anyone was saying as we approached the back of the base. I felt Chewie nudge me as we started to moved along; I seemed so out of it and I had the slightest idea why. Finn opened the entrance to the base and Chewie immediately shot a storm trooper. I turned my attention to the right wing of the base, feeling that he was there, I kept these things to myself though...out of habit I suppose. Finn and I lead the way as we found Captain Phasma, having her shut down the shield surrounding the base. I stood guard at the door the whole time, feeling his presence move closer, I hoped that my senses were fooling me. Dad seemed to notice something was wrong. "What's the matter?" He asked as we moved along in the oh so familiar hallways, looking for Rey. "I can feel that he's near...Ben, he's close." Dad just nodded as we made our way around a corner, running right into someone; it was Rey. "Finn, Han, what're you doing here and who's this?" She asked, looking at me. "This is Abby, Han's kid...and Kylo's twin." Finn explained. "Nice to finally meet you, it was Finn's idea to come get you." I said. She looked at Finn and abruptly wrapped her arms around his neck. "Okay, now let's get outta here." Finn said. We got to the outside once more, trying to make our way back to the Falcon. I felt something pulling me back to the base, a feeling that the pilots couldn't destroy it without assistance. "We can't go." I said, stopping dead in my tracks. "Why?" "They need help." I said, pointing up at the X-Wing's that zoomed by. "Well, we got some bombs, let's use em'." Dad said, I smiled as we started heading back. I stayed with Rey and Finn, my dad telling me it was too dangerous to go with him. All three of us found another entrance but it just seemed to be an overlook. That's when I saw him, Kylo, walking down a catwalk like bridge. Dad had surely seen him too, "Ben!" I heard dad yell. My heart started racing in fear for him as he walked closer to my brother. They started talking but we were too far away from them to hear, I couldn't barely hear anything as is with my heart beating out of my chest. We stood there for what seemed like forever until I heard Kylo drop his helmet. My doubt seemed to almost vanish except for a small piece in the back of my mind. I saw Kylo hand something over to dad, it looked like his lightsaber, I stepped forward and grabbed onto the railing, hoping to get a better look. The room seemed to grow darker, we all turned to see the sun was almost completely gone. I immediately turned my attention back to my father and brother. My heart seemed to stop beating and my breath got caught in my throat at the display in front of me; my brother, shoving his lightsaber into our fathers chest. "Ben! No!" I cried, I felt my knees go weak and I dropped, barely gripping the railing. I saw Chewie shoot Kylo in the stomach and him double over, he immediately looked up at us. I felt someone grab my bicep and pull me to my feet and outside; it was Rey. I dried my tears as soon as we ran into the forest, Rey kept a grip on my wrist as we ran. We kept looking back to see if anyone was following us until I heard the very familiar sound of my brothers lightsaber. We all stopped cold, standing in front of him. He stared at me with eyes that could kill; I knew he'd never hurt me, he has too much light in him. He directed his attention toward Finn now, "Traitor!" He yelled. We all stood just there, I saw that there was blood on the ground near his feet. He looked towards Rey now, he didn't say anything but he was just staring dagger at her. He suddenly threw her against a tree, and before Finn could react, he did the same to him but seemingly harder. "Now it's just us, Abby." He twirled his lightsaber around as I grabbed mine. I turned it on, it glowed the same red as my brothers but was more of a replica to our grandfathers. "I don't want to do this, Ben." I said as we walked around each other. "You promised me!" He yelled. "What?" "You promised me, when we were fifteen you promised you would help me but as soon as I turn my back, you betray me!" He swung his lightsaber at me, making me jump back as it hit the snow. "I didn't promise you shit, I said yes, that was all!" I yelled as we walked deeper into the woods, the snow falling harder. "You're my sibling, you're supposed to stick with me through everything, you're supposed to-" "Kylo, what you're doing is wrong and I know you know it, deep down, you're still my brother, you're still Ben." I lowered my lightsaber and stopped. He just shook his head, "Don't fucking call me that!" He screamed as he lunged towards me swinging his lightsaber once more, hitting me in the shoulder before I could pull mine back up. He was relentless with his strikes but I dodged and blocked every single one; no matter how hard Kylo tried I was always better than him at some things and this was definitely one of those things. "Kylo, you don't need to do this." I said, groaning a little as I held off his lightsaber that was inches away from me. "I'll give you another chance, come back to me and bring Rey, we can teach her." I breathed in and out slowly, trying to calm myself. "No! I'll teach her!" I yelled, pushing Kylo off of me. "I already made that mistake, and I've regretted it ever since, I'm not making it again." I thrusted my lightsaber upwards, slashing him across the face, forcing him to fall back. I felt a rumble underneath us, the ground started separating, pushing Kylo and I further apart. I took my chance and ran for it, looking at Kylo one last time, his eyes seemed to be full of sorrow, regret, and anger. I felt a tear stream down my cheek as I ran back to Finn and Rey. I saw Rey was conscious looking to see if Finn was alright. She heard me come back and immediately stood. We just looked at each other for a good bit as I put my lightsaber away. "Is he...?" I shook my head, "I could never do that." She just nodded. "Can you help me with him..." Her voice sort of got blocked out by the sound of the Flacon landing right next to us. Chewie came out and picked up Finn; I felt so sorry for him, losing dad after all these years. The whole way back to base I was thinking about Kylo, he's going to come to the light side one way or another, I just know it, deep down, I know it. I felt that my shoulder was bugging me, I took my jacket off and saw the wound that Kylo had left, it was deep and would surely scar, I guess we both have the same way to remember this fight. Chapter 4 We got back to base, Chewie carrying Finn to the stretcher that was waiting for him. I saw Poe rush to the stretcher and look back at me, I could tell he wanted me to come with him. I nodded towards him and he followed the stretcher to the infirmary. "Abby." I heard Rey's voice. I turned around to her, "Yeah." She came up and stopped in front of me, she abruptly wrapped her arms around me. I winced as she squeezed me too hard. "Sorry." She said, letting go of me. "It's fine...what was that for?" I asked. "A thank you....you're really strong and you protected Finn and I, you fought Kylo, your brother, that takes real strength." I shook my head, "Not in the long run." "Well, if it means anything, I still think your strong." And with that she walked away, leaving me alone. I tilted my head back and groaned out loud. "Abby." I heard my mothers voice. I walked up to her, she just pulled me into a soft embrace, seeming to notice my wound. "He-he killed him...but it hurt him just as much." I cried into her shoulder. "Could you feel it?" She asked. I pulled back a little and nodded, drying my tears for what seemed like the millionth time. "Ben and I could always feel each other's emotions...if they're strong enough." She nodded in response, "Go get yourself fixed up, I don't want that to get infected." I made my way to the infirmary, strolling through the halls until I ran straight into someone, almost knocking me down but catching me by my shoulders the last second. I looked up and it was Poe. "I've been looking everywhere for you." He said, pulling me into a hug. "God, I was so worried about you the whole time." "Ow." I grimaced. "Oh, uh, sorry." He said, pulling away. He just looked at me, a grin forming on his face. "What?" I giggled. "I'll tell you later, meet me in my quarters after you get your shoulder fixed up." I nodded, feeling a rush of anxiety wash over me of what he wanted to talk about. "Okay." I agreed. He smirked, leaned down, and kissed my cheek, softly. He went on his way, I watched him as he walked; damn, boys nice to look at from behind. I got to the infirmary, the nurses patching me up quicker than I'd thought. "Is-is Finn okay?" I asked one of them as I hopped off the examination table. "He's in sort of a coma like state, so in a sense he's just fine." I made my lips into a thin line and bit at the bottom and nodded. "Um, thanks." I said as I walked out. "Anytime." I felt an ache in the pit of my stomach, a sort of regretful feeling. I could feel him again...Kylo, I had never felt his emotions from so far away. This was odd, very odd. "Abby." I heard his voice, I whipped around, stopping dead in my tracks; he was nowhere near me. "Kylo." I said out loud. "Be quiet." His voice echoed inside my mind. He was using telepathy. "What do you want?" I asked him, not speaking out loud this time. "I've been feeling very...guilty and afraid lately...I need you to tell me things will be okay; you're the only one who calms me." He hadn't been this open in years and through telepathy, come on Kylo. "I can't tell you that, Ben. Now get out of my head and leave me alone!" I felt myself push him out of my mind and back to wherever the hell he was now. I came back to reality, feeling a slight wave of exhaustion wash over me. I remembered that I needed to go to Poe's quarters and the anxiety came back once more. I headed to his room, scratching the inside of my palm the whole way. Standing outside his door, I contemplated on knocking or not but something in the back of my mind forced me to. I bit the inside of my lip waiting for him to open the door. He did and gave me a soft smile, hopefully not noticing my nervousness. He had changed his clothes from the last time I saw him; he was wearing black sweatpants and a plain white t-shirt. "Come on in." He put his arm around my shoulder and ushered me in, closing the door behind us. His room was way cleaner and organized than I expected. "So, what'd you want to talk about?" I asked, turning around to him. He surprised me by pulling me into a rough kiss, grabbing ahold of each side of my face. I clutched onto his shirt so I wouldn't fall as he deepened the kiss. My eyes fluttered closed as we backed up, my legs hitting the edge of his bed. One of his hands travelled to my hair, slowly; the other trailing to the back of my neck. I felt Poe pushing me down towards his bed; my heart started racing as my back hit the comforter. I felt like telling him but I don't know what his reaction was. He seemed to notice my thinking since I stopped kissing him back. "What's wrong?" He asked, elevating himself above me. I swallowed hard, feeling my throat was dry as Jakku. Taking in a shaky breath I decided to tell him, "Poe, I've never done anything like this with anyone before." It took him a second but then he got. "Oh, I'm sorry if I sort of freaked you out." He apologized. "No, it's fine. I just don't want to do this right now, okay?" "Okay." He smiled and gave a quick kiss against my forehead. "There's a party goin' on and I think some people are gonna miss us." He said, getting up off the bed. I nodded in response, "I'm gonna go change into some jeans and a nice shirt, I won't be that long." He went into his bathroom, I looked around his room and noticed an acoustic guitar was next to his dresser. I haven't played guitar since I was fifteen but I don't think Poe would mind if I tried out a song or two. The only song that came to mind for me was a song that Kylo loved for me to play for him; it was one of the only folk songs he liked; Hang Me, Oh Hang Me. I remembered the cords exactly and started strumming with my fingers, seeing that Poe didn't have a pic. I started singing quietly to myself. "Hang me, oh hang me. I'll be dead and gone. Hang me, oh hang me. I'll be dead and gone. Wouldn't mind a hangin', but the layin' in the grave so long, poor boy; been all around this world. Been all 'round cape Jordan, and parts of Arkansas. Been all 'round cape Jordan, and parts of Arkansas. I got so god damn hungry, I could hide behind a straw, poor boy, I've been all around this world..." I heard the door from the bathroom open and just saw Poe standing there, smiling. "Sorry, should've asked-" "No, you're voice is beautiful...I know that song too." I smiled, putting his guitar back on the stand. "Good song to play on the guitar." I said, walking up to him as he opened the door to his room. "Yep, let's get goin' before anyone gets suspicious."