one Notes: in which kylo ren takes for granted that there are some vibes even non-force users can pick up on (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo tries to imagine it once, during a particularly boring shift on the bridge. He watches Hux travel around the room, his posture rigid even while bent over monitors, and suddenly pities anyone foolish enough to try having sex with him. Propped against a console, face hidden by his mask, Kylo gives an idle once over to the figure tucked beneath a coat. Hux is indecipherable through his layers, but the fine-boned quality of his face implies someone who uses fabric to add size. Arms crossed, Kylo follows gloved hands as they work on a holo-display. He imagines fucking Hux would be similar to enduring one of his speeches; that he'd be stiff and formal, laying there in unforgivable lines and sucking the entire mood from the room. He'd probably find Kylo hotblooded and uncouth – Kylo who needs to touch and feel, who likes thighs on his waist and hands in his hair – would probably strive instead to keep things concise and clean. It's not hard to imagine Hux giving the same clinical detachment to sex that he does anything else. That he'd go at it like a duty, a perfunctory task. His passions seem solely reserved for military zeal and political agenda. Still making his way through shift check, Hux is half way to Kylo's perch, writing something across his datapad. Doing so, his sleeves are pushed back, baring a thin strip of flesh between his glove and coat. Dark eyes stray to the nudity. Hux has nice wrists. It's a strange thing to notice, but one that's particularly stark when his wrists are the only skin ever displayed below the throat. Today is not the first time Kylo's attention has been caught by them. The flesh there is translucent and smooth, with blue-green threads where his veins sit. It makes Kylo wonder how far the small details translate, if the flush of rage Hux gets when they're clashing means he's prone to such – if he'd flush for other reasons, down his chest, or if he's easy to bruise. He tries to picture the shape of teeth on a collar bone, or how dark Hux would get, arousal straining against pale stomach, when Kylo seats into him that final inch. He wonders if Hux would still be so haughty when he's spread out on his back, a filthy mess around Kylo's cock – when he's slick and soft from riding Kylo's face, from fingers and lubricant and pre-cum – or how regal he'd be able to act after Kylo gets him on his hands and knees, fucking back onto each thrust. Exhaling heavily, Kylo shifts, aware that he's gotten himself half hard, and that Hux is already on his side of the bridge. For an indulgent moment, he imagines the thrill down his spine when the next caught sleeve reveals a bruise. It's the one from Kylo's mouth, from where he's pressed his teeth against Hux's pulse and felt it jump. He imagines how gloved hands would look braced on the command panel as Kylo holds Hux down on it, his chest pressed to Hux's back and his arm caught around his throat. He keeps a fist in his hair and his hips steady, rutting into the other until Hux cums all over the station. “Can I help you?” Ironically, it's Hux himself who finally breaks the spell, drawing him back into the moment. He's clearly vexed, his voice sharp as he snaps at Kylo, unusually ruffled. Kylo considers the question, dropping his gaze onto the plush shape of the commander's mouth, and leers. Much to his surprise – and delight – Hux flushes, coloring to his hairline. His lips part in outrage, and already caught in arousal, Kylo feels his dick throb. He shifts, subtly trying to adjust himself, and Hux grows even redder. Something is beginning to tug at Kylo, something important. He tries to nail it down, but Hux looks so flustered it's difficult not to be distracted. His eyes are overly bright in the flush of his face, which spreads across his neck and below his collar. Kylo rakes a hot glance over his torso, wondering if his chest has gone just as blotchy, and then down between his legs. When he looks back up, Hux is staring at him like he's completely lost his mind, shocked and embarrassed and irate. “ For christ's sake, Ren ,” He hisses, sounding so beyond the point of done that Kylo nearly barks a laugh, except suddenly the tug is back, right there at the edge of his mind, “Go take a cold shower!” It hits Kylo then – how startled Hux had been to find Kylo staring at him, the way he had tensed up, waiting for him to stop, then snapping at him when he didn't. How red he had gone as soon as Kylo fixated on his mouth, almost as if - Almost as if he had seen exactly where Kylo was looking. This time, Kylo is the one who blanches, even as Hux storms off and Phasma throws her gaze skyward in exasperation. Around them, the bridge is choked with thunderstruck silence, while the crew trapped in place by virtue of their assignments try to look everywhere but Kylo. More than a few of them are pink. Eye-fucking your General, it turns out, is a lot subtler when the mask is actually on your face. Notes: 'wow who would ever have sex with this loser' immediately gets worked up by a little wrist flashing ok kylo ok Chapter 2 Notes: i swear i write more than aimless smut (maybe) also, i'm delighted to see people are enjoying these! thank you for the comments and kudos, i was really surprised when i checked back after posting last time to see the response - you guys made my week! let's all be kylux trash together +_+9 When the unexpected knock sounds on his door, halfway through his break, Hux considers it a minor triumph that he's able to sound so calm. Laying in bed, his voice has the same authority it always does, brisk and unwavering, almost as if he were still at his post on the bridge. And not, in fact, like he's sprawled on his back. Naked. "What is it?" Above him, Kylo Ren looks considerably less impressed by his composure, which just goes to show that every theory Hux has ever had about the man's professional sense is absolutely true. He's also looking a bit offended, presumably because he's just bottomed out and doesn't appreciate being balls-deep in someone who isn't paying attention. The knock comes again. “Sir, if you have a moment? It's Rodinon.” Hux shifts, rising to his elbows, but Ren scowls, seizing him by the waist before he can get any further, “ Don't .” As if to make a point, he nudges his hips, jolting the place where they're connected, and Hux bears down automatically, heat flushing his limbs. It's not that he doesn't understand Ren's displeasure – they've been building this up for days , pushing at each other, honing the tension – but Hux is still the General and his duties won't be ignored. Shoving at the wall of chest, he shoots the other a warning look and props himself up, “What do you need, Lieutenant?” Already running through a list of possible problems and solutions, the redhead keeps a staying palm on Kylo's sternum, who's mood is darkening with each passing second. “It's about the training, sir.” Expression wiping clean, Hux lifts a brow. “Training?” “Yes, sir. For the new databank.” This time, it's the general's turn to be displeased. He flops back with a scoff, scrubbing a hand down his face. A simple software update isn't exactly the emergency he was readying for. “If you'll recall, you offered to help me acquaint with the program.” Kylo's expression turns alarmingly flat, and Hux realizes with a start that he has every intention of blowing their cover. Scrambling upright, he yanks down the hand suddenly poised to force-blast one of his best lieutenants through a door. “Don't you dare,” Hux pulls the appendage against his side with a growl, as if to keep it tucked out of trouble, and tries not to think about the headache in store for him should he lose an officer to medical leave. “Get rid of him,” Kylo's voice is hoarse with arousal and temper as he leans forward, fisting hair, and pulls Hux to his mouth. Their kiss is short and harsh, both of them left breathless when it breaks, “Or I will.” Bristling at the threat, Hux glares, ready to snap something waspish – you're not the one in charge here, Ren – but then the other catches between his legs, sliding his palm around his cock. He fists Hux once, twice, and the redhead pushes into his hand. Sensing his advantage, Kylo arches his pelvis. “ Now , Hux.” Snort exasperated, but posture relaxing beneath the liquid pleasure, Hux raises his voice again to the man just outside his door, “I'm not available to help you now, Lieutenant. Perh a -” His breath hitches when Kylo drags a thumb across the head of his cock, and Hux scowls, trying to recover, “- phs Phasma can assist you.” Vindictively, he gives a short flutter of muscle, and Kylo groans, dropping his forehead against collar. Reminded suddenly of how close they are to relief, Hux sinks his fingers into damp hair, pressing his thighs against Kylo's sides. “Pardon, sir, but she's also unfamiliar with the system. It has to be you.” His own ire rises sharply, undercut by the impatience Ren is all but vibrating with. His body is tense against Hux, his shoulders bunched with the effort to keep still. Whether he's trying not to thrust or trying not to force-choke someone through a wall, Hux isn't sure, but he doesn't plan on lingering long enough to find out. “Right,” Despite everything, they're both still impossibly hard, Kylo seated deep, and Hux is starting to feel a little desperate. It must show on his face, because when he finally lifts his head, Ren looks him over, his jaw working in wordless frustration. Slowly, he begins to pull out, hissing at the friction. Breath faltering, Hux fists the sheets. “I don't mind waiting, sir, if you're in the middle of something.” Large hands grab his hips, holding him still for the slide back in – smooth and deep. Hux tries to breathe through the pleasure as it tightens behind his pelvis. “That won't be necessary.” The smirk buried against his throat only makes him scowl, even as he tilts his chin to accommodate the wet heat exploring his pulse. Aware that the situation is quickly tumbling from precarious to dire, Hux tries to keep enough wit about him to salvage what he can. “Stop by my office next shift change, Lieutenant. We'll - ” Without waiting, Kylo pumps his hips again, and Hux has to stop talking long enough to swallow a groan, “- go over the material then.” It comes out a rush, but he doesn't care, not when he can't stop rocking into each surge, and not when he's leaking all over his own stomach. Any remaining composure disappears when the force-user quickens his pace, bracing onto forearms. “Are you s-” He's clearly done waiting, hips landing hard against the underside of ass, and Hux hisses, gripping onto a taunt bicep. When he slides his legs around the other's waist, hooking his ankles, Kylo makes a rough sound, and Hux realizes that they really are done; that the whole damn brigade could be standing outside of his door and it wouldn't stop Kylo, who's grabbing the headboard for the leverage to start fucking Hux like he means it. “ Dismissed .” He gets the word out just before a hard thrust robs him of speech, his body jarring as Kylo begins to move. Vaguely, he's aware of receiving a ' yes sir ', but by then all of his coherency has fled and he's too far gone to care. Chapter 3 Summary: in which a spar with the general turns out to be more work than kylo anticipated Notes: aka the spar scene no one asked for but that i really wanted lmao for sirriius @ tumblr, who's message inspired this scene and who gave me fun things to think about during a really hectic week! Two figures stand on the sparring mats of an empty gym. Kylo paces, rolling his shoulders, his posture rife with tension. Across from him, stripped into training pants and an undershirt, Hux watches flatly, his own rage contained to the burn of gaze. “Are we going to do this or not, Ren?” Sneering at his tone, Kylo gives the redhead a derisive once over, his hands itching into fists. He lunges, not bothering with a verbal reply, and begins their spar with a hard swing at Hux's face. The redhead jerks away, skirting back as Kylo drives forward. Although he's agreed to refrain from using the Force, and knows that exerting his full energy would be a waste, years of antagonism make it hard to hold back. The first few minutes are spent with Hux stuck in defense, Kylo lashing out viciously, so that the General has to dodge and block, constantly in retreat. When Kylo finally connects, landing a punch to his chest, he does so with enough force that he feels the impact of it travel up his arm. It's ridiculously satisfying, and Kylo pulls his fist back to repeat the action, this time above the neck. Instead, he feels the wind knock out of him when Hux grabs hold of his arm, sweeping his legs out from under him. He hits the mat hard, his shoulder wrenching as the other twists it behind his back. A fist nearly rips the hair from his head as Hux slams his face into the ground. “You're a pain in the ass,” He growls, digging a knee into his back. Dazed from the impact, Kylo tries to clear his vision, bringing stunned fingers to the warm liquid sliding down his mouth. Surprised to find he's bleeding, and that Hux has drawn first injury, Kylo gives a breathless laugh. Despite himself, he's a little impressed. The hand in his hair tightens, pushing his face harder into the mat. Kylo rears, shoving free, and grimaces when fingers take a few strands of hair with them. Vaulting onto his feet, he wipes the remaining blood from his nose. This time, they both go for the offense. Even with the General's unexpected ability, Kylo is still the superior fighter, and Hux is careful to keep range between them. He strikes out quickly, his movements short to avoid a take-down. They clash hard, trading kicks and hits. Lunging again, Kylo sinks low, finally catching Hux around the waist. Bracing for it, the redhead manages to stay on his feet, pushing into the momentum, before Kylo uses the leverage to upend him. He slams Hux onto the mat, pinning him down while the redhead thrashes, his palm clipping the underside of Kylo's jaw. They grapple across the floor, their spar devolving into an all out brawl. There's something thrilling about getting Hux so physical, about pushing him to his limits so that he's sweating and flushed, looking nothing like the icon of restraint he always is. Instead he's hitting hard, even crudely, and taking any opening he can to gain the upper hand. With both of them on their sides, Hux catches the force-user from behind, locking his arms around his shoulders and hooking his legs around his waist. Compressing Kylo's throat in the crook of his elbow, he pulls, choking him until the larger male throws his weight, lurching onto his back. Caught between Kylo's body and the floor, Hux abates, winded by the impact. Able to breathe again, Kylo heaves forward, tossing Hux into a headlock. Between one blow and the next, their contact begins to lengthen. It's fleeting – a glance of palm, the brush of skin – but slowly bleeds their violence into exploration. They wrestle, legs sliding and hands catching. With a burst of strength, Kylo pins Hux onto his stomach, his knees on either side of the General's waist. Drained, the redhead presses his forehead into the mat, trying to regain his breath, while on-top of him, Kylo is more spent than he cares to admit. Gaze dropping onto the nape of Hux's neck, he contemplates the new perspective. The other is surprisingly fit, trim lines on solid muscle, and Kylo is suddenly aware of the way his body feels beneath him. Sensing his distraction, Hux pitches backward, struggling with renewed energy, and manages to break free. He has just enough time to get upright again before Kylo seizes him, tackling him to the mat. This time, the redhead is on his back, his legs like a vice around Kylo's ribs. Grabbing onto a thigh when Hux squeezes, he digs his fingers into the muscle, trying to dislodge the pressure. They're both overheated, the color high in their faces, and strained. Finally, the redhead releases his torso, too worn out to continue. His posture softens as he concedes, dropping his feet onto the mat when Kylo lets go. Dark eyes take in the other sprawled beneath him, trailing over the translucent cling of his shirt and damp skin. Splaying his hands up waist, Kylo tests the shape of body, the heel of his hand grazing sides. His lips part, slightly awed, when Hux arches beneath his palms, his back curling reflexively. Before he can explore the reaction, the redhead knees his side, knocking him over. They roll, and Kylo finds himself staring at the ceiling, Hux straddled across his pelvis. They're both panting, damp with sweat, and hard. It's not uncommon, considering the physical nature of a spar, but there's a thick undercurrent between them that assures Kylo it isn't merely a bodily default. Bringing his knees up, Kylo shifts Hux into the cradle of his lap, both of them tensing when the new angle presses their groins. Hux exhales, opening his sprawl, and with a deft crook of hip, rubs himself against the underside of Kylo's cock. The contact is short, a barely there tease, but Kylo feels it all the way down his spine. Above him, Hux hisses, nearly thrumming, and he's so fucking sensitive that Kylo wonders how long it's been since he's had someone touch him, or even just since he's gotten off. More eager to find out than he should be, Kylo rolls his hips, swallowing thickly when Hux rocks down again, the pleasure sweeping visibly across his body. Without warning, a throat clears, sounding like thunder in the hush. They startle, jerking in surprise to find Phasma standing at the doorway. “I'm sorry to interrupt your training - ” Even through her helmet, her tone is dry, “ - but General Hux is needed on the bridge.” “Right,” Wiping at his brow, Hux nods, trying to reorient, “Of course. I'll be there shortly.” Already, he's pulling up familiar control, his focus snapped back onto duties. The moment is gone – was broken the second the Captain announced her presence - and Hux shifts into action, rising to his feet. Without further acknowledgment, he departs, taking the datapad from Phasma as he passes, and disappears into the showers. Kylo watches him go, his lips twisted wryly, and waits until Phasma follows suit before flopping back onto the mats. Chapter 4 Summary: Cigars, like Generals, are best consumed slowly. Notes: kink prompt from an awesome anon on tumblr! they picked #44, humiliation Admittedly, this draws inspiration from jakkutrashheap , whose dom!Kylo has been giving me life lately. Their art is also why Kylo x Cigar is my lowkey otp, and what made this idea click. If you haven't had a chance to yet, definitely go check them out! warnings: D/s, BDSM, objectification (human ashtray), bit gag, etc The cigar smolders to life with a few short puffs, glowing brightly as Kylo draws on the end. When the tobacco begins to burn, the Knight pulls it from his mouth, sending a stream of smoke across its tip. The ember flares, blooming over the foot of the cigar, before settling down again. Satisfied, he clicks his lighter shut. His posture is loose, his mood content. Lounging in the aftermath of an orgasm, Kylo clouds the air, careful to bide his time and regulate his pace. Cigars, like Generals, are best consumed slowly. Smirk faint, Kylo leans forward, bracing onto his forearms. He's pleased to find Hux exactly as he left him, naked and restrained at his feet. With his wrists locked beside his ankles, he's kneeling with his ass in the air and his face by the ground, bound to a spreader bar and displayed. Contemplating the sleek planes of his body, the knight pulls another drag from his cigar. He slides his boot beneath the other's chin, slick with saliva from the bit-gag in his mouth, and forces him upward. With Kylo's foot under his jaw, Hux levels his torso, his arms tensing as he shifts. The new position presents his back, creating a resting surface, as if he were a stool or table. Splaying a large palm over the nape of his neck, Kylo dips him forward again, just slightly, to press his body into a slope. Even here – gagged and bound, blindfolded and naked – the redhead's posture is pristine, his shoulders back and spine straight. A renewed heat begins in Kylo's groin, spreading dimly down his thighs. The General's discipline, he's come to find, is not without its merit. Gaze dark, Kylo pulls the cigar from his teeth, ebbing smoke through his nose. A head of ash has gathered on the end, and without speaking he brings it over the divot of Hux's back. The soot falls in a dusty bundle, smoking warmly, and unprepared for the sensation, the redhead jumps, trying to arch away. Viciously, Kylo lands his palm against the swell of ass, the blow weighted by the Force. Choking around his gag, Hux quickly realigns himself, the Knight's hand print already mottling on his bottom. This time, the ash rains down in hot sparks, the embers too fresh to cool. As he had before, Hux startles, his position and blindfold denying him forewarning, but manages to hold himself in place. The third time, he merely tenses, flecks of burning tobacco shifting down his spine. For the next leg of his cigar, Kylo indulges himself, burning through the length quickly. He watches the way hot cinders tumble along the slope of Hux's back, sullying the sleek expanse, and how his skin prickles. Occasionally, raw embers plummet, burning Hux in greater measure, and streak him in molten trails. Flipping open his lighter, Kylo heats the tip of cigar, his cock stirring at the tension that threads into Hux's posture each time he does so. It becomes a game, then, his thumb on the spoke, and Hux's nerves drawn tight. Before long, the room is overwhelmed by the fragrance of smoke, a screen of blue-white hanging above them. When his sporadic lighting takes it toll, one side burning quicker than the other, Kylo holds the entire cigar over Hux's back. Igniting the edge, he roasts the lingering section until, heavy with kindle, the tip falls off, leaving him with a clean break. Beneath it, Hux inhales sharply, his body flinching as the tobacco settles on his skin. Reflexively, his back curls, trying to dislodge it, but Kylo grabs him roughly by the scruff, shoving his face towards the floor. Bent at a steeper incline, the ember spills between his shoulders, stinging and inescapable. When it finishes smoldering, the Knight drags the other back up with a fist in his hair. By now, more than half of his cigar is gone. He begins to linger, drawing slowly. The taste has changed, striking deeper notes, and Kylo sinks back to enjoy it. For the remainder of his smoke, the Knight relaxes, palming himself through his pants. It doesn't take long for the ache in his dick to sharpen, the atmosphere growing thick. At his feet, exhaustion has begun to creep into Hux's carriage, his breath heavy around the obstruction of his gag. His mouth is raw from it, the metal digging into tender flesh, and saliva pools freely around the bar. Admiring the obscenity of it, Kylo runs his fingertips along the cleft of ass, ghosting over slick entrance. Hux nearly buckles, swaying into the contact, his body clenching onto emptiness. Between his thighs, his cock is still hard from their earlier contact, ringed and denied. Every now and then, a soft rasp breaks the silence, ricocheting visibly through Hux as the lighter sparks. Ash clings to his damp skin, the larger bundles collecting in the dip of his back. Kylo tips the last pile off, depositing it alongside the others, and Hux shakes in the effort to maintain his posture, trying not to spill them. Marbled with soot and peppered in smarting red marks, the shelf of his spine is filthy, his body used and strained. The lighter ignites. A cone of tightly packed tobacco is visible, exposed where the last chunk of cigar has broken away. Kylo slides it directly into the tongue of flame, heating it until the ember seethes. Smearing soot over a pale flank, Kylo holds Hux in place, something close to fondness creeping into his chest at the anxiety pouring off of the other. His breath is frantic, splintering into panic as Kylo prolongs the moment, stretching his nerves. Finally, when the smoke goes acrid, the Knight extinguishes his lighter, grains of ash fluttering as he removes the cigar from his mouth. The cherry hisses loudly as he presses it into the General's hip, smoldering through his skin with a merciless crackle. Hux shouts, a hoarse keen, and Kylo smirks, his eyes dark as he watches the cigar go out. When it finishes, Kylo leans in, bringing his mouth to the raw flesh, and exhales his last plume of smoke against the brand. Chapter 5 Summary: coming untouched Notes: another kink fill from tumblr! the prompt this time was #18 'coming untouched', sent by another cool anon c: (you guys have such good picks, thanks for sending!) For the third time since departing from his shift on the bridge, General Hux is forced to stop in his stride towards his chamber, waylaid by a lieutenant with a datapad. His jaw tightens. “Sir,” The officer greets, looking harried. Carefully, Hux turns towards the other, his pupils flared but voice smooth, “How can I help you, Lieutenant?” “Apologies, but I need your authorization for these repairs.” Taking the datapad, Hux scans it unseeingly. A flush has begun to creep over the edge of his collar, “Which ones?” “The navigation panels, sir, from sector five. For saber damage.” Tension ripples across Hux’s frame at the mention, his features shifting with an unnamed emotion. It only continues as he scrawls his signature, an imperceptible tremor rippling through his hand. Stiffening, the General stares at the order form, his figure still as he concentrates. He takes a careful breath. Then another. After a moment, the officer before him shifts, left awkwardly on standby, and clears his throat in the lull, “Sir?” He hedges, his relief visible when Hux swallows, his attention forced back to the task. “Here you are, Lieutenant,” Returning the datapad, Hux gives a dismissive nod, resuming his trek. His gait is clipped and uniform, his posture collected. He barely makes it. Veering towards a quiet hallway, he opts for convenience over preference. Locked in the privacy of a refresher, Hux finally lets his breath grow ragged. Another wave of heat rolls through his stomach, spiraling from the unseen hand working over his cock. Groaning, Hux sinks back against the door. His groin is hot, heavy with arousal, and his skin feels tight. Suddenly aware of just how close he is to release, the redhead begins yanking at his belt, determined not to ruin his uniform. With shaking hands and a few jerky motions, his pants fall around his ankles, his shirt bunched up to his chest. Exposed to the open air, his stomach is tense, his cock straining damply against the front of his briefs. Another squeeze makes his head thunk back, “You son of a bitch,” Despite his ire, the words are strained and breathless, stealing the heat from them. Almost mockingly, the pressure flares, slipping along his shaft and between his legs. Hux growls. When the redhead finally manages to peel his briefs down, his cock is dark and slick, bobbing against his stomach. His thighs tremble, his limbs filled with heat. Before he can touch himself, the Force-hold tightens and shifts, starting a rhythm that makes his hips rock. Nearly splitting his lip to muffle a shout, Hux writhes against the door. He begins to fuck into the invisible fist, legs kicked open and pelvis hitching. It’s a lewd image he only catches a glimpse of, reflected back at him from the mirror across the way. His face is flushed, his hair coming down from its slick. Trying not to focus on it, or his own revulsion at the evidence of being so undone, Hux braces his feet. When the pleasure becomes too much, his dick pulsing in the strange friction, he slips a gloved hand beneath his shirt, rubbing at a nipple. Torn between the stimulation, Hux curses, his whole body thrumming. It doesn’t take long, only a minute or two of thrusting into nothing, the Force pressed around him, for Hux to hit his limit. He cums hard, his toes curling in his boots and his back arching from the door. Turning his face, he rides through the pleasure, roping his stomach in hot spurts of release. When at last he’s milked to completion, the General finds himself sliding downward, his legs weak in the aftermath. Almost immediately the touch is gone, leaving Hux to recover by himself on the floor. Chapter 6 Summary: an ambassador sends the general blood oranges Notes: a quick warm up fill for #31 on the kink meme (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The fruit had arrived earlier in the week, with a note signed by a familiar ambassador. Although Hux had seemed nonplussed upon receiving it, his casual demeanor had been belied by a initial flash of delight that had set Kylo’s teeth on edge. He had known the ambassador had taken a liking to Hux, and that to an extent, this had been the General’s intent. Cultivating allies, after all, was part of his job. What Kylo hadn’t known, however, was just how closely the diplomat had been paying attention. He'd have to have been to notice the small oranges on Hux’s tray in the mornings, and the way the redhead always saved the dismal fruit for last. Living on a ship came with its own detriments, including the rations available for storage. Fresh produce was rare beyond what was stocked in the dispensers, and usually mealy. A child of space, though, Hux never seemed bothered by this. In fact, if anything, the General seemed to regard the citrus as an indulgence, lingering over it and portioning his wedges when supplies were low. The oranges were one of the few pleasures he allowed himself. It galled Kylo that the ambassador had picked up on this, and even more that his ploy had been successful. Whether Hux admitted it or not, he was pleased by the gift. Seeing the intricate display, it had taken the better part of Kylo's control to keep from Force-blasting it. It’s a moment of restraint the Knight finds himself suddenly regretting. Hux is talking, though about what Kylo isn’t sure. He hasn’t heard a word the other has said since stepping into his office. They’re on shift break, which for Hux means his only chance to eat, and all of Kylo’s focus is trained onto the way he’s carefully peeling an orange. His hands are bare and his sleeves have been rolled back. As he speaks, his eyes scan a datapad, the fruit cupped in his palm. It’s large and bright, the skin noticeably thick as the General slices into it. He cuts off the top and bottom, scoring neat lines into its sides. The motion is practiced, done almost absently as he continues to read. An unbidden warmth begins in Kylo’s gut. Piece by piece, Hux strips the rind from the orange. His touch is light, gripped loosely to the shape, while his fingers slide beneath the peel. The Knight watches, throat running dry, as naked hands work through the layer. They’re meticulous, removing whole sections at a time, until the orange is tender and exposed in his palm. They’re blood oranges, ripe and full, with jewel colored pulp. He can tell by the way Hux has drawn them out, restricting himself to one per cycle, that the General has taken a liking to them. Opening the fruit, he parts the halves with care, their faces wet and firm. By the time he finishes gliding his thumbnail through the middle, removing the excess skin, the heat has bled into Kylo’s groin. There’s something oddly erotic about seeing the General get his hands dirty. His fingers are coated in the oil from the rind and dewy with juice as he pulls a wedge free. Sinking his teeth into it, Hux chews on his first bite, his enjoyment all but palpable. The oranges are hearty, brimming with dark pulp, and even with the redhead’s caution, it’s not long before his lips have a sheen to them, his hands sticky. His manner is casual, his attention still on his datapad, but Kylo can feel the way he’s savoring each bite, can sense him mulling the rush of flavor like a secret indulgence. As far as luxuries go, it’s absurdly simple, but it’s one the General is taking full bodied enjoyment from. He runs his tongue along his teeth, blotting his lips, and reaches for another piece. Kylo’s stomach tightens. There’s a thin bead of juice running down Hux's wrist, a runoff from the slice still in his fingers, and the solitary track seems almost obscene. Watching it makes the Knight want to do ridiculous things, like travel to forgotten corners of the galaxy just to bring back gifts of exotic fruit. He'd unearth entire trees, pulling them from their roots, and create orchards inside of ship hulls. He wants to imbue Hux, watch his mouth grow lush and sweet, just for the salty contrast when he swallows Kylo’s cock. He can almost imagine the mess Hux would become, nectar running down his chin and hands. He wants him naked, seated on his lap, while Kylo slides pieces of fruit between slick lips and gets the General eating right from his hand, his tongue rubbing on his fingers and welcoming him when they kiss. Afterward, he'd drag wet pulp along sensitive skin, trailing lines on his stomach, his hips, that he'd chase over with an open mouth. Then he wants to spread Hux out and eat him like he’s the indulgence, lavish his entrance until he’s wet and open, ready to be fucked. A lewd feast. Drawn from his reverie by a heavy silence, Kylo realizes he’s missed a cue, and tilts his head belatedly. Brows lowering, the General eyes him, “Have you been paying attention at all?” “Here and there.” The Knight admits, a smirk twitching onto his mouth. Snorting, Hux pushes away from his desk, brisk and irritated, “I trust you can see yourself out.” His hands are sticky with juice and unable to put himself to rights, he gives a brief suck to the side of his thumb. Kylo’s pulse skips, his blood thundering. He catches Hux by the bicep when the General tries to pass, angled towards the refresher to wash up. Tensing, the redhead quirks a brow, a scowl creeping onto his expression, “What?” Grabbing him by the chin, Kylo drags a thumb across his lower lip. He swipes at the residue there, chasing it to the corner of mouth, and replaces it with the taste of leather. “A bit of orange,” He explains, his gaze heavy on reddened mouth. Dazed, Hux blinks, color rising high in his face, and steps back when Kylo releases him. “Oh.” Almost reflexively, he reaches to wipe it away, even as his teeth pull across the lip, “Right…” A beat of silence passes, Hux visibly addled, before finally he gathers himself, shooting a final glance to the Knight as he leaves. Watching him go, Kylo waits for his own body to settle, his dick straining against the front of his pants. A splash of color in his peripheral turns his attention back to the desk, where the oranges are stacked neatly in their bowl. A number of them remain, round and perfect. Lifting one, Kylo contemplates the fruit, bright in his fist, and chuckles. Notes: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ tbh i just like the idea of corrupt ambassadors sending hux gifts and kylo wanting to lavish him with nice things from all over the galaxy in a moment of lust Chapter 7 Summary: The one where Kylo rims Hux until he cries. Notes: Pls accept this small offering of smut. The end of the year kicked my ass, so I haven't been able to respond or post much, but If you've left comments/kudos or bookmarked, please know that I love you dearly, and that you're the bees knees! I appreciate the heck outta you <3 (x2 for those repeat offenders!!! i bet u thought i didn't notice but i do , i so do, and i'm sendin much love) He’s on his stomach, with his thighs spread and Ren’s face pressed against his ass. Twisting the sheets, Hux swallows down a groan, trying not to squirm, but the other is relentless, nuzzling and licking as if he could go for hours. Hux is close to ruin. Each swipe of tongue sends fire along the back of his legs, making his balls ache and his dick leak. It’s hot, slick friction, opening his body with lazy greed. Every minute that passes is another blow to his resolve, until time blurs and Hux can’t tell up from down or left from right. His face is pressed into the mattress, attempting to hide the slack expression that gives him away, because even now - even with his ass in the air and Ren’s hands on his hips - the General refuses to admit defeat. As if sensing his struggle, the Knight slides his palms down his thighs, pushing them further apart. His touch is feather light, winding Hux tighter and tighter, and begins to trail over his waist. After so long without touch, every drag of skin against his own is like a brand, sending chills up his spine. Hux trembles. Bit by bit, Ren dismantles him. Soon, not even the numbness in his knees is enough to ground him. He’s raw-nerved, his chest flushed and nipples stiff. Spreading his cheeks, Ren fucks into him with his tongue, switching between heavy licks and teasing curls. When he starts a rhythm, Hux can’t stop the choked off sound that finally escapes, his hips bucking uselessly. Between his legs, his cock is desperately hard, dark and untouched. He feels the other smirk against his entrance, his lips soft and hot, kissing him lewdly. It’s maddening, makes his back arch and stomach clench. Desperation robs him of coherency. Shifting his weight, Hux raises onto his forearms, his whole body shaking as large hands squeeze his ass. The touch is demanding and proprietary, and Hux pushes into it, too far gone to bother with annoyance. Instead he bites his lip for silence as Kylo continues to eat him out, the shock and obscenity of it only sharpening his pleasure. He’s sensitive and restless, aching for release. Rough hands grab his hips, lifting him towards the heady press of mouth. Without thinking, Hux widens his straddle, exposing the slick pout of his entrance, and is rewarded with a groan. Smooth, hungry thrusts nearly undo him, all of Ren’s earlier finesse replaced by base want. It’s only when the Knight begins to pull away, easing back in minute increments, that Hux realizes he’s been swaying into the contact. Despite himself, he tries to follow, rutting after it. The bastard is teasing him - has gotten Hux pushing onto his face and nudging onto his tongue - but every nerve ending feels like it’s on fire. Muffling an anxious moan as Ren begins lapping at him again, the General vibrates, his body taut and flushed. Ren chuckles, burying the sound against his swollen rim, and Hux’s arms give out at the sensation. For long, drugged moments, he writhes beneath the onslaught. Somewhere in the back of his mind, it occurs to him that the throaty noises filling the room are his own, and that he should probably try to stop them. Instead, Kylo scatters his thoughts with a slap to his ass, pressing a final, humming kiss to his entrance. He’s so wet and ready that the Knight sinks two fingers into him without trouble, the thick digits swallowed into the hot ache of his body. Hux sobs. Keeping him open, Kylo gives an appreciative rumble, his gaze dark and possessive as it rests on the stretch of him. “Look how fucking greedy you are.” He purrs, his voice pulled from depths of his chest. His fingers thrust in and out with soft, filthy sounds, and Hux pants, watching the other over his shoulder. “Fuck,” Kylo slides a third finger in, hissing at the way Hux draws him in, squeezing around his knuckles. He can’t know how he looks - his ass tilted and wet, fucked out from slick kissing and fervent licks - but the raw way the Knight groans at the sight of him makes his dick throb anyway. With his chest pressed to the bed and his knees braced, he feels exposed and eager, his expression creased with pleasure. His breath hitches at the sight of the other’s cock, ruddy and thick, straining towards his stomach. Hux clenches imploringly around the Knight’s fingers. In a flash, Ren leans down again, licking at the snug flesh he’s working open. Hux cries out, his vision going white when those same digits rub over his prostate. Setting a pace, Kylo breaks him with ruthless intent, his touch steady, his mouth lush. Buckling against the bed, the General is sobbing in earnest when his orgasm finally hits, wrung from his body by curling fingers and hot stabs of tongue.