Snow smacked me in the face, feeling as if I was being pricked in the face with small spikes as I ran through the desolate woods, seeming to stretch on and on, ducking under branches and jumping over rocks; my lungs felt as if they were on fire, my legs wearing on me as I sprinted as fast as I could. People were yelling and screaming trying to search for me; I felt as if I was going to get away, as if I was going to get out of this place. Until my foot snagged on something under the snow, I fell down onto the frozen dirt, smacking my shoulder and head flat against the ground. I groaned, looking up as I saw what I tripped on; a fucking root. "Shit." I grimaced to myself as my hands went to my ankle. I tried to pull myself up as fast as I could, grabbing onto a tree, balancing myself. I attempted to start running again, keeping my weight off my injured ankle. I didn't make it too far before I heard the familiar, intimidating sound of that lightsaber. I fell to the ground again as my legs buckled underneath me from immediate fear. There was a bush not too far away from me, I crawled towards it but before I could make it I felt blistering heat almost touching my cheek. I didn't dare move as I stayed on my hands and knees, feeling myself shake underneath his presence. "So naive." His warped voice rang in my ears, I dug my fingers into the cold snow, feeling the tips start to freeze. The rags that were wrapped around my hands were soaked along with the bottom half of my pants. My feelings were being mixed all together, forcing confusion to be above all. "So foolish." I felt a sharp pain in my ribs as he kicked me to the ground harshly, the same side of my body hitting the frozen ground as before. I gazed up at him, feeling the scab on my lip break, tasting iron as the blood leaked into my mouth and down my chin. He cocked his head at me as I heaved for air to come back to my lungs. "Look at you...pathetic, I could train you, you could be as strong as me." He crouched down, looking at me, my chest still heaving, not that I was still exhausted, it was the adrenaline, my second wind had just kicked in when he found me. My heart was pounding in my ears and my throat as I kept silent. "Not answering me just makes things worse for you." I looked away from his masked face, taking in a sharp breath. "What're my options again?" I hugged out. "Either stay with me and train. Or I kill you right here, that's not a problem." I knew the obvious answer but I was too proud to answer him straight up. I'll stay with you. I knew he had read my mind as I looked straight at him. He stood up, putting his lightsaber back in his holster, offering me his hand. I grabbed onto his gloved hand, it felt so warm, I didn't want to let go of it but he pulled me up all too soon. I winced as I stood, shifting my weight off my weak ankle. "What's wrong?" He asked, seemingly not sounding concerned. "I tripped over a root and really messed up my ankle." He groaned a little, "We'll see what we can do about it when we get back." --- Kylo had sent me to the infirmary as soon as we got back to the base. This is not how I saw my day would be going. I thought as two stormtroopers drug me to the infirmary. A nurse took me as we entered through the double doors. "What seems to be the problem?" She asked as she sat me on the examination table. "I injured my ankle in some way." I explained quickly. "Well, let's take a look then." She grabbed my leg and swung it onto the table. "Fuck." I winced, gritting my teeth. -- She had told me that I just severely sprained it and I should take it easy the next few days or week. "I'll try." I had a hint of sarcasm in my tone. "You better, I'll tell Ren you're all fixed up." I swallowed hard, hearing that name as she walked to the phone sitting on the counter. He came sooner than I thought, walking in to see me with my leg still up on the table. "So, how long will she be like this?" He asked, his hands in tight fists at his sides. I had noticed a frightened aura light up around the nurse, her eyes sending a look of terror. "Maybe a few days, she just sprained it." He took in a deep breath and sighed, turning his attention towards me. "Come on." He ordered, nodding his head for me to follow him. "I'll give you crutches for now." The nurse told me handing me a pair. "She doesn't need those." Kylo objected. The nurse immediately put them back, giving me a sorrowful look. "How am I supposed to follow you, then?" I asked, raising an eyebrow towards him. I could feel that angered him and I almost smirked as I saw how easy I could piss him off. He rushed towards me; I saw that the nurse had left the room and my heart jumped. I closed my eyes and felt him wrap his arm underneath mine, picking me up and swinging his other arm under my legs. "What the hell are you doing?" I asked as he made his way through the hallways. "She said you couldn't be on you feet, so you're not going to be on your feet." I furrowed my eyebrows, Why the hell is he being so nice. "Because you're my apprentice now...I want you to be my equal so I must treat you as much." I couldn't disagree to that, "Where are you taking me?" "To your quarters. Any more questions?" I took that as a rhetorical question so I stayed silent, letting him take me to my room, briskly walking the hallways. He came to a black door, down a long corridor, opening it to reveal an amazing room. He let me down, checking the hallways before ushering me inside. "Wow." I said as I looked around the room. I hopped over to a counter, holding onto it, balancing myself. I heard a sudden thud against my dresser and looked towards him, he had taken his helmet off. My eyes widened at the sight, seeing him stroke his hand through his axel locks. He turned to me, possibly feeling my eyes on him; I tried so hard to keep my mind blank as his dark amber eyes looked straight into my (E/C) eyes. He didn't look at all like I imagined, he had a very pale complexion, to match his long face. "Are you shocked?" He asked, leaning against the metal dresser, taking off his gloves, yanking at each finger until he slid them off, laying them next to his helmet. "Sort of." I though telling the truth would be better than lying. "I don't blame you." He stated, walking towards me. My heart started drumming against my chest as he strode over. His walk seemed so menacing yet his face didn't match his reputation not his personality. He stopped a couple feet in front of me, "I'll be out for a bit, I need to go to a meeting with General Hux, do-do you need anything while I'm out?" He asked, I saw that it seemed awkward for him to ask the question. "An ice pack would be nice." He nodded his head and walked back over to the dresser, putting his helmet and gloves back on. This was all so odd to me. I shrugged the thought off, making my way towards what I assumed was the bathroom door, it was black stained glass. Opening the door I saw a huge tub with a step up to it. I tried to limp over to the counter, the pain felt very sharp in my ankle as I put a small amount of weight on it. I made it to the tub and turned the knob so it would warm up. I hopped back over to the door on one foot and closed it. I went to the counter, balancing myself once more; god, this is fucking tedious. I stripped out of my clothes, my pants taking awhile since my ankle. Hopping back over to the tub, feeling the water, it was the perfect temperature. I saw that there were bath salts in a glass cabinet. I hopped over and grabbed them, pouring some into the bath, they smelled like lavender and that calmed me. I slid into the tub, sinking down in it as I felt my back pop in several different places. Maybe this place won't be so bad. Chapter 2 I heard my door open to my quarters. Oh shit. "Kylo." I called out, praying that it was him. "Are you in the bath?" I heard his voice, he must've taken off his mask as soon as he walked in. "Um, yeah." "I'll just leave this ice pack on the counter." He said, trying to avoid the bathroom door. "You have clothes in there, right?" I looked around and only saw a black towel and robe hanging up by the door. Getting up out of the tub I unplugged it, letting the water run down the drain. "No, I'll be out in a second, though." I grabbed the towel off the rack and looked out the door, only seeing his figure, turned around; Oh thank god. I grabbed the robe as I wrapped the towel around myself, b-lining across the bathroom. I put the robe on, it was kinda short but not too revealing; I started drying my hair as I walked out of the bathroom. "Sorry, I took so long." I apologized, wringing my hair in the towel, then throwing it back into the bathroom, landing near the laundry basket. "I'm not a very patient person-" He turned to me as I walked up to my dresser. Holy shit, His voice rang through my head; what the hell, that's new. I just ignored it and grabbed some clothes; my only options seemed to be black leggings along with a black tunic. Throwing them on my bed I felt his eyes on me the whole time. "I see your ankles feeling better." He announced, straightening his posture as I walked over to the bathroom, grabbing my bra from my pile of clothes. "I know, damnedest thing, I feel like it's broken when I get into the tub, I get out, feels good as new." I smiled, His expression stayed the same neutral one it had been as my smirk faded. "If you'd excuse me." I said, forming my lips into a thin line, raising my eyebrows. "Oh, yes, sorry." He turned around, facing the door; I didn't know him too well but I felt that I could trust him not to sneak a glance. I got dressed quickly trying to not make him any less impatient than he already was. "I don't think I caught your name before." He turned around as I strapped up my boots. "It's (Y/N)." I looked up at him momentarily then worked on my other boot. "Hmmm, (Y/N)." He seemed to be testing how it settled with his voice. "I like it...now let's not be late for dinner, there are some people I need you to meet." -- We had gotten to a dining hall, all the stormtroopers eating amongst each other, without their helmets, if you didn't double take you wouldn't have thought this was the First Order. Kylo had lead me to a fancier dining room, separating us from the rest of them. There were two people in the room, sitting at a huge table. Kylo took off his helmet, placing it on the table as we sat down. "(Y/N), this is General Hux." Kylo announced as he gestured to a red headed gentleman sitting across from him. "And this is Captain Phasma." Pointing towards a menacing yet quite elegant looking, blonde woman. I nodded towards them, as I stood, leaning over the table to shake their hands. "So, this girl was apparently in Jedi training when you found her?" General Hux questioned Kylo. "Correct, we start training tomorrow." Phasma handed me a glass, pouring red whine into it. I silently thanked her as I took a sip of the drink. I never really admired whine, it was a little too bitter for my taste but this will do, I've had a hell of a day and deserve this. "So, (Y/N), did they give you a lightsaber?" Hux asked, sounding like he was gunning for an insult. "Um, no actually I had just begun my training, I don't even really know my Force powers too well yet." He just nodded as he stabbed at his food, he glared up at Kylo, "So, are you going to give her one tomorrow?" He asked, sounding a little snarky. "No, we need to build one first and that isn't for a long while; you heard her, she had just begun her training." He explained, trying to keep an argument from arising. Without my noticing I finished off my first glass of wine and was into the second as I slid it over to Phasma. She gave me sort of a side smirk as she poured. - I had finished my meal and Phasma and I both finished a bottle of whine together; at this point I was feeling a little tipsy. All throughout the evening Hux seemed to want to start arguments with Kylo but he tried his best to keep calm. Kylo noticed my grogginess and asked if I wanted to go back to my quarters. "Please, I'm getting pretty tired." I yawned, hiccuping in the middle of it. I stood up, all my blood rushing through my body, making me have to stand for a minute to regain my balance and not pass out. "Well, it was a lovely evening; nice to meet you General, Captain." I nodded in respect to both of them as Kylo lead me to my room. "I think that went well." I slurred a little as we walked through the quiet hallways. Kylo had his mask back on; I was honestly hating that thing, it hid such a gorgeous face. "It didn't go as bad as I thought it would." He stopped in front of my quarters, I kind of had to fast walk to keep up with him so I felt a little lightheaded. "Why do you say that." I leaned against my door, standing in front of him. "I really thought Hux would get under your skin tonight but he didn't and I'm surprised to say the least...so, I will see you tomorrow morning at six, I will come over to wake you, my room is right across the hall." He informed me, I just nodded as my door slid open. "Good night, Kylo." I said, before he entered his room. "Have a good evening, (Y/N)." Chapter 3 Summary: "You're too mean, I don't like you, fuck you anyway. You make me wanna scream at the top of me lungs." I woke up to persistent knocking at my door, making me jolt forward. I looked over at my clock it was six AM, right on the nose. "I'm coming, jesus!" I groaned as I got out of bed, walking towards my door. I slid it open to reveal Kylo, of course, who else was I expecting. I was surprised at his attire; he was wearing a black wife beater with black sweatpants. "First off, don't take that tone with me; second off, you need to be ready by six, not just getting up. If it wasn't for me you probably would've been late and we don't want that, do we?" I shook my head, "I can't hear you." "Nope." I said, shaking my head a little fiercer now. "No, what?" "No, Kylo." I said, my voice a little questioning. "No, sir. You will address me as sir until I instruct you otherwise, got it?" "Yes, sir." I nodded towards him. "Now get dressed, we don't have all day." I shut the door as he waited for me in the hallway. Guess he's not much of a morning person, huh; I thought to myself, trying to keep it quiet so he didn't hear me, hopefully. I picked out what looked like training clothes; a pair of light grey joggers, along with a darker grey tank top. I grabbed a pair of sneakers and put them on, tying them as fast as I could. I opened my door, seeing Kylo in the exact same spot. "Alright, come on." He strode down the hallway, I had to fast walk to keep up with him. He lead me to the training room, I would guess. Opening the door, I was taken back, the room looked more like a courtyard mixed with a gym. "Today we'll be working on how to control the Force." I flinched as the doors slammed shut behind us. I looked around, the room was completely secure, no windows, except for a huge sunroof. "You'll be learning how to use manipulation, telepathy, mind reading, and telekinesis; any questions?" He asked, pacing back and forth in front of me. I raised my hand, "You don't need to raise your hand, it's just us." He groaned, pinching the bridge of his nose. "How long are our training sessions?" "Don't worry about it...we'll be working with telekinesis today along with mind reading." - It took me maybe thirty minutes to get a really good hang of telekinesis. "This is fun." I smiled as I raised up a barbell and sat it back down. "It's not fun, it's a power." "Well, having powers like these are fun then." I laughed, I heard him huff in frustration. "Okay, now onto mind reading." - I had gotten mind reading down in about the first minute of us working with it. But the thing I was having most trouble with was breaking through Kylo's resistance. "Let's try again, I'll resist, you just try to maneuver through?" He asked, pulling up a chair and sitting in front of me. "Just concentrate, don't push yourself." I nodded, looking into his dark brown eyes that intimidated me so. I tried to push through his thoughts, I tried but his resistance was too strong, I could feel my head starting to throb how much I was concentrating. "Fuck! I can't do it!" I screamed, flipping my chair over as I stormed off to the door. "(Y/N) get back here!" Kylo yelled. "Fuck you!" I shouted, flipping him off without a second glance. I was about to reach towards the door when I saw it lock and felt all my muscles tense up and stop. What the hell? Shit, it was Kylo. No, no, no, I shouldn't have done that, I really shouldn't have. He turned me around to face him as he stayed in his same spot, standing up from his chair. I felt him pull me towards him, wrapping his hand around my throat when I got to him. He walked over and pushed me up against a wall, his hand supporting my weight as he held me. He wasn't squeezing hard enough to where I couldn't breathe, but hard enough so I was scared. "You do not speak to me that way ever again, you hear me?!" He screamed, bringing me down so I could be eye level, my feet were still dangling as he held me. I nodded, my heart beating out of chest. "I don't think you do, you've been shitty to me since I woke you up, that's your third strike, you need to be punished." His face was inches away from mine as he scanned me up and down. I held onto his hand with both of mine, trying to have some space between my neck and his hand. He pushed me hard into the wall and released me, letting me slam against the floor. He paced back and forth as I sucked in the air that I had missed, holding onto my throat. He stopped in his tracks, craning his neck to the side to look at me. "Get on your knees." He growled, pointing in front of him. "What?" "Don't question me, just do it." Anger took over his voice, making it low and husky. I got up on my knees, sitting on the back of my calves. He walked up to me, brushing his hand through my hair, causing goosebumps to scatter down my body. His hand stopped at the back of my head as he stood above me. My heart was racing as to what he had planned for me. He gripped onto the back of my hair, tugging it backward so I would look up at him. "Being bad and talking back will only make things worse for you, so I guess I better teach you some manners, more so engraining them into you." I swallowed hard as he pulled up on my hair, making me stand. He backed me up against the wall again and did the last thing I expected him to do, he smashed his lips against mine roughly. His hand left my hair and travelled to my joggers, tugging them down to my ankles, the cold air hitting my skin forced me to shudder. He feverishly grabbed the hem of my tank top and pulled it over my head, throwing it across the room. I smiled a little into our kiss and Kylo slapped the side of my thigh harshly, digging his nails into it. "Well, I guess I'm not going to be doing that anymore. You're not supposed to enjoy your punishment." I winced as I felt him break the skin on my thigh, I bit my bottom lip so I didn't show it hurt as much as it did. He let go of me and backed up, bringing his wife beater up and over his head, throwing it with my shirt. He came back to me in a flash, grabbing both my thighs this time, wrapping them around his waist. "I hear one fucking noise out of you and I'll take you from the back." He growled, pressing his forehead against mine. I nodded in agreement. His lips hurriedly claimed my collar bone, nipping and sucking at the skin; I could feel bruises forming as his kisses went across my collarbone. I held my head back against the wall, holding back a moan, biting my own tongue. I hadn't noticed that Kylo had already pushed his sweatpants and boxer briefs down as I felt him rubbing against my underwear. I squeaked a little from anticipation, noticing my mistake I bit the inside of my lip while shutting my eyes, waiting for him to do something. I opened my eyes when nothing happened, just as I did he grabbed ahold of my leg, throwing it over his shoulder as the other stayed around his waist. He looked straight at me, eyes black with lust. "I don't think you'll need these." I felt him tear off my underwear with one pull, letting it crumple to the floor; I almost screamed at how much it stung but I contained it. He pressed himself against my entrance, making me shudder underneath him. He just stared at my face, making me feel uncomfortable, I looked any direction except him. "Beg." He ordered. I looked back at him as if he were crazy. "You heard me, now beg for what you deserve." I felt my face get flushed just thinking about it. "Please, Kylo...fuck me...I want you inside me..." I slightly moaned at the end. He seemed to be examining my expression. "Not good enough." He grabbed my hair into his fist, tugging it back. I screamed a little at how quickly he did it. I felt him push his tip inside me, I moaned a little at the friction. "Fuck...I want your cock inside me so bad, I want you to fuck me into this wall...please, Kylo, I need to be punished...I've been so very bad." His expression was still neutral as he kept silent. I awaited an answer from him but a scream erupted from my lungs as he shoved himself all the way inside me. "Fuck yeah, you have." His thrusts started out aggressive and rough, slamming my back up against the wall as he almost pulled out but quickly burying himself back inside me. I yelped, scratching my nails into his back as he hit a sensitive spot. "I like that sound." He growled, hitting the same spot, forcing me to make the same high pitched squeal. He grabbed my leg off the top of his shoulder, gliding it bake down to his waist as he kept up his merciless torture. I screamed as my back hit the wall too hard. "Be quiet." He hissed, he lead his hand up to my mouth, tracing two of his long fingers across my lips. He paused them into my mouth as I broke the skin on his back. He grimaced as he noticed the pain and almost shoved both his fingers down my throat, it caused me to gag then oh so slightly moan against his fingers. "You like that?" He asked, I noticed beads of sweat starting to sprout across his forehead as his thrusts started getting sloppier and I felt something start to knot up in the pit of my stomach. I nodded slightly as he took his fingers away from my mouth. "What do you say?" He breathed, trying to still sound intimidating, which he was excelling at. "Yes...sir." I whined as his thumb went to my clit, circling it around. I felt myself getting pushed further and further to the edge if he kept up his pace like this. Fuck, I'm gonna cum. "You cum when I say you can." He growled, placing his hand on my throat; this time he was trying to cut off my air. I grabbed at his hand as I felt myself start to get dizzy. I felt as if my foot was dangling off the edge, I was almost there; it seemed like him choking me was turning me on even more. He suddenly let go of my neck; I sucked in a huge breath and moaned loudly, clenching around Kylo as I rode through my orgasm, sinking my nails into his shoulders. He wasn't too far behind, just a few more thrusts and he pulled out, cumming on my stomach, moaning as his sweaty forehead met mine; I raked my hand through his damp hair. He let go, sliding me down the wall. He quickly went over and got dressed, not saying a word. "Be ready for dinner by seven." He exited the training room, leaving me a sweaty mess on the floor. Chapter 4 Summary: "Keep on dreaming, don't stop giving, fight those demons..." -Kylo's POV- I trudged down the hall, back to my quarters. I opened the door, closing and locking it immediately; my face still sweaty and flushed from just a few minutes ago. I felt my heart start to ache and my stomach turning thinking about her. This can't happen, this can't fucking happen! My head started throbbing as I thought of a way to stop these intrusive feelings. She looks so good when she screams, though. Stop, Kylo, she's your apprentice and only that. I paced around, pulling on my hair; I am not one for feelings at all, love is a distraction... wait this couldn't even be love, it could just be a crush, a tiny crush, yeah. But I shouldn't even be feeling that, it's just a distraction and a weakness. I screamed and didn't grab my lightsaber instead I went straight to the wall, driving my fist into it, denting the metal. The pain slowly rose in my knuckles as I calmed down, sitting on the edge of my bed. -Your POV- I got back to my quarters, thinking about what just happened. Man, I should be bad more often. I laughed at my thought as I opened my door; I heard a loud thud from Kylo's room before I went in. I chose not to bother him, he'd probably actually get mad at me. I went in and fell on my bed, feeling a wave of exhaustion flow over me. That sex didn't really mean anything, he doesn't feel that way towards me, no way, that was just rough, get your frustrations out fucking. That's it. I should just stop thinking about it; I looked at the clock and saw it was eleven. My stomach growled loudly. I should go get something to eat. I hopped out of my bed and exited my quarters. Walking through the halls I noticed it was very lonely at this end of the base, I guess Kylo wanted a more private wing. I found the cafeteria, luckily, and saw some stormtroopers were taking a lunch break. I went over to a fridge, I grabbed a protein shake and bag of chips next to the fridge. I could feel the troopers eyes on me as I walked over to a table near the huge window that occupied the area. I turned to look at them as I sat down and they immediately looked away. I turned back, shaking my protein shake before I opened it. I didn't even look to see what kind I got, I glanced at the label, it was vanilla; Meh, not the best. I took a sip and almost spit it out when I saw Kylo walk through the doors. I completely turned my body towards the window, hoping he wouldn't notice me. "Get back to work, immediately." I heard him tell the group of stormtroopers. "Yes, sir." They quickly replied and exited the cafeteria. Once they were gone, I could just feel him boring holes into the back of my head from his stare. I started shaking as I heard his footsteps get closer. The footsteps stopped and I felt relieved, noticing I was holding my breath, I breathed out but it hitched, hearing him slam his helmet down on a nearby table. "Did you not eat breakfast?" He asked, walking closer to me, his hands behind his back. I turned around, not looking at him as I shook my head; I mean he woke me up really early, so I didn't even have time to eat breakfast. He stopped in front of me and squatted down, taking my chin in between his thumb and index finger. "The only times you should be scared of me is when you've been bad, right?" He forced eye contact with me, I gazed into those big, now soft brown eyes, they seemed so inviting at the moment; not like before. "Yes, sir." I answered quietly. "That's a good girl." He turned my head and placed a soft kiss against my cheek. I felt blush run across my face in a flash as he pulled away, standing up. He turned away and went towards his helmet, "Oh, and wear something nice to dinner, I'm thinking a dress." He didn't even turn around as he uttered the words. "Okay." I answered as he put his helmet back on and went back to his duties. I felt where he had kissed, slightly rubbing my hand against it. - It was close to dinner and Kylo had said I was to wear a dress, or he preferred that I wore one. I looked through my closet for the first time and that's all there was, black dresses. Holy shit. I saw a sticky note on the first dress. I took it off, 'Wear this one. -KR.' Was he in my room earlier? What the hell? I shrugged it off, seeing that there was nothing really out of place in my room except that note. I pulled the dress out, it was a simple long black dress, it looked as if bandages were crossing over the chest, which was a cool design in my opinion. I looked down the dress, seeing one side was cut almost all the way to the hip. I threw it on my bed as I stripped out of my clothes, just seeing if it would fit. Grabbing it, I looked myself over in the full body mirror next to my bathroom door. I saw little scabs and bruises on each side of the top of my thigh. I pressed my fingers against the hickeys that had bruised up the back of my neck through the course of the day. I wonder if Kylo has scratch marks on his back, The thought made me shudder. I quickly brushed it off and took the dress, slipping it on easily; it hugged my curves perfectly. I immediately loved it except when I turned to the side, I could see the bruises on my thighs. I bit my lip, thinking Kylo would want to keep what happened a secret between us. I pulled it down but once I pulled it, the neck got tugged down and you could see the hickeys now. I thought for a second, I guess my bruised thigh wouldn't be as bad as a hickey; just Kylo being a little rough while we trained today, literally. I laughed at my thoughts before I looked up at my clock, it was 6:50. I heard a knock at my door, "Come in." I said, just feeling that it was Kylo. He opened the door and seemed to be taken back in shock; I saw he was wearing his regular armor. "I see you wore the dress I wanted." The slyest smirk played across his lips as he walked closer, the door closing behind him. "Why'd you want me to wear a dress." He shrugged, "Just to see how you looked in it." He lifted his hand up and ghosted it down to my neck, tugging at the fabric that covered the hickeys. "Yeah, I like seeing that." He examined them more, turning my head to the side. "Shows that you're mine." "I'm nobody's." As soon as the words came out of my mouth I regretted it, just sensing his rage at the comment. "That's not what it seemed like earlier." He roughly grabbed the side of my neck, I whined a little at how he grabbed me. "Tonight, I'm gonna make you cum so much you'll lose your voice." He growled, bringing me inches away from his face. "What a shame that'll be, your screams and cries turn me on like nothing else." His voice hushed to a whisper as his hand travelled down the dips of my side and grabbing ahold of my waist. My breath caught in my throat as he stuck his finger in the cut of my dress, lifting it to the side. He looked down and saw the bruises he inflicted. I slight smirk crawled across his lips as he moved away from. "Come now, we don't want to be late." From what he said, I knew I was going to be impatient through out this dinner. - Kylo and I made our way to the dining hall, it proving harder to keep up with him in heels. "Kylo, wait up." I said, almost having to jog up to him. He fully stopped and turned to me, I ran right into his chest, stumbling back. He caught me easily, Looking down at me, even though I couldn't see his eyes I could definitely feel them on me. I pressed my palm against his chest to get some room, I could feel his heartbeat connecting with my pulse somehow. I pulled my hand away and stepped back out of his grasp. He hadn't said anything and that frightened me; I'd rather have him yelling at me for running into him rather than this painful silence. He finally turned on his heel and started walking again but a little slower, just so I could keep up with him. Thanks. He looked over and nodded towards me. A group of stormtroopers passed by and I could feel all their eyes on as we went on. My face was flushed with a red tint as their thoughts rang through my head. Damn, Kylo's lucky. What I wouldn't do to that girl. Fuck, I'd kill thousands too to have a piece of ass like that. The thing is, I knew Kylo could hear them too. He turned around in a flash, pushing them back, their bodies flying and crashing into the wall with a hard thud. Did he just stick up for me? Kylo Ren just stuck up for me. "They were being disrespectful towards their superior, that's all." He growled a bit at the end. I went with it, not feeling like making him mad. Chapter 5 Kylo and I made our way to the dining hall, it proving harder to keep up with him in heels. "Kylo, wait up." I said, almost having to jog up to him. He fully stopped and turned to me, I ran right into his chest, stumbling back. He caught me easily, Looking down at me, he wasn't making eye contact, only staring at my forehead; which felt kind of awkward. I pressed my palm against his chest to get some room, I could feel his heartbeat connecting with my pulse somehow. I pulled my hand away and stepped back out of his grasp. He hadn't said anything and that frightened me; I'd rather have him yelling at me for running into him rather than this painful silence. He finally turned on his heel and started walking again but a little slower, just so I could keep up with him. Thanks. He looked over and nodded towards me. A group of stormtroopers passed by and I could feel all their eyes on as we went on. My face was flushed with a red tint as their thoughts rang through my head. Damn, Kylo's lucky. What I wouldn't do to that girl. Fuck, I'd kill thousands too to have a piece of ass like that. The thing is, I knew Kylo could hear them too. He turned around in a flash, pushing them back, their bodies flying and crashing into the wall with a hard thud. Did he just stick up for me? Kylo Ren just stuck up for me. "They were being disrespectful towards their superior, that's all." He growled a bit at the end. I went with it, not feeling like making him mad. - Walking into the dining room that we had been in the previous night, I noticed more people were gathered around the table. Who're these people? I looked up at Kylo, hoping he'd heard me. He looked down at me, then back to the table of people in front of us, talking amongst themselves. Kylo cleared his throat, grabbing their attention. "(Y/N), these are the several other generals that work alongside Hux." He pointed out to me. "This must be the girl you've talked so much about." One of them said as we sat down at the table. I felt a rush of butterflies wave through my stomach at the fact that Kylo talked about me a lot; probably just business-like things, though. "So, (Y/N), was it? How far along were you in your Jedi training?" One of the female General's asked, directing everyone's attention towards me. "I-I had only been there for almost three weeks so they only got around to teaching me hand to hand combat, so-uh, yeah." I felt quite awkward since everyone was paying attention to me, beside Kylo; he was just stirring his spoon around in his soup. "Typical, the Jedi have never trained properly." One of them sneered. I felt my nose crinkle involuntarily in disgust at the comment; I decided to start eating before I said something that would get me in actual trouble. They all started sort of a rant on the Jedi, making my blood boil even more as I suppressed it. Could they shut the fuck up? I tried to keep the thought silent but Kylo glared over at me. I tried to avoid his gaze, staring down at the bowl in front of me. - The dinner had went a little better than I thought, after they finished their Jedi conversation; my mood lightened as they started acting like normal human beings. I actually laughed and smiled a lot through the dinner. I could feel Kylo's eyes on me every time I smiled. Speaking of him, he seemed very reserved through out dinner, not even contributing to the conversations once. I tried to get into his thoughts multiple times but as usual, he blocked me out immediately. I wish he wouldn't do that, I just want to know what's wrong. I sighed as I finished my soup; Kylo noticed and seemed as if he wanted to go. "Well, it's getting pretty late, both (Y/N) and I need to get up early for more training." He announced, standing up from his chair. "Alright, we don't want such a talented girl to go to waste." One of them complimented. Kylo nodded his head for me to follow him after I thanked all them. He kept the same pace as before, heading back to my quarters. I felt an odd aura around him the whole time, I kept examining his face, seeing some sort of pain behind his eyes. I wanted to ask what was wrong but I feared that he'd get super defensive towards me. We got to my room, Kylo opening my door and pulling me inside, shoving my back against the door, crashing his lips against mine aggressively. I pressed my palms against his chest, I tried to push him off me, whining into our kiss. "Kylo...stop." He slammed his fist against my door, forcing me to jump at the sudden action. "Why?" He growled, I saw his eyes were black with what was either lust or anger. My breath was shaky as my palms were still splayed flat on his chest. "I-I...it's just, you seem really angry right now and I d-don't think that we should..." I trailed off, seeing him clench his jaw as his nostrils flared. He ripped away from me and walked around my room, dragging his fingers through his hair. What's his problem? Oh god. He turned and stormed towards me, grabbing ahold of my neck; "You need to learn to keep your thoughts quiet." He spit the words out in disgust before letting me go. He opened my door and barged over to his quarters. "Be ready when I knock on your door tomorrow." "Yeah, sorry about that." "Don't be sorry, just do it." He slammed his door closed, making me flinch. What the hell did I get myself mixed up in? Chapter 6 -Weeks Earlier- "(Y/N), come on, we're working on grappling today." My roommate cooed, excitedly. "I'm coming, just wait for me." I tied up the strings on my ankle boots and stood up. "Alright, let's go...race yah." And before they could realize what I had said, I bolted out of our quarters and down the concrete hallway. I almost ran into some younglings as I whipped around a corner. "Oh, sorry guys." I apologized as I ran by, seeming to scare them breathless. I looked back and saw my roommate was a little ways behind me, lagging from how hard she was laughing. I got outside and saw that we must've been the first to arrive to training today. "We're early, right?" I asked, trying to catch my breath as my roommate arrived. "You'd know that if you were ever on time." She laughed, pushing my shoulder a bit. "Why you gotta call me out like that?" I pushed her back, she glared at, smirking a bit. "You sure you wanna start this?" I nodded, getting into a fighting stance. I raised an eyebrow at her comedically, smirking. She ran towards me and I froze up in fear; suddenly she stopped dead in her tracks. Oh shit, did I do that? I looked over and saw our mentor, along with his Padawan's; a surprised look on our mentors face. I noticed and let her go, I caught her as she fell into me. "Very nice (Y/N), how'd you do that?" He asked, walking up to me. "I-uh, why would you be asking me, you're our mentor." I chuckled softly at the end. "I know, I'm just asking so you know how to harness your powers." "I just froze up and she froze up too." I explained, hoping that was a good answer. "Uh huh." He nodded, seeming to accept the answer. "Alright, well, we have tons of training to do so let's get started shall we-" He stopped and looked up and around, I saw worried looks on the Padawan's faces. I looked up and heard whirring noises above us. "Go alert the others, they're here." Our mentor informed the two beside him. They nodded and ran back towards the building. He grabbed something from his side and handed it to me, I looked and saw it was a lightsaber. "Wh-what's going on? What do we do?" I asked, my voice panicked. "(Y/N), stay with me, (RM/N) go protect the younglings." He ordered both of us. My roommate nodded and head into the building. "What's happening, why'd you hand me a lightsaber?" I asked, still utterly confused. "(Y/N) stay calm and trust me, it's the First Order." I had only heard rumors of them from the Padawan's but hearing that they're actually coming sent a jolt of fear through my body. He started heading out towards the beach and I followed, turning on my lightsaber; it glowed a bright purple. It felt so right in my hands as I waved it around, I felt as if I was I a trance from the light yet extremely destructive weapon. "(Y/N) stay back up there." He scolded me, shooing me towards the building. I went back up, standing next to the pillars with the Padawan's. I felt out of place, the reason I wasn't a Padawan was because I had just came here a few weeks ago; I was the oldest of my group, turning nineteen next week. I was pushed away from my thoughts as I heard Trooper Carriers come down from above. I felt myself start to shake in fear as our mentor came back up, standing next to us as we stood out ground at the entrance. "Stay strong (Y/N), you'll make it out here." My mentor informed, staying positive as always. I nodded to him as the carriers opened, releasing the stormtroopers. I stayed behind a little as the mentors and Padawan's ran towards them, lightsabers in the air. I took a deep breath as I jogged after them, escalating to a run towards an unsuspecting trooper, shoving my lightsaber into his back, letting his slide off of it. I spun around, feeling a blast graze the side of my head. I winced at the heat. I ran towards the trooper, slicing my lightsaber upwards, forcing him to jump back. I stood over him and stabbed my saber through his chest. I felt a sharp pain in the small of my back as someone kicked me from behind, I fell to the ground, dropping my lightsaber as it contracted. The trooper who had kicked me, pointed his blaster toward me before I could reach for my saber. He grabbed my wrist roughly, "Come on, Jedi scum." He spat, shoving me towards the rest of their prisoners; which were just my mentor and a Padawan, the rest were all killed. I tried not to look at their corpses, feeling some defeat in the pit of my stomach. They pushed me to my knees next to the Padawan as I saw troopers start to head into the building. "No!" I yelled, turning around. "Shut up!" A trooper growled, hitting me in the back of the head with the butt of his blaster. I screamed at the pain as my head bowed to my chest as I felt tears pool in my eyes. I heard another ship land as I noticed a warm liquid travel down my neck, it was surely blood. All the troopers around us stood in attention as someone walked out of the ship and onto the beach. They saluted whoever was heading toward us. I looked up and saw a man dressed in all black, standing in front of us. "Should we kill them sir?" A trooper asked. Oh god, this can't be him. "No." His voice was robotic and deep, intimidating me quite a bit. He looked down as if he was examining us. He walked up to me and squatted down. He seemed to be staring at me even though I couldn't see his eyes I could feel them on me. I felt a sharp pain in the corners of my mind as he looked at me, I winced at the discomfort of the feeling. It seemed as if someone was digging through my mind, through my memories and experiences then it was gone, relieving me as I sucked in a deep breath. "Kill the rest of them." He ordered the troopers. "What?! No!" I screamed at him as he stood up. The troopers pointed their blasters at the back of my mentor and the young Padawan next to me. They immediately pulled their triggers, them dropping dead in front of me. "You son of bitch!" I yelled jumping up. They all pointed their blasters at me and I froze, feeling my muscles tense as I couldn't move. "Drop your weapons." He ordered, walking back up to me. "Let that anger fuel you, you'll need it in the future." Everything went black as I fell into someone's arms. Chapter 7 Summary: "You make me wanna scream at the top of my lungs it hurts but I won't fight you." I woke up the next morning to my alarm going off, I looked at the clock, it was 5:30. Oh, thank god. I quickly got up and trudged over to my dresser, feeling exhausted. I grabbed a pair of leggings and a tank top. I didn't have any sports bras and I felt we were probably going to do something besides Force training. I guess I could ask Kylo where I could get some. It wasn't a horrible thought. I walked out of my room, it was quite cold out in the empty hallway, the temperature hitting my bare legs like a ton of bricks. I quickly walked over to Kylo's quarters; I was quite hesitant about knocking but if he was awake he'd probably had already sensed I was outside his door. Ah, what the hell. I knocked on his door, no answer. I waited a second or two then it opened, revealing a very tired and aggravated Kylo Ren. I had never seen him in his night clothes; they were just a simple pair of sweatpants and a plain black shirt. "What is it?" He yawned and scratched his hand through his messy head of hair. "I don't have any sports bras." He raised his eyebrows at me, "Did you check everywhere, they might be in your bathroom." I nodded. "Yeah, thanks, I'll check." I turned on my heel and went back to my quarters, shutting the door behind me. I went and looked into the bathroom and sure enough they were in the closet. I got dressed and ready fairly quick, I waited for Kylo to come and get me. I wonder when we'll build my lightsaber? I pondered to myself as I went to lie back down on my bed; I fell onto the messy sheets, stretching, feeling my back pop in several different places. I heard a knock on my door and quickly stood up, more so jumping out of my bed. "Yeah, I'm coming." I opened the door and sure enough he was there, in a grey wife beater and black sweatpants. He nodded for me to follow him, "So, what're we working on today?" I asked. "Self defense, more hand to hand combat since you don't have a lightsaber yet." He explained, looking straight ahead. There was some silence between us as we headed towards the training room; so I decided to make some conversation. "Hey...so my birthday was a couple weeks ago..." I stated, looking up at him. "Okay..." I frowned a little, feeling childish for even saying that. I knew he wouldn't care. He sighed, "How-how old are you?" I tried to contain a small smile that was forming. "Um nineteen." I said, still holding my smile. "Oh-wow, I didn't know you were that young." He stated. I just nodded as we got to the training room. "So you said you were working on self defense when you were with the Jedi, correct?" He asked, walking over to a small counter in the room. "Yeah." I answered, still looking around the room. "Catch." He got my attention, throwing a roll of wrist tape at me. I caught it and wrapped it around my hands, "So you got boxing gloves or is this bare knuckle?" I asked, throwing the wrist tape back towards the counter. "No need for that, I won't punch you that hard." I couldn't tell if he was joking or being serious; I went with serious depending on his expression. Kylo got into a fighting stance in front of me. I took the hint and did the same. I still had kind of a worried expression on my face. "It was a joke." Kylo relaxed his stance a bit, "I know." I didn't know. "No, you thought I was serious, I was trying to be funny but whatever." He got back into his stance and we started the fight. I really hope he still wasn't mad about last night because if so, I might get my ass beat. He ran towards me and I dodged to the side, bouncing on the balls of my feet, sort of excited about this fight. Kylo turned around, seeming to be pissed off as we circled around each other. He ran towards me again and I punched him square in the jaw. "What the fuck?!" He yelled, holding his cheek as he backed away from me. "Oh my god. I'm so sorry." I ran up to him to see if he was okay. I saw that he wasn't bleeding or anything but he was smiling and that certainly confused me to say the least. He laughed and grabbed around my stomach, lifting me into the air. I screamed at the sudden action and punched his back. "I ain't going down that easy." He slammed me down against the mat, knocking the wind out of my lungs. I groaned as I looked up at him, straddling my thighs with his leg. "You give?" He asked, keeping his fists up as I thought it out. "Never." I grabbed ahold of his wrists and flipped him over so I was on top. I looked down at him as I held his wrists above his head; I liked this angle. We seemed to just be staring at each other rather than fighting at this moment. Kylo inched his hand out of my grasp and lead it to my hip, trailing it up my sides and finally to my cheek, cupping it against his palm. "I'm not very good at things like this but here goes...I'm-I apologize for what happened last night, I was really frustrated and I wanted to take it out on you and now I see that's wrong. You're my apprentice, I shouldn't be treating you as an outlet for my anger...that's why I have my lightsaber." He chuckled awkwardly; I saw that this apology probably made him feel very weak, from the look in his eyes, he looked ashamed. "I forgive you but if we ever want to take things that way again, we go slow, agreed?" I stated, getting off of him. "Agreed." He smiled and I was take back by it; his smiles so...cute? I put my hand out to him to help him up but he refused, getting up himself. "We gotta shake on it or it's not true." I said, putting my hand out to him. He rolled his eyes and took my hand in his. "I was thinking..." He trailed off, letting go of my hand. "What?" "Well, I remember when I first got you-" "Kidnapped me." I devilish smirk splayed across my face as I interrupted him. He snapped his fingers at me, "Better watch it, (Y/N)." I put my hands up passively. "Well you were pretty good with that lightsaber and I was thinking that we could make you one tomorrow...after we finish working on your Force abilities." "Oh my god, yes!" I yelled, excitedly. I ran and jumped onto Kylo, wrapping my arms around his neck in a hug. "Don't make me regret it, okay?" He grabbed me by the shoulders and placed me back down to the floor. "Okay, won't let you down, coach." I saluted him and he just shook his head. "I'd prefer sir." "Yeah, I remember." "That wraps up today's session." He stated, walking over to the door. "We haven't even been her an hour." I complained, running up to him. "I got some board games in my room if you're interested." "Yeah, that sounds fun." I said, a little hesitantly. He doesn't seem to be acting like himself, what's the matter with him. "Come on." He nodded his head toward the door and I followed.