“I hate Valentine’s Day.” “Hmm? Why?” Poe Dameron glanced over at his little brother. B.B. was glaring out of the passenger window of Poe’s car, arms folded, as Poe drove them to school. “It’s stupid .” The fifth grader had a cardboard mailbox of Valentines between his feet—he’d asked to give out ones with cars on them this year—and he kicked at it. “You spill those all over my car, and you’re picking them up,” Poe warned him. “I guess you guys are a little old to be having a class party, but just think about all the cookies and candy you’ll get to eat! By the time you’re a junior like me, you don’t get parties in school.” “Yeah, but you don’t have to give out stupid Valentines to a bunch of stupid girls .” Poe hid a smile, thinking that in a year or two, girls might not seem so stupid to B.B. “I thought you liked your cards. Mom got you the car ones, right?” “Yeah, but I gotta give them away . Maybe someone else will be giving them out too, so I’ll get one to keep.” B.B. cheered up a little. “Poe, do you have a Valentine?” “Nope. Free and single, buddy, that’s the way to be!” B.B. was quiet a minute; then he asked, “Rey’s not your Valentine?” Poe started to laugh, but he quickly held it back when he looked at the intent expression on his little brother’s face. “No,” he assured B.B., “we’re just friends.” “Is she Finn ’s Valentine?” Poe tried not to get exasperated, since there was apparently an important matter hinging on all the questions. “Rey’s not anybody’s Valentine, as far as I know,” Poe insisted. “Why? You’re not trying to find me a girlfriend, are you?” “Ugh, no .” B.B. wrinkled his freckled nose in disgust. “If you had a girlfriend, you’d hang out with her all the time, and I’d never get to see you.” “But I hang out with Rey already, and Finn. The three of us are just friends, buddy, like. . . like the Three Musketeers.” “Three Caballeros,” B.B. corrected automatically. He’d been watching a lot of Disney cartoons lately. “You’re José, and Finn is Panchito, and Rey is Donald, because she’s funny when she gets mad.” “Don’t let Rey hear you say that, or it won’t be so funny anymore. Anyway, what’s all this about Rey?” Poe prompted. B.B. scuffed the toe of his sneaker against the cardboard box; then he reached in and pulled out an envelope slightly bigger than the others. “Will. . . will you give this to Rey? And don’t look at it .” He turned his eyes, so dark brown they were nearly black, on his older brother with a glare. “Sure, buddy. And I won’t look, I promise.” Poe took the card and stuck it in the pocket of his shirt. “So you want Rey to be your Valentine, hunh?” “No,” B.B. retorted. “I just. . . had a card left over, s’all.” “Okay then.” Poe decided not to tease him; he remembered being that age too. And having a crush never gets easier, either , he thought. Poe dropped B.B. and his cardboard mailbox off in front of the elementary building of the private school they both attended, then drove around back to the student parking lot. It was pretty warm for February, and a few students were standing outside for their last minutes of freedom before the bell. Poe didn’t see any of his own friends, though, so he went on in to his locker. As he gathered his books for his first class, Poe heard his name being called. He looked up to see Finn and Rey approaching him. “Hey guys.” Poe grinned at them. “We still on for tonight?” Rey nodded, although Finn looked a bit unsure. “You sure they’ll let us in as a, uh, threesome?” Finn asked. “Usually a date is just two people. . . .” “They have to,” Rey declared. “Otherwise, it’s discrimination. Just like they have to let in gay couples.” She paused. “Besides, if Principal Organa’s going to make stupid rules like you can’t get in to a Valentine’s dance without a date, she should expect to have those rules exploited.” Poe shrugged as he closed his locker. “Fair enough.” “I still don’t know why you didn’t just get your own date,” Finn told him. “You could have had your pick— everybody likes you.” “What if my pick was Rey?” Poe challenged, although he was smirking. “What then?” Finn gave him a (mostly) mock glare, until Rey said primly, “You’re assuming I would have said yes.” “ Wrecked ,” crowed Finn, while Poe pretended that the comment had wounded his ego. Truth be told, he really could have had a date easily enough, but not from anyone he particularly cared about dating. It just made more sense to go with his two best friends. “Oh, Rey, I forgot.” Poe reached into his shirt pocket and pulled out the envelope from his little brother. “B.B. wanted me to give you this. I think it’s a Valentine.” “Aww, that’s sweet of him.” Rey took the envelope and opened it. She read the card inside, which had a plain red heart on the front. “ Awwww .” “What? What’s it say?” Finn asked, trying to look over her shoulder. Rey shielded the card from him, then slid it back into the envelope. “None of your business.” She smiled at Poe. “Tell him thank you.” “Sure,” Poe nodded, although he kind of wanted to see what it said too. The warning bell rang, signaling they had three minutes to get to homeroom. Finn gave the other two a mock salute and headed off for his room while Rey and Poe went to theirs. They both sat on the second row by choice—not too eager to be there like the tall, preppy blonde in front of Poe, but not acting like slackers either. That role was quite adequately filled by the boy who stalked in at the last possible moment before the final bell rang. Poe smiled at him—a tall, long-haired kid who always wore black—but just got a hostile glare in return. Rey rolled her eyes as the boy went to the back of the room and slouched into a desk in the corner. “I don’t know why you bother being nice to Ben,” Rey whispered to Poe. “He’s such a jerk.” “Don’t let him hear you call him ‘Ben,’” Poe returned, mostly to avoid addressing the rest of her statement. “Why? It’s his name.” Rey rolled her eyes again then sat back in her chair and fell silent before their homeroom teacher caught on and scolded them for talking. Poe hoped that would be the end of it, but ten minutes later, when homeroom was over and some of the class got up to change rooms, Rey picked right up where she had left off. She and Poe both had their first class, pre-calculus, in that same classroom, although today Poe wished he had an excuse to get away from her. “Seriously, why does everyone call him by his Internet nickname anyway?” Rey murmured. She glanced back at the boy in question. He had pre-cal with them too. “Because he told us to. Rey, I know you’re new around here, but you’ve been in school with him for six months now,” Poe hissed. “You’ve seen how Kylo acts when he doesn’t get his way.” “He acts like a little bitch. So what?” Rey persisted. Poe cringed a bit at her pronouncement, but well. . . she wasn’t wrong. “Just because he’s the principal’s son doesn’t mean someone shouldn’t call him out on it. Why does everyone put up with him?” “It’s not because he’s Principal Organa’s son.” The blond girl in front of Poe turned around and arched a carefully-penciled eyebrow at Rey. “You really think we care about that?” Rey gave her a deadpan look. “As a matter of fact, yes. You’re still angling to be valedictorian next year, right, Phasma?” Phasma—whose real name was actually Phoebe Masterson, so at least her nickname made some sense—narrowed her eyes at the other girl. “I don’t need the principal to like me to accomplish that ,” Phasma retorted. “My GPA is all that matters.” “Yeah, so why do you hang out with ‘Kylo’ sometimes?” Rey made air quotes around the nickname. “He’s actually very smart,” Phasma returned, “and he can be fun. Occasionally.” She looked back at Kylo and frowned. “Not today, apparently. He’s pissed about something.” Poe had kept quiet; he didn’t like getting involved in arguments, especially arguments between girls. But now, looking over Phasma’s pretty, if rather severe, face, he asked, “Are you going to the dance with him tonight?” “What? No.” Phasma turned her cool gaze on him. “I’m going with Hux.” “The SGA president. You’re so not angling for anything,” Rey said sarcastically. Phasma glared at her again then looked back at Poe. “Why? You’re not trying to find a last-minute date, are you?” Phasma asked him. “Because you’re cute and all, but you’re not my type. If you were, I’d dump Hux right this minute.” Poe felt himself blush as he muttered, “ No , I wasn’t asking you out. I just wondered.” Phasma gave him a critical, appraising look then finally turned back around to face the front of the room. A moment later, as their teacher started class, Rey slipped a note to Poe. “You’re not her type because her type is JERK,” it read. Poe grinned. -- After class, Kylo waited until most of the other students had left before getting up. He would probably be late to Mr. Ackbar’s biology lab, but he didn’t especially care. Ackbar was close friends with Kylo’s mother, so annoying him would actually be sort of a bright spot in what was otherwise a rotten day. Phasma left as soon as the bell rang. Good, even if she did glance back at him as she walked out. Kylo knew they’d been talking about him, her and Rey and Poe, and he didn’t feel like knowing what they said. Phasma was all right, sometimes, but she could also be nosy, especially on Valentine’s Day. Especially when there was a dance that night. As Kylo slung his backpack over one shoulder, he eyed Poe and Rey who were standing near the door, talking. Leave, leave, leave, he thought at them, but they didn’t budge. Rey annoyed him precisely because she didn’t take any shit from him (or from anyone else, for that matter). She had just transferred in at the start of the school year, yet somehow she had been immediately swept into the social circle of the most popular guy in the entire school. Just like Finn, Finn who had for years hung around with Hux, Phasma, and occasionally Kylo, only to be suddenly best friends with Poe once Finn decided to ditch them. In only a few months, Poe, Rey, and Finn had become an inseparable triangle, and they were even all going to that damned dance together. All three of them, like a menage à tois or something. Kylo would have died before he suggested something like that to Phasma and Hux. Even if that meant he didn’t have a date and therefore couldn’t get in, despite the fact that his mother was making him attend. It was the kind of thing that just seemed to happen with his mother: her making him do something even if it violated her own rules. Apparently, she took it for granted that just because she had been popular as a teenager, her son wouldn’t have trouble getting a date. Or that her son wouldn’t have trouble even asking someone on a date. Or that her son wouldn’t have a crush on another boy who was so popular he could have any girl, and probably half of the guys, in school as a date if he wanted, and he apparently didn’t want a date since he was going with his two best friends instead, and if Poe and Rey didn’t get away from the door so Kylo could leave the room, he was going to throw something. Finally , they moved, Rey holding her math book and notebook to her chest and smiling at something Poe was saying. Kylo followed them out at a discreet distance then ducked past them to get to his next class. -- At lunch, Finn told Rey and Poe about the fireworks they had missed because they took chemistry instead of biology. Kylo had been late to class, and not for the first time, which resulted in a scolding from the ruddy-complexioned teacher, Mr. Ackbar. That would have been the end of it, since Ackbar was rather easy-going. . . except Kylo had exploded. “I mean, I’ve seen him mad before, but he was mad ,” Finn chuckled around a mouthful of school cafeteria pizza. “He must’ve already been pissed off before he got in there, or something. He just started screaming at poor old Ackbar and nearly knocked a desk over. Ackbar sent him to the principal, and she gave him detention this afternoon.” Finn was by now laughing so hard, he had to put the pizza down to recover. “Getting detention from your own mom! That’s gotta suck .” “C’mon, Finn, it’s not that funny,” Poe said. “Yeah, it’s Kylo’s own fault, but detention on a Friday, and it’s Valentine’s Day. . . it does suck.” “You’re too nice for your own good, bro,” Finn sighed, wiping a tear of laughter from his eye. “Kylo deserved it,” Rey said to Poe. “And he was rude to you already today—why are you sticking up for him?” “I-I’m not,” Poe protested. “I mean, I’ve been in arguments with him before. Yeah, he can be a jerk and a bully. But maybe he’s got. . . I dunno, social anxiety or something. Maybe there’s a reason.” Rey sighed, “I guess you’re right. But so is Finn—you are too nice for your own good.” -- To be continued Chapter 2 By the end of the day, Poe had received three anonymous Valentines in his locker. All seemed to be from girls, judging from the handwriting, the heart and flower stickers, and the smell of perfume coming off of one of them. Poe couldn’t help being flattered, but none of the cards was particularly exciting to him. He stuck them in his pre-cal book and started for the parking lot. B.B. was going home with a friend for dinner, so Poe took his time instead of hurrying to pick up his little brother. The dance didn’t start until seven, and Poe was thinking about heading to Starbucks for a while to get the weekend’s math homework out of the way early. Then he passed the wide double doors to the library, where afternoon detention was held. Poe stopped, looked down at his pre-cal book, then glanced back at the doors. In spite of how Kylo had glared at him that morning, Poe kept thinking about what Phasma had said: He’s actually very smart, and he can be fun. Finally, Poe turned back and went in the library. Kylo was sitting at one of the large, hardwood tables in the center of the room, lined on either side by rows of bookshelves. He was scowling—his default expression, it seemed—and he was alone. No one else was crazy enough to be studying in the library on a Friday afternoon, and detention was usually only supervised by the school secretary checking in every few minutes. When Poe came in, Kylo looked up. For an instant, he quit glaring, taking on a surprised look instead. Then he regulated his expression and scowled down at the table once more. Poe was tempted just to turn around and leave, but he reminded himself that he was the guy too nice for his own good. “Hey,” Poe said. Kylo was sitting at the middle of the table, so Poe sat down at one end. “What’re you doing here?” Kylo growled. He didn’t raise his head but did cast his eyes down toward Poe’s end of the table. “Come by to make fun of me?” “What? No!” Poe blinked at him. “Why would you think that?” “Hux already has. Why else would you be in here?” “To do my homework,” Poe replied, at the same time wondering why Hux would be such a jerk. “On a Friday afternoon? I mean, I knew you were perfect, but not that perfect.” Kylo was looking at Poe like he was some kind of alien. “I-I just wanted to get it out of the way,” Poe muttered; then they both fell silent when they heard the secretary’s footsteps approaching outside. Poe smiled at him when he peeked in the doors, but at the same time, he was wondering, Perfect? What does he mean by that? “Anyway,” Poe went on after the secretary was gone, “I want to be able to enjoy myself tonight.” Kylo made a noise that sounded like “hmph,” but his expression wasn’t quite as hostile as before as he said, “I heard you were going with Rey and Finn. All three of you.” “Yeah.” Poe opened his pre-cal book to at least make a pretense of thinking about homework. He had forgotten about the secret-admirer Valentines until Kylo glared at those too. “You got all those today?” When Poe nodded, blushing a little, Kylo went on, “Then why’re you going to a dance with your friends ? You could have gotten a real date.” “Not with anyone I’d want to go with,” mumbled Poe. He was starting to wish he hadn’t come in the library at all, but at the same time, at least Kylo was talking to him. “Are you kidding?” Kylo looked down at the table again and rocked his chair on its back legs. He gripped the edge of the table with his long, pale fingers, and Poe noticed he had black polish on both of his ring fingernails. He jerked his eyes away from Kylo’s hands to stare at his face when the other boy muttered, “ Anybody would want to go out with you.” “You. . . really think so?” Poe felt his heartbeat speed up a little. Kylo just shrugged his broad shoulders and kept looking at the table. Poe gave his math book a precursory glance then gave up on pretending to be interested in it. “Who are you going with?” he asked instead. This time, Kylo was the one to blush. Poe watched, fascinated, as the white skin over his cheekbones soaked up the pink color. “I’m not,” Kylo muttered. “Not what? Not going?” “Nope.” Kylo let go of the table, and the front legs of his chair came down on the floor again with a bang. “Mom thinks I am. She’s trying to make me, but I don’t have a date, so I’m gonna leave the house and just ride around the whole time.” As he stared at the other boy, Poe tried and failed to imagine deceiving his own mother that way. “Won’t she find out?" Poe finally asked. "I mean, the chaperones will probably notice if you’re not there, since you’re the principal’s kid.” Kylo shrugged again and said, “I’ll worry about that later. Mom’s already pissed at me for bitching at Ackbar, so it won’t matter. Just another reason for her to hate me.” “Oh come on, your own mother doesn’t hate you.” Being a teenager himself, Poe was well acquainted with hyperbole, but Kylo seemed to be overdoing it with the drama. When the larger boy didn’t respond, Poe thought back to something else Kylo had said. “Uh. . . why don’t you have a date? Don’t you want to go?” “Why should I?” Kylo snapped. “It’s a stupid school dance.” “Yeah, but your friends are going.” Poe realized that probably wasn’t the best thing to say, since it wasn’t clear that Hux and Phasma really were Kylo’s friends. Poe hurried on, “And I mean, they say this is the best time of our lives, right? You’ll regret it later if you miss out on things.” “You’re such a dork,” Kylo accused. . . but he looked at Poe with what might have been the trace of a smile. “Come on, find yourself a date and go,” Poe coaxed. “That way, you won’t get in more trouble with your mom, and maybe it’ll be fun. And if not, you can stand around in the dark and listen to music. Because that’s what I imagine you do with your time anyway.” This time, Kylo really did smile a little, although he hid it quickly. “Well. . . yeah, although not the kind of music they’d play at a dance ,” he grumbled. “And I’m not gonna find a date now . It starts in like, three hours.” He turned back to the table and drummed his fingers on it. Poe watched his fingers, eyes drawn to the single painted nail on each hand. “I’ll be your date.” The words came out of Poe’s mouth before he even knew he was thinking them. Of course, it was what he’d wanted all along, ever since the dance was announced two weeks ago, but he hadn’t actually intended to suggest it. “What?” Kylo was staring at him. Poe stared back, rather horrified at what he had blurted out. Then he noticed Kylo’s face getting even redder than before. “But. . . but you’re going with Rey,” Kylo stammered. “And Finn.” Poe hesitated then plunged ahead. “S-so, they can still go together. This way, all of us can get in.” “I. . . .” Kylo swallowed and licked his lips. Poe found himself staring at the other boy’s mouth as Kylo asked, “You’re. . . you’re sure ?” Poe nodded. “. . . Okay.” Kylo looked down at his hands then back up at Poe. “I. . . what time do you want me to come pick you up?” “Oh. . . .” Poe had assumed they would just meet at the school that night, like he, Rey, and Finn had planned to do. “Quarter to seven, I. . . I guess? Is that okay?” “Yeah. I’ll need your address.” “Oh, yeah. Here.” Poe pulled a piece of paper out of his math notebook and wrote his address on it. He hesitated, pencil wavering over the paper, then added his phone number before shoving the paper in Kylo’s direction. “I—I put my phone number on it. In case something comes up.” “Okay, I’ll text you so you have mine. Uh, once I get out of here.” At the questioning look Poe gave him, Kylo smirked. “You’ve never had detention before, have you? You have to turn in your phone while you’re in here.” “Oh. Yeah, I guess that makes sense.” Poe closed his pre-cal book on the now forgotten Valentines he’d received. “I’d better go. I need to get something to eat before I get ready.” “My time’s almost up anyway,” Kylo commented; then he eyed Poe’s textbook. “You didn’t get your homework done.” “Oh. . . no. I guess not.” Poe gave the book a sheepish look. “I’ll. . . see you tonight then?” Kylo didn’t look at him as he muttered, “Yeah. I’ll see you.” -- Poe didn’t really believe that Kylo was going to text him, but he got a message about half an hour later. It just read “This is Kylo,” and the other boy didn’t respond when Poe texted back a smiley emoji, but at least it was something. After dinner, Poe took a shower and got dressed. He didn’t know how to tell Finn and Rey that he had a date after all—and especially not who it was—so he waited until almost six before finally texting them to go in without him if they got there first, because he was going to the dance with someone. He decided to ignore all the texts they sent in response, demanding to know who his mystery date was. As six o’clock came and went, Poe started to worry. What if Kylo changed his mind? What if he stood Poe up? Kylo had acted like a jerk in the past, and he had been glaring at Poe just that morning. If he doesn’t show, it’s no big deal, Poe told himself. I can probably still make it in time to meet up with Rey and Finn, and if I don’t. . . well, it’s just a silly little dance. Yeah, missing the dance wouldn’t upset him too much. . . but he couldn’t tell himself it wouldn’t hurt his feelings if Kylo didn’t show up. At 6:40, Poe was at his front door, peering out one of the narrow windows on either side. His phone buzzed for about the hundredth time, and he checked it reflexively. Not Kylo, Finn. Again. By 6:43, Poe had convinced himself that Kylo wasn’t coming. Then, at exactly 6:45, Poe saw headlights turning in to his driveway. -- Kylo had driven by Poe’s house three times before turning in. For one thing, he got there early and needed to kill a few minutes, and for another, he wasn’t sure he could do it. What if it was all a joke, and Poe was going to make fun of him—or worse, what if Poe had already left and was standing him up? Kylo really thought Poe was too nice to do something like that, just like he hadn’t really thought Poe had turned up in the library to laugh at him. But maybe Poe had changed his mind about the whole thing. Why would he want to go to a dance with Kylo anyway? He was just trying to be nice to me, Kylo thought. He probably never thought I would agree. But then it was 6:45, and Poe’s house was right there, and Kylo had promised he’d be there. He turned in, and before he even had the car in park, the door to the house was opening, and Poe was coming outside. “Hey!” Poe smiled at Kylo as he got into the passenger seat. His smile was white and perfect, just like his dark brown, wavy hair was perfect, and his warm brown eyes were perfect, eyes that always managed to look like they were half-closed, as if Poe were sleepy or trying to be seductive. Not that he’d have to try very hard. Christ, he even smells good, Kylo thought. “Hey,” he muttered as he turned back to the steering wheel and put the car in drive. “I like your car,” Poe said, looking around at the interior. “It’s way nicer than mine.” “Thanks.” Kylo tried to think of something to say as he drove them to the school, but nothing suitable came to mind. He wanted to tell Poe how nice he looked—and he did , wearing a jacket with his navy blue shirt tucked into slim-fitting black jeans that showed off his legs—but saying so might be implying Kylo thought this was more than what it was: a mercy date. I really should have told him no, Kylo thought. Poe didn’t say anything else until they got to the school. Kylo parked, and they both got out and looked over at the gym, where all the school dances took place. A couple kids were standing around outside, but almost everyone had already gone in. Kylo hung back by his car when Poe started to walk toward the gym. The smaller boy stopped and looked back at him. “Something wrong?” Poe asked. “You know they’re going to make fun of you,” Kylo said. He hadn’t really meant to say it, but it was one of many things making him anxious. “Who is?” Poe turned to face him. Kylo shrugged. “Everybody.” “For what?” A faint smile curled Poe’s mouth. “For going to a dance with another guy?” “Maybe. But I meant for going with me .” Kylo leaned against the car door and tried his best to glare. He must have succeeded, for Poe suddenly scowled at him. “Oh really?” Poe asked in a scathing tone. “More like they’re gonna make fun of you for going with me .” Kylo blinked, and Poe went on, “That’s what’s really bugging you, right? What your friends are going to say about you being desperate.” “Hunh?” Kylo clenched his jaw as the word “desperate” sank in, and he stepped away from the car, gripping his hands into fists. “I’m not desperate . This was all your idea, remember? I didn’t even want to go!” “Then why’d you say yes?” Poe retorted. “You think you’re so cool, so what’re you doing here with a dork like me?” “A dork, you? You’re like, the most popular guy in our whole class!” Kylo spat at him. “You think you’re doing me some huge favor—well, you’re not! Just because you’re cute and everyone likes you doesn’t mean I want your pity!” Poe’s mouth had opened, probably to level another insult at Kylo, but now it just stayed like that for a second. Finally, Poe mumbled, “Whoa, whoa, slow down. First of all, you called me a dork this afternoon. I didn’t come up with that all on my own.” “I did?” Kylo tried to remember. He wanted to stay mad at Poe, but it was difficult. “Oh. I. . . guess I did. But I didn’t mean it like that kind of dork.” Poe’s mouth twitched, as if he were trying not to smile. “Okay, whatever. Second. You’re so full of yourself, you think I’m here because I feel sorry for you? You’re taking the emo act a little too far to assume I’d waste my Friday night on a mercy date.” Kylo felt his face get hot to hear Poe use the exact phrase he had been thinking of. “I didn’t say—” “Shut up, I’m not finished,” Poe interrupted him. . . and then he did smile. “Third. You really think I’m cute?” Kylo shut his mouth so hard, his teeth clacked together. He hadn’t said that . . . had he? . . . Yeah. Yeah, he had. Damn it. When Kylo didn’t answer, Poe took another step toward him, still smiling. “Well? Do you?” Kylo pressed back against his car again and stammered, “Y-yeah. So? Everybody thinks you’re cute.” Poe ignored the last half of Kylo’s reply and said, “I think you’re cute too.” A million responses came to mind, but all Kylo could manage was a choked, “Really?” “Yeah,” Poe nodded. “You look nice.” Kylo’s mind was so blown, he had to look down to remember what he wearing: a black sweater in deference to the weather, which had turned chilly after the sun set. “So do you,” he muttered when he looked back up at Poe. “Then are you coming in with me? No one’s going to make fun of either of us, I promise. Not if we both look so nice.” Poe was grinning, but Kylo still wasn’t convinced—that no one would make fun of them, that is. Poe had , however, convinced him to go inside to the dance. -- To be continued Chapter 3 As he and Kylo walked into the gym, Poe felt a little bit like Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer in the old Christmas special: “She thinks I’m cuuuuuute!” He managed to keep it to himself, but he kept hearing Kylo’s deep voice in his mind, saying it in the midst of yelling at Poe: Just because you’re cute. . . . None of the other kids was paying attention when they came in together. Poe was secretly relieved; he really wasn’t so sure no one would make fun of them, and he didn’t want Kylo getting mad. The two faculty chaperones who were checking everyone at the door for both dates and appropriate dress gave them odd looks but didn’t comment. As Rey had pointed out, to say anything about a same-sex couple would be discrimination, and what’s more, to say anything about Principal Organa’s son would be bad for their job security. Kylo glared at the two men, and when the boys were past, he grumbled to Poe, “Ugh, Gunray and Haako. I can’t stand them. You ever had Gunray for anything?” “No.” Poe glanced back at the two, who now seemed to be bickering with each other about something. “He teaches poli-sci, right? I’m taking that next year.” “Yeah, and I had him for government a few years ago. Haako’s his teaching assistant, and he’s not so bad on his own. But together. . . .” Kylo trailed off as they came to a stop near a set of bleachers. Although the gym was pretty full, no one had noticed them yet in the dim lighting, which had been lowered to give the place as much romantic atmosphere as a school gym could offer. “Gunray hates my mom,” Kylo went on with a little smirk. “But of course he sucks up to her because he likes having a job, so I can get away with all kinds of stuff in his classes. I’m taking him next year too just because of that, even though he’s annoying.” “Let me guess, you’ll sit in the back of the room and glare at everything,” Poe teased him. “You’ll have to explain how that’s getting away with more than what you normally do.” Kylo looked down at him appraisingly, likely trying to figure out if Poe were trying to be mean or just funny. He apparently decided on funny, because his smirk shifted into an actual smile, albeit a small one. “Well, there’s an art to slacking off,” he declared. “ You wouldn’t know about it. Dork.” Poe laughed and was about to reply when he looked past Kylo to see Rey and Finn approaching them. Normally, he would have been happy to see his friends, but now they made him nervous. Poe was unsure of how they would react to Kylo. . . and he to them. “There you are!” Finn called to Poe. “Dude, we thought you were skipping out on us! Don’t tell me you actually found a date .” He didn’t seem to have noticed Kylo—until Rey jabbed Finn in the side and made a shushing noise. Kylo turned to look at them too. Poe glanced up at him, afraid of seeing an angry expression on the taller boy’s pale face, but there was none. Instead, he looked apprehensive, almost scared. “Oh!” gulped Finn. As he and Rey stopped in front of them, Finn looked from Poe to Kylo and back again, utter bewilderment on his face. Rey had a bit more self-possession. “Hey,” she said to Poe; then she looked up at his date. “Hey, Kylo.” “Hey,” Kylo mumbled as Poe silently blessed Rey for her tact. Not only was she being polite despite her earlier declarations that Kylo was a jerk, she had even called him by his preferred name. Still, Poe felt like he needed to explain, “We decided to come together so we could both get in.” “That makes sense,” Finn managed to say, despite still looking very confused. “Oh, Poe, before I forget!” Rey pulled a small envelope out of the back pocket of her jeans and held it out. “I need to give you this.” Poe took it, noticing she had drawn a little red heart on the sealed flap. He shot her a questioning look, and beside him, Kylo folded his arms across his chest and scowled. Rey smiled. “It’s for B.B.” “Ohhh, okay,” Poe chuckled and put the Valentine in his own pocket. “I’ll give it to him. Tomorrow if he’s not still up when I get home.” “Thanks.” Rey glanced up at Finn, then took his arm as she said, “Hey, let’s go dance. We should get in a few fast songs before they start with the slow, boring ones.” Finn looked both grateful and relieved to have an excuse to escape Kylo and Poe. “Sure! You know what an awesome dancer I am.” He chuckled and added to Poe, “Catch you later, bro. Uh. . . .” Finn gave Kylo an awkward nod before he escaped with Rey. Poe wasn’t quite sure what to say when they were gone, so he mumbled, “That was sweet of Rey. B.B. had a Valentine for her this morning.” “He’s your little brother, right?” Kylo asked. “I thought maybe Rey had brought that card for you.” “Yeah, he’s my brother. He has a little crush on Rey, I think.” Poe looked up at Kylo, wondering if he had actually been jealous of Rey. Kylo had his hands shoved in his pockets and was looking away from Poe, out across the gym. The DJ—a recent graduate who earned extra money doing the lighting and sound at school functions—was playing fast dance and rap songs, accompanied by occasional strobe lights. Kylo winced when they started flashing. “I hate those things,” he muttered. “And this music.” “This really isn’t your scene, is it?” Poe smirked, but then Kylo looked at him with an expression that was almost apologetic. “I. . . I’m sorry,” Kylo mumbled. “All I’m doing is complaining.” “It’s okay.” Poe reached out to pat him on the arm and ended up resting his hand on the soft sweater covering Kylo’s bicep. The larger boy’s arm felt surprisingly muscular, surprisingly good, and Poe had to force himself to drop his hand. -- Kylo managed not to flinch when Poe touched his arm. He didn’t like being touched, usually, but it wasn’t so bad coming from Poe. In fact, it was kind of nice. Finally the horrendous dance mix playing came to an end. The DJ put on a slower pop song, which was marginally better—until Kylo realized it was one of what Rey had called the “boring” songs that couples slow-danced to. Before, only the more adventurous kids were out dancing to the fast music, while the rest stood around talking and flirting. But now, the gym floor filled up with people and their dates. Everyone seemed to be dancing except for Kylo. . . and Poe, who was still standing right there with him. “You don’t have to stay here,” Kylo muttered. “Go dance with somebody.” Poe gave him a half-hearted nod, shifted as if he were going to walk away, then stopped and turned to face him instead. “Well, you’re my date,” Poe pointed out, “so I should be dancing with you .” Kylo felt his face heat up, and he was glad it was too dark for Poe to see him blush. “You. . . don’t have to,” he told Poe. Poe smiled a little. “Please?” Kylo couldn’t resist any longer and stammered, “O-okay.” He took a few steps out onto the gym floor and looked back as Poe followed him. Kylo didn’t really know anything about dancing, but the slow dancing everyone else was doing seemed to be just swaying back and forth. That wouldn’t be too hard. . . or at least, it wouldn’t have been if it wasn’t swaying back and forth with Poe Dameron. Kylo faced his date and reached out awkwardly. Most of the guys dancing with girls had their hands on their partners’ waists, and Poe was smaller than Kylo, so. . . . His hands shook a little as he put them on Poe’s waist. Then Poe reached up and put his arms around Kylo’s neck, just like the girls had done with the other boys. Kylo shivered involuntarily, even though Poe’s arms felt warm through his sleeves. His waist was firm, and when Kylo slid his hands down a little, he could feel the tops of Poe’s hip bones under his jeans. Poe felt good . They started to dance, swaying a little as they picked up each other’s rhythm. It really wasn’t difficult, especially once Kylo got used to how Poe felt and moved. In fact, it seemed natural. Kylo found himself moving a little closer, slipping his arms around Poe to rest them on his waist. Poe’s own arms tightened on Kylo’s shoulders. And then Kylo realized Poe was singing along with the song in a murmur as they swayed back and forth: I’m gonna love you like I’m gonna lose you, I’m gonna hold you like I’m saying goodbye. . . . Kylo would have been embarrassed to be caught singing, but when Poe glanced up at him and saw him watching, he just smiled and kept singing. I won’t take you for granted. . . . Being that cute should be illegal, Kylo decided. -- Poe never would have admitted it, not even to Rey and Finn, but he sort of liked Meghan Trainor’s music. He couldn’t help singing along, especially since it kept him from being too nervous about dancing with Kylo, but he thought he was doing it under his breath. . . until he glanced up and saw that the taller boy was watching him. It was too late for Poe to pretend he hadn’t been doing it, so he just kept on going with a smile. It was how he usually reacted to adversity: smile and make the best of it. And Kylo smiled back, a real smile this time, not a half-hearted one or a smirk. Poe couldn’t ever remember seeing him look happy before, and it changed Kylo’s demeanor entirely. He wasn’t just cute in a grumpy way anymore; he was actually handsome . Poe couldn’t look away until Kylo broke eye contact first. They pulled apart after the song ended and went back to standing by the bleachers. Finn and Rey returned at one point—apparently after Rey had lectured Finn on acting like everything was normal, because he was his usual jocular self after that. Nevertheless, when Poe offered to dance the next slow dance with Rey, the determined look on her face made him regret it. But she accepted, and after that, there was nothing to do but go out there with her, leaving Finn standing beside Kylo and both of them looking like they’d rather be anywhere else. Rey moved back and forth in Poe’s loose hold, staring at him until he gave in. “Okay, what ?” he groaned. “You know what! Are you and Ben—Kylo, whatever, going together?” “No!” Poe felt himself blush and hoped it was too dark for her to notice. “It’s just like I said. I ran into him in the library, and he wasn’t going to come tonight because he didn’t have a date. So since you and Finn could still go together, I offered to be his date. Just so he could get in. Because his mother was making him come, but she didn’t know he didn’t have a date.” “Poe. You’re talking too much.” Rey narrowed her eyes at him with that searching look she got sometimes. “If you’re going out with him, you can tell me.” “I’m not ,” Poe protested. “Look, you said yourself he was being rude to me this morning. Why would he be rude to me if we were going together?” “Why would you ask him out after he was rude to you?” she countered. “I didn’t ask him out! I just—it’s just. . . .” “A mercy date?” Rey raised her eyebrow. “You being too nice for your own good, like always?” It would have been easy to say yes. . . way too easy, in fact. But Poe couldn’t do it, not after telling Kylo Poe wasn’t there with him out of pity. And anyway, saying yes would have been lying to Rey, something both Finn and Poe knew better than to do. “No,” Poe finally sighed. “It’s not that either. Look. I like him, okay? Just—just don’t tell Finn! Or anybody.” Rey rolled her eyes. “Duh. It’s pretty obvious.” “It. . . it is?” Poe swallowed hard. “Well, to me,” she amended. “Only because I pay attention to details. Finn’s not going to notice, trust me.” “ What details?” Poe persisted. “Do. . . do you think Kylo noticed?” “Him? Ha. He’s so wrapped up in himself, I’m surprised he knows anyone else even exists. But to answer your other question. . . .” Rey looked over Poe’s shoulder at Kylo, then back at Poe. “Today, when you smiled at him and he glared at you, you looked like someone had just—just kicked a puppy in front of you or something. Then you asked Phasma if she was coming with him tonight, and you stuck up for him at lunch. I know you’re the kind of guy who tries to see the good in everyone, but. . . you try a little harder with him. And it shows.” “Not to him, I hope,” Poe muttered. “Why? If you want to go with him, why not say so?” “Are you kidding?” By now the slow song had ended, and the two of them were standing still, arms around each other, while everyone else was dancing faster around them. Poe was too engrossed in the conversation to notice. “I can’t tell him I have a crush on him! He wouldn’t want to be my—my boyfriend . And if he told Phasma or Hux about it, I’d never live it down!” “What makes you so sure?” Rey prodded. “That he wouldn’t want to be your boyfriend, I mean.” “He just. . . wouldn’t,” Poe said helplessly. “I’ve never heard anything about him liking boys. And even if he does. . . he doesn’t like me , not like that.” Rey looked over his shoulder again and said deliberately, “Poe, at this moment, Kylo is glaring at me like— no , don’t turn around, you idiot—like I’m the one kicking the puppy. If I kissed you right now, I think poor Finn would get a replay of the fit Kylo pitched for Mr. Ackbar this morning.” “Hunh? You mean he’s jealous of you ?” asked Poe. “Why?” “Uh, because you’ve got your arms around me?” Rey looked back into Poe’s eyes and grinned suddenly. “Oh!” Poe let her go and stepped back, chuckling. “Sorry.” They went back to the other two, and yes, Kylo did look pretty grumpy again. Finn, on the other hand, seemed elated to have his friends back so that he wasn’t stuck with Kylo anymore. He and Rey danced to the fast songs after that, and Poe joined them a couple times despite feeling he looked stupid. Otherwise, he stood by Kylo and felt stupid there instead. They stood out the next slow song. Rey dragged Finn out to dance it with him, giving Poe a significant look as she did so. Poe fidgeted and thought about asking Kylo to dance with him again, then decided the larger boy probably didn’t want to dance at all. If he did, he’d ask me , Poe thought with a sigh. Rey’s crazy if she thinks he likes me. Even if he did say I was cute. He glanced up at Kylo and found the other boy’s intent dark eyes gazing back down at him. “You didn’t want to dance with Rey again?” muttered Kylo when Poe looked at him. “No,” Poe mumbled. “We’re just friends. You. . . know that, right?” Kylo shrugged. “How’m I supposed to know about your love life? Every rumor I hear about you is different, anyway.” Poe stared at him. “Wait— what rumors? People are starting rumors about me?” Kylo actually chuckled—not meanly, but with true humor, the same way he had smiled a real smile earlier. “Poe, I told you, you’re the most popular guy in our class,” he said. “You’re really that oblivious, aren’t you? Why do you think I said everyone would make fun of you if you came here with me? Because everyone talks about you.” “Really?” Poe looked out at the dance floor, trying to process this new information; then he turned back to his date. “What do they say?” “That you’re going with Rey. Or that she’s going with Finn because you hooked them up. Or that you’re going with Finn.” “Wait, what ?” Poe cried. Kylo smirked at him, obviously enjoying his shock. “You have to admit, you weren’t helping matters by saying you were coming to a dance with both of them,” he pointed out. “But I’m not dating either of them!” Poe exploded. “We’re all just friends. Geez, don’t people have anything better to talk about?” Kylo only laughed at him again. “You’re funny when you’re mad. You look like. . . like an angry rooster or something.” Poe was embarrassed—Kylo’s comment reminded him of B.B. and the Three Caballeros, although José was the parrot, not the rooster—but he also liked seeing Kylo laugh, even if it was at Poe’s expense. “Just because I’m short, right?” Poe snorted. “Fine then, if I’m an angry rooster you’re a. . . a stork! You and your long legs.” Kylo laughed harder and put his hand on the top of Poe’s head to emphasize how much shorter he was. Poe grabbed Kylo’s hand to shove it off, then decided not to let go of it. He liked how warm it felt, and how his own smaller, darker hand looked wrapped in Kylo’s long fingers, especially the one with the painted nail. Kylo didn’t notice at first, until he quit laughing; then he looked down at their clasped hands in surprise. Poe kept talking to distract him, hoping Kylo wouldn’t try to make him let go. “Phasma seemed to think I was trying to ask her out this morning. Is Hux her boyfriend?” Poe asked. “N-no,” Kylo mumbled. He wasn’t looking at Poe anymore, but he wasn’t trying to take his hand away either. “They’re kind of competitive. If she doesn’t get valedictorian next year, he will. I think they hang out together to keep an eye on each other more than anything else.” “I’ve heard that you’re her boyfriend too,” murmured Poe. It was a small lie; no one had actually said as much, but Poe had wondered about it himself. Kylo made an expressive face that clearly conveyed his feelings about the subject and declared, “Obviously not. I’d be here with her if I was, wouldn’t I?” They had talked all the way through several faster songs, and they were still holding hands, both of them pretending that there was nothing unusual about it. The DJ started a fourth slow song, and Kylo muttered, “You want to dance again?” Poe’s heartbeat spiked, and he breathed, “Okay.” Back on the gym floor, Kylo put his hands on Poe’s waist, near his back, and Poe rested his on Kylo’s shoulders. He had to reach pretty far up to do it. “Stork,” he hissed, looking up. “Chicken,” Kylo whispered back. “Oh, so I’m not even a rooster now? Just a chicken?” Poe tried to think of another tall, leggy bird. “Ostrich!” “Kiwi.” “Fine,” Poe groaned, “you win.” “Ha,” said Kylo as they swayed together. He was smiling again, and Poe decided this was the best night he’d had in a long while. He leaned his head on Kylo’s broad chest and closed his eyes. -- To be continued Chapter 4 Kylo swallowed hard. Poe hadn’t just. . . had he? Yes, he had. He had laid his head against Kylo, leaning into him like Kylo was his boyfriend or something. Stupidly, Kylo wished he was Poe’s boyfriend. He glanced from side to side to see if anyone was watching them, but all the other kids seemed to be preoccupied dancing with their own dates. I shouldn’t be doing this , Kylo told himself. I’ll just end up getting hurt. But he bent his head and rested his cheek against Poe’s dark hair anyway. It was soft—it shouldn’t be so soft, just like it shouldn’t feel so nice to have his arms around Poe Dameron. Poe’s hair smelled as good as it felt, and his body was warm against Kylo’s. Kylo turned his head a little to press his lips into Poe’s hair. As he had feared it might, the night had made Kylo’s crush on the other boy blossom into something more. He really did want Poe to be his boyfriend, so he could hold Poe like this any time he wanted. Maybe we could at least be friends, Kylo thought. I guess I could stand to be around Finn and— He cringed a little. –Rey if Poe is there. And even just talking to Poe was nice. No one else really talked to Kylo like that, unafraid enough to tease him but nice enough not to be mean about it. Kylo wanted to get to know him better, even if it meant exposing more of himself to Poe in the process. Even if it meant taking the chance of getting hurt. When the song ended, they went back to their spot by the bleachers, and Poe didn’t try to hold his hand again. But they started talking more, about school mostly: what classes they were taking next year, what teachers they liked and didn’t like, what colleges they were starting to think about. Kylo noticed things he’d noticed before, like how pretty Poe’s eyes were and how he stood with his hips cocked to one side, but they seemed new now that Poe was right beside him instead of at a distance, talking and laughing with someone else. Near nine o’clock, when the dance ended, the DJ put on one final slow song, and Poe took his hand. They only took a couple steps out onto the gym floor before Kylo pulled the other boy into his arms, and Poe put his head on Kylo’s chest again. This time when Kylo checked, someone was watching them—two someones in fact: not Rey and Finn, as Kylo might have suspected, but Phasma and Hux. Kylo had almost forgotten about their existence as he hadn’t encountered them all evening, but now they were dancing together halfway across the gym. . . or rather, they had been dancing but had almost come to a standstill because they were busy staring at Kylo and Poe. Kylo swore silently and looked away, wondering what to do. Getting away from Poe as quickly as possible seemed like the most logical choice—but this was the last dance, and they had already seen him, and he might never get this close to Poe again. And anyway, it might hurt Poe’s feelings. For the first time in a long, long while, hurting another person’s feelings was the last thing Kylo wanted to do. He resolved not to look at the other couple again and instead dropped his head to rest it against Poe’s once more. He could—and would probably have to—deal with Hux and Phasma later. For now, for another moment at least, he had Poe. And then the song ended, far too soon, and they let go of each other. As the gym lights came up, Poe looked up at Kylo and smiled, and Kylo felt himself smiling back. It was hard not to smile at Poe. But then Kylo remembered Hux and Phasma and decided he should escape before they got a chance to corner him. “Let’s get out of here before the parking lot gets clogged up,” he muttered. “Good idea.” Poe didn’t seem to mind as they hurried out before most of the other kids. Once they were in Kylo’s car and out onto the street, Poe leaned back in the passenger seat, then jumped when his cell phone made a noise. “And that would be Rey and/or Finn, texting me,” he sighed. “They’re so nosy. Both of them.” He didn’t take the phone out to check the message. Kylo thought about asking if Poe wanted to go out for coffee or something, but now, without the excuse of dancing, he felt nervous being close to the other boy, even just sitting in the car. He drove Poe home instead, yet at the same time, Kylo didn’t want the night to end. None of what he felt made any sense. Once Kylo had parked in front of Poe’s house, the smaller boy glanced at him then unbuckled his seat belt. When Poe reached for his door handle, Kylo suddenly unfastened his belt and got out too. He felt kind of stupid walking Poe to his door, like Poe was a girl and it was the 1950s, but Kylo thought he’d feel worse just driving off like a jerk. And anyway, Poe was smiling a little as they went up the sidewalk to his house. He stopped at the door, his back to it, and looked up at Kylo. Kylo swallowed hard before he said, “Uh. Thanks, Poe.” “Thanks for what?” Poe asked. “For being nice to me.” Poe grinned at him. “I told you, I wasn’t just being nice. I had a good time. Really.” “Me too.” Kylo let himself smile a little. Poe looked like he wanted to say something more, but he just nodded and murmured, “I. . . guess I’ll see you at school on Monday.” Kylo tried to think of a way to respond and couldn’t come up with anything that didn’t sound stupid. Poe’s smile faded, and he turned to unlock his door as he muttered, “Bye.” “Poe, wait,” Kylo blurted out. The shorter boy turned back to him with a look on his face that might have been hopeful. “Um, I. . . .” Kylo couldn’t make himself say, I want to kiss you , but he was able to take a step forward and put his hands on Poe’s shoulders. Kylo licked his lips, started to lean down, and froze, thinking, I can’t do it. But somehow, miraculously, Poe was reaching up to put his hands on the sides of Kylo’s head, sliding his fingers into Kylo’s hair, leaning up on his toes, closing his eyes. Kylo closed his eyes too and bent his head to meet Poe halfway. Poe’s mouth was as soft as his hair had been under Kylo’s lips. Kylo had never kissed anyone before, and he was amazed at how good it felt. Even though their lips just brushed together before they both drew back, the touch felt electric. Poe gazed up at him, his hands still in Kylo’s hair. He was smiling, his dark eyes almost sparkling. “Kiss me again!” he commanded. Kylo didn’t usually like being told what to do, but he wasn’t about to argue now. He gripped Poe’s shoulders and leaned down to press his lips against the other boy’s again. They held the kiss longer that time, and a second after they broke it, Poe darted his head forward to peck Kylo’s lips one last time before he finally stepped back. Kylo didn’t want to let him go, but he was also starting to get nervous again, afraid he wouldn’t know what to do if things progressed any further. “I’ll. . . I’ll see you Monday,” Kylo mumbled. “Yeah.” Poe smiled at him again. He had such a beautiful smile. “Night.” “G-goodnight.” Kylo turned around and hurried back to the safety of his car. His heart was beating so hard, it almost hurt, and he didn’t dare to look back at Poe until he was in the car, belt buckled and engine running. Poe had the door unlocked and open by then, but he looked back and waved. Kylo waved too and couldn’t bring himself to drive away until Poe had gone inside. -- B.B. was still awake, and Poe had barely gotten to his room before his little brother came barreling in. “Did you have fun?” B.B. asked, hopping up on Poe’s bed and swinging his bare feet off the edge. “Does Mom know you’re still up? And that you’re not wearing anything on your feet?” Poe took his jacket off and tossed it across the footboard of his bed, then examined himself in the mirror. He was still blushing. Thankfully, ten-year-old boys were generally not perceptive enough to notice something like that. “Slippers are for girls ,” B.B. declared. That apparently reminded him of what he had come into the room for, and he asked, “Did you dance with any girls?” “I danced with Rey.” “ Oh. ” There was great emotion behind that word, both wonder and jealousy. Poe grinned and turned back to his brother. “And she gave me something for you.” He pulled Rey’s envelope out of his pocket and passed it to B.B. “For. . . for me ?” B.B. stared at Poe, then at the envelope. He all but snatched it out of Poe’s hand and tore it open—making sure, Poe noticed, that he didn’t damage the heart drawn on the back. The heart-shaped-balloon design on the card inside was cute without being too girly (although it was from Rey, so Poe wasn’t really expecting girly anyway), but B.B. seemed more entranced by whatever Rey had written in the card. A smile spread over his face as he read it. “Well, what’s it say, buddy?” Poe chuckled. “None of your business!” B.B. put the card back in the envelope and clutched it in his hand as he looked back up at Poe. “Did you kiss any girls?” Poe felt his face get hot all over again, and he muttered, “No. I didn’t kiss any girls .” He kicked his shoes off then gave his brother a stern look. “Now, back to bed. So I can go to bed.” “All right ,” B.B. sighed dramatically. He jumped down and went to the door, then looked back at Poe. He hadn’t let go of Rey’s card. “Poe?” “Yeah?” “I love Valentine’s Day,” B.B. sighed. Poe looked down at him and grinned. “Yeah, buddy. Me too.” -- The End Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the BenPoe High School AU series Next Work → Works inspired by this one: Just Getting By by Tenukii