Fear leads to Anger “You know I can take whatever I want.” Rey had experienced close to two decades of people talking to her like this on Jakku. Nineteen years of dismissal, disrespect, dripping condescension. Why should it be different in any other part of the galaxy? She started to feel that familiar rage pricking behind her eyes as they flashed in stark response to his arrogant poise. “I’m not giving you anything.” He nodded at her mockingly and then seeped into her mind with a practiced ease, toying with fragile memories she hoped she’d lain to rest long ago, overturning dormant feelings she’d worked so hard to suppress. Each precious dream she thought was hers and hers alone, was freshly picked over, prodded, clutched – and then casually discarded as he pursued the only thing he needed. A flicker of compassion suddenly betrayed itself in his hesitancy. She took advantage within barely a second, learning to trace over his mind and identify the pores that were borne from his constant anger. She pushed hard, and this power - that she’d felt before but had somehow never acknowledged - ebbed closer to Kylo Ren’s guarded thoughts. As she pressed further, her grip on his mind tightened. Skirting past dark corners and gaping chasms she didn't want to examine too closely, she started to make out a misshapen figure. Dark, tall and imbued with an indefinable presence, she didn’t know its name until Ren conjured it himself. “You…you’re afraid…that you will never be as strong as Darth Vader!” The connection faltered and slipped as the boy Ben Solo backed away from her, horrified. Eyes widened and breath shuddering, he had not felt this exposed in years. How could she have discovered his weakness, when he had worked so hard to hide it from even himself? ------------------------------- He was simmering in the snow. A scarlet slash on his right cheek, already forming what would be a permanent reminder of how that girl, that scavenger, overpowered him. The Master of the Knights of Ren, weakened and helpless. He had never felt so lonely, after pleading with her to let him teach her. This had been her response, to attack and run. Kylo Ren smirked in spite of the pain, remembering the searing anger in her hazel eyes as she looked down at him. In the blue glow of his grandfather’s lightsaber, he could feel that she had wanted to kill him again. Rey had only just begun to know the power of the Dark Side, felt its temptation and revengeful lust. He would reach her and teach her, in good time. Chapter 2 : Heartsigh Summary: Kylo Ren haunts Rey's dreams as she starts her Jedi training under Luke Skywalker. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) She was running, scrambling away from the tall, masked figure. Rey couldn’t detect any humanity radiating from him now; his shields were back up. As she tripped over a fallen tree, the snow soaked and chilled her hands. A spot of blood stained its pure white, from where she’d bitten her lip with terror. Scrambling onto her back, she widened her eyes as he towered over her. In the next second, he was reaching out with a hand gloved in leather. She whimpered and clenched her eyes shut, anticipating the pain of his invading mind. Kylo Ren caressed her cheek, and then moved for her shivering hand. He pulled her to her feet, and toward his chest in an uncharacteristically tender embrace. His masked face leaned in, and she could feel his breath on her flushed cheeks as he came ever closer… “What in the Force?” Rey clutched her sweat-soaked sheets, blazing with heat despite the cold climate of an island cave. She glanced around, frantically, as if half expecting a figure to be lurking in the shadows. As her breathing began to calm, she reminded herself that Kylo Ren was nowhere nearby. She'd left him on Starkiller, as the planet was imploding in fire and darkness. Rey knew, though, that he had not died there. She could feel his presence, a constant burn on the fringe of her mind. This must be the Force, she'd thought, when she first recognized their connection. It had been frustrating her to no end. What was bothering her now was the nature of that dream. She'd felt the fear as she tried to scramble away from the hooded man, but she had not been remotely afraid of Ren the last time they were face to face. If she were truly honest, he had not frightened her since they first met on Takodana. As soon as he had chosen to unmask himself, feelings of curiosity, and something that was remarkably close to pity, had overcome her. Even as she'd watched the young man murder his father, she had recognized him as conflicted and lost, someone who had somehow grown up both all at once and not at all. She didn't like to admit that this was probably his intention when he had revealed his face to her. She also - stomach twisting at the thought - wondered if he saw his own sense of loneliness mirrored in her when he'd invaded her mind during that terrible interrogation. Reaching for her cloak, Rey climbed out of the cot and bundled herself into its warmth. Her cot, as narrow and simple as it was, still seemed much too extravagant for her. She was used to the floor of her AT-AT home back on Jakku, but since coming to Ahch-To in search of Luke Skywalker, had been spoiled with such a comfortable place to rest. Luke , she thought, reminded of her master. He'd be able to tell her whether these dreams of Kylo Ren were normal, or something she would need to learn to combat. Rey thought back, uneasily, to her dreams from the previous night, and the night before that. Every time she tried to sleep and regain her strength, she couldn't help but let the pale man with wild black curls slip into her consciousness. Was he thinking of her too, like this? Her cheeks burned at the thought. Of course he wasn't. He was Kylo Ren of the First Order, a terrifying organization that aimed to restore so-called law and gain control of the galaxy. He had more important things to be dealing with than wondering about an insignificant scavenger from Jakku. Rey shook her head, silently scolding herself, and stepped out to look at the night sky. ------------------------------- Kylo Ren could not sleep. It had been days, weeks really, since he had felt remotely close to fully rested. The injury on his chest - from that fuzzball of a Wookie - had begun to heal, and he'd been relieved to hear that the scar on his face would continue to fade with time. He'd never considered himself a vain person before now. The helmet he had created to wear had long been a source of strength, a way to distance himself from others. Especially the people he tortured and intimidated. Until he met the girl. Rey , he said to himself, that was her name. It sounded so light, and yet when he'd last seen her, she'd been ablaze with fury. It had been spectacular. He'd let her 'win', of course, although he could never admit as much to her or Snoke. Instead, he'd had to endure the total humiliation that the Supreme Leader had hurled at him, thinking that an entirely inexperienced yet Force-sensitive young woman had bested him. She'd kicked him square in the chest, slashed his cheek – and he'd lain there, taking it. He hadn't wanted to do anything but stare at her, wondering where in the galaxy this creature had come from. To his embarrassed surprise, he'd caught himself thinking about her at all moments of the day. Whether being berated by Snoke, mocked by Hux, or debriefed on Stormtrooper casualties by Captain Phasma, his mind had wandered to Rey. He considered where she might be now, and tried to convince himself that it was strictly a matter of being able to hunt down a valuable Force-sensitive individual. If he could bring her over to the Dark Side, to see his perspective, he reasoned, they'd be a real force for the Resistance to reckon with. He just needed to find out where she'd fled to, somehow. He had a horrible feeling that she might have gone straight to him , Ren's former master. If she had commenced Jedi training, it would make it that much more difficult to tempt her to the darkness. But then, Kylo Ren had always relished a challenge. He sat up in his bed and swung his legs to the floor, crouching down swiftly in a meditative pose. Closing his eyes and reaching out with the Force, he attempted to sense the lonely girl. He gasped, almost instantly being able to detect a feeling of impossible warmth. As he honed in on the energy, his mouth curled in a self-satisfied smile. He'd been right . What looked at first like a perfect sphere of radiant light, had a tinge of raging dark within. As he swam closer to the enchanting orb, wary of creating a ripple that could cause any alarm on her part, his eyes flew open. He knew where she was. And who she was with. Notes: This might seem gimmicky, but I'm naming the chapters after songs that scream Reylo to me, too. Heartsigh by Purity Ring! Because this is my first fanfic, I would especially appreciate comments and your helpful feedback! I could be falling into all sorts of traps about how *not* to write stuff that doesn't suck, so...thank you in advance for your insightful honesty. Chapter 3 : Pendulum Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Luke Skywalker was drinking in the view. He felt like he’d never tire of this sight, a seemingly endless expanse of ocean in a brilliant blend of azure, teals and sapphires. After more than a decade of solitude, though, a stirring – an awakening – had pulled his attention back to the wider galaxy. He had sensed for months now that something, someone , was on their way to draw him back. It had not been a surprise, then, for the old man to greet the young woman with eyes of glittering hazel. While he was somewhat out of practice when it came to social conventions, he hoped he’d managed to convey how welcome she was to the island that had been his refuge for so long. He sensed the force, strong in her, and knew she had become tightly bound to his estranged nephew’s fate. Whether she had yet recognized it in herself or not, Rey was deeply connected to the man who now called himself Kylo Ren. Luke noted that in earlier years, this acknowledgement would have terrified him to the core. Instead, he smiled at the thought now and dared himself to hope. For Leia. For Han, for Ben. For Anakin, even after all that had passed. There is no chaos, there is harmony. It had been just over a month since she’d arrived. There was a fierce rage within her that had threatened to overwhelm him at first, instinctively pushing her away. It had reminded him of his former apprentice, who had betrayed him so. In all his time on Ahch-To, though, Luke had meditated on the true and inescapable nature of the Force. He now understood that there was light and dark in everyone. To ignore one and give in to the other at all costs was to ensure a never-ending battle, of untold bloodshed and immense suffering. His mission now, as he saw it, was to foster a balance, to teach the ways to channel the Force in its all encompassing power and energy. He knew that Rey wouldn’t be the only one in desperate need of such encouragement, and looked up to the skies. He could sense another, coming closer. He wasn’t ready to say the name to himself, but he knew he would be brave enough when the time came. ---------------------- Kylo Ren had left without notifying Snoke. While he didn’t need the Supreme Leader’s explicit permission to take a ship and go where he pleased, a nag at the back of his mind knew that there would have been pressing questions, questions that he wasn’t yet quite sure how to answer. There was an undeniable pull to the girl, even as he risked being confronted by his uncle. Perhaps it was time. He’d had the past month to feel the depth of what he’d done to his own blood. Kylo had slaughtered his father, even as he saw the love reflected in his eyes, even as he dared to feel that love in return. He had hoped it would stop the light’s relentless temptation, but it had only been channeled into another form. Rey. He allowed his thoughts to drift back to her, to conjure once again the image of her face beaded with sweat, bathed in the blue glow of his grandfather’s saber. Teeth gritted between soft, full lips and her hazel eyes filled with loneliness and confusion, he could not deny the tug of something low in his belly. He needed to see her, to assess if there was any way, any possible way that she could… Never, a voice in the back of his mind needled. How could she ever feel something other than hate for you? She saw what you did. He groaned loudly, slumping in the pilot’s seat as he reached to bring the ship out of hyperspace. He’d barely been paying any attention as the ship had made its way to Ahch-To, and his heart was in his mouth as he suddenly realized how close they now were. Luke Skywalker and Rey’s signatures were pressing down on his, exposing his internal conflict in their unbearable light. For a second, his mind flickered to his mother, and the panic only increased. What was he doing? Was it too late to turn back? ---------------------- “You know that he is coming, don’t you?” Luke Skywalker had returned to their camp, where Rey was preparing a breakfast of porridge and berries. “Yes, Master. I have sensed him moving closer for days now, and even…even before…” “Kylo Ren has not left your mind since you fought him on Starkiller.” Rey’s face jerked up, her eyes wide with shock. She had not heard the Jedi Master say that name in the month she had been with him, did not believe he was ready to face what his nephew had become. She also noticed that his question had not really been one at all, and her face flushed as she shook her head. “I know I should be able to keep him at bay. Even with my meditation, I can’t seem to silence his voice, to hide myself from him in dreams. He won’t leave me alone.” “Have you ever asked him to?” Luke’s eyes crinkled as he looked down at his padawan, questioning with careful warmth that promised not to judge. “I…no. I haven’t. I didn’t think…” Rey mumbled, digging her spoon into the oats and fixating on the meal. “I don’t know if you’ve ever heard of Force bonds, Rey. But I am fairly sure, rare though they are, that you and Ren have forged one as a result of your capture and conflict.” The old Jedi spoke slowly, as if unsure where his words were going. “The pair of you are intimately connected, able to sense each other’s thoughts and feelings, visit each other in your dreams. And I don’t believe that either of you planned for this to happen. It will only become stronger over time.” Rey knew she should have felt repulsed to be tied to that murderer. As she chewed, she tried to find the words for what was now coursing through her mind. If Kylo Ren could sense her thoughts and desires, and she could do the same, would they ever be able to hide from each other again? Was this the way to draw him back to the light? “I think we are arriving at the same idea,” Luke nodded. “Don’t be afraid, I’m not reading your mind, but your face. I know you’ve seen the turmoil inside of him, what pulls him further into the darkness and what could bring him back. To me, to…his mother. Will you help me, Rey? He will be here soon.” As she stared up at him, Rey knew really that there was no other choice. If she did not try to reach out to Kylo, to help him balance the struggle that was threatening to crush him and everything around him, her own life would be in danger too. More than that, the fate of the entire galaxy seemed to hinge on it. Kylo Ren was a key weapon of the First Order, as incredibly powerful as he was confused and lost. She thought again of his hand on hers in the dream, and a shiver grazed her spine. “Yes, Master Luke. I will help you. Whatever it takes.” Notes: This chapter took a long time to post because I've been trying to decide whether I really wanted a Ben Solo or a Kylo Ren character arc... reading more about gray jedi recently and I think that's the way Luke now would view the force. Preaching non-attachment didn't work out so well for the council, did it? Chapter title comes from Pendulum by the sweet sexy angel that is FKA Twigs. Make of that what you will! Chapter 4 : Teardrop Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey had fallen in love. Having spent so many years on a barren desert planet, teetering on the edge of constant starvation and thirst, the luxury of being surrounded by water in every direction - as far as the eye could see - did not escape her. Every morning, she ran down the mountainside, nimbly navigating the crooked and ancient steps to a cove. Here, she removed her worn-out boots, pushing her toes into the wet sands and eagerly skipping to meet the gentle waves that lapped at the shore. After the day's training session, she was sweaty and aching. Learning to move heavy rocks with the Force shouldn’t exert her body physically, but she still found herself exhausted from the effort, moisture at her temple and under her arms. Having grabbed a pocketful of soap crystals from her Master’s supplies – he had told her to help herself to whatever she needed – she began to undress and fold her clothes neatly on the sand, just out of reach of the clear water. Somehow, somewhere she had long since forgotten, she learned to swim. She knew that the water should frighten her, its depths a silent threat. All Rey wanted now was to feel its cooling comfort on her skin, to wash away the layers of strain and struggle. Dipping her head fully under, a wide smile graced her face and she pressed her palms to her eyes, treading the water and squirming with delight. Stretching out on her back, she floated at one with the ocean, simply letting the lazy waves rock against her body’s muscular curves. She could feel Kylo Ren’s presence coming steadily closer towards the tiny planet, and she was not afraid. For a sweet second, she fantasized about his body pressing against hers, surrounded by the refreshing, tickling wetness. Rey had never been one to deny her own feelings, to hide from the very real attractions between bodies, the true innocence of lust. Her admiration for Ren’s strange and familiar face – between rich waves of black curls and prominent ears – startled her at first, but was now eagerly accepted. He wasn’t what she’d expected to see under that mask, but there was little use pretending to herself that she wasn’t pleased by the revelation. It was not a matter of forgetting what this man had done, Rey assured herself. Master Luke was not what she’d expected, either. Rey had imagined someone embittered and weathered by solitude, unable to deal with the magnitude of his nephew’s betrayal. He had left Leia and Han behind to pick up the pieces of the Resistance, after all. Instead, the Skywalker man had a cautious optimism, a secret smile often lingering on thoughts she was not privy to. Somehow, he thought that there was still a chance that Kylo Ren could be called back to the light – and he thought that she was the one to help him grab hold of it deep within. Fancy that , Rey said to herself. A scavenger from Jakku is somehow meant to save the galaxy from an entitled prince with a blowout and penchant for tantrums. Suddenly, a roar overhead drew her eyes open again, spotting a tiny ship suddenly coming out of hyperspace. It circled the tiny rock of an island a few times, and she could feel his widening eyes on her. Smirking slightly, she started to swim back to shore. She had drifted out with the tide, and it took her a few minutes longer than she’d anticipated. Shivering as she dressed, Rey nonetheless took her time. Her breathing had sped, but she recognized it as a response to intense excitement rather than terror. Rey trusted in Master Luke’s plan; it was all they had. Notes: Chapter title is from Teardrop by Massive Attack. This is a really short chapter, I know - but I wanted it to be all Rey. She is a sweet fearless angel in possession of her own sexuality and agency, I hope I've made that clear. Lots of the anti-Reylo sentiment seems to be about her being abused or coerced, but my Rey is not. She is a strong badass - and yes, she has desires! As always, any feedback is welcome! Chapter 5 : Begin Again Notes: Chapter Title: Begin Again, by Purity Ring Kylo Ren was finding it hard to breathe all of a sudden. As he had broken into the watery planet’s atmosphere and sensed which of the vivid green islands was currently inhabited by the two Force-sensitives, a foreign image had flashed across his mind. He had been plunged into the water below, realizing simultaneously that his robe and mask were gone. He couldn’t move, frozen in the unexpected moment, but the sheer sight of her had sent a shock through his system. Lying on her back, smiling serenely, the scavenger was inches away from him. Her smooth wet skin shimmered in the sunlight that was breaking through the clouded skies. His cheeks flushed and his eyes widened as they raked over her naked body, so seemingly unaware of his sudden presence. In the next second, though, it was all over. He jolted back to reality, a nervous energy vibrating through him. What was that? Had she tricked him in some way? But he had no time to ponder on it, for he needed to find a spot to land. He had never been a particularly skilled pilot, in spite of – or perhaps because of , he thought grudgingly – his lineage. Nonetheless, he brought the small ship down smoothly, and instinctively reached for his lightsaber. That should have calmed him, but instead it ignited a fresh round of conflict. It was only now that he began to think of what he’d say when he faced the pair he pursued. He had not seen his uncle in over a decade, not since he had fled the Jedi academy. Not since he’d destroyed everything his parents and Luke Skywalker had been working so hard to build. The familiar taste of self-loathing filled his mouth, as he stood and began to leave the cockpit. He knew his own ways, knew how reckless he could be, but the decision to come here without putting any real thought into it was something more, Ren knew. A man in beige robes was waiting for him. Thankful, yet again, for the mask that hid his emotions, he looked towards his uncle. To his utter bemusement, Luke Skywalker was smiling at him. Had the old man completely lost the plot? “Kylo Ren,” Luke said in a steady yet light voice as he walked toward him. “Welcome to Ahch-To. Rey and I have been expecting you.” The old Jedi stretched out his arms wide as he came to a standstill just a few feet from the taller figure. “You must be tired after your journey?” Ren froze. Was this some kind of trick, an ambush? He gripped his glowing saber, as if to silently threaten the man before him. Instinctively he knew, though, that it would not be easy to intimidate the man who had once been his Master. Two could play at this game, he thought. “Uncle,” Kylo Ren returned in as neutral a voice as he could manage. Through the voice modulator, it was virtually impossible to gauge any kind of emotion. He couldn’t ignore the suspicion that Luke Skywalker would know that such a civil greeting was difficult for him. Through the Force, there was no avoiding the exchange of heavy emotion between the two men – not after being apart for so long. He continued, “It has been a long time since we last met. You look well.” “Do I, Kylo Ren?” Luke seemed amused. “I’m not sure it is me you actually came to see, but I will enjoy the visit from my nephew after so long, regardless. My padawan will be joining us soon.” Those piercing blue eyes twinkled, and Ren could swear they were gazing right through the mask into his own. “I don’t know why I came here. I have been wanting to find you for a long time, Skywalker. But it’s only now…” His words broke off, as he felt frustration and anger begin to swell in him once more. The burning comfort of the Dark Side was calling to him again, even as he stood in the open air of this tranquil planet. “You will understand in time, I’m sure.” Luke was turning his back on him now as he walked towards a hut, and once again Ren was caught off-guard by the implicit trust in such an action. How was this possible, after all he had done? The Light Side really is for fools , he internally scoffed. He couldn’t yet admit to himself that he had no intention of attacking his Uncle, or the scavenger. She was climbing the steep steps towards them; he sensed it. Kylo Ren gulped, and felt his pulse begin to race. What was this effect she had on him? How would he stop it – and did he want to? ---------------------- Rey was beginning to breathe heavily as she reached the last of the steps. Stepping onto the blanket of green grass, she looked steadily towards the two figures. Her Master was walking towards the hut that she now considered their shared shelter, surprisingly spacious on the inside. Her eyes focused and narrowed slightly as she took in the sight of the taller man clothed in black. While wearing that mask – the stupid thing, she tutted – he was impassively facing her. Stood straight and still, he could have been a statue. She tentatively began to walk toward Kylo Ren. Rey could sense Luke Skywalker observing the two of them, even after he had entered the hut. She knew her Master didn’t need his eyes to pay attention to the interaction, but she nonetheless appreciated his trust and bestowed privacy. There was something she knew she had to say to the man before her, even as it struck her as something incredibly ridiculous. Kylo Ren reached up to remove his helmet, a hissing sound emitting as he fumbled with the latch. Moving it down to rest by his side, he continued to stare at the girl, seemingly speechless. He did not know why he hated wearing the damn thing in her presence, but it had been that way every time they’d come face to face since Takodana. He needed her to look into his eyes for some reason. “I’m sorry,” she blurted out. She sensed a wave of his confusion sweep over her through the Force, and her cheeks began to warm despite the chilly air. Her green-flecked eyes were fixated on one side of his face, and he heard her finish the sentence inside his head. I’m sorry about the scar. Chapter 6 : I Don't Need Your Medicine Notes: Chapter title is lyrics from Art Angels by Grimes Had he heard her correctly? He blinked a few times, still struggling to pull his eyes away from hers. Was that an apology? Of course, there was really no doubt when it had come to her words. Through the bond they’d developed since he first interrogated her about the blasted droid, Rey had spoken directly into his mind. And that was the first thing she apparently felt the need to express once they were face to face. Kylo Ren began to tense, like an animal under threat. Of what, he was not sure – but something was not right here. Both Skywalker and the girl had welcomed him, despite the circumstances in which he’d last seen either of them. His uncle, of course, had not seen his face since he was 15 years old, disillusioned with the Jedi teachings and breaking – no, he corrected himself, strengthening – as a result of Snoke’s dark whispers. And the girl…had left him. This girl, who was so fearful of being herself abandoned, as in childhood, had unleashed an unparalleled fury on him just as he had opened himself to her. He knew it was pathetic to feel upset and rejected by such behavior. They didn’t really know each other, and she had just seen him kill his father. She was right to think of him as a monster, he didn’t deserve anything else – “Would you…like to come inside? Have some caf?” Rey was peering up at him with open curiosity, the wind whipping some escaping hairs around her face, having teased them from the distinctive three buns she wore at the back of her head. He’d seen in her mind why she always wore her hair that way, as she sat in the Jakku dust waiting for her family to come back. She’d been afraid they wouldn’t recognize her. Why she continued to tie it up that way, he couldn’t be sure. Perhaps old habits simply died hard. In any case, the girl was extending yet more courtesy to him, and he couldn’t just stand still out here in the wind all day. Clearing his throat, and looking away toward the water, he nodded. “That…yes. Thank you. I’ve come a long way,” he managed to murmur. He couldn’t shake the feeling that this was all some kind of test, that the girl and Skywalker were silently conversing about him even as she continued to fixate on his features. The corners of Rey’s mouth quirked up, and she rolled her eyes. “Come on, then, I’ll catch my death if we stay out here in the wind much longer. I’m still not used to the cold – you know I grew up in the desert – and, well, my hair’s still wet from my swim…” she trailed off, apparently with the realization that she’d been babbling. Reddening slightly, she turned and beckoned for him to follow. Looking at the back of her head, and noticing water droplets tracing their way down the nape of her neck, Kylo Ren suddenly remembered his vision of her in the ocean below. Evidently, there were all manner of things this Force bond between them would reveal in time. He couldn’t deny that he looked forward to exploring its potential. She was so powerful, and he could not wait for her to give in and take her rightful place at his side. Together, they could rule the galaxy. If only they could somehow overpower Snoke… Snoke. He couldn’t feel him. Here, on this isolated planet, he suddenly realized he had not heard his Master’s invasive commands in his head. A part of him felt disconcerted by this, while a much smaller part tried not to shout with joy. Was this all part of the trap that the old Jedi had laid out for him? He would have to find out somehow. ---------------------- Kylo Ren began to walk towards the hut, stooping as he reached the doorway and peering inside. The place was surprisingly comfortable, and he had to remind himself that Luke Skywalker had probably resided here for quite some time now. The man in question was busying himself with pots and cups further inside, humming to himself contentedly. Rey had curled up in a large chair, with a holopad perched on its arm. She motioned to a seat next to her, apparently wanting Ren to join her. He obliged, but couldn’t help looking around subtly as he strolled across the room. Chuckling quietly, Rey pushed another thought towards him. Don’t worry, there’s nobody else here. It’s just Luke and myself, has been ever since I arrived. He frowned at her. Why are you both so relaxed? Shouldn’t you be concerned that I found you here? We knew it was just a matter of time, her smile faltered slightly. Ever since…well, I’ve been able to detect your thoughts and see into your dreams just as you have with mine. I think we’d struggle to keep any secrets from each other now. And so this is your plan, is it? Treat me nicely enough and hope I’ll come back from the darkness? After what I did? After all I’ve become? His voice had taken on a growl, and she flinched ever so slightly. I was there, Ren. I saw it. And I saw your face…I don’t even need to say it to you. Now’s not the time anyway, you just arrived. You need to rest. Kylo knew what she was referring to, and he pulled his gaze away as his revulsion swept over him and threatened to spill into the bond. He couldn’t talk about Han Solo, not ever, not with the two people in this room. And he would never be able to face it if they somehow coerced him into seeing his mother again. To look into those eyes, the ones that had always reassured him when he was small and afraid. At that moment, Luke was bustling back to join them. Carrying a tray of fruit and steaming mugs, he set them down on a small wooden table and sank onto the floor. “Rey, would you give us just a moment please?” She looked at her Master, and saw a flash of discomfort in his eyes. Realizing that of course he would want to speak with his nephew privately, after so long, she sprang to her feet and grabbed her holopad. “Of course, Master Luke,” she said in a voice that made it clear she was trying to sound as calm as possible. Bowing slightly, she left them, weaving her way to a room towards the back of the dwelling. Luke did not say anything for a couple of minutes, but simply gazed at Kylo Ren. The younger man knew that he wasn’t attempting to read his mind in the traditional sense, but he still felt like his uncle was trying to ascertain something from his demeanor. “I told you, I…I’m not sure why I came here,” Kylo shifted uneasily in the chair. He was too tall for it, as he was for most things. His knees were pushed together uncomfortably, and it was impossible for him to appear composed in the present situation. “And I did not ask you. I know what has come to pass, I know why you left me and, in time, it will become clear just why you have come back,” his uncle replied evenly. “I have already talked to Rey about the nature of the bond you two share, but of course it is still so fresh and unexplored. I will not interfere there unless either of you seek my guidance. And I would not presume that you will -“ “Don’t try to turn me, Skywalker. Like I said, I don’t know why I’m here, but I also know what I’m not here for. I haven’t come groveling for forgiveness, having suddenly seen the error of my ways. It’s not nearly so childish and simple as that,” Kylo Ren spat. “No, indeed. It is certainly not that simple,” Luke agreed, tilting his head and sipping the drink. He paused, and seemed to suddenly be focusing on something much further away, across the waters of his mind. “It never was, but Ben certainly tried to make it seem that way at times.” “Don’t say that name,” Kylo began – “I’m speaking of Ben Kenobi, your former namesake. I will never call you that again - you can rest assured. You’re not the shy little boy who broke his mother’s heart anymore, and I’m not one for deluding myself,” Luke said steadily. He didn’t seem angry, but there was a steeliness to his words. “You can call yourself whatever you choose, and I will respect that. We all have our choices, and those, above anything else, are what define us. The Force is just a tool, after all.” Kylo frowned at the old man before him. Skywalker had never sounded this way at the academy. He had been full of the old Jedi Council’s foolish claims, about the strict divide between the light and dark, how emotional attachments were forbidden and anger had to be conquered. Something had changed in these long years that spanned the distance. Sensing his reaction, Luke smiled at his nephew. “You remember that I was doing my best with very limited resources at my disposal. My former Masters could appear before me as ghosts, to offer certain valuable insights and advice. But really, it was just me and I was still so young. Trying to imitate the old ways, ones which I never really came to know myself. These days, well…let’s just say my beard isn’t the only thing getting grayer.” The man chuckled to himself, and slowly got to his feet. Before Ren could respond – not that he even knew what to say to that revelation – Luke said, “You should get some rest, you look tired. Rey and I each have separate quarters and there is a small study down the hall with a bedroll and blankets in the corner. It’s not much, but if you’d rather stay in here than out on your ship, you are welcome.” Kylo Ren nodded, but didn’t make a move to leave the chair. He was losing himself in the whirlwind of thoughts his uncle had sent his way. He hadn’t even thought to figure out why it was that he couldn’t feel his Master through the Force from Ahch-To, but somehow that seemed unimportant right now. Luke Skywalker padded away, beginning to hum again as he returned to the kitchen area to prep the evening’s meal. Chapter 7 : Little Bit Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “He’s… what? What the frack is Kylo Ren doing there? Rey, you need to get away from him right now!” Finn’s fearful concern was tangible as he communicated with his friend via hologram. “Calm down, please Finn – you still need to rest and gain your strength,” Rey assured him. She was sat on the edge of her bed, tying her hair up as she got ready for the day. “I’m here with Luke Skywalker, ok, it’s probably safer than anywhere else in the galaxy.” The blue-tinted Finn threw his hands up dramatically and rolled his eyes. “Erm, yeah, except for the whole Dark side murderer issue,” he snorted. “Seriously Rey, how can you not be terrified after what he did to me? After we saw what he did to Han Solo?” Rey paused, biting her bottom lip. She was trying to choose her words carefully, still processing her feelings towards the new visitor to the island. It had been a couple of days since Kylo Ren had arrived, and he’d mostly kept his distance from her. She knew that he had been talking to Luke, and she’d been tempted to take advantage of the Force bond to peek at what had been said between the two men. So far she’d managed to resist, trusting that if any of it was relevant to her, Luke would confide in his own time. “It’s hard to explain Finn, but…we’re connected, Kylo Ren and myself. When he took me at Takodana and then tried to get the map from my mind, it forged some type of bond in the Force. Luke’s seen it between us, and we can gauge each other’s feelings. If he was here to hurt me, I would know. I think…I think there’s a chance he might come back to the light.” Finn stared at her, mouth hanging open as the seconds stretched on. “Are you mad? After what he did? There’s no bringing him back, Rey – it’s too late.” Shaking her head, Rey was filled with resolve. “It’s never too late, Finn. And Han…this is what he’d want. I won’t let his death be in vain. He knew his son could still come back, and so did Leia. Luke does too, and I want to help. It’s ultimately something Kylo Ren has to do for himself, but if there’s any way I can do something to make that easier, it would be such a huge turning point for the First Order. We need this to happen to end the war. I have to go – talk soon, ok? I’m so glad you’re feeling better, say hi to Poe for me.” Nodding, Finn sighed. “I hope you and Skywalker know what you’re doing, Rey. Please be safe.” Turning off the holopad and getting to her feet, Rey yawned and stretched out her arms, rolling her shoulders. She left the room and quickly made her way outside, feeling the need to meditate. Luke and Kylo Ren were nowhere to be seen, but that wasn’t unexpected. Aside from meals and training, the old Jedi had left her largely to her own devices. She liked Luke well enough, and had learned many things about the old Jedi Council, how he grew up on Tatooine as a moisture farmer, how he had worked with Han Solo and his twin sister Leia in the days of the Rebel Alliance. Luke happily answered her questions, although she was careful not to press too strongly on the topics of Anakin Skywalker and Kylo Ren. As she dropped into a meditative pose and concentrated on her breathing, Rey felt her thoughts swirling around the man who called himself Kylo Ren. She couldn’t deny that being connected to him through the Force excited her, after being alone on Jakku for so long. The man was dangerous, she knew, had done so many appalling things, but she saw the light in him still. She was good at waiting, at persevering, and so she would do whatever it took to help him resolve the conflict he seemed to constantly battle within. She wasn’t sure how much time had passed, but a physical presence was suddenly pressing on her awareness. Smiling, she opened her eyes and looked up into those dark brown eyes. Kylo Ren was scowling down at her. “Do you have to think about me quite so loudly, scavenger? I’m flattered, but you should try a little harder to shield your thoughts,” he said with a sneer. “If you’re listening in, you’ve only yourself to blame,” she replied haughtily. “I’m allowed to meditate over whatever I like, and I happen to find you very interesting.” “Oh, I don’t doubt that,” his eyes glittered. “I know for a fact that you’ve been dreaming about me these past few nights too. I saw the meadow, and the balcony, and –“ Rey laughed, but failed to hide the color rising in her cheeks. “If you’re seeing them, you’re participating in the dreams too, Kylo Ren. Don’t be afraid, I know you find me equally fascinating. We’ve both been lonely for so long, it’s ok to admit that.” He eyed her, suspiciously now, and something that felt rather like jealousy spiked along their connection. “And what about FN-2187? I know you were talking to him this morning. I could have that traitor –“ Snarling suddenly, Rey leaped to her feet and was inches away from Ren’s face. “You will not touch Finn ever again! You almost killed him, my first real friend! I will never forget what you have done Kylo Ren, so don’t mistake my, my…baser urges for forgiveness!” Kylo Ren looked thrown for a second, but hastily composed his features into an expression of triumph. Waving a finger in her face mockingly, he said “There it is, that powerful anger I’ve been hoping to see ever since I arrived. Did you honestly think I’d fall for that false serenity you’ve been projecting at me? I’ve seen your past Rey, I know the frustration and rejection you’ve felt. You could be so beautiful and powerful with the Dark Side, if you’d just give in to those feelings.” Rolling her eyes and shoving at his hard chest, Rey retorted, “You still don’t get it do you? I didn’t ask for any of this. I was waiting for my family, I was surviving, I could look after myself. If I hadn’t rescued BB-8 none of this would have happened to me. I wouldn’t know I was force-sensitive, I wouldn’t have been taken by you, I wouldn’t have felt like I had to choose a side in this kriffing war that’s nothing to do with me. I don’t care about the Dark side or the Light, Kylo Ren, I just want to live my life and be free! And I know you do too, so don’t even try to deny it!” Mouth dry and agape, Kylo Ren ran his fingers through his long hair nervously. “What are you saying, Rey? Aren’t you with the Resistance now? My uncle, he –“ “Do you honestly think that Luke is with the Resistance? He’s been on this island living a life of utter isolation for over ten years now, ok – he gave up that life. I don’t think he even sees himself as a Jedi anymore, he didn’t want to be a part of any of that destruction. Especially after what happened with you. It broke his heart, Ben.” There was a pregnant pause, and she gasped as her hand flew up to her mouth. She’d said his given name, and was afraid for the first time since he’d arrived on Ahch-To. “Don’t be –“ Kylo began. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to –“ “No, it’s...it’s ok. I know you, Rey. You wouldn’t try to hurt me now.” She turned her head back towards the man, eyes widening as they met his. There was an unfamiliar warmth radiating from his face now, and she saw his throat bobbing as he struggled to find his next words. Impulsively, she reached out to take one of his hands, and noticed he wasn’t wearing his usual leather gloves. Their shared touch felt electric, and both hitched their breath. This was all so strange and new, she thought. How could it be that Kylo Ren seemed like the person she knew the most, and who knew her in return? Since meeting Finn, she’d felt like he was supposed to be her closest confidante. He was her first friend, and she had felt utterly broken when he’d been so badly hurt – by the person whose hand she now tenderly held. But even Finn – lovely, warm, honest Finn – couldn’t understand the connection between her and Ren. She couldn’t expect him too, he wasn’t Force-sensitive and didn’t know how these crazy Force bonds worked. And anyway, was it just the bond that explained how they seemed to be drawn to each other? Or did she see a lot of herself in Kylo, terrifying as that was? Kylo was looking down at her now, not with the characteristic sneer he’d interrupted her meditation with, but with a shy smile. She could feel his heart hammering, and a touch of redness spreading across his pale cheeks. He’d been starved of the sunlight for so long, she knew, hiding behind that mask and suffering in the shadows between The Finalizer and Starkiller. The rest of him must be just as pale, just as untouched by warmth, she thought, and began to blush in spite of herself. She knew he could easily detect her thoughts with no distance between them, and she hadn’t tried to shield those. “Rey,” he breathed, and it sounded like a plea. Kylo released her hand and began to trace her cheekbones with his trembling fingers. Grazing her bottom lip, a pained look came over his face – as if he wasn’t used to expressing such affection. Neither was she, really. There had been encounters , with other humans and humanoids on Jakku. While she didn’t consider herself a beauty, she’d have had to have been completely oblivious not to notice the admiring looks from the males – and some females – who stopped off at Niima on their way to more exciting planets. There had even been a few who’d asked her to join them, promising adventures and a steady food source in exchange for her company, but she’d always declined. Her love for a family she couldn’t remember had always overcome any kindly offers. “Do you want to help me make a meal?” Rey had stepped back, releasing herself from Kylo Ren’s touch. This was all happening too fast, whatever this was. She knew Luke wouldn’t be happy about it, even if the Master of the Knights of Ren showing affection for anyone was a good sign. “I don’t really, erm…do that sort of thing,” Kylo Ren confessed. “On Starkiller, we had droids who took care of everything you’d consider domestic, the cleaning, making sure our closets were filled with clean cloaks and tunics, delivering food…” Rey laughed, and grabbed his hand again. “You are probably still better than me at it, I was living off dehydrated rations my entire life before meeting Finn and –“ she broke off, and he knew who she’d been close to mentioning. Rey glanced up at him warily, clearly worried that she had angered him again. Kylo Ren could have been angry. He could have reacted with his usual rage, taking out his lightsaber and destroying his surroundings. He could have hurt the beautiful, trusting girl in front of him who dared to invite him to do something as mundane as cook a meal with her. Instead, though, he felt his lips turn up into a smile. What was she doing to him? What was this power? “So…what are we making?” ---------------------- Luke Skywalker had been on his way back to the hut when he’d sensed Rey and Kylo Ren conversing. He stopped to rest on a rock, hidden from view and closed his eyes. He could not hear the words they exchanged, nor see the physical touches between them, and yet he was overwhelmed by the power in their connection. Both Rey and Kylo Ren were brilliant silver swirls of dark and light, the wispy tendrils snaking towards each other tentatively, yet, inevitably. Yes , Luke said to himself, this was very good. Grinning, he thought again of his sister. This was probably the last thing she’d imagined happening when she sent the girl to find him. Notes: Chapter Title: Little Bit, by Lykke Li Chapter 8 : Destiny Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The light had been calling to Kylo Ren for years, had never been fully silenced. He had resisted, shed blood in further pursuit of the shadows, and yet it still threatened to lure him in its overwhelming sweetness. Rey, he was coming to realize, was his weakness. His thoughts never strayed far from her, and the elation he felt from learning of their bond was surely enough to prove that he would never again be fully cast in black. Now he stood on Ahch-To, wind whipping his long hair around his face while a frown of concentration betrayed his unease. The awful truth was, he conceded, that he had not felt this hopeful and frightened in a long time. Somehow his Master was blocked from his mind, and he could not tell whether that was Snoke’s doing or something else at work in the Force. He turned, sensing Luke Skywalker approaching. The old man had been on one of his solitary afternoon walks. Clearly still in the habit of spending most of his time alone, the weathered yet charismatic Jedi quite often disappeared for hours at a time to leave Kylo Ren and Rey to their own devices. If he didn’t know better, Ren thought to himself, he could have sworn his uncle was intentionally allowing the two younger Force-sensitives to interact with plenty of privacy. Surely, though, Skywalker didn’t fully trust him not to harm the girl? Luke smiled up at the taller man, his eyes crinkling in that manner that so reminded Kylo Ren of his mother. Ren knew that Leia and her twin brother had been raised apart, not knowing of each other’s existence until they were fully grown, but it was still remarkable how similar the two seemed in spirit. While Leia Organa Solo, though, had the steely strength of a politician, her brother Luke had always preferred action – be it with a lightsaber, or by perfecting his skills as a pilot. “Something is troubling you, Kylo Ren,” Luke calmly stated. “Or perhaps what concerns you most is that you are not troubled here.” “My…Master. Snoke. I can’t feel him. Usually he can communicate with me through the Force. The quiet is unsettling,” admitted Kylo Ren. He was surprised at how forthcoming he had been with Skywalker in the past few days. After nearly a decade of hiding his thoughts and feelings to everyone around him – he had needed to in order to project a machine-like strength – it felt incredibly freeing. “Ahch-To is the site of an ancient Jedi temple, as I’m sure you know,” explained Luke. “The Force is unusually powerful here, and its lightness will overwhelm the Darkness of Snoke’s intent. He will not be able to reach you as long as you stay here.” Kylo Ren did not know how to respond to this. He had had vague suspicions that somehow Skywalker himself had blocked the bond between Master and Apprentice, but of course had no understanding of how such a power could be. Now, he felt a slow surge of relief course through his body. “Then…I could reach you here only because of the bond I share with the girl? That is what led me to you?” Luke’s deep blue eyes twinkled and his mouth quirked, but he didn’t reply. Instead, he pulled his hood over his greying hair and gestured towards the fire that Rey had built and was sitting near. Sheltered from the wind by a large group of rocks, it had become an evening ritual for the three of them to sit close to the flames, sharing a meal and swapping stories. At least, Rey and Luke talked; Kylo preferred to quietly observe the pair. Rey looked up and smiled slightly as the two approached. Kylo Ren thought he would never get used to her looking at him with such a notable absence of fear. She was the first person he had met in so long – long after he was seduced by the Dark Side – who didn’t seem to express pure disgust for him. She was angry about the things he had done, of that he had no doubt, but it wasn’t the same. She did not hate the monster in the mask, in spite of the harm that he had caused. Did that say more about him, he wondered, or her? “Master, I have a question,” Rey began, glancing at Luke and then towards Kylo for a split second. “Yes, my padawan?” “I…wondered if you could tell me more about the teachings of the Gray Jedi,” Rey finished uncertainly. Kylo Ren frowned. There was that term again, Gray Jedi. He had heard rumors before, of those who managed to master both the Dark and Light sides of the Force, but had never learned more about the practice. It seemed starkly alien to his training – both that of Luke Skywalker’s to Ben Solo, and now Snoke’s to Kylo Ren. He had only ever been taught to wield the Dark and Light in opposition, to forsake one and submit entirely to the other. He could not imagine the discipline it took to walk that balanced line down the middle. Luke cleared his throat as he settled onto a mossy rock and looked into the flames. He did not answer right away, and Kylo Ren got the impression that his former Master was planning out his words very carefully before he started to speak. “My Master, Obi-Wan Kenobi, was the padawan of a Jedi known as Qui-Gon Jinn,” Luke began. "Qui-Gon is known to have operated outside of the strict codes of the Jedi Order. He had a strong sense of his own compass, and wasn’t afraid to go against the wishes of the Jedi Council if he felt it was the right thing to do". Luke paused, before saying slowly -determinedly not looking towards his nephew -“It was Qui-Gon Jinn who discovered Anakin Skywalker living as a young slave and brought him before the Council to request that he be trained in the ways of the Force.” Kylo Ren said nothing. He was looking at Rey’s face, bathed in the glow of the fire. He had heard about Qui-Gon before of course – he had read all he could find about Vader’s humble beginnings amongst the archives – but it piqued his curiosity that the girl wanted to hear about his family’s history. “So Qui-Gon was able to channel both the Dark and Light sides of the Force?” Rey asked, a detectable excitement in her voice. “He learned to use both without succumbing to either?” “He was far from the first to do so,” Luke nodded. “There have been many Jedi throughout the millennia who navigated the balance between the darkness and the light, preferring not to shun attachments and channeling their passions into acts of goodness. It is something I have long meditated upon.” Rey’s eyes glanced towards Kylo Ren, across the flames, before quickly returning to her Master’s face. “When you say they didn’t shun attachments…” the unfinished query hung palpably in the air, and Kylo felt a heat creeping up his face that he was sure did not come from the campfire’s proximity. “The Council forbade Jedi from pursuing romantic relationships and took younglings away from their family to raise them so that they would not form distracting attachments,” Luke went on. “Of course, not all were willing or able to say no to lust and love. My mother and father met and fell in love as Anakin was training to become a Jedi, and decided to marry in secret. It is my understanding now that had they been allowed to love in the open, it is far less likely that my father would have been seduced by the Dark Side. He fell because he was absolutely terrified of losing my mother. He had visions of her dying in childbirth, and vowed to do everything in his power to protect her from that fate. Sadly, it was precisely his ambitions that resulted in her demise.” Luke’s voice had grown very quiet, but Rey could still hear him clearly over the licking flames. She looked quickly again towards Kylo Ren, who was sat very still, eyes closed as if meditating. She knew that he was listening as avidly as she was. “As you know, my own training was very brief, Obi-Wan becoming one with the Force soon after my journey from Tatooine began,” Luke continued. “Even so, I had memorized the Jedi code: There is no emotion, there is peace…There is no passion, there is serenity. However, that still didn’t stop me from falling in love when the time came.” He smiled sadly, looking deeply into the flickering flames and taking a drink of the whisky Rey had poured out for each of them. Kylo Ren’s eyes jerked open in shock. He had not heard his uncle speak of his wife since she died, when Ben Solo had been only seven years old. He felt a stirring of compassion for the old man, which disturbed him only further. “You were married?” gasped Rey in surprise. Sensing her Master’s dark amusement, she blushed deeply. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean…” “It is alright, Rey. It was a long time ago, although of course I think of Mara Jade every day,” Luke assured her. “Mara was a servant of the Emperor, but when my father betrayed and killed him, she became one of the most skilled smugglers in the galaxy. We met through a mutual friend and fell quickly, and very deeply, in love.” Luke Skywalker’s eyes were resting on Ren’s face, now, and Ren knew which mutual friend he had been referring to. Another infamous smuggler, since departed. He shifted, uncomfortably. “How did she die?” Rey whispered, somehow sensing what Luke had yet to reveal. Her eyes had filled with tears, and Kylo almost choked at the sight. She was beautiful in her sadness and compassion. “Mara was lured into a trap laid out by Snoke,” Luke said in a determinedly neutral voice. “One of the Knights of Ren killed her, only a few years after we had married. We were…expecting our first child. A baby girl.” Rey cried out in pain as she leapt to her feet. Kylo’s jaw was clenched, and he could no longer look at her. He felt like he was about to vomit. “Did you know this?” She demanded, moving to grip his face fiercely. “That Snoke killed her, and you still fell for his promises of greatness and strength?” She spat the last few words, mocking him. “Rey, please, calm yourself,” Luke said gently. “My nephew was very young when it happened and couldn’t possibly be held accountable for such a thing.” Rey laughed bitterly and Luke could see that her eyes were widened with an almost manic quality. “Oh and I suppose that he couldn’t be blamed for Han Solo’s death either, could he? Just a poor little pampered boy with no understanding of his act-“ “Rey!” Luke was stood now, voice booming and eyes glaring at his padawan. “You will stop this talk right now. Kylo Ren has shown great trust in coming here to be with us and I know more than anyone how his father’s death must have affected him. Han was my brother, and I loved him. Not a day goes by when I don’t think of him, and I know the same goes for his son. BEN!” Kylo Ren had strode away, into the darkness. With a crackling rage, his red lightsaber ignited and Rey could hear him frantically attacking nearby rocks with the volatile weapon. She shook her head, and looked sadly towards her Master. “He’s not going to change, you know. He can’t. He killed his father, how could someone be good again after that? I…I never knew my family. I waited for years for them to come back for me, and he just threw his away – willingly! I’ll never understand that.” Rey ran sobbing into the hut and Luke heard the slam of her bedroom door. The old Jedi sighed heavily, and sat down again. He didn’t move for a long time, until he eventually heard the last of the lightsaber’s slashes. Notes: Chapter Title: Destiny by Zero 7 Ooh, couldn't resist a little more angst between them! I really think Rey would struggle to get past the notion of giving up family after she had to fend for herself from such a young age. Lonely cinnamon rolls! Notes: I've never written a fanfic before, so please bear with me. This is going to be fun! It's going to be a slow burn and the rating will probably change later. For any fellow Grimes fans, yes - the title of this story is from the song. I've been listening to Art Angels a lot recently, and the song sort of reminds me of Reylo in all of their glorious angst.