Kylo Ren wasn't one to be sympathetic, but that moment he first saw you, it changed, He remembered seeing you, you were walking down a street, wearing little to no clothing, showing too much of your skin. It was cold outside and when you both first made eye contact, he knew. He could see it in your E/C eyes. When he saw you, he couldn't deny your beauty. Even through the marks tainting your skin, your small frame, and pained walk, you were strong. He remembered seeing you lean against the cold wall, shivering, and sliding down until you collapsed on the ground. He remembered rushing over to you and placing his large hands on your thin neck, checking your weakening pulse. You were alive. He remembers you looking at him and softly asking what you could do for him. Kylo remembers shaking his head, wrapping his cloak around your shivering shoulders and lifting you up. He could hear thoughts, you were confused. Confused at how someone was gentle with you, confused at how someone wasn't taking advantage of you. Kylo put a hand over your aching head and softly put you to sleep. He carried you to his ship. He laid you down on a soft seat, still wrapped in his cloak, he looked at you. You had dark circles under your eyes, bruises decorating you skin, there were fingers prints, burns, scratches. It made him want to cry, you were a whore who had no choice. He ran a hand through your oily hair, he kissed your forehead, and left you to pilot his ship, determined to make sure you would never have to do this to yourself ever again. Kylo Ren was determined to bring you back to life. Chapter 2 Notes: Here's the actual good chapter 2 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo landed his ship. He had a look at you. He took in your damaged form. The trembling breaths you took, your busted lips, slightly shaking form, He sees your hair cover your face, he suddenly had this urge to brush it off, so he could truly see you. He fought it. He fought it with a sharp breath and clenching his hand into a fist. There was no doubt he was drawn to you. You were strong, he could immediately tell that. He runs a hand through his hair and leaves his seat, and softly walking over to you. He takes off his gloves and wraps an arm under your wait and shoulders, lifting you up and close to him, not expecting what happened next. The skin on skin contact from his hands made you immediately wake up, you thrashed around in his strong arms. You stroked his cheekbone your fist, and he immediately knelt down. You scrambled away, horrified, and whimpering. He watches as you hide in a corner of his ship. "Please... Please don't touch me..." He heard you beg, your soft voice trembling. "I promise I won't. Please, I didn't mean to frighten you. Please." He said, staying where he was. He didn't dare advance closer to you. He could feel his cheek throbbing, which he ignored. "Why am I here?" Your voice and body trembling. Kylo didn't answer. He wondered that himself. Why is she here? Why did I take her? What came over me? Why here? "My name is Kylo Ren, I saw you walking down a street, you were injured badly. I wanted to help." "Why?" Again, he didn't know. He was just drawn to you. He was almost in a trance when he carried you away. He watches as you pull your knees up to your chest. He didn't want to push you, but he needed answers as to why you were hurt and why you were whoring yourself away. "What's your name?" He asks. "Y/N." You say in an almost whisper. He draws in a quick breath. "Tell me Y/N," you straighten up and come out of your corner slightly. "Why is your skin so marked?" "Someone hurt me." "Why?" "I said no. To them." "Who were they?" "I don't know." You sniff. "Why did they say no?" "Wasn't working at the time." "Working as a what, exactly?" "What someone like you would call a whore." His suspicion was correct. "Why?" You began to cry again. Kylo softly put his hands around your wrists, gently pulling you up to sit in a seat, across from him. "Parents need the money." "How old?" "12." So young, innocent, afraid. It enraged him deeply. "Please I wish to talk no more about it." You cried. Kylo backed away. "Of course, my apologies. You've told me enough." He stands up, and begins to walk to his cloak, wanting to give it to you. You stand in front of him and push him back on the chair and place your hands on the waist of his pants. He quickly understands what you were trying to do. He takes your hands in his. "No, You don't need to do that. Not to me." "But sir, please. You helped me, please I have to thank you." You try to wrestle out of his grip, but with no results. "Y/N. Look at me." You ignored him, tears streaming down your face. You needed to please him. That's just what you did. "Sir, I need-" "Look at me. Y/N. You can help me by looking at me." You immediately did. "You don't need to do that anymore, Y/N. No more. I know you're frightened, but I don't require anything from you. Nothing like that. I do wish for you to allow me to heal you. That's why I brought you here." "Why would you want to heal me?" You asked. "Because I want to." Notes: the-imagines-awaken.tumblr.com theaidenellis.tumblr.com Chapter 3 Kylo Ren eventually got Y/N to trust him enough to exit the ship. She wore his black cloak to cover herself, he kept her close to him as they walked. They both earned many looks from people around, but Kylo ignored them, Y/N never saw them; she kept her head down. Like she was taught. Once outside his quarters, Kylo turns towards Y/N. She looks up at him with tired eyes. "Y/N, would you like to stay here, just for the rest of the day? I'm sure we can find you a room soon enough." Y/N looked at the door with slight worry. "Who's room is it?" "It's mine." She looks to Kylo, "No. It's okay, I can stay on the ship, I don't want to impose on you, you don't want me here wi-" Kylo places a soft hand on her shoulder, "Y/N, it's no trouble at all. Believe me. Just for tonight, I promise." She leans slightly towards him, "Okay." The Sith unlocks the door, and steps inside. Looking behind him, he sees that Y/N enters slowly. She stands rigid while looking around. She seemed overwhelmed. "Sir, do you mind if I took a shower? I'll be very quick, I'll use cold water, I mean, if it's alright with you of course, I-" "You don't have to call me 'sir' Y/N. You may use as much warm water as you want." "Are you sure?" "Of course I am. I'll also set out some clothes for you. I promise it's no trouble at all, Y/N. I don't know when I will be back tonight, but feel free to order some food if you grow hungry." She nods her thanks and steps into the bathroom, locking the door behind her. Kylo lets out a deep breath. She needs to begin to trust me, what happened that caused her to be this way? He shakes the oncoming thoughts out of his head, and goes to his closet to get her some clothes. Well, what clothes that would work for her of course. He got her a black pair of boxer shorts, some sweats a tank top and a jacket. He searched for some socks. He places the items on the bed, neatly folded. He grabs a notebook from his desk, writes a quick note, places it on the pile, then leaves. --- You wash the dirt and dried blood of your aching body. You relished in feeling yourself become clean again. You rinse the conditioner out of your hair and turn the water off. You grab a soft towel and quickly dry off your body, trying not to let water fall onto the ground. You wrap the black towel around yourself and step out. Kylo was gone. You spot the pile of clothes and a note on top of them. You walk over and read it. "Don't be afraid to call if you need anything. Please make yourself comfortable, Y/N. -Kylo." You fold the note and place it beside the clothing. You put on the shorts, they were big, but the adjustable waist on the sweats should fix that. You slide the shirt over your head, followed by the warm, soft jacket. Zipping it up, you notice the smell of it, it smelled like Kylo. Feeling an odd comfort from it, you pull it closer to you. You liked it at first, but, these clothes were his. You knew you needed to get your own soon, he wouldn't want someone like you to contaminate them. You made a mental note to try to ask him for your own. Maybe you could do something extra special for him tonight when he returned. You nod to yourself, yes, that's what you'll do. He has been so kind to you after all. He probably wanted something from you. You cautiously sit on the bed, feeling the sudden wave of exhaustion hit you. You put on the socks, and place the note inside your jacket and tried to get comfortable on the bed. You didn't dare get under the sheets, he wouldn't like that. That's not your place. Moving the pillows aside, you place your head onto the soft mattress and quickly drift asleep. -- Kylo runs into Hux on his way back to his room. "Master Ren, might I ask you something?" The General says. He turns towards him. "Just one thing, Hux. I have someo- something I need to attend to." "Who was the woman you had with you earlier?" Hux asks. "No one of your concern, Hux. It's for your well being that you don't get involved." Hux nods understandingly, "I don't want to, sir. I was just wondering. Good night sir." Kylo sends him off. Before entering, he makes sure to try to keep you away from Hux, but, Hux wouldn't hurt you would he? He hasn't done anything irrational before. There's always a first for everything I guess. He enters the code and steps inside. "Y/N, I was wondering if you were-" He is cut off by the sight of you sleeping. Kylo feels relieved to see you resting up, trying to gather your strength back. Quietly stepping closer, he notices the lack of blankets on you, he could see your slight shivering, probably caused from your wet hair as well. He looks around for the towel and finds it folded on the dresser. He picks it up and gently places it on a pillow, then slides it under your head. While doing so, he notices how at peace you look. He brushes a wet stray hair from your face. He places the black blankets on top of you, in hopes of warming you up. You barely stir at first, then you let out a content sigh. He relaxes and removes his gloves and boots, then settles into a chair. Leaning back, he thinks about tomorrow. Perhaps he could start by making you breakfast, and then he could show you around. Or would you rather eat in the cafeteria? Should he introduce you? You're not a secret but, he must protect you... So many thoughts flooded his head, he runs his hands through his hair, and wills himself to be calm. What happens will happen, he tells himself. He folds his arms and falls asleep. -- You felt warm when you wake up. You rub your eyes and notice the blankets on you. No, no, no, no, these belong to Ren, you can't touch them. Frantically, you roll off the bed and look around for him. He was nowhere to be seen. You curse yourself for not waking up before him. Slowly getting up, you hear the bathroom door unlock, you spin around and see him exit, he looked tired. He looks at you with a kind look on his face. "Good morning Y/N- Are you alright?" Shit. You slept in his bed, he was awake before you and you didn't wake up when he returned last night. You shake your head frantically. No, I'm sorry sir. I was suppose to wake before you, but I didn't. Please don't be angry with me." You keep your head down, not daring to look at him. You had already failed him. "Y/N I'm glad you slept as long as you did. You don't have to do anything on my account. I want you just to focus on yourself." He walks over to you and places a warm hand under your chin. You look up at him, with tears threatening to leave your eyes. Kylo leans down and places a small kiss on your forehead. You melt under his touch, perhaps you can make everything right. You quickly look up and kiss him on his lips, you grab his arms and place them on your hips. You try to deepen the kiss but Kylo was to fast. He gently pushes you back. "No! Please, no. Y/N, you don't need to do that. Please, that kiss was supposed to be of comfort for you. I require nothing of that matter from you." You look down ashamed, you can't do anything right can you? "I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have done that. I'll go-" You rush over to the door and try to unlock it. Frantically pressing the buttons, you notice Kylo places a hand on yours and coaxes you away from the door. He sets you on the bed, and calms you with an embrace. "I'm sorry." You say. He shakes his head. "Don't be. Don't keep trying to run away, please." You nod as well. You can try, but there would be no promises. Chapter 4 Summary: A quickie because deal with it Notes: Okay so it occurred to me about how it might be confusing about the reader's age, she is in her late 20's (28-29-30), so yeah that was my bad! Kylo POV: She told me everything. Everything i needed to know. Y/N told me how she was very young when she was sold. She's been living like this for the past 17 years. Her parents were selfish enough to give away their only child for money. She's desperate, alone, and scared... She hurts, mentally, emotionally, and physically. I can sense that. And I feel... I feel like I need her. Why do I need her? Why do I feel like this? What is it about her? I feel drawn to the light. She's drawing me towards it. And I'm letting her. Why? Chapter 5 Summary: hi im back whhattt Notes: I honestly don't know about this story guys. I need ideas ANYTHING I'M SORRY ITS SHIT It felt like a blur as you explained to Kylo everything from the beginning. Your head was leaning on his broad chest, your fingers tracing designs on his chest. He nuzzled into your hair, breathing in your scent, it was soothing to him. "My last night didn't go well. We were all going home, I had to stay later to talk to my boss," You sniff, rubbing your nose. "A man that I had served before came up to me, he started to try to force me to... to..." Your voice shakes. "I said no, and you have to understand that when I say no, I mean no. I know I'm a whore but you must realize that I have boundaries. Many people have been respectful to my wishes, but this man was not one of them." You close your eyes tightly. "Does that make sense at all?" Kylo looks down at you. "Don't call yourself that." "But that's what I am. I-" "Physically yes, but you're so much more than that, Y/N. You are strong, thoughtful, giving, kind. What you do for a living does not define you." He kisses your head softly. "If you would let me, I would like to show you around the base. If that is alright with you of course." He adds. You look at him, then down at your lap. "But you have things to do, I can tell that you're someone of importance, I-" "I want to do this. Please allow someone to do something for you, allow me." Let me in, he thinks. You take a deep breath, "Alright," You let out. Kylo let's out a breath of relief. "Would you like to have some clothes your size? I can ask for some, only if you want of course." You look at him, worriedly. "I'm sorry," You go to take off his shirt, hands beginning to shake. "No, no, no. You are welcome to wear it, Y/N, I let you borrow it. In fact, you may keep it if you want. I promise it is okay to have it." Kylo says his eyes trying to plead with you. Nodding you thank him. "Do you mind if I stay in these? I'm sorry it's just... I feel safe in them..." "Of course you can." Kylo replies. "We can leave whenever you are ready alright? Don't force yourself." You look at him, straighten up, and reply "I'm ready." With a small smile.