He had rehearsed it so many times before. The first time, in his shower cubicle, his mind clouded with thoughts of the scavenger girl and the droid, of his last conversation with Supreme Leader Snoke, the water beating almost painfully hot on his pale shoulders. No need to look down at his body. Had his voice shook, back there in the chamber, even distorted by the mask? By the grace of your training I will not be seduced; he means nothing to me. It was then that the plan had taken solid form, in the humidity of the washroom– he dressed in black again in front of a fogged mirror, only turning the vents on when he was cloaked once more and– what would he say to his father? For it would not be a backstabbing. No, Han Solo would come to him. Han Solo would ask him to take his mask off. Always so sentimental, even as decrepit as he must be now. Why should I? Those were the words of a child again, pushing back, always pushing, testing, head cocked, the hint of a smile if he thought he could get away with one. He could simply refuse to remove it. But no, this was to be a trap for the old man, and he’d walk right in. No reason to keep all the defenses up. What do you think you’ll see if I do? Did Han Solo still remember the angry red blemishes, the gap-teeth, the cheekbones and jaw sharp in the too-thin face? His visits to the Jedi school had been brief, so perhaps not. Maybe he imagined a demon, some black shadow in a suit, with red eyes for extra measure, something that kept him awake at night. Or was it a face disfigured by mysterious scars, teeth a gaping yellowed grin? Kylo Ren looked his reflection in the eyes– a mistake, as it always was to remind himself of himself, but yes, he knew this was the right response. He would take the helmet off, and Han Solo would launch into some plea, some desperate attempt to convert him back to the light, but no, Han Solo’s son was gone, wasn’t he? There was no point in getting sentimental, unless it was to Kylo’s own advantage. Kylo had created a sort of script, there in the washroom, with minor variations for the things Solo might say or do, but really it was all quite similar. Solo was predictable. Kylo took to reciting it whenever he had a quiet moment– at a console when the scrolling numbers and messages all blurred together, in front of the twisted remains of Darth Vader’s helmet in his quarters, or, if he was feeling especially confident in his plan, in front of the mirror. The last time before the actual event had felt important somehow. The future was never revealed to him in a straightforward manner, no matter his command over the Force, but from the way things were going and from a feeling in the air, he had known that soon he would capture the droid he sought, and Han Solo would not be far behind him. He had taken out his lightsaber– before, he had only mimed the action– and had stood in his cramped washroom, offering it to his reflection. There, there, just a few more moments of tension– The splintering and crash of breaking glass could not possibly feel anything like a saber against a soft body, but the way his own image fractured and disappeared as the fragments dropped to the floor had evoked what he had imagined was a similar satisfaction. Now there was no more pretending and nothing to fracture, save maybe a few rib bones if his aim faltered. “Han Solo. I’ve been waiting for this day for a long time.” And he had dreaded it as well, but only the emperor felt that– control it, boy, your fear is only hatred not yet mastered – and Solo would see only the performance he had perfected. “Take off that mask! You don’t need it. Not here. Not with me.” Sentimental, as anticipated. “What do you think you’ll see if I do?” The relish of a line well delivered. He was not too stiff, not too rushed or guarded. “The face of my son.” All actors were playing their roles perfectly. And so, as planned, the big reveal. The wind on his newly uncovered face was metallic and freezing. Solo looked even older when unfiltered by glass. “Your son is gone. He was weak and foolish, like his father. And so I destroyed him.” Control it, boy. “That’s what Snoke wants you to believe.” Solo was stepping closer, clearly disarmed by the humanity of Kylo’s face. “But it’s not true. My son is alive.” “No. The Supreme Leader is wise.” Not too much doubt in the voice yet. Save the pain for the climactic moment. “Snoke is using you for your power. When he gets what he wants, he’ll crush you. Toss you aside. You know it’s true.” Those, thought Kylo, were falsehoods stated as facts that come from knowing only half the story. This happens when you ship your son off at age ten. You lose track of things. “It’s too late.” More of the pain could show in his voice now, building. Despite the freezing wind, he remembered a summer’s day, acting out some inanity with the very Wookie who stood on guard above them. Why that memory now? Was it useful in some way? Was it some small part of his mind, reminding him that he had always been an actor? “No, it’s not! Leave here with me; come home. We miss you. Your mother misses you.” “I am being torn apart…” And still, it was not of General Leia Organa that he thought, but of the Wookie. That warm day, playing a game. Or no, rehearsing a play, Chewbacca the monster, as was typical, little Ben Solo the knight. Little Ben Solo, with wide eyes and a head full of fantasies, wasn’t that right? “I want– I want to be free of this pain.” Such the actor, little Ben, but moody too, no surprise when he abandoned rehearsal with the Wookie at the sound of a voice– but not one Chewbacca heard. Hello, boy. It is nice to meet you. “I know what I have to do but I don’t know if I have the strength to do it.” When actors slipped into character, they could be overwhelmed by emotion, lose touch. Were the tears too much? Were they really too much? Were they real? Hello boy. It is nice to meet you. Little Ben paused with his heart in his throat. Oh don’t fret. I know you’re nervous because soon you will be going off too school. But you do not have to worry about being alone. I will be with you. Moody, moody little Ben, with the voice in his head that said, obey me. “Will you help me?” Tears ran slowly now down his cheeks, real ones, perhaps, but it didn’t matter. The emperor wouldn’t find out; he didn’t enter Ben’s head so much these days. Didn’t need to. “Yes. Anything.” Such supplication from an old man. He wondered if he could have made Han Solo simply jump off the bridge of his own accord. And yet, his heart beat in his throat at the thought of that. The thump of the helmet on the catwalk echoed a satisfyingly dramatic tone. He pulled out his lightsaber with his now-free hand. No more offering it to the cold of the mirror and his own likeness. Han Solo grasped it, with a frown and an intake of breath, his hand calloused and too, too old. Then the darkness came, as Kylo predicted it would, the cinematic moment courtesy of General Hux. Somewhere far from here in space and time a boy was wandering off in a garden. In that place there was, or had been sun, but here the shadows and the negative space were so, so delicious. There, there, just a few more moments of tension– by the grace of your training–hello boy, oh don’t fret– control it! The red blazed through Han Solo’s chest as if the man were hardly there. Solo’s eyes widened in surprise, but not in pain; it had to be too much all at once for his body to comprehend. Above them, the Wookie roared, and oh how much it sounded like a line from the sunlit scenes in that garden. The lightsaber sputtered as Kylo pushed it in just a bit further. “Thank you.” It was almost a whisper, but it was not uncertain like his tears, and not a line like everything he had said before. Whatever emotion those two words conveyed, he meant it, wholeheartedly. “Thank you.” All of his carefully constructed lines piled themselves on top of each other in his head, the weight of them so great that he felt forced to his knees, and he knew as surely as anything that watching his father fall from the catwalk was nothing like watching glass shatter. Notes: Kylo's lines on the bridge definitely sounded rehearsed to me. Take this as you will.