“Everyone, I want you to roll up your sleeves for a moment, and take a look at your wrist. What do you see? A name, perhaps?” A young Poe Dameron rolled up his right sleeve, like he saw Jessica do. “What does yours say, Poe?” she asked him, her beam extending across her face. She offered her own wrist. “Mine says Rey! You know whatever it says, that’s the name of your soulmate, right?” Poe stared at his own bare wrists and his smile faltered a bit as he nodded quietly. “Mine says... Finn,” he lied, mustering his strength to sit up a little straighter. He pushed down his sleeves as Jessica continued cooing about how prettily the name was written. He wondered if there was a little girl out there somewhere whose heart was racing because she found the name Jessica on her arm. A slightly more sickening thought entered his mind then- if perhaps, someone was out there, named Finn or otherwise, who had Poe’s names etched into their wrists, and there was something wrong with him. The teacher went on to explain soulmates, how everyone had one. The pit in his stomach grew. A few years of wearing long sleeves and jackets brought increasing humiliation. “I’m just cold,” he would assure Jess when she pressed the issue. Eventually she cornered him one afternoon. “Poe Dameron, show me your wrists, damn it,” she demanded, attempting to grab one of his arms in order to roll up his sleeves. “Why?” he protested, holding them as high above his head as possible, jumping to keep her from yanking them down again. After several minutes of going on in this manner, Jess finally backed against the wall and sank down, small tears filling her dark brown eyes. “Is it me?” she asked quietly. “Is this my fault?” Tears were steadily streaming down her cheeks now as she held her head in her hands, elbows resting on her knees. “What are you talking about?” “Oh come on Poe, everyone knows it. Constantly hiding your wrists, wearing long sleeves even when it’s warm, never imagining what you’re soulmate will look like or the handwriting...” Poe swallowed, adrenaline coursing through his veins. Everyone knew? What did they think? “Listen, Jess... I can’t explain, I just...” “No, damnit! I mean, I was trying to let you come to me about it, but I can’t just stand by and watch. I’m your best friend, right? I just want to know why you’re doing this to yourself. You owe me that.” She stared up at him expectantly, her expression blank and betraying nothing. Her eyes were still red from crying, but she looked utterly defeated. “Doing what to myself?” He asked in response, his brow furrowed. “God, don’t make me say it,” she replied, her eyes shifting down. “You know... c... cutting.” She said the last word in a low tone, like the word itself was as repulsive and horrid as the action it represented. “Oh God, Jess, no! I would never! I... here, look for yourself.” He unfolded his arms, slowly rolling up his left sleeve, and then his right. His forearms and wrists were clean, absent of anything. Including a name. “The reason I cover up is because... I don’t have a name. Anywhere. It’s not even in some arbitrary place. I’m just... alone. Forever.” And then he was crying too, crying as Jess pulled her arms around him, and they were crying together, for themselves and for each other, because it was all they could do. “Oh Poe, I’m so sorry,” she consolidated, rubbing his back. “You’re not alone. You won’t be. I’m here, and we’re not soulmates, and we’re not lovers, or anything close to either, but you’re still my best friend. This doesn’t change that. Nothing changes that.” They stayed hugging a little while longer in the hall, until the bell rang and they were forced to go to separate classes. “Mom, there’s... something I think I should tell you.” Poe played with his thumbs, finding it in increasingly difficult to look his mother in the eye with each second that progressed. “Okay dear. Anything,” she answered, giving him an encouraging smile. She was running every possible solution through her mind, trying to make sure that no matter how shocking, she wouldn’t overreact. “I... I don’t have a soulmate.” A pang of fear shot through him, as he scrunched up his face, bracing for her response. “Don’t have a soulmate,” she repeated, her smile having disappeared, replaced with a blank, almost cold stare. “Poe, you can’t be serious.” “Look, I don’t know why, I just thought, since I’m going off to college... I mean, you’d have to find out eventually. But hey, it’s not all bad. Jess and I are still close, and you always promise that you’ll-” “ Poe Dameron ,” his mother said firmly, in a tone that made Poe feel small despite his obvious size advantage. “You must have a soulmate. That’s just how it works! If this is some kind of joke I can promise you it’s not funny. And you know what? If this somehow isn’t a joke, then I cannot keep you here. I cannot keep supporting you I just- I can’t.” “Mom,” he pleaded, feeling like she had just quite literally crushed him, exhaling slowly as the beginnings of tears formed in his eyes. “Poe, I love you... but this... it isn’t normal.” “I’ve never been normal! The only difference is that you know now! Why is it any different?” “Because what will your father say? What will everyone else say? It will fall back on me. I can’t sacrifice so much for some... some... defective son.” A wave of nausea came over Poe, suddenly feeling as if he were going to collapse. She may have well just stabbed him and saved some trouble. It might’ve even been less painful. “I want you gone in an hour, Poe,” she continued, her tone completely indifferent, as if she was firing an employee she didn’t know, or breaking up with someone. He was out the door and on his way to Jessica’s ten minutes later, with just a small duffel bag of his most valued possessions. “Jess, I’m leaving,” he announced as soon as the door slid open. Her countenance was perplexed for a moment before she replied. “Alright, I’ll bite. Why, exactly, is this something I’m just being told, right as it is happening?” “My mom kicked me out,” he answered quietly, his voice on the brink of cracking. Her eyes widened instantly, her jaw slacking. Her brow furrowed and for a moment it seemed like she had a million things to say, but instead she just shook her head. “No way,” she finally commented after several minutes of pondering. “I don’t really want to believe it either,” Poe admitted, feeling the pit in his chest strengthen. “I shouldn’t have told her. Whoever has me would’ve found me eventually. We could both be normal, and happy.” “Poe are you even listening to yourself?” Jessica protested, shooting him a look. “Your mom constantly talks about loving and accepting people, no matter what. This isn’t your fault. You didn’t choose this, or ask for it! It just happened. And if she’s too close-minded to accept that, well then she never deserved a son as great as you anyway.” “I’m broken, Jess.” “No you’re not. And wherever you’re going, I’m coming with you.” “I can’t let you do that,” Poe argued. “You have your whole life ahead of you... I can’t let you just give that all up, and-” “Where are you going?” She persisted, her eyes set on him. “I was going to join the resistance, fight against the First Order. I think it’s something I might’ve done anyway, and now... now I have a reason to.” Poe felt his eyes start to tear up again, and he rubbed at them roughly. He took a deep breath, repeating mentally to himself that his mother wasn’t worth his tears. It didn’t make much of a difference. “Sounds fun,” Jess responded, pulling herself up. “I’ll go pack. My parents really want me out on my own at this point anyway, now that we’re out of school. They’ll be grateful.” “Jess,” Poe warned, shaking his head. Her expression changed from playful to serious almost instantaneously, and she gave him a very stern stare. “Listen to me, Poe Dameron. There’s no one named Rey anywhere around here. Even if I stayed, chances are I’d never find her. I’ll become a pilot, in the resistance, and travel the galaxy. We could do it together, and the three of us can be like a family, fighting the corrupt order together. We’ll be living the high life.” She ended with a small smile, before running inside to get her things. Poe knew he could’ve left without her, but something about getting to live with his best friend and know that she was happy and safe was oddly comforting. He didn’t have to really be alone, if he didn’t want to. And so together, the two of them met in secret with General Organa, and she immediately welcomed them into her forces. He spent several years in this manner, rising the ranks of the pilots and exploring every corner of the galaxy. He was eventually high enough to be the first choice for a mission to retrieve the map piece from a trusted source on Jakku. Of course, it was hardly the plan to get captured by the leader of the First Order himself and witness the slaughter of an entire village, people who he knew he endangered, helplessly from a transport ship. But there was one trooper in particular who he couldn’t help but watch, as they purposely missed and ceased fire as early as they could. He noticed as this stormtrooper hung his head when the deed was done, and his focus stayed on this stormtrooper until they became so small they disappeared from sight. On the ship, after Kylo Ren had stolen the information about bb8, endangering the droid, his droid, the one he had hand-painted to match his uniform, Poe was having a difficult time imagining how things could possibly get worse. He was being dragged down the hall at gunpoint by a stormtrooper, any sudden movement sure to be the death of him. A sudden tug to the right startles him out of his self-pitying. “Why are you helping me?” He demands after the stormtrooper suggests that they break out together. “Because it’s the right thing to do,” the trooper answered, his face straight and serious. Poe studied his features a moment, deciding that he was quite attractive without his helmet on. He smirked a bit, giving the trooper a once over. “You need a pilot,” he countered, and the other sighed. “I need a pilot,” he agreed, before smiling (very sweetly and innocently, which may have caught Poe off guard, had he not been preoccupied with the fact that his death was no longer certain) and pulling his helmet back on, proceeding to pretend to cart Poe around at gunpoint, as to not arise any suspicion. Poe heard the trooper whispering to stay calm, and had to bite his lip to keep from smiling. He couldn’t place it, but there was definitely something about this guy. It was quite the escape plan, really, minus the fact that they forgot to detach the tether. They got a few shots in, enough to escape, and blew up some of the blasters following them. As they were making their way back to Jakku (followed swiftly by some superior defense mechanisms), Poe asked the trooper his name, in an attempt to calm the situation a bit. “FN-2187,” he replied. “FN- wait, what?” Poe glanced over his shoulder at him, wearing a perplexed expression. “It’s the only name they ever gave me,” the trooper explained, sounding a bit uncomfortable on the subject. Poe rolled his eyes and resumed his focus on piloting the ship, avoiding the assaults launched at them. “Yeah? Well I ain’t using it,” he answered, almost hearing the other man smile. “FN, huh? FN... How about Finn?” He offered hopefully. “Finn? Yeah, I like that! Finn,” the trooper- Finn, he supposed- agreed. He hadn’t predicted a crash landing, or waking up, in the dead of night, cold and alone on a desert planet. He hadn’t been planning on stealing a ship, leaving the planet without Finn or his droid. And he certainly hadn’t planned finding a name perfectly etched into his wrist, a name of his creation, as he lay in bed. He didn’t mean to cry, but when the first tear slipped out so did the second, and then the third, and then a steady stream down his cheeks. He finally found what he so desperately wanted, only to have it brutally taken from him. He wondered for hours why the name had only just appeared, thinking back to that day at age six or seven when he had made up the name, how it had haunted him. How he had given it to Finn without a second thought, only to find once his true soulmate was gone a matter of hours after he had discovered his existence. Even more crushing was the thought of Finn, who had been abducted and indoctrinated from birth, who had the courage, the heart , to break away from the first order and all its wrongdoings, resistance alliance or not, and how he had his freedom robbed of him, his literal life snatched away. Poe Dameron didn’t leave his room for a while after that. Could you imagine the joy he felt, then, the moment his eyes locked with him once again on the resistance base? As they sprinted towards one another, an incredible burst of joy and love in their eyes, as their arms wrapped around each other? The secret delight that Poe took in seeing Finn wearing his jacket, the not-so-subtle once over he gave him, the appreciation and excitement vibrant and real? “Um, hey, buddy?” he said after a moment, feeling his face flush. “This is kinda a weird question, but I guess you would already know too, right?” He looked up, his dark eyes pleading with Finn to take charge of the situation, but the man just looked confused. “What do you mean?” “I mean, you know... I spent my whole life without a name on my arm- I guess it’s because you never had a name... but after we met, and I gave you the name Finn... Well, I’m sure you can put two and two together, right?” He sheepishly rolled his sleeves up slightly, revealing the name. He hadn’t even told Jess about its appearance, too afraid that he would break down if he brought it up. Instead of seeing his eyes light up like he’d expected, however, Finn’s eyes broke their contact and cast downward, studying the floor intently. “Poe, you seem like a really great guy- Hell, when I thought you were dead- I... I didn’t know what to do with myself. But stormtroopers, we don’t have soulmates. At least, not ones that we ever find out about. The First Order- they strip us of all personal connections, all ties, including soulmates. No- especially soulmates. The one thing that just might be more important than loyalty. Poe felt a familiar sinking feeling in his chest. It was much stronger than anything he’d ever experienced, much heavier, but he knew he’d felt it somewhere before. “I’m so sorry,” Finn apologized, his eyes welling up a bit. “I really wish it were different.” “That’s alright. Must’ve been some kind of mistake,” Poe answered, trying to keep his tone from breaking. He gave the best smile he could muster before turning away. He wouldn’t make Finn feel bad about something that wasn’t his fault. Poe just wasn’t meant to have a soulmate. That was the way it always had been, after all. He did get over it, eventually. He did it on his own, incapable of bringing himself to burden anyone else, even Jess. Finn left soon after, to retrieve someone- she might’ve been named Rey, which Poe remember smiling at, since he knew Jess would find her own happiness soon. They were going to launch a full-scale attack on Starkiller base. It was a successful mission, discounting the loss of the General’s husband and soulmate, Han Solo. Kylo Ren was left for dead by Rey, who was in fact Jess’ soulmate (which she couldn’t be happier about, naturally). Rather than celebrating, however, Poe found himself sitting next to a hospital bed after the battle. Finn had been struck badly by Kylo, and he was in a comatose state. He ran his fingers over the lines of Finn’s shoulders, the arc of his back, the curve of his sides, but nothing was enough. He wanted him here, with him, alive and well, with Poe’s name on his wrist and their lips together. A nurse came in several times, but it wasn’t until she came to change his clothing that Poe finally lost it. There, on his back, tattooed in large letters, was Poe Dameron . Notes: I wanted to write a soulmate au and I was thinking about how Finn didn't have a name until Poe gave him one and then I wrote this. Props to my friend Lena (@officialoscarisaac on tumblr) for giving me the idea about where Poe's name is on Finn