The Meeting Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) To be caught in a torrential rain on a desert planet was a fitting irony. Ben Solo looks out at the chaos occurring on the surface of Jakku through the small, circular window of a stone hut. Lightning flashes and the sky crackles like two lightsabers striking against each other in an angry battle. The clouds are obsidian and huge. Puddles are forming above the water-blackened sand. The storm of a lifetime. “We should have come another time,” Ben tells his uncle. “Nonsense. This storm will pass quickly. They never last long in the desert.” “That’s not what I meant,” Ben says impatiently. “I wanted to finish my training.” “You will, my boy. Our visit here will only help you. Besides, mind-control shouldn’t be rushed.” “Why am I the only one who needs additional training?” Ben grits out. “Why did the rest get to stay behind and finish their training, but not me?” His questions are only met with a weary sigh. The storm does end soon. Ben jumps at the opportunity to go outside and put as much distance between himself and his uncle as he could. “Ben, where are you-” His uncle’s words are cut off once he slams the door shut. He strides past the residences and trade posts of Tuanal without giving them a second glance. There are large puddles running through the streets, but he makes no effort to avoid them and the water soaks through his boots. He reaches Luke’s landspeeder and doesn’t think about where he is going when he climbs inside and turns on the ignition. When he glides away from the village, he reaches out to the Force and follows one of the many paths it weaves in the air like a thread in a piece of fabric. He passes by the withered remains of old technology left over from the Battle of Jakku many years ago. Some of the aircrafts had been left with cavernous holes in their sides as tall as mountains. He passes a junkyard settlement. It is quiet and dark. Its haphazard tent structures make for ominous silhouettes. It was not his intention to stop the landspeeder anywhere. Yet the carcass of one of the bigger battleships catches his eye and pulls him in, and he soon finds himself jumping out of the vehicle and circling the half-buried thing until he finds an opening- a hole in a wall at the back of the ship big enough for his tall frame to fit through. There are traces of Light and Dark Force energy inside. It conflicts, though Ben senses the Dark Side’s dominance. The ship must have once belonged to the Empire. A noise startles Ben out of his focus. He tenses, and his hand flies to the blaster pistol at his side. It was a drawn out, melancholy sound. At first, Ben is hesitant. Then he thinks it could be an abandoned droid worth a valuable sum, and he considers the risks. If it was indeed a threat, he was powerful enough with the Force to stop them. Taking slow, careful steps, he follows it. Moonlight filters through gaping holes in the roof and illuminates the inside, so he navigates with ease. He knows the noise came from somewhere further inside, but he is lost when he reaches a narrow hallway with control rooms on either end. He peaks inside one of them. What little remains of the control panels and computer screens is covered in sand and dust. He hears the noise again, and his head snaps in the direction he heard it from. It comes from somewhere further down beyond the hallway he is in, but much closer than before. With careful steps, he treads in its direction. He removes the blaster pistol from its holster. With one quick movement of his thumb, the safety comes down with a click . He comes around the edge of a hallway, and upon sensing a life form slouching against the wall only a few feet away, he grips the pistol tighter, ready to shoot. And just as quickly, his grip slackens. He frowns. A small girl sits on the floor, her face in her hands. Her shoulders are shaking. She is sniffling, and Ben understands. The noises he was hearing had been moans of anguish. He doesn’t know how long he stands there, curiously studying this random girl and wondering what in the world she was doing there. Despite the dim lighting, he can make out that she is thin, and that the clothes she wears are nothing more than dirty rags. Unable to hold back his curiosity, he asks, “Who are you?” The girl looks up with a gasp. She uses her hands to push herself further against the wall and away from him. “I mean no harm,” he says. Her face is pale and round, and her nose and mouth are red from crying. Her eyes are wide and bright. She watches him intently, as if he were a sand snake ready to leap on her at any moment. Then, she spots the pistol he holds in his hand, and her eyes widen a fraction more. Ben has forgotten that it was still in his hand. He places it back in its holster. “I mean no harm,” he repeats. She still looks him up and down with frightened eyes. “What is your name, girl?” He thinks she will remain silent once again. It occurs to him that he could try to reach out with the Force to relax her mind, but he hasn’t mastered that skill quite yet. Luke had also warned him about exploiting that particular asset of the Force. To meddle with the mind could be considered an invasion of privacy and also do some serious damage. Ben dismisses thoughts of his uncle, not particularly bent on agreeing with him. The situation doesn’t call for it anyway. He doesn’t much care if she answers or not. However, after a pause of consideration, the girl mumbles, “Rey.” “Rey what?” She sniffles and shakes her head. “I don’t know.” Ben snorts. Either the girl is lying or lost. “How old are you?” “Seven.” She is ten years younger than him. “And what,” Ben takes a few steps towards her, “is a seven-year-old like you doing hiding out in a battleship at night, all alone?” She doesn’t answer him. Instead, she brings up her knees and wraps her arms around them the closer he gets. Having gotten closer, Ben sees that the girl is shivering. It takes him moment to realize why. She is soaking wet from head to toe, and the air is cold, now that it’s nighttime. She must’ve been caught in the storm. The rain has soaked her hair, and individual strands press against her pale forehead. “If you stay here, you’ll get sick from the cold,” he tells her. “You need to go back to whatever village you came from.” She begins to rock back and forth. She says something, but the words are muffled where she has her mouth pressed against her knees. “I can’t hear you,” Ben says. She lifts her head and exclaims, “I can’t go back!” before bowing her head once more. Ben raises an eyebrow at this outburst. “And why is that?” She stops moving, and when she lifts her head again, a determined frown creases her forehead. “I don’t want to work for Unkar Plutt anymore. So tell him I’m not coming back and leave.” Ben steps even closer and crouches down in front of her. “Ah, so you’re one of Unkar’s little scavengers.” She is startled by his close proximity and moves back until her back hits the wall. She thinks he is here to take her back to Unkar, Ben realizes. An older scavenger sent on a hunt to herd all the sheep led astray back into their pen. “I don’t work for him,” Ben tells her. Her eyes, which Ben makes out to be hazel, narrow. He imagines this isn’t the first time she has run away, if she is cautious enough to be suspicious of him. “You don’t need to be afraid,” he reassures her. She continues to glare. “What’s your name?” He hesitates. There is a name he’s tempted to give, but it sits too heavy on his tongue. “Ben,” he finally says. “Ben Solo.” “If you aren’t working for Unkar, then what are you doing here, Ben Solo?” Of all things, Ben has not anticipated being interrogated by a seven-year-old. Perhaps he would’ve take her confrontational question more seriously if she wasn’t so small and… cute . One corner of his lips twitches upward. “Exploring.” She seems to consider this answer, and he isn’t sure what he would say if she inquires further. However, a shiver visibly travels through her body, and her teeth chatter. She hugs herself tighter, and Ben is momentarily forgotten as she focuses on warming herself. Ben’s dark eyes consider her small frame. It was absurd, how stubborn she was in spite of the circumstances. Would she stay here the whole night if he left? Or would she eventually crawl out and run back to one of the shelters in Niima Outpost? Ben stands up, and his hands act of their own accord. He unclasps the latch at the shoulder of his robe and pulls it off in one swift motion, leaving only his black tunic to protect his torso. “Here,” he says, extending it out to her. “Take it.” He stands tall above her, and he could see the wariness in her eyes. But eventually, she ever-so-slowly reaches out with a small, dainty hand, grabs the fabric, and takes it. She frowns at the heavy thing and starts gingerly feeling it with her hands. After a minute, Ben sighs impatiently. “You’re supposed to put it on.” She looks at him for a moment, then back to the cloak. Then, finally, she takes one end and wraps it around her shoulder. After wrestling with the too-large thing for a few seconds, she manages to completely wrap herself within the black fabric, the sand-colored rags she wears no longer visible. “I suggest you go back down there. The cloak won’t keep you warm for long.” Ben stands. The cold, bitter air is already beginning to sneak through the holes in his tunic, and he has no more reason to stay. He has tired out his frustration and knows he’ll need sleep to be ready for whatever struggles will arise tomorrow. He begins to head for the entrance. “Ben Solo,” he hears her mumble behind him. He pauses at the end of the hallway. “‘Solo’ like Han Solo?” she says excitedly. “The smuggler who traveled the galaxy with Princess Leia and Luke Skywalker?” Ben’s shoulders tense, and he turns his head to look at her. He shakes his head. “You delude yourself, girl. Han Solo and Luke Skywalker are only myths.” Her shoulders droop and she casts down her gaze. She is foolish, Ben thinks, to idolize those she does not know. He is sliding into the landspeeder when he hears Rey’s voice cry out “Wait!” He turns around and sees her figure stumbling towards him through the sand, the tails of his cloak flapping with the wind and winding between her legs. She identifies the XP-42 landspeeder within seconds of laying her eyes on it. He knows why she ran after him but lets her shyly ask if he could take her to Niima Outpost anyway. “All right,” he consents. The smile on her face as she jumps inside the speeder tempts one to form on his own. He could sense her excitement threatening to spill over as she fidgets in her seat and her eyes roam curiously over every inch of the vehicle. Niima Outpost is only five minutes away by landspeeder, though by foot it is a hefty distance. She watches him turn on the ignition and work the controls at first, then stares out into the sea of sand the rest of the journey, huddling in the cloak as the harsh wind blows against them. This is not how he imagined his night would go. He thinks of his uncle and knows he would never have guessed this is what he’d be up to. There is no trace of a smile on Rey’s face once she is climbing out of the landspeeder at the edge of the Outpost. “Thank you for helping me, Ben,” she says. “Oh, and your cloak!” She hurriedly begins to unwrap herself from it, but Ben says, “No. Keep it.” She stops but looks unsure. “I have plenty of others, I promise.” She looks visibly warmer once she stops unwrapping the cloak and hugs herself again. She purses her lips. “Are you going to come back?” she asks. For a moment, Ben thinks she sounds almost hopeful, which was ridiculous, considering she just met him. “It’s unlikely,” he tells her. “I’m not from here.” “Oh,” she mumbles. Then, after a moment, she shrugs. “Well, neither am I. I’m just waiting for my family to come back, and then we’ll go somewhere else.” “Your family,” Ben repeats. She nods. “They’re on a mission on another planet right now, so they had to leave, but they’ll be back soon.” Ben frowns at first. Then the realization hits him like a cold gust of wind. Knowing how most of the scavengers ended up where they were, Ben knows whatever family she may have once had was never coming back. He doesn’t tell her this. Instead, he offers her the only words of comfort he knows that won’t give her any false hope, an expression that he’d gotten into the habit of using as a parting utterance before any trying times ahead. “May the Force be with you, Rey.” He isn’t sure whether she understands. He can’t imagine a seven-year-old scavenger on a planet as hopeless and isolated as Jakku knows about the Force and how it lived inside every living being, how it lived inside her. He doesn’t stick around to find out. As he sweeps through the seemingly eternal desert, illuminated by the enchanting blue light of a lone moon, he can vividly picture Rey trudging back to a barely-standing shelter at Niima Outpost and finding a corner within to curl up against, clinging tightly to the cloak he’d given her as she lies her small head against the sand floor and shuts her tired eyes, falling into a deep slumber. He knows of what she dreams. There is a wide resplendent ocean, and she stands on an island cloaked in verdant green. There are three other people on the island- a husband and wife, and a young child about her age. They smile at her and wave her over, and she runs to them with open arms. Notes: I don't know how accurate my depiction of the weather conditions on Jakku actually are, but I hope it's believable enough. Flash floods do occur in the desert, and it also gets cold in the desert, and weather conditions vary from planet to planet. Plus, this is an entirely fictional world and I get to have some creative license with this stuff, right? The next chapter will hopefully be posted sooner than later. I plan to split this story in half- the first half will consist of past events, and the second half will consist of post-TFA events. Chapter 2 : The Bridge When he returns to the hut, it is pitch black. His uncle has already gone to sleep in his cot, as Ben could determine from the sound of his slow and steady breathing. R2-D2 sits in the corner and gives a soft beep when Ben enters. You’re back. Ben gives a momentary glance at the droid, who is newly polished. Luke had been rubbing him down from all the sand that had blown into the crevices of his parts before Ben left. He gives no response as he navigates to his own cot in the dark and plops down on it. He’s hungry, he realizes, but he cannot bring his legs to stand again. He takes off his boots, sets them aside, and finally lays his head to rest on the thin pillow. Tomorrow, he and Luke were to meet with a member of the Church of the Force. At the thought, Ben lets out a long sigh. The Church of the Force has a strong presence in the village of Taunul. Members of the Church strongly believe the reestablishment of the Jedi Order would bring balance to the Force. They had been operating for a long time, according to his uncle. During the Empire’s rule, they functioned as an underground operation but could now express their beliefs freely. To Luke, the Church is valuable. They had assisted him in his search for potential Jedi across the galaxy. That is how he established the Jedi school in Coruscant. One member he talks of more than the others: Lor San Tekka. The man is supposedly more knowledgeable on the history of the Jedi than most. Luke had gone on and on about how San Tekka had helped him learn about the spiritual beliefs of the Jedi (teaching him what Obi-Wan Kenobi could not) and assisted in determining the locations of the remaining Jedi Temples scattered throughout the galaxy. Though Luke had remained vague on the subject and had not specified who in the Church would give him the “guidance” he thinks Ben is in need of, Ben guesses that is who they would be meeting the next day. The thought is exhausting enough to put him to sleep. Shadows wander at the edge of his dream. He stands before a long bridge that he cannot see the end of. Beneath it is a bottomless void. Tentatively, he steps forward. It does not give, yet the darkness ahead keeps him from moving further. The sound of muffled voices from behind makes him turn his head. There is a hallway behind him with metallic paneled walls; he must be abroad some sort of ship. At the end of the hall stand two figures. Ben cannot make out their words, so he starts heading toward them. From this distance, he could already tell they are yelling at each other. Their necks are strained. The shorter of the two has his hands balled into fists, while the other has his hands on his hips. He knows who they are before he can see their faces. A familiar tightness forms in his chest at the sight of himself arguing with his father. It is a slightly younger version of himself, with shorter hair and not nearly as much muscle in his form. Ben does not wish to continue further or know what they could be arguing about this time. Yet their voices grow louder and louder, until finally— “I don’t want to train with Luke!” young Ben exclaims. “You said I could travel the galaxy with you once I was older and go on diplomatic missions. Now that I’m older, you’re sending me away?” “If your mother said you need training, then that’s what you’re going to do,” Han says sternly. “End of discussion.” Ben clenches his fists. He remembers this argument all too well. He wants to tear his eyes away, yet he can’t. “Why do I need training?” Ben inquires. Han sighs. “You need it so you can control your powers, learn to concentrate. Find balance. I’m not good at explaining this stuff, all right?” “Why can’t you do it?” Ben persists. “Or Mom?” Han shakes his head. “We can’t train you. Only Luke can. He knows how to use the Force more than we do.” “But I know how to use it too, Dad. I’m powerful with the Force,” the boy says eagerly. “Mom said I’m even more powerful than Luke was at my age. I want to go with you. Please, if you just let me-” “That’s enough , Ben!” his father shouts. Ben flinches. A shaky breath. “Our decision is final.” There is a visible shift in the boy’s stance. Tears well in his eyes. The look of hurt is quickly replaced by one of determined concentration. Slowly, Ben lifts his right hand towards his father. An expression of horror strikes Han’s features. He freezes in place, then doubles back into the wall. For a moment, there is only the sound of Han’s shuffling movements as he tries to gain back control of his body. Ben knows his younger self is grappling with his father’s thoughts, trying to extract the information he needs while using his sudden surge in power. He still remembers the images he found in his father’s head. There wasn’t much, but it was all he had needed. Memories of conversations with Leia spoken in lowered voices as they watched Ben sound asleep in his bed. Whispers of “he’s unstable” and “we can’t raise him”, followed by snippets of Han talking to Luke, asking if he could take Ben under his wing. “I don’t know how to handle him, Luke.” From all that he’d managed to gather, young Ben had understood two things: his father had been ashamed of his son, and he didn’t want him. The invasion doesn’t last long. Soon, Ben drops his hold on his father and they both collapse to their knees, panting. “Ben…” Han reaches out with one hand with the intention to place it on his son’s shoulder. Sweat sheens his forehead, and he is breathing heavily. “So that is what you think of me, Father.” The boy’s voice trembles. “I’m an embarrassment to you.” “No. You’re…. you’re wrong,” Han makes out between gasps. “Leia and I, we only want what’s best for you.” The Ben that is watching the scene unfolding in front of him clenches his teeth. The darkness surrounding him in the dream hums at his father’s word. Lies. Young Ben hangs his head and lets out a strangled sob. “You’re sending me away because you’re ashamed. What have I ever done to make you feel that way?” “Ben, listen to me,” Han pleads. “Am I a burden to you, Father?” young Ben raises his voice, speaking above Han. “More than you bargained for?” He stands shakily to his feet, and Han’s hand falls off his shoulder. “Mother told me you never planned to have me. Has it become too much for you now?” Han stands on unsteady feat and leans against the wall for support. He growls in frustration. “I am sending you away because you are out of control! ” Ben is silenced. “You- you’re so impatient. So sensitive and eager. You’re having these…these outbursts ,” Han gestures widely with his hand. “You could hurt somebody. Look at yourself, Ben.” Older Ben can’t help but wince at the words even now. Yes, his younger self is an ungainly sight. Eyes reddened with tears and the pathetic desire to please his father apparent on his face, even though he knows now it is a futile effort. The darkness around him rumbles likes thunder clouds. He could hear it hissing, You are never enough for him. “It’s for your own good,” Han states. Tears glisten on Ben’s face, but he has stopped crying. He straightens and, without saying a word more, flees down the corridor. The Ben watching had been desperate for the scene to end, yet he steps forward now, carefully watching his father. He didn’t know what had transpired after this. Han stood leaning on the wall, steadying his breathing. Exhaustion marred his features. Ben held his breath, waiting for a sneer or a disdainful stare in the direction his younger self had left. It was sure to come. But the dream becomes entirely enveloped by darkness. His father and the corridor fade away. Ben turns around and finds the bridge still there. At the end of it stands a man dressed all in a black with a helmet masking his face and a cape hanging from his shoulders. Ben isn’t sure how he knows it is his grandfather. The sight of him is enough to make him tense. His throat goes dry. There is a pregnant pause as he waits for Darth Vader to speak. Instead of speaking, his grandfather unleashes a red lightsaber and points it at Ben. The urge to turn and run becomes overwhelming. His heart is thrumming in his chest because he can sense Vader’s intentions. You are weak. The shadows speak again. Ben isn’t sure whether it is Vader’s voice, or someone else’s entirely. Witness true power. With deft, determined steps, Vader makes his way towards him across the bridge. Ben wants to move, but his legs are glued to the spot. He tries to turn his torso, but to no avail. He is being held in place by the Force. When his grandfather is a mere two feet away, there is no hesitation. He swings back the lightsaber and plunges it straight through Ben’s heart. Ben awakens with a start. He sits up in bed, gasping for air. Luke is at his side. He places a hand on his shoulder. “Ben,” he says worriedly. “Are you all right?” “I- I saw-” Ben stutters. He looks around the room frantically, searching for any descending clouds of darkness that talk and breath and tell him things he does not want to hear. “My father...and….my…” With a patience that he has learned to develop over years of discipline, Luke waits for Ben to gather himself and his thoughts. His calm blue eyes search the boy’s pale and sweaty face for clues of what has disturbed him. After the terror abates, and his breathing is normal again, Ben’s face resumes its default stoic expression. He turns so that he can sit with his legs hanging from the edge of the cot and stares blankly at the floor. “Was it a Force vision?” Luke asks. “No,” Ben answers flatly. "Just another nightmare.” Luke is not convinced. “You’ve been having these nightmares rather frequently. Force visions can often resemble dreams, but if there is a reoccurring theme-” “I said it’s nothing,” Ben snaps. After this, Luke decides not to press him. It is the early hours of the morning, and his uncle says it is good that they are both awake; it was time for them to go and meet with the Church of the Force. Luke walks over to Artoo to switch off his low-power mode. The droid beeps excitedly. Ben cannot pretend to share the same sentiments. There is a hint of dusk at the planet’s edge when they leave the hut. It creates a gradient of white-yellow sky that transitions into a deep blue. They begin to make their way into Taunul village. There are rows of other clay and stone huts that closely resemble their own, some bigger and some smaller. This early in the morning, the streets and most of the trading posts are deserted. Only the wind and the flapping of tent sheets are heard, along with occasional soft beeps from Artoo, who trails behind them. “Where is your cloak?” his uncle asks him after a few minutes of walking in silence. Ben is momentarily confused about the whereabouts of the clothing item himself when he suddenly remembers Rey. “Last night, I found a young scavenger girl hiding out in the remains of a ship. She had gotten wet from the storm and it was cold. I gave her the cloak so that she wouldn’t die,” Ben explains. The threat to the girl’s life was an exaggeration, he knows, but he would feel foolish saying he gave her his possession for anything less. “Then she asked me to take her back to the Outpost, and I did.” “A young scavenger girl?” Luke asks, surprised. “What was she doing away from the Outpost?” “She said she didn’t want to work as a scavenger anymore, so she ran away.” Luke hums thoughtfully. “Sounds brave. Not many have the guts.” He forgot to add foolish , Ben thinks. Then, he remembers something Rey said. Curiosity gets the better of him, despite what he already knows, so he decides to ask. “Uncle, do any of the scavengers have families?” “It’s very unlikely,” Luke says solemnly. “At least for the young scavengers. Some of the older ones have come to work at the Outpost to pay off old debts, so they may have families on the planets they originally came from. Otherwise, most are orphans, whether their families have left them behind or been killed.” That confirms Ben’s suspicions. Little Rey better learn about the mistake of having high expectations, or she was bound for a life of disappointment.