Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) War of Hearts; Distasted grunts and moans, hands touching and lips clashing as a new wound bleeds without pain. Blood drips onto the virgin white sheets, thrashed around with a fight for dominance, supremacy is established in blue, devilish eyes of an alpha officer. The heat soars, groans and mewls are aloud as he wraps hands around the other’s throat at pressures hard. There’s kicks, he fights back with claws that grab onto skin like it’s softer then it is, like a pillow that’s easy scratched into. Blue eyes yell in pain, brown eyes caress in triumph, waiting for the next roll of gingered hips. He holds power filled thrusts, the general does, penetrating dangerous grounds in the heat of his enemy. The air is sweet with sweat and lust, of an invisible war between the naturally dominant and the unlikely submissive. The other lets out a choked cry for help and the ginger let’s him go free of the grip. Blue eyes run over bruised skin, forcing himself further into the warmth, feeling the pulse of his manhood run along the walls of his drunken colleague, delighted when he hits the spot that make’s the raven haired man arch his back, touching their naked bodies together, once again. Furthermore the Lord’s weeping into the sheets that he pulls at with white fists, holding on for pure mercy as his ass is ploughed by the general. His body is feverish, his mind calls out for more contact, ignoring the grunts, the cries and the blood already spilled. Puified pain and weeping forgotten about, the Ginger holds him closer at the hips as his knot swells and the Lord stretches to accommodate the semen of his alpha. Kylo wakes up with a pain in his head that he can’t shake and a horrendous pain in his ass. It’s tearing, like he’s been torn apart and he can’t fathom why or how, and fuck he can’t even remember what happened last night. There was a mission in Shili-, no it had to be in Endor because...or wasn’t he there last week? Ok, never mind where he was, he can’t consider why he was there either. But, strangely enough, he can recall there being hologram of Hux telling him to get his ass back to the base before, and he quotes, “..before I destroy that thing you call your grandfather!” He’s pretty sure there was a fight then, he remembers the bottle of old liquor he found in the cabinet and...oh yeah, he pretty much got knocked up on alcohol before passing out. Hux should fit in there somewhere. He can always see those judging blue eyes glaring over him. “Alpha officer,” he mocks in his head as he throws a pillow over closed eyes, “More like incompetent little shit.” He sighs to himself, his first time being hung-over, Hux was going to kill him. His mind distracts long enough for him not to notice the sigh that comes from the man sleeping soundly beside him. Kylo hasn’t looked around himself yet, eyes to unfocused and blurry for him to care about anything other than the fact that he seems to be completely naked. Alright, that’s odd, he thinks for a moment before looking at the ground beside him. On the floor his clothes are strewn everywhere, his boxers are half way across the room, barely hanging onto his dresser, his robes along with his heavy scarf are at the side of his bed, his pants lay at the end of it. So he had fun undressing the night before, fuck.. he must’ve been so drunk. His eyes fall back to his boxers, focusing on the wet patches that haven’t yet dried and then he’s reminded of his heat and how last night it was due. He knew he was going to go through this one, he’d left the suppressants behind years ago, much to Hux’s dismay ...but why didn’t he feel it know? Shouldn’t he be gripping his stomach in pain, trying to claw out his insides? Shouldn’t he feel hot, or feverish? Questions lingered for a moment before he remembered he kept the data on his holopad. He reached blindly across the bed to get it, feeling around for his night stand. “Ow.. Watch your hands...,” he paused. Alright call him crazy but he’s starting to wonder where and when the fuck did his bed learn to talk...and breath? His eyes shoot open, and he inhales deeply as he pushes himself up like he’s being woken from a horrible, horrible nightmare. He’s not of course, his boxers are still where they were but moreover the breathing still rises and falls softly. He regrets looking to his side. “Hux!?” he nearly jumps straight out of the bed and onto the floor, grabbing the blanket and covering his naked chest, suddenly a lot more self conscious. The ginger general stirs slightly, not fully waking up until Kylo kicks him into the back with his foot. “Watch it!” He threatens sleepily as he sits up and starts rubbing his eyes. It doesn’t occur to him once that this isn’t his quarters and that he doesn’t know who the fuck just hit him in the back. He takes a minute to register his surrounding before he focuses on Kylo, whose naked, sitting across from him and looking just about as confused as he feels. “What are you doing in my room!?” Hux forgets and screams at the quivering raven haired man-child. “Your room!? These are my quarters!” He grips the blanket tighter, fearing the other man might see through them. He’s embarrassed to show off his pale white skin, much like the snow on the blasted man made planet they called a base. Hux’s prized possession, he was lucky he even got a room of this size. “Wha-? Did we...are you...ugh, fuck, I can’t remember what happened last night!” He throws himself back against the pillows shaking the headboard that looks kind of broken from where Kylo is but he ignores that and focuses much more on his rival now lying in his bed naked and with no recollection of anything that happened the night before. Kylo Ren sighs because shit, they’re in big trouble when they remember, “That makes two of us.” They take a moment to think, Hux is concentrating to hard on the smell in the air that Kylo doesn’t bother noticing. It’s mostly sweat but there’s also that littler hint of an extremely desperate omega and he can’t miss the hint of alpha. He gets the fusion of his own scent with the knight’s. His own scent and Kylo’s mixing together. Fearing the worst he turns around to the omega whose hair lies against his neck, wet looking from their strenuous activities...Hux curses to himself. “Show me your neck, Ren,” he says a little bit too demanding but Kylo’s post heat and submissive so he obeys without question. His neck is full of bites and bruises, there’s even purple lines around his neck that make him look as if he’s been strangled... But there’s no mating mark, no sign to show that they are tied together for their rest of their lives and Hux rejoices. “That’s fine, thank you,” He nods his head and turns his legs around so he can get up out of the younger man’s bed and try and attempt to sneak back to his own quarters without getting caught. But before he can he’s dragged back in by an irritated knight, who can’t seem to grasp why they were in the same bed naked. “Remember after the mission and we had that fight?” Hux asks as he tries to explain the memories coming back in heaps. Ren leans in closer to listen; they’re both sitting up now and the omega is like a house pet, drawn closer by the attention he’s been given. Gradually he starts to remember what Hux does. There was shouting and drinking, and he remembers getting warmer, his heat had hit and Hux was an alpha. Just like he’d clipped the last piece of a jigsaw puzzle everything came together. “Yes, I do...about the mask wasn’t it? What you said,” Hux’s shoulders tense, like he’s expecting Kylo to lash out at him again but he doesn’t. He’s actually rather calm about it, his mind has to be somewhere else, Hux decides. “Yes, that,” He treads on thin ice, “...but after that we drank, or you made me drink.” He’s cursing himself for falling into the ‘just one’ trap that Kylo played. When he found Ren in his chambers he’d already been drinking, choking down a bottle of the finest wines from Ryloth. It was pure alcohol, and being dizzy from the first sip didn’t stop him from taking another. He eyed the empty glasses like they were poison, staining the room with the reminder that they were so drunk as to actually result in touching each other. Hux’s body reacted in light of the brief memory he’d received: Kylo Ren moaning underneath his fingertips, the punk bastard spreading his legs only to wrap them around Hux’s waist, dragging him further until he screamed out Hux’s name, his first name? But Kylo Ren moaning. Ren watched him and for once he was the one giving the judging stares and the slight cock of the eyebrow, “I can see inside your head, general, and quite honestly I don’t think I’m ever going to look at you the same way. You took advantage of me being drunk and in heat?” Hux slumps his shoulders, avoiding the knight so he won’t see his blush and grabs the black under vest from the floor that’s just in his reach, “Excuse me Ren, but I wouldn’t do anything unless it was consensual. So you must’ve been as willing as I was,” he speaks with regret. But, what if there was no consent? Kylo shrugs off the blanket, ignoring Hux like it comes naturally and pushes himself off the mattress. He’s careful not to fall but his leg held a slight limp that Hux can’t stop watching. And his gaze doesn’t falter as the younger bends down to pick up his clothes lying all over the floor. It’s then that Hux notices the dried slick and cum that stains the length of Ren’s long legs, he typically hates feeling bad but this time he doesn’t care. He was doubtlessly rough, he normally would be when he gets too drunk to care, and if this was Ren’s first time..His stomach just dropped. ...But, maybe it wasn’t? He groans to himself as he follows the omega up off the bed still without words. It was the first time he’d seen his naked figure so clearly, usually he was covered head to toe in black fabric, embarrassed to even show his face. And when Hux sees the mask going on he actually sighs a little. The crew don’t even know if he’s human or not, most of them haven’t had the privilege of getting to see their Lord’s facial features. Hux has many times, he’s even seen Ren cry more than once. The omega hates to admit it but Hux knows he sees him as a friend. “Don’t get so cocky, General,” the harshly robotic voice presses as he passes with a flick of his cape, “You’re just a pawn.” It’s meant to hurt but Hux doesn’t care. There’s a war going on and it’s not in his head either. His eyes are bleak in hope when he watches the other man disappear out the door. And he hates him, surely . Notes: Hope you enjoyed! Let me know what you think~ :D Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The pilot is overconfident, arrogant and conceited, just like Ren remembered him. Overpowered by the thoughts of himself outstanding the angered force wielder, he’s annoyingly reluctant. All Ren needs is the information that the troopers can’t seem to take from their prisoner. And the omega hunts through the hallways in rage because they can’t take it from him. His plan is to take out his antagonism on one of the unexpected officers, but his mind reminds him that the beta pilot might be the more interesting alternative. When another stormtrooper approaches him without the information he takes it upon himself to get it. “I had no idea we had the best pilot in the resistance on board,” He starts with an enquiring tone, watching as the man acknowledges the unknown surroundings. He looks tired through the glass of Kylo’s mask, with a bloodied wound on his head that he can’t recall the man getting, “Comfortable?” “Not really,” The man replies unequivocally, watching his every stir. It’s a smart move on the Pilots part, Ren respects his humour like he did when they were younger; But it’s not the same as it was. “So they let an omega in charge of negotiations?” The pilot stammers weakly after Ren comes close enough for him to catch his weak scent. “This is a problem, pilot?” He leans in, resting his arm against the chair in which his prisoner sits. “No, I’m just surprised that the First Order allows the same... diversity as we do,” His tone sounds almost drunk, slurred on pain and exhaustion. Kylo takes his time to nourish this kind of torture because he knows it’s the worst kind. The pilot, Dameron, his life is in Kylo’s hands and he knows that. That’s the torment. He doesn’t know how the Lord is feeling but Kylo knows how he does. And he’s confused, anguished. “The resistance?” Ren pressures delicately, “You mean the group with the only aim to destroy the order? I’m impressed, Pilot. You have been able to endure most of our interrogation techniques, and with such little training from the people you call a family. They’ll disappoint you eventually.” “What do you know?” His eyes watch Kylo’s hands the whole time they’re together. He should be frightened, his mind tries to fight back the fear but it slips through, thrilling the force user. “And you’re techniques are useless,” Poe spits, “I thought the first order would’ve been more experienced.” “I know a lot more then you think,” He suddenly inches closer, reaching his hand out towards the shaking Pilot and the air thins around them. It’s a pain for Kylo to use this power so freely, putting stress on his brain, attempting to extract pieces and place them together. At first he sees a child, laughing and looking around with bright but dark coloured eyes. The raven hair is so familiar to him, seeing a child that’s mirrored to himself. But he’s happy, an emotion Kylo hasn’t felt since he himself was a young boy. “I can see who you think I am and your emotions betray you...You know that boy is dead, she told you that. Did she lie, you’re wondering. You feel betrayed?” He digs in deeper, forcing out more memories of that child that he attempts to look past. The pilot resists him, trying with vigour to get him out from his head. Kylo draws him forward, focusing harder and it’s about enough to make the man so desperate as to hand him over the vital records. He lets out a bloodied scream, his head slumps back then, unconscious from the stress put onto his mind but Kylo feels a fragment of that pain too. It’s not enough, his mind is advanced but it can still make him wonder about things he hasn’t had to think about in a while. His childhood, for example. He takes the silence as his leave, throwing the pilot a last glance before he walks towards the exit of the cell where the general waits for the result. Hux hasn’t been awkward with him since the day they woke up beside each other, Kylo tries not to be awkward around him. “It’s in the droid,” he informs as he walks up the steps and passed the guards who shut the doors behind him. Hux follows him but Ren doesn’t listen to what he says, rather focuses on getting the droid as quickly as he could. This was imperative, finding Luke was their last chance at bringing Order to the galaxy and he would not squander it. “Ren, are you even listening to me?” Hux notices as he trails slowly behind. Kylo rolls his eyes under the mask that keeps him emotionless, “No, General.” “Ren, this is not a joke, stop acting like a child,” He speaks like a mother to an impish child and Ren hates it, “You’re not possibly still agitated over what happened that other day are you?” Kylo stops in the middle of the corridor, forcing a group of stormtroopers to avert and walk around them, “That’s enough, General Hux. If you want to talk about what happened recently I suggest you do it more privately. ” “Of course, Lord Ren,” the ginger general bows his head in respect but there’s hardly any between them, “Then I’ll meet you in my chambers whenever you’re free.” Kylo turns back to just meet those deceitful blue eyes once more, scheming over something or other, catching the Knights attention. Hux thankfully can’t see his eyes so shaky because of the stress and the shadows, the confusion over everything that’s creeping upon him so fast. He’s vulnerable here out in the middle of the corridor around everyone. The soldiers don’t look at him like he feels they do, Hux dosen’t look at him the way he feels he does. “After your meeting, general,” he says vigilantly, softly. “Of course,” Hux agrees and Kylo scrutinizes the smirk that’s so discreetly hidden by the touch of the general’s gloved hand to his own mouth, “Please, don’t be late.” “I have no reason to be,” He almost growls as he thunders back down the corridors. Hux walks the other way. It’s not long but Kylo takes off his helmet as he waits for Hux’s meeting to conclude, watching the time click away on his holopad. It’s not usual he gets the time to sit around and play with his tech, so he cherishes this moment because won’t get another so soon. In honestly all he wants is to remember and he’s trying his best to recollect as he sits outside the General’s chambers. As he had supposed, not many people pass him there; only superior officers who state their business to him every time they pass. But frankly, he really doesn’t care. At some point he’s looked away from his holopad, his eyes find comfort in the floor until he hears the sharp clicking of finely polished boots against the tiled paving of the floors. He’s listened long enough to know whose boots they were. And just as he’d expected the General comes around the corner, sharing a callous look with the force user. “The mask is off?” He asks as he presses the buttons that unlock his door. Kylo just shrugs, resting it against his hip when he finally comes to a stand and follows Hux into his dark chambers. It’s not much different from his own, it’s probably bigger and the bed looks a lot more comfortable then his own, but it has the same darkness, the same feel to it. His eyes hurt when Hux switches on the lights surprisingly, he so usually accompanied by the mask shading his face that he forgets about the illuminations that shine just above his head. “Sorry,” Hux laughs when he squints, “I knew you weren’t all robotic.” Kylo barely gives him the pleasure of that comment because he doesn’t react. He just forces a chair over to him and leans back on it so far that it could break. He holds it steadily though, folding one leg under the other and pouting softly. “You wanted a meeting, general?” He asks, ignoring the fact that Hux was scowling at him. And he called him the child? “Yes, I did,” he starts, “I believe you’ve still not come to terms with our...encounter, Ren. And I’m not here to make judgements, but don’t expect me to ask for forgiveness.” “Then why have you asked me here?” Hux stalls for a moment, Kylo hunts for an answer but the alpha has his walls up to protect his memories. So he was prepared from the moment he’d stepped inside the door, Kylo feels incongruously betrayed by Hux’s lack of trust. “We had sex, general,” He answers for him, “What’s done is done, you can’t go back and nether can I...so I suppose we’ll have to deal with our mistakes by ignoring them." “That’s not why I called you here, Ren!” Hux jolts suddenly, “I need to know if it was consented. If you, and I for that matter, fully understood what we were doing. We were drunk, and I can’t remember how I was with you,” he sighs like it’s forced, but it also sounds worried and that’s awfully peculiar on the General’s part, “Did I hurt you?” He’s genuine behind those blue eyes and he’d asking on behalf of the good man whose stuck somewhere in his head. It takes a moment for Kylo to truly cherish the fact that his General’s weak spot was him, and he couldn’t stop the smile that crept along the length of his lips. “You were rough, General, from what I can remember. And it was consented, I’ll grant you the safety of that. But I’m used to pain and I’m not looking for an alpha, so I’d be thankfully if I were you, that you didn’t bond with me.” He’s suddenly in front of the alpha, shadowing over him with the advantage of height. Hux only just stirs from his tightly held position. “I wouldn’t bond with you if it were to save my life,” He admits in a delicately formed whispers that’s just as harsh as if he’d shouted it. Kylo searches for the lies but the walls seem ever higher. “But you’re sentiment betrays you,” He takes a last look at the man as he tries to be dominating but Hux holds it together to well, “Now I’m leaving, unless you want this conversation to persist?” “No, Lord Ren,” Hux says almost too promptly, “You have permission to leave.” It’s not long after that the pilot escapes along with the traitor FN-2187. Kylo Ren is not having a good day and it doesn’t get any better. He’s waiting, thinking about the night that’s he’s been trying to ignore. It’s harder when his memories are now so clear, it’s been over two weeks now and once the hangover was forgotten the memories came pouring back in. So he’s seen Hux naked before, big deal, but that time was different, it was more...intimate. It was the first time Kylo had spent a heat with an actually person instead of just exploring himself with his fingers. And he craved more. More of Hux, or just anything. He’d never felt so empty like he did now, sitting alone by his grandfather’s mask, disappointed and pondering. Without question, his grandfather had been the galaxy’s greatest Alpha; spanning on for decades of terror and control. But here he was, a natural born submissive who was unwilling to depend on an alpha, who thought he could rule by himself and be as authoritative as the empire once was. He didn’t need Hux as much as his body craved for him, and he’d never give into it. It’s weird because he’s never been so dependant, and the call to the light has suddenly become stronger. He tries to stray away but it’s becoming so hard. It’s like there’s something there, attempting to drag him back to where he started, to bring him closer to his fami- No . They were liars and thieves, Han Solo was a smuggler and Leia was the General of the Resistance. He’d been brought up around these people, with Poe as a brother to him and Luke as a friend. And now what? They were all enemies...adversaries. He looks around him then; the small, dark room he cowers himself into supplies limitless comfort and supplies him with the darkness he calls on. His grandfather speaks to him through whispers of the force, but it’s clouded, his own vision is clouded. He clips off the mask and places it by his side because it’s heavy on his head, and it’s suddenly warmer. The feeling of being pressured makes him sick to the stomach, and too quickly there’s bile in his throat because he hasn’t eaten anything all day. The rush to the bathroom follows soon after. He’s only lucky that there’s one so close to him, if he left it any later he wouldn’t have made it because he’s already tripping in the door. He’s finding it hard to find his footing as he clutches for the base of the toilet, giving up the fight of strength, he lets his body fall weak. He hates the feeling. “There’s something more,” a soft voice tells him, he hears if from the back of the small bathroom and he barely tilts his head to look back because he can already see the bluish ghostly figure, “You already feel it clouding you, the light. It’s because it’s inside you, implanted...and there’s nothing you can do.” He finds that slightly hard to believe, “But grandfather, there has to be a way,” he chokes up, mainly because he’s not done with retching into the toilet bowl, “I will be free of the light.” “Eventually,” The ghost admits as he leans in closer to his grandson, “You’re unwell, you called to me in your time of need and I heard you. I’m here to explain.” “Explain what?” Kylo asks as he sits back onto his heels, still feeling as if he could vomit again but trying his best to compose himself, “If you come to me with another riddle then I don’t have time now. The resistance is growing stronger, I can feel something.” Anakin sighs softly, putting his hand out to touch of the boy’s slumped shoulders. “My grandson, the ‘something’ is what I’m here to explain. Look into yourself, focus on what’s inside of you rather then what’s outside. The resistance isn’t gaining strength, you are. Growing inside of you is a great power, the potential of being light, or dark...both. When light and dark forces collide it creates a neutral power, stronger than any Jedi, or dark knight,” He informs but cautiously, ”this control is not to be messed with, and only you can choose the path on which it can travel.” Kylo watches with confusion in his eyes, mirroring the thoughts inside of his head. “I don’t understand. I’ve already chosen the dark side, I’ve gone down that path. So why don’t I have this power?” The ghost takes on a look of pity, searching his grandson’s face to see what’s really inside of his head. He can’t see much, the child’s future is covered by a thick fog, shadowing any attempts to help him past what’s about to come. So carefully he states, “It is not your power to have. It will all come together in time. Be patient and wise, then you’ll get what you deserve, your true path to the dark side.” Kylo’s eyes shine with a glimmer of sudden hope, “Thank you, grandfather.” Anakin bows his head slightly, compassioned by the fact that his grandson hasn’t an idea of what’s ahead. But his words are enough to prepare, and when he fades back into death Kylo jumps up from where he sat to take a rest and walks with threat through the hallways. “General Hux,” he greets as he walks into the ship’s main control room, “I have an idea about the droid.” “You better impress,” Hux orders him, and as he listens his lips tilt in a smile. Emissaries were a great alternative. Notes: I honestly don't know what's gonna happen so I'm welcome to ideas! Thanks for reading! Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey jolted then stirred awake, her eyes drowsing open, searching for a place to focus on. She decides that looking straight at her capture wasn’t her best option but he’s sitting in front of her, waiting and searching. She tries to loosen the ties on her arms by moving, banging her shoulder against the contraption she sits in and it hurts. But she can’t show her pain, rather shows it with a scowl at the masked marauder across from her. “The girl I’ve heard so much about,” His scent is covered by the thickness of his uniform, downing him in full black attire, heavy and bulking from his obvious thin figure. He’s got the look of an alpha, proud in his skin, strutting and blustery as he sits, eyes behind the mask probably watching, judging. She glowers at him, searching for at least an ounce of humanity but she can’t find any, his just a creature, a monster in a mask. “You want to kill me?” He asks so suddenly - in that annoying mechanical voice- as if he can see her thoughts. She balks on the reality for a moment, wondering about his power, about her power. The constricting materiel holding her back stops her from being able to do what should be done. Yes, she does want to kill him and has wanted to ever since he began hunting her instead of the droid, since she saw him in the vision killing all those people- she stops herself before she thinks to hard about it. “Well that’s what happens when you’re being hunted by a creature in a mask,” She spits back with despise, groaning against the restraints on her arms and legs. The proclaimed Knight doesn’t stir at first, merely watches before his hands falls to where the locks of his helmet where tightly secured onto his head. He unchains them, clipping them away with his fingers and begins to lift it from his face. The first thing she sees is many curls of black, twisting in various directions, some resting against his neck. Only after the helmets departed she sees his features, the visage she already knows she’ll loathe. And she expects him to be an alien or a robot of some kind, a creature like the ones she’d see regularly on Jakku. But, he’s not. The first thing that strikes her is the innocence his face peruses; his eyes look tortured and broken, like they’ve seen everything and yet he still knows little, as if he’s lived a life where nothing but trouble has been thrown at him. The next thing she notices is his youth. That look of pure childishness, not much older than herself but has been through so much more in both experience and trauma. The way he tilts his brow, concentrated and yearning for a little bit of attention, mirroring the young child inside, grasping at any love and comfort that he could find. Her immediate thought is how . How could anyone so young yearn so much? How could anyone so broken and hurting bring himself to damage and impair other people deliberately? How could anyone so human be so... inhumane ? When she’s finally seen him, when she’d finally studied his features from his kaput eyes to the pout of immaturity on his lips, she makes the decision that it’s safe to finally understand. There’s something painfully familiar about the way he looks at her now, like he’s worried and loving, trying to protect yet wanting a struggle. He’s torn between being good and unleashing an evil that the Galaxy isn’t quite ready for just yet. And she catches that all in just one whiff of his submissive scent now that his helmet is gone. “You’ve seen the map?” He asks, “The map to Luke Skywalker.” She tightens her throat in response, not wanting to reply, feeling it would give him a obliging advantage. Her efforts were only meet by a smirk forming at his lips, mocking her sardonically. “You know I can take what I want,” He says and she doesn’t understand at first. Not until she feels the slight pressure on her mind like a weight on her brain, extracting something but she’s not sure what. He leans in closer, the hand by her face inches further and curves slightly. The pain gets worse like a pounding headache, forcing her eyes to close and her mind to open up. The unmasked prowler takes the higher ground and values on the personal pain she unwilling gives to him. “You’re so lonely, so afraid to leave.” He states and to hear it out loud is embarrassing, “At night, desperate to sleep, you imagine an ocean. I see it, I see the island...” He strains deeper, searching through layers and layers of emotions, tearing down every wall she’d tried so hard to keep high up so that nobody could see. “...And Han Solo ,” He continues, “You feel like he’s the father you never had. He would’ve disappointed you-“ “-Get out of my head,” She cuts across before he can continue but it doesn’t stop him from trying. Somewhere, she’s not really sure how herself, but she finds the strength to hold the map and stores it away deep behind a mound that he can’t get past. He tries to dig through, forcing her head forward but she holds her ground, ignoring her fearful thoughts and instead using them to push him back. There’s a barrier thrown between them. The man comments about how ‘it hurts him too’ and she regards that as a weakness, his fault. Tapping on that point she drives back hard, getting a glimpse of fears, emotions and then she realises that the memories and sentiment around her weren’t hers at all, but they were his. She hunts, perusing his thoughts, doing exactly what he’s done to her and then she strikes a goldmine. Darth Vader , his fear of never living up to his idol, his apprehension of never being able to achieve the full power of the dark side. His weakness was in many ways himself. But she appreciates that his memories weren’t the only thing she could feel. There was..something else, someone else, blocking her path into his earliest memories. This other person -or thing- was like a blockade between her and seeing the potential good in him. He was weak not because of his fear but just because he was sick. He was losing power. “You’re afraid,” She chokes back as she levels with him, “You’re afraid that you’ll never be as powerful as Darth Vader!” Something snaps in his eyes, like a fuse being blown, a realisation. Her power is only clear to him now, what control she had, latent under years of sterility. He lets her mind go, raping his hand away from her face and breathes heavily, trying to catch as much air as he can. So he is sick, she decides, probably pre-heat but then she can’t smell that from his scent. She wonders, resting back against her uncomfortable prison and watches him as he tears from the room, the helmet again in his hands. The door slides across, harsh sounding as it hits the other side of the wall and as he leaves a stormtrooper takes his shift in controlling the detainee. She’s still surprised from what’s done but she’s more interested in what she’d seen. A glimpse of a child, a happy child, with coiling auburn hair and bright russet eyes, up in the arms of a woman whose kind and gentle to the youngster. She doesn’t grasp why or who it is, she just feels like she’s seen the woman before, somewhere long ago. The Stormtrooper grunts, settling into his babysitting position and she takes it as a sign to relax, to think of a plan to get out of here and back to Finn. Back to wherever home was. “The scavenger bested you? Master of the Knights of Ren?” The Supreme Leader is visibly amused but angered, showing that by the grotesque smirk that fills his face then falters. His hilarity just adds to Kylo’s failure. He’s embarrassed to say the least, humiliated and disgraced. His mind wonders over too many possibilities, this error could easily cost him his life... But he knew he was valuable to Snoke, he was too precious and powerful to be strewn out and deserted. “The girl is powerful, Supreme Leader!” His voice seems unlikely desperate, naked without the mask. “What about the droid?” He asks abruptly, catching the omega off guard. He stutters slightly, thinking of a way to explain his other failings, but he doesn’t get to say a word because the general walks in, cocksure and headstrong. Kylo holds his breath as he parades closer, words abating out his mouth derisively, “Ren thought we wouldn’t need the droid, Supreme Leader. He thought all we needed was the girl, so he left the droid go.” The Supreme Leader beckons the General forward, interested more than he was with Kylo’s disappointment. Hux looks at him with a devilish leer, eyes plotting and taking the job that Kylo could not. He’s laughing at him, somewhere hidden inside his head, sneering and contemptuous. Kylo hates him, wishing he knew the pleasant side of the General that he seemed to show to everyone else. Their sense towards each other was mutual; work, everything was work and jealousy. Covetousness that drove Kylo on to be better than his military counterpart. As the General speaks words that Kylo hasn’t been in tune to, the Supreme Leader seems to have had enough of all the safe play and pity games. He’s furious, enraged about their losses and their letdowns. It’s enough to make Kylo want to hide and the sick sensitivity he feels makes itself known for the fourth or fifth time that day. “Then the Resistance must be destroyed before they get to Skywalker.” “We have their location,” Hux eyes the omega cautiously, “We tracked their reconnaissance ship to the Ileenium system.” Kylo looks at Snoke whose optimistic now and it’s atypical to see him so pleased. “Good. Then we will crush them once and for all. Prepare the weapon.” But the omega stood evidently shaken, not expecting such a forward and decided order from their leader. How easy had this been, how easy would it be to get rid of them and yet he felt something stop him for agreeing. “Supreme Leader, I can get the map from the girl. I just need you guidance,” He calls in desperation and Snoke takes wonder about his plea. Hux clicks his heels in departure, bowing his head and gazing for a last time at the disheartened and dejected omega. He can see right through his collapsed walls, you didn’t need such powers as the force to know that something wasn’t right. Kylo stood unlawfully pale, vision looking for a vessel and face fraudulent. “There’s a shadow over you, Kylo Ren,” Snoke tells him, mirroring his grandfather’s words. The knight hunches his shoulder, shivering against an invented winter. “I know, Supreme Leader. I don’t feel as powerful as I should, I feel drained. The scavenger shouldn’t have been able to best me.” Snoke clutches to the sides of his throne, “No she shouldn’t have, Ren. The power she posses is stronger than you can ever achieve, if you don’t focus.” Kylo nods in response, “Apologizes, Supreme Leader, for my failure- it won’t happen again.” “Good,” He said with tenor of snide, “Now bring the girl to me.” He concurs hesitantly and walks back out of the holographic chamber, sulking his way through desolate halls. His mask is clicked back on during his short walk and he passes Hux at least twice but they barely acknowledge the other. Kylo walks the opposite way and the General doesn’t need to stop him, he doesn’t bother to stop him. Unknowingly, Anakin watches his grandson’s prowling, he’s seen the girl as she escapes and is mildly impressed by her antics. The boy isn’t happy with the missing prisoner like he’d thought; destroying another chamber, taking the room apart as stormtroopers avoided the way of the mess. Anakin has questions as to why they’ve become so weak in their dealing with Sith Lords. They never were that way with him. “Grandson, no need to destroy things,” He winces at the spark of a severed fuse bursting. “You don’t understand! He’s going to get rid of me if I don’t get this under control, if I don’t bring the girl to him...,” The ghostly figure pulls him back, trying to show him a seat to rest but the boy resisted, “Why does nothing ever go my way!? It’s like I was born with a bad omen.” “You got that from me,” Anakin recalls sadly. “No, I got this power from you. I got the chance to be this because of you. You’re the only person I live up to. I want to surpass your standards. Help me, please- I can bring order to the galaxy once again!” Untimely anxious he sounded in the ears of his grandfather, fraught and weighed down by an surplus weight. “Is it me you venerate, or Lord Vader?” The last cry of hope in the omega’s eyes suddenly shatter, feeling through the force a presence he hasn’t felt since a child of ten, ardent for attention. The grip on his lightsaber loosens as the blood red blade falls back into its sheath. He’s senses could pick up the drowned alpha scent from a mile away. “ Han Solo ,” He observes, ignoring Anakin whose still waiting on an answer. The ghost sighs, feeling the dark aura suddenly upon his young grandson. Stop making the same mistakes that I did , he wants to say but finds it’s not as undemanding as he’d optimised. The Knight marches from the small prison block, demanding a group of stormtroopers to follow him and they from a cordon around the omega. He feels the push to the light fade with each step closer to his past he takes. This would end here and now, he’d be free from the constant calling, from the tear in his belief... ...He walks onto the bridge already suspecting, he wouldn’t have come here otherwise, this wasn’t just a breach of security but a private violation. Han Solo expected a reunion of some description, a affectionate salutation of friends turned enemies. Kylo thought otherwise, only one of them was walking off the bridge, only one of them was stepping from the other side, unharmed. “Ben!” Desperate, he smiles from under his mask. The name he hasn’t been called in so long from the man he hasn’t confronted in an equal length. He takes a moment to stop walking, a mixture of prolonged revenge and a stubborn omega nature. Han Solo steps onto the bridge after him. A life threatening decision. It’s small talk, the mask is taken off and dropped on the ground below, he tells his father the truth. He’s ‘being torn apart’ and ‘he wants the pain to end.” He feels like it’s the most emotional he’s every been and Han follows his every word, spewing from his mouth. He doesn’t honestly know what he’s babbling on about, there’s tears in his eyes that don’t fall but he knows they hurt. He feels only his father’s eyes when he knows there’s so many more looking at him, judging... ... “I know what I have to do, I just don’t know if I have the strength to do it. Will you help me?” It’s a cry for help, Han has heard those words before, when he held him as a little boy with hope in his eyes. There’s none anymore, only seduction, routing inside and taking each part of his child out and scattering it along the messy hallways of his frozen retreat. They say only the Jedi can sense the mood, but he can feel it; Chewie’s worried from the back, all of Ben’s life he was the only one to trust he wouldn’t turn like his grandfather and tried to help, but Han was too stubborn to listen to his pleas. “Yes. Anything,” he replies on instinct. Anything , Yes he’s do anything to help his son escape from Snoke and this First Order, this hell and overuse of the term ‘down with the resistance!’. He wants to see the look of a smile brightening the features of his son again, to see his lips curve in a grin like when he was young and Han gave him extra candy despite Leia’s best wishes, he wants to see those bright eyes look around with new curiosity, to burst fireworks like when he discovered that he could understand the wookie who held him so close to his chest, never wanting to leave go. Han didn’t want to leave go. His son’s grip tightens on the saber that he’s so willingly handed over. It’s not ignited, not yet anyway, and Han feels like this is going downhill pretty fast. But he still has hope in his mind that Ben will walk off this bridge with him. He searches for Ben’s eyes, darker now like when it rained for hours on Kashyyyk, like the misty air and heightening sea levels they was dangerous. His son was a danger, a threat to the Galaxy and even now, fifteen years later, Han still expects to wake up every morning hearing about how well his son was progressing training with Uncle Luke. And where was Luke? The master that ran away, and not the first of his kind. Again Ben’s eyes are searching as he gives a tug to his lightsaber and Han looks down at their hands so close together yet only barely touching like strangers. They aren’t father and son anymore, they’re acquaintances, not even friends but enemies, and he’s never acknowledged it until now that his son doesn’t know him anymore. Maybe worse, he doesn’t know his son. He plays over memories as Kylo gives him a stare that’s full of warning, and his eyes almost gleam as the red throws out the brown that his mother had given him. So it’s not as painful as it looks, getting your organs incinerated by your own son. Harsh, he knows that much, but he knew it had been coming since he stepped onto the bridge alone with no one to help him back down. In the background he hears people screaming, he barely has time to acknowledge who they are because he’s too close to death to care. And not even a tear falls from sons eyes. “Thank you,” He thinks he hears him mutter, that simple word flashes so many good memories. When had the boy he loved and tried to hold close become so distant and cold? Maybe it’s just him but the world does seem colder even after being impaled with the weapon of heated destruction. And in a last attempt he reaches out to touch his hand of his son’s face. Staring back at him are his own eyes and Leia’s, he hadn’t thought of her until now. But through a painful grasp, there’s a meaning to that touch; the little baby who reaches out to pull at his hair, the little toddler who grabs onto his pant leg for balance, the child who sat on his shoulders seeing everything above his own height, the teenager whose eyes didn’t hold wonder anymore, the man who turned away from it all... ... Kylo looks at him, staggered, revolted, ailing. He’s used to pain but he’s not used to the form that comes in heartbreak and weakness. His stomach drops when he realises that the hand slips from his face will be for the last time. He’d done it, he’d killed his father, got rid of the thing he thought was his weakness. He just didn’t understand how afterwards he felt so... empty . Notes: This chapter sucked so much for me...no cooperation at all. I know it's going really fast but the main plot of my story starts after tfa so I want to give a quick back story beforehand. Sorry for the lack of Hux in this chapter, he'll show up again soon! (Also I love Han Solo and I'm sorry) If you wanna talk to me or send me prompts you can check out my tumblr: http://bucky-bottoms.tumblr.com Thanks for reading :) Chapter 4 Notes: Friendly reminder that I am on tumblr and love messages and feedback (also prompts!): http://bucky-bottoms.tumblr.com (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo knew that the two headed out before he had so he stays one step ahead, following the hoary paths and woodland tracks. He senses them through the equal sense of fear that they share, trekking towards his father’s ship- The Millennium Falcon. They wouldn’t evade him that easily, and the red blade of his lightsaber erects against the pale light of the snowy downfall . He moves into the way of their path, the sound of his weapon sparking their curiosity and forcing them walk straight into his waiting prowl. “It’s either you or me ,” He whispers callously under his breath before he stepped forward, presenting himself for a battle. “We’re not done yet,” He hollers from where he stands. The former stormtrooper looks livid but it’s Rey who speaks, mirroring his father’s passion for taunting the enemy. “You’re a monster,” She says with a confident but hating intention. The omega tries his best to ignore the gnawing pain at his side, his eyes are wild with anxiety and intimidation. Rey notices that he’s on high alert, protective and daring to fight a battle that he’s clearly not adept to endure. The injuries would kill him long before she would but he’s not qualified in backing down. “It’s only us now,” He reminds, “ Han Solo can’t save you.” He almost wants to throw up again but he fears it’ll be blood, subsequently he’ll know that he’s perhaps already dying and won’t get a final fight. He needs to die here if he will, to be killed like a warrior, a true ending for the prophesied superior master of the Knight of Ren. He gives a couple of hits to his injured side, striking a confused and concerned look from the defector and the blood comes in droplets onto the ground, staining the snow with his weakness. Rey hunts for that, aiming her blaster at his head, certainty staining her profound scent. He barely looks up, not needing to, and in a swift resort and cocky pronouncement, he throws her across the plains. Her body slumps violently against a tree, screaming as she’s knocked against the spiked branches, and lands in a heap on the floor. Kylo smirks in a small but successful triumph. The Stormtrooper cries in distress for her, running to be at her side, “Rey? Rey...” He shakes her desperately and Kylo watches intently. Truthfully, he’s never felt more sick. “ Traitor !” He screams across at the crouching collaborator, all the anger he feels pushed out through the single word. The beta sighs and turns around, watching Kylo with derelict eyes, promising retribution as he staggered over to the lightsaber that was left stranded on the ground. Kylo noticed it as Luke’s or Anakin’s moreover. Oh the stories he’d heard about that saber, how proud his grandfather had been with it in his hands throughout the Clone Wars. He had a new objective; the lightsaber, it was meant to be his. “That lightsaber...it belongs to me.” “Come and get it.” The saber was ignited by the ambitious soldier, basking in the feeling of it in his hands once again. It was a while since Kylo had seen a blade so blue, blistering against the black backdrop, standing proud when lit and functional. His mind was clearer now then it had been at the start and with a small twirl of his blade he began the battle. The first clash sparked through the air, the sound of determination and resolve pounding through their ears. The combatant was clearly inexperience; he ducked and stepped back from each following hit and coil, petrified each time the red blade neared his own. Purple flashed in his hazel observe, following his instinct with each heavy, pulling swing. He was directing from his training, that was his upper ground, this was his benefit. Finn tried his best to hold out and he did for longer than Kylo expected but curtly he was pushed up against a tree, the force wieldier gravely pressing onto his blade with a rigid format. He couldn’t keep up his own handling, slanting his weapon closer to his face inadvertently. Kylo tilted his own saber, using one of the other smaller blades to burn through the man’s top. He lets out an excruciating bawl in pain as the heated weapon seethes through his shoulder and he's made show his back to the force user, clumsily letting his own weapon fly out his hands. The enemy’s lightsaber moves with swiftness and catches his skin, scarring with a long line down his back. He howls in hurting, grunting as he plummets into the snow, palpably unconscious. Kylo barely smirks, his focus now on the grounded lightsaber and trying to bring it to him. He reaches out his hand, using the pressure around him to convey it forward. But it’s stubborn, moving slightly but not enough for it to stir from the snow completely. There’s some else trying to grasp at it. “ Rey ,” he utters, losing control for just one moment but yet it’s enough for her to take gain. The saber flies past his view, nearly hitting him in the process but he stepped back, barely finding footing in the heavy flurry of snow. So Rey becomes the hero; standing tall and swollen with pride, her face unsympathetic as the lightsaber ignites once again. He tries to find her thought process, attempting to pass through the clouding. You’re injured, don’t make me do this, she calls on him through the force. He looks down at himself, puffing and trying to catch onto any air he can. No , he replies and pushes back into her head , If you’re going to fight me do it now, stop acting weak! It’s enough to make her quiver with anger, forcing herself at him. She’s ruthless, so is he and they fight with both experience and immaturity. Their swings and willingness to injure the other becomes careless as the world seemingly begins to collapse around them. There’s moments where no one is winning, other times when Kylo takes advantage of her being so new to this type of battling. Each of her strikes are heavy and destitute and the omega can so easily outwit. The fighting becomes erratic, amethyst sparks and lethal movements, pressing further and harder against innocence. Kylo leashes with unsteadiness, Rey ducks and dives and they form a routine through the falling snow and trees. The ground shakes under already tremulous traction, both begging for withhold. They eventually step out towards a small split in the path where the ground divides and suddenly everything gets warmer. Already sweating and puffing the knight clashes with integrity, finally crowding her into a corner. She’s backed up, nearing the place where the land segregates, another step back and she’d fall to her death. The lightsabers quarrel desperately once again and it sparks a faint image in Kylo’s eyes, of light and dark paling together. “You need a teacher,” He states through his pain, “I could show you the ways of the force.” Her face lights in detection, “The force..” Her eyes close, Kylo watches with perplexity. He tries to press down harder but her hands have become increasingly strong around her weapon. Her scent was drowned in determination, overflowing as an alpha with power and dominance. She’d clinched her abilities, Kylo alleged as she pushed back against him, allocating them to continue with the pitiful battle. She stabs him in the knee and it buckles, forcing him to try and regain his balance but he’s not fast enough. With each weakening stagger comes a commanding belt from her lighted sword. She’s agile and swift, graceful in her movements. The omega drains, falling once again and barely being able to lift himself back up of the ground. This is what Rey has been looking for. She grabs his hand, pushing the blade into the snow and it disappears with every ounce of strength that she confers. The omega looks sickened by her move, the regretful look on his face shows with a pouted lip and shaken eyes. He wants to retreat or die, Rey isn’t sure. His defeat is quick; she pushes him back and slashes the lightsaber across his face. He loses poise, tilting back before he falls into the snow. She’s fearful for a moment that she may have killed him -ignoring the voice in her head that tells her that’s what she has to do- but he grunts and pushes himself up off the ground with his elbow. Rey looks down at him with governance, stating whose the alpha and he unwilling has to obey. He curses his biology, shrivelling in the pain she’s left him in. He discerns that he looks desperate and weak to her, calling at her through the force to just finish the job. She gets inspiration to kill him, walks around him like an animal at its prey. She’s just as prepared as he is, but before she has time to dwell the ground below them rumbles and splits, forcing them apart from each other. I’ll leave it there, she seems to say but it’s inaudible to him. Her decision was final, she’d leave him alone to die, where he could suffer with the prolonging feeling of death. She doesn’t say anything more but runs back to find her wounded friend forgotten about in the snow. It’s cold now with exposed skin- from the cuts and slashes of the lightsaber. His head slumps back against a soft pile of snow, black all contrasting against its brightness. He closes his eyes in quick thinking, hoping that it would bring death sooner. But it doesn’t . The General watched over the medical procedures, shifting uncomfortably with each bloodied scream from the bedded omega. He’d been lucky enough to find the bleeding Ren with such little time to spare, sobbing in agony under the refuge of pine trees, and Hux never felt a sicker feeling in the pit of his stomach. Phasma had helped bring him on board the shuttle, she stood beside him and watched his treatment, saying something every now and then about how sorry she felt for him. She’d already become so much more human without the mask, her armoured hand resting at her mouth and she’d tried to bite at her nails through the gloves. He pinched the bridge of his nose and struggled when listening to another fighting wail from the omega as his robes were being peeled from his skin. Was it weird that he felt the urge to protect him, the urge to reach out and hold him? Both him and Phasma were alphas, the only difference was that Hux could fight his senses, the woman beside him couldn’t. She kept trying to push forward but Hux held her back. This was the very reason regular stormtroopers were converted to betas at birth. Phasma was programmed to be a captain, that kind of treatment shouldn’t have been necessary until situations like this where it was just the three of them. “No,” He warned and she proved stubborn in his attempts to stop her, “He’ll be fine.” She knew that was feint and looked down at him empathetically. He didn’t share her gaze and to her credit she held herself back when the next throttle of pain echoed through the small ship. He sighed, all there was, all that Hux could see was blood. His whole body glistened with the red liquid and he shuddered as they prodded the black, steaming patches of burns scattered along his legs. The girl had left a nasty scar along the length of his face, along with several spotted else around his long limps. When he’d been finally stripped, all bloody clothes aside, Hux could finally see the deep wound that had penetrated his waist. It was probably the worst out of them all besides his face. It was the unique blast from a Wookie’s blowcaster, damage could be horrific, if not lethal. The headache just kept getting worse. “Wait here, I’m going inside,” Hux suddenly orders and he’s shrugging his heavy jacket off his shoulders. Phasma takes it from him with a obedient nod. She feels the heat too, or maybe it was just the worry heaping onto their shoulders. Hux would admit, he sometimes despised his biology. Stepping through the glass door of the Medical Chamber was like walking into a room overflowing with flames. The heat was unbearable and the stench made it no better. All he could smell was blood and desperation, weighing down on him even more than before. This was insane, the thick scent of death. He wondered how it was even possible. “Status report,” He asked efficiently from the small medic droid that was beside him. Kylo let out another painful grasp for air before the droid could speak and, patently ignoring Hux, it hurtled around the bed towards the pile of cleaned towels stacked in a pile. Hux sighed when he noticed that it couldn’t quite reach what it wanted and strode over to take it down from the shelf. “Thank you, sir,” The droid said to him in monotone as he went back to the patient, “Lord Ren has acquired many external wounding, such as scarring to the face and body, these wounds will heal in time. However, we are concerned about the internal injuries just beneath his chest area. This is also curable but we can’t explain that for some reason we are losing him.” Hux took a moment to register the droids unemotional wording, saying it literal like it didn’t mean anything. They were droids after all but surely concerning a death they could be more sympathetic. He shook his head slight, no, this wasn’t what he should be focusing on. This droid had just said Ren was dying for no reason? “He’s dying? ...but you said he could be cured,” His voice spiked in pointless anger and the droid flinched, if that was even possible. He really felt like he was going crazy. “I did sir, but unfortunately Lord Ren is dying on his own accord. There’s nothing we can do for such situations but leave the patient decide...,” He pauses, looking around before leaning in closer and whispering, “Unless you want me to keep trying against Lord Ren’s consent?” Hux rubbed his temple with observable frustration at the little droid, “Of course! This is a direct order, understand?” He asks and the droid nods it’s head, “You do everything you can to save his life, even if that means going against his orders. You follow my word now, and I don’t care what he thinks we need him alive.” “I will advise my director, sir,” The droid bobs his rounded head and rushes around corner to the supply room. Hux sighs, eyes falling to the deathly pale Ren strewn upon blood covered blankets, eyes debating on whether to stay open or to close again. “You better keep them open,” Hux tells him, finding that that his legs move with their own concurrence to the rest that Ren lies on. He sees the eyes roll, typical Ren , he actually smirks because he supposes it’s nice to see something usual. “A-and if I-” He get’s cut off by a cough that’s just blood and in panic Hux grabs a pile of tissues for him to splutter into. “Hey, it’s ok, stop straining yourself,” He still sound cold, wanting Kylo to know that this isn’t out of gratefulness but just a man trying to be nice, or at least helpful if nothing else. But Ren is indebted, touching off Hux’s gloved hands gently then looking up at his eyes just to remind him that he’s there. Hux know he’s there, is glad someway that he is. It’s all professional, he reminds himself and reacts with delicacy to the soft and subtle touches. “The droid told me you’re giving up. Don’t,” He stresses and drags over a seat, “ Please .” Ren tries to force a laugh, but it’s pitiful and he knows it is, “What? Does the General suddenly care for someone other than himself?” “No,” He assures even though their hands are still interlocked, “But the Supreme Leader- Snoke, he cares for you and he wants to complete your training...,” He breaks to smile, “and I don’t only care for myself.” “Hmmm,” He hums and lies his back against his pillows, “It’s not that bad... just a few scars and a lot of blood loss.” “And a blown up planet and no base, and the First Order has technically been annihilated..but yeah it’s not that bad.” “You’re angry at me?” Ren asks and he sounds like a child, an vulnerable young boy whose just been caught doing something he shouldn’t have been. That’s really all Ren was now that he thought about it- under the colossal structure and arrogance was just a boy zealous for consideration...for love. “I’m not angry at you...I’m frustrated...at everything. I’ve worked at this my whole life and now it’s nothing,” At some point he’s taken his hand away from its comfortable place in Kylo’s, “Don’t think I care for you like that Ren, I naturally just want you to return to your usual self, for professional aspects. Just don’t die, you can find something to live for.” Ren looks at him with eyes he hasn’t seen before. They’re broken, disappointed? He’s unsure where to look, distracted with deeper thoughts that he isn’t showing. So Hux decides to leave, placing Ren’s hand down against his exposed, bloodied stomach and bids him a farewell with a gentle nod. Curiously, but somewhat expected, Kylo doesn’t regard him when he gets up, he doesn’t even acknowledge the fact that he’s leaving until he gets to the door. “I killed him, you know,” He says chillingly, “I killed my father.” Hux doesn’t look back, focuses on the black floor, stained with droplets of blood, it sends a shiver down his spine to hear those words spoken so calmly but filled with regret, “Very well,” He says because he doesn’t know how else to respond to the sudden confession, “I’m sorry to hear that.” And he leaves, passing Phasma with no words other then , ‘he’s fine’. “He’s crying,” She tells him as she steps towards the door of the Medic centre. He can’t turn back so he shrugs then ignores her. But he can’t help the worrying as he enters his quarters, and he know that he hates Ren, it’ll always be that way. In the middle of the night he’s woken unexpectedly to the sounds of broken breathing. He takes a moment to push himself up from the bed he’d made, (It was a simple mattress that he’d loaded pillows onto) and hisses harshly as his feet contact the cold floor. Phasma is still sleeping, curled up into herself and clutching onto the little bit of blanket she has. He feels bad to leave her in the cold and throws his own blanket over her body before taking his coat off an otherwise empty chair. As expected the droids have kept working, only some powering off to achieve power. The patient has a mask covering his face to help him breathe, that’s what gives off the low humming sound, of troubled breaths and heavy inhales. His eyes are closed for sleep, most of his body has been bandaged or stitched, the blood has almost disappeared except for the heavy patches still doting his lower body. Hux wonders, but he doesn’t say anything about it when he steps inside. “How is he?” Hux asks finding his voice is soft and caring. “He’s better than before sir, even after a few hours he has soon vital signs of improvement. He should be healing significantly in the next few days.” That would please Snoke at least, with a fully functional Ren there would be little chance of getting blamed for all that had happened. He looked down at the sleeping omega solemnly. He wanted to blame him for everything. He feigned calmness over his incense. He knew once Ren was healthy he’d be pushed down again, made to focus on rebuilding what took him the best part of fifteen years to create. He’d be at least forty nine by the time it took to build the next great First Order, much too old in his opinion to continue on with a successful military career. He pushed back the chair he’d been sitting on earlier, wondering about what would happen if perhaps Kylo Ren didn’t wake up from his injured slumber. They didn’t need him so the thought of everything suddenly collapsing wasn’t an issue. Personally he felt that they didn’t need the mystical happenings in the First Order. That’s what Ren was, what he represented. And he could never understand, even as a child, the ways of the powers Ren possessed. He honestly didn’t see the use when a blaster was just as efficient. Kylo groaned into the oxygen facade, his features suddenly scrunched with pain. It takes a moment for Hux to realise that he’s waking up, struggling his head as he tries to get the mask off of his face. The alpha puts a hand on his shoulder to push him back down, scenting the distress and the almost sweetness that seems to be pre-heat. Impossible, he thinks and helps take the complicated masking off, Ren’s heat was only a most two weeks prior to all this. “Are you ok?” Hux asks, waiting until after he takes a breath of inartificial air. “I’m fine- I just need to get up... I feel sick-” He attempts to push himself up, finding that his arms are weaker then he’d wanted. He would’ve fell back with a thump but Hux had seen it coming and held him until it was safe to put him back into his bed with ease. “Hux, please, I’m gonna-“ He clutched his stomach harshly, brushing off his new stitches and jerked with the pain. “Here,” Hux handed him a basin he’d spotted earlier on the floor, “Use this.” The omega grabbed the basin greedily and Hux helps him sit up before he gets sick. At first the alpha just thought it was a swindle, that Ren just wanted to be stubborn and was using this as a way to get up out the bed but obviously he was very wrong. He’s discoloured, literally white and shaking, his hold body trembling with each retch and gag. Hux feels bad then, (seriously this is fifth time today and he wants it to stop) and leans in to rub his back. It probably only makes it worse but he’s trying his best. One of the droids rushes over with frantic, holding bundles of towels and tissues, sanitary products and the other has a glass filled with water. “He’s too weak now for bacta,” The droid carrying the water tells him, “We have however run some tests on his blood.” “And nothing of interest came up?” He asks. “No sir, other than his current injuries he is completely healthy,” He can’t seem to find the truth in that, surely the vomiting would need an explanation. But he takes the water and hands the droid the basin when Ren is finished without question. “It’s nothing, General, I’ve been getting sick for days now and I’m still fine,” Kylo chokes out in a whisper. Hux looks at him in disbelief, “You’ve been sick and you still thought you could fight? What’s wrong with you?! If you’d told me you were sick maybe this all could’ve been avoided!” “So your blaming me now?” Ren barks back with little strength. “ Yes ! If you would’ve just come to me and told me that you weren’t well I would’ve given the mission solely to Phasma. She would’ve been well capable on her own!” Hux notices the spike in his tenor, he also notices the submissive look of retreat on Ren’s face. His shoulders tense, he’s suddenly vulnerable to his own fear, like he’s being threatened but Hux wouldn’t stood that low so soon. “Ren?” He reaches out to touch but his hand is slapped away. “It’s not my fault, and I am capable, I always have been!” The babbles come with the tears that fall, “No one has ever thought I was competent to do anything, an omega son to alpha parents. I’m a joke, that’s all you think, isn’t it?! Well I don’t care! As soon as my training is finished you’ll be sorry, General.” Hux sighs at the dramatics, narrowing his brow at the man whose outburst treats him like a hormonal teenager, “I’ll be sorry?” He asks sharply. “Oh don’t try and harass me with your militaristic policies when you’re walking around in your damn underwear!” He has to look down at himself and yes -though it’s embarrassing to admit- he is still in his undershorts. He slept in them now since all the rest of his sleepwear had been left in his closets on Starkiller base. He’d just forgotten that he’d actually publically presented himself in nothing but his underwear and a vest. He pinched the bridge of his nose, and took a moment to just let out a small groan of desperation. “Ok, point to you,” He says with closed, exhausted eyes. Ren acknowledges that it was the first time that phrase had every come from the General’s mouth. He looked pretty astounded, eyeing the ginger general just to crack a smile. His cheeks were still stained red from the small tears that had fallen, but he wiped the wetness dry with his palm, “Thank you, General,” He hums gladly. Hux looks down at him, “For what?” “For admitting your wrong.” “I-...I didn’t!” Kylo rolls his eyes, pouting a lip as he forces the blanket up and over his face, “Whatever, say what you want.” And Hux couldn’t hate him more. “I’ve done what you’ve asked sir,” A low robotic mumble talks to a blue hologram, towering over him, “I’ve kept the patients healthy, both are alive and healthy.” “Thank you CT-34, there are no faults with the child then?” The holographic figure asks. “None at all, sir. The child has been protected by a force I can’t explain-“ “No need,” The man cuts the droid short, “Make sure Kylo Ren is healthy on arrival and that General Hux is furthermore distracted when you arrive. He shall not be informed of this child, understand?” “Yes sir, of course. And what of Lord Ren?” It requests. The stature supports a grotesque smirk, shadowing his face with a look of demise. “Tell him nothing,” He replies frigidly, “...Leave Kylo Ren to me .” Notes: Hey thanks for reading as always! Let me know what you think I love feedback! Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “I’m disappointed in the state he’s been given to me, CT-34. I would’ve expected more from you and your team,” It’s no surprise that Snoke is disappointed with the fact that Hux had carried an unconscious Ren into the throne room of his palace, the man himself weak and panting from the planet’s foggy and sultry ambience. It was a mere moment of greeting, of exchanged glances and little words. The first time he’d seen the military assemblage of the First Order up front and in the flesh. The stormtrooper captain stayed at the archway, while the general made it clear of his discomfort, his anger aimed at having to drag a half dead man up a flight of broken steps and through wet bog land. His reply was uncouth; and he told the General to leave them at once, giving him the time to inspect the young and barely pregnant omega. Alone, he ran his fingers against the outline of his pale and sickening face, brushing the other hand over the slight and barely prominent bump hidden under new black robes. The medical droid watched slowly as Snoke pressed against the wounds, making sure they were stable. And they were, CT-34 had done a magnificent job at keeping his knight in shape. Except for the fact that he was still insensible. “My deepest apologies, Supreme Leader. Ren had failed to keep awake during our journey, slipping uneasily in and out of consciousness. I thought it would be best if I left him in this state on arrival,” Says the droid uneasily, “I am aware you told me to bring him here healthily-“ “Which you have done, contrarily,” Snoke cuts across with little patience, ”I hope, CT-34, that you have amended in your efforts and haven’t told the General of the child?” The droid hums, content in his work, “No I haven’t, Supreme Leader. The General lays still completely unaware.” “ Good , then you’re free to go, leave Kylo Ren as he is with me,” Snoke says and watches as the little droid bows then takes his leave. There’s a moment where Kylo lays still unconscious on the examination table then, with a sudden burst of wakefulness, the omega pushes himself up with his elbows, panting to catch his breath. “W-Where am I? What is this?” He speaks quickly and panicked, trying to get up off his bed-rest but Snoke pushes him back down tenderly with a careful hand. “It’s ok, you’re in safe hands,” He soothes softly but yet the omega is still aggravated. He tries to break himself out of Snoke’s now hardening grip, jerking himself back, trying everything he could to get away from the phantom feeling on his wrists. It was like being back thrown back into his childish nightmares, surrounded by only the darkness and the red chilling force that wrapped around his limps. He lay there in silence, abused and molested in the submission that made him feel sickeningly safe. His body stops trying after a moment, falling away from its resisting stance and placed itself back into Snoke’s grip. “Where’s my father?” He asks chillingly, “I feel it in my head, it’s still tearing. It hurts.” Snoke tries to remind with a simple look that he’s not a child anymore, that this was now and present and that Han Solo was no more. He speaks it sensitively though the force that’s grown and faltered in the young man, and he looks almost sombre as he realises the truth. “It felt like a dream-..are you sure that he’s dead?” Ren asks to be reassured, “I did it? I actually killed him?” “You did, Kylo, and I assure you great things will only come from now on. You’ve left behind your past, see the future,” His words are deliberately made to confuse and Kylo looks up at him accordingly. “But it’s not in my power to do that,” He reminds as he sits up himself, “I feel weak, Supreme Leader, as if there’s something draining my power. And grandfather sensed it too, a clouding of some sort. I can’t do the things that were once so easy.” He whimpers softly against the fabric covering his wrists, the sickness in the pit of his stomach worse now because of the injuries. And he thinks this is all because he’s pre-heat, that this constant display of illness and emotions and weakness is because in a few days he’ll be needing someone. Hux , maybe. Snoke smiles crookedly when he sees the image of the General appear so clearly in his apprentice’s mind. How vulnerable he was, now sitting and thinking without prior thoughts or worries about showing his mind off so clearly. And it’s all dependency, Kylo’s ability to think on his own has been shadowed by the new care for the General. Hux is forever somewhere in Kylo’s thoughts, staining the capability for his free thinking. To see inside Kylo’s head was like looking at a waste of foggy marsh land, the waters raising to drown out his own thoughts and the mist covering his future, making it hard for Snoke to see the outcome of this affair. But so far everything had being going to plan; he had Kylo once again wrapped around his finger, open and hurting, looking for somebody to lean back on in his time of defeat. And Snoke would be there when Hux would not be, he could easily persuade his Knight to hand over the baby in his exposure. “The General?” Snoke says as if he honestly had no idea of the affair, “Tell me off your relationship with the General, Kylo.” The omega pouts his lip and looks away as if to embarrassed to speak, to ashamed to show so the walls around his memories go back up. “It’s professional,” He lies without a hint of it, Snoke had been the one who trained him after all, “It’s nothing more than occupation related... with an occasional shared hatred.” “ Hatred ?” Snoke repeats in incredulity, “You showed little hatred when you let the General take care of you no more than two weeks ago. Do not lie to me, Kylo Ren, you’re emotions betray you.” The omega gathers up the anger along with the lighted feelings of want and need in regards to reproaching his master. There was a sudden require to riot against him, to sudden crave to get rid of the manipulation that’s constant in his head, and that’s the Ben Solo inside of him blaring to get out. But like he does on a daily basis, he ignores it and he channels the resentment through Kylo Ren. “ Good ,” Snoke spies deftly into his mind, raping him emotionally as he takes the memories from the night of drunken idiocy. The stress on Kylo’s brain is too much for him to handle and he trashes back against Snoke’s hold, feeling the bile rise in his throat and the heaviness of his eyes. It hurts, paws on his brain and forces down the walls with an effortless disgrace. “N-no,” He attempts to fight back, eyes clenching shut and tensing in concentration. His whole body shakes, leaving him clutching for air, panting and groaning against his defeat. His lungs seem to stop accompanying the irate oxygen and he’s left guttering and drowning, choking out for reason as his mind is opened and searched, abused and extracted. Snoke holds the omega, watching him carefully as his eyes rest to sleep and bends down closely to his ear, muttering the unspoken truth, “A child , my young apprentice, there’s a child in your future, growing inside you as we speak. The infant of the New Order, the most authoritative being in the Galaxies. Rest now, the work shall truly start in time.” His mind screams to react, head drowsing and heavy, protecting what he didn’t even know needed to be protected until moments ago. Then it’s so clear in his reach, the force surrounding the child inside him, mirroring his own balance, taking his power and surfacing it through something else. His mind softens as Snoke removes himself from it, and his body goes limp against Snoke’s own. His face beckons white one again, his lips dry and chapped. There’s nothing more than sickness staining his skin and Snoke respects that. “CT-34, report immediately ,” His harsh voice echoes throughout the empty halls and the small droid rushes back into the throne room. “Yes, sir, CT-34 at our service!” He says gladly. “Bring General Hux here at once,” He orders the little droid who nods his head enthusiastically. “Of course, sir, right away!” The large room cries with an empty silence, soundless enough to hear Ren’s little mewls and groans of sleep. He sighs softly and one of his hands fall to guard his stomach as if now a motherly instinct. It’s a relief to Snoke to see him taking up his new position so willingly and so soon. Kylo Ren would make a great asset to the goal he had stored in mind. “Supreme Leader, you called for me?” The General bows his head when he enters and comes forward on permission with each step bringing the clip of his sharp heeled boots against the stone slabs. “General Hux,” Snoke greets, “I need you to do me a favour regarding our patient here.” Hux looks down at said patient with a judging observe, cocking an eyebrow at the fact that he was still blatantly unwell and yet there was no one running around trying to help him. But his face was undeniably peaceful, lips tilted to a grin and eyelashes touching softly against his cheeks. Almost as if he wasn’t injured at all just relaxing at home, not responsibilities or rounds to attend to. “What can I do?” He asks with polite smile. “It’s a simple task really. In the other buildings were the residences of the Knights of Ren. There you’ll find Kylo’s chambers. All I want from you General, is to bring him to his room where he’ll be reminded of the things that matter most.” Hux is quite astonished by the simple chore, “Of course, Supreme Leader...And that’s all?” “Yes, General, unless you want something more to do. In that case come to me after you take care of Lord Ren,” The General smiles thankfully but doesn’t accept his vague offer, probably regarding his own safety more than anything. Because Snoke was peevishly unpredictable. Instead he walks forward to pick up the sleeping omega. Ren has got a long mess of legs that move to shift more weight onto the smaller General. His curls of black hair brush gently against Hux’s slightly exposed collarbone and he mumbles in his medically induced sleep. Hux sighs against the weight, even more so when the omega nuzzles into his coat, smiling softly when he touched the soft fabric. “Thank you, sir,” Hux bows as he leaves. “No General, thank you,” Snoke replies disturbingly when Hux is elsewhere from his range. Hux carried the omega through a maze of dark hallways, passing each room, contemplating each different doorway before he got to the one marked ‘Kylo’ with a bloodied streak underneath. It was no surprise that the darkest and possibly the messiest room belonged to the force user who was strewn unconscious in his hold. It was a struggle to even get in the door which has been blockaded by a stone slap as if trying to lock someone inside, and the bedroom itself wasn’t much better. The curtains hadn’t been opened in years, that was Hux’s guess, and there was so much dust that he was surprised he didn’t get into a fit of sneezing. The bed was a simple mattress with all but a single pillow, flatten out from use, and a blanket that looked no more cosy then the black slated pavement on the ground. But it was a room, at least. He walked over to the bed, kicking it away of its dust and tried to put the omega down as gracefully as possible. He was heavy, Hux was tired, so he’d surely be forgiven for any uncomfortable position he’d put him in. But it wasn’t as hard as he’d thought. Ren went down quite easily, shifting himself into a more withstanding position, covering himself with the blanket as if by instinct. The General made his way around the small room and cleaned away any of the dust left virgin on the tops of shelves and cabinets as the omega slept with dreamful mummers. He searched through drawers and presses and he found clothes that seemed befitting for a younger Ren and others that didn’t. Bright clothes, for instance, stacked in a pile, white and beige robes and undergarments. His lips tilted to a smile against the humid air, brushing a finger against the soft fabrics and basking in the overall thought of a juvenile Ren who once smiled and held some form of radiant energy. “So he was once young,” Says Phasma from the doorway, her armour stripped and new robes adorned her length. “You’d forget,” Hux replies in a whisper, respectful to the sleeping man. “I can’t imagine him in beige, he’s been wearing black all his life,” It’s the truth, Hux can’t find the lie. From the time he first met the boastful, ancient acting fifteen year old he’d always dawned black, never showing the pale skin underneath until he got comfortable enough around Hux to actually reveal his face. And now here, in the glory of old ruins, the castle of Snoke in a planet that lay uncharted in the subterranean ends of the outer rim, Kylo Ren still wore black. “I’ve known him for as long as he’s been in the first order and I’ve never seen another colour touch his skin,” Hux sighs, not knowing why that disappoints him either. He hands the single few robes over the Phasma who’d beckoned for a look and she unfolded them, placing them onto the ground that she’d knelt down on a few moments ago. Her eyes strained as she observed, running her thumb over some stains that she noticed as blood. There were spots of it everywhere, dotting the back but mostly the front of the Jedi training garments. “The massacre,” She reminds herself mostly, “He wore these clothes during the massacre.” Hux looks up at her solemnly, thinking of what Snoke had said earlier to him. “...bring him to his room where he’ll be reminded of the things that matter most.” He didn’t understand at first, but maybe this is what he meant, that these robes will remind Ren of what he’d accomplished, of what he could accomplish. But he finds himself thinking despondently about the omega; it would be dim to so suddenly begin training a man who could barely stand on his own, let alone hold up a weapon. This was probably the end game for Kylo Ren. Honestly he still didn’t know what to think about all this, about Snoke or Ren. But the thought of the force user being killed or forced to bear a child he didn’t want haunted him. He actually cringed at the thought. As low as he’d stooped he’d never dream of going that far. But Snoke would. And as the days goes by Hux gets more suspicious of Snoke’s ambition. Him and Phasma sit together in the darkness of Ren’s room nearly every night, shadowed in talks they really shouldn’t be having but saying the things that need to be said. “I don’t understand what Snoke’s plan is,” Hux admits, “All this rushing around for nothing, I just don’t understand what our goal is anymore.” “Our goal is to rebuild the First Order,” Phasma says but even she sounds unsure, “Snoke has to deal with Ren, he isn’t our problem.” “But, he is,” Hux relies softly, “Why was it our job to bring him here then? We could’ve left him to die if that’s what Snoke’s planning to do.” “Maybe he’s not going to kill him, maybe he’s going to train him again like he said he would? You’re worrying too much, the humidity is messing with your alpha senses,” Phasma smiles as she skewered though the now black clothes and olden books about Force mythology and the old republic. There wasn’t much else, sentimentality speaking, the young Ren didn’t hold possessions from his early childhood and she figured that it was Snoke’s doing. “My alpha senses?” Hux speaks harshly, “I’m not worried for him, he’s not even a good asset to our team, I just want to know what’s happening and if I hold a part in it.” He looks at her then continues, “I’m trying to be organised.” “ Organised ?” She says with derision, “You’re more than organised; you’ve been prepared from the moment you got on the shuttle to collect Kylo. You’re worried, just admit it and I say it as a friend, Hux.” “It’s not worry- it’s ...It’s thought of being left behind. I hate the fact that I’m not trusted enough to know the plans of the Supreme Leader. He’s hiding something, his plans are centred around Ren. Honestly what is are purpose of being in this hell of a planet?” It’s like getting a load of his chest, admitting what was actually wrong instead of having it all build up, thundering deep inside his stomach and actually making him sick. It’s like a dose of anxiety washed over, forgotten about with the words that come out of his mouth so freely. “So you don’t trust the Supreme Leader?” Phasma asks carefully, and he only nods in reply, afraid of adversaries lurking at the corners. There probably wasn’t any either but he didn’t trust himself even to think that way. So he thought everything out, grabbing his small note pad off the edge of the desk and clipping out a pen. ‘You see that he isn’t trying to help Ren?’ He writes quickly then shows it too her. She nods her head slowly and he goes back to writing, ‘ When I went in he was holding him, he’d done something to him. And I’m not sure what or why but I think Snoke’s doing all this.” “You think he’s the one making him sick?” She asks after reading the scribbled message, “Why would he need to do that?” ‘Ren is an omega, right?’ Phasma gasps in realisation, turning her head back to see the man now curled into himself, paler now than before and whimpering against the tattered blanket in his hands. “You don’t think he’d...but he would, wouldn’t he?” She reminds herself of who they’re dealing with here. This is Snoke, the man behind everything they’ve done so far, everything the First Order had achieved. And doing such a thing to Kylo would be so easy for him because the Knight would literally die if it meant pleasing his master. She turned back to Hux who sat looking smug and content that she agreed with him. It all made sense now, and with this in store meant it with only get worse. “So what do we do? He won’t get better any time soon,” She continues, whispering now and leaning in close so that there would be no chance of over hearing. ‘I say we get out of here,’ He writes, ‘Maybe Ren will know a place, or even know someone, that we can go to and all be safe?’ She only nods in agreement further hiding the small smile forming softly under the palm of her un-gloved hand, “So you do worry?” She asks and gets a hefty look of discontent in return. “I’m worried for my own safety,” He corrects sharply, leaving the paper and pen behind, forgetting hurriedly about his past concerns of emissaries, “Don’t start getting ideas, Phasma. This is work related and I’m concerned only for the First Order’s survival if we don’t all get out of here alive. You think he’ll need us when Ren does his bidding instead? Staying here is suicide for all of us.” She bites her lip softly, curling long legs under herself, thinking and worrying, anxiety rising in her stomach like it had been in Hux’s. The most awful about it is the fact that he’s not wrong. Snoke would kill them if all he needed was Kylo. She was just another stormtrooper, a pawn in this bigger political game just as Hux was but Kylo, well he held interest to Snoke so there was little thought in denying his survival. “You’re right, so what’s our next move?” She asks and as if he knew she was going to say it he’s already writing. ‘You’re going to go get help, I’ll stay here with Kylo, it’s less suspecting that way. Go to the resistance, or get to a safe place in the outer rim and come back here. I’ll have everything in order.’ After reading over it twice, the second time just to make sure she’d read it properly, she got to her feet and took a note of military encoding from the General. It was just a time and a date, a plan for a rendezvous point and a set up. And after everything was done she took a spare comlink from the General and clipped it onto a loose belt around her waist. “I’ll go in the morning,” She tells him at the door before she leaves, “Look after him, Hux, don’t let him get worse then he is.” It’s a simple request but he thinks about it as she leaves him in the room that’s darkening again, a call of night beckoning closer. And the alpha dips his head, a hand rubbing against sore eyes that are drowned with stress. Were they really disobeying orders here? Mutiny that could end up getting them all killed. His orders with Phasma were final and as an employee she’d accepted them. But what as a friend? Did she even care that he was being so irrational, maybe even too afraid to say it. He pushes himself off the ground with a grunt and sets himself up a bed beside the sick omega. It was professional madness that he’d go to this length to protect them all. But hopefully Ren would be grateful in better hands then medical droids. And if he had to leave Ren with Phasma and face Snoke’s wrath he would. And he didn’t even know why. The night fully envelops but Hux can’t sleep and Ren wakes up with a raging fever that keeps him occupied for most of the night. He doesn’t do anything but watch the droids work at what they did best. Ren choked and groaned in his sleep until morning, not waking when Phasma came in to gave a final goodbye.” It could be months,” she’d said, “but I’ll try my best.” Hux kept a dire secret by not telling her about Ren’s near fatal fever just hours ago. It was no secret to him then when he met with the Supreme Leader that the omega was in deadly time, life neither here or there, balancing only on the strength he had in himself. “If he doesn’t push through,” Snoke informed direly, “Then he will die.” And it was an awaking for Hux, the usually heatless and impassive General, that this wasn’t a silly game anymore but a death wish for himself. He didn’t a word after that to the Supreme Leader, and returns to Kylo’s quarters to see him a panting mess, tears falling because he honestly has never felt so weakened before. His com-link silently vibrates when Phasma’s ship leaves the marshy planet and he’s never felt so relieved. He doesn’t get called to face the Supreme Leader at all that day and he’s just happy that the man who claims himself to be the most powerful and dominating is also so stupidly oblivious. It’s a relief off of Hux’s shoulders, and he slumps into bed beside the omega and closes his eye for the first time in days. But this time he actually sleeps. There was a layer of similarity; Fn-2187 pointed a gun at her head as she walked with hands up off the platform of her ship. It took a shorter time then she’d expected to get there, she’d left the base of Snoke’s only hours ago and now here she was being pestered with the guns of the ex-stormtrooper and his fiery little pilot friend. They both threatened to shoot if she came any closer and she didn’t for her own safety and for Kylo’s. “What do you want Phasma ?” Fn-2187 spits as her, waving around his gun as if to show he had the advantage. “I want to speak to your General,” She tells them honestly. The pilot scoffs, throwing her a obvious look of uncertainty, “you think we’d just let you waltz straight into the General after what you’ve done, what you planned to do?” “No-, but this isn’t about the First Order. I’m here on neutral ground, I need to tell her about her son,” She informs, stepping forward but only slightly to gain a comfortable leverage, “FN-218-“ “It’s Finn! My name is Finn now!” He corrects sharply, “I don’t think the General will ever want to see-“ He stands corrected as the very woman pushes past him, her arm holding him back gently and forcing both of them to retreat their guns. They watch her, amazed by her tranquillity and composure when dealing with an enemy of the resistance. She wasn’t General for nothing, Finn proposed, stepping back to let her speak to the woman in front of them. “Finn please go back to bed, you’re still injured, and Poe, please stay here with me but for gods sake leave down the blaster,” She orders and with obedience they do exactly as she tells them too, “Now Captain Phasma, is it? I believe you have some information about my son?” She nods respectively, tugging at the com-link to come off her belt and beckons it forward, handing it out to the old woman. “Yes,” She replies softly, “He’s very unwell General Organa, you’re his only hope.” Notes: Honestly this was so hard to write. I just hated this chapter so much. So sorry about the length of time it took to complete. I apologize if Phasma is out of character but I love to see her as a very motherly person towards Ren under her bulky exterior but this is just my headcanon for her personality... Also, I have little ideas so please feel free to suggest any! And I love feedback so please feel free to comment! As always, thank you for reading :)