New Kids and Old Internships The bell rang and Finn dashed out of the room, glad that the last lecture of the day was over. He hated classes with Professor Phasma; she seemed a little too keen to watch him fail her class (which he doesn’t, adding to the creepy vibe he feels from her). Maybe he should change courses. After all, he still had 3 weeks left before his schedule becomes permanent. He sprinted out to the open grounds and crossed to the building on the other side of the campus. It was there that he ran into Poe Dameron, dubbed as the university’s ‘best future pilot of the galaxy’. “Hey, hey!” Poe said, catching Finn by the sleeve. “Be careful where you’re going, okay, buddy?” Finn looked at the boy he just ran into. A charming smile with dark, tousled hair, and an atrocious orange and white uniform that somehow looked good on him. Finn vaguely recognised the face from the brochures and pamphlets he skimmed through before enrolling as a student. Pinging and beeping noises from below made Finn look down at his feet. He saw a robot the size and shape of a beach ball with a smaller dome attached on top. It had the same orange and white colours the other boy was wearing in a pattern of orange circles and grey geometric shapes painted all over the robot. The dome on the robot swivelled around to look at Finn and it beeped indignantly, if robots could even do that. “You almost knocked BeebeeAte over,” Poe explained. He stooped down to the robot. “It’s alright, he didn’t mean that,” he told the droid. BB-8 let out a series of beeps and pings. Poe chuckled and looked up at Finn. “Beebee gets a bit cranky in the afternoon.” Finn stared, confused, at the droid. “Is this a project of yours?” he asked. “Yeah, I’m with the robotics team. We don’t use BeebeeAte for competitions. They’re more like family, actually.” Poe looked up at Finn, uncertain. “I thought you’d recognise Beebee, since we recently programmed it to patrol around the campus.” “Monitoring its functions, right?” Finn supplied. He may not know much about robots but he’s heard of them roaming university campuses to test out new features their programmers have built. “Well,” Poe said, drawing out the word, “more like we ask it to go around and take photos and footage of university life.” The orange and white droid beeped high-pitched at Poe. He paid attention to the droid’s rolling and swivelling head. “Yeah… I mean, I’m pretty sure everyone signed a consent form to being filmed…” Poe glances at Finn, remembering that he was talking with the other boy. “Sorry, we’re still debating about it with the other guys,” he said with a chuckle. He stood up and offered his hand to Finn. “Poe Dameron, junior student for aeronautics.” Finn shook the other boy’s hand. “Finn, freshman with the army reserve. Although I’m thinking of transferring to nursing.” The freshman cleared his throat. That was a little bit too much information , he thought. “Well, I better get going. I have to go back to my dorm.” Finn ran off and Poe was left there, watching him go. “Don’t you think he’s a bit cute?” Poe asked. Beeps and pings. “Yeah, I know,” he sighed. “College first,” Poe said resignedly as he sauntered the opposite direction. FN-2187, We are pleased to inform you that a new student will enter the university. They are assigned to your dorm room so please clean up to welcome your new roommate. Expect them at 10AM tomorrow. Finn closed the email and looked around at his room. He was fortunate to be assigned to a quiet dorm where the parties were far from his room. There was a vacant bed opposite to Finn’s and he often used it as a secondary desk. Textbooks and papers were dumped there and Finn got up to clear off the clutter. He put away some papers and shoved them in a shelf on his side of the room. He made the vacant bed for his new roommate and hesitated on whether or not to put a welcome card on the bed. Finn decided not to do anything. He won’t have classes until noon, anyway. Finn didn’t hear his alarm and woke up to somebody poking his head with a staff. “Are you Finn?” a girl asked. He shook himself awake and bolted upright in his bed. He looked at his new roommate and, remembering to answer the question, he nodded his head. “I’m Rey,” the girl said, offering her hand for him to shake. She pointed at the vacant bed with her staff. “Is that my bed?” Finn nodded. “Thanks,” she said as she dumped her bags there and started to unpack. Rey peered around the room after unloading some of her things and she glanced at the timetable posted above Finn’s desk. “Don’t you have classes to attend?” she asked. Finn curses under his breath and checked the time. He bolted out of his bed to grab his bag and a change of clothes. “I’m so sorry,” Finn said as he gathered his things. “I’d love to show you around some time,” he called out as he left the room. Rey scoffed. First day at college and she ends up with the sloppy one. What degree was Finn studying again? She heard that he recently transferred to studying for a degree in nursing, though it’s hard for her to picture a guy like Finn as a nursing student. Things here are a bit different than in Jakku, Rey supposed. “Come with me, I’ll take you to the pub,” Finn said one Friday night to Rey. She stared at Finn. “You have a pub around here?” she asked. “Yeah. It’s not much but the popular kids go there.” “I thought there’s no such thing as popular kids in college.” Finn laughed. “Well, I say popular.” Rey and Finn strolled out of their dorm. Rey was still wearing those bandages that covered her arms. Finn wondered why she wore them all the time but decided against prying, since it could be for personal reasons. Maybe he could ask about the staff she always carried around. “Not to be too nosy, but what’s with the staff?” Finn asked. Rey glanced at the object in question. She shrugged. “Habit,” she stated. “Useful for walking back in Jakku.” “Jakku sounds like a junk yard.” “It is not!” Rey said indignantly. She lightly poked her staff at the small of Finn’s back in a gesture of playfulness. They arrived at the entrance and the bouncer immediately recognised Finn. He narrowed his eyes at Rey. “Who’s this?” he asked. “New kid. Gotta show her around,” Finn replied. He glanced at Rey and he realises that her stance slightly changed, as if she was ready to fight the bouncer. The bouncer’s eyes lit up in recognition. “You’re that chick from Jakku,” he sneered. “You stole my portions!” “Ain’t my fault you gave shitty parts,” Rey retorted. She holds her staff in front of her in a defensive position. “Come near me and you’ll end up just like last time.” Just when the bouncer lurched forward to throw a punch, a boy in a leather jacket stepped in between Rey and the bouncer. “Easy there, guys,” Poe said, coaxing the two apart. “You wouldn’t wanna ruin the celebration party for the big donation the aeronautics department got, wouldn’t ya?” he said to both of them, but more pointedly to the bouncer. The bouncer straightened his shirt, still pissed off. He gestured for Rey and Finn to go inside the pub. Poe followed the two and gave the bouncer a grateful salute. “Thanks so much for helping us out there,” Finn said as the three of them seat themselves in a booth. Poe waved a dismissive hand. “Eh, it’s nothing,” he said. “Bouncer back there gets butthurt real easy so I won’t take it too personally if I were you,” he explained to Rey. “Poe Dameron, aeronautics,” he said as he extended a hand to her. Rey shook Poe’s hand and replied, “Rey, Finn’s new roommate.” Poe nodded in understanding. “How are you finding this university so far?” he asked. Rey made a vague gesture with her hand. “Certainly different from Jakku.” “Jakku? ‘Junkyard Jakku’?” “What is it with people calling my hometown a junkyard?!” Rey slammed her fist on the table loud enough to make a few heads turn to see where the noise came from. She settled back down, sheepish. “I’m here for the Jedi Internship,” she admitted. Poe and Finn looked at her in disbelief. “The Jedi Internship?” Finn repeated. “I haven’t heard anyone talk about that since Luke Skywalker left and Vader became the new Dean.” Poe hummed in agreement. “Whatever you might have heard about it, you might as well be listening to fairy tales. It’s been so long since anyone applied for that internship, even I don’t know whether or not it was a real thing.” “Why?” Rey asked. She leaned forward in her seat, eager to listen. Poe and Finn looked at each other with uncertain glances. Should they tell her? An eyebrow raise from Poe made Finn relent and begin to tell Rey about what happened to the Jedi. “By now, you know what the Jedi Internship could give you: qualifications for any career field you choose. It’s every college student’s wet dream. But it’s been said that once you apply for it, there’s only a handful of people who pass and get those qualifications.” Poe interjected. “The really broad legibility rules was what made the Internship so popular among students. ‘Disciplined and courageous’ was literally all it said underneath that heading. Out of 10 kids that apply, about seven of them get in.” Rey scoffed. “You don’t think I didn’t do my research? I know all this stuff. The Jedi Internship is famous for its teaching approach focused on discipline and courage; it’s a full-time commitment. You apply as a freshman and work under the internship until you find out whether or not you pass by senior year.” She leaned across the table and narrowed her eyes at Poe. “I want to know about this Luke Skywalker.” Poe swallowed thickly. Her gaze towards him was certainly unsettling. He opened his mouth to say that really, he doesn’t even know if Luke Skywalker is a real person and not some made up legend and did she have to be that close to him-? “It’s true,” a voice said, startling the three students. They all turned to the source of the voice. It was an old man with greying hair and a worn jacket over a white shirt. There was an air of confidence about him but it felt muted, as if age mellowed him out. “No way,” Poe breathes, awed. "Sir, I thought you were on leave until next semester," he said as he came up to shake the old man's hand. Poe turned to Finn and Rey and was about to introduce the old man when he saw that Finn was gesticulating wildly, as if trying to recognise who the old man was. Finally, the freshman snapped his fingers. “You’re Han Solo!” Finn exclaimed. “Man, you’re a legend. With your co-pilot and the Millennium Falcon and-” Finn cut himself off with a gasp, "how's Leia?" The old man—Han Solo—chuckled. "Easy there, kid. Yeah, it's true. All of it. The stories, the Jedi. It's all real." "So what happened?" Rey asked. Han Solo sounded like a familiar name. Wasn’t he the guy who did the Kessel Run in less than fourteen parsecs? Poe gestured for Han to take a seat beside Rey in the booth. The boy sat beside Han and Finn was trying his best not to piss his pants. Rey looked at Finn and Han. The old man must be a bigger deal than she thought, then, if even a freshman like Finn knew about him. Han cleared his throat. "I was there with Luke when he was under the Internship. He was very young, straight from Tatooine. He was the best student the Jedi Internship took in, no joke. "Then Vader became the new headmaster. It was after the fall of the Death Star and there was a great depression across the country. He saw that the Jedi Internship ate up too much of the university's budget and decided to put a new one in its place: the Sith Internship." "This one I've never heard about, sir," Poe said. "I thought they just scrapped it and the university stopped offering internships altogether." "The Sith Internship is under a lot of wraps," Han said. "Unlike the Jedi, they have really strict legibility rules. So strict that only select children of the richer alumni could enter." "But that won't be fair," Finn retorted. "Internships should be open to all students!" "Headmaster Vader put out the Sith Internship because it still passed the requirement of a university of having at least one internship on offer while spending less on that," Han explained. “You’re saying there’s no Jedi Internship, then? Just the Sith?” Rey asks. Han nodded gravely. “As far as I know, Luke was the last of the Jedi. And I don’t know where he’s gone off to,” the old man says. He made his way out of the booth. “Well, it was nice talkin’ with you kids, but I’ve got work to do.” Poe and Finn said goodbye to Han as Rey leaned back in her seat, feeling defeated. Saving all that money, all those days of going without portions, all for nothing? Finn put a comforting hand on her shoulder. “I’m sorry about the Jedi Internship. I’m sure you would’ve done great.” “Whoa, why the long face, Rey?” Poe asked. “You forgot the most important part of the Jedi!” “How’s that going to help me when the Internship doesn’t even exist?!” Rey said, incredulous. It was useless that Poe was trying to give her empty comfort. Poe shook his head. “No, there’s another thing you can do once you become a Jedi: you can teach the Internship to other people.” Rey looked at Poe with wide eyes. “You can do that?” she asked. “Oh, sure. I knew people who knew people that finished the Internship and taught it to other students. But teaching another student has a lot of restrictions. A whole section in the handbook, I think.” “Why didn’t I realise that sooner?” Finn said, slapping his forehead. “I’ve got the handbook in the room. We can look at it and see if you could become a Jedi.” “But you heard Han,” Rey said. “Luke Skywalker is the last of them and even he doesn’t know where he’s went.” “I guess we’ll just have to hope for the best.” Rey contemplated everything that just happened. The Sith Internship, learning that Luke could teach her to become a Jedi, and this Poe guy whom she just met and yet he was so eager to become her friend. She didn’t expect that her college experience would be this eventful so early on. “Well,” Rey said, standing up, “as much as I want to stay, I’ve got an 8AM class tomorrow. See you in the morning,” she said to both Poe and Finn before taking off. Left alone, Poe inched closer to Finn. Not too much that Finn would think he was invading his personal space but enough that they could talk in hushed voices. “Your roommate is something, eh?” Poe said. Finn looks at him. “We barely even know you and you treat us like your best friends,” Finn commented. “Well, aren’t we?” Finn was left speechless. It’s the second semester and he has only saw Poe in passing. He knew about the older student’s reputation. Finn asked around and he found out that Poe got the highest score in all the university’s history when he took the entrance exam for students wanting to take aeronautics. The freshman knew that Poe, in his 3 rd year of university, wouldn’t have time to interact with newbies like him. “I don’t know,” Finn finally said. “I just thought that you had better things to do than hang out with us.” Poe laughed. “Aw, c’mon, buddy,” he said as he casually put an arm around Finn’s shoulder. “I just thought that helping out newbies like you and Rey get settled into the school would be mutually beneficial.” “You’re saying you’re friends with me so that you can look good on your résumé?” Finn asked incredulously. “I’m offended,” he huffed playfully. “It’s not like that,” Poe defended. He suddenly sounded sincere, as if he took Finn’s comment a little too personally. The junior shook his head. “I mean, I think you guys are pretty cool and I don’t really click well with my other classmates and I just thought-” Poe stopped mid-speech. He wasn’t usually like this when he talked with other people. Sounding flustered and being desperate for someone’s approval wasn’t like himself. He was used to people already liking him without him saying a word. He was used to words rolling off his tongue like he practiced them a thousand times. This one is special, he thought. But right now, he had to say something to keep the flow of the conversation going. He snapped into a more playful mood and beckoned for Finn to come closer so he could whisper in his ear. “I just thought: Roses are great, violets are fine, you’ll be the 6, and I’ll be the 9.” Finn drew back quickly, a blush spreading across his face. Poe was mentally cursing himself for saying a ridiculous pick-up line , of all things, and now he’s quite possibly ruined any chance of meeting Finn again without feeling awkward around each other. Still, he made himself look like he meant to say what he just said and kept that cool and confident aura about him. Finn stuttered, unsure. “I, um, I have to go,” he said weakly. “It was nice hanging out with you!” he said as he all too quickly fled the pub. Poe kept that cool and confident façade until he was sure that Finn was out of the room. He slumped in his chair and raked a hand down his face. God dammit, Dameron, pull yourself together! Chapter 2 : Maps and Traitors At the gym. I put away the dishes for you. -Finn Rey just got back from her classes and had nothing else to do for the rest of the day. It's been a while since she brushed up on her kickboxing. Maybe Finn would be willing to be her buddy. She put down her backpack and changed into her gear, meticulously changing the bandages on her arms for bandages for her fists. She arrived at the gym near her dorm and found Finn using the punching bag. She ambled up to him and casually greeted him. "Need a partner?" she asked. Finn stopped to glance at Rey. "Never knew you box," he said, walking over and taking a swig from his water bottle. Rey shook her hand in an indecisive gesture. "I do a bit of everything. Great for stress," she said. "I'll hold the bag for you." "Thanks." They took turns using boxing equipment and spotting for each other while using the machines. Finally, Finn led Rey to the small boxing ring in a separate room in the gym. “Let’s see what you’re made of,” Finn challenged as he and Rey entered the ring from different sides. The boy has put on boxing mitts while Rey was using her teeth to tighten the knot on her boxing gloves. Both of them warmed themselves up for their sparring session. “We’ll go for a minute, then we switch.” Rey nodded at that and anticipated when Finn would put forth a mitt she would hit. It was challenging enough for her to keep her on her toes as Finn circled around her, but they went easy enough that any mistake she made wasn’t of too much consequence. Finn put down the mitts. “Switch?” Rey nodded and started to take off the gloves to hand them over to the boy. From a far corner in the room, someone whistled low at them. “Didn’t take you guys for the combat type,” Poe commented as he strolled up to the ring. “Finn, I would understand, but Rey, I’m really impressed! Do you do more than boxing?” Rey stopped in the middle of taking off a glove. She looked at Poe, amazed. “How did you know?” The junior gestured at her feet. “Your stance and the way you throw your punches. You’ve got a great boxing stance but I see a little bit of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in the way you execute your strikes.” Poe turned to Finn. “You’re just boxing, right?” Finn nodded. “Well,” Poe said as he took off his jacket, “If you guys don’t mind, I’ll join in.” Before Finn or Rey could protest, Poe already entered the ring. He looked pointedly at the mitts and gloves, then at Rey and Finn. “How about we go mano e mano?” he said with a playful grin. Finn was flabbergasted. Does Poe fight? He voiced that thought to the junior. “’Course I do! A pilot’s gotta be in top shape!” “So what do you do, then?” Rey asked. “Anything I can learn from other people.” Then Poe’s eyes flashed with an epiphany. He walked over to Finn to whisper in his ear and the freshman nodded in intervals, listening to Poe’s plan. Rey continued to take off her gloves as she eyed the two boys suspiciously. They were done conversing when she finally removed both gloves from her hands, leaving her with the bandages that covered her knuckles. “Poe wants to give you a challenge,” Finn said. “Take both of us down and he’ll give you all the information he knows about Luke Skywalker.” Luke Skywalker? The last of the Jedi? Rey nodded, confident. She could take them both down easily. “Son of a-” Finn muttered under his breath as he overbalanced and collapsed on the floor. He landed ungracefully just a few inches beside Poe, who was lying face down and didn’t look like he’ll be getting up anytime soon. The freshman smiled up at Rey. “You’re really good,” Finn said. The girl offered her hand to help Finn up. “Now will you tell me about Luke Skywalker?” Rey asked. Just before Finn took her hand, Rey was swept off her feet, causing her to fall between the boys. When she turned to see who did it, she found Poe looking at her with the goofiest smile on his face. “What a happy accident,” he said with a wink. “You went down too, so that means I can’t tell you what you want to know.” Rey slapped him lightly on the chest. “C’mon, I took you both down fair and square!” “She’s right,” Finn admitted. “Now you’re just playing around.” “Well what if I am?” Poe said defiantly. He rolled over and proceeded to assault both Rey and Finn with pokes and tickles to their sides. Rey cried out in surprise and Finn barely dodged Poe’s strikes. The three students wrestled on the ground and stopped when they heard a familiar beep. “BeebeeAte!” Poe called out, untangling himself from Rey and Finn. He exited the ring and jogged towards the round droid to kneel in front of it. The younger students couldn’t hear what Poe was saying to the droid but looking at BB-8’s constantly swivelling dome and miniscule but frantic pacing (or rolling), the droid must be telling Poe something important. “Alright, thanks, buddy,” Poe finally said to BB-8. He stood up and walked over to Rey and Finn. “We gotta go.” “What did the robot tell you?” Finn said. “BeebeeAte just found a map leading to Luke Skywalker.” The three of them sprinted past shuffling students, following the droid. Many students are familiar with the orange and white beach ball that roams the campus, collecting data and sometimes taking pictures for the university newsletter. So when BB-8 is rolling down a crowded hallway of students, most of them would give way to the stout droid. Rey, Finn, and Poe squeezed through people, eyeing BB-8 as it swerved past legs and turned corners. “That beach ball is faster than I thought,” Finn panted. “Does it run on an engine or something?” Poe shrugged. “Somebody must have oiled BeeebeeAte’s rollers. It’s been due for maintenance for about a month now.” “You know that’s detrimental to the droid if you don’t stick to its maintenance regimen?” Rey asked, rhetorical. The junior groaned. “I’ve got a lot of papers…” he muttered. “Hey! I think BeebeeAte is stopping here!” Sure enough, when the three students turned the corner, they found BB-8 slowly rolling to a halt in front of a lecture room. As Poe approached the droid, it beeped rapidly and high-pitched, as if it were a dog excitedly barking at something it found. “What is it, buddy? Is the map in there?” The droid moved its dome in what resembles a nod. Finn’s eyes were wide. He glanced up at the room number above the door and gulped. Rey noticed Finn’s change in demeanour and before she could ask what was wrong, Poe opened the door. The lecture room was currently in use, with a professor up front and the projector showing notes. The room had an impressive number of students, many actually paying attention. Some people at the back turned to glance at the newcomers and then resume to their own business. However, one boy didn’t resume to their own business upon glancing at the three students. His gaze was more focused towards Finn than Poe or Rey. He had ginger hair and a pale face. Finn gulps. Nines, he thought to himself. “Traitor!” Nines shouted as he got out of the chair to charge at Finn. The other students near Nines glared disapprovingly at his outburst and the professor stops the lecture mid-sentence. “FN-2187,” Professor Phasma said all too sweetly. “I didn’t realise you would grace us with your presence.” She turned her attention entirely on Finn, and so does the whole lecture room. The boy in question was preparing to guard himself as Nines finally came close enough to him to throw a punch. Finn dodged the punch and swatted the blow away from him. Rey and Poe took a step back, unable to do anything but watch their friend fight off the ginger boy. “What did all those all-nighters mean to you?!” Nines roared, face reddening. “All that time we spent studying, working together ?!” Nines was all offense while Finn either dodged or blocked the attacks. Only a couple of jabs or swipes were meant to get the boy to stop. Finally, Nines gave up and slumped his shoulders, defeated. “We’ve been friends since high school. What happened?” Finn pinched the bridge of his nose. “Nines, you gotta let this stuff go. People change all the time.” He sighed. “I’m so sorry I left this class. I just- I don’t think it’s something I’ll be really good at.” “2187 is right, Nine,” Phasma said. “His performance has been substandard ever since he began this class and I hardly see him pay attention to the lectures or the tutorials. Leaving this class was the best he could do for the rest of you. It is the way of the First Order to focus on personal betterment and to let your colleagues make their own mistakes instead of helping them.” Rey and Poe watched the spectacle from beyond the lecture room. BB-8’s camera was focused as well, softly beeping to itself as it recorded everything it could. It was programmed, after all, to record any and all incidents of conflict between students or professors. “I apologise for disrupting your lecture, Professor Phasma. The droid BeebeeAte here led us to this lecture room because of a personal matter. We’ll come back another time,” Finn said. He bowed his head at Phasma as a gesture of respect and apology. He turned on his heel and walked out of the room. After closing the door behind him, Finn leaned against the nearest wall and dragged a hand down his face. “Fuck,” he breathed. He let his weight drag him down until he was sitting on the floor while leaning against the wall. “Of all the places,” Finn said to BB-8, “it’s in there?” The droid beeped in agreement. Finn sighed. “You two can go after the class in there is done. I’ve already shamed myself in front of a room full of people who think I’m a traitor.” Rey and Poe stood there, unsure of what to say without prying into Finn’s life. The sophomore and the junior looked at each other, silently conversing. Rey jerked her head towards the freshman, to which Poe responded to with a look that asked “What am I supposed to do?” Rey jerked her head towards Finn, a little more aggressively this time, and mouthed “Man up.” Then she took out her phone to show the junior that she had a class in 10 minutes. She let Finn know that she was leaving and the boy barely whispered his goodbye to her. She walked away and left the freshman and the junior to their own devices. “You wanna talk about it?” Poe asked as he sat down beside Finn. The freshman shook his head. “I still feel a little guilty,” Finn said. “All my life, I stuck with Nines. We did a lot of things together ever since high school: took the same classes, had study sessions. We both worked hard to get into this university.” Poe hummed in understanding. “Must have been tough when you realised you didn’t want to take that class.” “Tough when I realised I didn’t want the degree I was studying for. My family told me it was the best one since I could easily get a job because of it. Then I got in the First Order and I just felt… defected among my classmates.” Finn breathed in deep. “I think I’m wired differently than other students in the First Order, which must have been why nobody liked me there.” Poe listened to Finn as the freshman told him about how the First Order was different than other blocks. How everything was monitored and everyone was only ever addressed by their student number, not their name. Finn admitted that he thought the First Order was how all the students were like in the university. “I’m with the Resistance, you see,” Poe said. “We do things very differently than in the First Order but both blocks can coexist in relative peace. As long as no one crosses a line.” “And I crossed that line ever since I moved to a nursing degree.” “Hey,” Poe said, turning to face Finn, “it’s your choice as to what path you take in this university.” “I’m in charge now,” Finn said hesitantly, as if reassuring himself. Poe nodded. “You’re in charge of your own life, of your own destiny.” The junior looked at Finn in the eye, reinforcing his message. The two students stayed there, sitting on the floor near the First Order lecture room. There was a heavy silence between them. Not an awkward silence but a silence that held electricity, as if one of them was on the brink of saying something important. Poe broke the silence by breaking eye contact and standing up. “Welp. Pep talk time over,” he said. Finn stood up. “Do you have any classes?” Finn asked. Poe shook his head. “Why? You got any plans tonight?” Poe asked, a hint of suggestion in his voice. Finn blushed but managed to not stutter. “I may have a couple of ideas.” Chapter 3 : Initiations and Interventions Notes: sorry i'm a bit behind schedule! didn't know the week would be so busy >.> "Honestly, I don’t even know how you're the child of two legendary professors and you still manage to get away with this," Hux said, tagging along behind Kylo Ren. They were on their way to the cafeteria to do their yearly initiation of the freshmen. It was their last year in the university and they prepared over the break to make it their 'worst' initiation yet. "Alright, troopers!" Hux yelled as he and Kylo entered the cafeteria. Students, especially freshmen, turned their heads to the two. Hux procured a speaker and placed it on a table. He tapped on his phone several times and an ominous sounding march played. More freshmen turned their attention to Hux and Ren. "Welcome to the home of the First Order!" Hux continued. Members of the First Order who happened to be in the cafeteria cheered and whooped. "I am Hux and you shall address him," he said as he pointed to Kylo, "as Kylo Ren. Don't you forget that!" Freshmen glanced at both Hux and Kylo in uncertainty. They were regarding the two seniors as if they weren't sure whether to fear them or ridicule them for the scene that they were making. Kylo Ren stepped forward. "Freshmen," Kylo started. "Those of you assigned in the First Order will be following my command, if they so wish to join my org." He started tossing flyers onto tables as he walked around the cafeteria. “Once you’ve passed initiation, you’ll become a Knight of Ren, the highest honour you could possibly get while you’re in this university.” “More like the highest dis honour!” a sophomore yelled out. “Your little club doesn’t do shit!” Immediately, Kylo Ren was upon the sophomore and had her neck within his vice-like grasp. She was pawing at Kylo’s wrist while she struggled to gasp for air. “Don’t you ever,” Kylo hissed, “slander the name of my org. Got it?” Although the sophomore was being suffocated, she still managed to scoff and smirk at Kylo. “Or what? You’re gonna tell on your daddy ?” she taunted. Kylo seethed in rage. He hated being associated with his father. It meant that people expected him to imitate his image. Everything his father is, Kylo rejected. The senior tightened his grip on the sophomore’s throat and the younger student frantically flailed and gasped for breath. Rage and hate consumed Kylo as he suffocated her. Caught unawares, Kylo suddenly let go of the sophomore when someone hit him with a blunt object. Turning around, he found that a girl with a staff interrupted him and the sophomore. “Leave ‘er alone!” Rey said. “Fight me instead.” Kylo turned around to face Rey. She seemed familiar, although he couldn’t remember where he’d seen her before. Still, it would be a pleasure to take down the ignorant girl to prove his power. Rey continued. “How ‘bout we turn this into a bet? I win, you tell me about what happened to the Jedi. You win, and I’ll join your org.” Kylo considered the girl’s strange proposition. What was her interest in an internship that’s been long dissolved? He didn’t quite understand the whole point of the Jedi Internship, anyway. Why should that much power and privilege be given away so freely? When Vader became headmaster and the Sith Internship began its pilot program, Kylo actively sought out to be qualified and has been under the protégé of Professor Snoke since freshman year. “I accept your challenge,” Kylo said. “But you must know that it is a certainty that you will fail.” From behind his back, Kylo grabbed his collapsible bo staff and flicked his wrist to extend it to its full length. Rey crouched slightly, her own staff in front of her and ready to fight. For a moment, the two students circled each other, each eyeing their enemy. Kylo span his bo staff in elegant spins, showing off. Rey forced herself to not roll her eyes at that. More and more students flocked toward them, some with their phones out to film them. A shrill beeping and chirping caused the students to look down at their feet. Of course. Trust the robotics team’s best journalist to be the first on the scene. BB-8 made its way through the crowd to be as close to Rey and Kylo as it could get. However, when the droid’s camera focused on Rey, it beeped and chirped even louder than usual. BB-8’s noise made Rey turn around. What was the droid doing here? She immediately regret what she just did, because Kylo charged at her and nearly smacked her flank with his staff. She dodged him to the side and hit the back of his knee as she jumped away from him. The senior groaned both in pain and frustration. He spun around to face Rey and charged at her with more ferocity and speed. Thwack! Thwack! The two managed to carry on the fight without actually hitting each other. One of them would strike, only to be blocked by the other. Sometimes, onlookers would have barely dodged getting hit by one of them. Hux was at the back of the crowd, irritated that the freshman initiation was interrupted but also gleeful that this change of events would give Kylo a better, more powerful image towards the freshmen. “You have impressive skill for a sophomore,” Kylo commented. He attempted a hit at Rey’s abdomen but she drove the blow away from her. “I’d compliment you too, but I’ve been raised not to encourage bullies.” Thwack! Thwack! At this point, professors caught wind of the situation and were ushering students to the side. They were making their way to the front not to separate the fight but rather to get the best view. It’s so rare that a mech engineering sophomore gets to battle Ben Solo, son of the legendary professors Leia Organa and Han Solo. “I can teach you the ways of the Jedi Internship.” Thwack! Thwack! “I know the truth. The only internship here is the Sith. And I’ll never join an elitist, exclusive group that holds back opportunities from students!” With that, Rey brought down her weapon on the outside of Kylo’s neck. The senior lost balance and fell to the floor. Rey held her staff inches from Kylo’s head, then held it by her side. She took down the bastard. Students cheered at Rey while professors muttered among themselves and (not so) discretely gave money to those who bet that Rey would win. BB-8 beeped long and proud, storing away the footage of the fight in its cloud drive. It rolled over to the unconscious senior and scanned for injuries. With another beep, it confirmed that Kylo would be fine and rolled away from him. As people shuffled out the cafeteria and Hux rushed to Kylo’s side, Rey slipped out of the room. Before she went out the door, somebody grabbed hold of her wrist. Rey turned around to see who it was. The sophomore that Kylo choked was looking at Rey with a smile upon her face. Rey was taken aback by the sophomore’s beautiful black hair tied in a ponytail and her even more beautiful face. She was wearing an orange and white uniform, so she must be an aeronautics student. “Jessika,” the sophomore introduced herself. “Thanks for helping me back there. Kylo Ren’s a real jerk.” Rey scoffed. “Kylo Ren? What kind of a name is that?” Jessika looked at Rey incredulously. “You don’t know Kylo Ren? He’s the terror of the college! Head of his org, the Knights of Ren!” She leaned in to whisper. “He’s also Han Solo’s son.” Rey raised an eyebrow. She remembered that the Sith Internship was offered to children of selected alumni. That must be how Kylo got the internship. “Did not know that,” she said sincerely. “Wasn’t he supposed to tell you something about Jedis once you win?” “That was before I knew he was with the Sith.” “Sith?” “Really undercover internship the college offers. Only children of selected alumni can get in.” Jessika snapped her fingers. “So that’s what happened with the internships.” Rey wrung her hands. “It’s just so… unfair that they have to do that!” “Yeah, it sucks.” Jessika glanced around, as if looking for something else to say. “I’m in aeronautics with Poe and I’ve heard stuff about you,” she said. Rey laughed. “Hope it’s all good stuff.” Jessika chuckled weakly. “Yeah, it’s mostly good. Um,” she paused, “I just wanted to ask if you want to go for a coffee?” Rey almost asked for the other girl to repeat herself but the words were spoken clear as day. “As a thank you or…?” Jessika shook her head. “I mean, I was going to ask you today as a normal person but then,” she gestured towards her neck, “Ren happened and I know this looks like a ‘thank you for saving me’ kind of thing but-” “Sure.” “Wait, what?” “I mean, I’ll go have coffee with you. Doesn’t have to mean anything. We could just hang out.” The smile on Jessika’s face grew into a goofy grin and she recomposed herself. “When’s a good time, then?” Rey shrugged. “Now would be great. I mean, I just whooped Kylo Ren’s ass.” Chapter 4 : Dates and Lookouts Notes: it's been a literal year, my buddies, since i posted this and i've got 4 more chapters in store (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) This was totally unexpected. Rey was half-hoping for something to happen, but not this . It’s been far too long since Rey went on a date but with Jessika, she felt completely at ease. Strolling around in campus, letting their feet take them anywhere. The sun was mild and the usual bustle of students made them feel like they were invisible. Rey saved this moment in her mind. Jessika relished the feeling of peace with this girl from Jakku. “So you’re with Poe in aeronautics? Does it get tiring?” Rey said. Jess cocked her head. “When by tiring you mean annoying that I have to listen to how perfect and beautiful Finn is? Because if so, then yes, Poe is the most exhausting guy to be around.” It had also been too long since Rey had laughed a genuine laugh. God, she was so screwed. “Does he also fantasise out loud about completely impossible scenarios?” Rey asked. Jess nodded vigorously. She put on an impression of Poe. “Jess, you think Finn will ask me to the dance?” she asked in a deep voice. “We don’t even have dances, Poe!” she said normally. Rey never felt this much joy since she was a child. Jess would trade the world for one more hour with this girl. The two girls walked in silence for a while, enjoying each other’s company. Jess spotted an ice cream shop and offered to treat Rey to a cone. “What’s an ice cream?” Rey asked. Jess’ jaw dropped. “What do you mean-? You’re saying they don’t have these things in Jakku?” Rey shook her head. “I’d know if there was one.” Jess took Rey’s hand. “You’re missing out, Jakku girl,” she said excitedly. “I’m definitely going to have to treat you to one.” They entered the shop and Jess greeted the boy working there. “’Sup, Snap!” The boy nodded. “Who’s this you got?” Snap asked. “Rey, this is Snap. Snap, Rey.” Snap was a stocky guy. He nodded to acknowledge Rey. “Should I get you the usual?” he asked Jess. “Yeah, get two cones. Rey here’s never had an ice cream before.” Snap’s eyes widened and focused on Rey. “Jakku must be tough.” Rey laughed. “Why do you think I came here?” The boy scooped out two spheres of this beige, mushy stuff and placed them delicately on two waffle cones. Snap handed the cones to Jess, who handed one to Rey. Rey looked down at her cone in bemusement. “How do I eat this?” “Like this,” Jess said as she licked the dripping edges of melted ice cream off the cone. “You don’t want to get your hands too sticky so you lick off the edges first.” Rey followed suit and the chilly sensation on her tongue as she licked the ice cream made her eyes widen. The taste was sweet, milky, and cool in her mouth. Jess smiled as she watched Rey. “Oh, get outta here, you lovebirds!” Snap fondly scolded. “I got other customers to serve.” “We’re your only customers,” Jess retorted. “Let’s go, Rey. I have all these places to show you.” She had never seen this much green in the whole galaxy. “You like it?” Jess asked. Rey was too speechless to answer. She took in the sights around her. Lush, tall trees with foliage that lets narrow beams of sunlight in. The sunlight illuminates the dirt path and she could see the small flowers and shrubbery around. Signs were posted sporadically, describing to passers-by the history and features of the forest. Rey walked up to a sign and glanced at sketches and photos about the history of the forest. “So this used to be where old Resistance dorms were at?” Jess walked over to look at the sign Rey was reading. “Yeah, they all got knocked down for renovation after the Protest of Yavin. Empire kids – that was the old name for the First Order block – didn’t like that Resistance students somehow found a flaw in the Death Star, an old information system that contained all the dirt on everyone in campus.” “That’s an invasion of privacy!” Rey huffed. “I can’t believe that the Order, Empire – whatever it’s calling itself – are such a sneaky bunch!” “It doesn’t stop there.” Jess gestured for them to keep walking. Rey still took in the luscious and relaxing ambience of the forest while listening to Jess talk about the university’s history. “A group of students that called themselves Rogue One managed to steal vital lines of code that makes the Death Star tick. Couple of years later, a new group of Resistance students were able to use that code to hack into the system and eventually destroy it. Luke Skywalker was one of them.” Rey stopped in her tracks. Jess took several more steps ahead before realising Rey wasn’t walking with her anymore. “Something wrong?” “Luke Skywalker…” “What about him?” “He’s the last of the Jedi, right?” Jess hummed. “Maybe? I don’t really keep track of alumni from the Jedi internship. Why do you ask?” “It’s just-” Rey scuffled the ground with her shoe. “I want to find him and get him to teach me the internship. I’ve heard so many great things about him and I really want to know if it’s all true.” Jess was silent for a moment. She shrugged. “I don’t know where he is, but I do know someone who might help you.” Rey beamed but before she could say anything, Jess put up a finger. “But first, I gotta show you why we’re really here.” She led Rey up steep hills and winding tracks. As they ascended, Rey looked back every now and then to marvel at how expansive the forest was. Just when she thought that she’s seen all the green, a few more metres higher and she would see even more lush foliage dancing in the wind. To know that dorms once stood where they were standing… it was a shame that the Empire destroyed a part of the university’s history. “We’re almost there!” Jess called out. Rey turned her head to Jess’ voice and realised that they’ve reached the peak. Jess grunts as she climbed the steep slope to the top of the hill. Rey followed suit. After panting for a while to catch her breath, Rey finally looked up to survey the view. “Holy shit!” she cried in reflex. Jess laughs at her reaction. “It’s really something, isn’t it?” Beyond the forest, beyond the emerald foliage and the chirping birds, was the university standing proud and steadfast. Rey could see the lecture buildings, the modern and complex architecture of the newer dorms, and even her and Finn’s own humble dorm in the midst of the university’s sheer multitude of on-campus housing. “Why are you showing me this?” Jess sits on the ground and invited Rey to sit with her. “In the old Resistance days, this was a lookout meant for the fraternities and the sororities. You know, to keep watch of their rivals.” She shakes her head. “Don’t know why people even bother with that type of stuff,” she muttered. Jess cleared her throat. “Anyway, I’m saying that this place is special because this was the same spot that helped Luke and his team of Rogues destroy the Death Star.” She let Rey stare out into the university with awe as the other girl processed everything she just heard. Luke and the Death Star? Luke, the last Jedi who could teach her the internship? Luke, the hero. Luke, the missing. Where could you be? Rey absently ran her fingers through the ground, feeling the soft grass that she rarely saw on Jakku. She felt a different texture to the grass, something softer and… is it cloth? She grasped the foreign object and slowly tugged it out of the soil. The cloth was orange like the uniform she saw Jess wear while she was in class. It was tattered and worn from being buried but she could make out a name badge on the cloth. “Who’s… Captain… Dosmit Ræh?” she asked. Jess perked up. “She’s a Tierfon Yellow Ace, like me! Can I see?” Rey handed over the cloth. “I didn’t realise that a Yellow Ace would end up here. Which should mean-” Jess got up and walked around the top of the hill. She sauntered to the other side and lunged for something there. Rey shifted to see what exactly Jess went after. Moments later, she popped up with a dusty helmet on her head. “She must have ended up here during the Protest of Yavin. I’ve heard of her once but I never really knew what she did. She goes way back in the day.” She took off the helmet and brushed off the dirt and leaves on it. She handed the helmet to Rey. “As a thank you.” Rey accepted the helmet and stared up at Jess. “Why are you so nice to me?” Jess clenched her jaw and looked away from Rey, trying to hide her blush. “I mean… I’m just-” she took a deep breath and started again. “It was brave of you to step up to Kylo Ren back there. A true Resistance kid stands up for innocent people, so I thought it was only right to give you something to thank you.” She offered her hand to help Rey up, who was awkwardly holding the helmet under her arm. “We officially welcome you to the Resistance,” Jess said. She felt that she needed to do something to make the moment complete but then- Ringring! “There’s reception here?” Rey wondered aloud. She took out her phone and gasped at the time. “God, it’s so late! I have to get back. Finn’s been doing the dishes for two weeks now and he’s getting annoyed that I’m not yet home.” She rose on her tip toes to give Jess a peck on the cheek. “Thank you so much for today,” she said with a smile that could rival the sun with its brilliance. “I’ll see you around!” She went down the hill and eventually out through the forest. Jess was too shocked to even follow after her. “She kissed me,” she said out loud. Her fingers hovered over her cheek, on the spot that Rey kissed. She looked around before crying out in joy. She then went down the hill, back to her own dorm. “Where were you? You don’t usually come home this late.” Rey sighed at Finn’s tone. “God, Mom , it’s not like we have a curfew around here.” She put down the helmet Jess gave her and only realised now that Finn was dressed… differently . “And I might ask you the same thing, ex-Order kid.” She went over to Finn and tugged on his tie. “What was the special occasion?” she asked with a smirk. Finn blushed. “Well…” Notes: note to self: wips are a bad idea bc you abandon them for a literal year Notes: Comments and kudos are always appreciated! ^~^