Reunions Naboo was a beautiful planet. The lake reflected the light of the sun and moon respectively and its surface was always shimmering. I could watch it for hours, and for lack of much else to do I often did. Sometimes from the window seat of my third story bedroom. Other times from the rocking chair in the nearly empty nursery that adjoined it. Most often I found myself on the Marble terrace overlooking the lake. Today I was watching the lake in hopes to gain courage. I held the silver urn containing the ashes of Anakin Skywalker in my hands. I had been instructed to carry him to Padme`s tomb, a tall marble structure I had not yet visited. I had made many excuses to delay my task and being that I was alone had not had to justify them. It had been two weeks since I arrived at the lake retreat however and I couldn’t allow myself to delay any further. It was a fairly short walk from the terrace to Padme`s tomb. It lay down a stone walkway surrounded by trees and could be reached in ten minutes at a slow pace. The building felt less like a tomb and more like a traditional gazebo or shrine to an old world goddess. The building was fairly small, round, and topped with a beautiful dome. Along the curved wall opposite its door was a stained glass window showing Padme in three panels. In the first she was the young Queen of Naboo, wearing her hair high and make-up powdery and white. The second panel showed her as a senator, with her hair in a neat bun and her face a kind smile. The last panel was Padme as a mother, her hair fell loose over her shoulders and her hands folded over her swollen belly, her face was serene. Beneath the windows lay her coffin, covered by a cloth of purple velvet. I had been told she had been frozen in time when she was sealed under the glass top of her coffin, and hadn’t aged a day since death. A part of me didn’t want in any way to see her still and lifeless after dreaming of her alive. The louder part of me however needed to. I pulled away the cloth, allowing it to fall onto the floor. There she was. She was just as I had seen her before, and lay resting peacefully in a bed of flowers. Her coffin had been opened only once since her death. After General Organa and Master Skywalker made the public announcement of their parentage the people of Naboo had insisted on it. In a ceremony with great care taken a lock of each of her children`s hair was added to her burial. She had a wooden charm between her hands, and dark and light hair respectively in thin braids in her left hand. I pressed a hand to the top of her of her coffin. It felt odd to address the dead but in this moment I felt that I must. “He asked to be brought to you. I hope you`re happy to see him” Not anticipating an answer, I set Anakin`s urn on top of her coffin and replaced the cloth. “Thank you” When I turned she had manifested behind me “I’m sorry I didn’t come to see you sooner, I can only manifest in my place of burial. Since I’m not a force-user. Though by being buried with me Anakin will be confined now too” She smiled the same vibrant smile as she had on the glass window. “I’m happy to help, I’m glad you two can have a happy ending.” She laughed at that “There are no endings, happy or sad, not really. There are happy places and times though. This is one.” “The whole lake retreat feels like one.” I often felt as though I was intruding on their private place, some of their things were still here. The retreat had been used only very rarely in the last decades. “It is indeed. It will be a happy place for you too. It’s fitting that Anakin and I will reconcile here.” “You haven’t spoken yet?” The two spoke of each other every time I saw them, I had assumed they had already been reunited “As I said, I cannot leave my tomb. Anakin could not enter it. To join me here he has given up the ability to commune with anyone who does not seek him out, he would have sooner had he not been watching over our children I suspect.” She smiled in a gentle fond way when she spoke of Anakin and her children “I’ll come to visit you again sometime” I felt very much as though I needed to allow her privacy when Anakin materialized, which he was bound to do at any time. “Before you go, allow me to make you a small gift.” She smiled broadly “I believe all my clothes are still in storage her, in crates in the attic, you`re welcome to them. I think we`re about the same size and I have little need of them. Besides, I would like to consider you my grandchild.” “Thank you” I did my best to smile as brilliantly as she did, though I felt it fell flat. As I walked out I heard laughter. Glancing behind me I saw Padme twirled in the air by her husband before they vanished. I cursed myself for stalling such a pleasant encounter for as long as I had. Padme was a delightful woman and I was happy to have done something for her. As well as for Anakin, who I had discovered orchestrated my rescue. Besides, she had given me the maternal warmth I had missed in General Organa`s absence. By gifting me her wardrobe she had also given me something to occupy my time for the next few days. I walked slowly and enjoyed the scenery on the way back to the retreat, feeling content. Chapter 2 : A Reprimand is Given Notes: here he is, my pouty boy “How could you have made such a great mistake Kylo Ren?” Snoke’s voice boomed down on the young knight, full of threats “I’m sorry Master” His mask stole any emotion from his voice but an onlooker would guess he felt remorse “You had better be. You were the one who insisted on keeping the girl alive.” Kylo Ren stayed silent, head bowed in a physical show of respect and shame. He knew very well that he was being held responsible for her escape, and for any information she might have. Should she pass any of it on to the Resistance there would certainly be hell to pay. “You will be punished for this,” Snoke glowered down at his knight “You are being put on leave. You will return to me in six months’ time, from there you will prove yourself once again.” He did not say “or else” but the words hung in the air The knight gave a bow and exited the room. It was very clear that his most recent mistake threatened his position in the Knights of Ren as well as the First Order. “Where will you go?” Hux followed after him with a slight smirk “To seek guidance” “Stop being pretentious and cryptic, it doesn’t suit you in your diminished position” Hux clearly enjoyed seeing his colleague lose favor “I’m going to my grandmother’s tomb, on Naboo. Have my ship ready by nightfall.” Chapter 3 : Memories are Discovered Notes: Anakin and Padme`s story is going to continue being brought up quite a bit, but this should end up being the biggest chunk of it. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) I dressed with great care and leisure in the mornings, now that I had Padme`s wardrobe. Perhaps it was vain and excessive but it was fun. In some ways I felt like a little girl playing in my mother`s clothes. In others her clothes gave me her strength. It was easier to feel like I was powerful and capable when I was attired like a Queen. It took me three days to unpack all the trunks of clothes and go through them. Since my stay was going to be so long, and I wanted them to air out, I hung them up in the huge walk-in-closet adjoining my room. I recognized a few of the pieces from pictures of her both in the articles I had read and dreams I had of her. It was like going through a family photo album, to know and imagine what events were attached to each piece of clothing. Today I wore a simple dress, it was long and slim with a black base. Overlaid on top of the skirt were layers of shining green gauze, and it hung from the shoulders to drape my arms and back. I was indulging myself with some of the more beautiful dresses while my stomach still laid flat. I decided that today was as good a day as any to try and work on assembling the nursery. I had dragged two of the trunks down from the attic and left them in there. One was labeled “Baby Things” in an elegant cursive script, I assumed Padme had written it. The other was labeled “Holograms” in a much rougher looking block print, no doubt Anakin`s hand. I started with the holograms. Of all the boxes this was the only locked one. It took me very little lime or effort to break the lock however. I was delighted with what lay inside. This was the family story I had imagined for myself in the wardrobe. They were not really my family but I had never known my own, they might as well be. The crate had obviously been filled with the older pictures first then had the more recent ones stacked on top. I got to look first at pictures of Anakin and Padme, his arms wrapped around her and laid on her huge belly. Then there were pictures of them from news sources, the senator and legendary hero respectively. Several of these I hung up on the wall. The ones below that were taken at the lake retreat. Several showed them laughing together, blurred with motion. A few were Padme giggling out at the viewer as Anakin kissed her cheeks. At the very bottom was a photo that struck me hard. The two stood hand in hand and nose to nose on the terrace overlooking the lake. It was their wedding photo. I hung that beside the bay window that looked out onto the terrace. I had to stand for a moment and consider the past in relation to now and the events of my own life before I could bring myself to put away the chest. It was almost heartbreaking to be here, to see the remnants of their time here. This was a place full of love at one point in time. Being here now after it had left made the rooms feel empty. I was going to become a mother here in this small paradise, yet I felt as though I was alone. It was hard to deny that I wanted to fill the rooms with laughter too. I wanted to stand out on the terrace with someone, gaze out at the lake together. I had to remind myself not to think about him, I couldn’t let myself. I tried to distract myself with the baby things. There was soft blue bedding, the color of the lakes. Clearly it had been purchased with this room in mind. There were also a few blankets, which I draped over the edge of the cradle, and some clothes. I decided after a little while that this was not nearly enough to occupy my mind. The only other distraction I had available at the moment was going to Padme`s tomb. I decided it would be a nice walk and a restful visit, a welcome diversion. It took me longer than the previous time to reach the mausoleum. I meandered along the path stopping every so often to soak up the scenery. The trees along the path blew softly in the wind, scattering leaves into the air. I was delighted to see Anakin and Padme again. “I found your box of holograms” I settled myself onto the floor of the building, my skirt cushioning me. “That’s wonderful!” Anakin’s face lit up and he looked to Padme triumphantly “and you thought we shouldn’t have kept them” She laughed, not bothering to dispute it with him. “This place was like your sanctuary.” I didn’t know why I said it, it felt a little like admitting that it wasn’t mine as well “Buildings aren’t sanctuaries dear, people are” Padme gave me a gentle smile, glancing at her husband out of the corner of her eye “It feels empty. It’s like a disturbance in the force, the way I feel it. There are tangible memories left here…” When I said it Anakin nodded ever so slightly “yet they’re not mine…” I didn’t know how to put to them in words what I was feeling. I was fairly sure I just sounded whiney and sad in any event so it didn’t matter. They looked at each other for a moment, then at the doorway. Then they looked at me. Finally, Anakin’s eyes stayed on the door and Padme`s on me. I couldn’t understand what silent event they were sharing. I intended to look. I stood up and turned around. I wasn’t prepared in any way to see him standing there. Notes: I love getting comments! Chapter 4 : A Reunion Notes: here we go guys, they're actually together again! His eyes held mine for a moment, wide with shock. I quickly took him in, he was different. His hair was windblown, from traveling no doubt. His clothes were simpler than when I had last seen him. He wore no gloves today. I turned my head back over my shoulder, hoping for Anakin or Padme to say something. Instead of coming to my aid they quickly disappeared. No doubt it was due to some guideline regarding direct interferences. I was forced to turn back and look at him again. “What are you doing here?” His voice sounded distant with disbelief “I could ask you the same” As soon as I asked I knew it was a stupid question. Naturally he was at his grandmother`s tomb to see her. “I think that’s obvious. Besides, I asked first.” He raised one brow “I don’t know that it’s any of your business. Allow me to get out of your way.” I wanted to go to him, I didn’t know what else to do though. How could I possibly just greet him as though we were lovers and not enemies. He didn’t try to stop me from leaving. I didn’t dare to look back as I walked back to the retreat. I only had so much conviction. If I allowed myself that glance, especially if her were looking back at me, I wouldn’t be able to walk away. I found myself on the terrace again before I knew it. I had been so preoccupied with whether I had been right or wrong that the walk back had gone by unnoticed. I stood with my hands on the railing staring out over the lake. It was a good calm place to think. I wasn’t sure if I was right, but I decided it didn’t matter. I was trying to make the best decision for my child. I was sure I had done that much at least. Whether or not I thought he had good in his heart I couldn’t very well raise a child with a Knight of Ren. It wasn’t possible. I had to live in the real world. “So this is where you went.” He was right behind me; I must have been very distracted to not hear him approach “You followed me?” I was a little bit surprised, but I wasn’t exactly upset “Obviously” he gave that little smirk of his “May I ask why?” I wasn’t sure what I expected him to tell me, or even what I wanted him to say He laughed “I forgot how fond you are of questions” He stepped up to join me at the railing of the terrace. We both turned to face out at the water now, our shoulders almost touching. “Well, I don’t have an answer for that question.” He said eventually “although I have a few questions for you” “I can’t promise answers” “What are you doing here, on Naboo and here on Naboo more specifically?” He was twiddling his thumbs absentmindedly “Same as you in a way. I had to bring something to Padme`s tomb. I’m staying here for the time being though.” I hoped that telling him where I was living wouldn’t endanger me “Is there a reason for that?” he sounded more curious than suspicious “I’m on leave,” it was true despite my omission “your mother arranged for it.” “ah” He glanced at me out of the corner of his eye and I dropped my gaze. “Do you enjoy staring at me?” he was clearly teasing me by the way the corner of his mouth twitched My face flushed “I’m sure I don’t know what you mean, why should I?” He laughed “Well you certainly don’t go out of your way to flatter me.” The sun was starting to set now and the terrace glowed orange and pink. “Ben?” I looked up at him “Yes?” “I’m glad to see you again” It was the honest truth, and what better time to be honest than on a marble terrace over a lake at sunset? No moment in my life was likely to be this perfect for it. He leaned down to me and kissed me softly. It was a sweet chaste kiss, and we broke quickly. He didn’t give me a chance to move away, instead wrapping his arms around me and pulling me against him. He was warm, and smelled like an odd mixture of sweat and pine. “Máiri?” he murmured into my hair punctuating his question by kissing the top of my head “Yes?” “I’m glad to see you too” Chapter 5 : Joyous News Notes: a short chapter but an important one We ended up eating together that night out on the terrace. We pulled a blanket out to sit on and nibbled out of a bowl of fruit. Ben seemed delighted to juggle them with the force and make me laugh. We sat until long after nightfall when the crescent moon hung high in the sky. I lay back on the blanket and gazed up at the stars. It was a cool night so it didn’t take too long before we felt chilled. We ended up sitting inside by the fireplace for a little while. The flames kept us warm as we lay side by side laughing. It was wonderful to see him again. Though conversing was rather difficult. We often had to refuse to answer the other`s questions, being as we were on opposite sides. I couldn’t well tell him what I had been doing because I had done little but train to kill his men. He couldn’t tell me about his work to destroy my friends and his mother. So we eventually fell to silence. Apparently we had fallen asleep there, as I awoke laying on the blanket before the fire. Luckily either Ben or one of the droids had put out the fire before going to bed. I sat up with a groan, and pressed a hand to my back. “Finally, she awakens” Ben was smirking, I could hear it in his voice I turned to find him standing in the doorway. “Stop laughing at my expense and come help me up” He did not stop laughing. He did however stride over to help me. He wrapped his hands around my waist and easily hoisted me to my feet. “Something`s different about you” he was doing it again. The thing where he didn’t ask me he told me. “Could be the clothes, green suits me much better that solid black” I smiled at him “Come on, I think we know one another well enough to be honest. Something`s wrong.” He frowned slightly “A woman with Jedi training shouldn’t be getting a sore back from sleeping on the ground” I silenced his questions with a kiss. It wasn’t that I didn’t want to tell him, not exactly. It was more that I was afraid to. I supposed in a way I was comparing us to Anakin and Padme. I knew he wouldn’t spin me in his arms and be overjoyed. It was stupid to want such a reaction. After all, we were not Anakin and Padme. We were not a love match or even really a couple. He broke away before I could continue my train of thought “Please just tell me” his eyes were so full of concern; I couldn’t fight against the part of me that wanted to soothe him “I’m pregnant.” For a moment his worry shifted to shock and disbelief. Then he pressed a kiss to my forehead. He tightened his hold on me so that I was held snugly against his chest. He didn’t need to speak, and he didn’t. This was a moment to be silent and be together. We could not make promises now that could not be kept, pledges we would not honor. He did not spin me around but I couldn’t help feeling that this was just as good. Chapter 6 : A Proposal is Made Notes: Exciting stuff this chapter!! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben took to my news with surprising enthusiasm. He spent the rest of the day moving things around in the nursery and admiring his grandmother`s holograms. In the end the pictures were rearranged entirely and the cradle was moved to the back wall of the room. Ben insisted it was so the light from the window wouldn’t reach it and wake the baby. I was able to do little but watch and allow it. He was dead set on the idea of not letting me move anything. He was quickly settling into the role of concerned father. I was fairly sure we had made a silent pact not to speak of anything else. It was much easier to simply pretend there was not a world outside our little lake house. We could pretend for the next few months that we were just a happy young couple expecting their first child. I tried my best not to think on what would happen when our leaves ended. We decided to go out into the fields near the waterfalls for a picnic. I wore a looser fitting dress today, as my four-month belly was much more prominent. Ben wore a linen shirt with his usual pants and boots. The tall grass around us made it feel like we were in a sea of some sort, isolated from the universe. “Máiri?” He was staring “What are you thinking about?” I didn’t want to voice my fear for the future. So I lied to the best of my ability “The baby” His face lit up at my answer. The baby was his favorite topic at the moment. “Do you want a boy or a girl?” His hair was whirling around his face in the breeze “I’m happy either way” In my heart I wanted a daughter. None of the women in his family had turned to the dark side. I didn’t want to fear for my son`s morality. “If we have a son can we name him Anakin?” this was the third time he had brought up the idea “You will have to ask your grandfather” In my heart I wanted to say no, absolutely not Though I wanted to give him some say in it. He would likely only see our child for a few days before he had to leave. Whether I named them or not at least I would get to raise them. Which I thanked the force for. Our child would be much safer with me and it`s grandmother than with it`s father. “Do you think it’s a good idea though?” I kissed him rather than answer. It was easier that way. He broke away with a smile. He looked entirely different here. His hair flowed in the wind and tangled like any ordinary man. He didn’t wear gloves here, which made him feel less like a robot. Mostly though he smiled almost constantly. “You`re zoning out again my love” I smiled at him as reassuringly as I could “I’m just thinking” “So am I. Can I ask you something”? I braced myself. Here it came. He wanted to take the child at the end of our time together, or have some custody. Maybe he wanted to have paternal rights listed in the birth record. I was going to have to fight with him. Our happiness couldn’t last forever. I nodded at him. “Would you like to get married?” “What?” It caught me totally off guard “I’m serious, I mean we`re having a baby. It would have to be a secret of course but we could get married before the baby comes.” I studied his face for a moment. He seemed entirely sincere. “Besides,” he went on “I love you” It was the first time he had ever said it. I didn’t know that he would ever say it. I felt my cheeks redden entirely against my will “I love you too.” I thought for a moment “Let`s get married.” He pulled me to him, and we fell into the grass side by side. He tangled me in his arms and kissed me sweetly. I was entirely content, so much so that the nagging voice in the back of my mind almost forgot it was temporary. Notes: if you guys have preferences about the baby feel free to comment it. I'm still not sure what the gender will be or the looks or anything. Chapter 7 : A Wedding Takes Place Notes: here we go guys! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Wedding planning goes relatively fast when you don’t have any guests. I wanted my friends there, and I knew General Organa would want to be there. If she ever found out it had taken place that is. I had to accept however that having Ben as himself with me meant having nobody else. Ben said he had taken care of the priest for the ceremony, and a nice dinner planned for after. I was left to figure out my dress. I had pulled Padme`s dress out of the closet. I wasn’t sure it would fit over my stomach. I wasn’t huge yet but I certainly had a baby bump. I was a little more than four months pregnant, where Padme had been quite slender when she was married. I decided to seek her advice about it. At Ben`s insistence I wrapped a shawl around my shoulders before I went to her tomb. So that “the baby wouldn't`t catch a chill” a phrase he emphasized by dropping to his knees and kissing my belly. It took a little longer to get to the mausoleum than usual because I walked cautiously. I was worried about making sure nothing went wrong too. Bens worries just happened to overshadow mine. Eventually though I found myself seated on the marble floor. “Padme I have good news for you” Ben and I had been quite busy with one another the last few days and I hadn’t yet come to tell her about my upcoming wedding She materialized immediately, this time without Anakin “Yes my dear?” “Ben and I are getting married” She gave an exultant grin “That’s wonderful! When?” “Tomorrow night,” my smile mirrored hers “I came to ask your advice on something” She smiled and waited patiently for me to go on “I have no idea what to wear…” “I see. I would offer you my dress but I don’t think it will fit. Besides it’s a terrible shame to wear a borrowed gown on your wedding day.” She bit her lip and thought for a moment. “Well there`s a seamstress droid in storage upstairs and boxes of fabric. So you can have a dress made by tomorrow. Take my veil though, and feel free to make use of the jewelry in storage. They’re some of the crown jewels that were left here. However, this is no longer a royal residence, and the crown has not claimed them.” “Thank you so much! Id better head back, Ben will start to fuss and I have a lot of work to do. Ill come to see you tomorrow though” “You do that my dear. Tell Ben to come and see us this evening if you would?” I promised I would, before I made my way home. Ben went as soon as I told him he was summoned. He was eager to see his grandfather. It took me little time to find the droid, the cloth, and the jewelry. A few hours later and I had the dress. It was a crisp white color with a delightful silky texture. The neck was a modest U-shape. The sleeves flowed long to the floor, opening at my elbow. The waist was high just under my breasts and beneath it was a row of pleats that fell over my stomach. It made my stomach look quite large but I didn’t find it to be a bad thing. Today was about me and Ben, so why not showcase our baby? The skirt flowed down smoothly to the floor and formed a slight train in the back. I did not end up wearing Padme`s veil. It was an off-white where my dress was a crisp white and didn’t match. Besides, I wanted my wedding day to be entirely my own. I found a silver diadem with a long lacy veil attached in the box of jewelry. One piece of the veil was short and covered to about my shoulders, where the back was almost as long as my train. It was absolutely perfect. I brought it to show Padme and Anakin, who agreed entirely. The next evening came remarkably fast. Despite our lack of guests Ben insisted on upholding tradition. I didn’t see him for the entire day, and he didn’t sleep in the same bed as me the night before. I found myself waiting just out of sight near the doors to the terrace before I was ready. I was excited but more nervous than I had been in my life. It felt like my entire body was trembling. I put a hand on my stomach for courage “Time to go see your father my darling” I thought I felt a soft flutter in response but ignored it, it must have been my imagination. I took a deep breath and stepped out of the door. He was standing there, before the lake. He looked absolutely breathtaking. He was dressed in old style jedi robes. They were grey rather than his usual black, and suited him very well. I took a step with slow dignity. Determined to make a queenly slow walk to my groom. In truth if my stomach weren’t weighing me down I think I would’ve run to him. He took my hands in his, as we stood before the priest. The words were lost to me as I made my vows. The only thing in the world was Ben. The way his hair fell around his face in soft curls, the way his calloused hands held mine so gently, the warmth in his eyes. He lifted the veil from my face with great care, before leaning in for a gentle kiss. When we broke away the priest had gone. We moved to stand together overlooking the lake. Our hands rested together on my stomach, our rings glinting in the moonlight. Notes: I'm considering twins. Do you guys think it would make them too much of an Anakin and Padme retelling? please let me know what you think?? Chapter 8 : Decisions Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben and I found ourselves to be very content in married life. We had no need of a world outside of one another. We dedicated three days to our “honeymoon” time. We spent most of the day in bed, then would find our way onto the terrace in pajamas to eat picnic dinners under the stars and dip our toes in the lake. It was a wonderful existence. Today it ended though. It was time to continue planning for the baby. To start our morning, we went to see Anakin and Padme. This would be the first time we visited them together. “You look positively radiant!” Padme was the first to descend with her usual grin Anakin appeared just a moment later “Congratulations you two” We showed them our wedding holograms, which they were excited to see. We intended to hang them in the nursery beside theirs. Naturally they would have to be put away somewhere after we left Naboo, but it wasn’t time to discuss that. “Grandfather?” I knew as soon as he spoke what Ben wanted to ask “Yes?” Anakin looked at him with pride in his eyes, the same way Leia did when she spoke of her son`s childhood “I wanted to get your permission for something. If we have a son may we name him for you?” Padme and I made pained eye contact. Anakin grimaced, thank god. “I think it would be a bad idea.” Ben nodded. He didn’t seem upset, which I thanked the force for. It seemed Anakin needed to give no explanation for him to be satisfied. I was just pleased to see his hero worship pointed at this part of his grandfather and not Darth Vader. “Have you decided what you`re doing once the baby is born?” Padme gave me a sympathetic look when she asked I didn’t want to discuss it. I knew I needed to and she was trying to help. Still, it made me feel no less reluctant. “We haven’t talked about it.” Ben spoke first, saving me “I think our main concern now is bringing our child safely into the world” Padme frowned slightly then took a stern maternal tone “Go discuss it. It`s too important a topic for it to be left until the last minute.” She disappeared. Anakin gave us a shrug and followed suit. “Have you thought about it?” Ben crinkled his brows “Of course. The baby lives inside of me darling, I’m usually thinking about its future.” He nodded “So? What do you want to do?” “I think it`s best if I take the baby. I`ll still be breastfeeding so the baby won’t be able to leave me yet when we leave Naboo. Besides, the First Order isn’t the safest place for a child.” “I agree.” He let out a sharp breath “I want to be a father, so it will be hard to walk away, but it will be better to know the baby is safe. I can also promise you Naboo and Tatoine will be in no danger, if you ever need a place to hide with the baby.” “So, are we just never going to see one another again after this is over?” He didn’t answer that, I wasn’t sure I’d really expected him to anyways. “I’d appreciate it if you would tell the baby Ben Solo was their father. Don’t say anything about who I am now. If word got out it wouldn’t be safe for any of us.” It was a hard conversation to have, I needed to end it here. How could I though? At that moment my answer came. I felt a little movement on the side of my stomach. “Ben, the baby kicked” He was on his knees before me in an instant. He pressed a hand lightly to one side of my belly, and grinned up at me when our baby pressed against his hand. It was so slight we might not have felt it if we weren’t force users, but sometimes the best things are the littlest ones. Notes: I'm still game for any baby related ideas. Also how would you guys feel about there being a time skip of a month or so each chapter? Since there's not a lot of action here it might be easier to show one or two good scenes from each of the remaining 5 months of Máiri`s pregnancy. Then naturally we would be back to chapters with almost no space between for the time they have with their children before their time on Naboo ends. Chapter 9 : Sleepless Nights Notes: little plot for this chapter or the next few to come It was in the fifth month of my pregnancy that the baby began to move in earnest. It seemed like there wasn’t a time in the day I didn’t feel movement. Ben thrived as my stomach swelled, glowing in his impending fatherhood. He reveled in each movement the baby made. Our bed became a place for dreaming of our baby. There was no lovemaking in our nights now. We would press our hands to my belly and talk of the future we would not all share. Would the baby be a boy or a girl, who would they most resemble, what would their talents be? Ben hoped for a child who would be a skilled pilot, in the way of his family. I wanted a child who would stay on the ground, it was far safer there. I imagined for myself a little girl with dark hair and fair eyes who was levelheaded and sweet tempered. Ben brought to life images of a fair haired boy with a bright attitude and adventurous goals. I would sleep on my side, Ben with his chest pressed to my back and his arms cradling me and the baby. I slept restlessly now, the baby would move and wake me in the night. Often I found myself slipping out of bed to sit on the terrace. I had pulled a chair out to sit beside the railing on this particular night. I gazed up at the stars and thought about the future. Would I be a good mother? Would I be able to keep my baby safe? I had been pondering over the idea of leaving the rebellion lately. Ordinarily I wouldn’t dream of such a thing. At the moment I had little other choice, I didn’t know if I could raise my child on a military base. It would be a childhood full of fear and little safety. I would have to talk to the General after the baby came. “Couldn’t sleep?” Ben came from behind me and wrapped his arms around me “I never can. The baby doesn’t sleep so neither can I.” He laughed “My son is already tormenting his mother” “Your daughter is already as headstrong as her grandmother” I put emphasis on daughter. He laughed pressing a kiss to my cheek. It had become our playful little argument, to insist one way or another on the gender of the baby. “I have a question about our son?” “What about her?” I responded with a laugh “If I’m right, if it is a boy. Can we name him after my father?” He dropped his voice to a conspiratorial whisper, there was pain in his voice “Of course we can!” I turned to hug him tightly. It was the first time I had heard him speak of his father, it caught me off guard. I knew what had happened, of course. Everyone had. He never spoke of it to me though. It seemed to cause him a lot of pain, based of his tense shoulders and soft tone of voice. It felt like a good gesture towards his father, though I had never met Han Solo I had only heard good things and found him a fit namesake for my son. If in fact I was having a son Besides, I knew the General would be touched to have her first grandchild named for her husband. She would not know that it was a secret apology from her son, but it would still soothe her heart. As much as I was happy for my own motherhood I was just as anxious for General Organa to be a grandmother. I thought it would do her a lot of good. She had lost her family, her brother, husband, and son, she deserved the child I was carrying. “What are you thinking about my love?” Ben`s voice broke into my thoughts “The future” “Again? It seems you only think of the future. You need to live in the now.” What he did not say was that I was looking forward so much to the baby I was barely enjoying him “Let`s go for a picnic when the sun comes up” Ben grinned at me in that way of his. He succeeded in making me smile back as my whole body flushed with warmth. He had that effect on me often. He was a wonderful man, my husband, he was all mine. For however long we had left together I was going to keep my eyes on him. Chapter 10 : Sitting and Waiting My sixth month was a time for great rejoicing. I was large and round as the moon. Ben seemed to always be talking to my belly. I barely walked or left the lake house because my body was so ungainly. My breasts were swollen and preparing themselves to feed a baby. “hey there little one” Ben pressed a kiss to my stomach The baby kicked in response. “Did you know she can hear you already? She has ears, and little fingers and toes!” I read him a piece of the information in the pregnancy book I was reading “That’s wonderful. Do you hear me darling?” he ran a hand along the crest of my belly with a tender smile I was sure if we wanted to we could boot up the medical droid and find out whether our baby was a daughter or a son. It was a common enough practice in some parts of the galaxy. It was considered bad luck throughout most of it however. It was an idea rooted in old custom I suppose. I didn’t mind it, I had no need to know just yet. “I can`t wait until you`re born so you can see how silly your father is” I also spoke to our baby He silenced me with a kiss, his attention effectively turned. Ben had been incredibly affectionate in the last few weeks. There was an endless stream of picnics and home cooked meals. Between these was an infinite blessing of kisses for me and my stomach. He had insisted on taking holograms of the two of us, similar to Anakin and Padme`s. They were one of the nursery`s finishing touches. We were making the lake house our home as though we would not soon have to leave it. As the end of our time together grew nearer Ben`s affectionateness only grew. To seal the idea of an outside world away entirely we had even put away our lightsaber`s. Two people well trained in Jedi arts who had never been more than an arm`s length away from their weapons gave them up. I hadn’t worn mine since I arrived on Naboo, wanting to make sure I got used to it. After all I didn’t intend to carry my child and my weapon at the same time. Ben was more reluctant, but finally put it away after he felt the baby give a kick at the end of my fifth month. It was about this time that my visits to Anakin and Padme ceased. Not because I didn’t want to see them, I longed for Padme`s guidance now more than ever. It was decided that trying to make my way over the uneven stone path with my swollen belly and ankles was dangerous. I was not happy about it but was willing to make a sacrifice for the baby. I was at a loss with what to do during the day but read. We rarely went farther from the house than the terrace, and boredom was setting in. I felt as though I could do little but wait for the baby to be born. Ben seemed content to do nothing all day but daydream and talk to my belly, I wished I shared his patience. Chapter 11 : A Family is Made My seventh month passed without event. I began to have great pains in my back from supporting my belly and took to staying in bed. Ben fussed of course, but it had little effect. He brought me slices of fresh buttery bread and sweet fruits, and hot teas. We would eat together in the soft haven of our bed. I spent most of my time listening to him tell me stories and fading in and out of consciousness. My eight month was what caused me concern. I awoke in the night about two weeks in to the month with pain in my hips. I stood up, intending on a hot bath. Instead I was gripped by an intense pain. I gripped the side of the bed to keep myself on my feet. Then I felt a gush of wetness down my legs. “Ben wake up!” It came out as a little bit more of a scream than I wanted it to. He was by my side in an instant “What’s wrong? Are you hurt? Is the baby okay?” he spoke in rushed fear “The baby`s coming” I clenched my teeth as a tendril of pain found the pit of my stomach “It’s too early, it shouldn’t be” he said then began to run from the room “I’ll go get the med droid!” I settled myself on the edge of the bed as my first contraction washed over me. It was as if every muscle from my ribs to my hips had clenched at once then released. I was feeling somewhat better when Ben returned. The pain had subsided into a dull ache in my lower belly. “Are you alright my love?” He had his arms around me the moment he returned “I’m okay” The medical droid immediately took my arm and began checking my vital signs. “You appear to be in good condition” It ran a hand over my stomach, scanning for problems “you are experiencing no complications” Ben helped me up onto the bed and laid me back on the pillows. I spent the remainder of the day resting fitfully. The contractions would come in strong waves with less and less time between. In between where I could I would close my eyes. The sun was rising that next morning when I could no longer bear the pain. The droid came beside me again and scanned me “You appear to be ready to give birth” I bit back a harsh response. I certainly could’ve told it I was ready to give birth. The droid assisted Ben and I in getting positioned. I moved so my hips were on the edge of the bed with the droid between my knees. I sat partially upright, Ben behind me. He supported my head with his should and held both my hands tightly. When the next contraction came I screamed, and Ben cried out in pain as I gripped his hands. They came again and again, and I pushed with all my might. I finally began to fear the baby was stuck. I was going to die. It was right at that moment I felt the greatest pain. Then the droid spoke “the head is crowning” Ben kissed the side of my head. With one more scream apiece I felt the baby slide from me into the world. “You have a daughter.” The droid said She gave a high pitched cry from the shock of the cold room. Ben shifted out from behind me, propping me with a pillow, and went to get her. He was cleaning her with a towel and marveling at her. Then pain tore through me again. I really was going to die. “Here comes the other one” the droid spoke again Twins. I was having twins. It was the last thing I thought before a great scream came from me, a horrific animalistic noise. The second baby was smaller than the first and it took only this push to bring her into the world. “Another girl” Ben spoke this time, before the droid could. I held out my arms for my older daughter. Ben in turn took the younger one from the droid. She was small and warm and bright red. She gave another cry, which her sister answered. I undid the top buttons of my nightdress, and guided her to my breast. She immediately silenced and relaxed. Ben pressed a kiss to the top of our daughter’s tiny head before placing her on my other breast. “You were right, both girls” he smiled gently “You get to name them, I was only thinking of boys names” I cupped my older daughter`s head “Dinah” Ben nodded approvingly at the choice and brushed a hand over her little head “Shmi” I named my younger daughter for Anakin`s mother. A family name felt like a good gesture. Ben looked like he was going to cry “This is the best day of my life” he whispered, kissing Shmi “Mine too” Chapter 12 : A Blessing is Given Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) My daughters were a blessing, filling the lake house with joy. Dinah had fair hair and dark eyes, and was by far the louder of the two. It was onto her Ben placed his dreams of a brave adventurous child. He held her often, because she was always soothed by his arms. Shmi had dark eyes like her sister but dark hair to match, and was much quieter. I held her tenderly. She squirmed when Ben held her, but always relaxed in my arms. Ben would awake early every morning to check on them. The nursery was only next door, and he could surely feel them with the force. I suspected he just wanted to see them. I said nothing of course, I wanted him to have extra moments with them too. Dinah would wake first and scream to be held and fed. I would run in to get her, and Shmi would be awake when I got there. I would scoop them up with soothing coos and kisses. Shmi would relax as soon as she was being held. Dinah on the other hand would continue to cry until she was being fed. Ben would come in to find the three of us in the rocking chair while I breastfed them. Usually Dinah would be done around this time, and he would take her. Shmi never seemed to finish as quickly as her sister. Ben held the babies with more gentleness than I knew he possessed. He would cup their head in the palm of one hand and their butt in the other, so she laid facing up at him. Dinah kick her little feet against his chest as he made funny faces at her. Shmi would wave her little fists around in the air. I liked to take lengths of cloth and tie them in slings across my chest so I could put the babies in them. I held them when I could of course but it wasn’t always convenient. Today I was rocking Dinah softly in my arms. Ben hadn’t come to hold her while I fed Shmi. Shmi had fallen back asleep as soon as she was fed though, and I had put her in the cradle. Now I was trying to keep Dinah calm and happy so she wouldn’t cry and wake her sister. Ben walked in during this process, his face pale. “What`s wrong darling?” I turned my head to face him, bewildered “I just received a message” He lifted Shmi from the cradle and held her tenderly. I was afraid he would wake her but she continued to doze peacefully in her father`s arms. He seemed to calm as soon as he was holding her. “What did it say?” “I’m summoned. My leave is ending early, and I have to return to the base.” As he said it he gazed down at our daughter as if she was the last thing in the world’ I couldn’t speak. Our time was over already. Our daughters weren’t even a month old and they would likely never see him again. I would never see him again. I stood up to go to him, lightly bouncing Dinah. He came to me and pressed his forehead to mine. Our daughters lay side by side between us. This might be one of the last times all four of us were together. “When will you leave?” I could barely make my voice come out as more than a whisper “In the morning” His voice was equally as low and quivering Dinah closed her eyes with a little sigh and dozed off. I stepped away from Ben and laid her down in the cradle. He did the same with Shmi. The two of them looked nearly identical side by side, except for the hair color. “They`re like mirror images” Ben was apparently thinking just what I was “They are.” “I`m glad Dinah has your hair” he ran a hand through my hair as he said it. That little bit of contact fueled the fire. We were kissing before either of us could take another breathe. We spent the next few hours in a frenzy in bed. Ben had been insisting it was too soon after the baby for us to be together, but that was forgotten now. We would have few other chances in our lives. We awake when it was late afternoon to the sound of Dinah and Shmi crying. I pulled myself from bed and hurried to calm them, Ben right behind me. We followed the same pattern as usual, making it almost possible to imagine nothing had changed. “We should go to Anakin and Padme” I was sure they would want to say goodbye, and we hadn’t brought the girls to them yet. “Of course. Do you want me to go alone, or do you want to take the girls for their blessing?” Ben pressed a soft kiss to Dinah`s forehead “We should all go” I wanted this chance to really truly be a family. It was twenty minutes later when we found ourselves before them. Padme cooed over them, saying how blessed we were. “Another set of twins in this family. Thank goodness they will be able to grow up together, as my children could not.” She smiled down on them “This is Dinah,” Ben said bouncing her in his arms “She is the older of the two” It was at this point that Anakin and Padme, as the elders of the family, were to bestow a blessing on her. “May you find great joy in your life Dinah” Padme said with a joyous smile “May you want for nothing, and live your life free to do as your heart tells you” Anakin spoke next “This is Shmi” I presented our younger daughter Anakin`s eyes filled with tears, and Padme gave a little sigh. Anakin gave a sweet smile to alert us his tears were of joy. This time he stepped forward to speak “May you live a long and healthy life without any cause for sorrow” He gifted her with what her namesake had been denied “May you have the kind and loving heart of your namesake” Padme finished the blessings Ben kissed each of our daughters. He was beginning to tear up a bit too. Padme and Anakin gave him their blessings too, and wished him safe travels. With a promise to bring the girls to see them again soon, I followed Ben back to the lake house. Notes: So this is almost the end of this part of the series. It will be continued in the third part. Chapter 13 : A Departure and a New Start Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben didn’t wake me to say goodbye. I woke to find his side of the bed empty. I hoped he was in the nursery; I hadn’t heard the girls cry yet. When I went in I found another scene entirely from the one I wanted. The babies slept peacefully, and there was no Ben in sight. I sat in the rocking chair and watched out the window. I knew he was gone but I still hoped he might be out on the terrace. I watched in horror as a ship rose from the woods beyond the lake. It rose up into the air and blasted out of Naboo`s atmosphere. I felt him on it, I knew it was his. Then I felt a tearing in my chest, and could feel him no longer. It was as if he had broken our bond through the force. I rocked myself and wept. I stayed like that until the girls began to cry for me. I fed them and held them and sobbed until the tears stopped falling. I had known all along that it was going to happen. I should have been more prepared for the end. It didn’t make it hurt any less to try and reason with myself. I spent the next few weeks in relative misery. I thanked the force for my daughters. If I hadn’t needed to take care of them I surely would have wasted away. Then I received a message from General Organa. She was coming to Naboo. She arrived in the evening, greeting me with a wide smile. “Máiri, it’s good to see you” “You too General” I was pleasantly surprised when she pulled me into a tight hug I had almost forgotten my closeness to her in the time I was away. It was strange to think I was married to her son now, and that she would never know it. “Do you want to meet your grandchildren?” I took her elbow and began to lead her inside the house “Multiple?” “I forgot to send news when they were born, I had twin daughters” She followed me upstairs with a broad smile. The girls were luckily still sleeping peacefully. Their grandmother smiled down on them. “They look very much like Ben did as a baby” she smiled a little more sadly now. “This is Dinah and Shmi” I gestured to them “After my grandmother?” She looked pleased by that “Yes, Anakin was happy to hear it.” I had to bite back the fact that Ben had wanted to name any son after his father. It was something I very much wanted to tell her. She looked up to the walls, smiling at her parent`s pictures. Tears pricked the corners of her eyes as she watched their lives together unfold on the wall. Then her eyes caught on another image. I had forgotten to take down my wedding photo. The general and I made eye contact for just a moment before Dinah awoke with a cry. She was scooped up by her grandmother before I could reach for her. She quieted immediately, the same way she did for her father. “Hello Dinah” The General bounced her with a smile Shmi began to stir too and I lifted her up. She kicked her little feet in the air, eliciting a laugh from her grandmother. “General?” She looked up at me with an amused expression “I think given the situation it might be better if you called me mother” She made no mention of her son or my marriage, I could easily pretend that she meant because of the babies. “Of course Mother.” I smiled widely. It felt good to address her this way, I had always seen her as a maternal figure anyways. “Will you be ready to return to one of our bases soon? Naturally I would station you somewhere very secure so the girls would be safe” “Actually I think I will need more time before I rejoin the resistance.” I smiled to myself a little. Ben had crept away in the dark of the early morning but he had not left me without a gift “I`m pregnant again” Her mouth made a startled “O” shape before settling into a smile “Of course. Would you like to remain here?” I looked around at the room. It belonged to another time, and to a happy couple. This was not the only planet Ben promised me safety on “I would prefer to go to Tatoine, I believe that will be safe” She nodded her acceptance “I’ll have it arranged for you as soon as possible” We visited Anakin and Padme together and received their blessings. They greeted their daughter together with joy. Then they wished us safety in our paths, mother as a General and I as a mother. We went our separate ways the next day. Poe, Finn, and Rey arrived to escort me to Tatoine while mother left on a diplomatic mission to Coruscant. The three of them marveled at my daughters. Rey smiled at them from afar but seemed afraid if she held them they would break. Finn made funny faces at them but wasn’t sure what to do if they fussed. Poe turned out to be quite good with them, he had a calming presence that seemed to settle them. I was settled in a quiet village not far from Mos Eisley. There were several families who had moisture farms on the edge of the village. In the center of the village was a little marketplace, with vendors selling weavings and food. There were distant relatives of mothers living there, a pair of sisters. Sarah and Marge Lars were Anakin Skywalker`s step-father`s nieces. They had contacted mother to offer her her grandmother Shmi`s possessions being that they were still in the family storage. It was to the two of them that I was sent. My daughters thrived there. I learned how to spin and weave threads from Sarah and Marge. The two older women were interesting and I was glad for their company. It was a pleasant place to spend my second pregnancy. Tatoine unlike Naboo was not a place for idleness, and between helping with work and my daughters my thoughts had no time to stray elsewhere. Notes: this is probably going to be the second-to-last chapter of this part of the story. Let me know what you all think Chapter 14 : A Dream is Realised Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Mother came to be with us when the baby was born. She arrived just in time. It was the same morning that she arrived that I went into labor. Sarah and Marge took turns holding and soothing Dinah and Shmi, mother never left my side. It should’ve been easier the second time. It was anything but easier. I was in labor for days, drifting in and out of consciousness. I was fairly sure I would die this time. “Come on.” Mother held my hand and urged me to fight “You need to do this. Your children need you” I had little strength left by this time however, it would take a miracle to help me. “I have an idea, though it’s a long shot” Sarah pressed her lips together in a frown I was not aware enough to listen to her tell her plans to mother. Next thing I knew I was being lifted to my feet. They held me up between them, forcing me to use my last strength to walk. It felt fruitless as well as agonizing. With each step my stomach jerked with pulsating pain. “Keep going. The baby is stuck, moving might free it” Sarah whispered encouragement to me It was four steps later that I felt a great ripping pain. It seemed obvious to me that I had internal damage and would die. It reassured me of that when I felt a gush of blood run down my legs. Sarah and mother did not seem to agree, as they steered me back to the bed. “You need to push you need to fight for your baby” mother gripped my hand her face set with determination I felt like I was somewhere else; I was neither fully alive nor fully dead. I gave all of my strength to my child. Screams I didn’t know I was making filled the room, then all at once stopped. Replacing my screams were high pitched cries. Mother kissed my forehead “you have a son” He was perfect. Ten tiny fingers and toes set on a tiny body. He looked very like his father from what I could tell so far. Like Dinah however his head was topped with soft blonde hair. I thanked the force for it, he wouldn’t grow up to look exactly like his father even if only because of this. “Han” I greeted my son for the first time, kissing his little forehead His father had dreamed him up. He would never know he existed, yet here he was. The son who he had named for his father and gifted all his own childhood dreams. I no longer had my husband but I had my daughters and now I had my little son. I continued to bleed for three more days, still fearing my own death. When the flow finally stopped it was clear Han would be the last of my children. That would be fine with me, I didn’t intend to have more. I had enough children to hope and fear for as it was. Dinah, Shmi, and Han surely had a grand future ahead of them. I only hoped they would all follow my path and not their father`s. Notes: part three should be starting in the next few days. I think ill add the children's` perspective to that one as well. Chapter 15 : Regarding Part 3 Alright guys I have a few pretty important questions regarding part 3. Would you all prefer I dedicate several chapters at the start of part 3 to childhood stories, or would it be better to have a brief summary of that and then start in at chapter 2 with teenage children and only a few chapters before Ben is plot relevant again?? Also would you all be comfortable with Anakin and Padme dropping out of the story almost entirely, or should they come back in from time to time and try to guide the very confused Ben and Máiri and their children? Also would it be better if I skirted around most other plot points that The Force Awakens left undetermined, like whether Luke will return, or would it be alright for me to just create a version of the future that may not line up with the next movie at all? Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Loving the Enemy series Next Work →