Ben Solo knew three things to be true: He was going on trial for war crimes as Kylo Ren and he was not going to come out of it alive Rey is his, whether she will admit or not, and he will do whatever he can to be what she needs him to be General Hux is alive, gathering forces on the fringes, for an attack on the Core Worlds with a new, deadly weapon, and Ben will be damned if he lets that little moof-milker succeed. Which is how Ben finds himself heading into the bowels of Coruscant to find a ship and a bounty hunter to take him to Outer Rim to prevent Hux from ever drawing another breath again. He doesn’t investigate any of these items too closely. He imagines sooner or later the trial will begin--he visits with his attorney occasionally, let’s Leia take him out for family events, dresses him in greys and blues, calls him Ben, all to convince the general populace that he has changed, that he is a hero. He hates heroes. All of his life he had to hear people praising his father, praising his uncle, worshipping his mother, all with heavy expectation in their eyes and voices that they expected baby Ben Solo to be a hero too, to be someone important. He did become someone important--just of a different bent. More aligned to the Skywalker path, less Solo and Organa stupidity. People were unruly, they needed to be ruled. Only his grandfather had a hint of the true nature of the galaxy--nasty, brutish, and short--and how it could be dealt with--strong hands, contracts, control. Ben’s control was leaking. He was in some undefined area--no longer Master of the Knights of Ren, the dark side still whispering to him--every moment was a deliberate choice not to reach for that power, so easy, within his reach. He really didn’t want to die. He really was a coward--Rey was right. He really had no clue who he was--sliding between Kylo Ren and Ben Solo, a shade of both, some amalgamation of a man that had no purpose. And with a price on his head. He pulls his charcoal colored hood around his face, stuffed his hands in his pockets, keeping his head down, and trying to obscure his features, and aching for his mask more than ever. Ben Solo was an average looking man, with a long face, even longer nose, and ears that stuck out. Han always complained about his ears, always said that they made him too memorable--his excuse for why he stopped taking Ben on runs. He enters the agreed upon cantina, a seedy looking place in the lower levels, the room dim, all the better to hide his face. No one noticed him when he walked in, eyes down, drinks in hand. Ben slides into a booth, across from a tall, attractive woman with long red hair, gray threading throughout. He orders an ale from the bartender and looks at her, can tell she is summing him up to, wonders what her conclusion will be. “You’re nothing like your father,” she says quietly before taking a sip from her drink. “Thanks, Mara. You know I take that as a compliment,” he responds dryly before toasting her. She laughs and throws back her head and he smiles faintly. “How can I help you, Jedi and Sith slayer?” she teases him. Ben briefly thinks that his uncle Luke was a fool to leave her but then again, Luke was a fool in a lot of ways. He thinks that Luke will dig that out of his head in training one day and is amused when he imagines the reaction before freezing--Luke didn’t go digging into people’s heads. Luke wasn’t Snoke. “I need a ship and a crew, people who are willing to be stupid and dangerous. And silent. I can pay well.” “I can provide all those things--except I need to know why I’m risking my crew’s neck for Kylo Ren,” she hisses the last words. “Are you trying to head back to the First Order? Did you get tired of being a lowly nobody, a crappy apartment on the 21st level, a woman who just uses you for a good time?” Her voice is mocking, deadly, and he knows her hand is next to the blaster on her hip. He’s known Mara Jade for a long time. He feels his anger flare, the dark side begging for him to reach out and to show her who is really in charge here but he pushes it away and smiles darkly. Her green eyes search his face and whatever she sees causes her to pull back and ease her hand away from her blaster a fraction. “Whatever happened out there changed you. Ben Solo is dead.” “From your lips to Leia’s ears,” he mumbles and Mara laughs harshly. “Ah, yes, I saw the vid on the news this morning. General Organa--hero of the Resistance--takes reformed Jedi Ben Solo shopping and dining in the upper levels of Coruscant, Luke Skywalker by their side. Was he there for show or to stop you if you decided to strangle all the annoying underlings?” “Now that wouldn’t look very good on the holonet would it, especially with my trial coming up?” He couldn’t help the heavy sarcasm in his voice and Mara gives him a genuine smile, the first one he’s seen in a long time. Leia smiles at him, sure, but it’s always sad and full of regret and he knows she’s living with death--he knows she doesn’t really believe he’ll make it, that he is moment away from returning to the dark side. The only one who really believes in Luke and well--that’s because he always believes the best in people. A bad habit, one that will surely get him killed. “I’m going to Pral. The First Order has set up a command station there and Hux thinks he will unite the forces for a final attack. I’m going to stop it, stop him.” “And why’s that, flyboy?” She is skeptical. He pauses, thinks of what the right answer should be. “It’s the right thing to do?” He is hesitant and she pounces. “You think by killing this Hux you will prove that you are loyal to the Republic and you will win the girl. That’s a really stupid reason.” “No one ever said I was smart.” “On the contrary--Luke used to say you were the brightest student he ever taught and I do remember your test scores from the academy.” Her voice is soft, the pain barely there. Ben wishes he could go and kick Luke in the head for leaving this woman. Impulsively he reaches out and holds her hand. “I’m sorry Mara.” It’s sincere and she knows it. “Well,” she says pulling back and discreetly wiping away a tear. He pretends not to notice. “You’ve got Jade Shadow and me, but I don’t know who else will come along.” “If I only had you, it would be enough,” he says before tossing enough credits on the table to cover their drinks. She shakes her head and smiles. “You are more like your father than you know.” He freezes and it is her turn now to place a hand on his arm. “It’s not an insult.” He nods, unsure of how he feels. “I’ll contact you when we are ready to go. How much time do I have?” “3 standard days should be enough time to finish up my business here.” “I’ll see you then. Try not to get killed,” she calls after him before shouting “Ben wait!” He winces and turns around. Mara is hurrying toward him. “Be careful. You’ve got a price--” “On my head, yeah I know. I will sense them before they attack.” “But it’s not just you--it’s your girl, Rey. Quite large, too. Not the one you sent out, but this one is from the First Order higher ups. Thirty thousand dead or alive, preferably dead.” Ren feels his chest seize up, blind panic crawling through him. The dark side rushes in, offering to give him all the power he needs--he would show bounty hunters never to touch what was his. He feels the urge to rip the tables off the ground, smash them into the walls and pushes it back. He takes a few steadying breaths and noticed Mara was touching him again, willing him to calm down. She was gifted with the Force but left the academy too soon. He bent down and gave her a hug. “Thank you,” he said, feeling Mara watch him leave, a bemused expression on her face. As Ben trudges back to the upper levels, deep in thought, he fails to notice a dark shape trailing him. He takes a lift up to the 18th level and figures he’ll walk the rest of the way. He doesn’t have much else to do. His days consist of training with Luke, visiting with his attorney and being groomed for the camera--endless bios and interviews to sway public opinion--and a lot of aimless drifting, reading this or that, occasionally sitting in with Leia in intelligence meetings to correct and to aid the Republic’s intel. A lot of drinking in bars like the one he just left and nights with Rey, whose body he worshiped and kissed and tried to make love to, to hold, but she just wanted fucking and leaving. He knew it was a punishment but it was hurting her as much as him and he didn’t know how long he could handle her cold shoulder, her refusal to kiss him until he made her come, how he ached for her to join with him as she did once. She had even closed off the Force bond so all he could get were occasional glimpses of her feelings. Once she had slipped and he had to endure her feelings though a kriffin awful date with a man who’d made Sand People look attractive and interesting. She had come to him that night and, just as miserable as her, he had slept with her, made her cry out, tried to revel in it. But nothing touched him anymore. Just the constant dread of being used by Rey until his impending death. No one loved him; they tolerated him. He had been wallowing without a purpose until he received a report that Hux was reviving the plans for the planet toxin and was assembling forces to assault Coruscant. It was a last ditch attempt, it was wild and crazy, and would probably succeed at destroying both Hux and the planet. But Ben was damned if he would let Hux succeed at something. Part of it was their petty rivalry. The other part was that he wanted these people all around him, who pushed past him, paid him no mind, to keep living their lives. They meant something. He once knew what that was like and he would be a monster if he took it away from them. He took enough lives, would have their ghosts haunting him for eternity, and he couldn’t take anymore. Ben stopped in front of a florist and looked at the star like white flowers. He smiled softly and thought of Rey, who loved greenery and plants, starved of them as a child. He had sent her a bouquet or plant every week until he was sure her room was verdant and alive. He imagined a bouquet of green ferns and stalks with the star flowers peeking out and was heading in to order it when he noticed the reflection of a dark clad person watching him. Cautiously he turned away and started window browsing, noticing the figure stealthily following him. Ben tapped into the Force and could feel the malevolence in the figure. He is worth more alive , the figure chants and Ben sighs. Another one. He stops and says loudly: “I know you are there. I’ve caught three of you this week. I would recommend using this time to turn around and go back to your family.” “Jedi scummmmmmmm,” the figure hisses before whipping out a gun and firing a stun bolt. Ben throws out his hand and stops the bolt in mid air. Pedestrians scream, jump back, and scurry for cover. The bounty hunter fires twice more and Ben stops all of them. He imagines the bolts fizzing to nothing and sure enough they do. He hears the pedestrians gasping in amazement, hears someone mutter that must be Luke Skywalker and rolls his eyes. “Last chance, bounty hunter,” Ben says. He drops one hand to his hip where his blaster rests comfortably. He snaps open the lock and keeps his eyes on the bounty hunter who seems uncertain of what to do next. Ben senses he is weak-minded, attacks at the opening. “You will turn around and forget about this bounty,” he says, loading his voice with the Force. The bounty hunter blinks slowly, his face growing soporific as he stupidly repeats what Ben said before turning around and walking away. Inwardly, Ben sighs in relief. One less death on his soul. Some of the bystanders are clapping in wonderment; one young woman comes up and offers to show him some gratitude later; another slides his comm number into Ben's pocket before he manages to extricate himself and get back to the florist to order Rey's surprise. Chapter 2 Summary: Ben receives several unexpected visitors in his apt. In this chapter we meet 2 of them. Sorta. Maybe. Notes: Sorry for the delay. I have the most awful flu. No energy to write but I can enjoy re-reading my Mara Jade books. Here is a short little chapter. To be clear if I'm not--Kylo Ren worshiped the Sith but he himself was not a Sith. This is stated pretty clearly in the visual dictionary. So it's reasonable to assume he would have access to their texts. Thanks for reading! After a dull afternoon of endless errands, Ben stops by his apartment before another interminable evening in intelligence meetings. He bends over his terminal, using back channels to set up a counter offer on Rey’s head, this time for 50,000, alive. He uses one of his several false identities to set up the offer, coding it in Huttese and setting the signal to originate from Tattooine. Let bounty hunters think it was the Hutts. Easier to let people come up with their own conclusions. Ben grits his teeth through the droning of an intelligence officer about First Order attack patterns. They still, clearly, had no clue. He sighs and wonders at what point would it be a good idea to strangle this idiot and take it over or to simply leave. The intelligence officer makes one particularly stupid point about the ship’s ion cannons systems and Ben stands up, clears his throat, and says: “You do know we encode these right? Do you even have the key?” The officer turns red and splutters as Ben walks over and keys in the latest code. The image blurs and new schematics appear with an entirely different set of weaponry. There is a collective gasp and then arguing as the officers turn on themselves. Leia rolls her eyes as Ben saunters out of the room. He’s sure he’ll be lectured about it later. Ben lets the water sluice over him and leans into the wall. His body is aching from a particularly grueling training session. He punishes himself by setting intense and difficult obstacle courses. He is physically strong and his lessons with Luke are going well. Much of what Luke teaches are muscle memory but the dark side lingers. At night he is tormented--Rey dead, at his hand; his mother’s corpse strewn across her desk; Luke staring at him, eyes glassy; the dark side is enveloping him--he’s rolling with the power, it is heady, he’s drunk on it--it tells him without the dark side he is unworthy, he needs to control the Force, don’t be controlled. He wakes up, panicked, and thirsty and has to will himself not to call his mother to see if she is alright, to not flee to Rey’s apartment and gather her to him. He wonders when he will get a good night’s sleep again. Ben leans against the shower wall and focuses on breathing, willing the pain of the memories away. As Ben stumbles out of the ‘fresher, towel around his waist, his senses flare. He is not alone. He looks up and pauses. A Force ghost. In his living room. And it’s not his grandfather. “What the kriff…..”he trails off as he stares at a tall man with brown hair sweeping his shoulders, a leonine face, kindness on his brow. “Ah, Ben Solo. Pardon me for disturbing you. I felt like it was time we met.” His voice is light, forgiving. He smiles kindly at Ben who fumbles for pants and returns to the ‘fresher to get dressed. He hasn’t seen a Force ghost for years , not to mention while naked. He would like to cling to whatever dignity he has left. “Uh, it’s ok,” he says, side eyeing the ghost as he walks into his kitchen to make a cup of tea. He hunts the cabinets for his whiskey. He has no idea who this Force ghost is, who is watching him patiently, his hands folded into his sleeves. He’s dressed like a Jedi of the Old Republic but looks nothing like any that Ben knows--not Obi-Wan, not Anakin, not Ahoska Tano. Ben reflects that he wouldn’t mind meeting her and feels his ears turn red in embarrassment. He hopes he is projecting that particular emotion. “Allow me to introduce myself. I am Qui-Gon Jinn. I was-- “Obi-Wan’s teacher,” Ben breathes and turns to stare at the man. Qui-Gon Jinn. He had read much about him, about how he bucked tradition with the Jedi Council. He had found Ben’s grandfather and rescued him from slavery, sensing Anakin’s connection with the Force, only to be struck down by Darth Maul. Of course what Ben knows is from Snoke’s archives so it’s probably slanted but the texts vibrated with glee over Qui-Gon’s power, how much potential he had. Ben abruptly sits in a chair. This here is a legend. “I sense much confusion in you, Padawan.” “I’m no longer anyone’s Padawan,” he responds automatically. “Ah, but you are seeking answers. It is difficult after one returns from the dark side to stay with the light, to find what your path is. You must become someone’s Padawan again. Like a newborn babe.” Ben sits dumbly. He still can’t believe Qui-Gon Jinn is in his dinky living room. He feels slightly embarrassed, almost longs for the rich trappings of his apartment on Kuat, his rooms on Moraband. “They are just things, Padawan. They mean nothing. Attachment leads you to the dark side.” Qui-Gon comes closer and smiles down on Ben. He sits down next to him at the dining room table. “You attach too much feeling to things in order to feel good about yourself. It’s a poor place from which to learn.” “I am a bad person,” Ben says. Qui-Gon snorts and waves a dismissive hand. “Good people? Bad people? These are only descriptions of choices we make, not who we are. We are carriers of the Force, Ben. Yes, you killed many people. You destroyed your uncle’s Jedi academy. And worse yet, you murdered your own father.” Ben winces at that and looks down at the ground. He doesn’t know if he will ever come to terms with that. Qui-Gon continues:“Of course, Luke shouldn’t have been trying to recreate the Jedi of old. He didn’t listen to Yoda when he told him what we had done wrong. The Council, like yourself, led itself to its demise.” “Anakin destroyed the council.” “Yes but if the Council had acted in tandem with the Force rather than against it, if they hadn’t thought like politicians, Anakin wouldn’t have needed to do so. He could’ve been open with his marriage with Padme. He could’ve confessed to his master about those dreams. They weren’t Force visions, by the way. Darth Sidious--like your Snoke--sent Anakin visions to convert him. Like your grandfather before you, it was love that ultimately led to his downfall. His was love of your grandmother. Yours was of yourself.” “Why are you telling me this?” Sudden, angry. Ben is boiling. He doesn’t need this. He knows what a waste he is. “Someone needs to tell you your life, Ben Solo, before you throw it away. You can make a difference in this galaxy, for the better.” Qui-Gon’s quiet voice is laced with urgency, his eyes locked on Ben’s. “And without the Jedi way. Others have turned away from the dark side and embraced the Force for what it truly was. You can too.” “How? How can I do that?” Ben leans forward, his eyes intent on Qui-Gon’s form. His connection with the Force had been shaky at best lately, almost as if it were reluctant to be one with him again. Ben had taken it as another sign that the universe was rejecting him but here is a Jedi legend offering him a path… “I suggest meditating on the nature of the Force, Ben. You are quite talented at meditating. I think you will find the answers you seek then.” He leans back and smiles. Ben closes his eyes and tries to remember what he knows about the nature of the Force but is drawing blanks. The only things that remain are Sith lore and he is not going there again. He’s seen the darkness and it’s not something he is eager for again. “Another thing, Padawan. Your girl, the Padawan Rey. You need to let her know what you want. Because if you continue on this path, it will destroy you both.” Ben’s ears burn. He’s getting love advice from a ghost--is this what his life has come to? His eyes are heavy with tears and he blinks them away. Qui-Gon is standing again. “It takes a real strength of character to reject the dark side. You are not weak, Ben. You are strong and full of compassion. Let the Force guide you.” He shimmers and fades. Ben slumps in his seat. Today has been almost too eventful after the monotony that was his life. Twice today people had told him that he was good, that he was useful. Just not the people he wanted to hear it from. He shambles into the kitchen, takes off the whistling pot and finds his whiskey. He takes a hit from the bottle, letting the warmth bring him back from shock. He hadn’t seen a Force ghost since Darth Vader and turns out that was a lie spun by Snoke. It only confirmed that he was a nobody, worth nothing, his parent’s mistake, a burden to the galaxy. Yet here was a legend telling him he could have a path, that he had a future. Ben is hesitant-what if this is another lie, this time from a Jedi? A trick to lead him down another wrong path? He lets those thoughts mull in his mind while he tipped some whiskey into his tea and shuffled to his desk. He could research the archives, see if there were other recorded experiences. He boots up a search engine and begins looking for information on Qui-Gon Jinn. A moment later, a knock on the door. Ben senses Rey out there, expectant. He sighs. He isn’t in any shape to handle this. Chapter 3 Summary: Ben gets the last 2 of his unexpected night visitors. Um, somekind of sexy scenes. Notes: Thank you all for reading and commenting! I really appreciate it! I did change the summary of the work to make it tighter and to fit with the overall narrative arc. I exist on Tumblr. I am hauscrashburn. He warily gets up and reluctantly opens the door to see Rey standing outside, the flickering overhead light casting her in a grey gloom. She looks toward him, smiles briefly, and he feels his chest tighten, his breath caught in his throat. He will never get over how stunning she is, even in her dirty mechanic overalls, sweat staining her pits and back, grease on her knees, elbows, embedded into her nails. He has kissed all of the freckles dusting her pert little nose, run his hands through her soft hair, now piled loosely on her head. But it still feels like it's never enough, each time lighting a fire in his heart that grows in ferocity and possessiveness. He knows she sees other men, can tell that she was out drinking with the engineering corps that night, had a man run his knuckles down her face and Ben is livid. His anger floods in and threatens to carry him away. He pulls in long, calming breaths, pushes the desire to find that man and crush his throat. He reminds himself that someone as bewitching, kind, and good as her could never be happy with a monster like himself. He knows he is some sort of consolation prize and he desperately clings to the hope that somehow he can convince her of his reformation, of how well their lives fit together. “Good evening. Would you like a drink?” he greets her as she strides into the room. He offers every time; each night she refuses. “Shush. No talking,” she commands as she begins methodically stripping out of her coveralls, pulling her hair out until it cascades over her shoulders. Ben feels his chest constrict again. Rey is focused on the mechanics of unbuttoning her suit, her eyes flicking all around the room, but refusing to land on Ben directly. He can feel something like guilt eating away at her and her determination to ignore it. “Kneel,” she orders and he obediently comes forward to drop to his knees in front of her, splaying his hands against her hips. He feels the strength underneath her soft skin and begins to knead her hips, glides his hands down to her thighs. He can sense she is wet already, she is demanding that he start between her legs and as he begins to lay kisses on her hips, slowly rolling down her pants, he remembers Qui-Gon’s words and grows cold. He already knows how this night will end. He will taste her--he can already feel how she will buck her hips against his mouth insistently, how soft she will feel against his tongue, how she will try to strangle her little gasps, how he will feel stripped off all pleasure, denied her kisses, waiting until she allows him to join with her--but always distant, remote, kissing to shut him up rather than to devour him. She’ll clean up and be out in an hour and he’ll be left alone in dirty sheets, with only his nightmares as comfort. He pulls back. “No.” “Excuse me?” Rey is incredulous. Ben reaches out and touches her mind. She has closed off the Force bond but he can find a way around that to get a general sense of her. He can feel how addicted she has become on her power over him, how she’s used it to hide from any feelings she has for him, how she loathes the sight of him, mournful in bed as she leaves, how she loathes herself for both the desire and for leaving him each night. He thinks Qui-Gon is right; this mixture is a quick slide into the dark side; it will consume them both until there is only overwhelming passion, greed, hatred. Not again. “No, Rey. I want something more.” She recoils from him and quickly slips back into her coveralls, almost embarrassed. Her hands are shaking and he can see she is pulling away from herself as much as him. “I told you no.” Her voice is strained, thick with some emotion he can’t name. He reaches again for her mind but she senses him and pushes him out. He takes a step back at the physicality of it and marvels again at her strength. “But why? Why haven’t I done enough to be good in your eyes? I just saved the damn Resistance’s fleet today by fixing their intel on ship design! I haven’t killed anyone in months!” “And you expected to be thanked for that?!?” Her reply is sharp, her breath caught in her throat. He swears he hears tears behind it and lays a hand on her shoulder. She jerks away and focuses on buttoning. He sees in her mind the image of Kylo Ren running his saber through Han Solo on repeat. He grits his teeth and clenches his fist. He doesn’t believe he will ever surmount that particular problem so he tries another tactic. “No, but I would like you to begin to acknowledge that I am changing.” He keeps his voice low, soft, persistent. Anger hums below the surface, waiting to pounce. He pulls in a calming breath.“I just want to kriffin’ take you on a date, out to dinner, be somewhere other than here with you. I want more than sex, Rey.” She laughs harshly and for the first time he sees the lines that cynicism has carved around her eyes, between her brows. He wonders if that is also his fault. “I’ve been on dates with you, Ben Solo, when you held me captive and when you invaded my mind. They aren’t that memorable,” she snaps. Ben takes a step back, surprised by her pettiness. He senses her defenses are down and touches for her mind again and is sucked into a maelstrom of fear, anger, hurt, love. “Rey, we need to talk with Luke about this. You are getting awfully close to the dark side,” he begins before she laughs hysterically. “You’re going to lecture me about the dark side? Really?” Ben opens his mouth to respond to tell her that out of the people in the room, there is no one better to tell her how close she was flirting to it when there is a loud knock on the door. “What the hell?” he mutters. A moment later the door whooshes open and he whirls to see Mara Jade leaning against the entrance, a bottle of ale in her hand, his passcode dangling in her hand. “I’m sorry, am I disturbing something?” she asks, her voice honey smooth. Ben belatedly remembers he only has pants on and he catches her eyes widening slightly at his arm and back. He is a scar covered mess. “Who’s this?” Rey demands. He instantly picks up on her flare of jealousy and perks up. Where there is jealousy there is hope, right? Right. He turns to her to see her glaring at Mara. “Just a friend stopping by for a nightcap,” Mara is dripping intimacy into the word friend as she saunters into the room and Ben can see her game in her rolling hip and suggestive smile. Rey’s eyes widen and she shoots glances back and forth between them rapidly. Ben gives Mara a warning look and she smiles brightly at him. “I’m off,” Rey mutters before heading out. She seems to be exhausted. Ben tries to grab for her arm. “Rey--wait!” before she shrugs out of it and is gone. He sighs and feels the tension in the room leave with her. “Great, that just went fantastically great.” “I think so. A little jealousy will help her. She’s been dating. Why don’t you?” Mara challenges as she looks through his cabinets. “Ok first off--how did you get a key here? Secondly, how do you know she’s dating? Third--what the kriff are you doing here?” Ben is almost shouting by the end of it. He feels his control skidding away. Too much in one night. There it is--the dark side, maybe his only true companion--sitting just behind his eyes, lurking, waiting. It gathers, ready to pounce. He’s too focused on trying to find some semblance of balance to notice Mara come up and hug him, using the Force to aid him. He is filled with her cool steadiness and he closes his eyes in relief. “You need to find your balance again, Ben. If you can’t handle two women arguing over you, how do you expect to handle Hux and the First Order?” she is deliberately dodging his other questions, speaking in a low voice, the top of her head tickling Ben’s nose. “This feels like a suicide mission.” “I’m going to die anyways, Aunt Mara. Let me at least have the dignity of choosing how I go.” He mumbles into her hair and she pulls him in tighter and he tastes her dismay, her surety that he is right, that this trial is a mockery, that he will end up a martyr. She finally pulls back and he smiles weakly down at her. Mara could be sarcastic, a little cruel, but always honest and comforting. The fact that she hasn’t protested his death calms him. At least someone admits what is in store for him. She tilts her head toward the ale, orders him to get some glasses, and invites him to share a drink with her. He complies, moving automatically, while mentally storing away what happened this night for review during meditation. He wonders if he should tell anyone about Qui-Gon and if Mara is the right person, or perhaps Luke. No, not Luke. He wouldn’t understand. “Back to my original question--why are you here?”Ben sits heavily at the dining room table and watches Mara expertly pour the ale, getting the right amount of foam to sit on top. It is cold, faintly bitter, and citrusy. One of his favorites and belatedly he realizes he ordered it this afternoon when he met Mara. He can’t even remember what she drank and he curses inwardly. Poor observation skills are a quick path to a sudden death. Mara is talking.: “A couple reasons. I’m trying to actually help you with Rey, believe it or not--” “I think, whatever intentions you had, you basically ruined my chances with her.” He cuts her off and glowers at her. “If she’s not willing to fight for you, then what are you worth to her? Don’t sell yourself short, Ben. Everyone else does. Why give them the pleasure?” she demands, gesturing at him with her stein. “Secondly, we need to plan our trip to Pral. It’s not going to be quite so easy as you put it this afternoon. And I don’t think you can pay to replace my ship.” Ben shudders. He knows what happens to people who destroy Mara’s beloved ships. “Probably not,” He agrees and gets up to get his datapad with information about Pral and the First Order movements in the neighboring sectors. As he walks back, he figures out the sleight of hand she pulled today and chuckles under his breath. “That wasn’t my passkey. You used the Force to open the door and pass off something else as mine.” “Clever boy,” she responds sourly. She always did enjoy having the upper hand. “What happened to you?” She comes around from the dining room table to trace the scars knotting his arms, criss crossing his back and chest, dipping below his waistband. She sucks in her breath as she examines the scar crossing his face. “Stars, Ben. What did they do to you?” she is whispering, her voice pained. Ben doesn’t deny that she has the right to be angry and hurt for him. Mara was worth too much to the Skywalker clan to be treated as just his uncle’s ex. He jerks at her touch and pulls on the shirt he grabbed with the datapad, for his protection and her own. He drops the datapad near her drink. He keeps his voice matter of fact. “The dark side requires sacrifice, Mara. I couldn’t draw power from fear so I needed pain. See I’m such a failure I couldn’t even do the dark side right.” Mara snorts and turns to watch him. He lays a hand on his side. “This one, this particular gift, is from Chewie. He shot me after what happened with, with what happened with…..Han.” He couldn’t remember what to call Han Solo anymore. The words were stuck in his throat so he picks up his glass and drains his beer. “Why don’t get you get skin grafts? Most of these can be repaired.” “I would but my attorney wants to use them during trial. Drum up sympathy.” Mara sighs loudly and he nods. They both know how easily people can be swayed and a scarred young man living in fear of a monster like Snoke would keep the noose from his neck--maybe. “Let’s get down to business, shall we?” Ben says, gesturing toward his small dining room table. “It’s been a long day and I don’t have much energy left.” Mara grab datapad and begins pulling up questionnaires and maps. She looks up with a wicked gleam in her eye. “Only an hour hmmm? I guess it’s good I came along so you didn’t disappoint Rey.” Ben’s jaw drops open and his face burns while his former aunt laughs loudly. They spend the hour going over optimal routes, supplies, and crew needs before she finally lets him crash gratefully into his bed. And for the first time, in a long time, he sleeps without dreams. Chapter 4 Summary: “Unexpressed emotions will never die. They are buried alive and will come forth later in uglier ways.” The Ben Solo angst tour continues as Ben works to repair relations with his family. Notes: Thank you for all your comments and for reading! I am grateful to all of you. Probably the Force is not meant for what I have Ben use it for, but hey, it's my imagination? I've never quite written something like the shower scene below so pointers are helpful. I hope you all enjoy. Ben tells Luke of the First Order bounty on Rey’s head the next day. Luke’s eyebrows draw close in concern and he stares hard at Ben for a moment or two. He is sure Luke knows that he and Rey are sleeping together but is vaguely disapproving. However, in the typical Luke Skywalker way, he doesn’t say anything; he alludes . Ben finds the ignoring him routine all too easy to slip back into, much to both of their disappointment. “Where did you learn this from? Our intelligence channels have indicated nothing,” Leia asks, taking a sip of tea. It’s morning and the Organa-Skywalker-Solo clan, or whatever it was, were having breakfast together under pain of intense complaining by Leia. She wanted a semblance of a regular family event, he imagines--or she just likes his cooking. He slides a vegetable omelette on a platter and hands it to her. She inhales deeply and smiles at him. “You are a much better cook than anyone else. Don’t know who that comes from,” she says, spearing a piece with her fork. Ben sighs. “Some things actually come from working hard, not just genetics.” He sounds sullen again, he knows it, but why the Forces did everything have to be a gift from some great ancestor? He resists rolling his eyes before slamming his plate down on the table and shoveling food in his mouth, ravenous this morning after last night’s shenanigans. Nothing drove Leia Organa crazier than seeing her well cultured son behaving like a nerf herder. “I got it from Mara Jade,” he mumbles a moment later and looks up to see Luke’s stricken face. Some part of him takes a dark pleasure in Luke’s pain--and he takes that feeling, boxes it up, hides it away, pretends it never happened. He’s a good guy now, he’s embracing the light, no more pain. Maybe if he repeats it enough, it will become truth. One day, he’ll actually believe the lies he tells himself, that his family tells him, although maybe not before the noose is around his neck. “How….when….” Luke clears his throat and tries again. Leia looks mildly surprised but is mostly focused on her intelligence reports. Ben is struck with a clear memory of him as a child, trying to tell her about a world he made up, her vague nodding, too engrossed in state business to give him more than an absentminded pat on the head and usher him back into the room. Anger flares and again, he is fighting it back. “I ran into her on the lower levels. She was waiting for a contact and we got to chatting. We never parted on bad terms,” he reminds his uncle. “Probably because you didn’t kill her when you took everyone else’s lives at the academy.” Silence descends on the table. Leia looks up and watches them both, slightly tense in her seat. Luke is breathing hard, his eyes wide at what he just said. Ben expects to feel anger, regret--and instead he feels nothing. “I didn’t kill your students, Skywalker. Snoke ordered the attack. All I did was take some of your students who were, let’s say, more than slightly interested in the dark side.” “Snoke couldn’t get the location without your help!” Luke retorts, his eyes flashing. Ben snarls. “He already had the location, uncle. Who do you think was in my head the entire time?!” Luke draws back and Leia puts a calming hand on her brother. “What do you mean in your head?” Leia asks. “Was Snoke talking to you all the time? When did it start?” Ben is silent, trying to push his temper away. It was dangerously close to the surface, the anger burning along his skin, itching to break something. His voice cracks as he responds: “I had his voice in my ever since I could remember, mom. He was always there.” Leia shoots Luke a look loaded with significance and Ben surmises that his mom had guessed at that a while a go. She was always good at fitting together pieces but her timing was sometimes off. If she had only been there sooner…. “He’s gone, Ben. And we are here for you..” She is firm and Luke gives a reluctant nod, getting up to leave the tension on the table on an excuse to get more caf. Leia folds her arms around Ben and leans her head against his. Ben relaxes into it; he had been aching for his mother for so long and she had been trying so hard. For the first time, he feels her really embrace him. Some mystery has been cleared and it’s as if she feels she has permission to love him again. He is both saddened and relieved. But time was a precious commodity and he can no longer waste it at breakfast. He has revenge to plan. He inwardly smirked as he devised a few plans for that soulless creep. He stood up and made his excuses. He had to prepare for his trip. “Just keep an eye on Rey, please. I know she’s more than capable but it would mean alot to me if you kept her safe,” he turns his pleading eyes to his mother who nods once, understanding what he is not saying. He gives her an awkward hug and as he leaves, he hears her say to Luke: “I must have that attorney work with his face. Did you see that attempt at regret? He’ll be executed for sure.” Ben makes his way to the quarters where he knows Rey lives. He fervently hopes to run into her, to explain who Mara is, explain what he is doing. His secret desire is for her to throw everything aside and to join him, to help him take down Hux, to maybe turn a suicide mission into something with a glimmer of success. But he walks past her door, pausing only slightly, to go to the joint quarters a few doors down. He believes the ambassador will be home but doesn’t relax fully until he feels the presence behind the doors--an awareness that Ben is coming down the hallway. He smiles grimly and rings the buzzer. He doesn’t expect the ambassador to actually answer knowing who is out there and is surprised to find himself relieved to see Finn staring at him, wariness and confusion coming off him in waves. “Aren’t you at the wrong door? She’s down that way.” Finn points to Rey’s door. Ben shrugs and takes in Finn’s junior ambassadorial robes. Leia discovered once Finn awoke from his coma that he was Force sensitive, but nowhere near Rey. His talents, like Leia’s, lie more in persuasion and empathy. He claims to choose the path because having been in war, he wants to fight for peace. Privately, Ben believes Finn’s pacifism is why he was a terrible stormtrooper and why Phasma wiped his mind every other month. “I’m here for you actually.” He tries to stay pleasant, neutral. So far, in the last 6 months, he and Finn have gotten into almost a dozen fist fights, with about an even score. Ben puts his hands in the air to reassure him that he is not looking for a fight. Finn watches him carefully. “I’m not going to let you in.” He folds his arms across his chest.. He nods at Ben and Ben lets his arms drop. A small truce is declared. “I don’t expect you to.” Ben takes a deep steadying breath and can feel Finn’s suspicion grow. “Look, I came to officially apologize. I’m sorry for Starkiller, for um, well you know,” he gestures towards Finn, sees his eyebrows go up, surprise on his features. And something like anger. “If this is part of your redemption tour, then I’m not a part of it. Write this stop off.” He moves his hand to close the door and Ben freezes it using the Force. Finn smirks. “You’ll never give up that power, Kylo.” “My name’s Ben now.” “No, your alias is Ben now. You are neither Ben Solo nor Kylo Ren.” Finn retorts. Ben can see why Leia tapped into him for the diplomatic corps. He has all the makings of a senate leader one day--smart, capable, firm. Far too insightful for this conversation to continue. Ben tries flattery. “You’re right. I’m sorry for you disturbing you.” Ben fumbles around in his belt for something before handing a datachip to Finn. “This has all of the information on you and your bio family that I was able to take before I was purged from the First Order’s system. It has accurate information up to ten years ago. I imagine as an ambassador you can figure out the rest.” Finn’s eyes widened, dart between the chip in Ben’s hand and Ben’s face, looking for an answers. Finn reluctantly takes the chip and cradles it his palm. Ben can feel wonderment, excitement, and trepidation in the young man until resolution settles in. Yes, Finn will be an excellent ambassador. His emotions flickered beneath the surface; without the Force, Ben wouldn’t see the turmoil he was experiencing. “Thank you. I…..I wouldn’t expect this from you. But this doesn’t make us even.” Ben stands back, straightens, his arms at his side. “I don’t imagine anything would.” He turns to go and hears Finn sigh. “She loves the plants and flowers.” “What?” Ben turns, hopefully. He sees Finn staring at the ceiling, eyes closed, shaking his head as if he regretted what he just said. “I don’t know why I’m telling you this but let’s keep this transactional. Quid pro quo. She loves the flowers. She struggles to keep them alive but her room is practically a jungle. She……..” he pauses, waits. Ben’s heart is racing. Finn sighs. “She cares for you Ben, but you hurt her bad. You really fucked up. She struggles with trusting you. Give her time.” He holds up the data chip. “Do you want to know if this works out?” Ben, trying to keep his heart from leaping in his chest, gives a curt nod and backs away, a smile splitting his face. Finn laughs. “Get out of here before I call security,” he adds and Ben is as light as a feather. She cares about him. She’s struggling. He can build trust--right? He can do it. He grinds to a halt. Last night. Mara. If that didn’t ruin the trust between them, he doesn’t know what will. He has to correct it. Tonight. Ben struggles vainly to get ahold of Rey but fails. She is not with Luke. She is not in the mechanics bay. He closes his eyes, reaches out to find her signature in the Force but either she has closed off their bond tighter than before or she is cloaking herself. Frustrated he pounds his fist on the wall and sees bypassers jump back. Ben sighs and tucks himself into a corner. If he can’t find her, then this will only fester. He reaches out for Luke and is shortly told she is fine and that Ben should spend less time worrying about another one of Luke’s students and worry more about his lack of balance with the Force. Resigned, Ben returns to his apartment and smarting from Luke’s words, remembering Qui-Gon’s, resolves to spend the afternoon in meditation. Ben has always been able to easily sink into hours long trances and he does so again. He directs his mind toward the nature of the Force, imagining it flowing through him, penetrating him, as part of him. His sense of self begins to blur, he is dissipating into the Force and he loses the differences between himself and the insect picking at leftover food, the flower wilting in his kitchen, the stream of people outside on the walkways. He moves along with them, reveling in the mix of emotions, the joy, the sadness, the lived in experience of every life he encounters. He sees himself as the brother of the worm, the sister of the birds flying overhead, the stars are singing on his skin and he is being inexorably pulled to another mind in Courscant. And in that moment, Ben is in Rey’s mind. He struggles to hide his delight, to mask himself from her. Rarely can he see in her mind anymore, so closed off is she. She is in the shower, scrubbing at the dirt embedded in her skin. He can feel the hot water on his skin, humid and thick, and can feel her mind tumbling back toward prior nights together, longing for him. He feels her hand slide down her body to cup her breast, to tweak a nipple as she tilts her head back and sighs. Ben’s chest tightens and he feels his body begin to hum with her. Her hand is moving south, her mind replacing her fingers with his, imagining him bending her over on a mattress, lovingly cupping her ass before squeezing it, thrusting her legs apart. Ben’s breath quickens and he is straining against his pants. He doesn’t want to leave her mind, is terrified of what happens if she discovers him there. He’s thrusting himself inside of her now, gripping her hips hard and she is grinding against him. He’s thrilled with this fantasy, overwhelmed with the feel of her hand against her cunt, warm and wet, sliding around her clit, rubbing it, cursing him for not being there, she is panting. She is moving her hips against her hands, leaning back against the shower. Frustrated, Ben pulls himself out of his sweats and begins to pump himself. She is imagining him moving faster, hard, filling her up, the fire is growing deeply in her belly and he can feel the pull in her breasts, the ache to be touched and he is moving his hips frantically, his breath rasping in his throat. Rey finally senses him in her mind and rather than panic, reaches out to drag him into her. Cautiously he opens himself to her, letting her feel his pleasure, how hard he is as he is gripping himself to the rhythm of her bucking hips. In response she continues match his pace and they are moaning together, overwhelmed, reveling in each other’s growing bliss as they move closer. She is silk, so wet against her frantic nimble fingers, and he is straining not to leap out of the apartment to run to her, flit his tongue over her dusky nipples, roll them in his mouth; he feels the same fear in her and they are gasping and for a few moments are lost in the reflected joy until Rey crashes, clenching, he can feel her tightening around him and he follows a moment later. His breathing is ragged and hers is too. Tenderly he reaches out and uses the Force to create the impression of a kiss on her shoulder. She sighs and smiles tentatively. He can feel her legs shaking and she is using what strength she has to stay upright. I love you, Rey, he thinks at her as he gets up to clean himself. She is quiet at his words and he can feel her thinking hard. I, I don’t know if I can love you, Ben, she responds and he stops, his heart freezing. Never did he imagine her to be uncertain about how she felt about him; he always assumed that sooner or later she would stop struggling and recognize their obvious connection. He struggles to maintain his composure and focuses on the task on hand. We don’t even want the same things, she’s continuing. I want marriage, a family, stability. You are just floating. You have to remind yourself all the time to make the good decision because cruelty comes so easily to you. I’ve changed, Rey. I don’t know how else to prove it to you. Yes, but I wanted you to change because you wanted to, not because of me. She is sad, forlorn, aching for a lost opportunity. For the first time, Ben is struck with her sense that she wasn’t quite as aware of what was going on during his renouncing of the dark side as she thought. Is that why you think I turned away from the dark side? he asked, trying to keep the incredulity out of his mind. He is somewhat successful and she is watching him, alert. She has known his lies; her first instinct is to distrust what he says until evidence bears him out. So he says nothing. He opens his mind to her, encouraging her to mine his memories of his time with Snoke, the First Order, how he forged the Knights of Ren from the remnants of the Jedi Academy, through his will alone, how his will couldn’t keep him safe from Snoke’s sadistic tendencies, his own students turning on him, until his body bore only the physical reminders of his failures--his heart was just as deformed, broken, shattered until all he knew was self-loathing. Rey withdraws, repulsed, pity flooding their connection. He feels her slowly pull away and gently close off the connection. He tries to send her love, comfort, kindness before it ends to soothe her mind and she responds back, asking for some time to think. Then he is left alone in his mind and he sinks down on to the toilet, head in his hands. He hopes he did the right thing; Rey is seeking answers and he would give her all he could. Ben crawls into bed, pulls the sheets tight around him, and hopes sleep will claim him quickly, that he is blessed with another dreamless night. Chapter 5 Summary: In which a lovely evening is ruined. Notes: Thank you all for your wonderful comments and kudos! I apologize for the delay in updating. Seriously the worst flu/ear infection/not quite death ever. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He is enmeshed in the Force, the lines between himself and the greater universe blurring so that there is no demarcation. Ben Solo is gone, there is only power. Ben’s eyebrow quirks at that thought, so close to the dark side, the power skimming along his skin. It was hungry, it wanted his consent, and he knew that the Force would come so easily to him, that he could let go of his tightly controlled fury and fear--anger that his life was held in the hands of imbeciles, how easily he could crush them, if they only knew--they were meant to be ruled. They had no right to decide the fight of individuals like Kylo Ren. He had no peers, he was beyond them, he was brimming with power and the anxiety to crush something. Ben blows his breath out, draws in a calming one and pushes the anger out from him, reaching for the strands of calm, wrapped them around him. He is split in half, he doesn’t know which path to follow. He narrows his mind’s eye, focuses on Qui-Gon’s quiet words of encouragement and allows Ben Solo settle into his skin once more. Kylo Ren was dead. There was only this man, this Ben Solo, enveloping himself in the Force, seeking the light, seeking liberation from this ennui. But this Force was not the same as the one he knew on the Jedi temple. Ben furrowed his brow and concentrated, reaching out, opening himself. He was ready; he’d been ready for this moment since the day he discovered Snoke’s treachery. As a child, he had felt one with the Force and now he longed to rediscover that center. He needed to know the true nature of the Force. Snoke had promised him that knowledge and more--a freedom from his fears and pain--Darth Vader had appeared and promised him the same--all part of Snoke’s cleverly designed plan to ensnare Ben from the time he was four years old and could ask his mother why she feared him as he floated at her eye level. Nothing was forbidden to him as a child until he was shipped off to Luke and had to learn there were lines he was not allowed to cross. Vader promised him freedom from those lines. Snoke failed to deliver, trapping Ben into the body of Kylo Ren, a man fueled by anger and fear, boiling beneath the surface. Snoke promised--once you reach the power of Vader, you will understand all. Ben had failed to reach the peak. And then he had driven his lightsaber into what remained of Snoke’s rotting heart and was struggling along the path, seeking to find his balance again, seeking to understand what was given to him in flashes. As he meditated, he began to see that the Force had no lines; men drew them to prevent themselves from taking all the could--the power was so tempting and Ben found himself hungering for it again. The Force was in balance; he had to find his in order for him to be in tune with the Force. It all hung together on his shoulders and he was clawing his way toward, toward the freedom he desperately sought. Ben’s breathing became ragged and he forced himself to slow down, to extricate himself from his body, when his comm begins to beep insistently. He hit ignore and it begins to beep again. Ben growls and opens his comm to look at the mesasage. Marked urgent from Leia Organa: “An evening gathering of food, family, and fun,” it chirps cheerfully. He swears. He doesn’t have the time for a lighthearted evening of fun. Translation: Luke, Leia, and probably Chewie all staring at him sadly as if he were some sort of beast and probably Rey as well, confusion on her breathtaking features--either that or fury since he hadn’t been able to correct any ideas she had about Mara. He thinks this is the least likely definition of fun he’s encountered in a while. And the last time he thinks he had fun was when Rey was punching him in the face just before they started grinding on each other like two gundarks in heat. Another beep, another comm from Leia. This means you, Ben. Bring a date if you must. Always cramping my style, always preventing me from doing my work, he fumed. So much to do before he leaves tomorrow with Mara. He heaves a sigh and cues up a list of florists and wine shops--Ben Solo, the son of ex-Chief of State Leia Organa, always knew never to arrive without gifts for the hostess. Some training never dies. Ben stalks into the living room, glaring at Luke and Leia before handing off the wine to a droid. He’s dressed in black pants tucked into black boots with a slate grey tunic and gunmetal scarf--his eye was toward variety tonight. He dumps the scarf on a table and turns to see Luke and Leia staring at him. “What? I’m here aren’t I?” he demands. Leia sighs, disappointment flashing in her eyes, and heads back into the processor to check on the food. Ben notices that there are ten table settings and wonders who else is coming. “Why the blaster, Ben? A good Jedi never needs more than his lightsaber,” Luke says coming up to him to place a friendly hand on his shoulder. Jerking aside and heading toward the balcony Ben tosses back: “I guess it’s a good thing I’m not a Jedi.” He heard his uncle inhale at that and his mother curse. He actually winced at the words coming out of her mouth--he sometimes forgot that she had fought in wars longer than she had been a diplomat. He tapped his blaster was strapped to his right hip, his lightsaber to his left. After the attack yesterday, he was taking no chances. “Don’t say those things in front of Navki when he arrives,” she warns and begins setting the table. Ben sighs and looks at the bright and glittering world of Coruscant, the skies scarlet and azure, the only stars here the lights of the entertainment district. It never changed, he thought sadly. As a young man, it had been a place of wonder until he had been grounded into the chief of state’s apartments-permanently--as a result of too many kidnappings. Although not too many tried after Ben had thrown one kidnapper so hard into a wall that they had take away the wall to remove him. That got him shipped to Luke quickly. Ben sighs and tries to clear his mind. “Coruscant nights seem busier than the days,” Luke offers quietly, coming up behind him, with two glasses of whiskey in his hands. Surprised, Ben takes it from him. “A toast--to new beginnings?” Shrugging, Ben tosses back the whiskey and grimaces as it barrels toward his belly, hot and sour. He slouches down, his elbows on the railing. “So, Ben. When are you going to share with me that you are a making a new lightsaber?” Luke’s voice is soft without a trace of reproach. Ben quickly sneaks a look to see his uncle regarding him thoughtfully, his face open. “I wasn’t going to say anything until I got it right. I’ve been having issues with the lightsaber meditation.” “Because you aren’t balanced.” “Because I’m not balanced,” Ben agrees and takes another sip of whiskey. A pleasant warmth begins to buzz in his mind. “Is some of your balance due to Rey? Because her balance has been off too.” Ben shoots Luke a sharp look, his ears burning. He certainly didn’t feel comfortable talking about Rey with a Jedi Master of all people. But everyone the past couple of days seemed to have some sort of opinion on it. Inwardly, Ben grimaced. If Uncle Luke had something to say, then Leia would too. He hoped he was gone before that particular conversation came out. He remembered her tutting over some official’s or another’s grandchildren the other day and frowns. “I think that’s between Rey and me,” Ben hazards but Luke isn’t even looking at him. He’s staring at the sky, at the ships flying overhead, his eyes dreamy. “You both have so much power, so much fear. I never knew that they could be so inextricably tied together. And when you tricked Rey--made her fall for you twice--you hit a nerve, Ben. She rarely trusted people and she trusted you twice. You know what they say--fool me once?” “I don’t think sneaking to see me at night is avoiding me.” “The Jedi of old used to have concubines. No attachment. Safer,” Luke remarked and Ben burned. He hated to think of himself as just as an object to pass the time. “You were attached once,” he shoots back. The best defenses is always a good offense, he reasons. Luke huffs. “Yes and we all know how well that ended, don’t we, Ben? Do you really want to be split apart from Rey?” “I don’t know what I want!” he grinds out, gripping the whiskey glass so hard it cracks. He drops it and backpedals, worried that his control his leaking. Luke has turned to watch him. Ben turns his face away. He doesn’t want to hear the judgment. “Maybe it’s better for you and Rey to take some time apart. Your Force bond can make it tricky to sort out who is thinking what. Even with walls, you can leak emotions into one another. She’s straying from the path. Some time apart, I think, in meditation will be best for you both.” “You can’t send me away. I’m stuck here until I’m executed.” “Exactly. So I’m sending Rey away.” He gazes at Ben coolly and Ben seethes. He opens his mouth to argue when he freezes--he feels an unwelcome presence, a malevolence regarding them. He closes his eyes, touches the Force, allows himself to fall back into it. “Mom, down!” he shouts as he flings power toward the door. An explosion rocks the floor and Ben throws a hand out to stop the sharpnel from piercing Leia. He sees she has ducked behind the breakfast bar, blaster drawn. “Company calling!” Luke calls, pulling out his lightsaber. Ben looks up to see half a dozen men, blasters aimed and starting to fire on them, descending from the roof. Reflexively he reaches up and breaks all of their wrists, an old habit ingrained. They fall from the ropes, some plummeting below, two landing on the balcony and dispatched quickly by Luke. Ben turns his attention to the men pouring through the doors, firing at Leia, rushing toward him and Luke. He pulls out his blaster and ducks into the corner, firing, relying on the Force to direct his shots. Red streaks blast holes in the walls, the furniture. He sees Leia peeking around the bar, taking down shooters with deadly precision. Ben wonders for a moment who would dare attack the famous senator in her chambers before reaching out and crushing the blasters of the remaining men. He flips a couch over onto a crouched shooter and hears a crack as the head hits the floor. Luke dashes into the dining room, his lightsaber making short work of the blaster bolts. It lasted only a few moments but the bodies strewn around the apartment testify to the deadly nature of the Jedi. Ben bends down to check out the uniform, runs his hands through the pockets of the bodies. He sees Luke doing the same, hears Leia on the comm requesting police presence as well as a coroner . “Who is it?” she demands as she stalks over to Ben. “First Order,” Ben replies simply. No insignia but the formation and the clear ways they attacked smacked of First Order training. “They know I’m giving you information and they want me silenced.” “So, we have spies.” Ben nods. His mother was always good at getting straight to the point. Her no-nonsense attitude often drove Han crazy but Ben always admired how easy it made things; you always knew how you stood with Leia Organa. “Sorry your party is ruined, Mom,” Ben says, raising and wiping his hands on his pants. He sees his uncle standing, his eyes closed. His mom gazes around the room sadly. “So much waste,” she mutters, full of sadness and disgust. “May they find peaceful sleep,” comes a clear voice across the room. Ben turns to see Mara enter the room, edging around the bodies. “I see I always miss the fun with your Skywalker boys.” Luke’s eyes jerk open and he shoots Ben an angry glance. “Looks like the First Order found me,” Ben offers. Mara nods and joins him and Leia, hands on her hips as she surveys the damage. Leia shakes Mara’s hand, smiles at her warmly. Leia was cool to Luke's flared temper. “I suspected as much. No one would think to go after Luke with this little firepower,” Mara remarks simply. The tension grows in the room. Luke is ignoring Mara and she in return. Leia raises her eyebrows at Ben, a little smile on her lips, before going out to greet the coroner and explain the situation. “Well, there goes Mom’s party,” he sighs. “Nope. She has another level she can host it on,” Luke replies. “You really think one small squad could stop her?” Mara laughs and Luke’s eyes brighten. Ben studies them, watching how they carefully inspect one another, careful not to notice each other looking, how Mara tossed her hair back a bit more to give a better view of her long neck. He shakes his head slightly. “Get a room you two,” he mutters before going to help the droids bring dinner upstairs. Notes: Literally had no idea that I was so obsessed with gundarks. Chapter 6 Summary: In which a dinner comes together, despite all of the dead bodies around. Notes: Two chapters in one night to make up for my lack of updates. This chapter here finishes up our Coruscant time and its off, off to smash Hux in the face--huzzah? Maybe? Thank you for all your kind comments and kudos. I am deeply gratefully to all of you taking your time here in Ben Solo Angst R Us. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben and the droids move the dinner upstairs fairly quickly. His mother comes in to rearrange some flowers. She flits in and out of the smaller room, adding little touches to brighten the space. Eventually Ben is asked to give a statement to the police. He wonders how this will affect his trial, tries not to notice the way the other security officers edge away from him. As he travels back upstairs, he hears his mother’s laughter and enters to see Chewie in the foyer. Ben swallows, hard. He’d been more or less avoiding Chewbacca, pretty convinced that he would lose both his arms the next time he saw him. His gaze is locked on Chewie that he misses anything else until a fist connects directly to his jaw. Stumbling back, Ben raises his hand but is too slow to stop another first from hitting him in the face and he flops onto the couch, grabbing his nose. He looks up to see Lando Calrissian glaring at him. “You’re lucky that’s all you get,” he growls and Chewie begins to laugh. Ben flushes red and scrambles to stand up. Luke moves between the two, Mara’s face alight with mirth. “Hey Lando, I think he’s been through enough. He’s atoning for this all now.” “There’s not enough he could do to atone for Han. And he won’t have enough time because he’ll be dead soon,” Lando spat. Ben slowly edges away from them, keeping an eye on both Lando and Chewie. The Wookie seemed content to drink his beer and laugh at them all. Mara touches him on the shoulder and he eases behind her. “That’s hardly a compliment on my skills,” came the slick and confident voice of Navki. Ben groans. Great. Just when it couldn’t get worse. His attorney strolls in the room, dressed in the finest and shiniest fabrics, a paragon of fashion, his hair dyed some fiery color. “I’ve got it through a reliable source that we may be looking at exile, not death. Hello Leia,” he bends and gives her a peck on the cheek, taking the proffered glass of wine and toasting her. Too smooth, Ben thought. Way too smooth. How come I can never be that polished? A few minutes later, they were all having drinks and Ben could smell the traditional Alderaan food arriving from the kitchens. He is still agog at how composed his mother is given how they were fighting for their lives not even an hour ago. Luke and Lando were engaged in a deep conversation, Leia was chatting with Mara, Poe and Finn were flirting outrageously, with Rey watching, a bemused expression on her face. From the corner, Ben watches her surreptitiously, drinking her in, his jaw still aching from Lando’s fist. Like a vision, she is clad in a summer weight burnt umber dress, tan leggings underneath and what he guessed were borrowed white stones on her collarbone. Stars, she still took his breath away and he knew she would every day of his short life. “Let’s eat,” Leia called and ushers them all to the tables. Ben is seated between Leia and Luke and across from Rey and Finn. Mara takes a seat at the other end of the table, next to Navki, flirting with him the entire time. Ben catches Luke’s embarrassment, a small twinge of jealousy in the Force. Ben smirks; if he can sense it, then Mara could too. His uncle was giving her too much ammunition. Finn, Poe, and Rey are pointedly ignoring Ben, all engrossed in some sort of conversation about another cohort, a Jessika. Leia chimes in occasionally. Ben sighs and commits himself to being left out all dinner when a rapid tapping at the end of the table quiets all of the voices. Mara stands, her wineglass in hand. “A toast! To the Organa-Skywalker-Solo clan. For all they’ve endured for this galaxy and all they’ve yet to endure.May peace and prosperity find you.” Ben raises his glass to the toast and watches everyone drink deeply. He noticed Navki’s eyes were glued to Mara and he could see his brain working furiously. He touches his attorney’s mind, feels the lust flowing underneath an intense desire to connect the familiar face with some information about her. Navki turns toward him, narrows his eyes and shakes his head, almost imperceptibly. Ben withdraws, his eyes wide that his attorney could feel that slightly probing. Dinner touched on a variety of topics. Mara dominated the conversation, flirting with all the men, laughing, complimenting Rey, Ben sweating throughout. Rey’s eyes darted between the two and Ben can see the gears working furiously in her head. She was projecting strongly through the bond.. He smiled at her, all friendship, as if last night never happened. She frowns and Finn glares at him, placing a possessive hand on Rey’s arm. Rey gently pulls her arm away, turning back to watch Mara weave a tale of her adventures with Talon Karrade, a famous smuggler. Rey greatly admired Talon and was drinking in every word, checking occasionally to see how Ben was reacting to Mara. He forced his face to stay neutral and knew he was filing. Drinks started to hit everyone’s system and Leia said slurringly, “I don’t understand what drove you to the dark side, Ben, and I never will. What could you have possibly be angry about?” Lando nods in agreement and Luke stills. Ben inhales sharply and opens his mouth to rebutt his mom but Mara beats it to him. “I seem to remember stumbling upon a young boy waiting outside council chambers for hours, foregoing dinner, because his mother asked him to wait and not leave until she got out, often after dark. And a father who never gave up his freelance cargo shipping. It’s not just anger that leads to the dark side, Leia. It’s fear,” Mara’s voice is quiet, studying her wine glass as she spoke. Leia drew back as if she had been struck. Ben notices Rey’s eyes widen and he feels the pity surge in him. The food becomes lead in his stomach and he pushes back the nausea. He could never handle pity. “Are you saying I was a bad mother?” Leia demands. “No, I’m saying you were a distracted one. It’s very difficult to have a child, a failing marriage and be chief of state. Han didn’t help” she holds up a hand at Chewie’s roar. “I loved him too, Chewbacca, but let’s be honest here. We are all responsible for Ben’s turn to the dark side. He’s learning to accept that he must atone for his actions. We can’t just put all the blame on him.” “It was Snoke,” Luke says quietly. “He appeared as Anakin, tapped into Ben, fed him lies from the time he was a toddler.” “Yes but a garden cannot grow in fallow ground. We made Ben feel less important than whatever else was happening in our lives. I remember coming here one night and discovering he’d been left alone with Threepio. For three days. He was eight. That’s plenty of fear for him to tap into.” Mara dismisses his arguments. She turns her shrewd gaze to Ben. “For what it’s worth, I’m sorry. Whatever happened between me and Luke shouldn’t have affected you.” Ben feels tears gathering behind his eyes, feels his hands shake. He swallows and says thickly: “Thank you, Mara. But it was my decision to continue to be Snoke’s student. It was my decision to believe what he told me. You can say I didn’t know any better but at some point, I did. And I’m sorry for all of that.” He is looking at Chewie the entire time he is speaking, letting his sorrow fill his eyes. Chewie nods once and Ben chokes back a sob. He knows he’s been forgiven. “What’s going on between you two?” Lando’s voice is soft, probing. “Yes, who are you?” Navki asks, all smiles. Mara smiles back. Ben flinches and he feels Luke do so next to him. Mara always smiles like that when she’s about to pounce on prey. “I’m his ex-aunt. I run a freelance cargo company.” “Freelance cargo company,hmm? So you’re a smuggler.” He hmphs and shakes his head. “No, good. You’d make an excellent character witness but we can’t use this background.” “She’s also a Jedi. She trained at my academy,” Luke adds. Navki pauses to think about that, rubbing his jaw. “You are an independent business woman, often forced to use unconventional methods, driven underground by the First Order and your Force abilities. You can testify for him--that is, if you want?” He was casual, offhand. For the first time in weeks, Ben felt himself relax, observing the way everyone listened to Navki intently. He might not die. He could live with exile--preferable, even. “Of course,” Mara murmurs. Navki stands up, shakes hands and makes his excuses, saying he must flee before someone says something that he can’t unhear. Quiet falls on the room once more, the only sounds the scraping of forks on the plates, drinks clinking as they are placed back on the table. “It’s not that I didn’t love you or want you, Ben.” Leia begins. Her eyes glittered with tears. “It’s just I didn’t know how….how to do it. You were immensely talented. And there was just so much at stake. People’s memories are so short. They were praising the Emperor before the last statue even fell,” she stops as Ben lays his hand on her forearm, reaching up to wipe away her tears. “It’s over, Mom. I’ve made peace with it. Now you can, too.” He stares into her eyes and touches her mind, letting her see the peace he has found. His fears come from elsewhere now and he is moving in the right directions to quell them. She hiccups and wipes away her tears, pulling back her emotional armor. “What are you doing with Mara?” Lando asks. He comes over to begin rubbing Leia’s shoulders and Ben frowns. He checks with Chewie and sees he has no issues with Lando all over Leia and he shrugs. If Chewie is ok with it, he is too. “I’m going after Hux in the Outer Rim. He’s building another Starkiller like weapon and will bring it here to use it. It shoots missiles into a planet’s core, destabilizing the crust, causing upheaval. It also releases a deadly toxin in the environment, killing all biological life. Simulations had shown it could cause implosions but they hadn’t advanced that far by the time I left. My informant says they are close and that Hux is planning a strike on the Core worlds.” Everyone gasps at this, Poe stands up and argues for assembling the Resistance, Finn yelling at Ben for keeping this a secret. Mara and Ben sit in silence, absorbing their wrath until finally Leia shuts them all down. “Your plan is to dismantle this weapon? By yourself?” “I’ll have some inside help but it’s easier on my own.” “Who is your help?” Rey demands. Ben narrows his eyes at him, shakes his head. “Who is it, Ben?” Luke says quietly. Ben turns to look at him fully before he answers: “Kyp Durron, Uncle.” Luke’s eyes widen and he turns ashen. He thought Kyp had died at the academy. “He turned to the dark side with me. He was so much closer than I even was by the time of the academy strike. He could never get over the Resistance’s killing of his family.” “There are always casualties in war, Ben.” Leia says. Ben snorts. “It’s easy to say but convincing an orphan that your soldiers gunned down his mother, his father, his brother for being in the wrong place at the wrong time? Good luck.” Luke is in shock. Kyp was one of Luke’s most talented students. “He’s turning to the Light, Uncle. Part of my mission is to rescue him from the Knights of Ren.” “You are going on trial--you just can’t leave!” Rey chimes in, incredulous. “And you might not come back alive!” “That’s a risk I’m willing to take. The First Order cannot finish developing this weapon. Hux needs to stop playing emperor and pay the piper for his crimes.” He looks at his mom. “He pulled the trigger on Hosnian system. I tried to convince Snoke it was a bad idea but I failed. Hux thinks he was born to rule the galaxy and won’t let these setbacks get in his way. Now that Snoke and I are gone, he has set himself up as Supreme Leader and has no brakes. He sees death as something to glorify in, not lives to respect.” “Phasma will stop him.” Finn is confident. Ben had heard that Phasma was good with her troopers, treated them well, tried to engender camaraderie between them. He also knew she was terrifying as a rancor on a hunt. “Phasma is gone. She’s left the First Order. She was took all the new cadets and defected, no one knows where.” “She abandoned her troops? No way. No matter what you can say about her, she wouldn’t abandon those loyal to her.” Finn is insistent and Ben re-considers. He knows Finn had served directly under Phasma. “Perhaps she is running a covert mission then. But Hux has a bounty on her head, my head, and Rey’s right now. He’s invading planets to take all of their foods, precious metals, jewels, and slaves in order to keep the engines of the First Order running. I’m going to stop it.” “I’ll go with you,” the pilot, Poe, says. “We all will.” “No.” Ben and Mara say at the same time. “It’s too dangerous. I can get in and out in my small ship. I will look like just some other smuggler in the wild spaces.” “This is a secret mission, bantha fodder, not an invasion. If I fail, Mara will alert you and give you all the information necessary and you can plow in and hope Hux doesn’t vaporize you on sight.” Ben glares at all of them, forcing them to feel his weight. Leia looks at him with cautious hope and pride on her face. Luke’s eyes are closed; he is meditating. Finn and Poe begin to argue in hushed tones and Rey is staring at him, a mixture of love and fury and fear. “More to the point, Rey is right,” Leia remarks. “Your trial is set to start. You can’t just go jetting off to play space cowboy.” “Mom,” Ben starts patiently but is interrupted by Rey. “He’s the only one who can do it, Leia. Ben is right. If we go in, it could encourage the entire First Order to attack. Billions could die. Even Ben doesn’t even know these weapons capabilities.” Ben isn’t sure how to respond. He senses Rey’s pride in his willingness to go forth but he knows that this is a suicide mission. He wonders if she does. “You have spies to find,” Mara joins in. “Tonight’s attack just shows how easily the First Order can infiltrate Coruscant. Look amongst your senators--can you really trust them?” Leia sighs and sags into her seat. Lando nods, begins to talk with Luke about how to tighten security, reviewing who likely suspects might be. “I’ll stay here with Leia. Tendra is on Varn but we can bring her here as well. Make it seem as if we are looking for more business contracts,” Lando offers. Chewie grunts, offers to review security around Leia’s apartments. Luke’s eyes are closed, lost in the Force. “And if I fail, Mara has the information the Resistance will need to fight the First Order,” Ben says softly to his mother. She stares at him, weary and mournful. “I just got you back, Ben,” she whispers. He hugs her tight. “It’s the right thing to do, Mom,” he replies and for once he actually means it. He pulls back to see her beaming at him and to feel Rey glaring at him. They both turn their heads to look at the scavenger. “And what about me?” she demands. “What about you? You need to finish your training. Maybe you could focus on getting a degree or something.” Rey gasps almost insulted. Mara and Luke are nodding. “This is true, Rey,” Luke interjects. “You are quite brilliant but you rely frequently on the Force. A Jedi uses the Force for defenses and knowledge only but should rely more on wits and experience first. An over-reliance on the Force can get you in trouble--as you already know.” Rey’s eyes narrows and she lifts her chin slightly. “Too much pride in you, Padawan,” Ben says. “Were you my apprentice, I would’ve beaten that out of you months ago. You are lax, uncle.” “Beaten?” she asks enraged. Ben wiggles his eyebrows at her suggestively and leans across the table. “Lightsaber training,” Luke explains curtly, pulling Ben back. “But I beat you!” Rey growls. “Once! And I was injured. You haven’t beaten me since.” “We haven’t tried since!” “Tomorrow morning, you, me, training mats, training swords.” Ben grinds out. “I thought you were leaving tomorrow,” Luke says. Mara waves her hand grandly. “We’ve got time. I run the schedule here.” “Done,” Rey sticks out her hand and they shake on it grimly. Luke chuckles and leans back. “I definitely won’t miss this.” Mara tips her glass at Ben and smiles. Notes: Tendra Calrissian Kyp Durron Man I used to have such a thing for Kyp. Chapter 7 Summary: In which Ben and Rey spar and Mara and Luke get closer. And the adventure toward Pral begins. Notes: I made some changes by getting rid of chapter titles. Thank you to all who read and who comment. You make my day!! Also, I literally know nothing about lightsaber fencing but I was a saber fencer back in the day so I just basically channeled my coach for Ben here. Rey was a tough fighter but she relied too much on the Force to aid in her movements and less on her training. Forms should be muscle memory after almost two years of working with Luke. Ben is surprised as he is able to drive her back. Her brute strength and staff training help her block most of his thrusts but she keeps her legs wide open, feet sliding underneath her. Like Luke before her, Rey relied on Soresu, a defensive form. Against Ben’s aggressiveness and his years of training, Rey was sweating profusely and swearing as Ben drove her against a wall. “Close those legs! I can drive a sailbarge through them! No, block up, closer to the middle so your blade doesn’t slide off--good! No, no, no not like that!:” He parries her overhead thrust and with a twirl of his wrist, knocks her blade out of her hand. “This is an elegant weapon, not a tool for hammering away at someone. Don’t let me take the offense all the time!” he yells at her, closing down his blade. He calls her saber to his hand. Luke and Mara are watching from the side. The fight had gone on for twenty minutes; privately, Ben would admit there were a few moments where Rey could’ve gotten the best of him and he was mostly saved by quick footwork. “You need to work on your forms-not just Soresu. They must be muscle memory so you can put your attention elsewhere--merging with the Force, staying focused and attentive to your surroundings. You rely too much on using the Force to channel your blade rather than the other way around. The Force is your ally--it is not a crutch,” he reproofs her, his voice lower. Rey is hunched over, drawing long breaths in. “This is not how Luke teaches me.” “No, because Luke is a Jedi. I’m not,” Ben tosses her a towel to wipe down and bring over some water. Rey gratefully gulps her down. He can see her analyzing the fight in her mind, looking for weaknesses. He sees her eyes light up when she discovers how close she was to beating him. “Re-match?” she offers, curving her lips into a wicked smile. Ben chuckles. “When I return,” he replies. “If you return,” she says softly. Rey stares at him--he would almost say that she looked sad. He reached out and brushed a knuckle against her cheek. She reaches up to hold his hand against her face. “Please be careful.” He nods, overwhelmed by the tenderness in her eyes. He swallows the lump in his throat before turning away to watch Mara and Like stroll over. “Cutting it close there, Solo” Mara says, grinning broadly. “Looks like you could use some practice. He was once the best student at Luke’s academy. No one could beat him--well, I think maybe Kyp or Luke.” Ben flushes and mumbles something about not standing his own stink and headed toward the showers. Luke stops him, a hand on his shoulder. “You should think about teaching, Ben. I’m better with the more practical applications with the Force but that was an excellent sparring session. You could--and did--do so well with younger students,” his voice gentle and Ben sees hope in Luke’s eyes. “And be proud. I am. You had plenty of opportunity to use the dark side and you didn’t. You are much stronger than you know.” “Uncle Luke,” Ben starts then sighs. His heart is swelling. It is as if all around him people have been showering him with kindness, acceptance. It is time for him to move on also. “I just want to be clear on something--I didn’t leave because of you. I--” “I know,” Luke cuts him off. He offers Ben serenity and Ben is confident in the knowledge that Luke knows and is working to forgive. There is a path to peace, if only Ben would be open too. He decides to take the leap, pulls Luke off to the side. He sees Mara chatting with Rey, examining her lightsaber. Rey is relaxed around her, listening carefully. “Listen, Uncle. I had a Force ghost visit me two nights ago.” “Snoke?” Luke is intent, his eyes searching Ben’s face. “No, Qui-Gon Jinn, Obi-Wan’s teacher.” Luke is silent and Ben knows he is remembering what he has on Qui-Gon. There is not much out there in terms of actual Jedi knowledge but many myths and legends from people Qui-Gon saved or destroyed. “He took a different path; he was considered a grey Jedi,” Luke murmurs. He looks at Ben. “If it is indeed Qui-Gon, then follow his advice. It seems as if the Force is seeking you out to guide you again. Trust your instincts, Ben.” “But I trusted them once and they led me to Snoke.” He couldn’t stop his voice cracking with fear. “You were younger then. You know the dark side now. My mistake was that I tried to shield you from it, thinking that if I never talked about, never taught you about it, it wouldn’t be a risk. I was foolish and we all paid the price. And before you ask, this is exactly what I will be saying at your trial. When you return.” He hugs Ben intently, draws back to look up at him. “Don’t make this a last ditch effort, Ben. You have so much to give and we have so much to learn from you.” Ben blinks back tears and nods, not trusting his voice. “I hate to interrupt your male bonding, but we got a ship to catch,” she calls as she jogs up to them. “I thought you ran the ship’s schedule,” Ben replied. “I do and I’m saying we gotta go. Why do you Skywalkers always insist on making something easy difficult?” Mara is rolling her eyes. “Ben, I need a moment with Mara.” Luke isn’t even looking at him; his eyes are fastened on Mara, the lines tight on his face. Ben hesitates, looks between them. Mara nods. “I’ll catch you at the ship, Solo. Shower first though, ok?I don’t want you stinking up my baby.” Ben nods and as he turns to head out, his uncle grips his arm. “Ben, may the Force be with you.” He smiles and is gone, hearing the low murmur of voices. He hopes, perhaps, if Luke can reconcile with him, that he can heal the rift between himself and Mara. It’s been too long and those two were clearly meant for each other. Or so Ben thought but based on how his relationships were going, maybe he wasn’t as good as predicting people as he thought. Rey is waiting for him outside of the showers. Her face is downcast and Ben’s heart speeds up. He wants nothing more than to take her in his arms, hold her close, protect her. He stops in front of her and for a moment they say nothing. At last, Rey reaches up, pulls him down and kisses him fiercely. He responds, yanking her to him, his mouth covering her, nibbling at her lower lip, thrusting his tongue into her mouth. She moans softly and threads her fingers through his hair. After a moment, she pulls back and he runs a thumb over her swollen lip, cherishing the dazed look in her eyes. “Be careful, Ben. Come back to me,” she says. He can feel her desire to be asked along, to join him on this adventure. “I can’t, Rey. Hux knows too much about you. If he finds you, he can use you. And I don’t think I stop myself from going back to save you,” his voice is husky, her eyes are glittering with tears and he begins kissing her gently again. She sighs against his mouth and he is gone. His hands wander down to her hips, massaging at her back, and he wonders if he could take her onto the shower with him until he feels a sharp slap on his ass. “Hey! Solo--I told you to get cleaned up.” He jerks back. “Mara!” He is outraged, embarrassed. Rey pulls back laughing. “My schedule. Should’ve gotten your groove on last night, flyboy. We got a galaxy to save. She’ll keep," Mara gestures toward Rey who is gasping, the tears in her eyes turned from regret to joy. Ben shakes his head and flipping Mara a rude gesture, heads into the showers. He hears Mara say to Rey: “You gotta keep these Skywalkers in line, Rey. Don’t let them emote all over the place. Otherwise it’s work, work, work.” Jade Shadow is a sleek space yacht, fast and responsive to Mara’s capable hands. Ben was surprised to see Chewbacca aboard but all he growled was that he had unfinished business and wasn’t he the best at destroying First Order bases? After all, who pulled the trigger at Starkiller? Ben had surmised it was Chewie but he just nods, takes the rough rub on his head and was glad of the company. “She’s the fastest ship in the galaxy,” Mara boasts as she takes them out of Coruscant, Ben in the navigator’s seat behind her. The transparisteel canopy over head gives a clear image of the Coruscant blue-grey into the void as Ben punches in coordinates for their first stop. Chewie barks his disagreement with her. “Ok, well, yes, you and Han did try to get her up, so next to the Falcon.” “Dad helped you with this ship?” Ben asks, puzzled. He had no idea that Mara and Han had kept up relations after Jedi academy and then shrugged, figuring if Han had continued to smuggle, eventually he would have run into Mara Jade and Talon Karrade. Hux had tried to court Karrade, to encourage him to enter trade relations with the First Order but Karrade had gracefully bowed out, citing his refusal to do business with any government. Hux had ordered Karrade’s ship to be destroyed but the wily smuggler had disappeared, leaving a gift in the docking bay that kept the repairmen busy for a few weeks. “He worked on improving the hyperdrive, added a few little items like jammers, sensor decoys--you know all the fun toys we get to play with. You should think about joining with me and Karrade. We could use someone of your talents.” Mara’s offer is offhand but Ben pauses. He remembers runs with his dad; it’s an easier commitment than teaching Jedi; and it could keep him away from the Core worlds. He says nothing though only nods and watches as the stars bleed into hyperspace. The days pass quietly. Ben works with Mara to improve her lightsaber skills although they are impressive enough already. He is still wary around Chewie who seems to be in the same headspace. They try to hold a conversation but it sinks into sadness quickly and Chewie heads off to examine another part of the ship and Ben returns to meditation, trying to determine the nature of the Force. He is sitting in the co-pilot’s seat, staring at the blue mottle of hyperspace, winding a piece of twine around his finger. He remembers Rey’s last embrace, wonders if he will see her again. Whatever happens in Pral would decide his fate: if he failed, he would most likely die and death did not disturb him--it had been his companion for so many years; if he succeeded, he could refuse to return to Coruscant, be tried in absentia, work for Karrade. Or he could return, be tried, and face death or exile. Death is an easy answer. He wouldn’t have to decide what he wants to do next. Because whatever happens after Pral will lay the path for his future. And where Rey stood in all that was murky to him at best. Mara’s cutting words-- “You can’t possess people, Ben”--echoes in his mind. Rey was his; he felt the way her body called to him; the way he responded; how much he wanted to please her, bring her happiness. But he struggled. Marriage and children were not something he ever planned; Rey made it clear that she wanted to make a family. And he had no idea if she discussed this with Luke and how it rubbed against Skywalker’s old fashioned and thoroughly outdated Jedi ideals. He broods until Mara yells at him to stop filling the ship with his sourness and get in the engine to help her. It’s into the third day when he notices his comm is blinking. “Oh kriff!” he shouts as he reads the message. He dashes into the cockpit. “Mara, we need to make a stop in Tatooine.” She looks up from her pilot seat, her brows raised. “I put a bounty on Rey’s head and someone’s calling to collect it. Says they have her alive at Mos Eisley.” “I’d get proof, find out who it is first,” she says grimly as she pulls the ship out of hyperspace and begins plugging in new coordinates. “That’s not exactly close to where we are heading. It’ll take us time to get there, not to mention fuel we don’t have.” “Can we stop somewhere?” Panic is creeping in, threatening to overwhelm him. For one moment, Ben regrets abandoning the dark side--no one would challenge Kylo Ren. He shakes it off, focuses on Mara, who is pursing her lips with thought. “Reach out to your hunter, say change of plans, Ord Ibanna, and offer a little incentive for meeting him there. If they are sincere they will take it. Meanwhile, I’ll reach out to Luke and see why he let his latest student be stupid enough to get caught.” Chewie barks at her, reminding her Han was caught. “Yes but it’s not like the galaxy is crawling with Boba Fetts and Cad Banes anymore. The New Republic hasn’t exactly been kind to them,” she retorts. Ben is sending a coded comm to the bounty hunter, frantic with worry, his fingers fumbling with the controls. He forced himself to find his center, to push through the anxiety and wait. Chapter 8 Summary: In which Mara and Ben walk into a trap And how they escape Notes: Thank you so much for all of your love and support! I am truly honored by how much you are enjoying this story. JandJSalmon called this one! Five million gold stars! I am almost caught up here with my writing so there will probably be a few days hiatus. Ord Ibanna’s landing stations shine brightly as Mara gently docks her ship. The gas giant’s cloud cities were in the process of being rehabilitated after being destroyed by the Empire and the activity meant it was an easy gathering spot for smugglers. Lots of black market trade on a world rebuilding. Ben noticed the tightened security as they entered customs and figured they were worried with the First Order encroaching on the space. Each day Kyp reported they were taking more and more sectors. Soon they would have the Core surrounded and Hux would strike. His anxiety spiked and he forced to himself to breathe slower, to relax his tense shoulders as he checked the holster at his hip. “Your uncle said it was a lot like Mos Eisley on Tatooine,” Mara offered. “But I haven’t been here in a long while. Chewie will wait and guard the ship. Whoever this guy is can’t possibly be a match for two Jedi.” “Careful, Mara. Confidence leads to mistakes,” Ben warns as he stalks off toward the meeting place, some dive located at the edges of the city. He has a hood pulled tightly over his head in hopes to hide his features. The city is in disarray; he can hear contractors working in back rooms, swearing, drills drowning out other traffic. No one pays them any attention as they hurry between construction sites. The cantina is in a corner, surrounded by empty buildings. Ben feels the dark windows are watching his every move and reaches out with the Force to sense any lifeforms. Outside of the construction workers and the general pleasure hum in the cantina, they are alone. It is a run down ramshackle sort of place, dim and inviting. Only one way in. Mara tenses up and Ben rolls his shoulder. It feels like an ambush. They stroll into the cantina, taking in the variety of species bent over drinks, playing sabaac, arguing. It was a lot quieter than he expected as he circles around the bar, keeping his eye out for a bounty hunter in a brown mask. He couldn’t identify the species from the comm, just a short and heavily dressed in brown robes. He seemed to speak with a vocador and Ben couldn’t identify the species. He had been surprised that this thing could overtake Rey. He had always relied on her strength to keep her safe. He spies the bounty hunter sitting at a table in the corner. Rey was nowhere in sight. He feels Mara recognize the hunter too and slide into a booth nearby where she had eyes on him and was in shooting range. She waves the bartender over for a drink. Casually, he thumbs open the holster at his side and climbs into the booth across from the hunter. “You’re late,” the hunter remarks through a metallic vocator, distorting its voice. Ben can’t tell if it’s a man or a woman and reaches out with the Force to feel a clinical and detached presence. He imagines that’s probably the norm for most bounty hunters--most he encountered, anyways. “A little tricky to get through customs,” he replies dryly. “Ah yes with the infamous Kylo Ren aboard,” the hunter all but purrs and Ben holds up a couple of credit cards, the value numbers quite clear. “I’ve got your money here. Where’s the girl?” he demands. The hunter grabs for the cards and Ben raises his hand above his head. Times like this, his height was a blessing. “Not without the girl. I need proof.” The hunter sighs and for a moment is still before she reaching and pulls off the mask. Ben gasps and Rey laughs at him. “Got ya. Did you really think you could protect me by putting a bounty on my head?” Ben is still staring at her shocked, her brown hair a halo around her. She is smoothing it down, looking up at a smiling Mara who has joined them. “Good trick, kid. You owe her, Ben. Pay up and let’s get out of here.” She is eyeing the door, caution on her features. Ben feels it too--some sort of general malice. “Did you really think I would let you go without me?” Rey asks. “You need all the help you can get.” Ben growls at her as he slides out of the booth. “Thanks for the vote of confidence,” he tosses at her as he hurries behind Mara. “Quiet you two. Trouble is coming,” Mara orders. Ben follows her out of the cantina and there they were. Cocky bastards, out in the open, blasters at the ready. First Order stormtroopers. And they were trapped in a corner. Kriff. “Stop, drop your weapons,” states the robotic distant voice of the Stormtrooper. He feels Rey’s hesitation; Finn was once one of these men. He doesn’t want to kill them either; he secretly sets his blaster to stun, nudges Mara to do the same. She shoots him a disgusted glance and shakes her head, pointing briefly north. On the roof was a sniper, aimed right at them. Betting that Ben Solo would be reformed enough to not take out the stormtroopers, giving him an easy shot. He snorts, feels the Force flow through him, and sends his mind crawling along the sniper’s nervous system. Mara is bantering with the troopers, betting that she can take the whole squad. Probably could too he thinks distantly as he envisions shutting down the sniper’s nerves. The sniper begins to shake--his limbs flail in all directions and his gun clatters to the ground. He clenches, trying to stop the convulsions and Ben fires a few more nerve clusters. He can’t help the dark chuckle that spills out of his mouth. He was a killer; this is what he was good at. The trooper collapses on the roof, too exhausted to help, unable to control the twitching of his limbs. “Support’s down boys,” he chimes in. The troopers step back, startled. “You might want to re-think your exit strategy..” “Fire!” the captain commands in response and Ben’s rips the blaster from the holster. He ducks into an alcove, firing at the troopers. Two go down from his and Mara’s shots and he sees Rey dart out, a lightsaber in her hand. He watches in amazement as she slams down the one trooper, the staff at his knees, swiping up to knock the trooper in the head. “She’s drawing attention with that blade!” Mara hisses. Ben shrugs and shoots down a trooper coming up behind Rey who lashes out at the troopers, blocking their blaster shots. He continues to lay down cover fire. Against three Force sensitives and their enhanced senses, this would’ve been a massacre. His impulse to make sure they are dead is pushed away by Rey’s insistence that he show leniency. In a moment, it is over. “Quick! Reinforcements are on their way!” Mara shouts as she tears off toward the ship. Ben pulls out his comm and orders Chewie to get the engines started. Another quick getaway, Chewie grumbles. He and Rey scramble after Mara into the docking bay, Jade Shadow at the ready. He turns to fire at the stormtroopers fast at their heels. Rey blocks shots as she backs up toward the ship. Ben pushes her up the ramp, Mara scrambling into the pilot’s seat in the front. He turns his blaster to kill and fires at the door lock, cutting off the stormtroopers from the hanger. He shoots the other two running up and dashes inside, slapping the airlock shut. “How’d they find us?!” he shouts at Mara as he runs to the laser cannons to fire them up. He sees Rey rush into the cockpit. “They didn’t follow me!” Mara snarls. “They must have followed your girlfriend!” Ben slips on the comlink and runs the scanners. “I came by a private shuttle, not Republic ship!” Rey is shouting back. He can hear switch flipping in the background. “Jade Shadow, stand down and return to customs,” the cool voice of the port officer comes over the open comm channel. “Kriff this!” Mara growls and flips on the jamming sensors. Ah, there was Han’s touch, Ben thinks and spots the first TIE fighters. “Three TIEs at my 2 o clock,” he reports, aiming the canons at them. “There’s an Imperial class star destroyer in orbit!” Chewbacca roars. “It’s going to be staffed by droids,” Ben grunts as he fires the ion cannons. Dead on, the first TIE explodes. “Shields up!” he orders as the other two come swooping down, raining fire on the small ship. He hears Mara swear again and the shields go up in time. “Where are the security forces?!”he demands as he fires back on the TIEs. Mara throws the ship into a barrel roll and Ben focuses on reaching out to find the TIEs, no longer relying on the targeting computer. The Shadow hits atmo and they are in the relative freedom of space. Mara takes advantage of it by turning her ship to slide between ion cannons shooting at them. Another swarm of TIE fighters come out of the ship, bearing down on them. Ben grits his teeth and begins firing rapidly, using the Force to guide his shots. By Mara’s skillful maneuvering, he can tell she’s using to guide her through the minefield. “Watch out!” he hears Rey shout and an explosion rocks the ship. “What was that?” Ben cries. “Proton torpedo! Are they insane?!” Mara responds. Chewie is grunting in the background, taking over the concussion missile launcher. Jade Shadow packed a heavy punch for a yacht. “No but we are!” comes a jubilant voice over the comm. Ben looks up to see an X-wing flying overhead, firing at the TIEs, taking two ships out in one go. “That’s some flying,” Ben murmurs,surprised. “It’s Poe!” Rey cries enthusiastically. “And we’ve got a New Republic cruiser coming out of hyperspace!” “Yeah, short stuff. You think I’d let you out of sight for too long?” Poe responds. “Blue Three watch your starboard side! We got more bogeys coming in!” The New Republic ship begins firing on the Star Destroyer and Ben focuses on his cannons, taking down TIEs, providing cover fire for the X wings. The battle is quickly turning in the Republic’s favor and Mara calls Ben up to the cockpit. “Get the coordinates of our next stop in,” she barks. Ben squeezes past Rey and his fingers fly over the keyboard. “We need to stay and fight,” Rey argues, her cheeks glowing with passion. “Are you with us or against us, Rey?” he asks, his voice low. “They can’t come with us.” “Why not?” She is insistent, pleading for the Republic’s help. He turns to seethe at her. “Because if Hux knows we’re coming, he could release the weapon onto the Core. This is supposed to be a stealth mission.” Rey says nothing, worrying her bottom lip. “Time to decide, short stuff. I’m ready to jump for hyperspace,” Mara snaps. Rey leaps for the comm and sends a message to the Republic. “Thanks, Poe, see you soon!” She nods at Ben and Mara pulls the lever and they are in the safety of hyperspace. Chapter 9 Summary: In which Ben learns his fate. Notes: Thank you all for your patience and for reading the story. I have been unsatisfied with it but I have to drive it to the end or Ben will drive me crazy. I know how it will end, it's just moving everyone there logically. I am deeply grateful for all of you who are reading, commenting (I love you all), and enjoying the story. I am grateful I can bring a little bit of light into everyone's life. Although with this, replace light with angst, maybe. Jade Shadow’s crew are silent, the cockpit filled with the sound of their ragged breathing. Chewie grunts softly and begins running a status check to determine how damaged the ship is. Rey is scanning the navicomputer. Mara is sitting quietly but Ben can feel the rage bubbling up inside of here. “You two, meeting with me, now, ” she growls and storms out. Ben tenses, squares his shoulders , and, ducking through the cockpit, follows her through the ship. Rey trots behind him, fighting back guilt. Ben closes off the Force bond. He prefers getting Rey in a series of impressions. She’s running klaxons in his mind right now and it’s driving him crazy. “Listen, I don’t know exactly what is between you two, but you nearly killed us and probably killed some good people out there!” her voice pitches at the end. “We are at war; if you two could keep your hormones in line, we would probably be able to take down the First Order and then you two can get married, have kids, frolic in Naboo, I don’t care. ” Ben hangs his head, ashamed. He should’ve been clearer with Rey, been more forceful when he told her to stay. A laugh burbles out of his chest--imagine telling Rey what to do? He is shaking, he can’t stop laughing. “What’s so funny?” Mara is glowering at him. “Rey,” he gasps. “She’s like you. No one can tell either of you what to do.” He sits down at the table. He knows he’s hysterical at this point but he can’t stop. “Remind me to send Uncle Luke an apology memo. I know now where he got all of his greys.” Mara fumes at him before she breaks down laughing. Rey is watching them both and takes a step back. As if insanity were catching, Ben idly thought through his mirth. After a moment, they fall quiet. “You’re right. I’m sorry; I didn’t think the Republic would follow me,” Rey begins, her voice soft. Ben can see how the thought of the deaths are haunting her--could it have been someone she knew, shared drinks with, laughed with as Ben laughed with Mara? “Ben is still so vulnerable to the dark side that I figured having me here would help him stay close to the light. And three Jedi are better than one. We can get more done.” “I’m not a Jedi,” Ben and Mara speak up at the same time. Rey stares at them, incredulous. Ben is surprised to hear Mara agree with him. “But Master Skywalker--he said--” “I trained as a Jedi,” Mara says smoothly. “But I never finished. I didn’t care for the code. I didn’t care for the hubris. Imagine being in love and being told you can never act on it, that you can never care for someone. That attachment is a sin. It’s a terrible idea.” “What do you mean?” Rey is puzzled. Ben suddenly realizes how much Luke has been keeping from her and has to push down the anger threatening to explode along his skin, encouraging him to slash into the terminals and bunks. “Jedi are allowed to form no attachments. So whatever is between you and Ben here? Could never happen. At most, you two can have sex”--Ben’s ears burn and he sees Rey faintly blush--”but you can never be together as a couple. Luke and I tried but he wanted to be a Jedi more than he wanted to be with me.” Ben looks over to see Mara staring at Rey, regret on her features. Her voice softened at the end and he could feel the sadness rolling off of her in waves. Not quite sadness--a longing for what could have been and a resigned acceptance. “I guess Uncle Luke never explained that part,” Ben remarks. Rey shakes her head. “No, he mainly focused on how to use the Force, how to meditate, avoiding the dark side.” “Yeah, he was always big on meditating,” Mara snorted. “You have to remember, Luke was not completely trained, even by the time he met the Emperor.” “And didn’t that just suck,” Mara murmured. Ben can see the skin tightening around her eyes; her memories as the Emperor’s Hand rising to the surface again. He places a comforting hand on her arm and nods; the past will never escape them. It will always be as if they must press forward, always fighting against the pull of times past. “He was going off of old texts--in fact, he spent years looking for information. He’s relying too much on the old ways rather than foraging a new path. Darth Vader destroyed the old Jedi council because whatever you believe, the old council was corrupt.” Ben holds up a hand to stop Rey’s protest. “Yes, we can agree his methods were not the best but nonetheless, balance was restored.” “To the Force,” Rey agrees. “And then Master Skywalker completed it with the death of the Emperor and Darth Vader.” “And then he turns around and starts the academy again. As long as there are Jedi, there will be people opposing them,” Ben grinds out. “Why can’t we find the grey? The Force has no lines between dark and light--it’s us. We draw them.” “Now that’s an interesting thought,” Mara ruminates. “Did Snoke say that?” Ben snorts. “No, that’s what I’ve been learning in my meditations,” he replies. He walks over to a terminal and pulls up a screen to to review the ship’s status. “Listen, the Force aside, we need to stop for fuel and to throw the First Order off our trail. I didn’t put Pral in the coordinates. We need to bounce around for a bit.” Mara nods and begins to draw up a list of supplies, consulting a datapad throughout. They seemingly all agreed that the conversation was over--Rey going into the engine to check on an odd sound she heard; Mara organizing her supplies list and checking for ship damage; Ben scanning for First Order communiques. They land a short time later and Mara takes Chewie out to place her fuel order. Ben withdraws to the cockpit, staring out of the canopy, the lights of the city surrounding the spaceport playing on his face. He is lost in thought and he doesn’t hear Rey slip in next to him. He hears her inhale sharply. “It’s so beautiful,” she breathes. He starts. He occasionally forgets she was grounded on Jakku her whole life and was getting a crash course in galactic cartography. “We are on Cerea. Diverted back to the Core to throw the First Order off our scent. Then we’ll head back around to Pral. Should be there in a day or so.” “Seems like it’ll be an easy trick for them to figure out,” she replies. He shrugs, the sound of his leather coat cracking in the small cockpit. “They don’t know what I’m up to. And they were after you. It will take Hux a while to determine what I was doing on Ord Ibanna and then plan from there.” Rey is silent. She leans back in her chair, a thoughtful look on her face. Her eyes are traveling over the stars, the skyscrapers, a small smile playing on her lips. Ben thinks he could be satisfied staring at her face forever. He sighs and stretches out. He feels Rey open up the bond, soothe him with her calmness. He closes his eyes and leans his head back, basking in her scent, her sense of self, her serenity. She leans over and begins to thread her fingers through his hair, her nails lightly scraping his skull. He sucks in his breath, holding back a groan of pleasure. He feels her breath ghosting over his face and he forces himself to keep his eyes closed, relax into her embrace. She had not willingly reached for him before; he would stay still, let her set the pace. He feels the lust humming in her body and responds to it. He wants nothing more than to pull her on his lap and thrust up into her, see her long neck tip back, hear her little cries. He forces the desire down, swallows thickly, and hears Rey inhale shakily. He must have sent her that image through the bond a little more clearly than he wanted. She moves her lips against his temple, pressing soft kisses before laying her cheek against his head. They exhale together and relax into one another, basking in each other’s presence, in each other’s peace. Their tranquility is shattered by Chewie’s roaring. Ben bolts up. “What?!” Rey cries. Startled, she jumps up and Ben shuts down the Force bond. He will not let her feel the terror coursing through him. “Turn on the HoloNet news,” Mara orders as she stalks into the cockpit. Ben fumbles for the right switches, half listening to Chewie’s whines and grumbles. Rey sighs in exasperation and leans over to flick the right switches. A newscast from Coruscant comes up, the ghostly blue face of the journalist bathing Ben in a sickly light. “And in other news, General Leia Organa, now returning to her Senatorial duties, was present at her son’s trial. Benjamin Solo, known as First Order war criminal Kylo Ren, has fled Coruscant and has been tried in absentia. In light of his flight and the First Order strike on Ord Ibanna, the Chief of State has agreed that Solo returned to the First Order and has ordered his death. If he returns to Coruscant, the orders are to shoot on sight.” As he speaks the scene flickers to a courtroom, Leia’s head held up high, dressed in her senatorial finest. Ben feels pride at watching her compassionate plea to the Senate to give Ben a chance. He admired her restraint--she could’ve freed him with the information on the weapon but she was trusting him. He straightened in his seat. He could not fail her now. “Oh, Ben,” Rey murmurs. She lays her cheek on his shoulder, wraps her arm around him. He turns to give her and Mara a half smile. “Hey, at least I don’t have to worry now about what happens if I don’t die on Pral,” he jokes grimly. Mara frowns and he stands up. “Are we ready to go? I’ve got a date with a ginger to keep.” He switches off the comm and enters Pral’s coordinates. It feels as if a weight has been lifted off his shoulder. Of course the New Republic would never accept him; he had been living with this death at his elbow for months now. All he could feel was relief. Chapter 10 Summary: In which they prepare for the final confrontation Notes: Two for one today because it will be another week long break. I cried a bit writing this one. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Land her on the far side from the shipyards,” Ben orders Mara. “They are used to getting some commercial traffic here.” Pral is a smaller planet, half occupied with a people fiercely devoted to no one. They had been forcibly conquered by the Empire and had grudgingly accepted the First Order’s rule. The First Order culled many of their storm troopers from families there, always putting down rebellions by a gunshot into a mother’s head rather than negotiation. It made Ben sick to his stomach as he remembered Hux gloating after a successful capture of children, their minds wiped. He would’ve preferred clones, born only to die. Ben had accepted his role as a killer but he chose when to deal the deaths, not on orders, like stormtroopers and Hux. Nor did he delight in death. Hux took a psychopathic glee in destruction. He had to be stopped. There would be no sating him. Mara throws up her jammers and under the guise of delivering supplies to the outer reaches, touches down in a small clearing in a forest. The Equalizer is on the other side of the planet and they should’ve avoided detection. “There’s another ship here,” Rey reads from the terminal. “An Upsilon class shuttle.” She looks at Ben nervously, clearly worried that the First Order was nearby. “It’s Kyp. He is supposed to meet us here,” Ben mumbled. “I hope he is sincere in returning to the light and we haven’t walked into a trap,” Mara grunts. They exit the ship together, Chewie’s bowcaster already out, his aim sharp. Like Ben, Rey now had a blaster strapped to her hip. He opened his mind to the Force, merging with it, using it to help him now. He needed all of his strength. His new lightsaber hung from his hip and a bag full of grenades was strapped to his back. He had slid a vibroblade in his boots and Stokhil spray stick in a spine sheath. He was taking no chances. He knew a Jedi could survive by lightsaber alone but the dark side of the Force pulled at him. He was afraid he would give in too easily. Best to rely on other weapons at which he was extremely skilled. Unlike his uncle, he had trained his knights in a variety of weapons and hand to hand combat. Ben lead the group across the meadow to the ship crouched in the shadows. Chewie walked next to him, scanning the area, his senses on alert. The high grass of the meadow grazes Ben’s knees and he shivers as a slight breeze cooled the air. Overhead, gray clouds rumble with a threat of rain. “Greetings, master,” Kyp Durron comes around the ship and bows. He’s tall, broad in the shoulders, although nowhere as tall or broad as Ben. His black hair is cropped close to his head and he has a shadow of grey stubble across his broad jaw. “I’m no longer your master,” Ben replies. He and Kyp embrace tightly and Ben can feel Mara and Rey shuffling behind him. “I am your ally to help you find your way back, Kyp.” “I see you brought Mara Jade with you.” Kyp nods at Mara who smiles thinly. She is holding back; she only offers her hand for Kyp to shake. Ben is surprised at her reluctance to embrace Kyp. Last he remembered, they trained well together and Mara had worked exclusively with Kyp on hand to hand combat. Kyp was a master swordsman but needed help in other areas. Tapping into the dark side had made him even more formidable. But now, claimed to be haunted by the ghosts of his family, Kyp had been resisting the dark side. Kylo Ren had locked Kyp in solitary, secretly confided him about the call of the light. Kyp had eagerly responded and together they had reminisced about their times together at the Academy. Kyp had always refused to go on missions to locate and to slay Jedi. He only turned to the dark side to let the wrath flow through him, making him formidable in battle. Rey introduces herself and Ben can feel Kyp testing her power, intrigue on his face. “Quite powerful. I can see why Snoke was so eager to turn you.” Rey shrugs. She was used to people commenting on her power; she tried not to bask in it. Power was only good when it could be used for the common good she had argued once. Ben had dismissed the argument; he was certain Kyp would be swayed by it. “The Equalizer is in orbit on the other side of the planet. The weapon has been brought on board,” Kyp begins. He pulls out a holopad and clicks a button. An image of a slick torpedo appears. “It is shot into the planet and drills down into the core. The rounded shape at the top is where the spores for the bioweapon are stored. Hux is preparing to launch it as a trial on Corellia.” Rey sucks in her breath and Chewie keens softly. “How much time we have?” Mara asks. “Hux plans to depart within 48 standard hours. He is waiting on another complement of troops to arrive.” “Phasma is gone?” Ben is studying Kyp, studying Rey. He can see she is thinking furiously, can feel her regret at not warning the Republic fully. If they fail, Corellia will be destroyed and it will be on their heads. He reaches out to place a comforting hand on her shoulder. “Don’t count us out yet, Rey. Four Force users here and Chewbacca? The First Order won’t know what hit them.” “Do we have a plan?” Mara asks archly. Ben nods and takes the holo from Kyp, to open up the schematics and begins to explain his plan. All of it hitched on the crew completing their tasks alone and then reconvening. Too much space. He would be the distraction, take Hux’s attention from them. Time to settle old debts. “First things first: How do we get on board?” Rey asks. Kyp smiles. “As my prisoners,” he replies, pulling out a pair of handcuffs. Rey’s eyebrows shoot up and Ben chuckles. “I go as a prisoner. The rest of you hide on board.” “I need to hide my ship,” Mara rejoins. “I also need to get a few more supplies before we head out.” Ben nods, training his eyes on each one. “We leave in an hour.” During the hour, Ben meets with each person to review their roles. He saves Rey for last, ambling toward her as she stood in the field, letting the breeze wash through her hair. She sees him and smiles, pulling her back into a bun on her head. “Do you feel how strong he is?” she greets, nodding toward Kyp chatting with Mara. Ben shrugs. “Kyp has always been that way. He’s like you. Massively talented.” “You are talented, too.” “No I’m tainted. The dark side is too near me to make me effective in battle. Kyp’s family is his pull. If he sees his family in the light, he will never waiver.” She shakes her head and he can feel her refuting his words. “I have faith in you, Ben. You will do the right thing,” she says softly, threading her fingers through his. He looks down at their clasped hands and grins. He pulls her to him and presses his forehead against hers. “Promise me, Rey. If you are in danger, don’t wait for me. Get Chewie and get out.” “Not without you,” she responds fiercely. And Ben feels her love. Her resistance to it, her reluctance acceptance of it, her desire to be with him. For the first time, he feels something different from lust from her and remembers their time together on the Finalizer, snuggled into bed, whispering their histories and dreams to one another. He’s been aching to recapture those moments. The possibilities of her enchant him and he kisses her hard. “No, Rey. You are needed by this world. I need you to remember Mom needs you, Luke needs you. Your compassion, your brilliance are absolutely necessary to build a safer world. I’ve seen you out-argue senators in meetings. Don’t let me muck it up for you.” Rey is crying, shaking her head and he opens up the bond, bathes her in his love, shuts down her defences pressing against him. “Not without you. I want to wake up next to you for the rest of my life,” she whispers passionately. Ben starts; his heart aches painfully. “Rey.” Softly, firmly. She refuses to look at him. He places a finger under her chin and tilts her up until she is looking at him. “I am only one man. You have the galaxy in front of you. I am past my time. You need to change the Jedi. Luke and I, we are the past. You and Finn are the future. Are you willing to sacrifice the galaxy for me?” She is silent. Emboldened he pushes on and pulls his trump card, knowing she will loathe him for it. “Before I left, I gave Finn contact information on his family--and on yours. He’s located them both. He spoke with me before I left. They are waiting for you.” Rey pushes away from him, dazed. He knows she had been searching for them and had placed a few red herrings in her path, to protect her and to protect them. Ben had worked with Finn to relocate both of their families to safety before letting Rey know. He would never trust Hux not to discover them and use them against her. “How could you?” Her voice cracks. Ben sees Mara hurrying over, concern on her face. He knows she can sense their turmoil. “I knew you wouldn’t stay away. I need you to live, Rey. This was never going to end right. So I played dirty. I will always play dirty. Remember, fighting fair is for losers.” He tosses back old words at her, sees the wounds they open. She exhales forcefully and steps away from him. He sees sorrow in her eyes, longing for her family and smiles thinly. She will carry on without him. She will be loved by Leia and Luke, and, in turn, will take care of them. She will have her family. He extracted a promise from Lando to watch out for his mom before he left too. The galaxy will be a safer place. But at least he will die knowing that those he loves are secure. It’s the most he can hope for. He understood now why his dad’s hand lingered over his face, so much love in his eyes--he had seen his son, seen him safely, knew he had infected him with the light and that he would turn. Giving love and peace in his death to Ben. And Ben now offered that to those around him. He stepped away from her, turning to face Mara. “Let’s load up. We’ve got a lot of work to do,” he says grimly as he strides toward Kyp. Mara stares at him bewildered before wrapping her arms around Rey. He idly thinks what a wonderful mother she would be and wonders what was wrong with his uncle. Notes: I know what's wrong with your uncle. The EU got killed and this Luke is crazy different, Jacen, I mean Ben. Stokhli Spray Stick Chapter 11 Summary: People die. Notes: I am so sorry. For everything. Foul language ahead. You've been warned. Kyp guides the shuttle into the bay. The command station orders him to wait until Hux appears to escort the prisoner personally. “He’s angry and proud. He’ll turn his back on you. Punish you. Use it,” Kyp remarks, powering down the shuttle. “I’ll create my distraction, help get everyone else on board.” Ben stares out the shuttle,at the orderly line of stormtroopers. The memory of being able to command them, their fear him, echoes strongly here. He wraps his anger and dread into a ball and shoves it down into the pit of his stomach. He was always too scared to be a real hero. “Rey and Mara will take good care of you, Kyp. And Luke is waiting for you back in the Core,” he shakes Kyp’s hand. Kyp’s dark eyes flick up at him, a cocky smile on his face. “Oh no, Solo. You’re coming back with me,” he rejoins and snaps the cuffs on his wrists. “Don’t be so fatalistic. That’s my job, you moof-milker.” He pushes him down the hallway and out the ramp where General Hux strides purposefully before him. Stars he is ugly, Kyp thinks at him and Ben holds down a snort. Keep Rey safe he requests before trying to school his face to look downcast. He thinks all he can do is look somewhat constipated before giving up and settling on anger. He knows anger. Intimately. There is a tight line between feeling it and giving into it and Ben doesn’t mind walking it this time. He feels Kyp’s flicker of concern before shutting him out of his mind. “Look what the Knight of Ren dragged in,” Hux sneers. Ben restrains himself from rolling his eyes. “I’m surprised to see at least one of you is still loyal.” “Nothing gets past you, sir,” Kyp replies sardonically. Hux either doesn't hear it or chooses to ignore it, glowering at Ben, circling him. His pale face is flush, his lips twisted in a sneer. He stops and points at Ben, shouting at the troopers on the deck. “Look at the traitor! This man killed Supreme Leader Snoke! And gave our information to the Republic--he caused the death of your comrades!” Hux is almost screaming, his eyes alight in fury. “He will punished!” The troopers go wild, cheering and hollering. Hux basks in it, smiling tightly before grabbing Solo by the arm and hissing at him: “You’re with me, Kylo. And I’ve got a special treat in store for you.” Ben is patted down and Hux collects his lightsaber and blaster. The stormtrooper misses the vibroblade in his boot, only half pats down his back. Ben sneers a little as Hux examines the lightsaber, pronouncing it useless, before tucking it away. As he pushes Ben along the corridor, Ben feels Rey’s worry. Go, he thinks at her. There isn’t much time. She gathers her feelings and locks her worry away. All he can sense now is her resolve to blow this whole kriffin’ place up. His heart swells with pride. That’s his girl. Beauty and can tear up the First Order like a rancor on a rampage. He wasn’t sure which quality he found more enticing. Ben takes in how little stormtroopers there are on the ship as Hux drags him to his personal quarters. “Having some personnel problems, Hux?” he taunts. There were at least as half as many stormtroopers on board as there should be. The general says nothing, only grunts, and ushers Ben into his quarters. Large and spacious with a wide window, Hux’s room are grandiose with ornate furniture and an extra wide desk. Ben had only been in the room a few times and always forgot how extravagant it was. Hux liked his space, his little luxuries like an extra deep couch, a massaging chair, gold leafed lamps rather than wall sconces. The gunmetal walls absorbed the light from the lamps scattered around the room. You could almost imagine that he wasn’t raised by an Imperial academy teacher but by the Emperor himself. Ben idly wondered if some of these items had been procured after Hux had assumed the Supreme Leader’s role. “You were foolish to come here,” Hux scoffs. “Did you really think you could come back? That we would take you back?” He walks backward toward his desk and leans against it. “That’s not why I’m here,” Ben responds easily. The cuffs spring open at his command with the Force and he shakes his wrist loose. Hux merely glowers at him. “I’m going to kill you.” Hux snorts with derision. “And escape how?” “That’s my problem, not yours.” Ben feels the Force flowing through him--he reaches out to it, wraps it around him. He is centered; he is ready for this. Hux is laughing. Ben stalks toward him and then--nothingness. It’s as if his mind had gone silent. He steps back in astonishment and realizes the odd wooden sculptures were branches--and crawling around one of them was a ysalamir. He curses and Hux laughs. “I wondered what these creatures were for once you had abandoned ship. I went back through the records and found out what they were called. Repel the Force can they? I don’t need your Knights of Ren anymore. Your Force is useless here. How else do you plan to defeat me?” He is gloating and Ben growls frustrated. Hux has his lightsaber and blaster--he could use the blade but he would need to step into the Force-free zone. He squares his shoulders. “Like this,” he snarls before throwing his fist back and slamming it in Hux’s face. Hux’s head snaps back and he stumbles. He curses loudly and puts his hand around his nose. Blood trickles down to his chin; he rubs his nose, smearing the blood on his cheek before rushing at Ben. But Ben is ready and he grabs his momentum and slams him into the wall. Hux twists quickly, so only his shoulder takes the brunt of the force. He lashes out and kicks Ben squarely in the chest. Ben’s breath escapes with a whoosh and he slides back before getting his feet under him. Hux has leapt up and is circling him. He throws a right hook that catches Ben in the jaw and Ben snaps back with a brutal uppercut so hard that he hears Hux’s jaw crack. Hux kicks at Ben’s shins, catches him, and kicks again, this time square in the knee. Ben stifles a cry of pain and goes down onto one knee. Hux rushes him, jumps up and slants his fist toward Ben’s face. Ben is crouched, reaches up, grabs Hux’s torso and tosses him toward the wall, grunting with the effort. Hux slides down and Ben expects him to admit defeat. But Hux is laughing. He turns to sit on the ground, holding his gut. His teeth are red with blood. Ben curls his fist tightly, afraid to ask what Hux finds so amusing. “Tell me, Ren, did you enjoy her little cunt? Is that why you turned against our Supreme Leader? Was she that good?” He chuckles again and Ben’s skin begins to flush. His fear was fading away, replaced by a buzzing anger. He takes a step toward Hux. “I really hope she was that good although you can’t tell by her tiny tits or lack of ass. Still, I suppose when Kyp brings her here, I’ll get a chance.” “What?” Ben is thrown by the last statement. Hux smiles at him, all malice. “Durron’s mine, Ren. He’s been playing you from the start. Right now he’s probably got Rey and Mara Jade and that Wookie rounded up.” “You’re lying!” Hux laughs again lazily and slowly clambers to his feet. Ben backpedals from the desk, where he can feel the Force rushing back to him. He opens up the bond to feel for Rey--and senses nothing. His panic rises, fury in his throat. He turns to glare at Hux. “What have you done?” he snarls. Hux only chuckles, leaning against the desk. He was always bad at hand to hand combat, Ben thinks triumphantly. “I promised to give Kyp what he’s always wanted--a chance to destroy the Republic. After all they did murder his family in cold blood.” Ben says nothing, feeling the anger hum along his skin. Hux doesn’t notice his features are twisting into something feral. “I wanted to punish you. I hope to torture that little Jedi tramp in front of you--I’m sure the results will be interesting. How dare you think you had the right to murder our Supreme leader and all for a scavenger.” ” “I didn’t kill him for Rey. I killed him because he was a traitor to the cause,” Ben spits out. Hux shakes his head. “Liar!” he hisses. “You’ve always been the traitor--trying to protect the Republic from the Starkiller? Oh no, Kylo Ren. I’ve seen your every move now in a new light. Killing Snoke was always your plan so you could lead.” He hacks for a moment and leans over to spit out a tooth. Ben grimaces and Hux smiles again, blood coating his lips. “Clearly that was your plan as you sit here now head of the First Order.” Ben’s voice is icy. He still can’t feel Rey through the Force and he wants nothing more than to kill Hux and then dispatch Kyp. Hux hasn’t stopped gloating. “We’ll see how long you believe your lies as I take your woman in front of you---” Suddenly Hux is gasping, his face turning red. Bored and boiling in fury, Ben taps into the dark side and it comes rushing back with all the joy of a returning lover. He thrusts his hand out, squeezing the air out of Hux’s throat. Stumbling, Hux throws himself next to the ysalamir and starts hauling in air in large gulps. In the bubble, he was safe. Time to get rid of that obstacle. Ben stalks toward him and Hux starts crab walking away. Furious that he can no longer feel the Force, Ben snatches the ysalamir and throws it against the far side of the room. The Force is back now and unless Hux wants to hide in a corner, there was nowhere for him to go. “She belongs to no one,” he growls before letting the fury command him. He wanted to rip Hux into pieces; he wanted nothing to be left. At that moment, his rage was all consuming, his eyes were glowing with madness and the Force flew through his fingertips as lightning to shred Hux. The general lay on the ground, screaming, convulsing. Ben steps back, aghast. Hux curls into a ball on the floor, tears streaming down his mottled face, wisps of smoke lifting off his skin. The dark force courses through him, his heart is racing and all he wants is to finish the job. He closes his eyes and swallows hard. He can’t beat Hux this way. He can’t. He becomes aware of Hux chuckling. “You were always weak. I never understood why the Supreme Leader favored you,” he hisses, his arm pressed to his sides. Ben’s face burns; he was weak; he would always be weak. He opens the Force bond to check for Rey and feels nothing. His panic crests. “Call Kyp now,” he demands. Hux chortles again. “Never. I want your little whore to suffer.” “Stop calling her that!” Ben roars and in a moment the lightsaber is in his hand. Without thinking he ignites it the same time Hux whips out a blaster. Ben deftly blocks the blaster bolts before reaching with the Force for Hux. The general is lifted off the floor and flies into his hands; Ben lifts him by the throat, the Force rippling through him, granting him strength. “You could never do it,” Hux gasps. With a growl, Ben slams Hux to his knees. Hux struggles up but Ben turns him around, grasps his neck and twists. The crack sounds through the room and Ben lowers Hux’s sagging body to the floor. He is panting. He is satisfied. Ben shambles over to the terminal and keys in a code. He had set up backdoors before he left so he could access the information should his usernames ever be blocked. Clearly the IT people had not discovered his carefully crafted glitches and he was able to get in. As he was scanning for Kyp, the ship rocked violently. He grabbed onto the desk to steady himself. The ship shivered under his feet and the lights blinked out before red emergency lights flooded the room. The abandon ship came a moment later. Ben smiled tightly. Chewie must have gotten to the engines. He quickly pulls up several screens to confirm the engines were down. Another screen is flashing--something is wrong the kyber crystals with powering the cannons. Again, another smile ghosted his lips. Rey and Mara--or at least one of them--must have made it to the crystals and had disabled them. He searched for the weapon and found where it was stored. He needed to get to it quickly to destroy it. Stalking over to Hux’s body, Ben flipped him over and ripped his supreme leader insignia off. Feeling ghoulish, he pinned it to his cloak. “Who is supreme leader now, nerfherder?” he whispered darkly before heading out and down to the lifts to the cargo bay. Chapter 12 Summary: In which Ben must fight his strongest student. Notes: Thank you all for reading, commenting, and kudoing. I've finished with this story and am editing it before posting it all. Hope you enjoy this one. I guess 15 chapters in total but may end up being shorter. Also, man, you guys really don't trust me or Ben ;) Ben keeps his lightsaber out and lit. Stormtroopers seeing him striding down the hallways turn and race in the other direction. He is limping slightly from Hux’s kicks but he pushes the pain from his mind and reaches for the Force to help him keep his strength. He has a job to finish. He estimates he has 30 standard minutes to disable the weapon before the Equalizer explodes. It’s too much of a risk to let any of the biological weapon spores make their way to Pral, wipe out its populace, unwittingly be carried by travellers to other systems. He has a duty to stop this and he will not fail. He will not his mom down. He enters the cargo bay and gapes at the weapon. It fills the whole room. It is long with prongs at the end to help it grasp a planet’s crust before the driller emerges to create a line straight to the core. The silvery oval at one end was where the spores were stored. He limps to it and begins to exam the machine. “Looks like you took your time,” drawals Kyp. Ben freezes, slowly turns to see Kyp glowering at him. Kyp’s clothes are torn at his shoulder and a dark purple bruise is blooming on his chin. “Little busy. Looks like you were too,” Ben casually replies. Kyp points his lightsaber at him, a vibrant red. Ben raises his green one in response. “It’s time to find out which of us is better,” Kyp declares and slides one foot behind another, raising his lightsaber above his head before charging and swinging the blade down. Gripping his blade in two hands, Ben blocked him and circled his blade to jab toward Kyp’s torso. Kyp easily dodges the blow and chops toward the legs. Ben drops his blade, meets Kyp’s and throws them up before using the Force to push Kyp against the wall. Kyp stops his slide after a few stumbles and growls. “Good trick, Solo. Can’t beat me on your own,” Kyp’s voice is dripping venom. “No but I can,” comes a clear confident voice. Ben cranes his neck to see Rey standing by the doors, her blue lightsaber glowing, her face calm, but radiating ferocity. Ben can see her split knuckles and guesses where Kyp got his bruise. Kyp sneers and Rey races toward him, her saber raised high. She slams it down and he parries expertly. They are slashing at each other fiercely, their blades sparking against one another as they dance around the floor. Taking advantage of their fight, Ben scurries over to the weapon and taps into the system. He pulls out a data card with the software virus and plugs it in, hitting a few more keys, his eyes darting over to watch Rey and Kyp’s fight. They are hitting the walls, leaving deep glowing marks, destroying containers. In a few moment, the virus is downloaded and begins to destroy the drilling software. The spores require a bit more work. Ben hobbles over to the hatch and pops it up, removing the vial inside. It glows a faint blue, packed full of the First Order crafted disease. From his pocket he takes out the antidote and slips it into a syringe. Carefully, he lines the needle up to the container and plunges it in, depressing the entire antidote. For a minute he worries that it isn’t working until the spores begin to dim before extinguishing completely. Ben resolves to find the hacker he hired through Talon Karrade and give him a bonus. Mindful of his promise to Leia to bring the weapon back for study, he pockets the dead spores before dashing back to the fight. Both Rey and Kyp are covered in sweat, both are equally joined. Ben calls upon the Force to grant him strength, to push away the pain in his knee, and ignites his blade, rushing toward the two. “You still won’t win!” Kyp snarls, deftly blocking both of their blades. He is a blur of motion, moving between their coordinated attacks, one hand thrust out to throw Ben away. Ben slides across the floor and cries out as he hits his knee. It is throbbing more painfully now and he swallows hard, pushing back the bile threatening to rise up. Kyp is driving Rey back and Ben can see her stances are slipping, that she’s purely on the defense. “Rey, catch!” he hollers and tosses her his blade. He uses the Force to pin Kyp’s arms back and bits his lip concentrating. Rey catches his blade and presses their hilts together, snapping the locks on the sides. He had built his hilt to match hers, for her to able to connect them and make a staff. She ignites both blades and turns to look at Kyp. Exhausted, Ben drops his hold on Kyp’s arm. The fight is now truly joined. Ben watches as Rey twirls her blades, meeting Kyp’s increasingly choppy motions. Ben opens the Force bond and sends Rey a quick image. She barely nods and begins backing away from Kyp. In a quick motion she ducks underneath Kyp’s sweeping blade and he turns with her, so his back is to Ben. Ben lumbers to his feet, grimacing at the pain lancing through his leg. Kyp is crazed, his movements erratic but his blade slips through Rey’s defenses and he runs his blade along her torso. She shrieks once and stumbles back, her hand pressing to her side. Sweat covers her face and she is heaving. Kyp laughs. “Even with two blades you aren't a match for me,” he gloats before gasping and looking down to see a vibroblade sticking through his chest. “Always be aware of your opponents,” Ben hisses before drawing the blade from Kyp’s heart. Kyp looks up startled before collapsing to the ground. Ben leans down and wiped the blood off his blade before sliding it back into his boot. Rey walks over and pulls his arm over her shoulder. “Is your knee broken?”she asks. He notes that she is not refusing to comment on the body on the floor. “Dislocated cap,”he replies as they begin trudging toward the door. They have less than 10 minutes to make it to the other side of the ship. Ben leaves heavily on her as they hobble to the door. He quickly realizes that they both won’t make it to Mara’s ship on time and shies away from her. He presses his weight against a bulkhead. “Go, Rey,” he commands. “You can’t take me and make it in time.” She shoots him an annoyed look. “The escape pods are just down this corridor,” she replies. “You aren’t getting away that easily. C’mon.” She grabs his arm and half hauls him down the hall until she finds an escape pod. Ben hits the open and they crawl in. Rey quickly slips into the pilot seat and begins tapping keys. With a whoosh the pod is released from the Equalizer, spinning in space until Rey rights it. Ben straps on his buckle and gestures for Rey to follow. “Did Mara and Chewie make it?” he asks softly, ashamed he had not thought of them earlier. Rey nods curtly and begins flicking a few switches. “Mara, can you copy?” she asks, her mind on guiding the ship toward the planet below. Ben sees other escape pods have ejected, the gaping holes in the side of the ship. He also sees that it has been aimed away from the planet and is crashing toward the moon. He lifts an eyebrow at Rey who shrugs. “Saw too many planets destroyed by ships. Figured if I had a chance, I’d steer it toward the moon, set its course.” Ben chuckles and pats her shoulder before leaning back in the chair and letting his eyes close. “I copy, Rey,” Mara’s voice crackles over the comm. “We are off the ship. Send me your coordinates and I’ll pick you up.” “Negative, she’s a beast to pilot. I’ll send you the coordinates of where we land,” Rey responds. “No wait--enter these coordinates,” Ben orders and rattles off a string of numbers. Rey shoots him a strange look but complies. In a moment they hit atmo and Ben sees the flames licking around the edge of the canopy. The pod rattles and shakes and Rey’s brow is furrowed as she is concentrating. In less than a minute, they are bouncing along the ground, Rey jerking the stick desperately to control the landing. Ben grips the seat tightly as the pod slides to a stop. He jerks forward, stopped only by the belt before smashing his head into the console. The dirt outside finally settles and he can see they’ve landed in a plains area, tall grasses grazing the window. He groans and reaches for a med pack in the slot above his head. He tears open a packet of painkillers and swallows them eagerly. “Don’t look,” he tells Rey right before he pops his kneecap into place. He lets out a little scream and grips the console tightly, forcing himself to breathe. Rey chokes back a gasp and grabs a bottle of water, offering him some. He takes a few sips and just focuses on pushing the pain aside. The painkillers begin to eat away at the edge of it in a few moments and he reaches out to the Force to help him with the rest. There is a knock on the door. “Mara can’t have been here that fast,” Rey murmurs. “Now, it’s General Phasma,” Ben replies. She turns to stare at him, shock on her face. Her hand goes right to her lightsaber. He shakes his head. “She’s promised to talk peace if I can prove I’ve gotten rid of Hux.” “Did you?” Rey asks. In response, Ben pulls out the ripped Supreme Leader patch and shows it to her. Rey’s lips tighten. “Can you walk?” “Yes, but I need you to give me back my lightsaber.” “When did you come up with an idea to make it join with mine?” she asks as she uncouples the two hilts. Ben gives her a twisted smile. “Our sabres work together because we belong together” he replies as he clambers toward the exit. Rey shakes her head. “Don’t be so corny; I’m being serious.” “So am I” and he steps out into the sunlight where a dozen soldiers and General Phasma awaits him. They have come undercover and Phasma is dressed in a neat tunic and slacks, her golden cap of hair neatly combed to the side. She still exudes cool confidence and competence and he knows she has blades hidden on her, probably in her boots as she had taught him. “General Phasma,” he greets. “May I present Jedi Knight Rey Kenobi?” Phasma nods once at Rey. “Yes, I know of her. She is friends with Ambassador…..Finn. I see he is doing well.” “Yes, much better away from you,” Rey almost spits. Ben can feel her vibrating with anger on her friend’s behalf and he puts a hand on her to calm her down. “He was never really cut out for trooper duty. I’m pleased to see that the New Republic has found its use for him.” “It’s use for him?!” Ben sighed as Rey’s outrage could be clearly heard. Phasma turns her head toward Rey and cocks it slightly. “A government always finds use for people. Look at you. The New Republic uses you in its propaganda against us, against the Dark Side. Look at Kylo, excuse me, Ben Solo. Even now the Republic is using his “trial” to perpetuate a narrative. A government’s job is to ensure order and peace and will take all steps necessary to do so.” Phasma’s voice is quiet and measured as if she were schooling, rather than scolding, a small child. Rey huffs and turns away to stalk back toward the pod. Ben shrugs apologetically before offering Phasma the Supreme Leader insignia. She takes it and holds it carefully in her hand. A small smile flits across her face. “Thank you.” “Ma’am look,” a trooper calls and points toward the sky. Phasma and Ben follow his light to see an explosion in the sky. The Equalizer must have crashed against the moon. “The weapon has also been destroyed as well as the plans,” Ben says. “They were stored on Hux’s computers and I took a moment to remove them from the database. Now, for your end of the bargain.” Phasma stares at him, her eyes roving his face. “Is this what you want? You have nothing there.” Ben turns to look at Rey leaning against the pod, watching them. He turns back to Phasma and she nods almost imperceptibly. “PN-4260, please contact Senator Leia Organa. Request a meeting to begin diplomatic talks between the First Order and the Republic. Tell her we wish to see this war end as well.” She keeps her eyes on Ben the entire time and in turn he bows to her. She bows back. They once spent every other weekend sparring on the Finalizer and he knows she will keep her world. She wanted order, not war. She wanted peace, not glory. Maybe there would be peace. “Thank you,” he says quietly. “No thank you. Now that Hux is out of the way we can get to our real work--governing our worlds.” “You will lose some to the Republic,” he replies. She quirks a brow at him. “And you don’t think some won’t return to the Empire as it is now?” He chuckles and agrees with her. They shake hands. “Take care, Solo. And if you need a place to be safe, you are welcome in First Order space.” “I’ll keep that in mind.” She turns and gestures toward her men who begin marching in neat, orderly lines to a ship hidden just behind the tree line. Ben walks toward Rey who is kicking at the dirt. “I didn’t mean to be so rude. It’s just Finn has some very dark memories of his times with them and to hear him talked about as if he were an object,” her voice is still sullen. Ben sometimes has to remind himself that she is ten years younger than him and her idealism still occasionally infects how she responds to things, to conversations, to people. “Phasma went undercover because she didn’t like the way Hux was treating the troops. Forced reconditioning, beating them, physical torture for failing to execute men.” He keeps his voice soft, his hands on his hips. Rey nods and looks at him before smiling. She reaches for him and kisses him, her lips gentle against his. “We did it.” “We did.” “Now what? Are you coming back with us to Coruscant?” Ben says nothing but turns to watch the Jade Shadow settle down. “Not yet. We have a meeting in Ord Ibanna,” he replies before marching to the ship. “Besides I need to know what happened with you three on your missions and I need a bacta tank for at least half a day to finish healing this knee.” Mara Jade is leaning against the hatchway and nods. “Debrief later. I got tank in the back.” “Used to rough runs are you?” “Oh, the roughest,” she replies as she smacks him on the shoulder before pulling him into a hug. Mara had suffered several burns to her arms and thighs but had patched herself up with a few burn packs in her medkit. Chewie seems to be unfazed and he is telling Ben about how he caught on to Kyp’s treachery. He had distracted Kyp and helped Rey escape before sliding out of sight. For a large Wookie, Chewie was quite adept at hiding. Ben always chalked it up to a smuggler history. Mara had snuck away and was busy using the Force and grenades to destroy the kyber crystals powering the weapons. “We can both see a real medic once we get to Ord Ibanna,” Mara promises as she lifts the Shadow out of atmo and into the black. Ben sighs before allowing Chewie to hook him up to the bacta tank and dumping him under. He slips into a Force healing trance to help speed the bacta along. Chapter 13 Summary: In which Ben finds some peace. Also a little bed time with Rey, if you know what I mean. Notes: Well, my dear readers, we finally reach our resolution. I had said 15 chapters but when I re-read what I wrote, I figured I could jam them all into this one chapter. What do you think? Is Ben redeemed? (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Czek City was aglow with the sunset, the pink light hitting off the grey buildings, lighting them up, casting Rey’s face in a soft light. Ben watched her observe the ships taking off and landing from his vantage point of their bed. Rey had a sheet pulled around her body, the light illuminating her frame and he felt himself stirring again for her. As if she could hear his thoughts, she craned her neck to look at him and smirked. He grinned cheekily back; he would feel no reprobation for his desire for her. Nor, from last night, her apparent desire for him. “Come back to bed,” he calls. He leans his head against his hand, his elbow crooked up so that he resting against the pillows. They had arrived late to Czek and he had found them some rooms and had escorted Mara to a med bay. Some of her burns would require grafts to heal completely. He felt a twinge of guilt; he should check on her soon. Rey shuffles back to the bed and curls up next to him, wrapping her arms around his neck, bending him down to press her lips against his. He pushes the guilt aside, allows himself to revel in the smell of her, the feel of her small body pressed against hers. Gently he trails kisses along her jawline, tasting her neck, licking her cleft in her collarbone. She whimpers softly and he glides his hand down her thighs, slides up to cup her breasts and thumb her nipples. She moans and presses herself against him and he bites down on her lips. Rey mews against him and he can feel her want. He lets his hand drift down her, skating over her skin, carefully parting her soaked lower lips and pressing against her clit. Rey lets out a sigh of relief and arches her back. He lets his mouth follow his hands, replace his fingers before sliding a finger inside of her. Her little cries, her fisting of his hair are driving him to the edge and he moans, his mouth on her, his mouth filled with her. “Make it come true,” she pants and he knows exactly what she means. He splays one hand against her breasts, kneading, waiting for her to come once before giving into his needs. His tongue circles her, presses flat against her, he gently grates his teeth against her and she bucks wildly at that. Stars, she is a wondrously responsive creature. His heart swells with possessiveness. He is thrusting harder now, curling his fingers inside of her, his tongue circling her until she finally cries out and shudders against him. He pulls away, wipes his mouth, and reaches up to take her mouth in his. She responds hungrily, her tongue in his mouth, tasting herself, her hands on his cock, rubbing, guiding her thumb over the top of him and he moans in her mouth. “Yes,” she whispers. He pulls away and she turns over. He swallows, his throat suddenly dry as she presses her ass against him and pleads again. He guides himself inside of her, groaning at how wet she is. This is what she dreamt of in the shower all those nights ago. He feels a moment of doubt, worried he can ever reach what she fantasizes when he hears her groad, feels her bucking against him. “Stop Ben. I want the real you,” she grinds out. Embarrassed he is projecting so much, Ben closes his mind against her before grabbing her hips and thrusting hard. She cries out and tips her head back and it is a moment before they find their rhythm. His breathing is ragged and her noises are encouraging and he loves cupping her firm ass in his hands, his thumbs kneading against her, pushing into her, before he feels himself tightening and releasing in her. He cries out and slumps against her, feels her gently pull away and flop on her back. Her face is flushed and a light sheen of sweat covers her. She is the very vision of beauty and Ben can only stare at her, completely unsure of how he won her. “I love you, Ben,” she whispers and reaches a hand up to trace his face. “But I don’t know reasonably how we can be together.” “I know,” he says, pressing her hand against her face. She sits up and he becomes of aware of how sticky he is, how she must be as well. “Let’s not ruin the moment, ok?” he asks huskily before kissing her and padding to the shower. He turns to smile at her. “You’re more than welcome to join me.” Rey smiles sadly back and rests her head on her joined knees. ************************* Ben is disappointed that she doesn’t join him, slipping into the shower right as he steps out. He contemplates getting back in but recognizing she wants to be alone, he heads into the bedroom, the towel wrapped around his waist--and stops short to see Qui-Gon staring at the bed. His face flushes with embarrassment. “We’ve got to stop meeting like this,” he mutters, striding toward his clothes. Qui-Gon grunts and Ben swears he can see a small grin on his face. He shoves on his pants and a shirt before turning to face the Jedi. “How can I help you?” “I see you’ve done good work lately, Ben,” Qui-Gon begins without preamble. “But I think you need to detangle yourself from your feelings to find the true nature of the Force.” “Are you saying I can’t be with her? That attachments are wrong?” Ben challenges, baring his teeth to the ghost. He feels his anger rise but feels no pull to power like before. “No, I’m saying you need clarity. You don’t have that now.” Ben steps back and frowns. He has been trouble meditating but while in battle, had no issues with the Force. He closes his eyes, breathes deeply and feels the Force flowing through him. The distance he had felt in the past was almost gone but Qui-Gon was right. He was not completely attuned to it. And in the middle of that gap was the maelstrom that were his feelings for Rey. He blows out the air, defeated. “We will never be together will we?” he asks mournfully. Qui-Gon closes his eyes, tips his head back. “Your futures are unclear. Much to be decided in the next days. But you must find your clarity in the Force before you can find your clarity with her.” “What do you suggest I do, Master?” The word trips over his tongue before he realizes it and Ben freezes. He had sworn never to call anyone a master again. Qui-Gon chuckles softly as if he recognizes Ben’s horror. “I am not your Master, Ben. Just a guide. Keep focusing on the Force in your meditations. And seek out the holochrons of the Voss Mystics. They will guide you in your searches.” He reaches down to place a ghostly hand on Ben’s shoulder, a fatherly pat. “You did well, Ben.” “I used the dark side.” “And immediately pulled away from it. You will always struggle. But it will be easier now.” He straightens up. “May the Force be with you, Ben.” And he fades away in the room and Ben is left, feeling a burden heavier than before. He thought he was free of his troubles. Turns out resolving one problem only invited more. His comm beeps and he pulls it out to read that he is expected for a late lunch in rooms below. He sighs and gets up to let Rey know. Leia Organa lays out an excellent luncheon, Ben is forced to admit, as he fills his plate. It has been days since he’s eaten more than rehydrated food and he is glad of the change. He pauses once in shoving his mouth to thank his mom who is watching both him and Rey with a bemused smile on her face. The foyer door slides open and Chewie ambles in, growling his hellos, and Leia waves to the table. “Help yourself, Chewie. A small breakfast for the heroes.” “I’m not a hero,” Ben grunts around a mouthful of tender meat. He grabs the beer in front of him and gulps it down before wiping his mouth on his sleeve. “Ben! Napkin!” his mom chides and his ears burn with embarrassment. “Seems I remember you picking on my table manners,” Rey shoots back through a full mouth, a mischievous twinkle in her eye. “Chew with your mouth closed,” Ben snaps before reaching for another piece of fruit. “I’m a growing boy, Mom.” “Growing into what, we don’t yet know,” she replies softly, cradling her cup of caf. “Phasma reached out to me a few days ago. We will be meeting near the Ryloth system to broker an agreement. If we come to a rough one, we will finalize it in Coruscant. A few other senators will be coming along.” She taps her nail on the rim of the cup. “In her transmission to the Senate, she made it clear that this concession is your work.” “Awfully kind of her,” he mumbles. Sated, he leans back in his seat. “So what? Is my death sentence commuted?” “Not exactly,” Leia admits. “They’ve lifted it for the moment. They want you to come back to Coruscant for a full trial.” “And if I don’t?” “Probably exile from the Republic worlds.” He tilts his head, thinks about that, thinks about Republic space. “I can live with that.” “Ben! Just come back to Coruscant. With all you’ve done, you will be looked upon favorably.” He can see the desperation in her eyes and reaches out to squeeze her hand. “Mom, it’s theatre and you know it. I’ve got real work to do.” “What work?” Rey pipes in. He notes she has swallowed her meat before speaking up. “I have the rest of the Knights of Ren to chase down. They were not included in the agreement that I had with Phasma. She wants nothing to do with that organization. If Kyp was still on the dark side, I guarantee the rest of them are. I need to either bring them back or kill them,” he states plainly, shredding a piece of bread as he spoke. He hates how easily he speaks of death but it has become a part of him now. Besides, his dark knights on the loose would cause more death and destruction. They will try to set up little fiefdoms around the galaxy, try to rule a planet or two, dominate a species. He couldn’t let that happen. He was tired of forceful governance, glad now there would be a choice of worlds of whether to join the Republic or return to the First Order. “I won’t see you again, Ben,” his mother says gently. He can see the tears gathering in her eyes. He hugs her close and doesn’t want to lie to her. “Yes you can, Mom. There are plenty of ways we can see each other. You’re not stuck on Coruscant and I’m pretty good at slipping through customs.” “And hacking systems,” Mara Jade responded as she entered the room. She moved slowly, obviously still recovering from her surgery. Ben got up and offered her an arm which she scoffed at before taking her seat and hauling in a long swallow of beer. “Excellent hops, Senator Organa.” Leia chuckles and raises her cup at Mara. “What do you mean hacking systems?” Rey asks casually. “I had no idea that Ben was sending communiques to Phasma from the Shadow. Once I figured it out, I went back and found traces, but not enough. He’s very clever. If he wanted a coded comm with his mother, he could set it up,” she offers as she begins to pile food on her plate. Ben takes his seat again and pours himself a caf. He needs something more stimulating to make it through the evening. He begins to pick at the piece of toast on his plate. Chewie rumbles at the end of the table that Han had taught Ben a lot of smuggling tricks and Ben grunts in reply. “That’s why Talon and I are offering you a spot if you want it,” Mara says. Ben explains to her that he needs to hunt down the Knights before they do any damage. She shrugs off his protest. “You can do that and smuggle. You will need information. Karrade trades in that. And because of how highly I think of you, you won’t have to be on the bottom. He’ll give you more freedom. Besides a lightsaber is valuable to him. I’ve resolved more conflicts just flashing the handle than actually using it.” “And Karrade has a lot of contacts. He will be very valuable to you,” Leia says. Ben turns to stare at his mother in amazement. He can’t believe she is encouraging this but she is, her eyes shining, pride on her face. “Master Luke and I will be out crossing the galaxy, helping with conflicts, and trying to build a praxeum. I might be able to see you more often than if I stay on Coruscant,” Rey offers. "I'm not ready to give up being a Jedi but as you learn more about the Grey Jedi, I will be more interested in joining you, learning from you." Ben stares at all three women, amazement on his face, overwhelmed by how much love is in the room. He isn’t sure he deserves any of it but he doesn’t push them away. He lets them see the tears in his eyes, a small smile on his face. He nods at Mara. “Ok, let Karrade know he’s got another Force user,” he finally replies, hoping his voice doesn’t crack. Mara slaps him on the shoulder. “Thatta boy! You’ll be my co-pilot so you’ll be working directly with me.” Ben immediately sees through her ruse. “You just want to chase after my knights!” he accuses. She laughs and rubs her arm. “Yes, that Durron got a piece of me. A bit slow on the uptake. Need some practice. I hope you are up to sparring sessions,” she adds before taking a big bite out of her bantha steak. Ben sighs, rolls his eyes, and slumps in his seat. She had ensnared him good and now he was beginning to regret this deal. "I've got a bad feeling about this," he mutters. "You're more like your father than you know," Mara adds and he shakes his head, his mom laughing at Mara's remarks. Mara would be the death of him. ******************** A short time later, he is out on the balcony, watching the stars through the haze of the clouds. He can see glimpses of them and knows his destiny is out there, scoring the galaxy with Mara. Chewie had said he would join along since Coruscant didn’t need him but first he needed to return to his family. They would be heading to Kashyyyk tomorrow. But now he stands, his arm around Rey, and she is snuggled next to him. They didn’t know exactly what would become of another but were committed to finding out. That was enough for now. He watches a meteorite cross the sky before disappearing into the clouds and thinks he has found peace. And that will be enough. Notes: I made so many Han Solo references in this chapter. I had started out with 3 premises: Hux needed to die; Ben was going to trial; and Rey was his. Additionally, I set up that he didn't know who he was and Mara laid out the claim that he wasn't like his dad in the first chapter. I'm happy with how I resolved all of them. Are you? Thanks for coming along with this journey. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the Reclamation & Strife series