Hux hated waiting. The cell wasn't very big, enough standing room for two people, a wash basin, and the hard, bare, bed on which Hux was currently sat. There weren't any windows, so Hux had no idea how long he'd been in there exactly, although he guessed it was just over a standard day cycle. Food had been sent through a sliding panel on a tray twice, which surprised him a little; typical First Order protocol was to starve prisoners before interrogation. He shifted to lay down, gazing up at the metal ceiling, counting the panels for want of anything better to do. It had been an ambush. Hux had heard about a sighting of Kylo Ren, who had been captured by the Resistance on Starkiller Base six months ago, and had gone with a squad of Stormtroopers to investigate only to be surprised and captured himself. The sound of the door opening got his attention. He sat up and smoothed down his clothes and hair. No reason he couldn't face his foes with dignity. 'I'm not giving you any information, so whatever-' He cut himself off when he saw who it was. The other man was almost unrecognisable, dressed in blue trousers and a cream shirt, with his hair swept back in a messy bun, but he knew that face; he'd traced it tenderly several times with his fingers in the middle of long, dark nights. 'Kylo?' Kylo Ren flinched slightly, struggling to meet Hux's eye. 'Hello Hux.' Hux rose from the bed, standing in front of the other man. Then he surged foreward, pulling Kylo close. The taller man's arms wrapped around Hux, returning the embrace. 'I thought you were dead.' Hux pressed his face into Kylo's neck. He still smelled the same. 'I thought they would have executed you the second they captured you.' He pulled back slightly and kissed Kylo on the lips. There were probably cameras, but he found it hard to give a damn. Let them watch. After months of thinking that Kylo had been taken from him forever he needed to do this. 'Kylo, we need-' 'Don't call me that.' Hux looked at Kylo in confusion; he looked almost ill. 'Please don't call me that,' Kylo says again. 'My name is Ben.' 'What?' 'My name is Ben Organa-Solo. And I wasn't captured, Hux, I've joined the Resistance.' Hux froze, then untangled himself from Kylo's arms and stepped away from him as if he burned. Kylo seemed to reach out at the loss of contact, but stayed where he was. 'What did they do to you?' said Hux after a few moments. 'Hux-' 'Did they torture you? Brainwash you? Did they bring in Skywalker to use the Force and make you join them?' There was a slight edge of panic to Hux's voice. Was that what they were going to do to him, use the Force to rip secrets from his mind and then gods knew what else? Kylo stepped towards Hux, arms out in a calming manner. 'Just let me explain.' Hux recoiled from Kylo's approach, causing the other man to retreat slightly. 'I was confronted on Starkiller by my father. He wanted to bring me home, back to the light. There's been a conflict in me, Hux, for so long all I could feel was the warring between the light and the dark, both wanting me but neither able to fully claim me. I wanted to be free of the pain, and when he reached out to me, I saw a way.' 'By betraying the First Order? Betraying me? By turning your back on everything we've worked for together?' Now that Hux thought about it, ever since Kylo had been taken there had been an inconvient number of successful Resistance attacks on the First Order. They'd seemed to know the base locations, supply routes, everything. It was obvious that there was an information leak somewhere. Between that and the missing Knight of Ren, Hux couldn't remember the last time he'd slept properly, but not once did it occur to him that the leak in the system was also his missing lover. Hux cursed himself be being so blind. 'It was wrong, Hux. Everything I did for Snoke, everything we did, was evil. He doesn't care about order, all Snoke wants is to destroy everything good and right in the galaxy. I can't live like that any more. I won't be his pawn.' Kylo's brown eyes looked so sincere, so desperate for Hux to understand. 'So you'll be their's instead?' Hux gestured to the door. 'You'll be the Resistance's lapdog, all because General Mummy and Criminal Daddy wanted you to come home?' Kylo scowled, and Hux felt a little thrill of victory at getting a reaction out of him. 'Why am I here?' Kylo swallowed. 'If I can come back, I was hoping-' Hux's laugh was bordeirng on hysterical. 'That I would join the Resistance, is that what you thought? That you could save me? That I would be like your precious FN-2187?' 'Finn,' Hux hears Kylo mutter. Hux rolled his eyes. 'Are you forgetting the things I've done? The things we've done? Do you really think the Resistance will welcome me with open arms after what happened to the Hosnian system?' Kylo shook his head. 'No, I don't. But I had a choice. Snoke may have manipulated me from childhood, but I still chose to go to him. You were raised in the First Order, you didn't get the chance to see any other way.' Hux scoffed loudly. 'I know my own mind well enough.' 'They're using you.' He was almost begging, something Hux had never thought Kylo Ren capable of. 'Once you're not of use to them anymore they'll throw you aside.' 'You don't know anything, the First Order look after their own. Stop being so damn dense, this isn't like you, Kylo.' Another flinch at hearing the name. 'This isn't you,' Hux continued, approaching him, 'whatever they've said, whatever they've done to convince you, it's all lies. They don't know you the way I do, dearest.' He reached up and cups Kylo's face in his hands, forcing the other man to look into his eyes. 'Remember what you told me, about how trapped you felt by your family, how the dark side gave you freedom. Remember what we were going to achieve.' He leaned and whispered in Kylo's ear. 'You and I, ruling all the galaxy side by side. Together, the way we're meant to be.' He brushed his lips against the shell of Kylo's ear, hearing the other man's breath hitch in response. 'We still can, it's not too late. If we escape now we can go back to the Supreme Leader and convince him that this was all a plan of ours, that you pretended to turn in order to learn their secrets. Then everything can go back to the way it's supposed to be.' Kylo pulled back. There were tears in his eyes. 'I love you.' Hux smiled. He knew he'd won. Kylo was his and they belonged together. 'I love you too.' The smile he gets in response is full of sadness. 'But I can't do that.' Hux stared at Kylo, his whole world shattering. It wasn't supposed to be like this. This can't be happening. He turned away to face the wall, he refused to let his feelings be shown to......to the enemy. 'Get out.' 'Hux, please-' 'I said get out, Ben, ' he sneered as he said the name. 'I'm not telling you anything and you won't convince me to join your pointless crusade.' Hux felt a warm hand on his shoulder, he stiffened. 'I love you,' it was quieter this time, choked with emotion. Hux swallowed, forcing down the tears that wanted to spill. He wouldn't show weakness, he wouldn't. Weakness was not permitted. 'I love Kylo Ren, and you've made it clear that you are not him. Leave.' The hand stayed there for several moments, a warm weight that Hux could feel testing his resolve. When it left Hux felt its absence like a wound. 'We'll speak again later. Just......please think about it.' Then the door closed and Hux was alone once more. If there had been anything to throw at the wall, Hux would have done it in a second. He wanted to scream, to rage, to break everything in this damn room apart. It was almost comical, really. He was the collected, in control one, Kylo was the one who had the tantrums. Kylo. Ben. Hux sank down onto the bed. He'd always had the Order, and then Kylo, and he always believed that would be it for his entire life and he was proud of that fact. Now he was in a filthy Resistance cell with no rescue in sight and with his own lover on the side of the loathsome terrorists. He had to get out of here, he had to take Ben -no, Kylo, dammit- back to the Supreme Leader. Then everything would be better again. It had to be. He needed it to be. Even as he thought it, Hux wished for the warmth of the hand on his shoulder again, the closeness of that one person in all the galaxy that every part of him called out for. Hux lay back down on the bunk, closed his eyes, and waited. Chapter 2 Summary: Ben gets some advice form an old friend and Hux goes through one of the most awkward meeting the parents sessions in history. Notes: Wow, I am just completely blown over by the positive response to this. Thank you so much to everyone who has read the fic, commented, left kudos. I will be continuing this, but as for whether there's gonna be a happy ending, well you're just gonna have to wait and see, won't you? Enjoy. Ben twisted the wrench, tightening the bolt on the side of the A-Wing he was working on. Ever since he’d come back working with his hands was one of the only things that calmed him down along with meditating. Each turn of the wrench sent the same refrain of thoughts running through his mind. Stupid Hux. Stupid, stubborn, blind, idiot. His hand slipped and hit the corner of the fighter, bending back one of his fingers painfully. Ben bit off a curse, stopping just short of kicking the toolkit that was on the floor next to him. Calm, he had to remember calm. ‘I’m guessing it didn’t go well then?’ Ben turned to see Poe Dameron leaning against the wall. The two had grown up together and spending time with the other boy had been some of Ben’s happiest memories. However the torture Poe had suffered at the hands of his childhood friend still hung over them both like a cloud. Some days they joked back and forth as if the last fifteen years never happened, and on others Ben couldn’t even look at Poe out of shame. Poe tossed over a cleaning rag, which Ben caught gratefully and started rubbing at the grease on his hands. ‘No, it didn’t go well. He wouldn’t tell me anything and he refused my offer.’ ‘Of course he did. Did you really think he’d swoon into your arms and renounce the First Order and their evil ways?’ Ben threw the rag back into Poe’s face. ‘No, but I hoped he might listen to what I had to say.’ Poe shrugged, folding and unfolding the rag a few times. ‘These things take time, Benny.’ Ben felt his lips quirk at the old nickname. ‘I mean you barely left your room for the first two weeks, and the only people you would talk to without snapping at were your parents.’ The pilot had a point. ‘I just wish I could make him see the truth about the First Order and realise that his skills would be better put to use helping the galaxy than, well...’ ‘Being an evil dictator?’ Poe supplied. ‘Not helping.’ ‘Ben...’ Poe sighed. ‘Are you sure he’s worth it? Are you sure he even can be saved?’ As much as it hurt, it was a fair question. Ben had asked himself a million variations on it since Hux had been captured. What if Hux truly was evil, what if what they had wasn’t love, just lust and a sick delusion fuelled by the dark side? But then he remembered the way Hux looked at him first thing in the morning, the openness in those light green eyes. The tender way he’d kiss Ben good morning. Every time Ben had a nightmare and Hux had held him until he’d fallen asleep again. There was also the rare moments where Hux would talk about himself, about his past being raised as the perfect officer in the name of the First Order. Ben had come to the realisation that it was brainwashing, pure and simple. Hux’s brilliant mind, his skill for strategy, was wasted in the First Order. He could be more than what the First Order made him. ‘I don’t know,’ Ben admitted, ‘but I believe it. Maybe it’s just wishful thinking, but it’s almost as if there’s something telling me that I can do this, that we can both be saved.’ He picked up the wrench he’d been using from where it had fallen, turning it over in his hands. ‘I probably sound crazy.’ ‘You do.’ Poe smirked. ‘And I know I don't have the Force or anything, but I have a gut feeling that maybe you’re right. Besides,’ he looked over Ben’s shoulder to the hanger entrance, ‘I know as well as anyone how crazy love can be sometimes.’ Ben turned to see his cousin Rey approaching with Finn, accompanied by BB-8. The little droid gave Ben a beep of greeting. ‘Finn, Rey,’ Ben nodded at them. Finn nodded and Rey smiled slightly, both still unsure of how to act around him. For Finn, Ben was still a reminder of the First Order, of the fear and the threat. Rey had accepted Ben as part of her family, but they rarely spoke without someone else in the room. ‘Your mother was looking for you,’ Rey said. ‘She’s in the command centre.’ Ben nodded in thanks before throwing the wrench back in the toolbox. As he got to the doorway he glanced back towards the trio. Rey was laughing at something Finn said, Poe standing behind her with his arms wrapped around her waist. They looked good together, happy. Ben ignored the twinge of pain in his chest and went to find his mother. Hux was pacing, running his hand along the blank wall of his cell. He estimated that it had been at least two days since he’d spoken to Ben, as much as he hated admitting it he knew that that’s who he was dealing with, and he was starting to grow restless. There was an air vent in the room, but the cover was sealed on. The sliding panel through which his food came and went was too small. He had nothing large enough to hit the door with, the bed being bolted to the wall and the floor. There had to be escape somewhere, he had to escape. Somewhere along the way Hux had shed his jacket and unfastened the top few buttons of his shirt. He knew he looked a mess. Every time he touched his face he could feel the sharp bristle of a beard coming through. For someone who prided himself on being put together at all times it was beginning to irritate him. He shoved down a memory of the consequences of being less than pristine in inspections as a child. The tell-tell sound of the door opening almost startled him. He’d thought about a million different things he could say to Ben to convince him to go back to the First Order. His heart in his mouth in both dread and anticipation, Hux turned to face the door. But it wasn’t Ben. ‘General,’ Hux nodded, stiffly. Leia Organa nodded in return. ‘General.’ Neither said anything, but both were opening examining the other. Hux was almost surprised at how small General Organa was, especially compared to her son. However what the woman lacked in height she made up for in an unmistakeable presence. He could feel himself unconsciously straightening his back, like he used to do around higher ranking officials before he was promoted. ‘We’re going to take a little walk.’ The door opened again and two Resistance soldiers came in, flanking their General. Organa gestured to the open doorway. ‘After you.’ Hux tried not to wince too much at the first natural light he’d experienced in some time. He was being marched in front of the soldiers, General Organa behind them, through some sort of stone courtyard in the middle of the base that was built into a temple. He couldn’t see enough of the landscape around him to figure out what planet he was on. When they were inside they took several twists and turns, possibly to prevent Hux from working out the layout of the base, before coming to a small office. Once inside Hux was sat down in a chair on one side of a large desk. It occurred to him that this was General Organa’s personal office, and he tried to take in details without being too obvious. There wasn’t much, it was fairly bare with the exception of a few datapads on the desk and a picture on the wall of a blue planet, which he realised was Alderaan. Once the soldiers were dismissed, General Organa sat down. ‘I’m surprised they let me come in here,’ Hux said at last. ‘Surely they wouldn’t want to risk the safety of the great Leia Organa of the Resistance by leaving her alone with a high ranking First Order officer.’ Amusement danced in General Organa’s eyes. ‘Young man, you are not going to try anything. For one thing it wouldn’t get you very far; you’re in the middle of the Resistance base. For another you have no means of attacking me besides your bare hands,’ she lifted the edge of her jacket slightly to show a small sidearm holster, ‘and I am armed. Finally, you don’t strike me as an utter idiot.’ Her gaze narrowed slightly. ‘I’ve survived much worse things than you.’ Hux could believe it easily. ‘So,’ she continued conversationally, ‘I have a question for you and I’m hoping you will answer it.’ ‘I must say General that your organisation’s tactics for prisoner interrogation leave a lot to be desired. In the First Order we don’t tend to employ the tactic of “asking nicely” with our prisoners.’ ‘No, you just torture them.’ General Organa folded her arms. ‘Are you in love with my son?’ Of all the possible questions, Hux hadn’t been expecting that one. ‘Excuse me?’ ‘Are you in love with my son?’ Hux licked his lips and held his head high. ‘No.’ ‘You’re not a very good liar, General.’ ‘Why are you asking me that?’ General Organa leaned forward. ‘Because even if I don’t entirely understand why yet, I know that my son loves you. He loves you enough that he is willing to risk a lot in his recovery by bringing you here. So I’m trying to understand why, like any good mother would.’ Hux couldn’t resist trying to bait her. ‘Do good mothers generally drive their sons away to become murderers?’ She didn’t take it. ‘You achieved the rank of General at a remarkably young age. In short, you probably know The First Order better than anyone. If you were able to give us information we would be able to turn the tide of this war within a matter of months.’ ‘Well then it’s a shame that I’m not going to tell you anything, isn’t it? And you can’t just keep me here like a pet, so sooner or later you’ll have to execute me. I’m not afraid of facing death if it would help the glory of the First Order continue.’ ‘I don’t want it to come to that.’ Hux thought she almost looked like she meant it. Hux snorted derisively. ‘Why?’ ‘Because it would break Ben’s heart.’ Hux pursed his lips. As much as he despised himself for the weakness, that did bother him a little. Whenever he and Kylo were separated by duties or one of the knight’s missions there was always a silent plea between them of “please come back, please don’t die on me”. In the months where he’d thought Kylo possibly dead it had felt as if there had been a limb missing. It had been a physical ache to carry around. Did he really wish that on Ben? But then he reminded himself that Ben wasn’t Kylo anymore, that he didn’t love Ben Organa-Solo. ‘Then so be it. What do I care? The First Order comes above all else.’ He straightened himself up, trying to appear as indifferent as possible. General Organa didn’t seem convinced. ‘Those sound like someone else’s words coming out of your mouth.’ She leaned forward across the desk. ‘You know what I think?’ Hux matched her pose mockingly. ‘Oh please, do tell.’ ‘I think that you’re afraid. I think that you don’t know how to function outside of the world you know and that you’ve been trained for your whole life. And I think it’s the same with Ben. You’re so fixated on how he’s changed you won’t let yourself see that the person you love is still there.’ She pressed a button under her desk and the two soldiers came back in. ‘Please escort General Hux back to his room.’ She turned back to Hux. ‘We’ll send some more clothes with your next meal.’ She picked up one of the datapads. Clearly the session was over. The soldiers took him on a different route through the base, Hux noted, but came out on the same inner courtyard. As he was marched through something at the other end caught his eye. Two figures wielding lightsabers, one blue and one green, moved in tandem through fighting forms. It was Ben and the scavenger girl, Hux realised. He’d seen Kylo train before, but there was something so.....well, beautiful about Ben in that moment. Hux stopped in his tracks. Ben flowed through the forms with smoothness, exuding an aura of perfect serenity that Hux could feel even from that distance. The moment was cut short by one of the soldiers tapping him with their blaster, encouraging him to get moving again. Hux risked one more look back before they went back inside. He thought that Ben met his eyes for the briefest of seconds, but he couldn’t be sure. Chapter 3 Summary: Hux is in turmoil, it seems that Ben is finding peace, and the boys kind of have a date. Please note: this chapter does make some vague references to the emotional and physical abuse of a child, along with brainwashing, but it is not explicit. Notes: I was planning on saving this till tomorrow, but I had a real writing zone today and decided to get this up as soon as it was ready, especially as it might be a few days before I can update again. Thanks for all the support, guys! Fun fact: Whilst editing this part I listened to the Silent Hill Downpour soundtrack. Inner turmoil? Guilt and people being haunted by their pasts? Seemed pretty fitting for what's going on with Hux here. Cold. So cold. The rain is pelting down. He’s been out here for a long time. He wants to go inside; he wants to go back to his warm room. The door isn’t locked; he could go in at any time. But he has to stay in the cold and the dark. He’s been bad, he made a mistake. So now he has to stay out here until he learns his lesson. So cold. Hux woke up with a jolt, sitting upright with a cry in his throat. It took a few moments to remember where he was. He brought a shaking hand to his face, feeling the wetness of his tears. He scrubbed at them aggressively. No tears. Tears were a weakness. Weakness was not permitted. The only thing permitted was utter loyalty. Loyalty was to the First Order above all else. The familiar mantra ran through his head, almost soothing him. He took deep breaths, repeating the words quietly to himself over and over. He scratched at his growing beard. He’d been unsuccessful in convincing anyone to give him a razor. They were afraid he would either attack someone or kill himself. Either option was nowhere near his mind; he just wanted to feel like a damn human again. There had been more sessions with General Organa since the last one. Most were spent in silence, Hux unwilling to give her any information concerning the First Order, her refusing to rise to any of his goading. He hadn’t seen Ben though. Whether that was because Ben was busy or if he’d just refused to see Hux, the General wasn’t sure. It didn't bother him. Really, it didn't. Hux shivered, the nightmare was still present at the corners of his mind. The planet he’d grown up on, an outpost in the Unknown Regions, had harsh weather to rival that on Starkiller Base. It was a common punishment to be left outside and instructed to stand there until his father came to collect him. On some occasions he had stood out there in the rain or the snow the entire day. It was to teach him discipline, his father always told him, to stand outside the door but to have the fortitude to not come rushing in for shelter. He had tried to sneak back inside a couple of times, but the punishment for that had been swift and brutal; Hux still had the scars. It was all in the name of making him stronger, making him a better future leader of the First Order. Commandant Brendol Hux Senoir had been a formidable man. As tall as Hux the younger had grown, his father had always seemed to tower over him. He had a harsh, sharp, face, piercing eyes, and the ability to command utter respect as the pioneer of the Stormtrooper conditioning program, perfecting it over the years to create the best possible warriors to fight for their Supreme Leader. He’d brought the same meticulous training to raising his son, making the child study battle strategy manuals as soon as he was able to read, putting him through physical test after physical test to wean out any possible imperfection, preaching day and night about how his son’s destiny was to lead and to rule the galaxy. Hux remembered the dark room, the educational holovids, designed to focus his mind on his future and ensure that his life was for the First Order and the First Order only. But where was the First Order now? They weren’t coming for him. Despite his utter dedication, despite the victories he had claimed, he was now abandoned, lost. Hux shook himself mentally for such a treacherous thought. Of course there was one area where he had put something else above his allegiance to the First Order: his affair with Kylo Ren. Hux had justified sleeping together by using the logic that as they both worked directly for the Supreme Leader, it was only natural that they form some sort of bond. Later when they admitted the depth of their feelings he told himself that he and Kylo would one day rule together, that they would be the masters of the galaxy, leaving a legacy of order that would last forever. It was their destiny. Now look at where that had gotten him. Hux lay back down. Looking up at the dark ceiling he felt another treachery rising in his mind and heart. He wished he could see Ben. The sabers clashed, neither wielder gaining the upper hand. Ben disengaged from Rey, stepping back and circling around. His uncle Luke stood some distance away, watching his students with a critical eye. His father was standing next to Luke, arms crossed, watching the sparring with interest. Ben readjusted his focus as Rey lunged high towards him. He side-stepped it easily. She needed to stop wielding her lightsaber like it was her quarterstaff. As good as she was getting with her saber forms she tended to fall back on instinct when sparring. He swiped low, then changing direction at the last second, forcing her off balance in order to block his blow. Rey hit the ground with a soft “oof”, lightsaber flying to the side and deactivating as it landed. ‘Enough.’ Luke approached, offering Rey a hand to help her up. She didn’t take it, pulling herself up instead and calling the lightsaber to her and placing it back on her belt. Ben deactivated the lightsaber he had been using and handed it back to Luke. His uncle had said was a matter of not having the time to seek out the crystals to make new lightsabers, Rey was using their grandfather’s, but also Ben himself felt like he hadn’t earned the right to make a new lightsaber for himself. ‘Ben, you’re doing well but your mind was wandering. You also left too many openings. Rey, you keep going high, even when you should go low. I want you both to practise the Form Five katas before tomorrow.’ ‘Yes master,’ Ben bowed his head slightly. Rey followed suit, making her way over to the side of the makeshift ring where Finn waited for her with a water bottle. Ben went to leave, but was stopped by Luke’s raised hand. ‘Just a moment, Ben.’ ‘Yes?’ ‘How are you feeling?’ Ben pondered it over. ‘Better. The nightmares have lessened. Our meditation sessions have helped a lot and I think the shielding you taught me is working, I haven’t felt Snoke’s presence at all.’ Luke smiled. ‘Good. I know you’re afraid of him finding you, but I promise we’re all here to help you.’ ‘I know, thank you Uncle.’ Luke patted him on the arm before letting him go. Ben walked over to where his father was standing. ‘Gotta say, kiddo, that looked pretty good out there.’ ‘Thanks. Rey is getting along well though.’ ‘Still, it’s good to see you enjoying your training.’ Han was clearly thinking of the times when Ben left home for training and it had been almost a fight to get him on the shuttle. Ben could sense his father’s regret for not handling the situation better. ‘You going to see General Ginger again?’ Han asked, handing Ben a towel. Ben glared at him, but with no heat in it. He’s really come a long way since he arrived on the base. He was still in so much torment from the conflict in his soul. His control had been next to nothing and it had taken time to focus again. ‘Yes, I’m going to see him now. Mother says she hasn’t been getting anywhere with him and she’s hoping I might be able to get through to him now.’ Han nodded. ‘I’m not sure I understand what you see in him, but good luck.’ Ben smiled and watched as his father walked away. It was moments like this that reassured him that he’d made the right choice. Hux was still lying on the bed. He’d hadn’t been able to get back to sleep after the nightmare. He’d tried exercising, examining the cell for possible escape again, anything he could think of to occupy his time, but nothing worked and he was still tense and on edge. The door opened. Hux looked up to see Ben carrying two meal trays. ‘I thought you might be hungry.’ He said it so casually, as if it hasn’t been almost two weeks (by Hux’s guessing) since they last spoke. Hux shrugged, trying to be as casual as Ben. ‘I could eat.’ Ben brought the trays over to Hux on the bed, who moved to make space. They ate in silence for several moments, Hux struggling to think of something to say. ‘How is your training?’ Hux asked at last. Ben looked up, surprised. ‘I saw you once. You were training with the scavenger girl.’ ‘Rey,’ Ben supplied. ‘It’s going well. I’m calmer now, my focus is getting better.’ ‘So no more outbursts?’ ‘A few,’ Ben admits, ‘but one of those times involved playing my father at Sabaac so is completely excusable.’ Hux laughed despite himself, and Ben chuckled along. There’s a peace to Ben’s face, a relaxed look that Hux can’t recall seeing before. ‘Ben.’ Ben looked surprised at Hux’s use of the name. ‘Yes?’ ‘Are you....’ Hux isn’t sure how to word it. ‘Are you happy? Are you happier here?’ Ben looked off into the distance, to something Hux can’t see. ‘Yes,’ Ben said at last. ‘I’m happy. I’ve wasted so much time. I still feel the darkness, but it’s easier. I’m not in pain anymore.’ The pain, Hux knew about the pain. It was something that had haunted Kylo Ren for as long as the General had known him. He could remember the screams that would wake him and the sight of Kylo curled in on himself as if physically injured. Hux would grip onto Kylo until the other man was able to relax again. To hear that his lover was finally free of it should bring him joy, but he had achieved it by embracing the light side and everything Hux was supposed to hate. Hux swallowed the lump in his throat. ‘I’m glad.’ He meant it. Ben reached over and took Hux’s hand tentatively. Hux had always loved the other man’s hands. They were large, and rough from years of training, but the touch was always tender and warm as they slid over Hux’s skin. ‘The only thing,’ Ben’s voice is uncertain, ‘that would make it complete would be if I had you with me.’ Just like that the wall that Hux had been building around his heart cracked, and he let the tears fall at last with a painful sob. Ben pushed the trays aside and moved closer to Hux, wrapping one of his arms around him. Hux leaned into the warmth, pressing his face into Ben’s shoulder. The frozen feeling that had been with him since he woke up was fading, replaced by the sweet warmth and strength of Ben’s presence. With barely a thought to what he was doing, Hux pressed his lips to Ben’s. It was almost like a first kiss, so uncertain. Both men held back slightly, moving slowly and carefully, as if wary that the other man would break away and run at any moment. Hux ran his hand up Ben’s chest. His shirt was slightly damp, probably from a shower after working out. He stroked at Ben’s neck before moving his hand into the hair. The tie holding the bun in place was ripped free and Hux ran his fingers through the dark tresses. The kiss intensified, Ben slipping his tongue into Hux’s open mouth. Hux whimpered, tightening his grip in Ben’s hair. Ben’s arms pulled in at Hux’s waist, bringing them as close together as possible. The tight feeling in Hux’s chest was loosening with every second. It felt wonderful, perfect. Loyalty was to the First Order above all else. Hux broke away, panting slightly. ‘Are you alright?’ Ben’s hand came up to Hux’s cheek. Hux shook his head. ‘Can we just sit like this? Just for a while? Please?’ Ben’s eyes were sad, but he nodded. He shifted so that Hux could lay his head on Ben’s shoulder. Hux closed his eyes. Here, now, he finally felt at ease. Chapter 4 Summary: Ben and Hux's relationship develops and Hux comes to a decision. They spent more time together after that. Any time that Ben wasn’t training or doing something else he visited Hux in the cell. Sometimes they talked, although Ben never pushed Hux to inform on the First Order, instead opting to talk about growing up and happier times before he fell under Snoke’s influence or things that had happened to him that day. However most of the time they sat in silence, holding hands or leaning on each other. ‘The beard suits you,’ said Ben one day. ‘I despise it.’ Hux ran his hand across it. It was getting thicker. ‘Your hair is getting longer too.’ Hux just grimaced. Ben chuckled and pressed his lips to Hux’s temple. ‘Tell me something.’ ‘Like what?’ asked Hux. ‘I don’t know. Something you’ve never told me before.’ Hux paused, considering it. ‘Did I ever tell you that Hux was my mother’s last name?’ ‘Really?’ ‘Her family were very influential in the old Empire and their marriage was a political one, it was to his advantage to take her name.’ ‘Huh,’ Ben said. ‘What was she like, your mother?’ ‘To be honest I don’t really remember her, she died when I was seven.’ ‘I’m sorry.’ Hux shrugged. ‘It was a long time ago.’ Ben said nothing, instead running his fingers through Hux’s longer hair. Hux turned his face into Ben’s hand. ‘Do you need to go?’ Ben nodded. ‘I can be spared a few more minutes.’ He tilted Hux’s face up and kissed him lightly. Hux closed his eyes, relishing in the feeling of Ben’s lips and warm breath on his face. It was almost enough to make him forget about the clawing feeling in the pit of his stomach. Despite how much he had come to treasure those moments with Ben, Hux’s nightmares were getting worse. Mostly they were of more and more twisted versions of his childhood, the dark and the never ending “lessons” to mould him as his father wanted. Once or twice he’d dreamed of the Hosnian system, of what it might have been like to see an all-consuming fiery death coming and unable to do anything about it. Every time he’d wake up wanting to vomit, wanting to get every thought, every memory out of his head. He could feel his resolve crumbling and he wondered if it would be better to join Ben, to leave the Order behind him, but then his father’s voice would rear up in his mind. Traitors deserve worse than death. The enemies of the First Order must be crushed. You exist for the First Order. Without the First Order you are nothing. You will do this. You will lead and wipe out the Republic. Every breath, every second you live, is for the Order’s glory. Hux went over to the sink and splashed his face with water. There was no mirror, but the metal above the sink was reflective enough to give him a slightly distorted look at his face. The man looking back at him was almost unrecognisable, especially with the beard. What would his father say if he saw him? At that thought Hux actually did vomit. Ben took a deep breath, letting the Force flow. He could feel Rey and his uncle Luke training together, both bright beacons in the Force. Then there was his mother in the command centre, equally bright. Although she had never trained as a Jedi, his mother was no less strong in her abilities or her control. Then there were those familiar to him; his father, Chewie, Poe, and Hux in his cell. He could feel anguish and fear from the other man, but resisted searching any further. He’d made himself a promise when he’d returned that he wouldn’t enter another’s mind without cause, but there were times when Hux would get a blank, broken, look in his eyes and it was all Ben could do not to reach out and find what was troubling his lover. Widening his focus Ben could feel all those on the base, going about their business with only the slightest shadow of fear of the First Order hanging over them. There was something else, hanging just outside the scope of Ben’s perception: the darkness. Ben wasn’t a fool, he knew that Snoke wouldn’t let him go so easily. There was also the worry that if he couldn’t bring Ben back into the fold Snoke might go after Rey, and Ben hated the thought of his cousin being manipulated as he was. His own inner battle was far from over, there was still a part of him that called to go back, told him that it would be so easy to go back to Snoke. But then he would feel his mother’s calming presence, train with his uncle and cousin, or hear about another First Order attack on innocent civilians, and he would be able to ground himself back in the light. Ben sighed in frustration, opening his eyes and looking around the inner courtyard. The new base was on a small forest world, Emella, which had ruins not too different from the ones where the Rebels made their base on Yavin 4. The courtyard had become Ben’s favourite place to train, full of plants and the feeling of the living Force. He could feel a light press in his mind, his mother was calling him. Making his way to meet her he passed various pilots and personnel. A few nodded politely, but most glanced at him with worry and quickened their pace. Ben understood their fear; it would take time to change minds. His mother was waiting for him. ‘How was the meeting?’ ‘Fine,’ she answered. ‘Poe’s latest scouting group found a possible First Order outpost on Ramir that we might need to keep an eye on. If it turns out to be a permanent outpost we may need to move on sooner than expected.’ ‘Anything I can do?’ ‘Any reason why Ramir might be of interest to the Order?’ ‘Mining most likely.’ Ben hesitated. ‘I can try asking Hux if he’d have any better idea, but-’ ‘Still no luck with him, then?’ Ben sighed. ‘No. Sometimes I think yes, but then he gets this look and pushes me away. But I don’t want to give up on him, not yet.’ ‘Good.’ That surprised Ben; he was half expecting her to say that Hux was a lost cause. ‘These things aren’t easy, but if you believe he’s worth saving I’m willing to support you.’ ‘Thank you. Actually, I was thinking. Maybe it would be a good idea to get him out of that room. I mean, without armed guard.’ His mother considered this. ‘Alright, it’s possible that it’ll help him open up to us. But I want you to be careful. Until we can be certain that we can trust him I don’t want him seeing too much of the base.’ Ben nodded. ‘I understand.’ An aide approached. ‘General, Admiral Ackbar needs you to look over something.’ ‘I’ll be right there.’ She turned back to Ben. ‘I’ll talk to you later.’ As he turned to watch his mother go, Ben hoped his idea would work. Hux was, unsurprisingly, lying on the bed when Ben came in to his cell. ‘To what do I owe this pleasure?’ ‘Well as stimulating as your current surroundings are, I thought you might need to stretch your legs.’ Ben stood to the side and gestured to the open door. It was dusk, and the base was quiet. Occasionally Ben would point out something in the walls of the ruins, but otherwise they walked in silence. The route Ben was leading Hux seemed to be a back way to the upper levels, passing only a small hanger and a couple of mechanics talking about the possible First Order presence on Ramir before going up some stone steps that were crumbling slightly. ‘Here.’ Ben stopped them at an alcove that was open to the outside. Below them were the larger part of the ruins, and then the forest and snow covered mountain beyond. The orange-purple light of the sunset made the mountain look like it was on fire. ‘It’s quite a nice view,’ Hux admitted. He hadn’t gotten to see much of many planets in his time serving. Only snatches here and there between long stretches of time spent either indoors or on a ship. He thought about that moment, of just the two of them looking out at that view, side by side, in a way he never would have fathomed before. He slipped his hand into Ben’s. It felt almost normal, as if they were any two lovers rather than a recently reformed Jedi and a First Order General. ‘Ben?’ Ben hummed in response, eyes still fixed on the horizon. ‘Do you ever think about what it would have been like if we’d lived different lives? If we’d met in a galaxy that wasn’t in a constant state of war?’ Ben’s grip on Hux’s fingers tightened. ‘Every day. But wishing things were different doesn’t change there here and now, the only way you can go is forward.’ ‘How very Jedi-like of you,’ teased Hux. Ben snorted. ‘I think you’re forgetting that I’m a terrible Jedi.’ He brought their lips together, raising his free hand to Hux’s shoulder. They stayed like that for some time, exchanging soft kisses until the daylight had faded and the first of the stars appeared in the sky. Finally Hux broke off, staring intently into Ben’s eyes. ‘Tomorrow I want to speak to General Organa. I’m ready to inform on the First Order.’ ‘Really?’ Hux nodded. Ben’s smile was so sudden and overwhelming that it caught Hux completely off-guard, as did the kiss that followed. It seemed to be full of all the elation, joy and hope that Ben had been building for weeks. Hux returned the kiss eagerly. ‘You know,’ Ben brought his lips in close to Hux’s ear, ‘my quarters aren’t that far from here.’ Hux gasped as he awoke, biting off the yell before it could wake his bedmate. It took a few moments for him to get his breathing under control. A sleepy murmur came from behind him and an arm slid along his waist, but after a moment there was nothing but stillness and the warm puffs of breath on the back of his neck. Staring into the darkness, Hux thought it over, turning through the possibilities in his mind. Then he decided. He couldn’t do this. Carefully he extracted his limbs from Ben’s and slid out of the bed. It seemed that Ben had become a much heavier sleeper since returning. Hux risked a look back at the other man. Ben was lying on his side, slightly curled up from where he had been holding Hux against his chest. His hair was a wild mess, strewn about the pillow. Hux reached out and gently, carefully, brushed one of the strands away from Ben’s face. Ben frowned in his sleep, but then relaxed again. He looked so perfect like this, Hux thought. He closed his eyes tightly. No tears. No tears. He got up, quietly retrieved his clothes, and put them on. White knuckled hands gripped the doorway as Hux looked back at the sleeping figure. ‘I love you, Ben. I’m sorry.’ The First Order station on the planet Ramir was a small one. So far the mining operations were yielding little to no worthwhile results and the local wildlife were becoming more and more hostile to the Order’s presence. A lone shuttle approached the base. ‘Shuttle, this is First Order base Ramir-1, state your business or we will fire upon you.’ ‘This is General Brendol Hux, clearance A79JX552, requesting permission to land. I have escaped Resistance custody.’ Chapter 5 Summary: Hux is brought before Supreme Leader Snoke Notes: Hello my dears. Sorry I gave you all a bit of a scare with the last chapter (I couldn't resist the cliffhanger), hope this one is more to your liking. Thanks for all your support. Sleek metal lines. Efficiency. Working towards the grand plan. Even as small as Ramir-1 was, it was still part of the First Order, and it was enough to calm Hux’s mind. He stared into the mirror. They had been able to find him a spare officer’s uniform in his size, scissors and a razor. The face looking back at him was composed, clean, shaven, put together. He finally looked like himself again. He tried to ignore the shadow that he could see in his own eyes, the thing that looked like regret and called out that this was wrong, wrong, wrong. No. This was how it was meant to be. He was part of the First Order, mind, body and soul. Whatever was between him and Be-Kylo Ren didn’t matter. All that mattered was serving the Order. Hux straightened his collar and left the room. Outside was Lieutenant Holloway, a recently promoted officer with, if what Hux had heard was true, something of a streak of sadism in him. Still, as long as he got Hux back to where he belonged then Hux was willing to endure his company. Holloway saluted. ‘General, I trust you rested well.’ Hux nodded. ‘Yes.’ Holloway seemed to be expecting him to say more, but when Hux didn’t continue he started to lead the way down the corridor. ‘We’ve set up our briefing room for your communication with the Supreme Leader. I must confess, General, that it was widely believed that you were dead. How were you able to escape from Resistance custody?’ ‘Their base had a small hanger that was less heavily staffed than others. I was left....unattended and was able to dispose of the workmen and commandeer a shuttle.’ He’d taken the two mechanics by surprise and knocked them out fairly easily. He’d hoped to sneak off completely unnoticed, give himself more time before the chance window of opportunity closed and the Resistance were alerted to his escape. As they approached the briefing room they were approached by a small assembly of Stormtroopers, led by their Captain. ‘Captain Phasma.’ Hux tilted his head in greeting. ‘General. I was assigned to retrieve you following your audience with the Supreme Leader. It is good to see you alive and well again.’ Phasma wasn’t the most open of people, even amongst Stormtrooper captains, but she and Hux had always worked well together. He gave her a tight smile in return. The briefing room wasn’t overly large, but the hologram of Supreme Leader Snoke still filled it to the ceiling. Hux approached and bowed his head before standing at ease. To his slight surprise Phasma and Holloway took places behind him. As he looked up at the hologram of the Supreme Leader, Hux felt something he never had in any of his audiences with the nonhuman being before: dread. It gripped at his chest and told him to run, but he ignored it. ‘Supreme Leader.’ ‘General Hux, what a pleasant surprise. After your capture many had feared that you were no longer amongst the living, but clearly they underestimated your survival instincts. You truly are a credit to your station.’ ‘Thank you, Supreme Leader. I am eager to get back to my work.’ A smile spread across Snoke’s face slowly, causing Hux to swallow in order to suppress a shudder. ‘Of course. Although first there is the little matter of any information you might have obtained during your imprisonment.’ ‘I-of course, Supreme Leader. I will tell you anything I am able to.’ ‘Yes you will. I’m sure you will tell us everything before your execution.’ Hux’s blood ran cold. ‘Execution?’ ‘Oh yes. I’m afraid it has been a long time coming. It would have been carried out as a result of your failure at Starkiller Base, but the “capture” of Kylo Ren changed things.’ Hux clasped his hands tightly behind his back to stop the shaking. ‘Despite how careful you might have believed you were being I was always well aware of your delusional infatuation with Kylo Ren. I thought this would make you the perfect hunting hound for retrieving our missing knight, but it would seem that in this too you have proved a disappointment.’ ‘Supreme Leader, I assure you-’ ‘I know that Kylo Ren is with the Resistance, but his presence is hidden from me. When you tell us where the Resistance is I will be able to bring him back to the fold.’ Hux’s heart was in his throat. ‘Of course, maybe an execution would be a waste. After all, your father put so much work into you and there are still ways you can be useful to me. Perhaps a more vigorous conditioning process with the aid the Force will be required. Drain your weaknesses to leave nothing but the dedicated general you were supposed to be. Then if Kylo Ren should prove difficult I will have you dispose of him yourself.’ Nightmarish images filled his mind at Snoke’s mocking. He saw himself, but not himself, an empty husk little more than a puppet, completely mindless to anything other than Snoke’s wishes. He saw himself blankly staring down as he shot Ben in the head. ‘No, no,’ Hux’s voice came out as little more than a pleading croak. ‘You cannot do this. You cannot take my mind from me.’ ‘My dear, dear, General, your mind was never yours to begin with. You have always belonged to the First Order, and thus to me. You and Kylo Ren both belong to me.’ Something snapped within Hux. He felt everything, all the pain, the fear, every second of “teaching” and “correction” that he had been put through as a child. He finally saw it for what it truly was; saw the creature that he had been serving for what he truly was. Monstrous. ‘No.’ Snoke’s face twisted from mocking scorn to pure anger and fury. ‘I'm afraid that you do not get a choice in this matter.’ Then there was a sharp hit to the back of Hux’s head and all he knew was darkness. He woke up in a cell, and even though the throbbing pain in his head Hux had a stray thought along the lines of “not again”. ‘You’re awake.’ Hux whipped his head to see Phasma standing on the other side of the room, helmet off. He had seen her face many times, but Hux was always thrown off by the sheer savage beauty that Phasma possessed. ‘How long was I out?’ ‘Not long, only half an hour. Holloway did a mediocre job.’ Trust a Stormtrooper captain to criticise someone’s technique in rendering someone unconscious. ‘Has Kylo Ren truly betrayed the Order?’ There was nothing like the woman’s bluntness in difficult situations. ‘Kylo Ren has renounced the dark side and has joined the Resistance, yes.’ ‘And you?’ ‘I......don’t know.’ ‘The Supreme Leader has decreed that you are guilty of high treason and are to be interrogation. You are no longer a General of the First Order.’ Phasma’s clipped tone made it sound so clinical, as if Hux’s torture was almost a banal topic. Hux let out a hollow laugh. As if titles and rank mattered anymore. ‘And if they decide to execute me? Will you be the one to do it, Phasma?’ A pause. Hux could see Phasma’s jaw tighten as she clenched her teeth. ‘I have not been assigned to as yet.’ ‘Why are you in here, Phasma?’ ‘I am trying to understand what makes a dedicated officer turn his back on the cause that was once his life.’ ‘I wasn’t mine, not really.’ Another pause as Phasma seemed to look at him, really look at him. After a moment she nodded slightly and put her helmet back on. ‘I suggest you get some rest, General. You will be transported to the Supreme Leader’s citadel in twelve hours.’ ‘I thought I wasn’t a General anymore.’ Phasma said nothing, turned, and left, leaving Hux alone once more. He lay back down on the hard bunk, his vision blurring. So this was to be his fate, tortured by a madman and then probably executed by the organization he had been bred to serve. At least this was truly his choice. He wouldn’t tell Snoke where Ben was. He would keep Ben safe, if only for a little longer. Ben. Ben I’m sorry. As he curled up on the bunk Hux almost thought he could feel Ben there with him, feel that warmth the knight always seemed to radiate. Just as soon as he thought it was there it was gone. Probably nothing more than a wishful fancy. Hux closed his eyes and tried to sleep. Twelve hours passed in next to no time at all. The door opened and Lieutenant Holloway appeared with two Stormtroopers. ‘Time to go, Hux.’ The troopers cuffed him and dragged him out into the corridor. ‘It is such a shame that you’ll be leaving us so soon, I had some new interrogation methods I was most eager to try.’ Holloway could barely keep the mocking delight out of his voice. ‘However the Supreme Leader wants to deal with your questioning personally.’ Hux said nothing. He wasn’t going to give this cretin of a man the satisfaction. ‘I’ve heard of some of the things that can be done with the Force concerning pain,’ Holloway continued. ‘Make a person suffer agonies, feel as though their skin is burning, all without a single physical mark on them. It can also be used to keep a subject alive almost indefinitely, or so I’ve heard, and I’m sure the Supreme Leader will keep you alive for as long as possible so you can feel every second of it.’ Hux continued to walk in silence. He could see Holloway out of the corner of his eye getting more and more irritated. ‘After the Supreme Leader is done with you all mention of you will be wiped from the records of the First Order. Your name and that of your father’s will forever be condemned and spat upon by generations.’ Hux hummed with disinterest. Holloway grabbed him roughly by the front of his shirt and slammed him into the wall. Hux cried out with a sharp gasp as his head hit the metal. He could see the two Stormtroopers exchange a look, but ultimately stay where they were. ‘You’re an arrogant bastard till the end, Hux,’ Holloway hissed, moving to grip Hux’s throat in a stranglehold. ‘You think you’re better than the rest of us.’ ‘Well it’s hardly difficult to be better than you.’ Hux managed to choke out. ‘You haven’t achieved anything, traitor.’ Hux squirmed as the leather clad fingers tightened, cutting off air. ‘You will be-’ Suddenly alarms sounded, blaring into life. Holloway threw Hux to the ground as another officer approached. ‘What the Hell is going on?’ ‘Sir, we are under attack, both aerial and from intruders.’ A distant explosion could be heard. ‘They’ve already destroyed the landing pad and half of the main guns.’ Another explosion, but it was closer this time. ‘Who is it?’ ‘Sir, we have confirmation that it’s the M-’ The next explosion ripped a hole in the wall, throwing Holloway, the officer, Hux, and the Stormtroopers across the corridor. Hux forced himself onto his knees to see what was going on, ignoring the aching throb in his throat from Holloway’s grip. ‘I told you my aim was getting better.’ ‘Well you nearly killed us all so well done on that one, Poe.’ ‘Quick, both of you, we need- Hux!’ Hux had never been so happy to see Ben Organa-Solo in all his life. Chapter 6 Summary: A thrilling escape!!! Notes: Things are getting exciting. I see there maybe being one, possibly two chapters and an epilogue still in this story. Enjoy!! ‘Hux!’ Hux dragged himself to his feet, almost stumbling into Ben’s arms in the process. Ben hugged him tightly, as if reluctant to let go. ‘You’re alright.’ Ben pulled back and gripped Hux by the shoulders at arm’s length. ‘What the Hell did you think you were doing?’ ‘Look, I know there needs to be a dramatic reunion, but I’m pretty sure we’re not gonna be alone for much longer.’ Poe was looking up and down the corridor frantically. Ben nodded, but kept his eyes on Hux. ‘You’re right, we need to get back to the Falcon.’ With a wave of Ben’s hand the shackles around Hux’s wrists fell to the floor. Hux grabbed the blaster of one of the fallen Stormtroopers and followed behind Ben, Poe and Finn taking up the rear should anyone come up behind them. The base was in chaos. Whatever Rey, Chewie, and his father were doing in the Falcon was working. The ran down corridor after corridor, punctuated by the occasional appearance of blasting Stormtroopers that had to be dealt with. Ben pulled the lightsaber of Anakin Skywalker from his belt. Rey had insisted he take it, saying she would be more use to them in the sky than in the base. He deflected back bolts with ease, letting Hux, Poe, and Finn cover him. ‘There should be an access door to the outside up ahead,’ yelled Finn, shooting a trooper that had just come round the corner. They came to a T shaped junction. ‘You were saying,’ said Ben. He raised the commlink to his lips. ‘Come in Falcon.’ There was a burst of static, followed by some crashing. Finally Rey’s frantic voice came through. ‘Where are you?’ ‘We’re a little lost, can you make us an exit.’ ‘We can try,’ Rey’s voice crackled over the comm, ‘but they’re not too happy with us.’ Chewbacca’s howling could be heard in the background. ‘Head north and we’ll see what we can do.’ The line went silent. They ran, twisting through the base. Following the sound of destruction seemed to be the best course of action at the moment. They went through a set of large blast doors into the main mining facility, a cavernous room where hundreds of droids worked to process Ramir’s natural resources. There was a group of heavy troopers waiting for them with rapid-fire blasters. ‘Take cover,’ yelled Finn, pulling Poe with him behind one of the larger machines. Ben grabbed Hux and did similar, ending up across from Poe and Finn separated by a chasm of blaster fire. Ben risked a glance around the corner, darting back quickly when then shooting began again. ‘Ben, I’m sorry.’ Hux’s voice made Ben turn. ‘I’m sorry I left. I just needed you to know that if-’ Ben surged forward and captured Hux’s lips with his own. The kiss was quick but intense. ‘We’re going to be fine. Even if we’re not I’d still do this a hundred more times because you’re worth it, Hux. You’re worth it.’ Another kiss and Ben turned back to face Poe and Finn. He signalled for them to wait before taking a deep breath. He drew upon everything his Uncle Luke had taught him, pulling the Force around himself and stepping out to meet the troopers. They fired immediately, dozens of bolts in a matter of seconds. Ben raised his hands and all stopped, hanging in midair with a strange, flickering, light. Ben held them steady, face twitching slightly in concentration. Once it had taken him months to master enough power to stop a single blaster bolt, he had the scars as a testament to that. Now he could feel the steady power of the Force stopping all of the bolts with relative ease. This was the true advantage of the light side; power wielded in the name of protection was far greater than power wielded for selfish gain. He exhaled and pushed in the Force, sending the bolts back and mowing down the Stormtroopers. ‘Let’s go.’ He signalled for the others, Poe staring with slight shock. ‘I suggest that you don’t move.’ Captain Phasma stood behind them, flanked by two of her own Stormtroopers, their rifles raised. Finn immediately took aim. ‘Wait!’ Hux threw up a hand. He stepped forward slowly. ‘Phasma, please, let us go.’ The others all looked at him as if he was insane. ‘And why would I do that?’ ‘Because you know, you know that this Order doesn’t work.’ Phasma didn’t move. ‘It’s a shame,’ she stated in her clipped, precise voice. Hux raised his own gun. ‘I don’t want to do this, Phasma.’ ‘It’s a shame that I wasn’t able to apprehend Kylo Ren or the former General Hux, nor their Resistance allies.’ They all relaxed, although Fin kept a wary eye on the captain. ‘They’ll know you helped us. You could come with us,’ Ben offers. Phasma shook her head. ‘No. I’ll hold them off for you, but my place is not with the Resistance.’ She glanced over at Finn, who stiffened. She gave him a short nod. ‘Go.’ ‘Thank you.’ Ben led Hux, Poe and Finn away as Phasma turned to face the doorway, directing her troopers to pick up the rapid-fire blasters. ‘Rey, where are you?’ Ben shouted into the comm. As if in answer a hole blew in the wall, causing the group to skid to a halt. The Millennium Falcon landed in the immense facility, a few marks of blaster fire around the body, but no massive damage. As soon as the ship was open they sprinted for it. In their haste to get on the ship, Ben didn’t see a bloody and battered Holloway stumbling out of a side door and raising his blaster to fire at Ben. But Hux did. The shot hit Hux in the side, sending him flying to the ground. ‘Hux!’ Ben’s scream cut through the air. He lifted Holloway up, the man grasping for the invisible hand at his throat. ‘Ben.’ Poe helped get Hux onto Finn’s shoulders and the ex-Stormtrooper carried the taller ex-General onto the ship. Ben ignored him, instead tightening his grip through the Force. He could do this, he could wipe out this pathetic life form. Then he felt Poe’s hand on his shoulder. ‘Ben, please, don’t do this. We need to go.’ Poe’s voice was soft, but it got through. This was the way back to the dark side. Ben released Holloway into a gasping heap on the floor and followed Poe onto the ship. Poe hit the door closed as soon as they were through. ‘Rey, Han, we’re on, get us out of here.’ Finn had laid Hux out on the bed and was digging through the med kit. Hux was gripping his side and cursing under his breath. Ben ran over and examined the wound. It was bleeding heavily. ‘Poe,’ Ben’s father ran through on his way to join Rey in the cockpit, ‘get your ass in the guns and help Chewie, our friends are throwing us a farewell party.’ He glanced at Ben. ‘We’ll get General Ginger back to base and patched up in no time.’ He left, muttering, ‘that’s if we get to base in one piece ourselves’. A sudden jolt of the ship had Hux yelling in pain. Ben reached over and gripped his hand. ‘Finn, what do you need?’ Finn looked started for a moment, as if not quite believing that the former knight of Ren was asking him for instruction, but he quickly snapped out of it. ‘I’m not a medic, but if you keep him calm and hold him down while I bandage his side that should be enough until we get back to base.’ Ben placed his free hand on Hux’s forehead and shifted to give Finn more room to work with. ‘Hux, just stay with me, alright? We’ll be out of here soon and then you can go back to being your usual venomous self.’ Hux laughed, but then grimaced in pain. ‘Y.....you’re an idiot.’ ‘That’s the spirit.’ Hux gripped Ben’s fingers tighter as Finn pressed the bandage against the wound. The ship shook with whatever slightly impossible manoeuvre Rey and his father were doing. Ben wasn’t entirely sure what was happening but, judging from the occasional cheer of joy coming from the gunner seats that could only be Poe, they might get out of this alive. ‘Ben.’ That wasn’t good, Hux’s voice sounded weak. ‘Ben, what you said before- ARGH!’ Hux arched his back as he screamed. Ben pressed lightly on his shoulders to get him back down in the bed. ‘Hey, shhhhh. You’re alright, you’re going to be alright.’ Hux shook his head, flinching at the movement. ‘I just need to tell you......that you’re the one who’s worth it, you always have been........ You saved me, Ben, thank you.’ Ben leaned down and pressed a slow, sweet kiss to Hux’s lips. ‘You saved yourself too, Hux.’ When he pulled back Hux’s eyes were closed. For a moment Ben panicked, but a brief touch of the Force told him that Hux was alive, just unconscious. Finn wiped the blood off his hands, looking over the bandage he’d placed. ‘He should be okay now.’ ‘Thank you Finn,’ Ben reached out and clumsily put a hand on the other man’s arm gratefully. Rey ran into the room and stopped with a skid. ‘We’re away, we just went into hyperspace. We also might have blown a multiple holes in the side of their base.’ She grinned as Fin ran over to her, picked her up and twirled her around. Poe appeared and wrapped both of them into a fierce hug. Ben slumped in relief, resting his head on the edge of the bed. ‘Hey, you okay?’ Ben looked up to see his father watching him. ‘Yeah,’ Ben said after a moment. ‘Yeah, I think we are.’ Chapter 7 Notes: Well here we have it, the final chapter of No Going Back. Well maybe, there's always chance of an epilogue. I'm also definitely gonna go through and just give everything an extra edit, tighten up some areas. So I'm possibly not done JUST yet. Thank you everyone for sticking with me and this story, I've really appreciated and enjoyed the comments and kudos from you all. Enjoy! The main feeling running through Hux when he woke up in a medical centre room was emptiness. Well, no, that wasn’t strictly true; he also felt a dull throbbing pain in his side from the blaster wound. He’d seen Holloway with the gun and acted, hadn’t even thought about what he was doing. His only thought had been that he’d just gotten Ben back and he didn’t want to lose him now, or ever. Everything else, defying Snoke and turning his back on the First Order, that was where things became more complicated. Any time he even began to think about it he felt that all-consuming panic flood through his body; it was the same feeling that had driven him to Ramir and had almost gotten him, Ben, and the others killed. He knew that he couldn’t be a part of Snoke’s plans anymore, but at the same time he felt that he should go back, that he HAD to. It was twisted and cruel and sick the way he’d been raised, he recognised that now, but it was also all he’d known for his entire life and now it was gone. What was he going to do? What was he now? A failed General? A traitor? A rebel? Hux closed his eyes and took deep, even, breaths to calm himself. Everything felt wrong, his very skin crawled with it. He knew this was better, being away from the Order was better; but that still led to the question of what was he going to do now. ‘You’re awake.’ Hux opened his eyes to see FN-, no, Finn, standing in his doorway cautiously. ‘Where’s Ben?’ ‘Getting chewed out by the General. Her and Master Skywalker aren’t exactly pleased about our little mission.’ Hux slowly shifted himself into a sitting position. ‘No, I can’t imagine that they are.’ He looked Finn up and down. Here was another defector from the First Order, the first in fact, and he looked so comfortable here in the Resistance base, as if he really belonged there. ‘It’s not easy, is it?’ Finn’s question startles him. ‘What?’ ‘When it hits you that you’ve really left.’ A short laugh. ‘Am I that obvious?’ Finn shrugged. ‘No, but I know how I felt when it sunk in. Adrift. Not knowing what you’re gonna do. Wondering how you can function away from that system.’ He looked down. ‘The panic attacks are the real fun part. Or catching yourself falling back into that old way of thinking sometimes, the way they taught.’ Hux flinched as if physically struck. It had been his father’s methods, and his, that had done this to Finn. ‘How does it get easier?’ Finn chuckled. ‘When I find out myself I’ll tell you. It’s really just a “one day at a time” thing. Helps if you have someone, or in my case two someones, that cares about you and wants to help you.’ The image of a certain tall, soft featured, frustrating Jedi knight jumped to the front of Hux’s mind, and he could help but smile briefly. Ben was one of the few things that he was sure about now. ‘I’ve done a lot of wrong, I know that now.’ He looked back to Finn. ‘It’s not enough, but I am sorry for my part in what happened to you.’ ‘It’s not enough, no; it’s nowhere near enough,’ Finn shook his head, ‘but if you’re really serious about wanting to make amends, help us bring down the First Order. That will be a good start.’ Hux said nothing, but took in Finn’s words solemnly. He had a lot of work to do. Suddenly he was very tired. ‘I’ll go tell Ben you’re awake. If the General hasn’t killed him.’ As soon as Finn left, Hux let himself relax back down onto the bed. For once someone somewhere was looking down on him with mercy because he fell into a peaceful, dreamless, sleep. The next time Hux was woken, it was by two voices arguing. He was also aware of the warm and heavy weight of a hand holding his. ‘He nearly died.’ Ben’s attention was focussed on his mother. General Organa had her arms folded, clearly not willing to yield to her son. ‘The doctors say that he’s stable. I’m not asking him to run laps, Ben, I just need to talk to him for a bit. I think that after all of you nearly scared me to death rescuing him this isn’t too much to ask.’ ‘He needs to rest.’ Hux had to resist the urge to roll his eyes. ‘I think I’ve rested quite enough, thank you.’ He shifted back into the sitting position. ‘General Organa, I’d like to talk to Ben for a few moments, after which I will be more than happy to tell you anything and everything you need.’ Ben’s hold on his hand tightened slightly. ‘Are you certain?’ Hux took a deep breath. ‘Yes, ma’am. I’m ready.’ General Organa nodded. ‘I’ll be back soon.’ When the door closed behind her Hux grabbed the front of Ben’s shirt and dragged him in for a kiss. Ben responded immediately, sighing against Hux’s lips. ‘So this is your idea of “talking” now is it?’ said Ben when they finally broke apart, ‘I must say that I prefer it to your previous definition.’ Said definition was “arguing until we have sex”. ‘Oh, shut up.’ Hux kissed him again. ‘How did you find me?’ ‘I heard you.’ Ben’s hand was cupping Hux’s cheek, and he lazily brushed his thumb back and forth. ‘You were crying out for help, and I found you.’ A half-sob escaped Hux’s lips and he pressed his and Ben’s foreheads together. Neither moved, each just feeling the closeness of the other. Ben pressed his face into Hux’s neck, ghosting his lips against the skin. Hux breathed in Ben’s smell; earthy, slightly minty, and something else that was entirely Ben and nothing else. ‘As pleasant as this is, dearest,’ he gave a soft kiss to the top of Ben’s head, ‘wars don’t tend to wait for lovers and if we’re going to take advantage of my knowledge we’ll have to act quickly.’ ‘Five more minutes?’ ‘You are a child.’ There’s no heat in the insult, just a fondness that in the early days of their relationship he would never have allowed to show. Ben chuckled and just kissed him again. A knocking at the door interrupted the moment. Ben sighed. ‘Come in.’ He turned back to Hux, suddenly unsure. ‘Are you sure you’re ready for this?’ Hux nodded. ‘Yes.’ Then he hesitated. ‘You’ll stay?’ ‘Of course. You can’t get rid of me now.’ Ben lifted Hux’s hand to his lips and kissed the knuckles gently. He didn’t know what the future was going to hold, there was still so much to do and so far to go before redemption, but he was willing to work for it now. With Ben at his side he was willing to work for it. He’d come a long way, and there was no going back. Notes: Yes I wrote another thing for these jerks even though I told myself I was done. Thank you for reading, comments are always appreciated.