“Rey? Rey!” Poe’s voice came through the ship’s receiver; interference muffling the message, though the panic in his voice was clear as day. In the snow, a crashed X-Wing rested with its nose firmly planted in the ground. One wing had caught on fire, and it was spreading rapidly through the rest of the ship. A small explosion from an engine shook snow from the ship, but the snow was replaced by a flurry of snowflakes falling from the sky. The rest of the pilot’s view was clouded and could not see the plume of smoke rising steadily from the ground. A mere meters away lay a barely conscious girl. The visor in front of her face was shattered, some shards of glass in her, other’s tossed aside from the landing. While her back lay shivering from the snow, the fire that was starting to lap at her feet felt like it was burning her, even in comparison to the sands of Jakku on bare feet during a long, hot, summer. As Rey stared into the sky she saw the lower wing of a TIE fighter dip below the clouds and begin to descend over her. It looped around several times, lower each time, approaching the crash site. As the snow fell around her, she just hoped at prayed that it would bury her alive before whatever was on board that ship found her. It just so happened that the fire was melting it away as it fell, preventing it from settling. She felt the ground beneath her shake as the fire spread to the ships engines and caused yet another explosion. In that moment, she felt less like a Padawan and more like the lost, lonely little girl that grew up on Jakku. Shakily, she took a deep breath and tried, with what little ability she had left, to cling to consciousness by assessing the damage. The glass she felt stinging her face and arms was the most obvious, the pain throbbing away steadily and somehow managing to keep her awake. She knew that the glass was keeping in any blood she felt like she should be losing, and was at least grateful that it was still inside of her. The rest of her body felt numb, the cold and the pain morphing into a strange nothingness that actually frightened her more than the approaching body. Seeing the Stormtroopers advancing on her made her think of only one thing. Finn. God how she wished this was him, disguised in his uniform to take her safely off the planet and back to the resistance base to recover, but even in such an injured condition Rey could feel that it wasn’t him. And if that wasn’t enough, the butt of the gun the trooper carried connecting with her head and sending her spiralling into blackness certainly confirmed her thoughts. # # # “ Rey !” Came the yell from Poe’s X-Wing cockpit. Her X-Wing was off radar and he couldn’t see her flying. But at the same time, he couldn’t see her on the ground, there was no evidence that she had crashed. The silence seemed to be enough for him, however. As he blew up a TIE fighter coming towards him, his subconscious keeping him on mission and making sure that he kept his friends and co-pilots safe, Poe could do nothing but look for any sign of her on his radar. Every second he could spare when he wasn’t shooting was spent searching for her. Drawn back to reality as an X-Wing behind him took a hit, Poe focused on the mission at task and let his fear guide him, shooting down ships with a terrifying accuracy (but something not unusual for the best pilot in the resistance ). He watched as yet another TIE fighter exploded in front of him, debris tumbling through the cloud and to the ground, and he bit his tongue to stop himself snapping at a comment that part of him heard Jess making. When the message came through from the General herself to retreat and return to the base, Poe had fought with her for a moment. He knew his place, and he knew his duty to get his crew home in one piece (or as close to one piece as possible), but Rey was part of his crew and he was worried. He knew that the General cared for her as well, but her command stood and the black leader passed on the demand, all groups to fall back and go home, the First Order was too strong for them to overcome here, and they hadn’t exactly expected half their army to be there. It was supposed to be a simple recon mission, not a full scale attack. So they returned to base, Poe taking the jump in hyperspace as time to hit the inside of his ship (in any place that wasn’t going to knock him critically off course) as hard as he could in frustration. With Rey, with himself, even with the General. He would be in far more trouble than he had ever been in when he returned to base. Poe followed protocol, while looking rather disgruntled. He landed his ship correctly, passed details on to the mechanics of any damage done. He did a quick check of who had returned, and noticed that some of his new pilots were gone. No one had expected what had happened and he cursed himself for letting some of the younger pilots come on the belief that it would be a clean mission, just practice with flying. His heart ached for the people that he had failed - not just for Rey, but for them all. He couldn’t let it last long though as he made his way through the base to debrief with the General. Leia had a few choice words for him, but despite the telling off he got from her, he could see in her eyes that she understood why he had argued. She seemed just as worried as he did, and not only because they had lost Rey - someone that everyone in the base loved – but because they had lost a Padawan to the First Order. The look that Poe got from Master Skywalker as he left the room was not one that he’d forget in a long time. If looks could kill, he would’ve died on the spot. But then again, Luke was a Jedi. For all he knew, he could have been dead on the spot. As he walked through the base to his quarters, he noticed that people seemed to keep their distance from him. He wasn’t surprised, he didn’t exactly look too happy right about now, and Poe was never someone to cross when he wasn’t happy. The thing that was on his mind most now, other than finding Rey, was getting revenge on the son of a bitch that had shot her down, even though he was probably long dead. He couldn’t imagine what was happening to Rey, if the First Order had her, then she’d be going through the same ordeal as him (though after hearing the stories from Finn, he was certain she could more than handle herself). If she was dead, he didn’t know what he would do, what he could do. It was only when he walked into his room and shut the door with a loud, frustrated, scream of anguish that he remembered he had to tell Finn. The Finn that had just heard the scream of anguish. The Finn that was sat on the bed next to his, expecting him to return with Rey. The Finn who’s heart he was about to break. As Poe turned around, his own features softened. Suddenly, all the pain he felt was replaced with guilt as he looked at the man’s face. Finn already knew. He didn’t know how, but he could risk a guess. Rey’s absence, the early return, and Poe’s anger was enough to tell him everything he needed to know. There was a moment of silence between the two men, broken by Finn. As he spoke, Poe could’ve sworn he’d heard his voice crack. “Why the hell’d you let her go?” “She can fly, she can shoot, I needed another member and I didn’t want to take a load of rookies, just in case something did go wrong.” “Why didn’t you take me?” “You’re not battle ready, you’re still healing up!” After Poe snapped at Finn, the two returned to silence. Finn stared at the wall, Poe sat on his bed in his overalls, not caring that he was dirtying his sheets with grease and muck - he doubted he’d be sleeping. # # # Rey dreamed of the desert sands of Jakku. In her mind, she was still on that planet, and everything else had just been a dream. She was still waiting for her family, no one was coming for her. She was still alone. In her dream, she opened her eyes and looked around. She was lying on the floor, the warm sands trying to hold her captive. It was so soft, so relaxing, she wanted to stay there forever. But if she did, then her family would never be able to find her if they ever came back. If she did stay there, then she wouldn’t get any food, and she wouldn’t be able to eat. She’d die of starvation, or of thirst, of something out here would kill her. But as she tried to sit up, the ground tugged back at her. For some reason, however much she wanted to move, she couldn’t. She could’ve sworn that the sand was growing fingers, letting them tighten around her arms and legs and hold her struggling body in place. As she tried to fight her way out, the sand held her tighter and tighter, until she couldn’t breathe. She opened her mouth to scream, but she felt sand pour inside of her. She tried to breathe harder and harder, but more sand found its way inside of her. Moments later, any kind of fight she put up stopped and she did nothing but lay still, blackness consumed her and a sudden feeling of calm and peace enveloped her. And then she opened her eyes. She was no longer on Jakku. She was no longer trapped in sands as she fought to escape. No, now she was strapped painfully to a chair with powerful, intense lights shining down on her. The pain she had felt after the crash was coming back to her, and so it seemed was the pain from a previous interrogation that she had forgotten completely. Come to think of it, she had forgotten most of what had happened to her since the X-Wing had crashed, and she had little concept of the passage of time. All she knew was that she had been there long enough, and she wanted to get out. The light burning down on her had left her parched, and as she went to lick at her dry lips with an equally dry tongue she tasted something metallic. Iron? Blood. It came flashing back to her, the attempts to use mind tricks on the Stormtroopers were less successful when she couldn’t keep calm, but it was hard to keep calm when people were breaking your nose. She felt the blood trickling down her face and desperately lapped her tongue over it, the only liquid that she had come across in days… Was it days? Was it simply hours of torture and crying that had left her so dehydrated. She didn’t know, but she needed something to drink. Rey’s mind was brought back to the present as she felt a sharp pain down the right side of her body. The cry she let out was pathetic, but it was all she had left to give. They had weakened her body, and had in turn weakened her mind. She was vulnerable, and therefore so was everyone she cared about, everything she knew would be easily accessible by anyone who could. And she knew exactly who would be after the information she had, and he would be able to get is from her oh so easily now. With something that resembled a sob, Rey closed her eyes again. She had failed them. She had failed Luke Skywalker, the Resistance, and most importantly she had failed Finn and Poe. They would never forgive her, and she would never let them. Notes: Wow did I throw you guys in at the deep end with this fic?! Okay so a lot of stuff will be explained in the next chapter, but hey let's start it off with a bit of excitement shall I? Let me know what sort of thing you guys want to see, or if you enjoyed this fic, or if you have suggestions for any other fics in the comments.