drink, contest, orange Sometimes she manages a cool state of blue, hazy like a morning sky. Mostly, it’s a dull orange, like the first hint of oxidation on a ship’s hull. That’s better than the red, when missteps and disappointments that would normally cause a shrug will ignite into flashes of scarlet that leave her gasping and those around her wary. They look at her as though she’s someone else. She tells her Master that none of the rage is her own. It belongs to this other being who rides along, souls latched like twins in a womb. Though they are constantly in a contest of wills, she knows it gives him no more pleasure than it gives her. As much as the blazing red burns her, he shrinks from the hazy blue as though it will smother him. He tells his Master that none of it is his own serenity. That he will drink of it only to drain her of it. They circle. They collide. They retreat, taking bits of each other as they go. Chapter 2 : penance Summary: This was a prompt from roane72 on tumblr There are things they keep secret. Almost everything is laid bare. Otherwise, he’d never have made it off D’Qar alive. As it is, he’s exiled, and only by his mother’s grace. They know how sorry he is (truly.) They know of Rey’s near fall and of the last minute mercy she bestowed on him. They know that she visits, occasionally. That she acts as his guide as he grasps at what he can of the light. There is always an armed escort, but even they must sleep. And in those hours she takes a much firmer hand. She has become almost as adept at telekinesis and affect mind as he, though it helps that he’s amenable to her desires. (She says that so far his is the only mind she can outright read.) He lowers his barriers, lets her in to rifle through his mind freely, poking at tender bruises and grazing open wounds, demanding his remorse for every hideous deed she uncovers. He also allows her unfettered access to his body and this is where his salvation lies. In the ropes she fashions from thin air. In the hard pull of her hands in his hair and the constriction of the Force on his throat. She dances on a line he leapt across years ago but always, always remains resolutely in control. Her face is dispassionate as she administers his punishment, and as she cleans him up after, wiping his sweaty brow, tending to any physical wounds, flooding their connection with golden light. It is only after, in moments where she is unguarded, that she falls apart and swears that this is the last time. That it’s sick and twisted and that she cannot help him, not like this. Yet always, always, she returns. Chapter 3 : Queen of Air Summary: Prompt fill for mnemehoshiko on tumblr Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The planet of Soania is ruled by four elemental monarchs. The high reaches of the northern mountain ranges are the domain of Air. On the day that Rey was restored to the throne as Queen Bereah, Protector of the Highlands. Kylo Ren, exiled prince of both Naboo and Alderaan, sat at the edge of a waterfall, on a peak opposite the fortress, watching the procession make its way from the forest to the fortress lawn. The Queens of Fire and Ice were in attendance, as well as the King of Earth, riding in landspeeders decked in regalia. Kylo focused his vision, able to zoom in on single faces with a thought. Rey’s landspeeder was topped with a square frame, hung with curtains, like the litters from ancient stories. There was something strange about it. He focused his attention on it, on the mind of the litter’s occupant. He brushed against a stranger. “It’s a proxy,” a voice said behind him. He whirled around. Rey stood between two boulders, robes of silvery grey flowing around her, a simple circlet of platinum on her head, hair in a long braid. Her lightsaber was clipped at her belt and she held her staff, loosely at her side. Kylo Ren stood. “A proxy.” “It’s not like I plan on staying here and ruling. She’s a distant relative. Only a few years younger than me and familiar with the customs of this planet.” “But you’re not abdicating.” “I was advised not to. By your mother.” “Ah. She’s still not over that, then.” “What?” “One of the worst political errors of her life. You should ask her about it.” “Will it cause her pain?” “Probably.” “Why are you here?” “I’d thought about asking for sanctuary,” he quipped. She inhaled, nostrils flaring, her grip tightening on her staff. “Why would I ever subject these peaceful people to that?” “I know it’s impossible.” “You should leave.” “I should.” “Then go.” “I can’t exactly get to my ship from here,” he said, indicating the path behind her. With dignity, she raised her chin and stepped to the side, gesturing for him to pass. Not taking his eyes off of her, he brushed past her close enough to feel the heat of her body, then turned, walking backward on the path until she disappeared from sight. He felt her release of breath in the Force as he turned to run. As he rose above the trees in his ship, she stood there still, at the edge of the waterfall, the colors of the people of her home planet resplendent below her. Notes: "One of the worst political errors" of Leia's life is a reference to an incident in Bloodline. Chapter 4 : The Lack Thereof Summary: Fill for the prompt "Kylo loses Force sensitivity" from rex-luscus on tumblr Luke Skywalker had told Kylo Ren that such a thing as this was possible, and that if it ever happened, it’d be like going deaf, blind, mute and numb all at once. That’s not exactly how it had gone. She’d warned him, her voice deep and commanding, sending a frisson of apprehension down his spine. He’d advanced anyway, and then, there’d been nothing but light. A wall of light. No. Four walls of light, surrounding him, reaching up into infinity. And as suddenly, it had gone, and he was left on the ground, weak, alone, his whole being reduced to pain. And nothingness. Alone with a void like a sucking wound at the center of his chest, and his soul gasping in agony. And she had the audacity to be merciful. After dealing him a blow worse than any he’d inflicted on another living being, she had knelt beside him, pushed his hair back from his face, and told him it was for the best. That he was safe. If he’d been able to use the Force, he would have choked her. Stars, he would have choked her with his bare hands if he had the strength. She’d carried him to her (Han Solo’s) ship, thrown over her shoulder like a sack of scavenged goods, and laid him out in a bunk. “Please don’t try anything, even if you can,” she’d murmured as she injected him with a sedative. When they reached whatever forsaken planet the Resistance had established as a base, he’d been thrown in a bacta tank to treat his physical wounds. He opened his eyes once to find her staring at him. As soon as their eyes met, she turned away. He remained in the med bay, barely conscious, without the use of any further sedatives. Once, when he seemed to be sleeping, he overheard Dr. Kalonia speaking with General Organa. “Is he dying?” “I’m sorry to say I don’t know, General. There’s nothing physically wrong with him. If the Commander did what she said she did, he may have suffered a mortal spiritual wound, but that’s not my area of expertise.” Drifting into real sleep, he thought for a moment that he heard a familiar tune, hummed low, but soon there was nothing. He awoke again to urgent whispers. The girl and Skywalker. “What was the point if he’s going to die anyway? Running him through would have been more merciful.” “What is the cost, though, if you allow him his powers back? Here? On a base with thousands of people? Will you unleash him on them at his most angry?” “You’ll just let him die, then? Slowly? Or spend the rest of his life in limbo?” “It’s not my decision to make.” “What does she want, then?” “The same thing she’s always wanted. Her son back, alive and whole.” “Then I’ll take him off planet to do it.” “What will you do, after?” “He won’t hurt me.” After a long silence, Skywalker sighed. “Go. Tell Leia your plan.” When the girl had gone, Skywalker came to Kylo’s side. “I can’t imagine the pain you must be in,” he said, covering Kylo’s hand with his, warmth seeping into his bones from the touch. “None of us wanted this for you. We just want you to find your way back. The path is there, it’s always there. Kylo opened his eyes, he couldn’t move or speak but he let his mind fall open. Skywalker had always been more adept at reading feelings than thoughts but he could dive inside an open mind. He let him see that this was a surer torture than any he ever inflicted upon a captive. That his entire soul was a wound. That he had been cut off not just from his power but from the essence of life itself. Then it was too much and he dropped into the darkness again as his uncle whispered his given name. He woke up in a field, a hazy purple sky above and Rey sitting beside him, weaving little white flowers into a crown. She sensed his waking and turned to him. “Your mother said no, for the sake of the galaxy, and I took you anyway. You’ll have supplies to last several days. Once I leave atmosphere, I’ll transmit your location to the First Order. I don’t know what’s waiting for me back on base. I may be tried for treason. Every murder you commit from now on will be on my head, which means I’ll need to kill you fairly as soon as possible.” Setting her flower crown aside, she crouched beside him, placing her hands on his chest. Light poured into the void in his chest, as painful as the absence, but it was followed by the cooling comfort of the darkness, in equal measure. When she took her hands away, he was walloped by the return of his senses, as though the energy of the entire planet, the galaxy, the universe, welcomed him at once, and he began to laugh as it all flowed through him, cradling him, plucking at him, whispering to him as it always had. By the time he sat up, she’d retreated, standing twenty yards away, hand on her saber. “Go,” he shouted. “I want you to live to regret this.” She turned and ran to the waiting ramp of her (Han Solo’s) ship, and as the old junker took off, he laid back down in the tall grass and, for the first time in years, laughed. Chapter 5 : Couples Costumes Summary: Prompt from anonymous on tumblr “A cultural event that will help me explore my English heritage,” is what Rey had called it. He’d reluctantly agreed, because even if it was a stuffy tea party, there would be free food. Like most college students, Kylo Ren would suffer through almost anything for free food, even if it did involve watercress sandwiches. The proposition became more intriguing when she told him it was a costume party, or “fancy dress” as she’d called it. She’d picked up a lot of English words and phrases since finding her birth parents. And after she told him she’d take care of his costume, he didn’t think anything more of it until the day of. Looking in the mirror before going to the party, he has never regretted a series of choices more. Not even the ones that led to his being cut off from his family. Rey is pleased as punch. Standing beside him in her long robe and clerical collar, hair pulled back and hands clasped in front of her, she looks almost beatific. "It’s a bit chilly out,” she says. “You can wear your long coat until we get there.” Kylo looks at himself in the mirror again. “Where the hell did you even find a Playboy bunny costume in my size?” “You are aware of how many drag stores there are in this town, right?” “No, I'm not,” he says. He tilts his head and peers at himself. She’d done a good job with his makeup. Eyeliner might not be a bad idea in everyday life. “I’m never going to judge a girl for not shaving her legs again.” “Good,” Rey says, handing him his coat. “Now, off we pop.” “And you’re certain everyone else will be dressed as…”tarts and vicars?” “That’s what the invitation says. Now come on.” He spares one last look in the mirror before putting on his coat. He has to admit, his legs look extraordinary, and green is his color.