i like their pretty curls; Summary: Finn's willing to bet Poe has the most beautiful hair in the galaxy. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe is laying with his back to Finn, the two laying close together in comfortable silence as the day slowly transitions into night. Finn never thought he'd have a nice thing like this, being able to enjoy the warmth spreading from his head to the very tips of his toes and watch Poe's curls shift the tiniest bit as he breathes in and out in a steady rhythm. Moonlight starts to peek in through the tiny window on the wall opposite the bed. This is the most beautiful thing Finn has ever seen. Poe is the most beautiful person he's ever seen (execpt maybe Rey, but this is somehow different). Poe's soft, dark curls are in disarray, scattered across the pillow, and they shine in the light. Finn had a friend in the first order who's hair was like this. He had always wanted to reach out and touch it, play with it, but he'd always held himself back. FN-2003. Slip. That'd been the trooper with the beautiful hair. Regulation had always made him keep it short, but every now and then, after it'd been a while since his last haircut, Slip would pull off his helmet and the curls would practically cascade out of it. It's beautiful , Finn would always think. He never got to touch it before he watched Slip die. Slip was a good man, even though he was fighting on the wrong side. Finn wishes he was still here. He wishes Slip could've lived and escaped the First Order with him and Poe. He was the best friend Finn had ever had. Finn misses him like he would miss a brother. They had slept near each other, fought together, trained together, lived together. Finn had almost never been apart from him. It's hard not to miss someone you get used to never missing. And now, reliving the moment that Slip's hand dragged across his helmet and left a bloody stain, Finn definitely misses him. It felt like a bullet to the chest to watch Slip die. Memories of their lives together as friends, no matter how insignificant they seem, pop into Finn's mind at quiet times like these. They're always small things, like eating silently with Slip, watching him train, or saying a quick goodnight to each other every night. Each memory feels like a blow to the head, another reminder that he's never going to see Slip again. Even though Finn knows Poe was the one who shot Slip, he can't bring himself to blame him. What else was he supposed to do? The person the Resistance had been counting on with all of their might couldn't have just let himself die because of a refusal to shoot some random stormtrooper. Finn can't even let himself miss Slip too much, because now Poe's here. Slip is not. Sure, he misses him, but Slip's death was one of the main reasons he felt he had to get out of the First Order, and now he's here with Poe. Even though he misses Slip, he couldn't be more thankful to be with Poe. Poe, with the beautiful, soft, dark curls that are not kept short, and fall out of his pilot's helmet in the most breathtaking way Finn's ever seen. Poe, with the warm, worn hands and a feather-light touch. Poe, who smiles at Finn like he's hung the moon. Poe, who got him out of that damned Starkiller Base. Poe, who is here, and breathing, and loves Finn just as much as Finn loves him. And as his hand reaches up to gently tug the curls laying at the nape of Poe's neck, he realizes he could get stuck in this moment forever and he wouldn't mind it one bit. He would never tire of seeing the curls bounce back into their original shape, never tire of feeling the way he does when he knows Poe's smiling that blinding smile after he realizes Finn's playing with his hair again, never tire of the way the curls feel against his fingers, soft and light. Finn's willing to bet Poe has the most beautiful hair in the galaxy. Notes: yes, this IS the most cheesy story in the world and i'm really sorry but also not sorry?? chapter title taken from "i like young girls" by the queers, and the work title is the name of a song by the cure. edit: i feel obligated to continue this. stay tuned Chapter 2 : ; their curls can go to hell Summary: Poe can't even begin to deal with how bright the boy's smile is. It could blind armies, probably. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe wakes up to sunlight filtering in through the tiny window and Finn's face pressed into his neck. He tries to not to giggle and squirm when Finn's breathing tickles him. Slowly, he flips himself over to face Finn (which is quite a feat, considering Finn is dead to the world and latches onto Poe very tightly when they're sleeping together), prying Finn's hands off himself only for them to latch right back on once he's settled again. Poe chuckles softly. Poe's now facing Finn, their noses almost touching. Finn's still fast asleep. He looks so peaceful like this, no trace of the worry that usually resides on his face. Finn's let his hair grow out a little since he's left the First Order, and right now it's a little bit messy from sleep. Little curls stick up in random places in the most adorable way possible. The curls close to the nape of his neck are tighter, smaller, and they stick out the most. Poe's heart might explode. Even though Finn always fawns over Poe's curls, Poe thinks Finn's are so much more beautiful. The curls symbolize something more, something greater than just beauty. They symbolize the fact that Finn has not only grown away from the First Order in spirit and emotion, but literally, too. The First Order would've never let Finn grow out his hair like this, it would be too disorderly and unregulated for their taste, but Finn's hair is something that is all his own; it symbolizes his separation from all of the First Order's little rules and regulations. It's more wild and messy that the First Order would've ever tolerated. And that makes the curls even more beautiful. The curls, along with every other change to Finn since he stopped being a trooper, have softened the hard edges to Finn; instead of just appearing strong and distant, handsome in the way that makes cold chills run down your spine, Finn now seems warmer, softer, more rounded. Finn has since become more relaxed in stature, his shoulders no longer always so tensed up all the time. He spends his spare time sketching, saying he's recording the best moments because he never wants to forget any of them. His smile somehow seems a little bigger, the sun feels a little warmer, the world seems a little nicer. Poe feels an even stronger pull to him than he did before. Finn makes him want to never leave for a mission again. He would be perfectly happy with staying here forever when Finn smiles at him like he's the best man in the world. Poe can't even begin to deal with how bright the boy's smile is. It could blind armies, probably. Whenever Poe gets home from a mission, Finn always beams that blinding smile at him from across the hangar and Poe has to run as fast as he can to Finn so he can hug him. That smile drives him crazy. It especially drove him crazy when he didn't know where Finn was after they crashed on Jakku. But Finn is alive and healthy and Poe couldn't be more overjoyed about all of it. After taking a lightsaber to the back, Finn isn't in the best condition yet, but goddammit, Finn can walk and talk and breathe and smile and he's happy. Finn is almost done with physical therapy. The doctors think he'll make a full recovery. When the doctor came in to tell Finn and Poe this, Finn smiled wider than Poe's ever seen anyone smile. The boy is just so goddamn happy all the time. Poe is excited to say he thinks Finn's rubbing off on him. He has never smiled more frequently at any other point in his life, not even when he first met General Organa and joined the Resistance. He smiled the other day during a doctor's checkup, and he hates going to the doctor. Maybe this is getting to be too much? Or maybe it's just enough. Before Finn came along, Poe had a harder time smiling when he wasn't out on a mission. Sure, flying made him happy, but it was like there was a giant gaping hole in his life. Finn fills that hole more perfectly that anyone else ever could, with his toothy smiles and soft hands and loving nature. Like he was molded for it. And as Poe snuggles closer to Finn, he thinks he's pretty damn sure he's in love with Finn. He can't help but melt every time Finn smiles, can't help but grin back at Finn every time Finn grins at him, can't help but want to kiss Finn, can't help but want to do other things with Finn. When he was little, his parents always seemed to be so in love. No matter how long it had been since their wedding date, it was as if they never got tired of each other. Right now, Poe thinks that he'll always feel that way about Finn. That he'll always feel the way he feels right now about Finn. He hopes he will. Poe gently kisses Finn's nose. God , he is getting too cheesy for his own good. He blames Finn. Still, it's not like he's mad about it or anything. Notes: i love writing tooth-rotting fluff,, i am So Sorry (thank u so much for reading etc i am not good at ending things) you can follow me on twitter at @asteroidfieId if u can deal with my hypersensitive cheesy ass bullshit