"I have some information I need found. One of our operatives has disappeared, and I know you can find him." Poe was one of the best operatives the agency had, if any one could get it done it would be him. He was suave, intelligent, and quick on his feet; in other words, perfect for this mission. "We've heard some rumors about an old friend of mine," Leia continued. "I want you to sees if any of them hold any truth." "When do you want me to leave, ma'am?" "As soon as you can." And with that, she started to leave the room, headed off to face the next disaster. With the underhanded and cruel First Order becoming such a large threat, there certainly seemed to be enough to keep even the best scrambling to catch up. They've burnt whole villages to the ground, kidnapped and tortured, killed, and as far they can tell there's been no rhyme or reason to any of it. Poe shuffled slightly with nerves as something suddenly occurred to him. "Can I ask who it is that I'm looking for?" Leia passed halfway through a step but didn't look back at him, "You're looking for Luke Skywalker." Finding someone who knew how to get out the grid and stay off the grid, it was hard and it took time. Time Poe didn't really have as the First Order got ready for a massive strike. With very little to go on Poe was forced to follow every lead, no matter how trivial; finding Luke Skywalker was priority. Zig-zagging though countries and continents, following whispers, it'd been weeks sense the mission started and he'd found nothing. It was a long pointless game of telephone. So of course the one time that Poe actually managed to dig something up would be the one time that he managed to cross paths with the First Order. Honestly. Poe woke to the sudden cold that soaked through his body, gasping for breath as the splash of freezing water was followed by the sharp sting of a slap across his cheek. He could still taste the blood in his mouth from trying to fight back as they captured him with more ease than he would have liked. "Is this really the best Leia has to offer?" A deep voice asked from behind the chair that he was strapped to, laughter was obvious in his tone as started a slow circle around the chair. "I was expecting more. You hear so many rumors about her agents, but seeing you now, captured and helpless, I wonder how much was exaggerated." The tall lean man stopped in front of Poe and seemed to be sizing him up, it was hard to tell with his signature black mask on, disguising his features. It was a bit melodramatic if you asked Poe. "Not much I assure you, you don't come to be known as the best by doing nothing." Poe flashed him a smile. As he spoke he gave a few experimental tugs at the ropes and cuffs that bound him, sure it was a little overkill to use cuffs and ropes but like he said, he was the best. Everything seemed pretty secure, the room even had a guard in both the corners that he could see, and presumably the other two as well, with the day he'd been having it wasn't much of a surprise; this was supposed to be a simple reconnaissance mission but oh no, no the First Order shows up and is definitely in a shoot first ask questions later kind of mood until they not only spotted but recognized him. Which, he wants to know how they were able to recognize him. He's a spy, it's not like they walk around in obnoxious orange and white uniforms. "Then surely you must have the information I seek." He paused for a moment. "You will share it with me. I have ways of making you talk." He waved to someone behind the chair and second later someone brought in a cart covered in various blades and tools that would without a doubt be used to torture him. "Well I definitely won't be making anything easy on you." He said it with his usual smirk but he could feel the butterflies in his stomach. There was no reaction as Kylo reached for his first tool. Neither of them noticed the slight flinch of one of the guards as Kylo got to work breaking Poe apart. His screams echoing through the room. When Poe came to next, it's to the release of pressure as his arms and legs were freed. "Wha-?" Poe wondered intelligently as the world slowly came back into focus. A man stood before him in a crisp black suit that seemed to hug and frame the hills and valleys of his muscular body. "Can you please not ask questions until we get out of here?" The strange man hauled him to his feet and dragged Poe's left arm across his broad shoulders. "Did they send you to rescue me?" Poe slurred out, he could taste the blood from the last powerful punch his tormentors had delivered onto him. "Well, I wouldn't say that." Poe didn't have the chance to understand what that meant as the sound of echoing footsteps reached their ears. He might not have much of his strength, but he had enough to drag the two of them around a corner. His back was flush with the wall and he pulled the stranger to his chest so they were both out of sight. Having the other man that close, Poe was able to feel the other man's breath on his cheek and when he turned to face his rescuer their noses nearly brushed. The man might have looked sharp and dangerous in his suit, but his dark brown eyes seemed to be full of kindness. There was something distinctly soft and comforting about them, the chocolate depths seemed to just pull him in. Poe shook himself; he could kiss the guy later, right then they had to get out of there. "How do we get out of here?" Poe asked quietly. The man jerked his head back and blinked as though he was taken off guard by the question. "I hadn't really gotten to that part of the plan yet." He replied sheepishly. "You haven't-" Poe looked over the man once more and came to a startling conclusion. "You're not an agent are you?" "Not exactly." "Well that ought to make things interesting." Poe sighed. "Do you by any chance know how to get to an exit or some guns, both would be preferable." "That, I can help you with." He seemed to relax a fraction now that he wasn't staring into the face of certain death. "Lead the way....." "My designation is FN-2187." He seemed hesitant to say. There had been stories about The First Order brain washing people into forgetting everything about who they used to be. There had been plenty of operatives sent out to see if anything could be found to back up the claims but they had found nothing. "I can't call you that, you need a real proper name." Poe thought for a moment. "FN, huh. How about Finn?" His lips gave a slight tick upwards as he said it. "Sounds good," Finn gave a slight smile. "Yeah, yeah! I like it." "Well Finn, I'm Poe, the man that can hopefully get us both out of here alive." He offered his hand and momentarily relished in the warmth of Finn's when he took it. "That would be preferable, yeah." Chapter 2 Summary: Sorry for taking so long, and I'm sorry it's so short but there will be more soon. Promise. Poe twisted to look around the corner of his hiding spot, the wide hallway was completely empty. The walls were a blinding shade of white made all the more an eyesore by the bright fluorescent lights. Whenever Poe had imagined an evil league he had always imagined it as a desolate and dank place with dim flickering lights, but the first order strong hold was quite the opposite. There were no shadows as Poe had frequently imagined that there would be, instead out was monochrome and blinding as if they didn't have anything to hide. Poor supposed that when you're in the habit of brainwashing you're followers, there really isn't a need to hide anything. "So you know your way around this place?" Poe glanced back long enough to see Finn nodding his head vigorously. "Then we need to head towards the armoury, we gotta have a way to defend ourselves." "Oh!" Finn whispered in excitement. He pulled back the standard white suit jacket that all members of the first order seemed to wear, revealing a hand gun tucked into the waist band of his pants. "Would this help?" He sounded pretty pleased with himself as he pulled the gun out and almost immediately handed it to Poe. Poe paused for a second and seemed to contemplate asking Finn about the gun before he thought better of it and clicked off the safety and cautiously stepped out of their hiding spot. "I still think we need to go to the armory and grab you something." Finn was shaking his head before Poe even got the thought out. "The sooner we get out of here the better." He couldn't have agreed more, but he didn't have a good feeling about leaving Finn completely defenseless. "Just follow my lead," Finn smiled reassuringly "I'll make sure we both make it out of here." Poe hesitated only for a second before he nodded and Finn started to walk in front of him, leading the way. They'd barely taken a step before Finn thieves around, mischief in his eyes. "I have an idea but I don't think you'll like it." *********************************** Poe was already regretting his decision to go along with the plan as they stepped out into the garage. People in white pants and jackets similar to Finn's where Milling about the place, unloading creatures and boxes, cars where coming and going easy as you please. Poe could hear the muffled orders coming through several different radios and he wished he had a way to record or take pictures. Unfortunately, Poe had decided that walking around the enemy strong hold in handcuffs was a great idea. "Okay, stay calm, we're almost out of here. All we got to do is steal a car. Just stay calm." Finn repeated quietly in his ear. "I'll have you know that I am very calm right now." Poe hissed back a little indignantly. "I am a trained professional." "In was talking to myself." Poe could almost hear the blush that surely must have been working up Finn's face. Oh god, this could only go well, right?