The Pilot: Poe Dameron There are a lot of things Poe Dameron believes in. The Resistance is the biggest. One of Poe’s fondest memories is when General Organa saved him from frustration and recruited him into the Resistance. Poe also believes in the Force – the energy field created by all living things that binds the galaxy together. He’s not Force sensitive, whatever people may mutter when he takes to the skies in his X-Wing, but he’s met people who are. His mother flew missions for both Luke Skywalker and General Organa. There’s even a myth about the tree outside his childhood bedroom on Yavin 4. His father always said it was a sapling from the tree that grew at the heart of the Jedi temple in Coruscant. Loyalty. That one is important to him, too. He takes his command position as Black Leader seriously. His fellow pilots are a tight knit team that bring the fight to the First order. Poe’s just not a great believer in love. Well, the romantic kind, anyway. Sure, he knows plenty of people who believe in it, who swear by their romantic holovids and spend all their spare time with their partners. But Poe’s seen the other side of love. How a huge part of his father crumbled to nothing when his mother died. He was only eight, but he’ll never forget the change. It’s not the only negative of love he’s seen. General Organa is his idol. His parents told story after story about her, he’d grown up hearing her name. She believed in love, yet Poe had seen how Han’s love actually played out. Han was like a whirlwind; he’d fly in, upset everything then leave with a smile and a kiss. If that’s romance, well, Poe thinks they can keep it. Plus he’s spent his life at war. He’s seen far too many people die. He’s a pilot, his closest friends are pilots. All it takes is one lucky shot, or an unlucky malfunction and no more friend. He may not believe in love, but Poe is not a monk. He’s pretty enough to get what he needs when he needs it. His hair looks good, he has a brilliant smile, plus people always just seem to like him. He’s never quite as bad as the other pilots tease, but he always has company when he wants it. Right now though, the only company he wants is his astromech, Beebee-Ate. Intel had said his droid has been spotted on Takonda, so that’s where he is. Flying always makes him feel better, but today it helps him forget the dull aches and pains from the recent torture and crash. The same crash that had killed his new friend, Finn. Finn who had been scared half to death and yet still found the courage to break away from The First Order. The young man had been so happy and excited to have escaped. Then their stolen TIE had been hit and Poe had messed up their descent. But now isn’t the time to distract himself with guilt. “Stay low. Let’s bring them a surprise,” Poe says over comms. “Of course you’d say that. You love being buffeted around in the wind,” Snap replies. Poe grins. The turbulence as they fly over the lake is pretty intense. Black One is tuned to the max, but without Beebee-Ate it isn’t the same. He opens his S-foils, getting ready to attack. “Go straight ahead and don't let these dogs scare you.” Poe says. “Copy that!” Jess Pava is all business. Poe skims along the lake surface, allowing his mind to drop into combat mode. His hands fly over the controls as he takes out both troopers and TIE fighters parked on the ground. He thinks he sees Han, perhaps that’s Chewie, and then there’s someone else who also looks familiar; he flies so fast he can’t really tell. What he can tell is the white armoured guys surrounding them need to be shot. A few seconds is all it takes to clear the ground. Staying at treetop level, he doesn’t waste a single energy burst as he picks off the few TIE fighters that made it into the air. Poe loops around in an impossibly tight arc, coming back for another run. In a few minutes, the area is secure. The last TIE’s have escaped escorting the high-winged shuttle, and there are no moving troopers on the ground. He checks in with his fellow pilots. The other five are all A-OK. “Cleared of targets,” Poe reports back to communications officer Major Brance. “Copy that, Black Leader. Wait for confirmation to return.” “You heard the Major. We got a few minutes.” Poe flies in lazy circles above the battleground. He keeps an eye on the General’s transport, but at this height, he can’t see much. Poe allows his thoughts to wander again. About bravery and courage. About how Poe had been the first person to ever give Finn a choice – if he even wanted to be called Finn. The joy in his voice when he accepted. Poe can blame the crash on bad luck, or on his own tortured body not responding as quickly as usual, or on any number of things. But it won’t bring Finn back. “The General is clear. Back to base.” The order snaps over the comms. Poe watches General Leia’s transport take off, and then sees another ship also rise into the sky. “Guys. You ever seen the Millennium Falcon?” He asks. “What? No,” Snap says, as Jess chimes in with a hell no. “Look at the treeline. Because now you have.” Nien Nunb makes a crack about having co-piloted the Falcon already, but the others are still whooping as they hit hyperspace. # The adrenaline is wearing off and Poe allows himself to daydream a little as he cruises in for a landing. His lack of belief in love does not stop him from having sex whenever he fancies. It’s easy for him, a bit too easy, really. He’s long known that he’s considered handsome by most species that are sexually compatible with humans. His fame as a pilot helps too; people get starry eyed about Poe Dameron, Black Leader. Because of that fame, Poe makes sure to keep his hookups to older, more seasoned members of the Resistance. He’s seen how easily recruits get flustered over his name, he doesn’t want that. He’s not about notches on bedposts. Plus they’re all so young; they make him feel like an old man. Poe thinks its time he visited that nurse Jared again. Jared was always up for no-strings sex. Or maybe that engineer… He jumps down from Black One, passing his helmet and gloves to a waiting technician. [Poe!] Poe turns at the familiar sound. An orange and white BB unit rolls towards him. Poe feels as if a weight has lifted off his shoulders. The intel was right, they’ve got BB-8 back. His mission wasn’t a failure. “Beebee-Ate, my buddy!” Poe kneels down to touch his droid, to see if he’s real. “Oh, it’s so good to see you.” [Finn and Rey brought me here!] Finn? Poe thinks, turning his head to look where BB-8 had rolled in from. The guilt clutching at his chest releases a little. Finn is alive? “Poe,” a voice calls. Someone starts running towards him, arms half raised as if to hug. “Oh, no,” Poe laughs, a wide grin on his face. That handsome face is unmistakeable. “Poe,” Finn shouts. “Poe Dameron. You’re alive!” Poe doesn’t even think about it, he runs towards the other man as fast as he can. “Buddy!” Poe is distracted by how tightly Finn is holding him, this man who completed his mission. Finn could have cut and run, he should have, hell, who’d blame him for wanting to get as far from The First Order as he could? But he completed Poe’s mission and he’s here . Finn’s body is firm and hot, and Poe is still pumped up from his successful attack over Takonda. He’s letting his mouth run on its own steam, when he notices that Finn has kept his jacket. The family heirloom he’d thought he’d lost on Jakku. He drops his hands, fingers ghosting along the front. “Keep it, it suits you.” Poe pulls the jacket back onto Finn’s broad shoulders, biting his lip before he says anything too incriminating. He doesn’t know Finn that well yet. “You’re a good man,” Poe tries not to let his attraction cloud the fact that he means it. Finn is more than just easy on the eyes; he’s a good person who helped BB-8 and the Resistance. He might just be the distraction Poe needs right now. # Instead of more pleasurable things, Poe is helping Finn to plead his case with the General. He’d told her about Finn before, the defecting stormtrooper who’d saved his life, and he could see from the way she glanced at him before turning to Finn that she remembered. Poe keeps back, watching Finn as he explains about his friend being kidnapped. Poe tries not to feel a twinge of jealousy, but he figures Rey must mean a lot to Finn, his girlfriend maybe. Oh well, that’s one daydream shattered. The General talks for a while before dismissing them, asking them to return to a strategy meeting in a couple of hours. Finn watches as General Leia walks away, his expression falling. “C’mon, buddy. I’m starving. Let’s get some food before the meeting,” Poe bumps his shoulder into Finn’s. Finn smiles, a radiant beam that lights up the room. “Yeah, I could eat.” Poe watches Finn’s expression as he leads him through the base. Finn is all wide eyes and surprise. It’s enough to distract him from the other itch he wants to scratch. For now, at least. Though when Poe’s pilot buddies start talking, he wonders if it was a mistake to introduce Finn to them. “This is the mysterious Finn, huh,” Snap looks him up and down. “Poe didn’t shut up about his stormtrooper in shining armour.” Jess snorts a laugh, which is unflattering because she sprays a little of her food, Poe thinks, leaning back in his seat in a huff. “So this is Poe’s latest? He’s cute, I see why you like him,” Jess says. He ignores them to look at Finn. Finn has still got that wide-eyed, surprised face but he’s taking it all in, glancing at Poe quickly before looking away. There’s a hint of desire in his expression that surprises Poe, but he can work with that. “C’mon guys, he’s just got here. Let him settle,” Poe says. “I’m surprised you haven’t settled him in yourself. Normally the first thing you do after a mission,” Jess nudges Snap in the ribs. “Guys.” That’s all Poe says, but he says it with his Black Leader voice. They know that means to shut up. His idiotic friends have probably ruined his barely-formed plans to invite Finn to his quarters after the meal. Poe risks a glance at Finn. He’s staring down at his plate with a strange expression. Poe goes for the easy question. “The food okay, buddy?” “Yeah, it’s just... There are so many flavours. It’s kind of hard, you know? I’m used to plain nutrition packs.” The First Order are scum, Poe knows this, but they don’t even feed their troops properly? “Don’t worry about that, gimme a sec,” Poe grabs Finn’s plate and heads to the food, picking out the plain flavours. Some fruit, some nuts. Things that might not confuse Finn’s inexperienced palate. “Try these, buddy. Nice and simple.” Poe sits back down next to Finn, sliding the tray across. Finn looks at Poe, trust implicit in his gaze. Poe grabs a few nuts, throwing them into his mouth and chewing. Finn follows suit, his expression changing as he swallows. “This, this is better,” he grins at Poe. “There’s plenty of food like that, buddy. We can keep stretching those taste buds for you.” Poe hears Snap start a comment about stretching something else, but it turns into a huff. Someone elbowed him in the ribs. Good. Normally Poe doesn’t care about the banter, but it’s obviously not appropriate around Finn. It’s also obvious that Poe’s other plans about Finn were probably not a good idea, either. He’s younger than Poe usually goes for, and he seems way too ignorant of life outside of the First Order. That’s strike two. It’s enough for Poe to back off, however much he likes the look of him. Instead, he stays in the mess with Finn for the next two hours. He finds him snacks to eat, introduces him to people on the base. Poe can be a charming host. The time flies as he watches Finn open up to the world around him, trying new flavours of food, laughing at Snap, watching the other people interacting in the mess hall. He’s obviously overwhelmed, but he’s still got a big grin on his face. Poe has many reasons to hate the First Order, but seeing how they’ve mistreated someone as obviously good as Finn, well, his hate blossoms even more. Poe claps a hand on Finn’s shoulder, to be greeted with a wide smile. “Buddy, let’s go freshen up and head to this meeting. You’re got a girlfriend to find.” Finn laughs at that, shaking his head, but he follows Poe. # Starkiller base is destroyed. Poe pulls away from the exploding planet, whooping over the comms. It was, even if he says so himself, some of the best damned flying he’s ever done. Made even better when he sees the Falcon also leaving Starkiller base. “Let’s go home,” Poe says before shifting into hyperspace. It’s been a tough fight, not everyone is coming home and he’s full of nervous energy. After he missed out following Takonda, he really needs to get some action. To remind himself that he’s still alive. He knows in his gut he should leave Finn alone, there are plenty of other people he can hook up with. Everyone is going be drinking and celebrating, it shouldn’t be a problem. He might not be touching Finn, but he’s going to buy him a drink or five for taking out those shields. Poe exits Black One and heads towards the Falcon on autopilot, not really thinking. He waits, shifting from one foot to the other as the ramp drops. Finn’s had a rough time, he deserves a party. Then the bottom falls out of the world. It’s not Finn coming down the ramp, but Chewbacca. He’s carrying someone in his arms. Poe can’t take a breath. It’s Finn. Finn is injured. Chewbacca lays Finn on a transport as a medic checks him. “He’s hurt. We’ve got a heartbeat.” Finn’s alive. He’s still alive. Poe takes a deep breath. There’s a young woman standing at the bottom of the Falcon’s ramp. This must be Rey; the woman Finn had to rescue. She’s the reason Finn is injured. She loves him and she’s not following him? Poe throws her a glare before jogging after the transport. If she won’t be there for him, Poe will do it. Poe isn’t stupid. He’s worried about his friend but he also knows that the medics are good. Dr. Kalonia is leading the team in the intensive care pod. She’s more than capable, she’s saved Poe’s life on a number of occasions, but he still waits outside until he hears more. He’s also getting angrier and angrier than Finn’s supposed girlfriend hasn’t come to check on him yet. He deserves better than that. Poe would send BB-8 to fetch her, but he doesn’t know where his droid is either. “Poe, go see the General,” Dr. Kalonia’s voice interrupts his thoughts. “How’s Finn?” Poe straightens up, trying to peer over her shoulder. “He’s in a medically induced coma while he heals. He’ll be all right.” She pats him on the shoulder. “Go on, Leia is looking for you.” “Thanks Doc. Message me if you anything changes.” Poe relaxes a little. Her face softens. “Don’t worry, he’ll be fine.” # Poe finds where Rey and BB-8 are. Everyone is in the strategy room, because they’ve found the map. His mission is finally a total success. The map to Skywalker is complete. Poe even forgets to be mad at Rey, he’s so excited. He punches Snap in the shoulder, grinning around the room. “You need to leave as soon as you’ve seen Finn,” Poe hears the General tell Rey. “You and Chewie have a long journey.” Poe glances back at Snap who just shrugs. Who is this woman that General Organa trusts to find her brother? “There’s a rumour she’s a Jedi,” Snap whispers. A Jedi. Poe takes another look at Rey as she’s heading out of the room. Probably the only reason she’d be good enough for Finn. If she’s good enough, having to be told to visit him. He knows he’s being unreasonable. He’s heard what happened to Han, how Finn got injured. Rey probably got stuck in debriefings. Still, if it was him, he’d have at least asked someone else to check on his boyfriend. Does she even know anyone else here? He wonders. Poe realises that Rey is even more alone than Finn. Finn at least knew him. He sighs and heads back towards the medbay. At a slow pace though, he doesn’t want to get in Rey’s way. Let her say goodbye to her boyfriend in peace. “Poe, a moment,” General Leia calls out before he leaves the room and he heads back to her. She eyes him, her frown deepening. Sometimes he wonders how strong the Force is with her, because she’s glaring like she’s read his mind. “There’s enough going on now without…” she waves a hand. “I’ve asked Rey to leave. She didn’t want to until Finn woke up, but she understands the importance my brother holds.” “Yes, General.” Poe says before taking a step closer. “I’m sorry.” Her change of expression shows that she understands he’s talking more of Han than of Rey, and she turns, dismissing him. Not before he sees the wetness in her eyes. # Rey must have said goodbye in record time, because Finn is alone in the intensive care area. Poe slips past a nurse and heads to his bed. “Hey buddy, there’s a party soon. You should come. I bet you didn’t have many parties in the First Order.” Finn is lying on his back, the only sign of life his chest moving with his breathing. Medically induced coma. Poe should have asked how long it would last. He glances around for a medic, but there’s no one in sight. “I have some things I need to do, but I’ll be back.” As he’s standing up, he spots his old jacket, Finn’s jacket now, crumpled in the corner of the room. He picks it up, wincing at the burn on the shoulder and the giant slash down the back. Poe stares at Finn then. How deep did the lightsaber cut? Is his spine intact? Will he walk? The jacket is so damaged, he’s not sure it’s fixable. Is Finn the same? “Oh, Finn,” he leans on the bed, taking Finns hand. It feels too cold. “Poe?” The voice is familiar. It’s his hookup nurse, Jared. “Just visiting my friend.” Poe doesn’t look around and squeezes Finn’s hand. “You, ah, need anything?” Jared steps closer. “Not today, sorry pal.” Poe has no interest in sex at the minute. All his adrenaline high has faded away at the sight of Finn’s lying in a hospital bed. “Anytime you need, you know where I am.” Jared waits a second before heading away. “All right, Finn. I do have some things to do. The Resistance never stops, even when we’ve just blown up the bad guys base.” He lifts the ruined jacket and tucks it under his arm. “I’ll be back later.” He looks for Dr. Kalonia, but he can’t see her. He’ll find her when he comes back. See how long this coma is for. # Poe’s had a shower and changed into his informal clothes. Now he’s got his feet up on a desk in the strategy room, a datapad in his hand. He’s been Black Leader for long enough that he knows this is the worst part of the job. Writing the next of kin notifications. They won this battle, but he lost good people doing it. He starts with Teffer, who was the youngest of his team. Eventually he finishes the last one, Ello Asty, before flinging the pad away and rubbing his eyes. “Everything all right, Poe?” He opens his eyes, sees Jessika Pava in front of him and General Leia in the distance staring. The General is in her diplomatic uniform. Poe shrugs. “I’m okay. I’ve just written too many of these things.” “Use C-3PO. That’s what he’s for,” Jess slaps his feet off the desk Poe stands, stretching. “Nah, my mother told me some things need a personal touch.” “I told Shara that,” Leia smiles at the memory. Poe ducks his head, remembering how close his mother and General Organa were. “What can I do for you guys?” “The Falcon is leaving. I know you didn’t get off on the right foot, but come say goodbye.” Poe shrugs at the datapad and gives his widest smile. “I’ve done the hard work. I got this.” # Poe sees Rey, standing on the grass by the Falcon, a staff in her hand. He walks faster than the General, deliberately getting there first. BB-8 is with him, rushing ahead beeping. “Rey. I’m Poe. Poe Dameron.” Rey looks at him, then down at BB-8. “Finn mentioned you.” She stares back, her jaw set. She looks like a Jakku scavenger, heartless and cold, Poe thinks. “I know he’s important to you. He’s my friend too. Beebee-Ate and I will look after him for you.” “Really?” Her stern expression breaks out into a warm smile. “Thank you. I’m so worried about him.” That smile, Poe thinks. No wonder Finn loves her. She’s not his type, but she is beautiful. “Yeah, don’t worry. I’ll make sure to give you updates. Whenever the General allows communication, anyway.” Poe sees Leia heading closer and moves away. BB-8 stays to coo a goodbye. Maybe Rey’s not so bad, he thinks. She looks just as lost as Finn. Next chapter: The chapter where Finn wakes up and Poe’s whole world changes. Chapter 2 : The Ex-Stormtrooper: Finn Summary: Poe Dameron believes in a lot of things, but he doesn’t believe in love. After he meets ex-stormtrooper Finn, his world changes. Will Poe understand what those changes mean, or will he destroy the best friendship he’s got? The chapter where Finn wakes up and Poe’s whole world changes. Starkiller base might have blown up, but it’s not like life has stopped. Poe still has missions to fly and recruits to train. Sure, he might’ve picked the bacta supply run, but it wasn’t just to make sure there was plenty for Finn. Finn. Who they say should be waking up any day now. Poe hurries his evening meal, thinking about checking in with the medbay before finishing off his recruitment analysis. “Force knows why Rey thinks he can look after Finn. He can barely look after himself,” Jess laughs. Poe flicks some food at her, not looking up. “Finn doesn’t need me looking after him, he’s in medbay.” “I guess that’s why you’re in there every evening,” Snap murmurs. “Because he’s so looked after.” “Guys, it’s been seven days. I popped in once or twice. Doesn’t mean we’re engaged or anything.” Jess and Snap both snort at that, so Poe pushes his tray away and leaves them to clear it, laughing at their expressions. BB-8 whistles at them for being rude and rushes after him. The missions have been pretty simple, nothing too dangerous that’s got his blood pumping. Still, it’s been a good while since he’s had sex. Well before Jakku. Poe wonders if Jared is on duty tonight. The intensive care pod is empty apart from Finn. Finn who is still lying on his back, unmoving. Poe pulls up a chair and grabs his hand. “Seriously buddy, you’re not making it easy on me. I’ve got reports to write, and you’re still in here slacking off.” Nothing. Poe’s used to this. He leans back in the chair, still holding on to Finn’s hand. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Jared in the other room. He’s about to call out when there’s a change in Finn’s breathing. “Finn?” Poe stands up, leaning over the bed. Finn coughs, squinting. “Oh shit, one sec,” Poe dims the lights and fills a glass of water. “That better for your eyes?” He brings the glass up to Finn’s lips, helping him take a sip. Finn coughs again. “Poe?” His voice is scratchy and low. “It’s okay, you’re safe back on D’Qar. Kylo Ren knocked you down, but Rey beat him. You’re safe, buddy. We’re all safe, thanks to you.” “Rey? Where’s Rey?” Finn’s still squinting, but he’s turned his head to stare at Poe. “She’s okay too. We got the map to Skywalker. She’s gone with Chewie to find him.” Finn leans back against his pillow, closing his eyes. “Rey’s gone?” He sounds so lost. “Finn, she’s not gone forever. She asked me to tell her the second you woke up. In fact, Beebee-Ate – can you go ask the General to send Rey a message?” BB-8 rolls out of the room beeping an affirmative. Poe turns back to Finn and grabs his hand, like he’s been doing all week. Finn turns his head to look at him, blinking. “How’s the pain?” “I can’t feel any pain. I guess you guys have got good medication.” He smiles, weaker than his usual beam, but it warms Poe to see it. “That’s good. Well, the doc says you’ll be up and about in no time. A little physical therapy, but you’ll be able to walk again.” Finn blinks, tears forming in his eyes. “I’m not worth all this trouble.” Poe leans forward, squeezing Finn’s hand. “Wait, not worth it? Didn’t you just rebel against your conditioning to rescue a handsome and dashing pilot,” Finn laughs, so Poe continues laying it on thicker. “The best pilot the galaxy has ever seen, no less. Escaped Jakku with a Jedi called Rey, saved BB-8 from the First Order. Completed my mission. I think there may be more I’m forgetting too, something about rescuing your girlfriend Rey and taking out Starkiller base.” “I didn’t do all that,” Finn shakes his head, but he’s smiling again. “True. I did hear something about that handsome hotshot pilot helping by blowing up Starkiller. Finn, you’re one of the bravest people I’ve met. You’re a hero.” Finn looks down, but he squeezes Poe’s hand. Poe wonders how often he’s been complimented in his life. Knowing the First Order, nowhere near enough. “All the others can’t wait to meet you, you know. Remember you met Snap and Jess before the mission? They already know how awesome you are, but there are people all over the base who want to meet the hero. You saved us all.” Finn leans closer, his smile blinding. “Poe, they’re gonna be disappointed. I’m not special.” Poe leans closer too, his face inches from Finn. He’s about to speak when the door opens and a doctor rushes in. “Mr. Dameron. You should have told us the second Finn woke up. Please leave,” she says. Finn shrinks back into his bed, pulling his hand back to his side. He looks horrified to be caught touching Poe, scared stiff of someone in authority. “Actually, doc,” Poe just pushes his chair back a little. “Finn wants me to stay. He’s still not used to the Resistance and I promised to break him in.” The doctor huffs, but Poe uses his most charming smile and drops a quick wink to Finn. He stays in Finn’s line of sight, making sure that however much the doctor prods or pokes him, Finn has his friend’s smiling face in view. Finn’s sweating and tired when the doctor finally leaves. But she has left them with some good news – Finn will be discharged tomorrow. “I’m going to let you sleep, buddy. But I’ve not got a mission tomorrow, so I’ll be here to help get you out of here and settled. That sound good?” “Tomorrow,” Finn says around a yawn. # For the first time in a week, Poe has slept well. No worries about Finn to stop him falling asleep, no Kylo Ren nightmares to wake him up. He slept so well that he is late to meet Finn. He rushes out, running across the base, ignoring all the people calling out their hellos. There’s already someone in Finn’s room. Poe pushes open the door and sees General Organa. Finn is sitting up in the bed and he looks terrified. Authority figures again. “General,” Poe says, pushing past her to stand by Finn. He’s not surprised when Finn reaches out and grabs one of his hands. He’s shaking. “I’m here to help now he’s being discharged.” “Perfect timing, Dameron. I was just about to tell Finn here he’d be bunking with you.” “General,” Poe tries not to feel dismayed because Finn is a good friend, but he’s used to his own space. He’s always had his own space. “Surely Finn wants his own room, you know, let him settle in—“ “No, Poe. That’s great. It’s so quiet in here by myself. I’ll sleep better with you.” Finn beams at him. His face is so innocent, but Poe’s mind instantly latches onto the thought of Finn sleeping with him . “Whatever you want, buddy.” If this can make Finn look so happy, Poe knows he’ll agree to anything. It won’t be long before Finn makes new friends and wants his own space. He smiles back. “You’re more of a love ‘em and leave ‘em type Poe, so having a roommate won’t cramp your style.” Poe rolls his eyes at the General as she heads out of the room. Luckily Finn is too excited to hear her. “With Poe? I’m staying with Poe. I’m staying with Poe.” Poe laughs, bumping their shoulders together. “That’s right, buddy. So what do we have to do to get you out of here, did Dr. Kalonia say?” Finn looks up, face crumpling into a frown. “It’s complicated. There’s a load of forms I need to complete and she says I’ve got to organise a schedule, arrange when I’m free to do physio.” Poe shrugs, sitting down on the bed next to Finn. “So what’s the complication?” “I don’t know what my orders are. I don’t know what’s expected of me.” Finn looks a little lost, staring at Poe as if he has all the answers. Poe takes a second, he doesn’t want to mess up Finn’s introduction to freedom. “Well, you’re here as a guest. You’ve not officially joined the Resistance yet. You don’t even have to join up if you don’t want. You can heal up and I’ll fly you to wherever you want to go.” “And if I want to stay?” Finn looks down, his hands twisting together. Poe grins, putting his hand over Finns to stop the nervous fidgeting. “I’ll be happy if you stay, for a start. Then you can figure out what you want to do. Learn to fly, be a gunner, work in strategy with the General. Hell, you’re a great shot; maybe you could be a Pathfinder like my father.” Finn’s still looking down at their hands, but he smiles. “Your father? Yeah, I like that. A Pathfinder.” “Well, you don’t need to decide today,” Poe says. Finn looks up, a small frown marring his face. “But I do. I need orders. I’m not used to making decisions." “Yeah?” Poe tries not to think about his hate for the First Order, but it’s tough. They ruined Finn’s life. Finn turns his hand over, lacing his fingers through Poe’s. When he speaks, it’s soft, almost a whisper. “When you asked me about Finn, about if I liked my name. That’s probably the first time I made a real choice in my life.” Poe’s throat tightens up and tears prick at his eyes. He tightens his fingers around Finns. “Well, I ain’t giving you orders, but how about I help you to figure out a schedule – for your physio, for resting, food breaks?” “Yeah!” Finn’s face opens up again and it’s like the sun coming out from behind a cloud. # If Poe made sure that Finn’s food breaks and downtime away from the medbay coincided with his own, then it was because Finn still didn’t know many people. Poe just wanted to ensure Finn had time to ease into life on D’Qar with a friend at his side. Poe helps him with all the forms – registering him at the base, getting him some clothes, sorting out an official Resistance identity for him. After a snack lunch and Finn’s first physio session, they’re ready to leave. Finn is glaring at him, though. “I don’t want to use it,” he shakes his head. Poe pats the seat of the power chair. “Finn, the doc thinks you’ll need it for a few days at the most. You’ve healed well, far better than expected, but you still need to take it easy until you’ve done some physio, buddy.” “Poe,” Finn looks so sad that Poe almost feels bad, but he’s not going to screw up Finn’s chances to get better. He slaps the seat of the chair again. “C’mon buddy, you know how many times I’ve been stuck in one of these? At least ten. Well, ten that I’m admitting to, that time I got that rash on my, well…” He winks as Finn laughs. He holds out his hand to Finn and raises an eyebrow. Finn’s still smiling when he swings his legs over the bed. He makes a small hissing sound and straightens his shoulders. “I thought the doc had signed you out? Are you sure you’re okay to stand? Finn—“ “I’m fine,” Finn pushes off the bed, using Poe’s hand to steady himself before collapsing into the chair. “It’s only a little pain. If I was still in the First Order they’d have put me out of my misery by now.” Poe didn’t know he could still hate the First Order more. He has to stop and take a deep breath, then another. “Poe?” Finn turns his head. “Sometimes you say things about your life before and I just want to wipe out Starkiller base over and over.” “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to upset you,” Finn drops Poe’s hand, pulling his fists to his chest. “Don’t you be sorry,” Poe squeezes his shoulder, the uninjured one. “You’ve done nothing wrong, buddy. C’mon, let’s show you how the Resistance lives.” Poe keeps chatting as he guides Finn across the base, pointing out people “Iolo and Karé. They joined the resistance with me,” to places, “the shooting range, we need to see how good you are. Most stormtroopers can’t hit a hanger door,” before Poe pauses inside the barracks. “This one is my room, uh, our room.” He taps in a keycode, showing Finn the number. “It’s all yours for as long as you need to settle in.” He parks the power chair by the side of the door, holding out a hand for Finn to take. He helps him stumble across the room to drop on the recently-cleared spare bunk. The beds in his room are wide, easily enough for two. Poe’s commander rank comes in useful sometimes. “So, what do you think? Nice?” “I thought you’d have stuff everywhere,” Finn looks around at the bare room. A few photos by Poe’s bed, a couple of models of X-Wings. Nothing too much. Poe makes a face, squatting to his heels in front of Finn. “Pilots, you know. I like to live as if every mission is my last, however safe it’s supposed to be. I don’t want to leave a room full of junk for my friends to throw away.” Finn looks away, his face crumpling. “That’s a tough life, Poe.” Poe pats his knee, smiling. “It’s fine, buddy, honestly. I’m happy, I got great friends, I kriffing love flying. I just, you know, don’t need to leave anyone, anything behind. I’ve seen what that does.” Finn looks like he might burst into tears, so Poe changes the subject. “I got you a leaving the infirmary present, buddy. Check under your pillow.” Finn blinks rapidly a couple of times before he tugs at the pillow to reveal Poe’s old sandy coloured flight jacket. Finn picks it up like it’s the most precious thing he’s ever seen. “Is it… you fixed it?” He turns it over, examining the shoulder and the added patch on the back. “Your jacket.” Finn is smiling fit to burst, holding the jacket tight to his chest. “Your jacket, remember. I told you to keep it,” Poe grins. “I didn’t fix it though, buddy. I wish I could’ve, but I asked my friend at the Quartermasters who’s good at this kind of thing.” “Besides my name, this is the first present I’ve had. It’s the only thing I own.” Finn strokes the leather again, lifting it to his face. “You’re gonna be wearing it soon. But first, how about a shower after a week of sonic baths?” Finn laughs, laying the jacket down on his pillow, fussing to straighten it. “Yes, I smell so bad.” “Well, I didn’t want to say anything, pal, you know but--“ Poe stops, laughing as he ducks the pillow Finn throws at him. “You’re lucky you got the best pilot in the Resistance as a room mate. We have our own refresher.” Poe moves to Finn’s side and helps him to his feet, sliding one arm around his waist. Despite his jokes, Finn smells wonderful. Plus he’s warm and his body is strong and— Poe stops that train of thought and tries to remember he’s looking after an injured friend. “Five steps to the ‘fresher. Think you can make it?” “Of course,” Finn clenches his jaw, leaning against Poe as he walks across the room. Poe keeps one hand around his waist and uses the other to help steady him. The door opens automatically and Finn slumps against the wall. “The water controls are there, soap and all over there,” Poe points. “Think you, uh, think you’re okay or do you need me to help?” “Could you,” Finn ducks his head, “perhaps help me get undressed? Then I’ll be okay, I think.” Poe swallows and moves to Finn’s back, so he can access the ties on the medical gear. “Sure thing. I’ll go get you some spare clothes after.” He reaches up to the ties at the back of Finn’s neck, marvelling how beautiful Finn’s darker skin looks against the pale cloth. His shoulders are broad, and Poe’s hand shakes as he pushes the cloth away. “So how bad is it?” Finn asks. “What?” Poe stops staring at his friend and continues removing the shirt. “The scar? How bad?” Poe eases the shirt off, one hand trailing down Finn’s back. There is a big scar that crosses his spine from his shoulder to his waist. It’s healing well, but still angry and swollen in places. “It makes you look like a damned hero. Rey won’t be able to resist you, pal.” Poe drops his hands to Finn’s waist and the drawstring pants. “Can you get these?” “I don’t think I can bend, sorry,” Finn’s voice is soft and he sounds embarrassed. “Buddy, its fine. You think I haven’t seen a hundred cute asses before?” Poe smiles when Finn laughs and shakes his head. Finn fumbles with the cord, then the trousers loosen and slip to his hips. Poe is really trying not to stare, but it’s been far too long already and Finn is just too good to look at. He’s incredibly fit, but not too overly muscled, with broad shoulders angling down to a slim waist. Poe keeps his eyes fixed on Finn’s back as he slips the loose trousers lower. When they puddle around Finn’s feet, he kicks them away, then leans back into Poe’s hands. Poe steps back quickly, dropping his hands and turning away. He’s way too hard and distracted to be alone with Finn right now, especially as Finn seems to love being touched. “I’ll go sort your clothes. I’ll be just outside.” Finn glances at him with a shy smile, moving to the controls. “I got this.” Poe backs away, watching as the hot water hits Finn. He looks amazing; soaking wet, water running down his thighs, dripping from his ass. Poe really needs to get laid and soon, or Finn is going to kill him. He heads back to their room, distracting himself by finding some of his own spare clothes and laying them on Finn’s bed. In a day or so, Finn will have something of his own, so these will have to do for now. He can hear Finn in the shower, hear the water splashing against his skin and his pants suddenly feel way too small. He’s left it far too long, he’s going to scratch that itch tonight before he does something stupid. Finn does not deserve this. Poe grabs his datapad and sits on his bed. He might as well read some of the feedback on the new recruits. He loses track of how much time passes when he hears a faint ‘Poe?’ “Finn, buddy?” Poe drops the datapad on the bed and rushes to the fresher. Finn is leaning against the wall, his face crumpled and his eyes closed. Poe rushes to his side, wrapping an arm around his waist. Finn slumps against him with a sigh. “I’m okay, I’m just a little tired. The water was so warm, I think I stayed stood up too long.” Poe doesn’t say anything, rubbing his thumb over Finn’s hipbone. He half-carries him out to his bed, turning and lowering him so he can collapse backwards. “I’m sorry, I should have stayed with you.” Poe squats in front of him, keeping his eyes fixed on Finn’s drawn face. “Stop apologising, Poe,” Finn frowns at him. “I did this to myself. It’s not your fault.” Poe shakes his head. “Fine, well how about I help you get dry, huh?” He goes back to the fresher and grabs a couple of towels. He throws one at Finn’s head, smiling when Finn laughs. “You do your top half, I’ll get your legs. No bending.” “I’m not a kid, Poe,” Finn says, but he’s less annoyed with himself now so he’s smiling a little. “I’ve seen you naked. I know you’re not a kid,” Poe gives his best lascivious smile. It gets a laugh, which is what he wants. He starts at Finn’s feet, broad and strong. No scars. His ankles are fine boned, with strong, well-muscled calves leading up to smooth knees. “Man, you make my knees look knobbly compared to yours.” Poe jokes as he dries them. “Old man knees,” Finn says, ducking his head to hide his grin. “Oh, we’re doing this are we?” Poe laughs, grabbing one of Finn’s feet. “Let’s see how much you laugh now.” He starts to tickle the sole of Finn’s foot, gratified when Finn’s whole face changes. “What, oh Poe, stop. What is that?” Finn slides down the bed, laughing. “Never had your feet tickled, eh buddy? This is what you get for insulting Poe Dameron.” Poe eases up a little, making sure Finn doesn’t hurt his back before swiping his fingers across for a last tickle. “That’s crazy,” Finn beams at him, wiping at his face to hide the tears. For a second, Poe thinks he hurt him, then he realises Finn is laughing so much he cried. Poe’s face aches with his own answering smile. “There are so many more places I bet you’re ticklish, want me to find them?” Poe wiggles his eyebrows. “I’d like that,” Finn says holding Poe’s gaze with a shy smile. That’s not a good sign, Poe realises. Damn it, he knows better than to flirt with people fresh to the Resistance. He knows this. They all see Poe Dameron, Resistance Pilot and get awestruck. He doesn’t want to ruin his friendship with Finn. He picks up the towel, all business. “Let’s get you dry, then we need to grab dinner.” Poe ignores the way Finn’s eyes drop where he’s holding the towel and keeps his touch light and fast. Nothing teasing about it. He sits back, looking away to let Finn finish drying himself. When he’s done, Poe slips some loose trousers around his feet, keeping his eyes on the ground as Finn pulls them up. He pulls on some socks and shoes as Finn fusses with a shirt, but he keeps quiet. When he does help is the moment Finn struggles to put on his old jacket, Finn’s jacket now. He pulls it over his shoulders, sliding his hand down the collar to flatten it against Finn’s chest. “It really does look good on you,” he says to break the silence. Finn smiles, shaking his head again, lifting a hand to be helped into the chair. Next chapter: The chapter where Finn and Poe bond. Chapter 3 : Finn and Poe share a room Summary: Poe Dameron believes in a lot of things, but he doesn’t believe in love. After he meets ex-stormtrooper Finn, his world changes. Will Poe understand what those changes mean, or will he destroy the best friendship he’s got? The chapter where Finn and Poe bond. It’s a little later than usual, so the mess hall isn’t too busy. Poe sees his friends Karé and Iolo but he just waves at them and chooses an empty table. He kicks a chair out of the way and pushes Finn up close. Finn looks wiped out, so Poe wants to keep it simple for him. No questions about his past or snide comments about Poe from anyone else. BB-8 slips past them to go beeping around one of the other astromechs. “Let me just get us some food,” Poe squeezes Finn on the shoulder before heading over to the serving tables. He sees Karé watching him but he doesn’t acknowledge her. There’s plenty of food Poe wants Finn to try, not too many strong flavours, no spices. He picks a couple of different juices to try and grabs a water just in case. Balancing two trays, he heads back to Finn, sliding the food in front of him before slipping into a chair at his side. “How you doing buddy, rested after the shower?” “M’okay, thanks Poe,” Finn doesn’t look up from the trays. He looks subdued and Poe misses his smile. He moves a little closer, leaning so that their shoulders are pressed together and he takes Finn’s hand. “It’s okay. I know it’s a lot to take in, and with your physio and painkillers, you’re probably gonna get wiped out quickly. But you’re young and fit. You’ll be well in no time.” Finn turns his hand over and links their fingers, smiling his shy smile. “I think I’m just tired and hungry.” “So, let’s eat!” Poe waves his free hand over both trays. “I got a little bit of lots of things. Try them and see which ones you like best.” They spend the next twenty minutes laughing and talking as Finn tries out the food. Poe keeps the conversation going, pointing out people who enter or leave the mess, making up hilarious stories about Karé and Iolo when they leave. He half convinces Finn that they’re secretly married before Finn spots his expression and just shakes his head. “Hey Dameron,” a voice calls out. Poe looks up and sees a white red-haired comms technician he doesn’t know well. “That the stormtrooper. Why is he free to walk the base, huh?” Poe drops Finns hand and pushes himself to his feet. “This is Finn and he’s a member of the Republic.” He makes it clear by his tone that this is the end of the conversation. “I don’t know why Organa doesn’t just shoot the traitor. He turned once, who’s to say he won’t turn again,” the red-head says. “Don’t insult Finn or the General, pal. I mean it,” Poe takes a step closer to the guy. “He’s probably a double agent—” The guy doesn’t finish his sentence before Poe has leapt the table and knocked his legs out from under him. Poe is so angry; he doesn’t even hesitate to put a knee on the guys chest to pin him down. “I told you who he is. If General Organa approves him, who the kriff do you think you are to insult him. Get out of here.” Poe presses his knee down a little harder, the guy underneath coughing a little, before Poe stands up in one fluid movement. Poe looks down on the ground at the guy, memorising his face. “Beebee-Ate, get this guys ID. We need to let the General know people don’t trust her.” [Got it Poe] BB-8 replies, whirring in a circle nearby. [I’ll pass it on to her tomorrow.] Poe stares down at the flushed guy one last time before heading back to the table. Finn is sitting still, frozen, his face hard to read. Poe notices that his hand is trembling though. He slides in next to him and takes the hand, pulling it close to his chest. The guy pushes himself to his feet, scowling. “Fucking Dameron and his toyboys.” Poe starts to stand again, but Finn pulls his hand, shaking his head. “Don’t go, please. It’s okay,” he murmurs. “It’s not okay for people to talk about you like that,” Poe argues, but he settles back down, pulling himself close to Finn again. He rubs his thumb over Finn’s hand and forces himself to relax. “No, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have left you alone.” Finn’s face twists at that. “I don’t need you here to look after me. I just... there’s no need to fight over me. I am just a stormtrooper. I don’t blame him for not trusting me.” “Finn, you’re a damn hero.” Poe says, but he can see Finn’s not really listening any more. His head is lowered and he’s fighting back tears. “Have you eaten enough? I’m so wiped out, we should go rest.” “Yes, please. Let’s leave.” Finn nods, pulling his hand back to his chest. Poe pushes him back to their room in silence. He keeps a hand on Finn’s uninjured shoulder, rubbing it every so often, but Finn doesn’t move. BB-8’s head swivels between Poe and Finn, but he keeps quiet. Poe makes it back to their room, pushing the door closed. BB-8 rolls into a corner and dips into low power mode. Finn doesn’t speak, hauling himself out of the chair and lying in his bed, facing the wall. “You need anything?” Finn shakes his head, curling up. “Lights, 30 percent,” The lights dim. Poe sits down on the bed next to Finn, lifting his head so he could slide it onto his lap. Finn stays still, but he doesn’t pull away. Poe places a hand on his head, massaging gently. After a few minutes, Finn relaxes, one hand creeping up to clutch at his hip. “Finn, buddy. You can tell me anything, you know this. What’s up?” “It’s stupid.” “Nothing you think or feel is stupid to me.” Finn shifts a little, rolling over so he can see Poe in the soft light. “I never had a friend before you and Rey. The other stormtroopers in my fire-team, they all had nicknames. FN-2000, he was Zeroes because he loved having a straightforward designation. FN-2003 was Slip, because he was always slipping up. FN-2199, he was called Nines.” Finn pauses and sighs. Poe rubs Finn’s head, loving the feel of his short hair. “Nines, he was the one who called me a traitor at Maz’s. I know you probably didn’t see, I mean I saw you flying, Poe, you were incredible. But on the ground, Nines attacked me, he hated me.” “You left, buddy, you escaped. Who knows what the First Order said about you.” Finn shakes his head. “It’s not even that. Even before, they never gave me a nickname. They called me an outsider. They laughed at me.” His voice cracks and he buries his head in Poe’s lap. “I told you it’s stupid.” “How is being lonely stupid? Finn, your problem is you were too good for them. You stood out because they didn’t deserve you, your kind heart, your generous nature.” “You sound like Captain Phasma,” Finn mutters. “Uh, I do?” Poe tries not to be offended, but Finn obviously hears it in his voice because he pokes his hip with his fingers. “Not in a bad way. No, I was a good trooper, she thought I had real potential. But she kept disciplining me for my empathy. I cared about keeping my squad alive and that made me weak.” “Oh Force, those bastards,” Poe pulls Finn tighter and kisses the top of his head. “Finn, you know they’re wrong. You must know that caring about people is the right thing to do.” “Yeah, Poe. I do now. But, you know Slip? FN-2003? I only left because you killed him.” Poe pulls back from where he is kissing Finn’s head. “What?” “It’s okay, you didn’t know him. He had no trouble shooting civilians. It was on Jakku, just before you got captured. It was our first deployment, and typical Slip, he got shot in the first few seconds out there. I wanted to help him, but—” Poe strokes his back, murmuring ‘it’s okay’ against his hair. “If he hadn’t died, if I hadn’t realised that caring was more important to me than loyalty to the First Order, I might still be there now. A faceless stormtrooper who could shoot at civilians like Slip.” “But that isn’t you, that was never you.” Poe keeps rubbing circles against Finn’s skin. “I’m scared, Poe. What if more people think like that guy in the mess. What if they make me leave?” “Finn, nobody here would make you leave. I’d stop them, for one. But it’s not just me. General Organa likes you, you know. She came to see you when you woke up. She asked me about you every day, buddy. She trusts me, so she trusts you.” Finn doesn’t reply, his hands tightening for a moment before he shifts into a more relaxed position. Poe doesn’t even realise Finn has fallen asleep until one of his own legs has gone dead. He sighs, pulling the edge of the blanket to cover his knees. He’s getting too old for this, but he’s slept in worse places before. # Poe wakes up before Finn. Finn’s rolled over slightly, his head still in Poe’s lap, but now his face is up, so Poe can see how relaxed he is in sleep. His face is even more beautiful, the curve of his eyebrows, the shape of his cheekbones and strong jaw, with soft, full lips Poe wants to imagine all over his body. Poe slides out from under Finn quickly, lowering the sleeping man’s head onto a pillow. Sometimes he is ashamed of his own libido. He might be feeling horny, but that’s no need to take advantage of his sleeping friend. He considers taking care of himself in the shower, but there’s not much time before he’s due on a mission today and there’s something he wants to do first. After changing into his orange flight suit and inflatable vest, he heads towards the command centre. It’s still pretty early, but he knows the person he wants will be there. “General, may I have a word” Poe says. The General is alone, so she merely cocks an eyebrow at him as he holds out a datapad. “I have a combat mission today, but it’s Finn’s first full day out of medbay. Here’s his schedule, can you make sure there’s someone to help him with his power chair, or get to the mess or—” “Dameron. Poe .” She puts a hand on his shoulder, smiling. “I’ll take care of him for you. Go lead your team.” He nods, turning on his heels and almost missing it as she chuckles to herself. He jogs back to their room. He drops down onto his heels and takes one of Finn’s hands, squeezing it to wake him. “Poe?” Finn blinks, a warm smile lighting up his face. His fingers twine around Poe’s. “Hey buddy. I have to go run a mission, but I’ll be back for dinner. The General has organised some help getting you orientated, probably either Kaydel or Pamich, knowing her usual assistants. They’re both really great people.” Finn’s smile slips a little, so Poe places his other hand on top of their tangled fingers. “The day will fly by. You have a tight schedule we came up with, remember?” “You’ll be back later?” Finn sits up with a yawn. “I will. I’ll be here to pretend to fetch you food just so I can steal it.” Poe grins. “You okay to get in your chair, or do you need me to help?” “No, I feel much better.” Finn pulls his hand back and stretches. “I slept much better here than in the medbay.” He glances down at the floor, his voice going quieter. “I woke up and you were still next to me.” Poe leans back a little, shrugging. “It was in a bed, you were warm and there was a blanket. Ask me to tell you about the time I spent a week in a swamp with only a kowakian monkey lizard for company. Now that was rough.” Finn shakes his head again, which Poe is starting to recognise is Finn calling him on his outlandish stories. He grins even wider, patting his friend on the shoulder. “Okay, I have to run. Tell Beebee-Ate to pass on that message to the General, then ask him to stick with you. If you need anything and no one else is around, BeeBee will sort you out, buddy.” “Go on, Commander. They’ll be waiting for you,” Finn pushes him away with a smile. Poe gives him a gentle pat on his cheek and exits the room. He’s got a full day ahead of him and he better get a move on if he wants to make it back in time for his dinner date. # The mission does not go smoothly. Reports of a First Order base seem exaggerated, and Poe and his squadron recon the area in record time. They’re about to leave when Poe spots an anomaly. He doesn’t have BB-8 with him, so he asks Snap to fly lower to check it out. That’s when the TIE Fighters drop out of lightspeed, one after the other. The intel was a trap. “Lock S-foils in attack position,” Poe said. “Stay tight, guys. Eight of them and four of us. This is easy.” There is a moment when Poe is worried that they won’t pull it off. Iolo took a hit and Karé had to get the two TIEs off his damaged ship. Snap took one of the other TIEs, leaving five for Poe. It comes easily to him, flying. The one thing he is always sure of in his life. He barely has to think as he nudges the stick forward, dipping his X-wing’s nose as the fighter surges forward. He spins his X-Wing into a corkscrew dive, taking out two TIE’s as he does so. Breaking to the right, he finds himself behind another TIE and with one shot it’s not there any more. The last two ships are following his every move as he tries to shake them. They’re relentless. He should be worried, but he’s not. He’s promised Finn dinner. He closes both of port his engines to a trickle, yanking the stick hard to starboard. The X-wing wheels around with his nose pointing toward them. Two shots, and then there are no more fighters. “Damn it, Black Leader, leave some for us,” Karé says. “You got two, I got five. Even Snap got one today. It’s Iolo who’s slowing us down,” Poe jokes. “How’s the ship, bud, make it back to base?” “Roger that, Black Leader.” Iolo sounds shaken but Poe trusts his judgement. “I’ve messaged Brance. We’ve got clearance to leave.” All around him the X-Wings stretch and snap into hyperspace. Poe waits until they’re all safely through before he follows. # After flying the way he’s done today, Poe thinks he might die if he doesn’t get rid of some of his tension. He’s landed safely and jumps down from Black One. He’s mentally tallying the people he has causal agreements with when he hears his voice being called. “Poe! Poe Dameron.” It’s Finn. It reminds him of after Takonda, with Finn standing on the flightdeck, a giant grin on his face and his arms wide. Poe runs forward, standing on his tip-toes to wrap his arms around his friend. “Buddy, good to see you,” he whispers into Finn’s ear. He tightens his arms. “No chair! How are you doing?” “How am I? You were the one who got attacked by TIE fighters!” Finn tightens his own arms. Snap wolf whistles at them, but Poe ignores it, holding on to his friend. “Finn, it was fine. An easy fight. No one was injured. I’m here, buddy, I’m fine.” “Sorry, I’m just so tired and these painkillers. I got myself all worked up.” Finn laughs, pulling away. Poe stops hugging, but he leaves their hands laced together. “You’re out of your chair already, no wonder you’re tired. Should you be on crutches or something?” Finn shakes his head. “The doctor said it’s something to do with my stormtrooper background. I had all these healing meds and, I don’t know. I have a real fast metabolism, so I heal fast. It also means I get hungry, too. I still need to do physio and I can overtire myself, but I’m okay.” “That’s such good news!” Poe wraps his arm around Finn’s waist and turns him towards the base. “C’mon, I have to debrief the General then we’ll go celebrate my mission and your back.” Leia is unhappy with the bad intel, but pleased they got out with only one damaged X-Wing. So pleased that she gives the pilots a day off to recoup. The mess hall is busy. The pilots are shouting, there’s alcohol somewhere and it doesn’t take long for the whole room to be filled with a warm buzz. Poe is moving about the room, chatting to everyone, having a few drinks, but he’s keeping an eye on Finn, checking in every few minutes or so to see he’s not bored. It’s while he’s next to Finn, one arm draped around his shoulder, when Jess hands him a guitar and points to the front. “Jess, come on. I’m the one who got the most TIE’s, how come I gotta be the entertainment too?” “Poe, what’s that?” Finn asks. Jess burst out laughing and Poe knows he’s lost. “Fine, I’ll do one song. Then it’s someone else’s turn.” Poe takes the guitar and moves from his chair to sit on the table, facing Finn. “You heard anyone play a guitar before, buddy?” Finn shakes his head, his eyes wide. “Music was all marches and military stuff. You’re not playing marches are you?” Poe feels laughter bubbling, but he just smiles. “Not quite. Relax, you’ll see,” he winks. Poe picks at the strings, checking for tuning, before he sits a little straighter and bites his lip. He angles his body so he’s facing Finn, and starts a tune. It’s one of his favourites, an old Yavin 4 love song his father used to sing for his mother. Not that anyone here speaks the language to know what he is saying. Poe starts singing, loving the expression on Finn’s face. Finn shows every emotion, shock, surprise, and then sheer joy passing across his face as he watches Poe. Poe aims the song at him, crooning the slow parts with a raised eyebrow, belting out the chorus to the room. People are pushing closer, and soon Poe is surrounded by smiling faces. He keeps his focus on Finn though, because he’s just so gorgeous to look at. His face gleams in the dim light, his teeth bright against his skin. As the last note echoes away, the room erupts into cheers. Poe laughs as Jess grabs the guitar and other hands are all raised, trying to high-five him. He winks at Finn before turning to the rest of the room and standing on the table to bow. He hears Finn laugh behind him, but Poe gets distracted when he sees a tanned, blond comms officer wink at him. He’s not one of Poe’s regular fucks, but it’s obvious he’s enjoyed the music enough to offer Poe something extra tonight. The way Poe feels about Finn, he needs this, he has to do something before he ruins his friendship. Poe jumps off the table towards him, about to see if he can sneak in something fast and dirty when he hears Finn call his name. “Don’t worry about it, kid. Poe’ll be back once he scratched his itch. He’s always the same after combat,” Snap says. Poe freezes, furious with Snap. He loves his team but sometimes he wishes they could keep their thoughts to themselves. “Scratch…Oh.” Finn sounds so heartbroken. Fuck. Poe shakes his head at the comms guy and turns around in time to hear Jess. “Poe is absolutely shameless.” Poe forces a wide smile as he slides across the table back to Finn. “Ignore these two, they think they’re funny.” Finn nods, but he keeps his eyes on his hands. Jess mouths ‘cockblocked’ at him, but Snap can tell Poe’s annoyed and he steers her away. Poe slides closer to Finn, putting his arm around his shoulders like before, but Finn is stiff and tense. He can be pretty innocent about some things, but it’s obvious he understood Snap and Jess. “Did you like the music?” Poe asks, leaning to see Finn’s face. Finn just shrugs. “It’s a song my father used to sing for my mother. You only sing it for, uh, for your best friends. For people you care about. That’s why I sang it for you.” “You did? You sang it for me?” Finn peers up at him through his eyelashes. “Didn’t you see?” Poe winks. “Barely took my eyes off you, buddy. I love seeing how much you enjoyed it.” Finn relaxes against Poe’s arm. “I’ve never heard anything like that before. Poe, you can really sing.” Poe leans closer, resting his head on Finn’s shoulder. “You think I can sing. I’m taking you to meet my father on Yavin 4 sometime. I’ve got nothing on him. You’ll never want to listen to me again.” “I always want to listen to you, Poe.” Finn smiles. “That’s why I sang for you. My best friend.” Poe grins, happy he’s distracted Finn. He’s still horny as hell, and sitting so close to someone so beautiful isn’t helping, but keeping that smile on Finn’s face is the most important thing right now. They stay at the party a little longer, but Poe stops mingling, sticking with Finn, only leaving to fetch snacks or drinks. Poe keeps an eye on the alcohol, but Finn is definitely well beyond tipsy by the time Poe calls it a night. His arm is tight around Finn’s waist to help keep the younger man upright. They’re both stumbling a little, but Poe thinks Finn’s about ready to drop. He’s got half-formed plans about sneaking back to the party as he pushes open the door to the room and drops a relaxed Finn onto his bed. BB-8 is powered down in the corner. Poe is heading into the refresher to wash his face before heading back out when he hears Finn whisper something. He turns back, dropping to his heels in front of his friend. Finn is sitting on his bunk, his head lowered. “Sorry buddy, I didn’t catch that.” Finn doesn’t look up. “I said if you wanted that itch scratched, I can do it.” Poe freezes, glad that for once he isn’t touching Finn. “Sorry pal, I think the others gave you the wrong impression.” “No,” Finn looks up, his jaw set. “No I understood. I’ve told you, I’m not a kid. You think we didn’t get the urge as stormtroopers? I’m used to taking the edge off with people I never met. Sometimes we barely removed any armour. It had to be all over in a few minutes before we got caught. It’d be better to be with you. I want it to be better with you.” Poe drops his gaze to the floor, taking a deep breath. “Finn, buddy. We just met a little while ago and we saved each others lives. We’ve been thrown together by fate, you practically imprinted on me. I can’t take advantage of that. Not just for a quick fuck.” He sees Finn flinch, his hands pressed tight together. “A quick fuck is what I’m used to. I’m happy with that. I get tense too, you know. All this physio, I need some release.” “I understand that, pal. But I value our friendship. I don’t want you to wake up in a weeks time, or two weeks and hate me for using you.” “Who says I’m not the one using you ?” Finn snaps and Poe almost cuffs himself. Of course, Finn is in love with Rey. He’s not after anything serious. But still, he’s so young. Would he even like Poe if they hadn’t escaped together? Probably not. “Kriff, Finn.” “You keep touching me. Why do you keep touching me if you find me repulsive?” “What? No, no, that’s not the problem. Stars, Finn, you’re beautiful. I can barely keep my hands off you.” “So don’t. I want this. I want you.” Finn holds out a hand. Poe looks away and ignores it. “Because however much I want to, it’s not right. I’m too old, you’re too young—” “You think I’m some innocent. Some dumb stormtrooper who knows nothing. What, not even good enough for a quick fuck by the hero Poe Dameron?” Poe stands up, his anger flaring. “Finn, I know you’re drunk, but, kriff. I’ve made it clear you’re more than good enough. It’s just a bad idea.” Finn is speaking again but Poe just holds up a hand and storms out of their room. He’s so angry, his chest is tight and he’s almost panting. Finn wants him, he fucking wants him and there’s no possible way Poe can do anything about it. So many reasons; he’s too young, he doesn’t know what he wants, he’s drunk. Poe makes it back to the party, grabbing a bottle of Correlian whiskey from the side. He ignores everyone trying to talk to him, stealing a comfy chair and curling up in it. His mind doesn’t stop going over how Finn looked, how he sounded. Has he made the right decision? What if Finn is right, if he is in love with Rey, what harm is there in a little fun now and then? Poe guesses Rey doesn’t mind, or Finn wouldn’t have brought it up. Finn’s far too nice a guy to want to hurt someone he loved. “Fuck,” Poe can’t think, he doesn’t want to think, so he keeps slugging the whiskey until he can barely remember what he was upset about. Next Chapter: The Chapter where Finn and Poe spend quality time together. Chapter 4 : Poe gets what he needs Summary: Poe Dameron believes in a lot of things, but he doesn’t believe in love. After he meets ex-stormtrooper Finn, his world changes. Will Poe understand what those changes mean, or will he destroy the best friendship he’s got? The chapter where Finn and Poe spend quality time together. Poe wakes up slumped in a chair in the back of the room, a blanket thrown over his knees. There’s an almost finished bottle of Correlian whiskey in his lap and he stinks of it. Poe’s head hurts. The mess hall is far too bright and noisy. For a second he can’t remember why he’s sleeping in a chair. The sun is barely up and it’s cold. Then he remembers Finn. What Finn said, what Finn offered and how Poe rejected him. Poe somehow managed to fuck up his friendship with this amazing man. “Oh kriff.” Poe staggers to his feet, still far too drunk. He thinks back over last night, how by the end of it he wasn’t sure what he should have done. Does it matter how old Finn is, he’s certainly old enough to make his own decisions. If he’s in love with Rey, surely he’s not got a soft spot on Poe just because of their escape? He’s still confused when he gets to their shared room, waiting outside to listen. He can’t hear anything, then there’s the hint of a low groan. Has Finn fallen, or hurt his back? He’s still injured and Poe left him drunk and alone. Poe unlocks the door. The room is still dimly lit, but he can’t see Finn in his bed. Did he imagine it? Then he hears another moan, louder this time. It’s from the refresher. Poe imagines him fallen on the wet floor, his back damaged again. Kriff. He moves to the door, opening it. Inside the room, he sees Finn. Finn has not fallen. Finn has not hurt himself. Instead Finn looks like a dream of perfection; everything Poe has ever desired. Finn is standing against the wall, his head thrown back, eyes closed as water sluices down his body. His feet are braced apart, but that’s not what has caught Poe’s gaze. Finn is lost in the moment, touching himself and moaning Poe’s name. Poe can hardly breathe. This. Finn offered him this and he turned it down. “Finn?” He doesn’t want to watch without Finn knowing he’s there. Maybe Finn hasn’t forgiven him for leaving, maybe— Finn opens his eyes and licks his lips. “Poe, please.” Please. That’s all Poe needs to shuck his clothes in record time and touch this flawless man. Poe tucks his face into Finn’s throat, raining kisses down his wet skin. He licks and bites and tastes. He’s desperate for this, has needed it for days, but its better, so much better because this is Finn . Finn leans down to kiss his lips, but Poe shakes his head. “No, no lips.” Poe never likes kissing with his hookups. Too romantic. Too confusing. He just needs release. Finn hisses when Poe moves his legs, lining up their hips so they stand cock to cock. They’re the perfect height for each other. Finn’s hands slide down Poe’s back, clutching his ass as Finn rolls his hips towards Poe in greedy thrusts. Poe moans against Finn’s throat at the pressure, bucking forward against him. Soon both men are rutting against each other, hard movements of their hips giving almost enough relief. All Poe can feel is Finn’s cock dragging against his own over and over. Poe whines in the back of his throat as Finn moans his name. Poe swipes his tongue over Finn’s body, feeling Finn shudder when Poe’s teeth scrape against his nipples. Finn moans, his hips jerking. Poe reaches down to take them both in hand. The tip of his cock keeps pressing against Finn’s stomach. It all gets too hot and too much. Finn’s movements become erratic, his mouth pressing hot against Poe’s neck. “Poe, I’m close. Poe ,” Finn moans. Poe knows he can’t hold on much longer either. Poe lifts his head, making eye contact. Their noses brush together, mouths panting hot air between them. Poe can see how much Finn needs this, the pleasure on his face, the heat from his skin. Then Finn moans his name as he comes, messy and wet over Poe’s hand. Poe’s lost; he’s done this to Finn. Sweet, beautiful Finn moaning his name. His brain whites out for a time as he shudders through his own orgasm. His heart feels like it might explode out of his chest and his knees buckle, only Finn’s strong arms holding him in place. Poe’s still half-dazed as they stumble out to Finn’s bed, draping a towel over it before falling against each other. Finn rests his head on Poe’s chest, their legs tangled together. They’re both breathing hard, but they’re smiling, leaning close. “I’m sorry I didn’t listen last night. I know you can make your own decisions. I should respect that,” Poe says, kissing the top of Finn’s head. “I was being pushy too. I know you’re not a one man kind of guy, Poe. But I just wanted you to have options.” Poe laughs, running a hand down Finn’s damp arm. “Oh, I approve of this option.” “I’m too inexperienced for you and that was probably awful, but I want to learn. I want to be good for you.” “Finn, sweetheart. You were amazing. Don’t worry. Why do you think I’m just lying here getting my breath back.” Poe feels Finn smiling against his chest and he tightens his arm around him. He feels good, really good. More relaxed than he has in days. He doesn’t even realise he’s falling asleep. # Poe wakes up to see Finn leaning over him. Finn’s dark eyes stare at him for a moment and Poe’s about to ask if he’s okay, when Finn shifts and traps Poe’s nipple between his teeth. “Force, what a way to wake me up,” Poe gasps. Finn lifts his head and whispers. “I want to try something, Poe. But I have no idea what I’m doing.” Finn’s hand hovers just above him. Poe shivers, instantly growing hard as the sight of his fingers desperate to touch. “Please,” Poe says. That’s all it takes for Finn to grasp the base of Poe’s cock, darker skin contrasting against his own copper-beige abdomen beautifully. Heat curls in Poe’s stomach and he bites his lower lip. Then Finn’s mouth is on him. It’s hot and wet, and it takes all Poe has not to buck up. Finn can’t go down very far, but he’s using his fingers and his tongue and that’s plenty. Poe groans and presses back into the bed. He watches Finn’s face, his breath hitching. Finn looks so serious, like he’s concentrating so hard to make it good for him. Poe rubs his fingers across Finn’s head, feeling the soft texture of his short hair, the motion of his head as it bobs up and down. Finn looks so beautiful; Poe’s finding it hard to hold on. “Fuck, Finn,” Poe moans, his body melting into the bed. Poe feels Finn’s smile against him. Finn draws his tongue along the underside of Poe's cock, his fingers continuing to pull him as he whispers. “Okay, you can fuck me next.” At those words, Poe goes still and tight, the tension in his belly exploding. With a gasp, his body trembling, he comes over Finn’s hand. He sinks back, boneless and out of breath. A minute passes, then he’s half aware of Finn cleaning them both up. “Was that ok?” Finn asks with a frown. “Waking me up by blowing my mind? It’s more than okay, sweetheart.” Poe sighs. “I had to wake you up, I’ve got my physio soon,” Finn slides off the bed. He’s still fully naked, his cock hard and damp. “Don’t you want me to take care of that first?” Poe asks, still half-drowsy, half-mind blown from Finn’s mouth. Finn leans down right in his face, so close their lips are almost touching. “I meant what I said. I want stay like this, aching for your touch. I want to find out what you’ll do for me tonight. How you’ll take care of me then.” Kriff, Poe blinks at Finn, his own breathing speeding up again. The things he wants to do to this man. “You’re gonna kill me,” is all he manages to say. Finn laughs, moving away to dress. Poe watches Finn from their bed, his quick movements, his toned, muscular body. Why did he turn him down? Sometimes he’s too stupid for his own good. Once he’s dressed, Finn comes back to press a quick kiss to Poe’s hair, one hand running through his messy curls. “I know it looks stupid before I brush it.” Poe smiles up at Finn, still lying unashamedly naked above the blankets. “Poe, you always look perfect and you know it,” Finn ruffles his hair once more, then turns to go. “Will I see you for dinner or…?” “I’m free today, what do you have after physio?” Poe asks, stretching. He’s happy at the way Finn’s eyes eat him up. “Nothing. I got nothing.” “Meet me by Black One at lunchtime, sweetheart. I have an idea.” # Poe’s not exactly the romantic type. He doesn’t want to make this a date or anything, but he does love showing Finn all the new things he can. So if he spends a little longer in the mess kitchens than perhaps he should, it’s because he’s still trying to expand Finn’s palette. He puts together a big bundle of food and a couple of bottles of the drinks he knows Finn likes. He gets a blanket, a few other bits and pieces and stashes them in a speeder. He has no actual plan of what to do beyond taking Finn out to the lake, but he’s pretty inventive. He’s sure they can think of something. He leaves BB-8 with R2-D2 and C-3PO. They’ll probably have caused havoc by the time he gets back. It’s not long until lunchtime, so he heads back to their room to change his shirt, when he hears Finn talking. He doesn’t recognise the other voice at first, and then it hits him. Rey. They must have a call. He moves away, doesn’t want to eavesdrop, but he doesn’t miss hearing Rey telling Finn to do what he needs to be happy, and Finn telling Rey how much he loves and misses her. Poe heads back outside, blinking in the bright light. He didn’t mean to interrupt the two young lovers, so he doesn’t know why he feels so anxious. His chest is tight and he’s breathing heavily. Stupid. He manages to calm himself down in the few minutes it takes Finn to meet him by Black One. It’s a day out with his friend, to show him some more of the world outside the First Order, that’s all. “Finn, buddy,” Poe claps an arm around his shoulder, loving the feel of his jacket on Finn’s body. “I have a surprise. Let’s head over this way.” Finn walks beside him, his face tilted up to the sunlight. Poe’s lucky; it’s turning out to be a cloudless, bright day, perfect for a picnic. Finn is surprised but pleased at the sight of a speeder, happy to hop on the back seat. He wraps his arms around Poe’s waist, clinging on tight. Poe drives like he flies; quickly, with confidence and a lot of style. He can hear Finn behind him laughing and whooping. It reminds him of their first day, flying that TIE fighter away from their prison. “Not too far now,” Poe shouts. “Woohoo!” Finn replies, resting his head on Poe’s shoulder. Poe navigates round a few trees until he hits a secluded part of the lake. It’s big, sometimes other people do visit, but they rarely ride around to this far side. He pulls the speeder over, waiting as Finn disentangles himself and hops off the back. Poe throws the blanket at him, and then watches him wander over to the lake. Poe grabs the basket of food and follows Finn out from under the trees into the sunshine. Finn spreads the blanket on a flat patch of grass, before dropping down and sitting with crossed legs. “This place is beautiful.” Finn takes the basket off him, placing it down before pulling Poe to sit near him. “I like it. It makes me think of the lake near Maz’s, where I saved your life. Again.” Poe nudges Finn. Finn laughs, his smile bright. “The best pilot of the Resistance. Always looking out for me.” “You know I will, buddy.” Poe tickles Finn’s side, making him laugh and dodge away. “But before we get all serious, I’ve got a load of food to eat.” Poe watches Finn as he investigates the basket of food. He probably has no idea Poe cooked most of it for him, but it’s enough for Poe to watch him enjoying tasting everything. Poe lies back on the blanket, supporting his head on his arms. He nibbles bits of the food Finn holds out, but he’s not that hungry. He watches Finn, humming an old tune that his grandfather taught him. Finn glances over at him, different bites of food in either hand. “I like that, that singing.” “Humming.” Poe says, and then continues to hum to finish the song. “Another old habit from home.” Finn slides down onto his side, snuggling up next to Poe. He closes his eyes against the sunshine. “Tell me about your family.” Poe throws an arm over Finn and starts. He has stories about his mother Shara Bey the fighter pilot, and how she helped both Princess Leia and Luke Skywalker. Finn is a great listener, he gasps at the right places and is enthralled by the stories. He hangs on to every word until the people are safe. “And your father, the Pathfinder.” Finn tucks his head under Poe’s chin. “The thing I want to become.” “If you want to, you can.” Poe kisses the top of his head, sun-warmed and soft. Poe tells of his father the Pathfinder, still alive on Yavin 4. Part of a special forces strike team, Pathfinders are elite soldiers used for hard missions. Poe tells of the battle of Endor, how Kes Dameron worked under Han Solo to destroy the shield generator. “A little like you guys did on Starkiller,” Poe says. “Han didn’t survive his mission with me,” Finn mumbles against his chest. Poe squeezes Finn tight. “That’s not your fault though. I’ve spoken to General Organa. Han’s main reason for going was to try and reach Ben, uh, his son. He knew it might not work out. Sometimes you have to take risks.” “Do you?” “All the time, buddy. It’s part of what I do every time I fly. Fourteen of us went to Starkiller and only seven made it back. I’ve been at war since I was born; flying since I was six years old. I want us to end this so that the next generations know peace. Like my parents wanted for me.” Finn doesn’t reply, and after a few minutes Poe starts to hum again. He lets the sound of the water wash over them, the heat from the sun warming him through. He’s so relaxed he almost doesn’t hear Finn. “I wish I knew about my family.” Poe doesn’t answer right away, once again marvelling at how something so good can have come from such a foul institution as the First Order. “What’s your earliest memories? Anything from before?” Finn shakes his head. “Earliest I remember is physical training, shooting, all from about ten onwards.” “Ten? What about before?” “I think they re-condition you, make you forget anything but being a trooper. At least, they did me.” Poe tenses up, his anger flaring at the thought of them doing that to Finn, to any kid. No wonder he loves seeing new things, he’d probably never been allowed to remember anything but being a stormtrooper his whole life. “Don’t get mad, Poe, its okay.” Finn rubs a hand against Poe’s back, still with his head pressed tight against Poe’s chest. Poe almost lies, says he’s not mad but instead he waits a minute before replying in a calmer tone. “They might have made you forget your birth family, but you’ve got us now. Rey loves you. I’m always here for you. The General cares about you. Hell, even my squad think you’re the best thing I’ve done in years.” “The best thing you’ve done ?” Finn laughs. Poe smacks a loud kiss on his forehead. “Not like that.” Actually, knowing them they probably did think exactly that. But… “More like, you rescuing me, me rescuing you. Like it’s the start of some legend. Like Han and Leia, the Princess and the Smuggler. We’re Finn and Poe, the Ex-Stormtrooper and the Resistance Pilot.” “The Resistance’s best pilot,” Finn corrects and he sounds proud. “A legend. I like it, yeah. We’re legends.” Poe laughs. “Well, I think we need to put a bit more work into it, buddy. But yeah, that’s us. The next Han and Leia. Rey is the next Luke Skywalker, so it fits.” Finn relaxes his grip a little and lies back. Poe wants to kick himself for mentioning Rey. He’s probably made Finn miss her again, just when he was happy. “So, you’re all my family now?” Finn asks in a soft voice. Poe smiles, he didn’t mess up. “Yes, buddy. We’re all here for you. Always.” Finn tilts his head up, his smile bright even in the sunlight. Poe returns it, holding his gaze until the younger man relaxes back into his arms. They lie like that for a while longer. Finn asking questions about the places Poe has been, Poe telling half-exaggerated stories of all the mishaps he’s done. He lives to hear Finn laugh, so he makes the lies wilder and wilder until Finn is just shaking his head, tears falling from laughing too hard. They watch the sun go down; although if Poe’s honest, he stares at Finn looking at the sunset. The changing colours against his skin, Finn’s awed expression as the light disappears. “The sun just dropped away on Starkiller. There wasn’t this fading light, then colours, and, and… That’s incredible, Poe!” “It is beautiful,” Poe murmurs, watching Finn’s expressions. “But it’s going to get cold, fast. I don’t want that to hurt your back.” “Can we come here again sometime?” Finn asks as he stands, grabbing the food basket. “Sure we can come back here. Then when your back is better, when you can walk for longer, I’ll take you through the woods. There are some amazing waterfalls and caves. All sorts of things to see.” Poe gathers up the blanket, and throws it in the speeder. The rider back is a little slower. It’s almost dark now and Poe wants Finn to watch the woods come to life. The tiny glowing insects, the chittering birds that chase them. It’s quiet enough that Poe hears every sigh and laugh. The First Order might have ruined his youth, but Poe’s determined to make up for it. They get back to the base in time to see people streaming towards the mess hall. Poe’s not hungry, but Finn has a fast metabolism, so Poe points to the crowd. “You hungry?” Finn steps into his personal space, eyes fixed firmly on his lips. “Not for food.” Next chapter: The Chapter where Finn settles into Resistance life. Chapter 5 : Finn and Poe hang out Summary: Poe Dameron believes in a lot of things, but he doesn’t believe in love. After he meets ex-stormtrooper Finn, his world changes. Will Poe understand what those changes mean, or will he destroy the best friendship he’s got? The chapter where Finn settles into Resistance life. “Tell me what you want, sweetheart,” Poe says. He’s kneeling above Finn, ghosting a hand down his chest, tracing the lines between the defined muscle groups. Poe lowers his head, licking over and around Finn’s nipple before kissing up to his throat to bite a red mark right against his collarbone. Finn’s eyes flutter closed and his mouth falls open. “Tell me,” Poe whispers again. “I keep thinking about you, Poe. You touching me. You wanting me. You…” He pauses, turning his face to the wall. “You inside me.” Poe closes his eyes for a second, taking in the sight of Finn lying below him, aching for him. He’s so hard it’s painful. “I can do that for you, sweetheart.” “Please, Poe, oh, please,” Finn moans, his hands clutching at the bed. Poe shifts, reaching for the lube he’d dropped nearby earlier. He sits back, lifting Finn’s legs wide, hooking them over his shoulders. He slides a hand down Finn’s thigh, brushing the spot behind his balls. "Have you done this before, sweetheart?" Finn is still facing the wall. "Tried. It didn't, I couldn't...Too painful." “I understand. So have you, well, has anyone ever touched you there and made it feel good? Like you want me to?” Poe asks. Finn shakes his head, biting his lip. His eyes are huge; scared and needy. “Okay then, I’ll take it slow for you, sweetheart,” Poe kisses down his calf, leaning closer. “You’re so beautiful, Finn. I can’t wait to touch you.” Poe slicks his fingers, and then slides his hand along Finn’s inner thigh, letting him feel it getting closer. Finn sighs, widening his legs, so Poe is confident Finn wants this. “Tell me if you want me to stop at any point, sweetheart, it's okay.” Poe’s careful. He takes it slow, making sure Finn is feeling so much pleasure he feels no pain when he slides a finger inside. “That’s me, Finn,” he murmurs, leaning close. “That’s me inside you. Touching you. Wanting you.” He moves his finger, listening to Finn’s moans. He keeps going, adding another finger, spreading and curling them inside his lover. He sits back, so hard just from watching Finn. “Poe,” Finn seems able to do nothing but moan his name. His hands are gripping the sheets, his head thrown back. When Poe adds a third finger, he’s surprised that Finn bucks up, wiggling his hips. Poe feels Finn get into a rhythm, rocking up against his fingers. “That feel good, sweetheart?” Poe smiles as Finn nods frantically, his body thrashing against the bed as he pants. “More, Poe, please, I want you,” Finn opens his eyes, his gaze intense. Poe shivers with need, removing his fingers. “Anything for you.” Poe slides his hands along Finn’s body, shifting his hips so he’s in position. “Relax, sweetheart.” Poe’s careful, pushing into Finn with short, gentle thrusts. He takes his time, whispering. “That’s me, sweetheart, that’s me inside you like you wanted.” “Ah, Poe,” Finn’s head is thrown back, his body arching up as Poe pushes inside. “Just breathe. I'm here, I'll take care of you,” Poe tries not to think about how Finn feels, so tight around him, his hips still jerking, trying to pull Poe deeper. When he’s fully seated, he pauses, sliding his hands along Finn’s legs. “You okay, sweetheart?” Finn replies by rolling his hips, forcing a groan from Poe. Poe shifts, adjusting the angle of his hips. Finn gasps, his whole body arching off the bed. Poe starts to move then, timing his thrusts against Finn’s erratic hip movements. Poe slides a hand down Finn’s leg to his cock, but Finn gasps and pushes his hand away. “No, too much, m’so close,” Finn groans out. The movement pulls Finn hard onto Poe’s cock, the whole length deep inside. Poe cries out, almost losing it at the rush of sensation. Poe starts to move faster as Finn widens his legs, mouth falling open as he gasps in time with each thrust. Poe’s entire body is on fire, heat pooling down his spine until he thinks he’s going to burn up from the pleasure of it all. Then Finn is shouting, his whole body tensing around Poe as he comes. Poe keeps thrusting through it, then through his own orgasm until he’s too sensitive to move anymore. Poe withdraws carefully, holding Finn’s hips to keep him in place as he pulls out. He collapses next to the younger man, grimacing as he realises he should have cleaned up first. “Poe,” Finn kisses his forehead, his eyes damp. “Force, Poe I really do—” “I know, sweetheart,” Poe curls up beside him. “Shhh, it’s okay. I’m tired too.” # Poe wakes up before Finn again. Finn’s still deeply asleep, his arms and legs tight around Poe like he needs to hold on to sleep. Poe doesn’t move for a while, watching Finn breathe. He presses a soft kiss to his forehead, and then carefully extracts himself. Finn grumbles a little, but he doesn’t move. Poe closes the refresher door. He doesn’t want to wake Finn, but there’s no way he’s going near the General smelling of sex. She’s too sharp as it is. Once clean and dressed, Poe taps BB-8 awake. “Come with me, buddy. Shh, Finn’s asleep.” BB-8 tilts his head to show he’s understood and rolls outside. Poe heads towards the command centre. He’s had a day off, he needs to get back to flying. But it’s not his day. The General refuses. Says no combat missions while they investigate their intel. Says it’s time to recruit and train. “If that’s the case, I’ve got an idea,” Poe says. “Jess is busy scouting new locations, so I’ll leave her doing that. But what about Karé and Iolo and Snap? It’s time I devolved some responsibilities. Let them stretch their skill sets a little.” Leia just stares at him. Poe stops himself from fidgeting. She has the Force, she isn’t a mind reader. “Because you’ll be busy doing, what?” Perhaps she’s a mind reader. “I think I’m due a little recuperation time, after Jakku—” Leia waves a hand, frowning. Poe knows to just be honest. “I want to help Finn to find a place in the Resistance. He’s almost completed his physio. He’s a good soldier, he’s got intel on the First Order, he’s—” She rolls her eyes. “He’s your friend, and you want to help him. Fine. Just know that as soon as we’re back to combat missions, I’ll need you again.” Poe releases a breath. That was easy. “Of course, General.” She turns, dismissing him, but he hears her parting shot. “Look after him, Poe. Shara would be so happy for you.” Poe doesn’t know what to do with that so he ignores it. It’s as he passes R2-D2 that he has an idea. He stops, BB-8 bumping into his calf with a chirp. “Beebee-Ate, doesn’t Artoo have lots of backup data from the Empire?” [Yes, Poe. That’s why he had the map to Skywalker.] Poe drops to one knee in front of his droid. “I need your help, buddy. This is your top priority mission. I need you to work with Artoo on any data we have about stormtroopers, the old Empire, The First Order. I want you to find Finn’s family.” BB-8 coos a response, spinning in a circle. “That’s right, it’s the best idea. And I know you can do it for him, buddy. And keep it a secret for now. So it’ll be a surprise.” BB-8 disappears off, beeping and whirring with excitement. Poe knows better than to tell Finn anything yet, no point getting his hopes up, but he really wants something to come of it. He heads to the hanger and explains his plans. Karé and Iolo are fine, they get on it, but Snap is grinning from ear to ear. Poe ignores him and explains that this is about him trusting them. Snap shrugs, but he takes on the responsibility. When Poe gets back to the room, Finn’s not long woken up. He gives Poe a lazy smile and it takes all his self-control to not jump him. “Physio soon, buddy. Let’s go.” Finn grumbles, but he’s showered and dressed within minutes. This saves Poe explaining that he’s way too old to act like a teenager, however much Finn makes him feel like one. # Physio is tough. Poe stays back, out of the way, and lets the doctors do their jobs. He tries to do some paperwork, as a commander there’s always paperwork, but he can’t stop glancing over at Finn. It’s no wonder he’s healing so quickly, he pushes himself so hard. Finn is doing all the exercises, stretching his back, straining his muscles, and he’s pouring with sweat. Poe imagines it’s how he’s been trained as a stormtrooper, putting 100% into everything, but it’s made him so focused and strong. Occasionally he’ll spot Poe looking and his stern expression will break out into a huge grin. Then a muscle will twinge or he’ll be asked to do something else and his laser focus will be back. Eventually, Poe’s finished his paperwork and Finn’s finished his physio. Poe moves to his side, sliding an arm around his waist. Finn probably doesn’t need the support, but Poe knows he loves to be touched. “I’m starving,” Finn says, wiping at a drop of sweat on his brow. “Me too, buddy,” Poe laughs. The food hall is pretty busy, so Poe chooses the table with all his pilot friends. He sits Finn down to rest after his physio and grabs them some food. When he comes back, he realises they’re both the topic of conversation. “So, after Poe stole the TIE, what did you do?” One of the newer recruits asks, eyes wide. “Poe flew, like some legendary hero, avoiding all this fire from the ship while he taught me how to shoot back. We disabled the Finalizers guns, and then we headed back to Jakku,” Finn says. He looks a little uncomfortable at all the attention. “Yeah, he wasn’t happy with me taking him back down to the planet, I tell you,” Poe says loudly, clattering the trays to claim the eyes away from Finn. “We hadn’t even been properly introduced by then.” “Yeah, don’t stormtroopers have numbers, not names?” Someone asks. “Designations,” Finn says softly. “FN-2187.” “Yeah, I wasn’t gonna call him that, so I asked if he liked Finn,” Poe slides in beside his friend, pulling an arm around his waist. “You named him?” One of the younger recruits gasped. “If you named him, he belongs to you,” another one nods. Poe frowns, raising his voice. “I didn’t name him. I asked if it was okay if I called him that. Like a nickname, or something.” “He gave me a choice,” Finn says. “I chose to keep the name.” Poe slaps his hand on the table. “And I’m choosing to eat my food in peace now, no more gossiping. So someone tell me how training went this morning.” Finn leans his head against his shoulder as a quick thanks. Poe smiles at him, letting his officers explain how they’d managed the day. The recruits keep quiet, but their huge eyes barely leave Poe and Finn. He hears the odd whispered word – ‘stormtrooper, rescue, pilot’. Maybe their legend really will keep growing. After lunch, Poe leaves his pilots to their training and walks Finn across the base. “So now you’ve been here a little while, your physio is almost done, what do you think you want to do with your time?” Finn grins at him and raises an eyebrow. “I have created a monster,” Poe laughs, punching his shoulder gently. “You know what I mean.” “Pathfinder,” Finn says. “I can bring some of my trooper training to use there.” Poe nods. “Okay, how about for this afternoon we go to the shooting range. Tomorrow morning, maybe we can speak to the General and find out when the Pathfinders are back. How we can get you trained up.” They start moving towards the shooting range when Finn speaks up. “Will I need to speak to the General?” He sounds worried. Poe slings an arm around his shoulder. “She cares what happens to you, buddy. She cares about all of the Resistance. Why else do you think she gave me time off to help get you settled?” “She asked to you look after me?” Finn peers at him. “Actually, I told her what I wanted to do, and she agreed to it.” Poe laughs. “She’s pretty good like that. We’re here.” Poe drops his arm from Finn, instantly missing the warmth. He gets Finn set up, then takes a back seat while Finn checks out his gun. Poe’s a good shot with both his pistol or rifle, but he knows his skill with a gun pales compared to anything he can do from the air. So he’s happy to sit back and watch Finn. He’s rapidly realising he could watch Finn all day. Finn is a natural on the range, and Poe tries not to think about why. Instead of worrying about a past he can’t fix, he wants to give Finn a future he’ll love. Finn clears target after target. Even some of the more challenging sims don’t give him pause. “With scores like these, the Pathfinders will be begging you to join,” Poe leans against the back wall, legs crossed at the ankle. Finn grins, his face lighting up like the sun. “I was worried I’d be out of practice. You think I did okay?” Poe laughs, Finn’s score is perfect. “I’d say you can outshoot most people on the base. I’m lucky you saved me.” Finn ducks his head, turning back to the range. “You saved me .” “We both saved each other. We’re heroes. The rest of the base is just lucky to be around us, am I right?” Finn has to stop shooting to laugh, throwing Poe a fond look. “Do we need to stop?” “I don’t know, is two hours of shooting enough practice for you yet? You don’t want to strain your back.” Finn looks surprised and lowers the gun. “Uh, yeah, that’s probably okay. I’m sorry, you must be bored.” Poe gives Finn his most lascivious smile. “You, bending forward, flexing your muscles, dressed in my clothes? You think I could ever find that boring?” Finn rolls his eyes, moving to Poe’s side. Without even thinking Poe slings an arm around his waist and they head up the hill towards the base. “Mind if we drop in on the pilots for a bit? I need to check Jessika isn’t torturing Snap, or Iolo hasn’t collapsed in horror.” Finn shrugs. “It’d be good to see where you usually work.” “Okay, buddy. To the hangers!” # Poe doesn’t notice the time flying as he circles the area, checking in with his pilots, inspecting the X-Wings. He throws the odd glance at Finn, but he seems happy enough wandering the hangers, talking to the pilots he knows. It’s almost two hours later when Poe is finished, but at least he’s confident that he can be fully hands off tomorrow. He heads over to rescue Finn, but he’s pleased to see him talking animatedly to Snap. “What evils are you teaching Finn?” Poe leans close, wrapping his arm around Finn’s waist. “Snap said that a few pilots are watching some holovids tonight and asked us if we wanted to come too.” Poe doesn’t miss the ‘us’, but for once Snap doesn’t seem to be teasing, so Poe shrugs. “I had no plans, why not?” “Great!” Snap claps his hands. “Couple of hours, the side room off the mess hall. We’re organising snacks, bring your own booze or I’ve got my moonshine, and steal some cushions if you can.” Poe raises his eyebrow at Finn who nods enthusiastically. He’s not had the chance to hear Jess and Snap arguing the merits of a holovid partway through, he might be less excited next time. Still, anything that makes him smile is a win. “C’mon, let’s go chill. We got a couple of hours before we have to put up with Snap,” Poe steers Finn away. “I can hear you!” Snap calls out. “You were supposed to!” Poe calls back, winking at Finn’s answering smile. They head back to their room, Poe dropping his hands before they get inside. Finn’s proximity is far too distracting. Poe passes him a datapad full of information on Pathfinders and Finn is instantly absorbed. Poe wonders if his mixing of friendship with casual sex is a bad idea. It’s not like he’s in danger of falling in love or anything, but Finn is his best friend, he’s important to him. Poe doesn’t want to mess that up. Yet now he has these other feelings too. He looks at the curve of Finn’s back, the shape of his jaw, the way his bites his lower lip as he reads. Desire, that’s normal. But he wants to make Finn happy; he keeps thinks about ways to improve his life, he can't stop thinking about him. This is new for Poe. Poe turns away, lying on his own bunk and closing his eyes for a few minutes to ignore his own confusing thoughts. The next thing he knows is Finn leaning over him, a wicked smile on his face. “I thought we were going to see some holovids, not just nap all night.” Poe groans, rubbing a hand through his hair. “I told you I was too old for you. One day and I already need afternoon naps.” Finn laughs, holding out a hand to pull him up. “Go brush your teeth, old man.” Poe pretends to grumble, but really, it’s pretty nice to wake up to Finn. Next Chapter: The chapter where Finn and Poe are totally not dating. Chapter 6 : Poe lies to his friends Summary: Poe Dameron believes in a lot of things, but he doesn’t believe in love. After he meets ex-stormtrooper Finn, his world changes. Will Poe understand what those changes mean, or will he destroy the best friendship he’s got? The chapter where Finn and Poe are totally not dating. Finn’s enthusiasm to see a holovid for the first time means they arrive early enough to steal the long sofa big enough to hold them both. Poe sits at the end, still a touch drowsy, when Finn stretches out across his lap, his legs taking up the rest of the sofa. “This okay?” Finn says, leaning back with his head on Poe’s chest. “Perfect position to watch the holo, buddy,” Poe says, laying one arm around him, and using the other to massage his head. “Poe, I—” “Oh god, these two are disgusting ,” Jess scoffs as she walks in, arms full of food. She lays it on the table near Finn and grabs one of the big comfy chairs to herself. Snap follows her in, bottles in his hands. “I never thought I’d be sorry to see Poe settle down, but this is so sweet it’s giving me toothache.” “Shut it,” Poe laughs, throwing a cushion at Snap. “We’re here to watch a holo, same as you.” Snap catches the cushion and places it on a chair, making a big fuss of getting comfy on it. “Apparently we’re supposed to cuddle while we watch holos, Jess, who knew?” Jess makes loud, fake smooching noises at Snap, who collapses back in his chair laughing. Poe is saved from killing them, or at least grounding them, by the arrival of Iolo and Karé. Iolo blinks at him, his odd-coloured Keshian eyes staring for a moment at them, but he moves to the holovid and starts naming options. “You got a preference?” He asks the room. A small argument breaks about between Karé and Jess, but Poe knows Finn won’t have seen anything, so he doesn’t worry. Finn is sorting through the snacks, grabbing some of the really sweet stuff he seems to favour, when Snap hands them both drinks. “Don’t drink it too fast. Snap’s moonshine is lethal,” Poe warns Finn. Finn eyes the glass, screwing up his nose as he takes a sip. Snap laughs at his disgusted expression. “Tastes bad, but it does the job,” Snap holds up his glass in a toast. They finally decide on a holovid, and the room settles down as it starts. As Poe expected, it’s an action film, full of explosions and heroics. Perfect to keep Finn entertained. Poe lets the holo wash over him, enjoying the feel of Finn lying warm and muscular over his legs. His hair, soft and short, perfect for Poe to touch while he stares at the screen. Every so often, Finn rolls over a little, holding up some food for Poe to eat from his fingers. Poe teases him by nibbling his fingers, licking the sweetness off. “I see what they mean now,” Karé says, staring at Poe. “He passed me a snack!” Poe rolls his eyes as Finn pulls his hand away. She just shakes her head at him, leaning away in her seat as if she can’t stand to watch. “They’re just jealous of us, buddy.” Poe whispers to Finn during a particularly loud explosion. Finn laughs, turning his head to stare back. Finn’s face is inches away from Poe’s. Finn’s eyes drift down to Poe’s mouth and he licks his lips. They stay like that for a few seconds until Snap clears his throat and they move back to where they were. Poe keeps it together a little more after that. Not that they’re doing anything wrong, but he’s conscious of being watched. He still rubs Finn’s hair, though; they can’t see him doing that. By the end of the holovid, Finn has demolished most of the snacks, but he’s sensibly left Snap’s moonshine alone. He stretches his legs, smiling up at Poe. “You’re right, the infamous Poe Dameron has been tamed,” Iolo hands a bundle of creds across to Snap. Snap raises his hands in triumph, and Jess just shakes her head. “I told you it was a dumb bet. They’re practically married.” Poe pretends to glare. “Bets. Really. We’re not, you know, we’re not dating or anything.” “Pining at his bedside, picnics out to the lake, cuddling on the sofa. Oh yeah, you’re totally not dating.” Jessika just shrugs at him as she leaves the room, Snap high-fiving her as he follows her out. “Poe?” Finn frowns up at him. “Ah, ignore those guys. They’re mocking me, not you,” Poe shifts in his seat. “But it’s time to get up, buddy.” Iolo and Karé stay on their seats, watching at Finn stretches and holds out a hand to Poe. For once, Poe doesn’t instantly wrap an arm around his waist. They head outside, into the starlight before Finn moves to his side, resting his head on his shoulder. “I’m sorry,” Finn whispers. Poe pulls him close. “Nothing to be sorry for. We’ve done nothing wrong, those guys are just big gossips.” Finn mhms, staying close to his side as they head slowly back to their room. Poe takes his time, pointing out constellations, showing the dim spot that is Yavin. Finn keeps his head on Poe’s shoulder, nodding and murmuring as Poe talks. BB-8 still isn’t back in the room. He’s taking Poe’s mission to find out information about Finn’s family seriously. Poe strips to just his underwear then drops back on their shared bed with a yawn. Finn laughs, undressing himself before sliding in next to him. “Tired? I really am killing you, old man,” Finn grins at him. “M’not tired,” Poe lies. “So you won’t mind if I kiss you then.” Finn rolls closer, hands pressing down on his shoulders. Once Poe lies still, Finn moves his hands to his hair, stroking and tugging gently. “You have the most gorgeous hair I’ve ever seen. It’s criminal.” Poe shifts, loving Finn’s fingers massaging his scalp. “I love this little crease you have, here,” Finn whispers, kissing between Poe’s eyes. “It’s always there, but when you concentrate, or try and lie, it gets a little deeper.” Finn kisses along his eyebrow, short, sweet chaste kisses, stopping near his cheekbone. “And these marks. Beauty marks I think they’re called. Two of them near your eye, like a binary star. They’re so distracting. They move when you smile. And you smile a lot.” Poe sighs, leaning into Finn’s touch. Finn kisses along his cheekbone, murmuring about the shape of them, the tan skin, the pink flush. Poe had no idea being kissed like this could be such a turn on, but he’s pushing against Finn’s leg, breathing hard. “This scar, look at it,” Finn skates kisses around the sides of Poe’s lips for what seems like hours until Poe’s almost forgotten his own rule about no kissing of lips. But before Poe actually kisses him, lips against lips, Finn moves to his jaw, murmuring about his strong jawbone, his scratchy stubble. How much Finn wants to kiss every inch of his throat. Poe’s a whimpering mess long before Finn’s finished his kissing tour, barely able to hear or understand anything any more. All he feels are the soft caresses of Finn’s hands, his breath against his skin, his lips wet and warm. Later, what seems like hours of Finn worshiping him with kisses later, when Finn finally touches him, Poe explodes like a supernova. They lie side by side for a while, until Poe lifts his head. “Need me to do anything for you?” Finn shakes his head, rolling tight against Poe’s chest. “I enjoyed that more than I can explain.” Poe’s almost asleep, with Finn in place lying next to him, his head on Poe’s chest. It’s something Poe finds he’s getting used to. He presses a soft kiss to the top of Finn’s head before closing his eyes. “I love you,” Finn murmurs against his chest. Poe shifts. He must have been half asleep or misheard Finn. “What?” “I said I loved that.” Finn nestles his head against Poe’s collarbone with a sigh. Poe leans back against his pillow, listening to the slow sound of Finn’s breathing. # Poe wakes up. It’s dark. He’s a little confused. Then Finn kicks, his whole body shaking. Poe tightens his arms around him. “Finn?” Finn thrashes again, his face screwed up, his chest heaving. He’s dreaming. No. It’s a nightmare. “Finn, sweetheart. Wake up. It’s okay, I’ve got you.” Poe kisses his cheeks, his eyelids. “Finn.” “Poe?” Finn stops shaking, blinking up at him in the dim light. “It’s just a bad dream. You’re safe in our room on D’Qar, sweetheart. You’re okay,” Poe keeps kissing him, the top of his head, his neck and cheeks. “I didn’t mean to wake you up,” Finn pushes himself upright, moving to sit with his back against the wall. Poe shifts to sit beside him, taking one of his hands and holding it. Finn’s whole body is shaking. “It’s okay, sweetheart. I get them sometimes too. Its normal, the lives we’ve led. Want to talk about it?” Finn shakes his head, leaning closer. Poe sits in silence, holding his hand, hoping he’ll fall back to sleep. “I was too slow. In my dream.” Finn sighs. “Kylo Ren, he killed you.” “But that didn’t happen, sweetheart. You were brave. You saved me. We both escaped.” Poe doesn’t mention he has had a similar dream. Ren captured both of them before they escape, torturing Finn in front of him while he was helpless. “I just, what if I’d failed. I’d never have saved you. I’d never have met Rey. She wouldn’t be a Jedi. I don’t know where I’d be.” Poe swallows. Of course he’d be worried about his girlfriend. Everything that happened on the Finalizer led to their meeting. Poe thinks he and Finn had a destined meeting? From all he’s heard, it sounds like Finn and Rey’s was just as fateful. “I’m sure you’d still have met Rey, somehow. The Force is like that. If you’re destined to meet, you’ll meet. The whole of the First order couldn’t keep her from you.” Finn nods, patting the bed. “Can we..?” Poe lets him lie down, then curls his body around Finn’s protectively. “Sleep, Finn. I’ve got you, buddy.” This time it takes a lot longer for him to fall asleep. Next Chapter: The chapter where Poe runs a mission, because he obviously isn't running away. Chapter 7 : Poe lies to Finn Summary: Poe Dameron believes in a lot of things, but he doesn’t believe in love. After he meets ex-stormtrooper Finn, his world changes. Will Poe understand what those changes mean, or will he destroy the best friendship he’s got? The chapter where Poe runs a mission, because he obviously isn’t running away. Poe isn’t the first awake today. He rubs his eyes and yawns. He hears a noise, a woman giggling, and he lifts his head. Finn is sitting on the floor, his comm. open on his knee. It’s Rey. Poe can see bright light behind her, and her grinning at Finn. “Just make sure you don’t get hurt,” she’s saying. “I won’t. You know how I feel.” Poe can’t see Finn’s face, but he hears the affection in his voice. His chest tightens and he takes a deep breath. His eyes burn. “Speaking of, looks like he’s awake.” Rey waves at the screen. “Hi, Poe!” Finn looks over his shoulder and smiles. Poe nods once, curt. “I’ll leave you to it. Love you.” Rey scrunches her nose at the screen, holding up her hands as if reaching out to Finn. “Miss you.” “Love and miss you too,” Finn says, pressing his own hand to the screen. “Go be an awesome Jedi.” The screen cuts off mid-way through her laugh. Poe stands, walking past Finn to the refresher. Finn says something, but Poe closes the door and stands under the shower, pretending he can’t hear. It’s not like he didn’t always know Finn loves Rey. None of this is a surprise. It’s just meaningless sex. The pain in his chest is probably from sleeping under a cold draft or something. Once he’s clean, he feels better. Calm. Focussed. He dries himself and wraps a towel around his waist. Finn is lying on his bed, the blanket pulled up over his hips. Poe doesn't look him in the eye. “Poe?” He tilts his head. He looks confused. “I think there might be a mission. Hot footing it to see the General,” Poe says as he throws on some casual clothes. It’s not quite a lie, he often checks in first thing just in case. “Okay, I’ll see you after physio if you’re free?” “Sure thing. Otherwise if there’s a mission, well, I’ll let you know when I find out,” Poe shrugs and heads to the door. # There is no mission. “Anything. How about a supply run?” Poe begs. General Leia just glares at him. “Whatever you’re running from Poe, it won’t help.” “I’m not running. You know me, I live to fly,” Poe gives her his best charismatic smile. “I thought you’d finally found someone to live for,” Leia grumbles at him. Poe ignores her. “We always need supply runs. Please, General.” “Poe, it’s your team. If there’s a run to take, take it. Just promise me, whatever you think you’ve messed up, just try and fix the problem. Don’t run away the way Han always ran from me.” Poe shakes her hand, beaming. “I promise I’ll do whatever I can to make things right. When I come back.” Poe thinks about his promise as he prepares Black One for takeoff. He made a mistake, a big mistake, in sleeping with Finn. Despite what Finn told Rey, he’s too kind and big hearted not to get hurt. Poe’s never mixed friendship and sex before, so he didn’t know it would be like this. Feel like this. He’s dropping out of hyperspace over Nar Shaddaa when he decides on his way forward. The only decent thing to do is to stop sleeping with Finn. They can be friends without the sex, right? Poe did okay before with his casual hookups. Sure, maybe the sex wasn’t as intimate as it is with Finn, but maybe that’s the point. Poe stops thinking about it when he lands. Nar Shaddaa is a sprawling planet, similar to Coruscant, but much more corrupt. Still, he knows it well. He knows where to find the dealers who’ll provide the supplies they need without asking questions. It takes time though, and it’s late when he’s finally got a couple of deals drawn up. Two new suppliers who’ll deliver to a trusted source, who will then deliver everything to D’Qar. Poe should fly back to base, but it’s late, he’s too tired and he’s really not in the mood to talk when he gets back. There’s plenty to do on Nar Shadda, so he takes a stroll through the centre of the place. He’s staring at a monstrosity of a giant, golden Hutt statue when he feels a gentle pressure to his elbow. Poe looks at the pale man standing next to him. He’s a little younger than Poe, thick dark hair, cheekbones that could cut glass and startling blue eyes. Handsome, but not a patch on Finn. The man raises an eyebrow at him, a clear invitation. “Hey,” Poe says. “I thought to myself, there’s a man who looks like he could do with a devilishly handsome companion. I’m Col,” Col smiles wickedly. Poe thinks back to this morning. How Finn told Rey he loved her. How Finn had only wanted casual sex and Poe's the one who's brought all these feelings into everything. How Poe has now decided that he should end their whatever-it-is before he hurts himself anymore. Poe makes a show of looking Col up and down before replying. “You’re right, Col. I do appreciate that kind of companionship.” Next Chapter: The chapter where Poe drinks Snap's moonshine (and is also an idiot). Chapter 8 : Poe lies to Leia Summary: Poe Dameron believes in a lot of things, but he doesn’t believe in love. After he meets ex-stormtrooper Finn, his world changes. Will Poe understand what those changes mean, or will he destroy the best friendship he’s got? The chapter where Poe drinks Snap’s moonshine (and is also an idiot). Poe is walking towards the room he's rented with the man Col who flirted with him at his side. But Poe feels terrible. So what if Finn loves Rey, so what if Finn is using him, Poe's somehow managed to get feelings involved. He doesn't want a fumbled encounter with a stranger, not when Finn, handsome, brave, loving Finn, is back at D'Qar waiting for him. "I'm sorry, I can't do this." Poe stops. "Something wrong, something I can fix?" Col asks, one eyebrow cocked provocatively. “My heads not in the right place.” Poe thinks of falling asleep with Finn in his arms and steps back. "I've changed my mind." Col shrugs but his smile is still fixed on his face. “It happens. Need to talk about it?” Poe shakes his head, rubbing his face in his hands. “I probably do, but not with you.” “You’ve got it bad. He’s a lucky man,” Col says, taking a step back. “Do I, uh, owe you any creds?” Poe asks, fumbling in his pocket. This is the first time Poe sees the man’s face crumble. “I wanted you because I liked the look of you. No creds needed,” Col snaps. “Kriff, I’m a jerk. I’m sorry again,” Poe says. “Get some sleep. Go back to your boyfriend and apologise. Whoever’s fault it is, just be the bigger man and say sorry. You’re hurting yourself,” Col pats his shoulder. “Now go sleep, I need to try and find someone half as cute as you, or my night is ruined. Which means it’s ruined because you are a masterpiece my friend.” Poe nods a goodbye to Col. If only Finn was his boyfriend, this would be so much easier. The thought gives him pause. Is that the problem? Does he want that from Finn? Isn’t that effectively what a friendship with sex is? Poe’s never done this before, never wanted to do this before; relationships, feelings , he’s completely lost. All he knows is he's never been happier than when he's with Finn, but it's a happiness built on a lie. Finn expected no strings, and Poe is the one making it complicated and messy. Poe is too exhausted to think anymore, so he lets himself into his run-down room and lies back on the bed. He tries to relax, but images of Finn keep circling in his brain. Finn kissing his body, Finn asleep on his chest, Finn looking lost and confused when Poe left. He doesn’t get much sleep. # Poe wakes up by realising he never told Finn his plans. Did Finn know he might be gone overnight? Perhaps he asked Leia, or one of the other pilots said that Nar Shaddaa could be an overnight trip. Poe feels terrible; worried that Finn spent his time waiting for him. He knows how awful it is to wait for returning X-Wings. He gets back to his ship, relaying a coded message that his mission is complete and that he’s heading back. Hopefully if Finn is worried, that will be passed along to him. The trip back is long but uneventful. As Black One circles his landing spot, he can see Finn waiting nearby. Kriff. Maybe he has been worrying. After landing, Poe passes his helmet and gloves to a waiting technician, knowing they’ll look after his X-Wing for him. He turns to Finn, taking in his tired face and worried smile. “Hey, buddy. Good to be back,” Poe says. Finn runs towards him, wrapping him in a tight hug. He almost lifts Poe off his feet. “I didn’t know you’d be gone overnight. I had to comm. Rey to ask if she could see if you were all right through the Force.” Rey. She seems to always be Finn’s default person to ask anything. Poe shivers, feeling cold. He pulls out of the hug, patting Finn on his shoulder. “What can I say? There’s always something fun to do on Nar Shaddaa,” he winks. It takes a couple of seconds, but Finn’s blinding smile disappears, his face closing up as if Poe’s slapped him. Kriff, Poe can be an asshole sometimes. “Hey, hey, I’m sorry, I was joking.” Poe slings an arm around his shoulders, pulling Finn close, resting his head on Finn’s shoulder. His heart is racing. “My mission just took all day so I stayed over, is all. There's only you, sweetheart. I only want you.” Finn mumbles against him, his voice soft. “It doesn’t matter, Poe. We already talked about this. You’re Poe Dameron, I’m just an ex-stormtrooper who—” “You’re not just anything,” Poe catches and holds Finn’s gaze, raising his voice. “Finn, you’re a hero and you’re worth just as much as you seem to think I am. More, probably, because—” Poe stops, taking a deep breath. “Poe?” Finn’s voice is soft, unsure. “Because I meant what I said. You’re a good man, Finn.” Poe thinks of the joy in Finn’s face at the beauty of the lake, the fun he has chatting with the other pilots, the pure love on his face when he talks to Rey, and Poe knows what he has to do. He has to end this before he hurts either of them anymore. Before he has a chance to speak, Finn has pulled him into another hug, this time with Finn nestling his head under Poe’s chin. Poe rubs small circles on his back, holding him tight. He hates what he’s going to do, but it’ll be better in the long run. A little pain now rather than a lot in the future when Rey returns. “You guys are so cute,” one of the X-Wing technicians calls over. “When’s the wedding?” “Right? They’re adorable,” another one chips in. “Wish I had someone to look at me the way Poe looks at you, Finn.” “The Ex-Stormtrooper and the Resistance Pilot!” There’s a soft cheer from the people nearby. Poe hadn't realised just how many people have stopped to watch their reunion. Finn pulls his head back to glance at Poe, his face bright and beautiful. Poe can’t help his own returning smile. “Poe, I need to tell you—” Finn is interrupted by his stomach growling, and he steps back, embarrassed. “Sorry, I didn’t eat last night.” “Kriff, Finn. You know what your metabolism is like,” Poe frowns, rubbing his hands up and down Finn’s arms. Finn shrugs, looking at the floor. “I was worried. I couldn’t eat.” Poe places both hands on his shoulders, catching his eyes. “Finn, buddy. You remember what I said. Pilots, we don’t—” “You don’t always come back, I know . Doesn’t stop me worrying about my, about my friend, right?” Finn shakes his head. “That’s my fault, you shouldn’t have worried at all. Next time, I promise that if I can, I will always tell you my mission. Sometimes things happen fast, or it is need to know, but if I can tell you, buddy. I will. Okay?” Poe drops his hands. “Now, let’s go grab a late lunch, and you can tell me how your physio is going.” Poe sits and smiles as Finn talks about his back, how the doctor has reduced his physio to twice a week, how he barely has any pain anymore. Poe also notices that Finn’s trying a few new foods. Nothing too spicy yet, but he’s branching out and experimenting with flavour. Poe realises he’s proud of Finn, how well he’s adjusting to the Resistance. Finn doesn’t really need to lean on Poe for anything, so perhaps Poe will be doing him a favour by ending their casual sex arrangement. Maybe Rey will visit, maybe Finn will find someone else, but Poe knows this can’t go on. He has to stop it now before either of them get too hurt. “Commander Dameron?” A voice interrupts him. Poe looks to see Pamich Nerro, one of Leia’s aides. The young woman looks nervous, glancing between Poe and Finn. “What do you need, Pamich?” Poe asks. “The General wishes to see you, sir. Uh, both of you, Mister, um, Finn,” she stumbles over Finn’s name, embarrassed. “Tell her we’ll be right there,” Poe stands, holding out a hand for Finn. “C’mon bud, I need to tell her how my supply run went, anyway.” Finn is quiet on the way across the base, fingers gripping tightly against Poe’s hand. He still seems a little nervous of authority, probably down to years of abuse by his First Order officers. “Relax, buddy. Leia’s a pushover really, and she loves me,” Poe says as they get near her office. “Dameron,” her voice echoes out of her door. “You know I have no favourites.” Poe winks at him. “After me, you mean?” He says as they enter the room. Finn drops Poe’s hand and straightens up. She laughs, waving a hand for them to sit. “It’s true what they say about you, Finn, you must have a heart of gold to put up with this one for long.” Poe is pleased to see Finn relax a little, a small smile creeping on his face. “So Commander, thanks for your prompt report about your supply mission,” she raises an eyebrow at him. “I sent a written report from Nar Shaddaa,” Poe shrugs. “It went well; we have more of the things we need. I’m so charming that they dropped the prices, so I--” “You can stop reporting now, Poe.” She rolls her eyes at him, a smile tugging on her lips. “I had some news, for Finn mostly, but I thought it’d be good for you both to hear. Finn, I understand you spoke to Chewie about the Pathfinders?” Finn sits forward, nodding. “When I called Rey last night, she told me to ask him about them.” Poe pulls a face at Rey’s name. Leia catches him and she frowns. He puts on his best innocent face. “Well, Chewie told me about your interest in joining up, so I’ve been speaking to their current leader, Major Yang. She’s off-world training at the moment, but when they’re finished, they’ll be heading here to meet you.” Finn gasps. “She wants to meet me? I can apply?” Leia laughs. “Finn, you’re already accepted as a trainee. She’s sent over a list of skills, some training holos, lots of info for you. It’ll take time, you’ll be on D’Qar for a while, but when you’re ready, yes, you’ll be a Pathfinder.” Finn stands up, grabbing her hand to shake it. “General, ma’am. I’m so happy. Thank you.” She tilts her head to Poe. “Thank him; he’s the one who pointed out how invaluable you are. Then thank yourself, because he’s right. My aides have been watching your progress with your physio, your shooting scores. You’ll be a real asset.” “Plus your boss is only a Major. I can pull rank and bust you out whenever I want,” Poe grins at Finn. Leia shakes her head at them both. “Half the time I don’t think you even know what ranks are for, Poe.” He shrugs. “Me either. I only listen to you.” “All the data is on your datapad, Finn. Just remember not to let Poe here lead you too astray and you’ll be fine. Finn, you’re dismissed. Dameron, one word about your mission, please.” Finn nods his head, glancing at Poe. “I’ll see you outside in a few, buddy,” Poe winks, watching as Finn leaves the room. “General?” She doesn’t say anything for a moment, just peering at him before sighing. “I just wanted to remind you of your promise, Poe. Don’t make the mistake Han and I did.” Poe looks down and takes a deep breath. “We’re not you and Han. We’re nothing like that. It’s… it’s complicated.” “ Complicated . Now you even sound like Han.” She glares at him. “Have you heard the rumours? About you and Finn. They’re calling you the Ex-Stormtrooper and the Resistance Pilot. I hear the new recruits talking about you two like it’s a fairy tale. A love story for the ages.” “I've heard all the gossip!” Poe throws his hands up into the air. “Finn, well, he’s in love with Rey, you know. She’s a Jedi. She’s close to his age. What have I got to offer him? A cynical old pilot with a low life expectancy and zero idea about romance.” “Have you talked to each other about this? And no, I don’t mean getting naked, Poe. I mean real talking, conversations. Maybe ask him how he feels about Rey first before deciding who is right for him.” Poe sighs. “I preferred it when you were chastising me for dangerous flight manoeuvres.” Leia slumps back in her chair, suddenly looking old and tired. “I’m sorry. Life is just short, Poe, and I don’t want you to waste it. I’ve lost my brother, my husband and my son. You’re the closest thing I’ve got left to… to…” Poe heads around the desk, dropping to one knee to pull her into a hug. He stays quiet, letting her breathing settle before pulling back. “I promised you I’d sort it, and I will. You're right, I need to talk to him. Soon. Okay?” Leia nods, patting his arm. “Dismissed, Commander. Go help Finn with his Pathfinder training.” “Yessir, General Organa,” Poe gives her the sloppiest salute he can manage, grinning at her indulgent smile. Finn is standing outside the building, his eyes closed, letting the warm sun hit his cheeks. His skin glows in the sun, his lips look soft and warm. Poe feels his breath catch in his throat at the sight. Maybe the General is right, tonight, after dinner, they should talk. Be honest. This way if Finn does love Rey, wants to be with Rey, it gives Poe an easy out. If he doesn’t, well, then they can keep talking. Maybe explore their feelings, see what they both want. “Poe,” Finn is holding out his hand. “Everything okay?” “All good, buddy,” Poe slides the arm around his waist, leaning against Finn. “C’mon, I hear there’s a load of Pathfinder training with your name on it. Let’s go to our room and get the datapad and see.” They sit side by side on Finn’s bed, with Finn holding the datapad, scrolling through the information quickly. There are physical training exercises, gun practice, commando skills, so many things to learn. “I won’t be useless anymore,” Finn says as he tabs through all the data. “No one ever thought you were useless,” Poe nudges him. “I need to update my schedule,” Finn grins, taking the datapad and starting to work out a training regime. Poe leans his head on his shoulder, impressed at how far Finn has come. Only a few days ago and he was worried about making choices, now he’s deciding his own future. Leia's right, Poe can't give this up without even trying. He watches Finn for a while, happy at how excited he is. It's a good hour or so later when he realises he's not seen BB-8 since he got back. “Finn, buddy, I’m just gonna check on Beebee-Ate. I’ve not seen him at all today.” Finn looks up from his datapad. “I’ve seen him recharging, but he’s always out before I get up.” Poe kisses the top of Finn’s head. “Keep studying, I won’t be long.” Poe looks around the base, asking some of the other droids. Apparently BB-8 and R2-D2 are just off the command centre. He finds them there, beeping madly at each other, much faster than he can translate. “Beebee-Ate, Artoo – how’s the mission going?” Both droids answer at once, beeping over each other, but he gets the gist. They’re still sorting data, but they’ve got leads. “You guys are the best,” Poe rubs his hand over BB-8’s head. The droid spins in reply. “Thanks, buddy. Let me know how it goes.” Information on Finn’s family. Perhaps he’d find out where he was from, maybe even his name, or at least a family name. “Poe!” Poe turns, seeing one of the newer pilot recruits. “What’s up?” “Snap’s having a small party soon. Some of his moonshine in the mess,” she shouts. “Oh kriff, my head,” he mimes a headache, making her laugh, before heading back towards the barracks. Poe is still thinking of all the things the droids might find out about Finn when he gets back to their room. Then he hears it, and he stops dead. It’s Finn and Rey and they’re talking about him. Poe’s heart is in his mouth. He knows he’s not heard the whole conversation, but still, are they laughing at him? No, Finn’s too good. He’d never hurt Poe, he’s misheard. But still… Poe opens the door to his room and strides in. Finn jumps, looking guilty. “Talking about me again, pal. One track mind,” he winks and sits on his own bed. “Uh, Poe’s here. I think it’s time for dinner. Speak soon,” Finn mumbles. “Look after him for me, Poe!” Rey shouts. “Miss you, Finn.” The light from the comm. fades as she signs off. Look after him? Was that a euphemism for the fact Poe was satisfying Finn's need for sex while Rey was away? Poe swipes at his eyes, they're prickling. Finn drops the pad, rubbing the back of his neck. “Sorry, she called. I didn’t mean to talk about you like that.” “It’s okay, pal. You can talk about whatever you want with your girlfriend .” Poe shrugs. His chest is so tight it’s hard to breathe. “She’s not… I wasn’t…” Finn looks down, clenching his fists. Poe doesn’t reply, watching his face. After a lifetime of stormtrooper helmets, Finn is pitifully easy to read. He’s angry, guilty and a little ashamed. Perhaps Finn was laughing at him. He's just a stupid old man getting the wrong idea, who can blame Finn for being amused. “I hear there are drinks in the mess tonight. I really need one right now,” Poe stands without waiting for Finn and heads out. A few seconds later he hears Finn following him. For once, the two don’t touch as they walk, no hands clasped, no arms around waists or shoulders. Finn stays a few feet behind him, silent. Poe passes the food table and goes straight to where Snap has bottles of his infamous moonshine laid out. “You usually have more sense, Poe,” Karé says, eyeing him as he pours himself a large glass. “It's been one of those days, you know,” he salutes her with the glass before he takes a huge gulp. The moonshine is disgusting and strong, but he takes another long drink. Karé shakes her head, but Snap is whooping at him. It’s not long before he’s got a good buzz on, circling the mess hall, chatting to everyone. He’s spent so much time with Finn recently, he’s not been very sociable. Finn. Poe glances across the room. Finn is sitting with Iolo and Jess, a few of the newer recruits nearby too. He seems happy enough talking with them, but he keeps glancing over at Poe. Not that Poe cares. If Finn wants to laugh at him with his Jedi girlfriend, let him do that. Poe has plenty of other friends. And judging from some of the looks he’s getting, plenty of other fish in the sea, too. “More drink, Snap!” He waves his glass at Snap, who frowns. “You know that stuff is lethal. You’ve had enough already,” Snap shakes his head. Poe grabs the bottle from Snap and refills his glass to the brim before handing it back. Things get a bit fuzzier from then on. He remembers singing, a little bit of dancing. Then there’s someone pressed up against him. A warm body, hips swaying in time to the music. Poe leans back, looking at the face, blinking away the fog in his eyes. He doesn’t recognise who it is, some tanned blond. Wait, is it the comms guy who wanted to fuck when Poe played guitar? When he sees Poe looking, he shifts his hips closer, making his intent clear. “Want to get out of here?” The comms guy leans close, pressing a kiss to Poe’s cheek. Poe blinks. Does he? Not really. Then again, maybe he should. Maybe this will get Finn out from under his skin. Maybe this will get him back on track to his old life. Then he thinks of Finn, how he had spent hours kissing him, worshiping him, loving him. How Poe’s chest aches every time he thinks of him. “No,” he shakes his head, but the guy still grabs his hand and tries to pull him to the edge of the crowd. Poe stumbles. “I said no.” “Poe? What the kriff are you doing?” Jessika snaps. Poe plants his feet and stops. Jess sounds angry. She never sounds angry. He swigs the last of his drink with a grimace. “Pava?” “Kriff, you’re drunk. You,” she points past Poe to the comms officer, “hands off. And you, Dameron, why would you do this to Finn?” Poe pulls his hand away from the guy gripping it to point back at her. He’s angry. Why is she always interfering? “Finn knows what am like. He doesn’t care.” “Yeah?” She grabs his shoulder, turning him so he can see Finn. “That looks like he doesn’t care?” Finn is sitting at the table, his hands tucked in his lap, his gaze on the floor. He looks close to tears, Poe realises. “Fuck, Pava. I didn’t …He said—” Poe rubs a hand over his face, trying to get his thoughts in order. “Lemmie talk to him.” “Just go sleep it off, Dameron. Alone.” She pushes him towards the barracks. “I’ll send him your way soon.” Poe shakes his head. “No, wanna talk to him now.” “Okay, look. I’ll send him to your room. Just don’t have this discussion in public, yeah? You don’t care what people think, but Finn—” “Finn is a good man,” Poe mumbles. “Exactly. Now shoo.” Poe heads away from the party. The cool air makes him feel a little dizzy, but he manages to stumble to their room. Kriff, that moonshine is evil, he thinks. He chugs a glassful of water, then another, but he still feels unsteady. He slides down the wall to sit on his bed, waiting for Finn. Did he doze? He may have dozed. He wakes up to see Finn sitting on his own bed on the opposite side of the room. He looks a little less teary at least. “Finn, buddy,” Poe scrambles off his bed and slumps down next to him. Finn doesn’t move, doesn’t take his hand, or lean against him. Then Poe remembers why. “Kriff, Finn. About earlier, I didn’t mean—” “No need to apologise. We’d agreed you can do whatever you need to be happy,” Finn says, his voice cracking. “You think am happy?” Poe shakes his head, leaning back against the wall and closing his eyes. “No, Finn. This isn’t happy.” “So I’m not enough to make you happy,” Finn says in a soft voice. “No, no, that’s not it,” Poe sighs. It’s hard to explain when he doesn’t know what he’s feeling himself. “It’s all so confusing. Before, it was just casual sex, and no feelings involved and it was easier, you know?” “Right,” Finn whispers. “It was easier before me.” That doesn’t sound right to Poe, either, but the alcohol is making his thoughts too fuzzy. Poe misses Finn, so he leans against him, shifting to slide an arm around his waist. He presses his face to Finn’s chest. Finn is still wearing Poe’s jacket, and it smells of Finn now. His chest is warm, and firm under his hand. Poe nuzzles up Finn’s chest to his throat, pressing soft kisses against his exposed skin. It's hard for Poe to explain his feelings, but maybe he can show Finn how much he cares, the way Finn did for him the other night. “Poe, what are you doing?” Finn stays still, his body stiff. “C’mon buddy, they say the best sex is after an argument,” Poe murmurs against Finn’s throat. “You know I want you.” Finn doesn’t move for a moment, and then Poe’s surprised when he’s pushed away. Hard. Finn looks furious. “What I know is that you lost your one night stand, so you think I’ll do as backup,” Finn turns, staring away from him, his lips trembling. “Kriff, Finn, that’s not what this is,” Poe puts a hand to his throbbing head. Why did he drink Snap’s damn moonshine? “I came here because I thought you wanted to talk, but all there is between us is sex,” Finn says. “That’s not true, not anymore,” Poe says, but it’s too late, Finn is standing up, pulling away. “You’re drunk. We’ll talk tomorrow,” Finn says as he exits the room. Poe wants to follow him, but Finn’s right. He’s too drunk, he has no idea what he’s saying and no idea what to say. He curls up on Finn’s pillow, falling asleep in the bed they’ve been sharing. # Poe feels awful. It’s not even the hangover that’s the worst part. He remembers the look on Finn’s face when he thought Poe was going to leave with someone else. He remembers the look on Finn’s face when he rejected Poe’s advances. Instead of fixing things with Finn, Poe appears to have broken them irrevocably. He gets water, drinking until he’s about ready to burst. A shower. A shower will make him feel more human. He’s just drying himself when he hears their room door open. He steps out of the refresher to see Finn standing in the doorway. “You okay? You slept okay?” Poe wraps the towel around his waist and moves towards Finn. He stops when the younger man flinches backwards. “I’m okay, yeah. I found an empty room, crashed in there for a bit,” Finn says, his eyes on the floor. “You don’t have to worry what people think of you.” Poe clenches his fists and takes a deep breath. “Kriff, Finn. Is that what you think of me? That I care more about what people think than I do about you?” “I have no idea what you care about, Poe Dameron.” “I care about you, Finn. You know this.” “You do. In your own way, you do,” Finn nods, but he still won’t look at Poe. “I just think we’re different people. We want different things. I’m sorry.” Poe takes a step back, his eyes tearing up. He turns away to slip on some clothes so that Finn won't see. His hands are shaking and he feels like throwing up. He’s pretty sure it’s not the hangover that’s making him feel so bad. “I’ll get out of your way, buddy. Whatever you need.” Finn doesn’t look up when Poe leaves. Next Chapter: The chapter where BB-8 saves the Ex-Stormtrooper and the Resistance Pilot from themselves. Chapter 9 : Poe stops lying to himself Summary: Poe Dameron believes in a lot of things, but he doesn’t believe in love. After he meets ex-stormtrooper Finn, his world changes. Will Poe understand what those changes mean, or will he destroy the best friendship he’s got? The chapter where BB-8 saves the Ex-Stormtrooper and the Resistance Pilot from themselves. Poe wanders the base. He’d think if he could, but it’s like there’s a whirlwind in his mind. Finn upset, Finn tearful, Finn who can’t even look at him. There’s a reason Poe’s never mixed friendship and sex. So why he decided to do it with the best person he’s ever met, he has no idea. Beyond that he’s an idiot. He’s interrupted by the squeal of a happy droid. BB-8 charges up to him, almost bowling into his legs. “Hey buddy, what’s up?” Poe squats down. [We found the data. Poe, we have Finn’s family data] BB-8 extends his drawer to show a datachip. “That’s it? That’s everything you can find out about Finn?” Poe reaches out a hand to take it then stops, and closes his fist. “Let’s go, its Finn’s data, let him decide what to do with it.” Poe heads back to his room, with BB-8 buzzing around him, chirping his glee. When he gets to the door he hesitates for a second, wondering if he should knock, but BB-8 doesn’t know there’s a problem so he just charges into the room, beeping to get Finn’s attention. Finn is sitting on his bed in Poe’s old jacket, his eyes red, bloodshot, and puffy. He looks at the droid, then at Poe standing in the doorway. “Beebe-Ate, Poe? What’s going on?” Poe hesitates. “May I come in?” BB-8 swivels his photoreceptor to look at Poe, but Poe keeps his gaze on Finn. Eventually Finn nods and Poe takes a couple of steps inside, letting the outer door close. BB-8 launches into a furious blast of an explanation, but Poe shushes him. “Sorry bud, Finn needs to practice his binary a little first. Let me tell him? I won’t forget about you and Artoo.” BB-8 rocks from side to side, and then pops open his drawer again, holding out the datachip. Poe takes a deep breath, fixing his gaze on his droid. “At the lake, you told me you wished you knew about your family. Well, I got thinking about that and I wanted to help. I wanted you to have your family. I asked Beebee-Ate and Artoo to look into it. They got your genetic data from your Resistance record. Artoo has a lot of data stored, and they’re both great at skimming through info. So, well, that’s where Beebee-Ate has been. Until today.” BB-8 spins, moving the datachip closer to Finn. Poe risks glancing at Finn. “That’s for me?” Finn leans down and picks up the chip, his eyes wide. BB-8 closes his drawer, and then pops out his lighter to give Finn a thumbs up. Finn stares at it, turning the chip over in his fingers. “What’s on it?” “I don’t know buddy. I just ran into Beebee and I told him that it’s your data, you should see it first.” Finn looks down at the chip in his hands, his eyes welling up with tears. He doesn’t say anything and Poe takes a step back. “C’mon, Beebee-Ate, let Finn look by himself.” BB-8 swivels his photoreceptor in surprise again, then moves towards Poe. “No.” Finn is staring at Poe, holding out a hand. He looks devastated. “Poe, please.” Poe rushes over to the bed, grabbing Finn’s hand. He slides next to him on the bed, squeezing the hand tight. “I’m here, sweetheart, its okay.” Poe wants to hug and kiss him, but he has no idea what state their relationship is in, if that touch might hurt Finn more. So he holds his hand and sits, waiting for Finn’s breathing to calm. Poe can feel his heart racing in his chest. “Poe, I’m scared,” Finn whispers, leaning his head on Poe’s shoulder. “Nothing to be scared of, sweetheart,” Poe kisses the top of his head. “You’re already Finn, hero of the Resistance. Anything you find out now, well, that’s just extra. I’m here, you’ve got Rey, or the General. We’re all here for you.” Finn takes a deep breath. “You did this for me. You and Beebee-Ate. I can do it, I can look at it.” He sits up straight, grabbing a datapad. BB-8 beeps softly up at him. Poe switches hands, using his closer one to catch a corner of the datapad. “I’m with you, Finn. I’m always with you.” Finn flashes him a small smile then. It’s weak compared to his usual glow, but it’s better than the tears. Finn inserts the datachip into the pad. Both men lean their heads together, cheeks touching, as information flashes up on the screen. Genetic information, a planet, a birth family. There’s not that much, but what the two droids have pulled together is gold. “My parents were killed when I was kidnapped,” Finn whispers. “But I have grandparents still alive.” “Aunts and cousins, too,” Poe points to a line of data. “And your name, Finn. Uh, I’m sorry.” “No, I like Finn,” Finn shifts to press a soft kiss on Poe’s cheek. “You gave it to me at the start of my real life. I want to keep it.” Poe flushes, dropping his head. “A surname then. A history.” Finn is silent, eyes moving rapidly across the data, soft sighs escaping from his lips. Eventually he lowers the datapad, leaning back against the wall, his eyes closed. Poe misses the feel of Finn pressed against him, but this isn’t about him now. He stands, startling Finn. “I’ll leave you to think now.” “Wait,” Finn stands too, wrapping Poe in a hug. “Thank you. This is the kindest thing anyone has ever done for me.” Poe’s heart is in his throat. “I meant it when I said I’d do anything for you.” Finn nods against his shoulder then drops his arms and takes a step back. He still looks upset and overwhelmed, but he’s trying hard to be strong. Poe desperately wants to stay with him and help, but he’s not sure that’s what Finn wants. Poe forces a tight smile and heads to the door. He opens it, and BB-8 buzzes past him. He pauses long enough for the door to automatically close again. Finn still hasn’t moved. He’s just standing in the middle of the room, looking lost. Poe has to ask. “You said that we’re different people. That we want different things. What do you want, Finn?” Finn’s quiet and Poe thinks he’s overstepped their new confusing boundaries when Finn looks up, his jaw set. “I was using you.” Poe nods, his heart sinking. “I know. You love Rey.” Finn rolls his eyes and huffs. “Of course I love Rey. She’s funny and annoying and smart and scary and I want to protect her. Not that she needs it.” Poe frowns. “But do you love her?” Finn crosses his arms. “I think so. What I feel is love. What does that matter to us ?” Poe feels a flare of hope at the word ‘think’. “There are many different kinds of love. I mean do you love her romantically. Like, when we’re together. Do you want to touch Rey the way you touch me?” Finn shakes his head, frowning. “No. What? No!” Poe takes a step closer, trying to control the trembling in his hands. “So more like – like I love Leia as a mother, Rey is like your sister.” Finn nods. “Sister, yeah, I like that. I love her like my sister.” Poe stops just in front of Finn, but he doesn’t touch him. Not yet. “So if you were using me…?” Finn drops his gaze to the floor, his jaw set. Poe waits, hardly able to take a breath when the younger man looks up. “I mean, because I lied. I lied to you about only wanting sex. I wanted everything. I wanted all of you. I wanted forever.” “Oh, sweetheart,” Poe doesn’t even realise he’s moved but somehow he’s kissing Finn. He’s kissing Finn, and he has no idea why he ever thought this was wrong. He angles his head so he can get closer. He loves the feel of his jacket, Finn’s jacket, under his fingers. He doesn’t remember grasping it to pull Finn closer, but he’s hanging on as if his life depends on it. One of Finn’s hands strokes his jaw and another is at his waist and the kissing is utterly perfect. Finn opens his lips and the kiss deepens. Finn is soft and warm and tastes delicious, his body fitting perfectly against Poe’s. Poe sucks on Finn’s lower lip, and Finn jumps, panting. A few seconds then Finn copies him, experimenting, curious with no hesitation. His tongue licks against Poe, warm and hot. Poe hasn’t kissed anyone in years, since he was a teenager and even then it had never felt like this. A lazy slide of tongues, Finn moaning against his lips, the slow burn of arousal curling in his belly. Poe needs to catch his breath. They lean their foreheads close, breathing heavily. Finn’s eyes are steady. “When I rescued you – you didn’t distrust me, Poe. You didn’t fear or hate me despite having every reason to. You just smiled and accepted me. I’ve wanted to kiss that smile every day since I first saw it.” Poe smiles again, feeling Finn’s lips as they kiss against him, kissing his smile. It’s the most wonderful feeling he’s ever had. “I’m an idiot. If I’d kissed you when we first got together, I’d have known how I felt from the beginning,” Poe murmurs as he licks Finn’s lower lip. Finn laughs, and then Poe learns how precious it is to kiss Finn’s smile. “I’m sorry that I was insecure and jealous of Rey,” Poe whispers. “I know she’s better than that, that you both are.” “You thought me and Rey?” Finn laughs, his breath huffing against Poe’s lips. “Is that what the problem was? Oh man, she will kick your ass . She’s been teasing me about you since I woke out of the coma. All she wants is to meet you because she knows how much I love you.” “You love me, do you?” Poe smiles against Finn’s answering kiss. “Aren’t you supposed to say it back,” Finn huffs. Poe can feel the warmth of a blush radiating from his cheeks. “Sweetheart, I said it to you the moment I let you keep my mother’s jacket. I just didn’t realise it myself.” Poe moves to their bed, pulling Finn with him. Poe hovers above him to pepper his face with tiny kisses, murmuring ‘I love you’ with each kiss until they’re both lying wrapped up in each other, breathless and warm. "It's my fault, I should have been honest from the start," Finn says before kissing Poe. "Don't blame yourself, sweetheart. I probably wasn't ready to hear it then because I'm an idiot. Plus I assumed completely the wrong thing about you and Rey and never once asked you about it.” Finn doesn’t say anything, but Poe can feel his chest shaking with suppressed laughter. “Hey,” Poe bites his neck gently. “How about we both promise to try and do better. Talking is probably important if we want our relationship to work.” “You want a relationship?” Finn looks so shy and happy. Poe kisses him, pressing a hand to the back of his neck to pull him close. “Of course I want a relationship,” he sighs against Finn’s wet lips. “I never want to let you go again.” “Then don’t,” Finn’s hands move from his waist, stroking across his back, dipping down to squeeze his ass, his wide grin making his intent clear. “You still want me? After I made you so sad?” Poe asks, hesitating. “I want you to make love to me so I forget all our mistakes,” Finn pulls their hips closer, entangling their legs. Poe props himself up on one elbow, using the other hand to touch Finn as they kiss. He takes it slow; soft, wet, breathy kisses that leave Finn panting as Poe traces the definition of his stomach. Poe controls their kisses at first, his tongue pressing against Finn’s. Finn moans, his hands clutching at Poe’s waist. Then Finn takes control and pushes his tongue into Poe’s mouth. Poe stops thinking then, losing himself in the wet warmth of Finn; the slide of their lips together building to a desperate rhythm of tongues and hips. Finn makes a desperate sound, pressing his hips closer. “Too many clothes.” They both move, standing to rid themselves of their clothes as quickly as possible. Poe takes longer, stopping to watch as Finn reveals his defined torso. He can’t help but stare at the younger man's perfect body. “Too slow,” Finn tugs at Poe’s shirt until they’re both naked. He drags him in for another kiss. Poe can’t get enough air to breathe. They’re standing so close, hot skin pressed together, hands roving, flickers of tongue and teeth. Finn squeezes his hips again, rubbing his hands across the curve of his ass. Poe presses closer, his cock hot and insistent. Finn rocks his hips forward. The movement sparks shocks through Poe’s body. “I love you, Poe,” Finn sighs against his lips. Poe shifts his head to bite at Finn’s neck, and Finn groans, his hips rocking harder. “Poe.” Poe breathes heavy and open-mouthed against Finn’s throat, whispering Finn’s name and ‘I love you’ over and over. Poe wants Finn to understand how much he loves him, will always love him. He pushes them backwards towards the bed, guiding Finn down onto his back. He slows down a little to rain soft kisses over Finn's throat and collarbone. Finn moans tiny delightful sounds as he closes his eyes. “What do you want? Did you want me, or do you want—” Poe asks. Finn tucks his head lower, his eyelashes brushing his warm cheeks. “I want you. I want to feel you.” “Anything you for, sweetheart,” Poe murmurs against his skin. Poe shifts his body as Finn parts his legs. He slides between them, shivering as their cocks rub together. Soon they’re sliding together with a slow rhythm, their kissing wet and messy. They both stop talking, just moving against each other. The feel of his lover’s cock sends delicious shivers through Poe’s body every time Finn thrusts closer. He aches for him. Finn moves a hand to touch Poe's curls, and Poe presses wet kisses against his throat. Poe reaches a hand to the side of the bed, fingers skittering around the floor until he finds the lube. Poe shifts position until he’s kneeling between Finn’s legs. “If you turn over, sweetheart, I can get deeper, or maybe—” “Next time,” Finn gives him a shy smile. “I want to look at you now.” Poe is almost overwhelmed. Finn, his beautiful Finn, wanting him and wanting to see him, to kiss him. Finn looks so happy and so needy, Poe can barely think. He's determined to make this as good as he can for Finn. He bends Finn’s legs, pushing them wider apart. They’re such a perfect match, they fit together like puzzle pieces. Finn props himself up on his elbows, using a foot to rub gently on Poe’s hip. He makes soft noises as Poe uses a slicked finger to press against Finn’s hole. “Oh Poe, please, Poe,” Finn’s eyes look completely blown, his skin shiny with sweat as Poe slid his finger in gently. Poe presses kisses against Finn’s inner thighs as he keeps moving his finger. As the tight muscle loosens, Poe moves his head to lick a long wet stripe down Finn’s cock. Finn moans, dropping flat against the bed, his hips moving in time to meet against Poe’s thrusts. Poe slides another finger in as he keeps teasing Finn’s cock. Finn pushes back again with a groan, taking Poe’s fingers deep into his body. Poe bends his fingers, looking carefully for Finn’s prostate. It’s obvious when he finds it. Finn cries out, tugging hard on his curls. “Poe, please, now. I need you.” Finn stares at him, all huge dark eyes and soft damp lips. His chest is heaving. “I always need you too, sweetheart,” Poe agrees, pulling his fingers away. He gets more lube, carefully making sure he’s slick, that he won’t hurt Finn, before leaning forward. Poe presses his cock against Finn’s opening, looking into his eyes as he pushes slowly in. Poe has to bite down on his lip, hard. Finn is so tight and hot and perfect. He stops, taking a deep breath. Finn isn’t as patient, hands grabbing at his hips, urging him deeper. Much as Poe hates denying Finn anything, he uses his experience to give Finn time to adjust before he moves again. “Okay, sweetheart? I’m not hurting you?” Poe asks, leaning down to pepper kisses along Finn’s throat. “More, Poe. I need all of you,” Finn gasps, his fingernails digging into Poe’s hips as he scrabbles for movement. "I'm so lucky," Poe whispers. Poe’s heart is slamming against his chest, his breath harsh and ragged. He’s never cared for anyone like this before. Never known anyone like Finn. He nods, unable to speak, and keeps kissing Finn as he moves his hips. Inch by inch, he eases in. Finn isn’t even saying his name anymore, just gasping and moaning, his fingers flexing. Finally, when Poe is fully seated, Poe stops still, letting Finn relax and adjust. He’s surprised when Finn surges up to catch his lips in a kiss, moaning. At that, Poe starts to move his hips. He’s biting down on his on his bottom lip, hard, at how good it all feels. Poe’s pretty sure Finn feels the same from the gasps at every push or pull, from the way his hips thrust in time with Poe, trying to encourage Poe to pick up the pace. Poe whimpers as the tension builds. Poe knows he’s not going to last long, not with how good it feels, so he reaches between them to grasp Finn’s cock. Finn throws his head back, hips bucking up, taking Poe even deeper, even faster. Poe pulls almost all the way out before slamming back in, accepting the pace Finn is begging for. Finn’s cries grow louder and louder. Poe can feel how close he is. Poe shifts his grip, determined that Finn finish first. “Come for me, sweetheart.” Finn screams out Poe’s name, his body shuddering as he spills over Poe’s hand. "You're so beautiful," Poe murmurs to Finn as he trembles in his arms. "My brave, sweet Finn." With that, Poe is helpless, coming in quivering waves as heat spreads through his limbs, his ache releasing in peaks. They lie still for a while, breathing hard. Poe can hear Finn’s heart thudding against his cheek as he lies above him. They nuzzle each other, laughing as Poe cleans up the mess. Things are easier between them now. There's a closeness in the way they curl around each other, hearts thumping, chests heaving. Poe pulls Finn to him, kissing his hair. This is what it feels like to be in love, Poe realises. It might have taken Poe Dameron over thirty years to believe in love, but now that he does believe, he believes with all his heart. Love isn’t just the loss that his father felt for his mother or the pain between Han and Leia. It’s built up between them in every moment, the way Finn feels in his arms, being happy because Finn is happy, knowing that he has someone to come home to. Love is Finn kissing him, whispering how beautiful he is, wanting him in every way and feeling completely the same. “You know, perhaps there’s something to that story after all,” Finn says as he lays his head on Poe’s chest. “What story?” Poe strokes his hair, content to have Finn back in his arms. “The Ex-Stormtrooper and the Resistance Pilot. The one about us being heroes,” Finn leans his head back, his dark eyes staring at Poe’s lips. “You’ve been a hero to me from the moment you removed your mask, my love,” Poe draws Finn closer for another kiss. Next - Epilogue: Chapter 10 : Epilogue Summary: Poe Dameron has always believed in a lot of things, now he’s finally learned to believe in love. After he meets ex-stormtrooper Finn, his world changed. It took time, but Poe finally understands what those changes mean, and they have ended up together with the love of their lives. BB-8 totally ships it. (Also known as the quick silly epilogue that I had to add because the loose ends annoyed me). BB-8 is only worried about two of his favourite humans, that’s why he is hovering outside the door listening. Once their discussion fades from soft whispers and kissing noises into something faster, he runs and gossips to General Organa about this new development. She had asked BB-8 to keep her up to date. When he tells her about the many ‘I love you’s’ he uses his lighter to give her a thumbs up. General Organa listens and smiles, especially as the droid reminds her it was his idea for them to bunk together in the first place. When BB-8 also tells her of his success with finding Finn’s family, she starts planning leave time for both men. Before they’re allowed to go on leave, however, General Organa books a photo shoot. Poe might have dodged all previous attempts to be the Resistance’s poster boy, and even managed to scupper Jess’s unofficial ‘Poe Hot-DAMeron’ calendar, but now she’s giving him no choice. The draw of a stormtrooper defecting because of his love for a Resistance pilot? That story, that legend is something Leia can use to get hundreds more new recruits. Maybe even encourage a few more defections. She also hopes someone comes up with a better, snappier legend name than the mouthful that is ‘ex- storm trooper and resistance pilot’ . It won’t fit well on the posters. # Rey laughs. Then calls Poe an idiot. Then laughs again. Mostly she’s happy that Finn is happy, and says she wants to meet Poe properly someday. If he makes Finn happy, he must be a good guy. She also threatens to steal his ‘best pilot’ title from him. Finn is torn in his loyalty, so he sticks to calling her the best Jedi and Poe the best pilot and hopes he never has to choose. # Life for Finn and Poe isn’t perfect every second of every day. Sometimes Poe is too overprotective of Finn, sometimes Finn is lost and confused with the world around him, but they never fall asleep angry with each other. They've learned their lesson and they manage to communicate with each other; most of the time. Poe has even managed to convince Finn that post-argument make-up sex is a pretty good thing. It’s a far better life than either of them ever believed they’d have. # After a couple of months of Pathfinder training, they take two weeks leave to visit Finn’s family. Poe intends to be there as moral support, sticking to the background as Finn meets his kin, but once Finn’s family realise how much Poe means to their lost boy, they embrace him as one of their own. Finn positively blooms under all the extra love and faith his family invest in him. He’s happy that they’re already anti-First Order, after the First Order had killed his parents and kidnapped him. They’re very supportive of Finn becoming a Pathfinder, and proud of him dating a Resistance Commander. Finn thinks they’re on their way back to D’Qar when Poe admits they’ve got a quick break at Yavin 4 scheduled in, too. Finn panics a little at the idea of meeting Poe’s father, but Poe reassures him that it’ll go just as well as meeting Finn’s own family. Finn points out that Poe’s father is ex-military who spent his life fighting against the Empire, how is he going to feel about an ex-stormtrooper? Poe insists it will be fine, but Finn worries anyway. # Their trip to Yavin 4 goes incredibly well. Kes Dameron welcomes Finn into his home, delighted to finally see Poe happy and in love. When Kes finds out Finn that was kidnapped by the First Order as a child, he wells up, unable to speak. Finn says it’s okay because he has Poe. Poe is his home now. Kes has to leave the room before he scares Finn by bursting into tears. Before the evening is out, Kes tells Finn that whatever happens in the future, Yavin 4 is his home too. Finn can sing. He hasn’t sung before, being content to listen to Poe, but Kes Dameron entices Finn to try and he realises he loves harmonising with them. Finn also knows in his head that Kes is a touch better singer than Poe, but in his heart, Poe is the best at everything he does, so it’s fine. Later that night, when Kes has gone to sleep and the stars are shining in the sky, Poe leads Finn beneath the glowing tree that grows outside Poe’s childhood bedroom. It’s a little chilly, so Poe makes sure Finn is wrapped in his mother’s old pilot’s jacket. When Poe drops to one knee, Finn forgives his fumbling speech and cheesy attempts at romance because it’s the thought that counts. Poe starts by apologising for rushing things but life is short and he worries about their future. Finn shushes that line of conversation with a frown. Poe manages to pull it together by holding out a ring and suggesting that they hyphenate Finn’s new surname with Dameron. Finn answers first with a kiss, then by saying it’s about time Poe offered him a last name to go with his first. # BB-8 was planning the wedding before they left D’Qar.