Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Luke Skywalker’s nephew is a quiet boy. His uncle has always been a little wary of this, of Ben’s silent broodings, the way that his other padawan’s joy seems to extinguish in the space around him when they get too close. He’s a solitary kid, and Luke can’t quite puzzle out why—he can’t see Han’s braggadocio, nor Leia’s fire, in the way Ben keeps to himself, wringing his hands inside his robes and pacing like the galaxy’s tiniest old man, hunched by the weight of the worry on his shoulders. What he could be worried about, Luke hasn’t the faintest. Stars—the boy is only nine, yet his Force signature trembles with an anxiety that takes Luke hours to sooth through placid meditation, smoothing his hand across Ben’s mind in great, broad, strokes, until all of the frothy chops and ripplings of him melt into sea-calm. He’s been training for about six months, and though the decades have given Luke patience, he can’t help the idea that maybe this turbulence is innate. Maybe this isn’t the path that the Force has given Ben, no matter how much Skywalker runs in him. Then, one day without warning, the Force changes. It’s only a tiny corner of the rich, shivering tapestry of it, but something feels righted, like a thread that was once knotted and tangled made to be unerringly straight once more. At that precise moment, Luke’s on the quad, coaching his pupils through their rudimentary saber techniques in golden light of late afternoon. He’s watching Ben. The boy’s form is good, though each fainted block and parry is wrought with the heaviness of the mind; he’s overthinking the fight. Luke watches him pause for a moment, lowering his humming blue blade to tuck away one perpetually loose strand of dark hair, and then resume the two-handed grip, raising his saber in preparation for a makashi slice— The Force shifts with a twang like a blood-hot muscle spasm, deep in the back of Luke’s mind. What? After reeling for a moment, Luke minutely shakes his head, plants his boots more firmly into the dirt, purposeful not to let his students see that something has nudged his calm. He’ll meditate on this later. When he looks up, to his surprise, Ben has lowered his blade again, extinguished it; he looks odd standing there, so static in a blitz of blue and green, the kinetic whirl of many robes. Then his nephew turns to him, and Luke takes a tiny, but perceptible, step back. The wisdom in those strange black eyes is like nothing he’s ever seen. And then, while Luke stands transfixed, something even stranger happens: Ben smiles. “Do you feel it, too?” He asks Luke, the sound of his voice barely audible over the fizz and whine of twenty sabers ignited at once. But Luke hears it, the tone of one who’s caught a star in their bare hands, awed and uncertain. In that moment the boy is painfully young and beautiful , dappled, a mix of gritty dust and tree-shade and pre-adolescent sweat. Ben wipes the droplets from his forehead as he gazes at his uncle, beaming widely as if to say, It is I, the creature who swallowed the sun! It’s unsettling, but slowly, Luke nods. From that day on, it’s as if Ben is a different person, all bubbling laughter and eagerness. Luke watches him socialize with the others for the first time, joining them in their little crosslegged circles at meals, telling excited stories and gesticulating wildly as his dinner cools in his lap. They don’t seem to mind his sudden change; they’re children after all, and grudges come and go with the days as they pass. Ben’s begun to develop his own specific texture, and it’s in this time that Luke learns most about his nephew. Where once there was a flat, unreadable horizon, now emerges a wondrous and diverse geography: likes, dislikes, fascinations, revulsions. Ben loves tinkering with machines. Ben hates mutt-fruit. Ben could study the clicking, jewel-backed insects of their island for an entire morning and never, ever, tire of it. The tectonics of life are just beginning to erode him down, push him up, into the craggy peaks and valleys that discern a complete person, and Luke watches as raptly as he can, this changing day by day. It’s riveting. On the day Rey comes, Ben’s been training under him for almost a year and a half. It’s raining. The droplets are fat and tangy with the taste of minerals, sliding down Luke’s cleft as he dons his hood and quickly heads towards the tiny vessel that’s alighted in the clearing. His robes are turned stiff and soaking as he sloshes through puddles, watching the gangplank extend into the soft muck of the earth with a shaft of yellow light. All at once he senses someone behind him, and he turns: “Ben! What are you doing?” The boy is shivering, robes wrapped tightly around his narrow shoulders, rainwater dripping from his wet-black curls. He only stares at the ship in answer. He has that odd look in his eyes again, that gaze of an ancient being Luke finds so disturbing. Then there’s the sound of boots on metal, and, with reluctance, Luke looks back to see two figures emerging from the light of the belly of the beast. One of them is carrying a bulk in its arms, which Luke knows must be the Force-sensitive. He’s expecting it; this is not the first baby he has taken in. Without much fuss, the pair come forwards. The man hoists the baby in his arms upon Luke, who carefully shifts the bundle to sit safely inside the crook of his elbow. “Her name is Rey,” the other nurse says as he adjusts the wrappings, using a finger to brush the linens from her red and wrinkled face. A name. That, he was not expecting, but the surprise is a pleasant one—the sound of it is bright and simple, and reminds him of hope. Luke likes it immediately. He looks up to the nurses, who are shielding their faces against the whipping rain. “Thank you,” he says, nodding to them, feeling the warm thrum of the Force cocooned around this tiny being in his arms. You have done a great service to the Light, bringing her here. They nod in return, then head back to the shelter of the vessel. Luke turns to head back to the compound, but then is abruptly reminded of his other pressing concern, as he nearly trips over it: Ben. The boy is more thoroughly soaked than before, hood plastered to his head and shoulders, but somehow he’s more radiant. “Can —can I see her?” He asks with uncertainty, peering up at the bundle with a mixture of excitement and fear, as if Luke will whisk the baby away from him at any second. Luke is rather taken aback. “Ben, I—how about we wait until we’re back home? It’s not good for a baby to be outside in weather like this.” Ben considers him for a moment, rainwater dripping from the tip of his nose, and then he nods; though disappointing, this decision appears to be satisfactory enough. Rey wakes up on their return trip and starts to cry, her healthy wails echoing through the wet forest and making the birds titter with the sound. Luke quickens his pace. When everyone is clean and dry, and Rey’s screams have mellowed into little discontented cries, Luke calls Ben over to his bunk. He’d been waiting very patiently, a shadow by the doorway, watching his uncle remove the outer layers of rough wool from the bundle, leaving only the soft linens beneath. He sits on the edge of the bed beside Luke, tips of his toes barely skimming the ground as he swings them, and stares at Rey. She’s clearly more interesting than any shiny bug or gadget; the boy can hardly look away. “Would you like to hold her?” Luke asks, voice a deep rumble. Ben looks up at him with wide eyes, as if he had never considered the possibility of being able to touch something as delicate and perfect as her. He nods vehemently. With careful hands, Luke shifts Rey into Ben’s arms, showing him how to properly support her head and keep her tiny body close. Ben listens raptly, nodding more as he learns. When Luke’s hands finally fall away from their adjusting, so do Rey’s cries; all at once, she’s completely silent in Ben’s arms, slit eyes upturned towards his face as if they were actually able to focus. Ben smiles down at her in return with this incredible, wise benevolence, and Luke’s struck by the intense privacy of this moment. He, the adult, feels like he shouldn’t be witnessing this. Ben leans into the bundle, body curling around the baby, and Luke watches him gently nose against against her tiny brow, her round cheeks and chin, her puckered mouth. Rey giggles, a wonderful sound. Finally, Ben appears content, and simply rests his forehead against hers, his still-soaking hair wilting into a slow, dark curtain against the pink of her. “I was waiting,” he breathes, and it’s so quiet that Luke’s not entirely that Ben knows he spoke. Ben’s eyes slowly close, and he just lays there for a moment, basking, completely oblivious to his uncle sitting starstruck by his side; the Force is exultant , shimmering and flexing in joyous ways Luke hasn’t felt in years-- no— decades , not since his father had asked to look upon him with his own eyes, had renounced his Darkness. Ben and Rey are burning bright with a slurry of medichlorians and thermal energy, hard to look at, impossible for human hands to touch. They’re siphoning off the very lifeblood of the planet through their bodies, Luke realizes, though he’d have to be dead not to feel it; even just the fine, golden shed that’s granulating off the surface of their skin is potent enough to make him feel ten years younger by doing nothing more than sitting near it. It’s baffling. He’s never seen anything like it. And yet, as he sits there, witness to these two small god-beings as they bend the very fabric of the Force, Luke can’t help but feel the rightness of it. Perhaps —he gingerly strokes his mind against the warmth, gauging it. Yes, it fits . Luke quietly moves from the bed to the hard dirt of the floor, crosses his legs, and takes the first few deep breaths as he slips into meditation. Ben and Rey hum onwards, blissful, oblivious; there is no world outside their bond. Ben comes to him a few weeks later, a wide band of soft cloth in his arms. “Could this carry her?” he asks, proffering it to Luke. “Would it be… safe?” Luke brushes a hand over his lips, hiding his smile. Ben must be getting tired of his daily trips to the makeshift nursery, flitting in and out like a dark sparrow, giving Rey sweet kisses on her tiny hands, talking to her, leaving little baubles on top of the locker near her sleeping mat— so she doesn’t eat them , he says. Luke had caught him sleeping with her one night. He was checking on Rey, having been awoken by her burbling Force signature. She was awake when he came, blinking slowly into the humid night and cooing on her mat, while Ben lay slumbering around her, utterly lax, sides rising and falling with the deep breathing of rest. One of Rey’s fists experimentally flexed open and closed around the boy’s curled index finger, as if she were testing the corporeality of him; Luke felt a pang at the thought of separating them, though it was his duty. He had cast a midnight web of Force-sleep over the two, a velveteen blanket spangled with the ionic dust of dreams, and gently scooped his nephew up, took him back to his bunk. That was the first of a handful of similar incidents, but—well, Luke still can’t quite find it in him to tell Ben to stop, no matter how much sleep he loses. The ritual has quickly become routine, the clicks and calls of the night beasts a gentle familiarity, the blue night a comfort around him and the boy in his arms. Now, he helps Ben fashion a sling of sorts as he holds a drowsy Rey, wrapping the swaths of cloth up and around small shoulders until it holds the girl tight against his chest. Luke might’ve given the boy robes of rich brocade, a whole bolt of the finest H’nemthe silk, the way he runs his hands up and down the coarse material stretched taught over Rey’s back, mouth open in wonder. Luke blinks; Ben’s projecting, though he doesn’t know it: He’s holding her to his chest, and it’s the strangest feeling-- his heart, his nut-brown, exhausted little heart, is beating healthily outside his ribs and it’s the most natural thing in the world. The moment is broken as Ben returns to his senses. “Thank you. Thank you, uncle!” He cries, coming close to hug Luke carefully around the bundle that is Rey, surrounding her with roughspun robes and Skywalker. At this, Luke can’t help but smile outright. A Jedi is not heartless, after all. Notes: Ahh I know I should be working on Thaw but I couldn't help myself!! Comments very welcome. Chapter 2 Summary: Jumping through time in Rey and Ben's childhood together. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) More weeks pass, and Rey greatly approves of the sling, as communicated by an excess of toothless smiling and pulling on Ben’s curls. Both Luke and Ben quickly realize, however, that Rey wants to take in the world head on, that she wants to be forwards , and changes are quickly made to accommodate this; now her back sits snugly against his chest, giving her access to wave her chubby arms and investigate the world that’s slowly coming into focus before her. The other children laugh at this— Ben’s a ship and Rey’s the pilot!— but their interests are more piqued than their unkindness. The teasing quickly fades to hums of curiosity, questions. Does she have any teeth? Can she talk yet? When will she talk? Do you have to change her diaper? Ugh! Though Ben answers these questions with all of the austere gravity of a senator ( Not yet, No, but soon, and Yes, I do ), Luke watches the younger children marvel, while others knit their brows in confusion at this strange, alien melancholy; some of them still remember the idea of mothers. That sweet warmth is still fresh on their skin, lingering from a planet so far away that its only denomination in their island’s sky is a hundredth-degree of measurement, tucked behind a star. Ben’s love is a love they left behind, were taken from, and it’s the strangest little sting in such young hearts. The other ones just never knew a mother in the first place. The way Ben smooths Rey’s whispy hair from her forehead is, in their glittering eyes, nothing but an exciting strangeness, and they’re eager to watch. Mother-memories or no, they all love Rey; she’s the only baby of the family, after all, and everyone spoils her with a collective joy that has them vying for her attention, her smiles. They bring her squirming offerings clutched in stained fists, crowns of dewflower and twigs, as if to do nothing more than see how she’ll react. She’s bestowed a million titles in tongues that only children know: one afternoon, she is declared Lord of the Earth Worms, another, Queen Discerner of Shade-Napping. Luke sighs as he watches his padawans make beach pebbles Force-dance for her entertainment, though his eyes are kind; as if Ben wasn’t enough ! She has the entire compound twisted around her impossibly tiny, perfect pinky finger. But, beneath it all, his nephew is always there. He’s the one who knows when she’s getting too exhausted, can gauge the intensity of the other children’s love and know when it’s just too much. The one who knows her not only when she’s the immaculate Rey, Keeper of Fish, but also when she’s Rey, The Soiled and Cranky. He takes each part of her in turns, the good and the bad, and returns nothing but all the love a ten-year-old can give. It’s a love that’s a little wobbly, knock-kneed and new, a little too intense sometimes, but an abiding one all the same. Though he’s only allowed to carry her briefly at first, Luke watches the two of them quickly adjust to life together, bound to each other. By the time she’s reached six months, she spends more time on Ben’s chest than on the ground, or even on the sleeping mat—in Luke’s opinion, at least. Ben couldn’t be happier. Luke watches them at their simple meals as they learn a type of quiet symbiosis, Ben dipping nimble fingers into this stew, or that porridge, and covertly feeding Rey thumbfuls where she gurgles on his chest. He seems to tacitly know exactly what she likes, and so far Luke has gleaned this: Rey loves spicy things. Ben dutifully indulges this as often as he can, giving her licks of tangy sauces and chutneys just to hear the lovely sound of her giggles, which delight everyone present. He’s learned to crook a finger in her mouth to help her take formula, too, and the weeks quickly turn these gestures into an oral fixation; It’s a little odd, but Rey seems happiest when she’s teething and sucking on Ben’s thumb, rather than her own. It’s a greedy little comfort, possessive almost. But it’s one that Ben gives willingly, of course, as he does all else, though does it makes him a little less dexterous to go about his daily duties with only one free hand. He doesn’t mind. Day after day, Luke watches Ben ignite his saber with a flick of a thumb that’s wet, pale-wrinkled, and the two make for a strange juxtaposition, cold chrome and childish tenderness, saturated spit. But Luke yields; as his nephew raises his blade, he can see nothing but the conviction in Ben’s eyes. A peace, a sense of being tethered where there once was boundless wandering. Time passes. The sun rises, and Luke rises in turn to greet it, day in and day out, that thin orange line making the one steadiness in a whirlwind of tiny, crucial dramas that come to pass on their island: teeth lost, species discovered, friendships made, then broken, then mended again. The oldest padawans are finally coming of age, getting old enough and skilled enough to help teach the younglings themselves, and Luke begins to feel like an old and stagnant rock, that fixed point around which beats an effervescent ocean of ever-changing youth. W as he ever this wild? He thinks, watching a pair of eleven-year-olds climb a gnarled tree ten times their age in search of fruit, or an older padawan in the lagoon catch a fish with nothing but the Force and her bare hands. He’s not sure, but still finds himself meditating more often. Even though he’s frequently interrupted—there are scraped knees to mend, lest he forget. The days wear on. She’s one and a half, and her first word is “Ben,” as it must be. The event is reported to Luke by the boy himself. He’s wide eyed, breathless from running, and Luke has to slow the roil of him to a simmer before he can even make out what he’s raving about—“Her first word, Uncle! Her first word, and it was my name!” he cries, bouncing on the balls of his feet, as if ready to take flight at any moment. Luke laughs. “Could it have been any different?” he asks, placing a hand on Ben’s shoulder, keeping him grounded. He appears to settle at the touch, then contemplate this, before shrugging. “Probably not.” Luke’s hand squeezes in gentle affirmation. Ben nods, mouth contorting into strange shapes as he tries so hard to swallow his ecstatic grin; Rey is serious business, after all. Rey’s two, Ben’s twelve, and the sling has shifted long ago to his back, allowing her to paw at the great, green world as she pleases. She’s endlessly curious, constantly grasping at everything within reaching distance, as if she could unravel the intimate meanings of life through tactile strategies alone. Her perch on Ben’s back gives her access to flowers, foliage, berries (benign, and not quite so much—this is a problem), and a fecundity of scents and tastes native to their home. Her favorite part of being on Ben’s back, though, appears to be how easily she can access his ears; she loves to gently tug on them, kiss them, shower them with affection as Ben hikes with her around the compound and surrounding forest after training, her tiny arms around his neck. They’re the vessel into which she whispers the inner workings of the universe, her child thoughts and child wants, and she cherishes their oversized pinkness. Luke soon realizes that this is a quiet year for Rey; though the compound has just gotten used to the wobbling vowels and softened consonants of her new speech, Ben has now become the conduit through which she addresses the world. One night, out of curiosity, Luke asks Ben what Rey’s saying. “Well, she says that she likes you, very much,” Ben says, not looking up from his project: darning a saber-singed tabard. He’s on sewing chores tonight, and Rey has been put to bed. He seems to have found respite from the chaos of compound on the patio outside, basking in blue-dark, the coolness of the air insinuating the beginning of the rainy season. “Really?” Luke says, moving to sit beside him on a rough-hewn bench. “Yes. She says that you remind her of an old… jackrabbit, is that the word?” Luke laughs; he’d never considered himself as such a rare creature, but can’t deny that maybe there’s some truth to it. Ben suddenly looks up, mortified. “Oh uncle—I didn’t mean it in that way! Rey, sometimes she says things just to make me laugh—“ “Ben. Don’t worry, I’m not offended,” Luke says, eyes kind. “So, tell me more—what else does she talk to you about? She spends an awful lot of time whispering into those ears.” Ben regards him for a second, before returning to his sewing. “Sometimes she tells me stories,” he says, needle flashing in the thick, beige cotton. “What sorts of stories.” “They’re stories about us, and not about us, I guess-- they’re silly. Sometimes, she tells me about when I was the sea, and she was a golden island. Kind of like our island, I think, but only—it’s her. Anyways, I’m a good ocean, she says, and my tides wash over her every day. We’re very happy about it,” he says. Then he pauses again. “And some stories where we’re just stalks of grass next to each other, like the dune grass. We’re blown around by the same wind, and we see each other all the time, but we never talk. We’re just…. Near each other, I guess.” Luke nods, brow furrowed. “But sometimes, I’m the moon and she’s the sun, and we never, ever meet, because we can’t be in the sky at the same time, no matter how much we want to be.” He shakes his head ever so slightly. “Those ones are the worst. ” “I see,” Luke says, and his eyes off to some distant horizon as he leans back against the terra-cotta wall. His hand moves to stroke his beard, though he distantly remembers having shaved his face clean this morning when his fingers comb through nothing. Doesn’t matter. These dreams, they’re — “Uncle? Are you alright?” Ben asks, looking up at him. “Oh—yes, of course. Just a little tired.” He rises to his feet, resolutely not feeling the creak of his knees. “I’m off to meditate, care to join me?” Ben shakes his head, gesturing to the tabard in his lap. “I should finish.” “Alright,” Luke says, heading inside. He stops at the doorway, turning, his shadow casting Ben in blue against the orange of the lamps inside. “Goodnight, Ben.” Ben looks up. “Goodnight, Uncle,” he says with a nod. Then he returns to his work, the rasp of thread through fabric loud in the night. Luke’s fist clench in the sleeves of his robe as he walks back to his quarters. Those eyes! Luke contemplates them, that darkness that has seen a thousand lifetimes, as he meditates, humming in the solace of his chambers. When he surfaces again, it’s dawn. Rey’s three when she comes down with the Dantari flu, and Ben knows she’s sick before she does herself. Luke is training the younglings in Force-reading when his nephew sneaks into the room, presence barely detectable amongst a dozen of unformed, unruly signatures. At thirteen, his relationship with the Force is maturing, though in Luke’s eyes, it was so recently that Ben was just as raw and young. Being thirteen also translates into an awkward beginning: cracks in his deepening voice, slender limbs that are growing with painful swiftness. Up and up he’s gone, greasy, gangly. But it’s no different than anyone else, and Ben bears it the best that he can. “Uncle,” he whispers, trying not to disturb the toddlers and their somewhat rumpled concentration. Rey sits among them, wiggling slightly in her lotus pose. “Ben?” Luke says, cracking an eye open. He can’t deny that he’s not a little irritated. Luke watches Ben quickly bow his head in penance, before raising it again, and there’s a visible confusion there, a warbling note of worry trembling around him, but there’s no identifiable source. Ben appears to be struggling with this, too; it doesn’t seem like he knows what’s amiss, only that something simply is . “What’s wrong?” Luke asks. Ben gesticulates jerkily, almost angrily, words tumbling and tangling as he looks from Luke to Rey, then back again. The younglings are rustling around now, tenuous focus cleanly broken by this interruption. Ben balks. “Rey—she’s—I—“ Sure enough, the tiny thing’s sick as a dog. This isn’t the first case they’ve seen; the strain has been cropping up in the compound over the past few weeks, and despite Rey’s seeming disposition towards stubborn sort of healthiness, she’s caught it. Luke finds the two of them in the fresher that night, Ben cradling Rey in front of the toilet as she dozes between bouts of vomiting. Something’s finally gotten the best of her, then, Luke thinks; for the first time in recent memory, she’s not barreling forwards on all cylinders. Instead, she’s boneless on Ben’s lanky lap, head tipped back against his shoulder in some semblance of fitful sleep. Luke sees the bowl of water and broth at Ben’s side, and suspects he’s been up for hours, and will continue to be for hours more; the sweat on Rey’s brow still speaks of a high fever, though Ben is doing his best to keep it at bay with a damp cloth and little murmurs of affection. My poor girl. It’ll pass. You’ll be well soon. I need you to drink some water Rey. Would you do it, for me? “Do you need anything?” Luke asks, lingering in the doorway. Ben spares Luke a glance, a quick flash of dark eyes over his shoulder, before returning to the task at hand. “No, we’re alright.” He says, trying to get the cup to Rey’s lips, though she’s shaking her head. It’s a pitiful motion. “Please, Rey.” He says, spanning the width of her tiny, burning forehead with one palm, stilling her. Luke can feel him in the Force, trying to coax her from the bottom of her misery, all golden, all nurturing. Finally, she gives. Rey take a few tiny, trembling sips from the cup in one of Ben’s hands, the other firmly on her little belly to keep her upright. “ Good , Rey. So strong,” Ben says. Luke steps back; he’s clearly not needed here. In fact, he doubts there’s neither a nursemaid nor medical droid in existence that could provide better care to Rey than Ben Solo. “I’ll leave you to it,” he says. Ben spares him another glance. “I’ll let you know if she gets worse,” he offers, taking the cup from her lips. “Good.” Luke ducks out of the doorway. He’ll check on them tomorrow; the Dantari flu can be tricky, especially for one so young as her. But for now, he keys the door closed, trying give them some privacy. “You have a long night ahead of you, but she’ll be alright.” He says quietly. As the door hisses shut, he hears Ben’s answer, slid in through the space between door and jamb: “I know.” Notes: Idk pretend jackrabbits exist in this universe? Comments very welcome as always! Really appreciate hearing everyone's thoughts. Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The ocean’s tides lap surely against their island’s flanks, the sun makes its away across the sky, and Luke blinks. Two years have passed. It’s the middle of the night, and the air is cool, lit by the soft shimmer of distant galaxies, the gentle tumble and turn of the cosmos and all its spindly points of light. In the loamy darkness, someone is knocking on his chamber door. Though the knocks are timid, the sound of them rings out like a shock in the night, hard against the quiet simmer of the jungle outside. But the visitor is cut short; Luke is already opening the door to his chamber with a wisp of Force suggestion, letting it slide aside with a soft shush . In fact, he can already sense the young presence outside, knows precisely who it is and why they’re here. It’s Yala. The Twi’lek is young, scarcely older than Ben, and his normally robust aura is withdrawing into itself with all the shyness of a saltwater conch. Luke has a decent sense of him; Yala and his nephew like sparring together in their free time. He’s a good kid, quick and strong and highly Force sensitive. Probably, Luke guesses, why he’s here. “Master Luke, I—“ “I know. Come in,” he says quietly, nodding his head to the boy. Beside Luke, on the ground, sit two others, Kitt and Bren. They’re both equally as young and uncertain, having drifted in only minutes before, first one, and then the other. Both equally as sleep-slow and spooked by a coming in the night. It’s a odd little coven, gathered at a strange and secret hour, but something has drawn them here, inexplicably, and Luke intends to find out exactly what. “So cold. It felt like, I don’t know—“ “Ice.” “Yeah, just like that. Like Ice.” The padawans’ voices pile on top of each other, meshing and building as they wake to each other, learn of the weirdness shared between them in their vision. “I felt like I’d never be warm again, you know?” “And it was telling me things—“ “There was a voice.” “Yeah, a creepy sounding voice. Like… an old man’s voice, almost.” “Real old. But no man I’ve ever heard.” “But it wasn’t mean, I don’t think?” I didn’t—“ Luke cuts in. “What did it say, exactly?” They dive back down again, enraptured with each other. “It wasn’t Basic.” “Oh, lots of stuff, like—“ “It knew my name. It knew who I was.” “And it was gentle. And… it felt like a good feeling, kinda.” “Yeah. It was cold, but only at first. Then—“ “I got used to it. Being cold wasn’t a bad thing anymore.” “Yeah.” They quiet, nodding, more to each other than to Luke. Yala’s lekku are twitching, agitated. Bren rolls her shoulders, squinting into the unpleasant, harsh light of Luke’s overhead, and he can tell that their adolescent energy is waning. He contemplates them as they take a collective breath, dizzy with the corroborations of their shared dream. He regards them steadily, but there’s something wrong here, off by the just the barest of degrees, and he can see it, like their skin is just slightly ill fitting around their bones. Like there’s a space inside them, inside their very presence in the Force, that wasn’t there before. An icy hand has hollowed them out-- to be occupied by what, Luke isn’t certain, and can’t know without help. This might be over his head. He walks them back to their respective chambers, careful to plant a seed of deep sleep inside each mind as he leaves; only a bacta-pad on a more insidious wound, but it’ll have to do until he can contact those in higher places. Walking back to his chambers, Luke suddenly feels intensely alone. Though he’s out of his depth and knows that he needs guidance, there’s a cold truth: there are few in the galaxy who might be able help him. Here he is, the sole remaining Jedi master, and each movement, each plan, pitches the future of his entire kind onto a different path— yet, he has no map to follow of his own, no heading by which to chart his course. He looks up. Above the swaying silhouettes of the banya trees, the stars suddenly aren’t quite as kind as they once were, more mocking. Cruel, cold, leaving him lonely. He’s Luke Skywalker, the tiniest, lingering cord at the end of one of the grandest pieces the universe has ever heard, and he feels it in the core of him, that immitigable weight. For the first time in years, he feels ancient. He loops around to the other side of the complex, figuring that he has a certain padawan to check on. It would be unlike Ben to miss out on anything that Luke finds strange or terrifying, after all. These things have a way of finding the boy; perhaps his blood is just too tangled up in Skywalker lineage to avoid pulling a few strings of fate on its own. The Force always did love his family just a little too much. The light is lemon-colored where it slices through the dark, drowsing dormitory, marking a path between the sleep-mussed bunks. He keys the door closed again, just to a bare slit to cast some visibility, but he can already feel it: there, as hot and tiny as a coal, is Rey. She’s here, though she shouldn’t be. Luke’s feet guide him to Ben’s bed (on the left, second from the end), passing through a colorful mix of snores and sighs, drifting up from the room’s various occupants. Fifteen year old Ben sleeps exactly how Luke would expect him to: facedown on his bunk, sheets and limbs all akimbo, hair an absolute pitch-dark nest on the pale, flimsy cotton. Stark against his sleep clothes, a single suntanned arm is reached across his middle, revealing the figure curled against his far side. Luke moves with practiced skill accumulated over years of waking before dawn, tread imbued with the same silence of the balmy breeze, the moonlight, that pours from the dorm’s open windows; it’s a mystery, then, how Rey shifts, wakes, as he approaches. But there she is, yawning and blinking up at him, while Ben’s back continues to rise and fall below her, breath still slowed by the heavy spell of sleep. “Master?” She says, rubbing her eyes. She looks so tiny there, next to the sprawl that is his nephew. “Rey. You shouldn’t be here, little one.” “Why?” Petulant, even through her half-asleep haziness. Luke sighs, breath huffing out through his nose. He knows her, how she gets when she’s like this; there isn’t much point in pushing her any further, especially when she’s around Ben, unless he’s angling for tears. “You know why, Rey. I’m sorry, you—“ “It was a bad dream,” she says, brow scrunching up. “Ben was having a—a nightmare. I made him feel better.” What? “Rey—“ “I can do it by myself.” She says, still all stubbornness as she awkwardly runs a hand through Ben’s thick curls, fingers clumsy with sleep. “I can do it.” “Do what?” “Make Ben feel better. He was really, really cold. Like…” Luke already knows the word she’s searching for, but doesn’t have the means to describe; living on the island, she’s never felt anything chillier than seawater on a brisk day, not in her entire life. Her vocabulary has no term to describe something so cold as ice , as the threatening presence of this shadow. He feels it, clouded around the base of his scull, drawn up and condensed by frosty, black particulates of his padawan’s fear. A fear that, somehow, he can’t sense on Ben— standing so close to the two of them, Luke realizes Rey’s presence has cast itself around his nephew like the gravity well of a star, hot, all-encompassing. Luke brushes against it, and feels none of the cold and ill-fitting darkness that has so stealthily infected the others. The boy is warm, and, more importantly, he is saved , so thoroughly strengthened by the hundreds of gold-gauzy filaments that bind him to Rey, that strange ability to wield the very power of the Force through the abiding bond they share between them. Ben’s resistance towards the visitor is no fluke, Luke knows, remembering a time that feels eons past: the little boy and the baby, inhumanly glowing, locked in the endless eddy and whirl of a trillion medichlorians, for better or for worse. Together. Rey has apparently given up on grasping at words beyond her five-year-old language, and has settled for giving Ben’s hair a smattering of silent kisses. Luke appears to be gone, for all she cares; she murmurs Ben’s name a few times, and something that sounds suspiciously like the word mine , before slowly succumbing to unconsciousness once more, settling away behind the plane of Ben’s shoulder blade. Luke watches as Ben smacks his lips with a disturbed sleepiness, shifting to his side with a groan, then turning onto his back, automatically taking Rey’s tiny form up with him. She buries her face into his neck with a sigh, clinging to his chest. Ben’s face is pink with pillowmarks, and Rey’s weight just enough to make his breathing wheezy with difficulty, but just the simple love and rightness of it causes a little fraction of his enormous, star-heckled loneliness to dissipate; nothing, he thinks, might look as perfectly content as the two of them do right now. It’s at that precise moment, standing beside those sleeping heavenly bodies, temples throbbing with lack of sleep and worry, that Luke Skywalker decides that he’s going to call his sister. General Leia Organa looks like she doesn't know how to hold her son. Her arms, though eager and warm, are uncertain against Ben’s back, like she’s not sure exactly when she stopped being able to cocoon herself over his shoulders, and has to go under instead; his chin rests on her shoulder now, his body all curved, willowy limbs and wiry strength. Luke watches Leia’s eyes crest over Ben’s broadening planes, chestnut and wet and crinkled by hard-lived years, to meet his own. Thank you, thank you, they say, for this joy, for this wonderful and exciting confusion. For that’s exactly what it is: for the first time in five years, Leia gets to hold her son, and it’s a remapping of sorts, a recalibration of a physical kind, that lets her measure how Ben has changed. How his body is less of that of a boy and more of a man , the way his features are becoming more defined, his face growing into his nose (his father’s nose), those ears she’s always loved so much. How tall he’s become, taller than her and, maybe, even, than— “Hey, kid.” It’s the phrase Luke’s heard a thousand times, spoken by a voice that’s a little bit grittier, more roughened around the edges by a few more close calls, but the same one he remembers nonetheless. He looks up so fast that his jaw snaps shut, and there he is: Han, standing at the top of the gangplank, arms tensed from his sides like he’s not sure whether to pick a fight, or to run. Typical, Luke thinks beneath his buried smile. There’re folds in that face, gray in that hair, but his chest is aching with a pleasant fullness because, there in the belly of the Falcon, is the very same man that he left behind twelve years prior. Luke had known that Han was coming, had felt his familiar presence aboard the ship, but oh , it is nothing compared to actually seeing him again, of hearing that familiar cockiness. Watch it, kid. Then he sees Ben tense in his mother’s arms. Instantly, the buoyancy in Luke hunkers down like a spooked animal, for the truth remains: he is far, far too old to for these fantasies, bright with a grand new freedom, with camaraderie, forged from memories of taking down the Empire with nothing but their wits and a few rounds of blaster fire. Han is the Force when it was new to Luke, exciting and magnetic, and he’s grown old enough to see the folly of it. He watches Ben raise his head to see his father, and Luke remembers, as he always, always must: There is another in his place. “Hey, Dad.” Ben says, slowly stepping away from Leia. He sounds like he’s trying out how the words feel in his mouth, and isn’t sure of the taste. Han walks down the gangplank of the Falcon, slow, bowlegged steps echoing on durasteel. He pauses at the bottom, fists clenching, unclenching, still looking like he might hop back in the cockpit and hightail it out of there. Then, all of a sudden, his arms are full of Ben, and the chances of Han’s escape are reduced from slim to none. “ Hey , Dad.” Ben’s voice is thick, muffled in the neck of his father’s flight jacket, and Han Solo looks like he might actually melt. “Ben.” His laugh soft, a huffed out sound, almost a sob, squeezed from him by a pair of young arms whose strength he has yet to fully know. “So, “ Han says, voice in danger of cracking, “Have they taught you any wizard mind tricks yet?” Luke watches their embrace, and then he remembers: there’s someone by his side. A very specific, impetuous someone. Rey’s hand is squeezing down where it’s wrapped around his own; she senses Ben’s turbulent emotions, too. She’s been surprisingly quiet, a little shadow at his side, waiting for Ben to greet his parents. She only has a dim understanding of the concepts of mother and father , both of which apply to Ben in any case. It must be a little bewildering to watch as he receives that kind of attention from someone else, a bit like a hummingbird promiscuously taking nectar from one flower, then the next. Rey’s only five, and her presence feels stung with a hint of childish betrayal that Luke can’t help but smile at; Ben would have to have an awfully poor heart not to have room for all three of them in it, just as you have learned, Skywalker . Not to mention that there’s not a being on the island that doesn’t know that Rey is Ben’s favorite person in the entire universe—except her, apparently. He squeezes her hand back as they watch the little family reunite, sending messages reassurance. She’ll figure it out eventually. Notes: well. there's some angst and a pairing you never asked for... oops also, underage sex will be /discussed/ in the next chapter, because teenage girls are just as horny as teenage boys, but it won't actually happen. just thought i'd give a heads up. really love your comments, y'all are angels/keep em comin! especially loved the theories as to what'll happen next etc Chapter 4 Summary: Today's my birthday, so I thought I'd post a little vignette from Ben's POV just for fun!! Doesn't have a ton to do with the plot/not really edited haha whoops One night, in wee hours of the morning, Ben sits up stock-straight in his bunk. Something’s wrong. He’s barely cresting on sixteen, and his heart is pounding, palms and underarms and brow soaked with clammy sweat. In his heart beats nothing but the sickly adrenaline of fearfearfearfear , and it takes him a second to realize that it’s not his own. It has Rey’s distinctive tint, which he recognizes instinctively. She’s hurt, or sick, or worse—in danger, and he’s not quite sure what’s going on, but his feet are stuffed into his boots before he knows what he’s doing, and he’s running to her. Hot rain stings his face with fat, heavy drops as he runs across the muddy quad to her dorm, lamplight running before his squinted eyes. For a second, he remembers the day when he first met Rey in all her newness, that frigid, biting downpour. Truly, he hadn’t known what it had meant to be warm until he held her. Now the rain is suffocating, and he’s not sure what it means, only that he has to get to her-- As it turns out, Rey is terrified of thunderstorms. She’s already reaching to him with trembling arms when Ben finally finds her, huddled in a pool of tear-tacky sheets in a shadowed corner. Oh, his poor girl. She’s a mess of confusion, shimmering terror, and it buffets his groggy consciousness. He knows precisely what she needs: to be told, body and mind, that he’s here. Shh, Rey. Her sobs gentle as he scoops her up, still just small enough to be easily carried. I’ve got you. She curls to him with a hiccup, automatically, and it feels like breathing; and this is the echo of a thousand scraped knees, of nightmares, disappointments. He might not be a Jedi quite yet, but Ben knows this: he has utterly mastered the art of Rey in its entirety. He leans against the wall, then slides down it on his back, ending with him sitting on the ground with a lap full of his tiny, terrified heart. He takes one slender wrist (the one with a scar like a fishhook curved over the brachial, one of her many trophies), and places her hand on his chest. Showing her the pace of his heart is the best way to calm her breathing, he’s learned. Rey’s an excitable child, and the light of her is so intense that sometimes it dizzies Ben himself, bleeds into him and makes his lungs frantic with it. Through a little trial and error, they’ve found this to be best; a shared mediation of sorts-- The first time meditation has been good for something , in his opinion. He runs a hand distractedly through the puff that is her hair in this humidity, and as her heartbeat slows to match his, he realizes that they can’t stay here. Simply too many people, the risk of waking someone else up, of having to explain what was going on, much too great to wait out the storm here on the floor. So they don’t. He takes her to the only place he can think of, as wet and tired as he is: the place Rey calls Their Spot. It’s an old piece of driftwood, a hulking piece of bone-white, decade-dried nobility, tucked against the bluffs on the beach near the compound. It’s been there since Ben can remember, but it was never particularly interesting—until Rey fell in love with it, of course. She’d discovered it on one of their hikes when Ben had let her crawl around in its beetle-y catacombs, run her hand across its ridged, ancient silverness. Be strong for me, Rey. I know you can. It’s a place of refuge, of discovery, and once Rey figures out where they’re going, she steels her face against the terror and the driving rain as best she can. They make their way through the jungle, hand in hand, the wide, dark leaves of the deku plants bowing and shivering with the weight of the downpour. Rey is pressed to his side as closely as his soaking leggings, glued to him more tightly with each growl of thunder that echoes in the darkness. When they reach the beach, her detritus castle is there, as it always is, and Ben crawls inside among its wiry shock of roots, into the hollow of its stump, then hoists Rey up by her armpits. They’re close enough to the treeline that he’s not afraid of a lightning, he decides, though he’s careful not to dwell on it. He doesn’t want Rey to read it on him, the fear. Tonight, he must be her strength. Sometimes, though, he knows, it’s the other way around. It’s faintly musty, but it’s dry, and Rey quickly settles herself between his legs, forms his body and his consciousness into layers of protection around herself. Ben goes willingly, of course, wrapping her in slender arms and golden reassurance. His heart sings with it; he loves the way they seem complete together like this, almost as much as he loves her millions of little quirks and complexities that he’s watch develop over the past few years. The garden that is her, that is Rey, which he’s help cultivate from the fallow ground of infancy into a hardy sense of adventure, sharp eyes, a boundless kind of love that burns with all the fierceness of a planet’s fusion. Hot, endothermic, purely from the core of her and nowhere else. She’s stubborn, and sometimes her smart mouth irritates him to no end , but Rey’s the very best of Ben that he could give to the galaxy, and he wouldn’t have her be anything else. Sometimes it’s a little scary, to be this tied up in this tiny being. He’s sixteen after all, practically a man in his own eyes. He should be finding love in someone else his own age, like all his friends are doing, discovering the pleasures of others and their hot, secret touches. Yet this girl is his ballast—he wants for nothing. He is so perfectly content to live off their simple love. It's been soaked up inside his very bones and it sates him from the inside out, almost to the point of delusion; sometimes, he thinks he might be able to live off her, and only her, no hunger nor thirst nor desire, save for to be nothing but loved by her. It’s intense, overwhelmingly so at times, but this thing between them has winnowed the stuff of them down, filled them out, so that their very beings grow more compatible by each passing year. Habits known and compensated for, fears (thunder, the dark visitor) recognized and protected against. He can read her better than any of his uncle’s old tomes in nothing but a glance, a scant brush against her psyche; he truly is fluent Rey. So he knows that her fear hasn’t quite abided yet, there in his lap, surrounded by him as they watch the lightning strike the sea outside. Each flash is like a momentary mapping against the dense, dark clouds, a course drawn on a chart across the galaxy that’s only illuminated for the barest second, stays like a glowing wire where it’s burned against his eyelids. A pause, and then another, deeper roll of thunder vibrates them. Rey whimpers. Suddenly, for the first time in years, the gentle insinuation of an old routine breezes across his mind: Rey wants to suck his thumb. It’s—surprising, he guesses, considering that she hasn’t wanted this in years, but it’s not particularly worrying. Rey is scared, and this is one of the best, oldest comforts she knows. So he lets her, resettles them to accommodate this; right thumb, crooked up into her soft palette, as is her preference. In this way, finally, Rey begins to find some kind of calm, there against the whorls of his thumbprint, in the darkness of the driftwood citadel. The staging of their refuge harkens back to a younger time, back when Ben’s life was full to bursting with Rey’s whispered stories in his ears. Ben has some stories of his own, though they haven’t been told for a long, long while, he thinks. Knowing Rey, they’re probably forgotten. So there, in the humid and storm-split night, Ben decides to spin Rey the only tale that he knows: that of a man, and his boy, and the vast, wonderful blackness of space. Stroking his hand in circles across her stomach, he pauses only for claps of thunder, telling Rey of their adventures, whispering in her own tiny ears about their grand escapes and discoveries among the stars. The scream of booster engines, the ozone-smell of hyperspace, the exultant feeling of his father’s pride shining brighter than the most intricate of nebulas. Ben tells her his stories, until the horizon is blushing with the hope of dawn and Rey’s eyelids are fluttering with the weight of exhaustion. Ben tells her of his time before her birth, of that fertile, velvety darkness he so loved, until she falls asleep in his arms, no longer afraid. Chapter 5 Summary: Warnings discussed in chap 3 have actually been pushed back! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Han and Leia don’t know exactly what to make of this creature who orbits their son, at first. A little moon with sparrow bones, hovering around a planet made molten by hormones and its own constant reformation. A strange spectacle, tidally locked. “This is Rey,” Ben says, wiping away his tears with the back of his hand, even as he’s pretending not to. “She’s… a friend.” Luke loosens his grip on her hand, lets her step forwards and into the scrutiny of these two unknowns. She lingers by his side at first, before quickly running to Ben, burying herself in the fold of his robes, like a pendulum swung from one safe place to another. Ben laughs, a bit phlegmy, but real, raising one arm to bring his robe aside to reveal her hiding spot. Exposed, she grips the coarse, cream-colored fabric of Ben’s trousers with one hand, peering up and around his flank at the two of them. “Hi, Rey.” Leia says, breaking into a smile. Her eyes fold at the edges in a way that belies her commanding presence; Luke knows that now she gets it. This was the missing piece, the key to the warmth and steadiness that Ben now holds in his heart. She’s sensitive to the intimate workings of their bond, and Luke feels her pluck gently at the fine goldenness that ties her son to this girl, testing it curiously. Rey shivers with the feeling, but holds fast. “Hey, kiddo.” Han’s crouching down a bit, getting on her level. “I’m Han. Ben’s dad.” He sticks out a hand in greeting (Luke smiles at the sight). There’s a pause, then, tentatively, Rey reaches out and touches his index finger; she clearly doesn’t know what to do with this business of hand shaking. Han’s puzzled by this, but, before he can think, Rey’s fingers are reaching up, brushing his nose instead, gaze locked on his face. She’s utterly enraptured. “This—this is Bens.” she says, as if it were the most simple truth in the world. Luke chalks up the fact that Han doesn’t fall on his ass purely to the reflexes he’s honed over a lifetime of dishonest living; he’s totally thrown, ungracefully trying to catch his balance against the dusty earth. Rey’s brow furrows. She’s never seen anything as strange as familial resemblance before in her life, has no tools to make sense of the way Ben is cobbled together from these two people who came from space, delivered to her on the clunk and whine of a crummy old freighter. Her hand clamps down on Han’s nose outright. Family is not blood, family is Ben. Family is Luke. “You stole it from him!” There’s an awkwardly still pause from all parties. Nobody speaks. Finally, Han: “Well, kiddo,” he says, unfurling to his full height, “I’m sorry to say it, but you’re dead wrong.” His eyes flick to Bens for second, as if asking permission, before returning to Rey. “Ya see, that little bastard—“ a head nod to Ben, “—well, he stole it from me! ” And with that, he’s caught Rey up in his arms, and she’s shrieking with joyful surprise, giggling as he tickles her under the chin. “ Han .” Leia voice is sharp; she doesn't exactly abide by the swearing, but even her best, most diplomatic poker face isn’t able to cover the warmth in her eyes. Though he’d only admit it himself under duress, Han Solo was made to be a father. Luke took years to come to terms with it, but it’s true; it’s glorious, watching how quickly he understands Rey, her ease with him in return, teasing and playing and kicking up dust. Luke wonders if Ben’s childhood had been like this, too. He looks aside to Ben, who’s some strange mixture of awestruck and jealous, and remembers that dark little thing, so aged under the weight of his worry. Somehow, Luke doubts that felt that love. He has forgotten her. No, not truly forgotten, in a literal sense—her presence is always there, tucked away somewhere in the corner of his mind, for always. A beacon, dim in the fog, lit from that strange, blue hologram flickering in his terra-cotta hovel eons in the past. But Luke, until this moment, has forgotten how important his sister really is. It’s like he’s been thrashing in the open sea, gulping at air, legs treading desperately, and all at once she’s the sandy bottom, risen to meet his feet. To catch, to bear the weight of him. To say: there is another. They’re eating lunch in the shade. The red clay of the quad is blazing with the heat of high noon, and all the padawans have retreated to the relative cool of the compound to take their break. Han and Ben have gone to the beach, Rey in tow. They seem to like spending time there over the past few days, just the three of them, and Luke is perfectly content to let them do as they please. “He seems so happy.” She says, sitting up a little straighter. Luke has noticed her unfamiliarity with her plainclothes; she keeps reaching to adjust lapels that aren’t there, straighten an invisible insignia on her breast. Luke smiles. “Yeah.” And you know why. Insects scream from the jungle. “Where did she come from, exactly?” “I—honestly, I couldn’t tell you. Someplace in the Outer Rim, I think, my neck of the woods. But Ben, he knew. When she was born, I mean. It was right out here,” he says, gesturing to the quad. “It was like… he turned around one day, and suddenly he was just twenty years younger!” Leia laughs. “Sometimes I really thought that he was the oldest kid I ever knew. He was always like that.” She pauses. “When he started getting quiet, I was honestly worried. Sometimes, I swear to god, I thought to myself— is he really Han’s ?” She glares at Luke, but he doesn’t stop laughing. “I’m not joking!” She looks down at her lap. “But now I get it, I guess. Sort of.” Her eyes meet his. “You were always better at this Force stuff than me, Luke.” Wrong. “Why her?” “Again, don’t know what to tell you. I think this just happens, sometimes.” He waves his hands vaguely. “The Force works in mysterious ways.” Leia snorts. “Well then, I take it back. You have no fucking clue, either.” “True.” They banter easily as they finish the rest of their meal, a simple salad of roots and greens, before Luke finally asks her the question he brought her across the galaxy to answer: “Do you feel it, too?” “What?” She puts down her fork, brow knit in confusion. “Don’t Jedi-riddle me, brother —I know you speak Basic perfectly well, thank you.” Ever the politician. Luke keeps his tone as level, maintaining eye contact as best he can. “There’s an imbalance in Force. A new Darkness. I—I don’t know what it is.” He tells her about the strange midnight coming from a few weeks before, the clutch of troubled padawans that were violated by this presence. He tells her about Ben and Rey and the way she delivered him from evil, barely. Her shoulders sag and her eyes go quiet; this is the old sadness coming out, Luke knows. This is what she keeps buried above all else, the thick scar tissue around her heart that hems and haws with the coming of storms, the uneven pressure fronts of grief: Alderaan. She’s thinking of Alderaan, and how their work is never, ever done. She’d lost her home, and now she’s almost lost her son. For a moment, Luke is nearly overwhelmed by a sense of secondhand heartache, but he centers himself with a deep, cleansing breath; they’re twin in this, as they are in most things, after all. They can bear it together. I’m sorry, sister. She finally meets his eyes, and gives him the softest, most melancholy smile he’s seen in decades. I know. For a moment, she might be as ancient as him. Two hearts, beating with more longevity than they have any right to possess, through pain and loss and the realignment of the galaxy. In spite of themselves. She shakes her head slightly, and, just like that, the feeling has dissipated; the universe moves on, as it must, with or without them. “Well, we’ve been hearing a lot about this one group, recently. They despise the Resistance,” she grins ruefully,” And have strong Empire sympathies. Very right leaning. They call themselves the First Order—maybe this has something to do with them? I can’t imagine that they’d really align themselves with the old Jedi values.” Luke pauses. “Hm. It’s a possibility.” “We’ve been trying to keep them down, but they’re awfully stubborn. I’ll keep my eye on them, let you know if I hear anything. Or feel anything, I suppose.” “Thank you, Leia.” He places wide, calloused hand on hers where it rests on the table between them. He feels the presence of her, scarred, but warm and steady, brush against his own. It’s reassuring. A gentle smile passes between them. No longer are the stars as cold, as harsh; maybe they don’t have to navigate them alone, anymore. Rey cries when they leave. It takes Ben, who’s a master at these sorts of things, the rest of the morning and afternoon to soothe her. Luke half expects her to be most upset about the fact that she doesn’t have parents of her own, but he sees the way that Ben dries her tears with kisses, brushes her hair into the three buns she so loves, and decides that she needs for no mother nor father; Ben is both, perfectly. And so the years pass. The rumor of the darkness lingers at the edge of Luke’s consciousness, but it drifts to the wayside with the coming and going of months. Leia and Han call more frequently now, checking up on Ben and Rey, filling in Luke with a name or two, occasionally, solidifying the vague opposition into something more tangible: The First Order, enemy to all who might call themselves a Jedi. But that drama is only budding, and taking place on a stage light-years and light-years away. Mostly, Ben’s parents are concerned with softer things, like watching as Rey keeps shooting up and up; it’s the wonderful growth of childhood that they never truly saw Ben through, so they dote on her during it, checking in on teeth lost, inches gained, scars acquired, somewhere in between their lives of tactical planning and cargo routes. Ben has grown too, if not in a less literal sense—his height seems to have finally plateaued at a full half head taller than Luke, as if the boy had to prove a point, couldn’t have settled for just a few inches to lord over him (Luke has come to terms with this, but only grudgingly). Ben’s baby fat has finally melted into hard angles, and, with no more upward momentum, he’s starting to fill out, long days of brutal training finally forming into toned musculature. He’s still willowy, but he is stronger, in every sense, and Luke takes pride in the man he’s becoming. Han and Leia do too, he knows it, sees it in their smiles as Ben slowly unfolds himself to them. When he’s eighteen, he passes the rudimentary trials Luke has put in place, a rough version of the nine-fold path of the old Order—Luke had only been able to find a few crumbling tomes outlining the nuances of padawan training; for the most part, he’s had to create the program from the ground up. Once again, thrust naked and unprepared into the brunt of this responsibility, forced to simply trust in the Force and some half-hope that he’s doing the right thing. Teamwork. Isolation. Fear. Anger. Betrayal. Focus. Instinct. Forgiveness. Protection. Honestly, Luke can’t imagine being so young and traversing something so broad, so deep reaching as these trials. When he was Ben’s age, he was given little; a handful of words, a few days, a saber, going in blind on the echo of Kenobi’s learnings, wither-worn over years of desert hermitage. He hopes he’s given these young ones something more than that, but he’s not sure. His pupils prove themselves beyond all expectation, naturally. Over the course of three months, Ben, along with the rest of his peers, navigate these ancient, heavy values. Three months of sweat, of sparring, saber wielding, Force-sense, meditation. After a little delegation with Rey, they decide that he’s cleared to do the jungle trial, too, spending a week alone in the wildness with nothing but his saber and his wits. It doesn’t go as well as planned, but then, when has it ever, where his nephew is concerned—it’s the longest he’s been away from Rey, and it shows. Though she’s a nexus of nervous energy and adrenaline when he’s leaving, she goes all sallow and quiet the instant he’s gone, and Luke grows more worried about her as the days pass. He can only wonder at how Ben’s faring at his end, hopes he’s faring well. On Rey’s end of things, though, it’s not going great. On the third day, it’s becoming too much, the bond stretched too thin; she’s stopped eating entirely, has gone all glassy-eyed with absence. He can feel the distance like a tangible thing, taut and uncomfortable and terrible, across his own consciousness. On the fourth day, she doesn’t get out of her bunk. When Luke searches through the rumpled sheets, grabs her hand and presses a frantic finger to her tiny wrist, her pulse is sluggish. It’s gone to far; oh Gods! Luke might have made an awful mistake. Ben, of course, has already returned to the edge of their compound when Luke calls out to him in the Force. He also doesn’t appear to be in much better shape than Rey, as if some secret part of his heart has broken down, given in. There are deep circles under his eyes, a dryness to his lips, and a listlessness to his movements that Luke can’t attribute to any malady the jungle might inflict. No , Luke thinks as he looks upon this specter, this is purely Rey . As he hoists the girl into the waiting arms of this derelict version of his nephew, some small part of him finds this intensely interesting—if it wasn’t life threatening, of course. Oh, how much it must have cost him to be caught between a rock and a hard place like this, pining for Rey, but dreading certain failure if he returned. Luke feels a pang of guilt. He should never have spread them so thin; It might complicate things a bit, this unusual weakness, but they can work around it. Ben curls against her immediately, nuzzling his forehead to hers, indicating no inkling of desire to move from this spot until he’s re-learned Rey in her entirety, compensated for the four days of his absence. She stirs, only to lean closer to his touches. Already, color is returning to their ashen cheeks, a warming in their combined aura and in their tactile presence. Once again, Luke finds himself dumbstruck at the sight of them, the wholeness they emit as naturally as a star might emit radiation. No—not weakness. A strength of the purest, most powerful kind. It’s then that Luke decides, finally, that it’s time. Ben’s still so young, coming up hard on nineteen, but his nephew and the other padawans-verging-on-knights are ready for it: it’s time to leave their island. He’s seen how restless they’re becoming, their honed Force sense and amassed strength on the incisive edge of growing too big for the bounds of their jungle, their cradle, and now it’s time to leave. It’s just for a few weeks, Luke decides, on a mission to find kyber crystals on a planet in a nearby system, but chance to leave their island all the same. He’ll go with them, of course, leave his oldest and most trusted pupils to watch after the young ones. After today, Rey will come, too. He’s not sure that Ben could make it if she didn’t—if either of them could—and Ben has earned his spot on the shuttle, proved it in the concrete solidness of sweat and skill and knowledge. This is their first true step to becoming full-fledged Jedi; it’s Luke’s first step in shifting the course of the universe, as well, perhaps, borne on the backs of the new generation. It sounds a little like hope. Until, of course, everything goes to absolute shit . Notes: Long A/N ahead: Ahh i have kind of a love/hate relationship with this chapter, but now it's finally published. This story as a whole has gotten way longer/plottier/more in depth in general as it goes on, thanks in part to the great suggestions of you guys!! someone said that they wanted more soulbond h/c, so who am I to refuse (more to come, btw). Han and Leia weren't really going to be mentioned in my original plot either, but now I'm glad that somebody suggested it!! What I'm saying, pretty much, is that the feedback that I've been getting for this story has been so amazing, and thank you guys so much-- you've formed it into something much bigger than I initially imagined. Also, some amazing fanart has been made for this story! I'm seriously blown away by this. Nobody has ever drawn anything for something I've written, and I can't say how happy this makes me :) Check it out here: http://iconosquare.com/p/1178323130114253117_185771415 and here: https://www.instagram.com/p/BBdFx-MliGa/ Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Maybe it’s the moisture farmer in his blood, Luke thinks, that spurs the jump in his heartbeat. They’re accelerating, pushing up and away from their home, piercing their planet’s atmosphere in a gut-wrenching arc of booster-fuel and g-force. The shuttle is old, but trustworthy. He’d been a little skeptical, honestly, after a decade and a half under little more than a tarp, but everything miraculously seems to be humming in a kind of synergistic order. The accelerator is comfortable in his grip as he guides them through the thinning air, and for the first time in years, there’s something in him that feels fresh . He rides the adrenaline edge, vibrating through him in time with the hull, and is reminded of a small, but important, detail: no matter how much Skywalker he carries in him, he was crafted of a different alloy-- he’s the son of Owen Lars, a child of doubled sunlight and sand, and somewhere inside Luke, perhaps, space is still laced with just a little bit of magic . Rey cries out when they’ve finally cleared the stratosphere. Luke glances behind him, watches her yank her hand from Ben’s grip and press both hands to the viewport beside her, like she’s trying to grasp the very blackness in her sweaty fists. He smiles. The others are in a similar state; like Rey, most of them were much too young to remember being taken to their island, and he can see their sensory overload in the way they’re white-knuckling their armrests. Just six of them, including Luke. A small group, but Luke thinks this is best—he’s still a little hesitant to leave the island at all, let alone bring all of the older padawans with him. Also, the not-inconsiderable fact that this shuttle is scarcely large enough for all of them now ; it’s an elderly model, even by Luke’s standards, about half the size as the Falcon, with a crammed cockpit, tiny passenger lounge, and modest overnight accommodations. It’s not exactly made for long journeys, nor a large group of rambunctious teenagers. Rey, of course, more than makes up for this in her own way. As soon as they’ve coasted to a stop, preparing for their hyperspace jump, she’s already out of her seat, running excitedly from window to window, trying vainly to gain some sort of scope of the true emptiness of this new and wonderful place. Her presence is lighting up the shuttle, vibrating with complete, radiant abandon, but Luke doesn’t quite enjoy the idea of his tiniest padawan getting dashed against the aft wall when they make the jump. “Ben—could you—“ But his nephew is already gathering her up, strapping her into his lap with two strong arms. She squirms, furious that there’s so much out there outside the ship and she can’t explore it , but he shushes her. “Ready,” he says simply, voice deep around Rey’s high-pitched, indignant yelps. And so they are. With the flip of a switch, Luke, along with his tiny crew of the galaxy’s burgeoning hope, are sent catapulting into the blue-blinding current of hyperspace. Something isn’t right. Luke glances over the cockpit’s various readouts once again, triple-checking that everything is running smoothly. No problems there; acceleration compensator, cooling systems, the hyperdrive—they’ve all shuffling stalwartly along, working as well as this ship might be expected to. No, that’s not it . Something else is making him nervous. It’s a feeling akin to the terrible, nauseating inevitability of knowing that he’s going to vomit, making his palms slick, flooding his mouth with saliva. He swallows, watching his padawans where they’ve settled down for their day’s journey, tucked into various corners of the ship. Some of them are in the bunks, but Kitt’s asleep, curled up between the storage lockers and the grill of the ventilation system. Ben and Yala bookend Rey at the compact table, reading her something on a data-pad, pushing up against her shoulders from either side. Luke watches as Yala dips down to make a face, bugging out his eyes and tongue, and she giggles at the sight, tugging impishly on one of his lekku. Two brothers with their little sister between them, a tiny family—something in Luke’s chest echoes with the image of him and Leia and Han, in a different time. All at once, before his eyes, Rey quiets, as if she can intuit Luke’s gaze just by the brush of it against her cheeks. When their eyes meet, Luke remembers: she is so golden . He can’t quite hide how much the intensity of her eyes startles him. When did they become so knowing, so incredibly sensitive to the world around her? She smiles, little dark gaps between her teeth where the baby ones have fallen out, and waves to him. Ben and Yala glance up, together, and Luke gives the three of them a smile, though sure looks much more strained than he should really let on, more of a grimace than anything else. Then he turns back to the controls; his guts are roiling against each other, and he hasn’t the foggiest idea why. He combs a hand through his hair. Trust your instincts. One of the oldest pieces of advice Obi-wan Kenobi had ever given him. Or maybe it was the only one, a little hard pit of understand parsed from of those few days of harried saber-swinging, of cryptic Jedi riddles. Luke can’t remember much, save for the importance of that singular, unwavering idea. It’s entirely possible that Luke Skywalker is the most ill-trained, underprepared Jedi master the universe has ever seen, but he knows this: he trusts in the Force, and he trusts in his gut. And right now, both are telling him that something is terribly, horribly wrong. The tap water in the fresher does nothing to clear his mind. It runs limply down the folds around his eyes and mouth where he’s splashed it, drips from his hair, tasting recycled and metallic. The cubicle has been afforded a small mirror, and, after some thought ( why not?), he slowly bends a bit to catch his face in frame. He nearly jumps, flinging water droplets everywhere; there’s a reflection he hasn’t seen in over a decade looking back at him, and it’s disturbingly alien. Not the fine wrinkles, nor the greying hair—Luke never cared for his looks much, anyways, though he was assured by many, after the fall of the Empire, that he was good-looking in his youth. No, he knew, in its transient way, that the aging of flesh was the natural course of everything in this existence, a path forged by the Force itself. In the mirror there’s a different kind of age, something carried in the set of his eyes, that sets him reeling. They’re that same old powder blue, the color of the high noon sky on Tatooine, pale and sand-scrubbed. That familiarity has changed, somehow. It’s the same thing that caught him when he found Rey’s eyes, in a sickening reversal-- when had he become so care-worn, so star-wearied and uncertain ? A droplet rolls down his cheek. In the shuddering glimmer of it, Luke notices, for the first time, that he’s trembling. Luke will remember all of this. The precise arrangement of the quivering beads of dew across his eyelashes, the prickle of wetness in his beard, against his skin. The watery light overhead, deepening the creases in his papery skin to canyons. He’ll remember it for the rest of his life, carrying the face that tiny mirror against his chest until the end of time, burning it on the inside of his ribs, because this is it: the moment of his greatest failure. Everything changes so quickly it’s sickening . A snarl across the Force, bright and cold and terrible as Hoth once was, all those years ago. Frostbite-blackened, crackling with a sheen of frozen sweat. The humming thread of tension has snapped, and all he can he can see is slain animals in snow, matted fur and black-blood— blood, blood. Yala is dead. Yala’s light has gone from this place, and Luke has lost a part of himself with it; that’s the simple truth. A life he’d known, nurtured, for nearly twenty years, gone as easily as the light of a distant star, hidden behind a finger raised to the night sky. Luke blinks and he’s knocked Bren to the ground in the tiny corridor, tearing from the fresher and towards the fore of the ship. His padawan scrambles against the wall, is as fear-tight as a spooked animal, with Drea close behind—he can only catch the whites of their eyes, wide, terrified in the dimness, before he’s turned away. Luke thinks he tells them to stay there, out of sight, but he’s not sure; he’s already gone, on to face the nightmare ahead. Luke remembers now, knows precisely who and what and why, remembers the texture of that frigid darkness: Ancient, wretched, and entirely Luke’s own fault. The smell of burning flesh is so strong, so fresh, that Luke’s eyes water with it. He sees Ben first. His nephew is backed up against the auxiliary controls, arms and legs splayed wide, slick palms leaving smears where they’re planted on the plastisteel behind him. He’s purely terrified, shoulders heaving with huge breaths; he’s got Rey there, though Luke can barely see her, tucked in the tiny pocket of space between is back and the curved wall of the shuttle. She’s making little sobs, breathy half-gasped things that make Luke’s heart hurt with the sound of them. Beneath the ground, mere feet away, lies Yala, and Luke can already see where he’s been neatly cloven in two. Shoulder to hip, pieces disconnected from each other as easily as two pieces of machinery. No blood. Never any blood. “Skywalker.” It’s Kitt, the mellow timbre of her voice, and yet entirely not. . Luke finds her where she’s crouched in the opposite corner, saber cocked over her head in a stance that Luke knows he’s never taught her, the blue of the blade splitting the very air of their cramped space with a warbling whine. She’s watching him like a predator might, shifting her stance, adjusting and readjusting her grip, and there is no reality in which this person resembles the young woman he raised from childhood. Oh, what a one to be chosen. Luke has never been colder than this. Her gaze flicks away, back to Ben, and Luke grasps at her mind immediately, trying to pry Kitt free from this darkness. He’s rejected in a heartbeat, like the repelling pulse of two electromagnets forced against each other. Heel, old man. The voice cuts directly to the core of him, Luke’s left reeling, vaguely sensing that he’s tipped to one knee, crashed against the lip of the table. He’s paralyzed, held down by the cold presence, and can only watch as not-Kitt advances towards his Ben and Rey, saber high. Luke shakes, there on the floor, and he can’t even unlock his jaw enough to scream. Notes: heyy i'm back i took a crack at writing smut and here i am again thank you for being so patient! ! here's some angst you never asked for Chapter 7 Notes: probably RIFE with mistakes, i'm so sorry (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) There is no worse sound in the universe, Luke thinks, than the sound that Rey makes when Kitt breaks her arm. There’s a terrible, burning flash in the Force, and at first, Luke only knows that something’s happened—he tries to decipher what, exactly, around the whirl of Ben’s robes as he clutches and claws at her, but he can’t quite catch it. And then there, in the flurry of activity, he sees: her skin has gone shock-pale, eyes screwed tightly shut with a pain that’s oversized, too enormous for her tiny body. She cradles her arm against her chest like a wounded animal, gasping in tight, hiccuped breaths. Ben’s speaking to her, way out in the distance, somewhere too far away for anyone in this room to hear. His voice is fast and calm and low, but his words are indistinct, and Luke can catch the edge of his white-hot fear through his presence. Ben gathers her up to his chest, trying vainly to put something between Rey and danger, and he’s so, so focused ; the whole fulcrum of his existence pivots on the little injured bird in his arms. It always has. Her arm’s been crushed by a terrible being wearing his padawan like skin, and his nephew is becoming positively unhinged at the sight of it. “Solo.” Ben’s head whips around, hair in his dark, fear-wild eyes, and Luke cranes his neck awkwardly to look at Kitt, stubble scraping across the durasteel. She’s obscured by the edge of the auxiliary temp unit, but he can still see inky curl of her hair, her deep skin, the blue blaze of her saber. Broken up like this, little snatches of hair and clothing, she might be the girl Luke once knew. The girl he remembers hanging off the crook of his arm, anxious to show him the new technique she’d honed. Dexterous, brilliant. “Finally, you’re here,” she says, and Luke feel his heart sink at the strange, flat timbre of her voice. He can’t see her face, but just that, the absence of any kind of joy or liveliness, is enough to slide the wrongness of this whole thing right under his ribs and truly fuck with his heart. She’s gone. “Stars, you don’t know how long I’ve waited,” she says. Her saber is by her side now, Luke can hear the singing hum of it. “A wiley one, you are.” “The fuck do you want ?” Ben’s voice is soft from the other side of the room, trembling, heavy with a terror drawn up deep from the well of him. Rey is splayed across his lap, and he holds her like she’s made of glass. Kitt barks, and it takes Luke a second to realize she’s laughing. “Oh— surely you know. You’re smart, I know you are. That’s why I like you.” She takes a step forwards, saber still complacently lowered. “You’re so incredibly worthy, Ben. Can’t you see it? You’re meant for better things than—“ Luke catches a glimpse of one clawed hand as she waves it around the ship’s interior, “—this sentimental shit. Last hope of the galaxy, and all that.” Foolish, and you know it . The voice cuts into Luke like ice. “I know how much you want for something else, Ben,” she continues on, like she each word doesn’t sizzle with the all the coal-bright burning of a brand. “Your master doesn’t see it, but I do. Maybe not Dark, but not Light, either. Some terribly lonely in-between.” Luke thinks of the boy he knew, once, nine years ago, and shivers; there might be more truth to this than he ever expected. “You think you’re monstrous, Ben. We all know it,” she presses, words flat in that weird, dead voice. Ben visibly flinches. But he doesn’t say no. Luke didn’t know it was possible for his heart to break any further than it already has, but. Well. He’s still learning, isn’t he. He watches as his nephew curls further into Rey, trying to draw some sort of strength up from her feeble presence, fortify both of them against the stinging truth. Luke feels at Ben’s mind and nearly gasps; his mind is boggled by the sheer idea of Ben being able to simply function with so much fear and sadness all hidden up inside him. Staggering, exhaustive. Too much for one person to bear alone. He reaches to Rey, tries to calm her pain and coax her fire; Ben needs her now, more than ever. “Oh, yes. That,” Kitt says. “That’s just it, isn’t it? If it wasn’t for that pitiful girl, you’d already be honing yourself to a much greater goal, know a power so much more than anything you could ever even conceive . You’d already be mine.” A pause. “And your friend wouldn’t be dead, I suppose.” A sound rips from Ben at the mention of Yala, somewhere halfway between a sob and a shout, completely involuntary, completely animal. “A bond. Troublesome thing, that.” And now, finally, the saber slowly rises, cocked high over her head in a vapaad hold that leaves Luke scrambling against the heavy paralysis in his muscles, oh fuck, oh fuck; this is the end of all things. She’s coming towards them, hard and fast and terrifyingly real, and Luke can’ t do a thing to stop her “Ben,” it’s growling, voice an awful falsity of Kitt’s own, something twisted, wrong and sour. “Come, boy, just let me cut the damn thing off— “ Later, Luke will think about this moment in the context of motherhood, of all things. It comes up on the back of an old memory, rising, unbidden: a wicked sandstorm from back in ancient times, when the vaporator on the farm had broken down, pinning him by his leg, crushing it instantly. He remembers the pain more than anything, sand in his eyes and ears and mouth. But then, miraculously, freedom; His aunt, her dark silhouette huge against the dim-hazed suns, lifting the metal beast with seemingly inhuman strength, enough let him drag himself free. He thinks of the lock-jawed adrenaline that had pumped in her muscles, the utterly instinctual compulsion to save , everything be damned, and now understands that need a little more. The part of him that was able to break free, flick his silver saber at his across the room, had something to do with that kind superhuman strength, he thinks. The way it had slipped from his belt, tumbling like an errant ship through the emptiness of space and into the deft grip of his nephew’s hand, born from a pure love, something selfless. He’ll think of that, later, of the only mother he ever knew. Of her strength. Now, there’s bile rising in his throat, sweat running in his eyes with the effort of resisting the hold. His vision swerves dangerously close to total blackout, but Luke can still hear it: The sweet sound of ignition. The screeches and sizzles of their fight are decadently loud over the soft hum of the engine, the whir of their craft as it slips through hyperspace. The blows are blindingly fast, blades tucked in tight to their bodies; any errant slice risks renting a vital piece of equipment in two, slitting a whole in the hull, boiling all their brains where they sit in their skulls. The galaxy’s last Jedi master and his very best padawans, cooked in their skins in less time than it takes to draw a breath. Luke wants to avoid this, if at all possible. Kitt’s slices and parries are a savage thing to watch; if there was ever any doubt that someone else was holding her reins, that doubt in now gone. Her grip, the way she stabs out from the hip, the brutal weight on her slices, all are things that Luke never taught her how to do. He remembers, once, how he fought his father, and in some sickening way, Kitt reminds Luke of him. The simple ruthlessness of Sith form, embodied by willowy limbs, delicate wrists, making the hold of Kitt’s kind shoulders go all skewed and snarled. Each blow digs deeper, harder. Ben fights like he’s dying and Luke thinks that what he’s feeling might be a sick and twisted kind of pride; this is what he’s been training him for, years and years of muscle-memory. Clean, savage, first form, third form, fifth form , red clay dust of the quad staining his boots so deeply and thoroughly that he can no longer scrub it out. Weight and counterweight, the swirl of robes as, slowly but surely, Ben starts to advance . He’s finally building off of Rey, Luke realizes, drinking deeply from their bond and drawing strength from her body, doubling and strengthening himself with her medichlorian count. Here they are, those golden children from so long ago, sitting on Luke’s bunk and splitting open the very workings of the Force, their feast, their fruit. Stupid, ancient Luke. He only has a dim understanding of the inner workings of this thing, but knows: Ben and Rey have been fucked up, divided and re-bound again, but not without reward. Cursed, kissed by the very fiber of the Force that’s knit right into their bones. The sting-bright dawn of understanding crests over him as he lays squirming on the floor, watching Ben fight for his life. For Rey. Here is the truth: not this day, but someday, Ben and Rey might be more powerful than him. Than Anakin was, than anyone. That’s an awfully terrifying thought. But there are sabers singing and for now, Ben is good and Not-Kitt is better; his nephew might never live long enough to wield that power at all, and that’s much more frightening, much more real. They clash again, once more, and then Ben cries out: Kitt’s saber has glanced his arm, slipping through his sleeve, and the smell of burnt flesh grows impossibly thicker. All at once, she has the upper hand, skirting around his weakened form towards his vulnerable side: the little body curled up on the floor, pale and stiff with the magnitude of her pain. Luke watches, transfixed, as Ben tries vainly to lunge before her, distract, do something to keep Kitt at bay because she’s advancing on Rey and he will not allow it , but it’s heartbreaking—a swift, vicious left hook to the temple, snuck in between flashing blades, a boot heel to the stomach, and fzzzt. Clean-cut. His nephew’s head clips the edge of the table as he falls, saber skittering across the room, and for some fucked-up reason, all Luke can manage to think is not a hand not a hand not a hand ; somehow, the poetry of that would break him. He’s sure of it. He imagines Ben with cruelly mismatched hands, like him, like his father before him, spindly bio-tech, the black leather glove. So thoroughly yoked to the Skywalker bloodline that it’s written clearly in his wounds. But no, just fingers, and Luke could laugh with relief--- three, strange, pale things, scattered on the ground like some grotesque dice. Ben’s saved. From a terrifying symmetry, at least; Luke can’t even breathe because he’s never felt more powerless than this. Ben’s grounded, Rey’s shivering beneath the shadow of this monster as it moves to kill her, and he no longer has a weapon to provide. No wise words to give. No slip-thin opportunity, even, to sacrifice his own body as a target or a shield or as a weapon. You’ve failed, old man, says the cold, dark thing. Yes , he trembles. Yes. Kitt bears down on Rey, and Luke remembers those bitter-cruel stars. It wasn’t Ben, he’ll tell himself, later. Ben could not be capable of something like this. Luke knows Sith. Knows them much more fully and intimately than he’d ever hope to, how they fight, how they feel , the red-raw weight of the Force at its very darkest. Beast, wet-muzzled, jowls dripping with viscera. So Luke knows instantly that Ben, his boy, the one he’s raised since he was old enough for it to matter—he feels like a Sith . Luke feels the breath flee from him, pressed out by the force of this anger that’s not just hot, but cruel, deep and Dark, one thousand degrees removed from any mood he’s ever felt flicker across Ben’s consciousness. He’s seen Ben anguished and terrified. He’s seen Ben cry with fury until he nearly shook to pieces ( They left me, they left me! ). But everything Ben has felt until this moment has been soft, yielding. Flesh, even. This anger is bone . His nephew’s scream is a feral thing and Kitt goes flying , tossed from Rey like she weighs no more than the training kit she’s clothed in. Luke realizes, vaguely, that she’s laughing, this weird hitched thing that keeps echoing over and over in the back of her throat, even as she’s pinned up to the grill of the intake duct. “Yes!” she chokes as he stands, stalks towards her. “Yes, yes !” Do you see it? Says the cold to Luke. Do you feel it, too? He is so utterly perfect. Luke struggles, once again, to rise against the power, because he must. Thank you , says the voice, deep with—sincerity?--and then in one blinding moment Luke’s free and it the relief of it feels exactly like a gasp of air does after eons underwater. The presence is gone. Kitt is thoroughly human, now, trembling, shell-shocked, but Ben’s all gone on the fury and the Darkness and the way the very heart of him is crumpled in the corner. The neatness of Yala’s death, how quiet, how bloodless. Luke’s gorge rises again as he struggles to stand, sprung from his bonds; Ben is so, so wounded with the weight of those he loves, and he’s not going to stop . Ben calls the saber to him. It’s a left handed grip, now, mangled stump of his right cradled in close to his chest, but Luke knows that it’ll do the job; it doesn’t take much finess for a saber to cleave a prone body in two. His eyes are wide and wild, blind; He is a tempest. The saber flies to his hand with all the grace of a silver blaster bolt, and the movement is as fluid as breathing, catch, draw back, then the savage arc across to end it all-- Luke catches his hand while he’s in mid swing. Luke’s never had premonitions. Never had that kind of relationship with the Force, nothing placed before him besides the yawning void of I don’t know . No clouded dreams, no hazy hands to guide his way with blurry intuitions. He’s never been able to see the future, but maybe what he sees in Ben’s eyes as he stands there, gripping his wrist, isn’t quite that. It’s more of something that could’ve happened, but didn’t. A little boy curling further and further in on himself in the darkness until he folds. The blue-dark of heavy rain, that ever-present, ever-awful stench of saber-cooked flesh. A red saber blade, crossed, spitting jaggedly into the night, and a sense of deeply abiding anger to match it. A filter-warped voice, an echo of the one that Luke still hears in his dreams, sometimes: I will finish what you started. Han is dead (Luke knows this with complete certainty, he does not know how), and there is a sadness so deep and wide that it might swallow a person whole. That boy who Luke knew, once, directionless, untethered. Cold and chrome and chrome and chrome stripped down until he’s something more, something better. Luke stares into that terrifying blackness. Ben’s shoulders are heaving with his hot breath, hair sweaty and soaked. He looks like an animal, and no, this is not the future; somewhere, somehow, in a different place or time or dimension that Luke can’t quite manage to wrap his head around, this is what Ben is. Luke can’t think. They froth at each other in emptiness, quiet save for the hum of his saber. “ Go to Rey ,” he says finally, and, mercifully, Ben does, like a rancor to its prey. It’s then that Bren and Drea storm the cabin with a rush, all whimpers and cries of Oh! Yala! and master, master; they’d been waiting just outside, still in the hallway. Their eyes are tear-stained, their faces phlegmy, and suddenly it all becomes real. One of his students is dead, and his boot shuffle, arrange and rearrange, as he staggers under the weight. Bren runs to Kitt, cupping her collapsing cheeks in his hands, while Drea has run to Ben and Rey. “Ben, oh gods, are you—is everything—“ she’s reaching out to touch the dark, quivering animal, asses with soft hands and the gentle touch of friendship, and it’s the worst idea Luke could conceive of. “ Don’t touch him ,” he hisses, and Drea spooks up, tears flying from her trembling lashes. Bren looks up, too, and suddenly Luke feels like the smallest being in the universe. “Don’t—“ his voice is cracking. “Don’t touch him.” Drea backs away, slow, bereft and terrified and confused, and Luke wants to crumble at the expression on her face. That thing is not my nephew , he wants to cry, remembering the shape of that red saber and the sickening piles of storm-soaked bodies. That’s not Ben! But there's the thing he’s choking on, something so terrible that he can barely breathe around it, standing in the wreckage of his hope: It is. It is. Notes: thank you guys so much for being patient. i've kind of lost where i want this story to go/have been feeling v blocked but i wanted to at least finish this chapter on another note, if i made an 8-tracks for this, would ya'll listen to it? come chat me up @ floatin-on-bespin.tumblr.com ! comments always very appreciated!!