this was absolutely a mistake. the room is lighter than the last time he remembers it, with pulsating coral lights that make them glow this time. like stars or heavenly bodies except that there is nothing pure or virtuous about what they are doing right now. the half-lit territories of their hearts are flickering to blackness and hux feels his eyes roll back as kylo thrusts into him again, arms caging him in like a wild animal. hux tastes like salt and honey as kylo licks a stripe up his neck, slowing to a pace that has him squirming. hux is given a moment to adjust, looking at the light blue of the ceiling and walls, before kylo's hand is around his throat and everything begins to dr i f t the heel of kylo's hand is pressing down on the lovebitten column of his throat and everything is tightening just so as the edges of hux's vision start to fuzz and his mouth opens to try and swallow down air but kylo kisses him so he can't. kylo likes hux when he's struggling; his ice-blue eyes look brighter and sharper and the little whines that trickle from his mouth are delectable. good enough to eat. hux's vision is nearly black and shaking violently as strands of air try to lace themselves into something useful and he is falling and it's going dark and then-- OH kylo jerks his hand from hux's throat as fast as greased lightning and everything comes hurtling back into focus and hux is coughing, spluttering onto the duvet as he takes gasps of air like a drowning man. kylo doesn't bother to ask if he's okay, simply shoving the general's legs up so his toes nearly touch the headboard. he can see the final bump of his spine from where he's crouching -- he likes how slender and skinny hux is; means he can throw him around and break him apart easily. he takes a quick glance at the redheaded man, his eyes wet with tears and his teeth gritted as he breathes raggedly. his usually perfect hair is flopped forwards over his eyes. beautiful. kylo whistles and clicks to get hux's attention, like a trainer with a show dog. "spread your ass for me," and hux does, almost shyly. his fear has melted away to a look of defiance, and he moans softly as kylo spreads a heady amount of lube inside of him, wiping his fingers on the duvet. hux is still for a few moments before he feels something poke at his ass and it's not kylo or his own fingers so what is--? 'it' suddenly shoves inside him violently, moving hard and fast and deep and hux yelps and scrabbles on the bed, wailing. the tears from his eyes start to drip down onto his face as he realizes kylo is fucking him with the force, making the invisible sensation stretch him out just so as kylo rubs up against his prostate (and he wouldn't even hesitate to push further and fuck his guts around but he doesn't ) and hux's eyes flare open. he's one hundred percent sure that bastard is also giving him a handjob ( forcejob? ) as he feels... something wrap around his dick, sliding up and down. he's shaking from the overwhelming feeling of everything as he looks at kylo, fresh tears welling up. he's smirking, of course, clearly enjoying pulling him apart. "ky-kylo-- i--" hux chokes out, and nearly rolls off the bed as the force suddenly bottoms out inside of him, tilting his head back to whine "reee-ee eee - nnnn ," and for the general of a military starship that's pretty fucking embarrassing but he's so desperate to come he doesn't care at this point. he's drooling, which makes the whole thing even worse and his chest is heaving as hux takes three quick gasps and almost screams as he comes, the noise reverberating around the room as he grabs onto the headboard. he thinks he hears kylo laugh as he fucks him through his orgasm, the redhead's nails scratching on the white wood of the headboard as his vision whites and he comes dangerously close to blacking out, hearing a wet shluck and losing the feeling of being full as kylo pulls the force from him like a blanket and he snaps out of it. laboured breathing is the only noise in the bedroom as hux cracks his eyes open, shaking. "you're bleeding, but just a little," kylo murmurs, crawling back over him as hux's legs drop to hit the bed. there's cum drying on his general's chest and stomach and ren leans down to lick a little bit of it away before kissing the general's forehead and flipping him onto his front. kylo shoves his body over hux's, grabbing his hips and pushing back inside of him. hux is going to have to lie and say he's swamped with paperwork for the next two days after this escapade, whimpering as kylo kisses his neck. "you take cock so well," kylo growls, and hux moans. "i really wish you could see the way you stretch around me-- fuck, i must be incredible ." there's the feeling of kylo's muscles tensing and flexing like an instrument against hux's back as they fuck like rabbits in heat, kylo's hands on hux's stomach, kylo's voice constantly purring into hux's ear. "you look so pretty when you're like this. might keep you here and use you whenever i want-- you'd like that right? to be nothing more than a fucktoy?" there's that familiar feeling of closeness again and kylo pauses as he feels hux tighten, quickly rolling over so the redhead is on his back. "you're going to come again so soon? you slut !" hux groans softly and feels his legs shake as kylo sighs out, "love this. love you." and then, and then, and then-- when he comes again, hux sees stars-- or is that just the glimmer in kylo's eyes? (later, he realizes this was absolutely not a mistake.) Notes: i used tentacle porn to plan out the force sex don't look at me DON'T LOOK also if you're wondering why red is such a big theme in my kylo fanfiction it's because red is a powerful, passionate colour that is open to many interpretations when presented in different shades. i chose to present the majority of this story in coral and pale blue. as always, find me on tumblr at phamsa! i now have a kink blacklist so heed that if you want to request anything.