He was always broken. When you had first met him, he was ice; solid and cold but brittle, breakable. What you did not realize was that he had already shattered himself years ago, and his demeanor at the time was nothing but the remnants of a broken childhood and misguided emotions cobbled together to impress his own pride, his own expectations of himself. And you had exploited it, relished in snapping his flimsy resolve in two, and left him physically broken on a planet doomed to fail from the start, his homage to a failed super-weapon that never failed to disappoint. This time, he has made no effort to hold up any sort of front with you. He is taller than you by what seems like miles, broader, stronger—and yet you, a scavenger, had bested him time and time again. And each time it hurt you to hurt him. But you stand, watching him, and run to him—run into his arms, kiss his cheeks, and he starts crying. This is it, you think—the culmination of years of heartache, of needless self-torment, of trying to fulfill a destiny he was forced into. You fold yourself into him and manage not to drown in the sea that is his cloak, and his arms are tight and he’s shaking and you can feel yourself start to cry, no, no— You can see everything he sees now, feel everything he feels, and he wants to step away from you because he assumes your tears are in hurt, in terror, but he needs something, someone who understands him and has been clear in their motives from the start and it’s you, it was always you, the little scavenger from Jakku who somehow fills the void in his heart, his psyche, with your unwavering light. “I’m not afraid, Ben,” you whisper, and his arms tighten around you in response as he nearly crushes you with the most heart-wrenching wail you’ve ever heard, the kind that can't be expressed with words. “It’s my fault,” he whispers, and you can see the scared child that was given away at such a young age to undergo training, the teenager who was tormented with a legacy he had to live up to, the man so spiritually frail he ran to you for comfort. “Ben,” you reply, trying to make yourself more soothing. He laughs when you try to stroke his hair away. Laughs, and then chokes on a sob. “Stop,” you hear him utter, and on the last syllable his voice cracks. “You’re—Rey, you're too fucking good for me. But not for Kylo Ren.” “He’s gone. You said he was." “He’s always going to be a part of me. And when he comes back, Rey—I don’t want him to hurt you. For me to let him hurt you. He doesn’t want to give into the light but—fuck, I do, I don’t know what to do. Rey, I hate myself, I hate everything about myself and what I’ve done and—fuck,” he rambles. “You’re everything good about Ben Solo, and everything Kylo Ren is trying to get rid of.” You don’t have any words for him, and instead you try to wipe away the fluid still pouring from the corners of his eyes, kiss his forehead in the way you’d imagine a parent would, and then you press your cheek against his chest and focus on his heartbeat. “That’s a good thing, though,” you murmur. “If I’m your light, then we can keep him at bay.” He presses his lips against your hair, burying his face in it. “I haven’t been Ben Solo in so long that I forget what it’s like to be appreciated, to be loved, to not be used as a tool. Why are you the only one who loves me, not the idea of me or of what I used to be?” “Because I had to learn to take care of myself, too. You were dropped off in a foreign place, and you had to learn to take care of yourself again. So did I." He's quiet for a moment, and then you hear him whisper, "I love you." A minute passes but he doesn't let you go, and in that moment you're thankful for all the bullshit you've had to go through--because you realize that you're just as broken as he is. But maybe you can fix him in the same way he's fixing you--by understanding. “I know," you breathe against him.