Rey looks up and squints, pushing her lips together, trying to see the way the clouds seem to glow when they try to obstruct the sun. There were hardly any clouds on Jakku-- it was always just the sun, its heat beating down on the ground, burning any thoughts of clouds away. It seemed like she couldn’t get enough of these other planets, covered in green, living things, instead of just sand, old metal, and the fight for food. A laugh comes from behind her, and she quickly spins around on her feet. “Rey, you’re gonna go blind from staring at the sun,” Poe chuckles. “Didn’t you get enough of the sun on Jakku?” “I did,” she replies, glancing at the sky. “But Jakku didn’t have clouds like this.” “Out of everything that’s different-- clouds?!” laughs Poe. “Come on, let’s go do something more interesting than just staring at the sky.” He slings his arm around her shoulders and starts to walk off, but Rey stands still, strong and unwavering, as if her feet are rooted in the ground, as if she is a tree. She glances up at the sky and then looks at Poe, her gaze tough but not unkind. “I think I’m going to stay here for now,” she says, a faint smile settling on her features. “Okay,” Poe relents, turning and walking away through the undergrowth. “Hey, Poe?” Rey calls out, remembering something. He turns around, his eyebrows raised in a silent question. “Say hi to Finn for me, will you?” “Of course!” he shouts back, smiling and waving before turning around and disappearing amidst the undergrowth, the sounds of his footsteps fading until it is only Rey and the occasional chirp of a bird hidden in the branches of a tree. Looking up, an idea takes flight in her mind and won’t settle down. Rey smiles, the idea settling in her conscious. It does take some effort-- she has to leave most of what she has in her bag behind so that it doesn’t bulge out and get caught on something. In the end, she has just her satchel and her lightsaber with her. She finds handholds, finds footholds, finds places that she can push her weight against, until the mechanic part of her reminds her that no, she shouldn’t climb much higher because the branches are becoming quite thin and it would be embarrassing to have to explain to Finn and Poe that yes, the scratches on her face and arms are because she, a Padawan, fell down a tree before she was able to wrap her arms around the trunk and stop herself. Rey looks up, and she knows that she shouldn’t do this, but she does anyway. Lifting a hand, she uses the Force to part the canopy of leaves so a ray of light comes through and she can see the sky, full of clouds. Settling down, Rey closes her eyes, and she doesn’t know how long she sits there, but when she opens her eyes, she can see the stars. And one of several moons that the planet has, orbiting through the night sky. The corners of her lips curve into a crescent, a smile. She will never have to watch the stars from Jakku again. There’s lots of things she will never have to do again. Gently plucking a few leaves from the tree she’s resting in, Rey slips them into her pocket, careful they won’t get bent, and begins her descent. She looks down the whole time, carefully testing all her footholds before lowering her whole weight onto them. If there’s anything she learned from scavenging, it’s to be careful. Rey jumps the remaining distance, about twice her height, to the ground. Scavenging also taught her to take risks. Notes: I hope you enjoyed this! Please let me know if you would like me to write more ♡ You can leave requests on my tumblr (www.foxinqq.tumblr.com) Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Star Wars Drabbles ♡ series