A whisper, softer than a sigh and quieter than the rustling breeze. A warm invitation that beckoned him with the sweetness of its sound. It was a voice and it was calling his name. "Ben..." Little Ben Solo scanned the tree line, straining his eyes to see deeper into the thick foliage, but he couldn't see where the call was coming from. He tugged on his mother's skirt to get her attention. "Mommy, did you hear that?" "Hear what?" Leia asked, turning away from her work. "There's someone in the forest!" He pointed towards the trees, gazing up at her with a curious look, but she could not see nor hear anything. "It's just the wind, sweetheart." she reassured the young boy. Ben frowned and turned back to the trees. The voice was still calling him from deep within the forest. - Later that night, long after his parents had fallen asleep, Ben tip-toed out of bed, cautiously making his way out of their dwelling. He cracked the door and slipped out, leaving it open just a hair, afraid that the sound of it closing might wake his parents. The night air was cool and filled with the sounds of insects and nightlife. It was a clear, cloudless night, and the field that stretched from the small cottage all the way to the trees was illuminated by brilliant moonlight. Ben darted across the field, hardly making a sound. He was anxious to meet the Voice that called to him even then, but skidded to a halt right at the edge of the forest. He hesitated. The Voice grew louder, more insistent. Despite the bright moon, hardly any light made it past the canopy to the forest floor. But Ben was not afraid of the dark, and he wasn't about to turn back now. Steeling his nerves, he stepped past the first tree. The Voice immediately fell silent. All the sounds of the peaceful night melted away and there was only silence in the forest. Ben grew apprehensive, wanting nothing more than to run back to his warm bed, but his feet carried him forward, deeper and deeper into the forest. The trees grew so closely together now that darkness enveloped them and the light grew dimmer by the minute. Ben had trouble finding his way among the roots and fallen branches. Time slipped away from him as he could no longer remember how far he had come, or really even which direction home was. He felt desperately lost amongst the tightly knit trees and deathly silence. Suddenly he heard a branch snap somewhere behind him. He spun around, heart pounding, but even squinting he could see no signs of movement. "Hello?" he yelled, terrified. "Who's there? Show yourself!" A silent moment passed before he heard the sound of leaves shifting, something coming towards him at an alarming rate. He let out a cry and scrambled backwards. "Get away from me! Don't come any closer!" He tried to turn and break into a full run but he tripped over a root and fell to the ground. "You don't want to hurt me! My mother is a general! My father is a hero!" He tried to stand but his foot was caught. Unable to move, he searched desperately for whatever was chasing him but still could not see anything. "My uncle is a jedi master! I- I am a jedi too!!" Trapped and left with no other options, little Ben threw his hands up, straining with an effort he did not quite understand yet, willing the force to keep the assailant at bay. Almost on command, he felt the wind rush past him and bend some branches back, their leaves rustling as they settled back into place. Ben was breathing hard from the exertion, his eyes shut tightly, afraid to open them. The forest was silent again, but then Ben felt a presence fall over him, a shadow cast over his small body. "My, my. Who would've thought the grandson of Anakin Skywalker would be so..." His blood ran cold as he opened his eyes and stared upwards. Startlingly blue eyes stared back, ochre lips stretched into a warm smile. "... snippy ."