Rey Rey was just a little girl from Jakku. Well, she wasn’t… But that was the only place she could ever remember being in, and to everyone else that knew her that’s where she came from. So that’s what she was – a girl from Jakku. And that was all she wanted to be, but it wasn’t. Every day she seemed to be someone different. “…A new Jedi…” “…Hope for the Resistance…” “…Strongest with the force we’ve seen…” “…Should never have gone through all that…” “…An inspiration to us all…” Rey couldn’t block it all out, and if she tried she wasn’t sure she’d ever hear anything again. Every time she walked into a room, someone would notice her and the conversation they were having would change completely. They’d ask their friends what they thought of her, how they thought she’d help the Resistance, but they never stopped to say hello. Of course they wouldn’t – no one ever did. And that, she had learnt, was just what happened when you were the only person in the galaxy training to become a Jedi. She should have loved it – the adoration, the attention, the fact that she was inspiring people to fight for what was right – but she hated every second of it. Her heart ached for someone to talk to her like she was just a normal person. Being on Jakku was different, because there was no one there to converse with. But here there were hundreds of people, and not one of them stopped to say anything to her. Why they put her on a pedestal, she didn’t understand. Everyone knew about Jakku, so why didn’t they treat her like she was some ordinary girl from another planet? Being a Jedi changed nothing, not for her. The only conversations she had were about her training with Master Skywalker and were about missions with General Organa. Poe Dameron was more often than not out on missions, and Finn was busy with his physiotherapy sessions to help him recover, and was starting training to become a pilot. She hardly saw the two friends she had, and that made things even worse. Every time she tried to make more friends, people seemed to turn shy and it made it impossible for her to reach out to anyone else. She wished everyone could have seen her after she and Finn had flown the Millennium Falcon, the way that the two had embraced and laughed with joy and relief like they hadn’t a care in the world. After missions, she had seen other members of the Resistance do that, but none with her. Jedi were expected to remain in control of their emotions, so showing such outbursts of happiness apparently meant that she wasn’t in control. She hated it. If she had known that being a Jedi was going to subject her to a loneliness far more painful than that on Jakku, she may never have left. And so when she could, when Rey was certainly that Luke was asleep and would not come to her if he sensed any distress from her, and when she was certain that she was alone, Rey would sit and imagine. She imagined that Poe and Finn were with her, that the three of them had gone to another planet and they were relaxing – eating a picnic, playing by a stream, laughing and having fun. It wasn’t something she had ever had the chance to do, and it was something she wanted to. She wanted to laugh, she wanted to have her friends talk to her until the sun went down and the stars came out and they all returned home, tired but filled with memories that they’d never forget. But that sort of behaviour wasn’t expected of her, everyone in the base was always watching her to see what she’d do. She couldn’t fail them, she couldn’t let them down. With a quiet sob, Rey let tears fall down her cheeks and let her shoulders shake through loud breaths. She had to remain quiet, unable to think of how she would be even more alienated if word got out that the great Padawan that everyone was expecting to save them had been caught crying in her quarters. She would never live it down, and it would never be forgotten by anyone else. The strength she appeared to have seemed to keep people fighting for their cause, and she had to keep showing them that strength. They would never know the crippling loneliness that had been bestowed upon her, she would never let them. She would guide the Resistance and she would help to destroy the First Order. Most people here had dreamed of that their whole lives, but she had been told that was what she would do, hardly knowing who the First Order even were. All she knew was everything was out of her control now, she did as she was told and she kept her head up high when others were around, only allowing herself infrequent moments in which she let her true colours show. She was just a little girl, lost on Jakku, with sand still caught in her hair even though she had been on D’Qar for months now. She was just a scavenger, nothing and no one important, just fighting to live another day. Fighting for no purpose other than survival and to be reunited with those she loved. And that was all she wanted to be. Chapter 2 : Finn As an ex-Stormtrooper, Finn was always being asked questions by everyone on the base. They asked him what it was like to be a Stormtrooper, what kind of training they were subject to, when he was taken from his home, and every other insensitive question that they could think of. As soon as he was out of his hospital bed, people stopped asking how he was. They forgot about his injury, they forgot that he had been raised in such an oppressive regime and that he didn’t understand the rules here. People just expected him to know everything and do everything right, and he felt so much shame when he couldn’t. When he started training to be a pilot, he struggled. He struggled so much and everyone talked about it, constantly. He heard it behind his back, when he was eating his dinner, and people would even come and ask if he was just pretending to make the other trainees feel better . But in truth, he just wasn’t very good at flying, he was better at fighting on the ground. The Resistance focused more on aerial battles though, so that wasn’t an option. He had to know how to fly. As he limped back to his quarters, his walking still struggling from his injury, Finn felt like the furthest thing from the hero everyone thought he was. He had never gone to Starkiller base to help blow it up like they all thought, he had done it to save Rey. He hadn’t fought Kylo Ren because he wanted to defeat him, he had done it to save Rey. He did everything to save Rey, because he would never kill for the First Order, and he wasn’t sure he’d ever be happy to kill for anything. He just wanted to keep his friends safe. He wasn’t sure he had it in him to be a killer, for anything, but he couldn’t exactly march up to the General and tell her that he wanted to work as a medic, she’d have none of it. He was supposed to be their best leader, able to tell them the ins and outs of everything, how the First Order worked and how they operated. He couldn’t do that as a doctor. That wouldn’t be good enough. Then he started thinking about his injury, how it still hurt a little when he walked, and if he slept at the wrong angle he’d be bedridden for a few days whilst it recovered. That didn’t feel very heroic. No one on the base talked about the injury anymore, but it was still affecting him. It was like they wanted it to stop – and he wanted it to stop too, but not so he could be a hero, so he could stop being in pain. He was a regular person too, he didn’t want to be in pain. He wanted to be able to sleep at night without having to take tablets, to be able to walk long distances without having to rely on a cane or someone helping him or having to take breaks. He wanted to go a week without picking up a prescription or going to a physiotherapy session. He wanted to eat what he wanted, rather than a strict diet of what would help him recover. He was tired of being the injured soldier. Finn thought about the people that were still part of the First Order, the children that had been torn from their homes and the lives that they could have lived out. Seeing other people and hearing their stories broke Finn’s heart, but he never let it show. Every time he heard a story of someone’s parents dying, he wanted to cry. He wanted to cry when they spoke about going to school, or going on holiday, or a birthday party. And he didn’t want to cry for them, the tears he wanted to shed were nothing more than the selfish want to have memories like that. He wanted to remember a time when his father had walked out on his mother, or when the family pet died, or when he broke his arm. He didn’t care how sad the memory was, he just knew that any memory of a life outside of the First Order was better than no memory. Even if he lived a life of loss and sorrow and pain, at least he had that. It was better than regimented breakfasts, regulated bathroom breaks, and shooting at targets from being able to hold a gun. He closed his eyes for a moment and tried to wash that memory away, but he couldn’t. It stayed with him until he got “home”. And he couldn’t really call it a home, because he had seen what Poe’s quarter’s looked like. That was a home. It had pictures of when he was smiling and laughing with his friends, with his family. It had books and pieces of paper and lists of things to do. There were clothes and toiletries and knickknacks he had picked up from other planets. Finn’s quarters were completely different. He had a medal, given to him for helping take out Starkiller base and for returning BB-8 to the Resistance. He had Poe’s jacket. That was it. Everyone seemed to think that being a hero meant that he had some glamorous life with all he could ever want, but really everything just felt empty. He wanted to see Rey again, but she had become so distant since she had started her training. He missed her laugh, her infectious smile, and he missed holding her hand until she told him to let go. She didn’t do that anymore. Poe was on missions almost all the time - the General using all the information she had gotten from him to send Poe off to different planets for recon. He missed Poe. Laying down on his bed, he found that even that felt cold. As he closed his eyes to rest, Finn couldn’t help but wish that he wasn’t a hero, but was just some ordinary guy that had joined the Resistance and had a lifetime of memories, happy and sad, different experiences to talk about and an understanding of a range of emotions rather than just a black and white view of the world, with right and wrong being all he knew beyond how to shoot a gun at anything that moved. As he began to fall asleep, Finn dreamed of the childhood that he had overheard someone telling him about the other day and imagined himself in their place. Laughing, smiling, and playing with other children in the green fields of a planet he hadn’t caught the name of. It sounded beautiful, and it was all he ever wanted. Chapter 3 : Poe Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe Dameron had been raised with the weight of being a hero on his shoulders. It wasn’t something that he had thrown upon him, it was something that was expected of him since the first time his mother told him about flying an X-Wing, and the first story his father had told him about being part of the rebellion. He was never really sure if he wanted it, but he wasn’t ever given much of a choice. Then again, looking at the galaxy around him, no one had a choice. The First Order, the Empire, the Sith – whatever they called themselves, they never gave the galaxy a choice - you were either with them or you were against them. If you were neither, you were a bystander, but they sure as hell didn’t give a damn about that. You may as well learn how to fight and try your best to be of some use. At least his life had a purpose, at least he was always being driven to improve for a reason. When his mother died, that only drove him more. He pushed himself harder. All of a sudden, Poe Dameron found himself with the title of The Best Pilot in the Resistance. He wouldn’t lie, it was a pretty good title to have. He’d worked his whole life at this, and now he was the best. But the word best handed him so much responsibility, more than he’d even realised. And at times it terrified him. People trusted him so blindly, that he would always be there to save them if they were in danger - that anyone in his squadron would come out of a mission alive. And God did he hate that. Because they didn’t, not always. Sometimes, people died. Sometimes a lot of people died. Poe couldn’t do anything about that. Still, he blamed himself. He should’ve been able to make them realise that their faith in him was misplaced, but he could never shake the title of The Best . No one ever listen to him, and that got them killed. They were killed because they believed he could save them and he couldn’t, he didn’t. Their deaths were on his conscience, and every night their faces’ would haunt him. He would see the hope in their eyes that he would keep them safe, hear the fear in their voices as they cried out for help. They drove him to the brink of insanity before he was finally lulled into the safe blanket of unconsciousness each and every time he tried to sleep. Before every mission, Poe would look at the men and women standing before him and he would wonder to himself how many he would lose this time, who he would fail to protect. With each person he lost, the bags under his eyes grew as it took longer to get to sleep, longer to mourn each missing ship and person from the fleet. People seemed to assume that by losing more, you would become accustomed to death. If that was the case, Poe was certainly the exception. After one of his most recent missions – a recon gone wrong, with more than half the fleet gone they had made a messy retreat and barely gotten back alive – Poe found himself close to breaking point. He was standing in the presence of General Organa, and they were discussing what had gone wrong with the mission. It was one of the worst debriefing’s he’d ever been in. Poe had always considered Leia as a mother figure to him, but not to an extent where he wished for her to see him so distraught. He was The Best Pilot in the Resistance . He had to stay strong, and that was what he did. It was only when he got to his own quarters that he allowed himself to break. His fists were clenched by his sides as he screamed and let out a furious cry. Even BB-8 was startled, beeping and rolling out of the room at speed. Poe swore under his breath, not sure if he had frightened his poor droid. He made a mental note to apologise when he returned, and to make sure that even BB-8 was absent next time he wanted to release all his pent up pain and anger. As he cried into his bedsheets, Poe heard footsteps from outside and knocking on his door. He didn’t answer, he refused. He was too far in to his grieving to pull himself together, even for a simple conversation with someone. Poe couldn’t find any strength within him for anything but mourning the loss that was his fault. All those people, dead, because of him. Children without fathers or mothers, husbands and wives that would never come home, brothers and sisters that would never embrace again. It was his fault. He heard the door opening, the rolling of a droid and two sets of footsteps approaching his bed. Feeling warm arms embracing him Poe began to mutter apologies out loud. He said sorry for everything he had done, everyone he had ever let down, and in return the arms hugged him tighter. A voice, not belonging to the same person as the arms, began to whisper to him sweetly. The voice was feminine and gentle, but firm in the way that it reassured him that he had done nothing wrong. The arms made sure he was comfortable but let him know they were never going to let go, not if he never wanted them to. Poe didn’t recall how long he sat there and cried, but at some point the mysterious people had morphed into the all too familiar Rey and Finn, and he had thanked them for being there with him. They said nothing, it wasn’t any trouble. The two of them knew what it was like, and neither of them wanted to be alone. Not anymore. As long as they could, the three sat in a close hold. Rey eventually fell to sleep, head resting on Poe’s lap. Poe found his fingers working their way through her hair. Finn kept his grip on Poe. He had missed his friends – missed them oh so much – and now he was just glad to be with them once more. Notes: Hey, I finished the thing! I've decided to make this format (aka a 3 chapter fic with drabbles for Rey, Poe, and Finn surrounding one theme) a series, so if you have any suggestions for themes then let me know! I've got a couple of ideas (cripplingly angsty ideas, that being said) that I'll put out soon, but I really wanna hear from you guys. Let me know what you want!! Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the The New Heroes series Next Work →