Prologue Finn and Rey had always known that they’d be awful parents if they ever became such things, they just never knew that they would have been quite as bad as they’d expected so quickly. They knew nothing about how to raise a child, so when their daughter was born neither of them wanted to leave her side. Ever. Rey had even tried to fight with the midwife when she was taken away to be weighed and checked over, the simple memories of being taken away from her parents haunting her exhausted body. She was terrified her daughter would never be returned to her, even if she had just been born. She was being held close to her mother’s chest only moments later, and Rey realised she should never have panicked. The little girl’s cries were the most beautiful sounds she had ever heard, and she was happy to listen to them for all eternity if it meant she was never taken away from her. Finn, on the other hand, was far more reluctant to pick her up and hold her. He was so afraid that his conditioning would be passed down to her, and he didn’t want his daughter to suffer what he did. He didn’t want the First Order to know he had a child and to make a beeline for her, to take her away and raise her to be a soldier like he was. He had been the best the First Order had, and Rey was a Jedi, what sort of regime would they be if they didn’t try to take that child. When Rey fell asleep, Finn let himself sit beside the bed and take his daughter’s tiny hand in his own, rubbing his fingers over it as she slept in her mother’s arms. When Rey awoke, Finn quickly removed himself and left them alone again. They both knew that their fear would control them, but they didn’t know it was going to be this bad. Rey didn’t put the little girl down for days. They named her Shara, after Poe’s mother, and she took the surname Organa. Neither Finn nor Rey had a surname, and Leia had already offered to help. It seemed only logical. Shara Organa was the most loved child on the base, by none more than her parents, but the two of them were so afraid of losing her. Rey couldn’t bear the thought of her being ripped from her arms by anyone, and it was days before even Finn could convince her to let him hold the girl. It took days for Poe to convince Finn that he could hold Shara without harming her, that holding her wouldn’t immediately alert the First Order. And as soon as she was in his arms, he didn’t want to let her go either. Rey and Finn very quickly worked out a routine of one of them always holding her. Finn would hold her as Rey went slept, and vice versa. It worked well enough until she needed feeding when Finn had her, and he had to wake Rey up and hand her over terrified that he’d done something wrong. Actually, this happened every single time that she cried when Finn held her. More often than not, Poe or Leia were called upon at ridiculous hours. Leia must have more or less moved in with the three of them during the first week of little Shara’s life. Every time she cried the pair were completely helpless, unknowing what to do. Emotions confused the two often enough, even when the person was able to talk and tell them what was wrong, but with a child that did nothing more than cry it was terrifying. Especially as they cared for the little girl so much. Every time Finn slept, he had nightmares. He dreamed of Shara being taken from them by the First Order, the way that Rey was taken back on Takodana. He feared that she would have to undergo the same life that he had, that she’d be forced into a world of hatred and submission. Most of all, he feared that she would never rebel like he did, that she would accept that as her life and that one day she would never remember him. Rey, similarly, had nightmares. She dreamed of Shara being left on Jakku, being taken from the pair and hidden away in the galaxy, left to scavenge to survive from a young age. She wanted nothing more than for the little girl to be able to run and play in relative safety, to never have to question where her next meal would come from or to have to ration her water to make sure she wouldn’t die in the hot sands. She never wanted her to feel the same loneliness and fear that she had. When Shara turned a month old, Leia offered to babysit for a night. The two were exhausted with fear and she tried her best to persuade them to take a rest and allow themselves to just be together. After much convincing on her part, and the promise to return the child before the couple went to sleep, they agreed. Leia was just as in love with the child as her parents were, caring for her as diligently as she promised she would. It made her feel like Han was by her side and Ben was in her arms all over again, she felt like she had a family again. She placed the child in the same crib that she had once placed her son in and left the room, locking the door behind her in the hopes that it would do something to protect Shara if it was ever needed. As it turned out, locks don’t stop Kylo Ren. Leia Organa couldn’t stop him either. Neither could General Organa, or Princess Leia, or mother. Whatever title she tried to convince herself she had, the moment she felt Kylo Ren strike her down with a screaming Shara in his arms, she knew that she never had the power to stop her son from falling to the dark side, nor did she truly have the power to protect what mattered most to Rey and Finn. The couple ran into the room minutes after Kylo had left, seeing Leia dead before them and their daughter nowhere to be found. And all of a sudden, all of their nightmares came true at once. Chapter 2 : Chapter 1 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Word travelled quickly on the Resistance base, but no word could travel more quickly than that of the death of General Leia Organa. It had broken everyone’s hearts and the base was left feeling empty, the life that it breathed was gone. The flame of hope that she had kept burning had been extinguished and all of a sudden everyone seemed to feel like a victory was impossible. Without Leia to lead them, what could they do? What would they do? Poe had been put in charge temporarily, since he lead most of their aerial attacks people knew they could trust him and knew he was a strategist. They also knew that, despite being a powerful Jedi, Rey was in no shape to lead. While she may have completed her training with Luke, she had lost her daughter and that had hurt her even more than losing Leia – the closest thing to having a mother she could remember. The news of Shara’s kidnapping had also been spread around the base, but people spoke of that much less openly for fear that Poe, Finn, or Rey would hear them. Finn and Rey were heartbroken, and even Poe found himself mourning for the loss of the little girl, desperate to get her back. Not only for the sake of the Resistance, but for the sake of his friends. He had never seen them so unhappy. He would never forget the look of defeat he had seen on Rey’s face when Finn had fetched him to the General’s room. He still remembered everything like a picture, frozen in time. Rey was on her knees by Leia’s body, her eyes wide with fear and hopelessness, apologies rolling off her tongue in soft mumbles. Some to Leia, some to her daughter. It was clear that she took full responsibility for everything that happened, and Poe understood why. She was a Jedi, and she knew she should have felt his presence long before everything had happened. Poe tried to contact Luke Skywalker, to ask him to return to the Resistance and help them. He couldn’t lead forever, not on his own, and they needed his help. He never appeared, and they understood that. He had lost his sister, why would he want to return to a place that was nothing but a memory and legacy of her? Rey never spoke. She never slept, and she hardly ever ate anything. Finn could do nothing but worry about her and watch his heartbreak further and she slipped further and further away from who she was and deeper and deeper into the search for her daughter, for their daughter. He often lay awake at night to listen to Rey’s crying, though she refused to let him comfort her. He would watch her meditate to try and locate Shara, and he would bring her food and water from the canteen in the hope that she would have something, that she’d remember to take care of herself too. Finn loved her, he needed her to help him through everything and he felt like he was losing her. # # # The First Order was used to having its fair share of infants on board, but none quite as young as Shara. Some of the children were enamoured with her, and whenever a Stormtrooper wasn’t looking they’d try to make her laugh. Sometimes, they succeeded, tickling her toes until her lips curled into a smile and a small giggle left her mouth. More often than not, however, she was left alone to cry. The First Order didn’t much care about raising a child more than raising a weapon. But Shara was something different, for now she was the closest thing that First Order had to something special . She was the daughter of Rey and Finn, the Jedi and the Traitor, and they knew that there was a chance of her being Force sensitive. Of course, she was far too young to display any traits yet, but as soon as there was the slightest hint of it she would be thrust upon Kylo Ren to be trained. She would never know the home her parents had wished for her to have, and she would never know her parents. Kylo had already done what he needed to with the girl when he had taken her from the Resistance base. No matter how hard Rey tried, she would never be able to sense her daughter. As far as any Jedi in the galaxy was considered, Shara Organa was long dead. No one could deny how much Shara looked like her parents. She had her father’s eyes and her mother’s nose. Her hair grew in little tufts on her head and her skin was as dark as her father’s. When she was on the Resistance base, everyone was always telling Rey and Finn how beautiful she was, how she’d grow up to be an amazing hero. Here, no one said anything about her. She was fed three times a day, the same times every day, and she was changed mornings and evenings. That was her life, and it would be her life as long as she was a child on the First Order base. And while her cries may have been perceived as the usual cries a child makes when they cannot communicate with the world just yet, they might just have been cries for the mother that she knew wished to save her. The mother that she longed for so dearly, to be held against her chest and told that she was beautiful and that she was loved over and over again. # # # “Finn?” Poe asked, sitting himself beside his friend in the canteen. The man looked up from the food he had barely touched, seeing Poe’s eyes of pity looking down at him. “How’re you coping?” He finally asked, and it took Finn by surprise. People didn’t really ask about him, they all worried about Rey. With good reason, of course. He wasn’t a Jedi, he was hardly important to the Resistance. For a moment, Finn considered lying. He thought about pretending everything was okay and trying to push Poe into helping Rey, but he needed help too and if he felt better then maybe he could help Rey. “I still don’t understand.” His voice croaked weakly, having barely been used the past week. “She’s a child, she’s harmless. She’s the most important thing in my life. I should’ve been there for her, it’s just as much my fault as it is Rey’s. She keeps blaming herself because she didn’t sense Kylo until it was too late, but I’m Shara’s father, it’s meant to be my job to protect her from everything.” Poe shook his head softly, a firm hand coming up to Finn’s shoulder. “It wasn’t anyone’s fault. You and Rey were so tired, there’s no way that either of you could have done anything. You’d have been killed like Leia was, at least if you’re still alive you can help bring Shara back to us. We can save her.” He reassured his friend. “Until we get her back, I’m putting her safety at the top of the Resistance’s priorities. We will defeat the First Order when your daughter is safely back in your arms.” Poe’s voice sounded so confident to Finn, and his words sounded like they were being sung by angels. He could never have imagined what hope felt like, not to this extent. He had always felt hopeful of things, of leaving the First Order, defeating them, of becoming a father with Rey, but this was different. If Finn was going to be truly honest to himself, he didn’t care if Shara was ever back in his arms, because he would lay down his life if it meant she could be held by Rey just once more. Rey needed to see her again, even if it was just to say a painful, heart breaking goodbye. And Finn would do everything in his power to get the little girl back. He would die a thousand death’s if it meant Shara and Rey had one more day together. “Thank you.” He said after a painfully long silence. The desperation Poe saw in his friend’s eyes felt like a gunshot to the heart. Finn was hurting so much, and there was so little he could do to help. They just needed to get his daughter back. The Resistance needed Shara back. It was then that Rey came into the canteen, and everyone turned to look at her. No one had seen her leave her room since the incident. Everyone saw for the first time how much she had changed, and the sorrow in everyone’s eyes was enough to bring Finn to tears. Rey’s eyes were dark and sunken back, her skin holding just that little bit tighter to her bones and her small frame even smaller. Her cheeks glistened in the fluorescent lights, tears having freshly fallen. Her arms were wrapped tightly around her waist and she felt herself shrink away as she slowly walked towards Poe and Finn. She looked nothing like the Jedi she was meant to be, she didn’t feel like a Jedi, she just felt like a mother who had failed to do the one job she was tasked with doing and it broke her heart. Watching the broken woman slip into a seat beside Finn silently was like watching the little girl who grew up on Jakku again. He hated seeing her like this, and his arms instantly moved to hold her close. She pushed him away without missing a beat, content in being wrapped up in herself. “I can’t find her anywhere.” Her voice says. It came out as less than a whisper, cracking and raspy. Finn couldn’t remember the last time he saw her drink anything, so he pushed his glass of water to her, eyes pleading with her to drink something. She didn’t. “I can’t sense her, all I can think of is that Kylo killed her.” She said quietly, her features completely neutral. Any emotion she had was long gone, and she had simply resided into the acceptance of loss and was being to understand the nothingness she felt that came with it. “It’s my fault, I failed her and I failed Leia and the Resistance. I’m so sorry Poe.” The two men looked on at her in amazement and worry, how she could accept the whole blame for this, and how she was dealing with it. Finn honestly didn’t know if she was going to take after Luke and run away into deep space, never to be found again. He hoped she wouldn’t, he needed her. Again, Finn went to try and offer some comfort but she was having none of it. She looked so defeated and he hated it so much. “We will find her.” He promised. “Rey, we’ll bring Shara home.” Without another word, Rey stood up and walked out of the canteen the way she came in, leaving Poe watching Finn sympathetically as he went back to prodding his food. It was going to be a long time until he had his friends back again. Notes: Yep, I'm continuing this. Sorry, not sorry. So if there's anything you guys want to see in the story let me know and I'll try my best to include it! Chapter 3 : Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The next time Finn saw Rey, it was the middle of the night and she was sat outside on a grassy hill. The bitter air was nipping at Rey’s skin, bringing goose bumps to the surface, but she didn’t shiver. Not once. Her energy was being focused on searching through the galaxy for any sign of her daughter. She may have given up hope, but that hadn’t stopped her search. Rey was just as desperate as she was before, if not more. Finn knew she was concentrating hard, because she didn’t react when he sat beside her. He studied her closely, seeing the way her lips were almost tied together and how her eyelids fluttered ever so slightly as her eyes moved rapidly behind the thin layer of skin. He watched her nose twitching as she breathed and studied every bead of sweat on her forehead. While he hated seeing her like this, he was glad that she had allowed him to stay so near for such a long period of time. He didn’t take his eyes off her, even when her own eyes opened. Rey’s eyelids flew up with surprising force and she stared into the sky, narrowing her eyes as if it would magically bring the stars closer so they were easier to see (but then again, she was a Jedi, maybe that did happen to her). Finn still looked at her, watching the determination on her face. Her hands were outstretched and she grabbed fistfuls of grass, pulling it from the ground as she stood up and let out a furious scream. Finn was instantly by her side, his hands on her arms as he whispered sweet nothings in her ears to try and get her to calm down. It was met with a one word answer. “Move.” She said, teeth bared and fists clenching again. When Finn didn’t leave, she jerked her head around to make eye contact. Finn could see the sadness behind her frustration, and slowly let go of her arms. “Get out of here… I don’t want to hurt you.” Rey told him, the second sentence spoken much more softly than the first. And while Finn obeyed her request it gave him hope that Rey might come back to him soon. His Rey. # # # Finn saw her again the next morning. He was sat with Poe at breakfast, making a small dent into his meal (but still eating more than usual), when she walked in. Rey sat herself beside Finn and clasped her hands together on the table, Finn’s eyes travelling to the bandages on her left hand. They weren’t there the previous evening. “I felt something.” She said, and for a moment Finn forgot about the injuries and looked at her. Poe’s eyes, too, were unmoving from Rey. They both had her complete attention. It had been a little over a month since their daughter had disappeared, and any little bit of hope they could cling to was worth it. “I don’t know what it was, but… But it was there. It could have been anything, but I want it to be her.” Her . Finn’s stomach twisted. He couldn’t remember the last time anyone had spoken their daughter’s name, it had become something that no one talked out. As he thought, he watched Poe and Rey speak. She gave him the name of the star system she had sensed whatever the hell it was she felt coming from, and he immediately left. With the two alone, Finn moved to take Rey’s injured hand in his, staring down at the bandages and thinking. After several moments Finn realised she wasn’t pulling her hand away from him, and decided to speak. “What happened?” He asked. For a long few moments, Rey said nothing. “Accident with my lightsabre.” She told him, and Finn furrowed his brows. She was one of the most skilled Jedi he’d ever seen (granted, she was also one of the two Jedi he’d ever seen and the other had tried to kill him – there wasn’t much competition), he doubted she’d have an accident. “When did you change?” He asked again. Her Jedi robes were gone, replaced with what she had been wearing when they first met on Jakku. He liked it. The Rey he had met on Jakku was determined and optimistic, she wanted to survive, she wanted to adventure, but she wanted her family to find her. He hoped that this was a sign of things getting better. Even if they didn’t find… her … at least he got Rey back. She shrugged, not answering his question. But Finn didn’t care, because she was still holding his hand. He knew not to push it, not to expect anything more than this, but it was still something and it made his heart leap. After almost a month of mourning and grieving, Rey was returning to them. # # # Poe spent weeks on recon missions. He wanted to personally ensure the presence of any First Order troops before he sent anyone else in, and he wanted to know if Shara was on the planet. If she was, then Finn and Rey were to be nowhere near the mission, and the mission was going to be completed by very few and elite soldiers in the Resistance. It had to be carried out carefully to ensure the child’s safety, and if Finn and Rey were there he would only worry that their desperation to bring her home would cause chaos. Poe didn’t know how to tell them there was nothing there. # # # The next time Poe saw Rey, he could have sworn half a year had passed. He wasn’t sure if it had, but it certainly felt like it. And when he saw her, wearing clothes that fit her loosely and seeing her pale skin even paler than usual, Poe could almost confirm that it had been. She didn’t look like Rey anymore. For the short few weeks when they had hope, he could have sworn she was getting better. Now it seemed the opposite was true. She didn’t even hold herself in the same way as she walked, shoulders sluggish and arms swinging haphazardly by her side, her lightsabre traded for a spear and her Jedi robes long gone. Poe considered following her, but he didn’t. She barely even let Finn near her, so he doubted he would be wanted. He was, after all, the one that told her there was no sign of Shara. It was only when he saw the Millennium Falcon leaving that he wished he’d gone after her. Finn had choice words for him when discovering that Rey had left, and Poe didn’t blame him. Despite being the General, Poe always regarded himself as a friend to Finn first (and to most other people on the base, he never felt like he could replace Leia, and never expected the same level of respect as they gave her), and he let Finn take out his anger and hurt. Poe just wished that Rey could have spared his friend a goodbye instead of running away. From what little experience he had with Jedi, however, it seemed to be a theme. He honestly wasn’t that surprised. Rey returned for Jakku, for a short while, before it was made very clear that her return was unwanted and unless she was going to be giving in the Falcon, that she may as well leave. She collected the doll from her old home, and added another scratch to the wall. Taking a deep breath, she stared at the walls that counted her days in the world she had seen as her prison. She had been trapped here for almost all of her life, waiting for a family that would never return. She gave it all up for a family that she could never have. However hard Rey fought, it seemed that the universe yearned for her to be alone. Perhaps it was time for her to grant the universe’s wish. She slept in her old bed that night, holding the doll close to her and shedding silent tears. Coming back felt like she was accepting what was happening, that she was giving up her family again. She just hoped that Finn would forgive her, that he would one day find Shara and show her the love and care she knew he could. She prayed that the two would find each other, that they’d be happy together again. That night, she dreamt of the mother she never had. Her mother sat by her as she cradled Shara, Finn watching over the two. The life she dreamt of for years, and the life she knew she could never go back to. Rey had never felt quite so lonely. Notes: I'm so sorry, I can't stop making it more angsty I don't know what's wrong with me but apparently I just like subjecting my favourite characters to constant pain. Hope you're enjoying witnessing the three heroes slowly losing everything they love!! Chapter 4 : Chapter 3 Shara was just over 2 when her force training started. She could walk and she could talk, and that was all Snoke and Kylo sought from her. Allowing any further growth before her training started would make her more vulnerable to the light within her, while she was young they could still curb any freedom of expression she had. It started by removing the use of her name. She was told to respond to girl , and to only address Kylo as Master , and Snoke and Supreme . She was only permitted the use of three words. Master, Supreme, and yes. Anything else muttered from her (unless being directly ordered) was punishable. Talking to anyone else was punishable. Shara was punished an awful lot before her 3 rd birthday. More often than not she went to bed cold, hungry, and afraid. She was young but somehow she knew this wasn’t right. She knew that the aches in her overworked limbs shouldn’t be there, that the gnawing hunger in her stomach shouldn’t be there. She knew she was missing something. She was a child, and whilst she may not have been consciously aware of what it was that she was missing in the back of her mind she knew exactly what it was – her parents. She couldn’t remember Rey or Finn, understandably so. She had known them for only a month but the bond they had formed was strong. It was all that kept the young girl strong at night. One night, she didn’t know when it was, Shara scratched a small mark in the corner of the wall. She found herself doing it night after night, counting the days she was there. Maybe if she counted long enough the parents she wished for would somehow find her and take her away from the hell she was in. # # # With the threat of the Falcon being taken from her, Rey had left Jakku. She hadn’t returned to the Resistance, instead staying as far away as she could. She did all she knew how to do and what she did best, she went back to being alone. Rey travelled the galaxy and traded whatever she found for spare parts and for food. Every night she reached out on the off chance that she would find her daughter, but it had been years now. She had little faith that her daughter was still out there and still alive. The only comfort she had when she shut her eyes at night was that she could still feel Finn, at least he was still going strong. Rey hoped that Finn had been stronger than her, that he had managed to keep fighting and hadn’t run away like she had. She wanted to go back, sometimes, because she missed him dearly. Holding the doll that she had as a child didn’t comfort her anymore, it only lead to feelings of regret and guilt. She wished she could return but she wasn’t brave enough to face up to what she had done wrong. She didn’t look back, she couldn’t – she’d just keep on marching forward. Except when the past had a chain tied to your leg, it’s kind of hard to do that. # # # Finn was so tired, but he kept fighting. He never gave up. He always believed that Rey would come back, that they would find Shara and they could be happy again. Even after the two had been gone for years he never gave up. He trained all day every day, no excuses, no breaks. There were two days a year that he stopped. Shara’s birthday and the anniversary of the day Rey left. He hoped to God that one of these years the milestone would arrive and his girls would be returned to him. It never happened. However much it pained him to fall asleep at night without Rey in his arms or having sung Shara a lullaby until she was calm, he still did. Somehow. And he dreamt of them and how wonderful their life could have been. He dreamt of how much he had missed in their lives. Shara would be 3 now. He hadn’t heard her first word. He hadn’t seen her first steps. He hadn’t read her stories or played hide-and-seek. He hadn’t learnt how to do her hair up for her or how to make her dresses. Everything he wanted to do for his daughter he never had and it broke his heart. Poe found him crying in his sleep that night and had stayed with him, listening to every word that his friend had to say. It had been so long that the Resistance had had to stop looking for a little while. The First Order had been getting ready to attack and Finn had understood what that meant. But seeing the heartbreak in his eyes was enough for Poe to start up the search again. They’d find her, he’d promised both of his friends that they would and he wasn’t about to let them down. # # # Shara was three and a half when she spent almost a week without food. She had requested something that, to the First Order, was almost high treason. “I want my mum!” She had announced loudly after a particularly tiring training session. Kylo had never thought of himself as angrier than he had needed to be, and he had spent most of his life fighting the light within him. But the second she declared that she wanted her mother, a woman that Kylo had done his upmost of assuring she never knew, his hand had connected with the little girl’s face and she had practically fallen to the floor instantly, screaming and crying for her mother. It continued in the room she had been placed in until she grew cold and tired, and her voice became weak. Shara had never been more afraid in her life. It was a lesson that was soon forgotten, but after three more similar incidents (and a small lightsaber burn from Snoke), Shara stopped talking. # # # Rey had felt worse recently. In some ways, it filled her with hope. It wasn’t her pain that she could feel, they weren’t her cries. What she felt was the smallest little plea out into the galaxy from someone who needed saving. Rey didn’t want to get her hopes up, but part of her couldn’t help but believe it was Shara. For all she knew, it wasn’t, but out there somewhere was a force sensitive child that needed helping. Shara fit all those categories. And while it pained her, the thought that her daughter may be in dire need of help, at least her daughter was still out there. She had to try, right? She might have been running away, but if her daughter needed her then what was she to do but try to return. Instilled with a new kind of strength and determination Rey turned to the console on the Falcon. It was always a lot harder to fly without a co-pilot, but she’d gotten used to it. Taking a deep breath, Rey gripped the lever in front of her tightly and took a deep breath, pulled it towards her and let the ship jump into Hyperspace. She closed her eyes tightly and breathed out, bringing her legs up to her chest and blinking away tears. 3 and a half years… It couldn’t be her. Could it? Notes: I'm not sure if I'm going to leave this as a one shot, or if I'm going to turn it into a full on story for Finn, Rey, and Poe to find Shara. I don't know, it's 1 in the morning and this was supposed to be a cute story but apparently I don't have it in me to write fluff and also I apparently love plot twists. Like I didn't even know this was going to happen until I wrote Leia locking the door. Anyway, let me know if you want me to continue this story, and let me know if you want me to write something else!