Meeting the Band You watched earnestly from the crowd as the band finished up their performance, closing out the night with their most popular song. You were jostled around forcefully in the mess of people, struggling to keep your balance. You used to enjoy this kind of thing when you were younger, but now at the age of 25 you felt like it was a little immature and would much prefer to watch a show from the seats. That was beside the point though. The display of musicianship on that stage all but horrified you. This band was so... reckless. So... tacky. Nonetheless, they were your new assignment. The record label had appointed you as their manager, feeling that you would be a good fit because your sweet, yet authoritatively calculating demeanor could possibly talk some sense into that hopeless lead singer/guitarist of theirs, Kylo Ren. However, after bearing witness to this riot they dared to call a concert, you were less than convinced. “Thanks for nothing, my little troopers,” Kylo sneered on stage, holding a self-entitled smirk that rubbed you the wrong way. The crowd cheered; for some reason, they loved this guy's asshole act, if it even was an act. Maybe he really was just that way. He gave them an effortless half salute before kicking the microphone stand over with his thick black boot and exiting the stage. The rest of his band followed similarly, the drummer tossing his sticks into the crowd, and the bassist dropping her instrument haphazardly with a clunky, metallic ring. Everything about this band was sort of skeevy, but they were your band now. They were your responsibility to take care of. Kylo Ren was your responsibility to fix. --- After nudging through the crowd and making it backstage, you gingerly knocked on the band’s dressing room door. You heard a muffled voice say “come in”, so you opened the door cautiously, hands a bit sweaty from nervousness. “Um, hello,” You started off quietly. “I’m your new manager, I think-” You were rudely cut off by Kylo Ren, who said, “Yeah, we know. Snoke told us about you. Look, I know he wants you to help us, or whatever bullshit he told you, but we’re fine without a manager. We have been for awhile, so you can just go.” Suddenly, you hardened up, entirely offended by this little prick’s tone of voice with you. “Listen here, you ass. This is my job, and no matter how much you wish I wasn’t here, you’re stuck with me. I’m not going to quit like your last manager, or last 5 managers, or however many you’ve been through.” You huffed angrily, clenching your fist at your side and continued. “Just to lay some ground rules, you are never allowed to speak to me that way again. I am your boss now, and you will address me as such, otherwise I’ll call up Snoke right now and tell him to drop you off the label, understood?” A stunned silence settled over the room, and while Kylo looked indignant and highly annoyed, the other two members of the band seemed impressed. “Now,” You reverted back to your gentle self. “Why don’t you all introduce yourselves to me?” “Hi, I’m Phasma,” The girl started with a small wave. “I, uh, play bass.” She ended her short introduction with a shrug. “And I’m Hux,” The drummer replied with a nod. “I play drums, and I also sort of have full control over social media and stuff like that. Phasma calls me the General because I lead our army of fans.” He gave a little laugh before his face returned to relative emotionlessness. Meanwhile, Kylo had turned away from you, staring pointedly at the wall with his arms crossed, clearly trying his best to pretend you weren’t there. Phasma cleared her throat awkwardly, trying to catch his attention. When he didn’t budge, she decided to introduce him. “Anyway, I’m sure you know that he’s Kylo Ren,” She said, giving you an almost apologetic look. “He’s our lead singer and guitarist, and he’s also kind of a dick, honestly.” You admired her bluntness. Kylo seemed unphased. “Well then,” You gave each member an exasperated look. “I’m sure it’s going to be a lot of fun working together, and I hope I can be a great asset to your band! I’m sure we’re going to do great things together, and just be aware; I am in it for the long run.” You were lying through your teeth about all of that, except the last part. You were in it for the long run, whether you liked it or not. Chapter 2 : Knowing Your Enemy Summary: Your first real night as band manager goes relatively smoothly, so you try to find out more about Kylo from his band mates. Notes: I'm just trying to build up backstories right now and I'm still working out some different ideas in my head. This chapter isn't terribly exciting, but we're moving along! I also apologize for the slow update! I lost my internet connection for a few days, and am just now able to post this! The next night, the band put on another show that seemed to go over well with the crowd. You were mercifully offered a spot on the side of the stage to watch the show, saving you from another hour and a half of being trampled by raving fans. When you weren’t in the crowd, you could almost enjoy their music. Almost. After their final song, the band headed off the stage and you tried to wave them over for a quick chat. Kylo just stomped past you carelessly, as you expected, but the other two came over. “Okay, so I talked to you guys a little bit this morning about the meet and greet I set up for you tonight,” You reminded the pair. “You guys have 15 minutes to change, get ready, do whatever, but meet me outside your dressing room no later than that. And for the love of the Maker, please get Kylo to come.” “We’re on it,” Phasma gave you a playful salute before heading backstage with Hux. You sighed, hoping as hard as you could that this wasn’t going to be a disaster. One of the record label’s requests was getting Kylo to connect with his fans more, and this was your first attempt at that, and really, you didn’t have any other ideas at the moment. Fifteen minutes later, you met the band outside their dressing room. Thankfully, Kylo had decided to show his sour face, which was almost a relief. He was holding a beer and staring at you with narrow, dark eyes. “Kylo, you can’t bring that out there,” You said, nodding towards his drink. “Why not,” The way he said those words sounded more like a statement than a question. “It’s unprofessional,” Your face expressed your current annoyance at having to state the obvious. “Fine,” He shoved the half empty bottle in your hands. “You drink it then. Maybe it’ll help you lighten up.” He lead the rest of the band down the hallway, his heavy black boots thudding all the way. You glared at the back of his body, using all your restraint to not just chuck the bottle at his self entitled ass, which you definitely weren’t just looking at... Were you? You whispered ‘ew’ to yourself as you snapped out of it, and threw the bottle in the nearby trash can before walking a few paces behind the trio. --- Luckily, the event went off without anything horrible happening. Hux and Phasma seemed to enjoy meeting people infinitely more than Kylo did, but he didn’t complain once, surprisingly. You couldn’t remember seeing him smile the whole time though, but the fans still seemed to enjoy it nonetheless. Afterwards, you offered to take the three out to dinner, to which Hux and Phasma agreed. “I’m just going back to the van,” Kylo said, walking away without any other explanation. “Oookay, then,” You shook your head and rolled your eyes. “He seems like a real party animal.” You walked the two musicians a few blocks down the street to a diner you loved. Once you were seated, you couldn’t help but ask them, “Why do you two stay in a band with Kylo even though he’s like this?” The pair exchanged nervous glances with each other, as if you were stepping into territory you shouldn’t be. “Well, I’ve known Kylo since he was a kid,” Hux started slowly, searching for his words. “My dad used to work for the same company as his grandfather, so our families kind of know each other.” “And I went to school with him,” Phasma shrugged. “He’s a good friend, even though he’s cruel, and rude, and whiny... I mean, he has his moments.” She smiled, despite all of the negative aspects of his personality that she’d just listed off. “Yeah, he wasn’t always this bad either,” Hux continued. “He sort of got like this after his da-“ “Hux, stop it,” Phasma interrupted, wide eyed. “Kylo said that we’re never allowed to talk about that. You shouldn’t even think about that stuff.” She looked nervous, as if Kylo would somehow know that Hux was talking about him. “Yeah, you’re right. Sorry,” Hux shut up, staring at you blankly. Phasma continued to glare at Hux sporadically for the entirety of your meal. On the walk back to the venue, you talked to the two about lighter subjects, like any new music they were working on, and their favorite bands. You learned a few silly secrets about Kylo as well, like how he listens to Avril Lavigne when he writes new music, and how underneath all of that black clothing, his socks are always mismatched. You had come to the conclusion that he tried way too hard to be tough on the outside, when his insides were just as soft and vulnerable as everyone else’s. Despite the laughs you shared with Hux and Phasma, the biggest secret of all was still tugging at the back of your mind. What was Hux about to reveal back at the diner? When you got back to the van, you opened the sliding door and tossed a styrofoam box full of to-go food onto Kylo’s stomach, which was ever so slightly exposed as he was laying in the backseat with his arms behind his head. “I brought you food,” You stated simply before you started walking back into the venue to take care of some business aspects of the show tonight. Kylo only made a grunting noise in response. It sounded sort of appreciative though, so you accepted it as progress. Chapter 3 : Making a Monster Summary: You're left alone with Kylo for the first time, and things get weird. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) A few days had passed since the band’s last show, and you found yourself hanging out in their apartment. It was a modestly nice place, good size, relatively well furnished. It surprised you that this band of three misfits could put together a seemingly livable home. Hux was out working his day job, some kind of administration thing he mumbled about when you asked, and Phasma had just run out of the apartment after remembering that it was Wednesday and she had to go teach a class. As she was gathering up her things, she apologized for the abruptness of her departure and briefly explained that on Wednesday afternoons, she taught a self defense class to kids after school. Slowly but surely, you were learning more and more about these three that intrigued you. Except Kylo. Who you were now alone in the apartment with. However, you hadn’t seen him in an hour, so you might as well have been alone completely. Rather than sitting on the couch for the next couple hours, reading e-mails from the record label and surfing the internet on your phone, you decided to explore the place a little. They probably wouldn’t mind, you thought. You wandered through the kitchen briefly, noting that someone probably should be washing dishes soon, and made your way down the hallway. There were four doors, two were closed, one was clearly Phasma’s bedroom, and the other, at the end of the hall, was a little office they had converted into a practice space. It was pretty cramped; the drum set was there, along with multiple guitars, some microphones, and amplifiers. You maneuvered through the mess, looking at the different mementos they were keeping. You found a couple of old homemade cd’s that were probably their first attempts at albums, a recent picture of the three of them with a well-known local band, and a lot of scribbled on notebook pages, filled with lyrics and music. Up on the wall was a picture that looked somewhat older than the others you had found. There were four people in this one: Kylo, Hux, Phasma, and a young man you didn’t recognize. He was a handsome dark skinned boy in a tan leather jacket. He and Phasma were playfully shooting toy laser guns toward the camera while Kylo and Hux stood toward the back looking somewhat more serious. You cracked a smile just looking at the photo; everyone seemed a lot happier then than they are now. Even Kylo looked like he was about to smile. “What are you doing in here?” His voice came from behind you, and you turned to see him leaning on the door frame casually. His tall figure was intimidating, even more so now that you were alone with him. “Who is this?” You asked, ignoring his question. Suddenly he was right behind you, staring at the picture over your shoulder. Being so close to him felt weird. Suddenly the room felt even smaller, and you fidgeted nervously. “It’s no one,” He said, his voice dripping with venom. He reached over you and yanked the photo off the wall, tearing it out from under the pin that held it there. “You keep avoiding my questions,” You said sternly, turning to face him and realizing there were just a few inches separating the two of you. “It’s like I’m not allowed to get to know you.” “You’re right,” Kylo said with a blank expression. “You’re not allowed to know me.” “But why?” You asked again, your harshness giving way to an almost pleading expression. “Because my band doesn’t need your help,” He said, leaning in impossibly closer. “We don’t need another manager who is going to fail at their job because they don’t understand our dynamic. We know what we’re doing without you. I didn’t ask for you to come here.” You furrowed your brows in frustration. “And you think I asked to come here?” You raised your voice slightly. “I would have picked any other band other than yours if I had a choice in the matter. I didn’t want to work with you either. You’re a complete asshole! And if you know what you’re doing on your own, they why are you guys still stuck in this town playing local clubs every weekend instead of selling out venues in big cities every night? If you know what you’re doing, Kylo Ren, then why do you treat your band mates like servants instead of the friends that they are?” Without warning, his fist connected with the wall, inches from your face. You flinched instinctively, eyeing the dent he had made in the drywall. Inside his clenched hand, you could see the crumpled up photo he had torn off the wall just minutes ago. His other hand traced lightly down your neck until it tightened menacingly, not enough to hurt, but just enough to be utterly terrifying. His face was so close that your noses were touching. “Get out,” He growled, his dark eyes flaring as he released your neck and backed off. “If you ever pull this shit again,” You gasped, eyes watery from fear. “I will call the record label and tell President Snoke that you assaulted me so he can drop your band and get the legal department involved. And then I will call the cops and press charges against you, you sick fuck.” You slammed the door to the room as you left, and you could hear the muffled sounds of him knocking stuff over as you picked up your things and walked out the front door. You sat down in the hallway next to the apartment door, pulling your knees up to your chest in an effort to comfort yourself, and waited for Hux or Phasma to come home. You sighed, thinking about everything that had just happened. It bothered you that he seemed to hate you for no reason, but what bothered you more is that you didn’t hate him back. What bothered you the absolute most, though, is that you kind of liked him being so close to you like he was in that room. You kind of liked him being forceful like that. Up until now, he had just treated you with mild disinterest, but this was new. You had tipped him over the edge of annoyance straight into rage you loved it, even though you wished you didn’t. “Why is this happening?” You asked yourself, putting your face in your hands and sighing. Notes: Ahh, I never know how much to write. I could just keep writing and make the chapters insanely long, but then no one would want to read them, but I always feel like I haven't written enough once I'm done. Expect me to be playing around with chapter length in the coming days! Thanks for reading, everyone! ^3^ Chapter 4 : The Past and Present Summary: Phasma lets you in on more of the band's history, and you just end up more confused. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was a couple of hours before Phasma returned. In the meantime, a few other tenants in the building meandered by, in and out of their apartments, and shot you odd glances as they passed. You couldn’t blame them, honestly. A young woman sitting in the hallway with tears in her eyes, and heavy banging and shouting coming from inside the apartment was certainly an event to take some interest in. For quite a long time, you could hear Kylo in there, shouting swears and obscenities about you and life in general. He was being pretty over dramatic, you had decided. You weren’t sure how long Kylo’s tantrum lasted, but when the hallway became eerily quiet, you felt a mixture of both relief and worry. The silence was equally as scary as the yelling. You were tempted to open the door and go back in, but you held yourself back. Eventually, Phasma sauntered down the hallway with her bag at her side. When she spotted you, she gave you a confused look, wordlessly asking why you were sitting out in the hall. “I’m out here because Kylo had a little pity party in there and started throwing shit and yelling,” You explained. “It was kind of, um… unexpected? And I came outside because I didn’t know how dangerous he is when he gets like that.” You left out a lot of the details of what actually happened, including the important part where Kylo pinned you up against a wall. You decided that it wasn’t something that Phasma or Hux needed to know, though, and you knew that Kylo wouldn’t say anything about it either. He’s much too private to reveal a little detail like that. Plasma rolled her eyes and groaned. “Great, I guess I’ll probably be stuck cleaning up the apartment. Again.” She opened the door and you followed her sheepishly inside. “What set him off this time?” She asked, eyeing you with a hint of suspicion. “Well, I just asked him who some guy was in a picture hanging on the wall in your practice room…” You said, once again omitting the things you didn’t want Phasma to know. She threw her bag on the couch, casually avoiding the currently overturned coffee table. The tall girl pinched the bridge of her nose in frustration, but still ended up with a smirk on her face. “I’ve told him to get over that already. It was month’s ago,” Phasma muttered. “Anyway, I’m sure you asked about Finn. Cute kid in a leather jacket?” “Uh, yeah actually,” You replied, curious. “Yeah, he was our fourth band member back in the day,” She explained, and you listened eagerly, excited to learn a little more about their history. “He was a really good friend of mine. I taught him pretty much everything he knew about music, and he joined as our guitarist. Then, he met this suave pretty-boy. He’s some kind of pilot, or something, and he fell head over heels for the guy.” You listened, wide-eyed. “So he left the band kind of ubruptly to go travel with that guy. He just told us he was quitting, right before we went on a pretty important local tour,” She shrugged. “That’s about it, honestly. I told Kylo he overreacted about the whole situation. Finn didn’t do anything to hurt us really; he was only doing what was best for him at the time. We’re doing okay without him.” “That’s… it?” You asked, expecting there to be some kind of twist where Finn became a backstabbing sellout who moved on to a bigger band or something of that sort. “Why did Kylo get so upset when I asked him about it then?!” Phasma shrugged again with a laugh. “I don’t know, my friend. Kylo overreacts to a lot of things. He’s got a bad temper and he’s a little bit crazy. Crazy and angry don’t mix well.” “Nonetheless,” She continued with a hushed voice. “Finn and I are still good friends. I don’t tell Kylo that we still talk though because I’m sure if he found out, I’d be the next one out of the band. Now, can you help me pick up the coffee table?” After cleaning up the living room as much as the two of you could, Phasma ushered you down the hallway. She stopped outside of one of the closed doors and started banging on it roughly. “Kylo!” She shouted, still banging on the door. “Get out here and apologize to this girl right now! You scared her half to death by throwing your stupid little fit.” “I will not apologize until she apologizes to me,” You heard Kylo’s muffled voice come from somewhere inside the room. “What does she have to apologize for? You’re the one who was a dick and lost it over nothing again.” “She said some very rude things to me.” Phasma gave you a side eyed glance. You stiffened nervously, worried that Kylo would actually tell her what really happened. “Look, he probably deserved whatever you said to him, but just say you’re sorry or this is never going to end,” She shook her head. “I’m sorry, Kylo,” You apologized bitterly, trying as much as you could to make it sound sincere. “No you’re not,” Kylo’s voice was startlingly close to the door now. He was probably standing just on the other side of the threshold. “But I suppose Phasma will force me to apologize as well, so I’m sorry.” His apology sounded even less sincere than yours. It’s like he didn’t even try. “Well, there we go. It’s over with,” Phasma said dismissively. “And Kylo, Hux is coming home soon and he’s bringing food so we better see your ass in the kitchen for dinner. I’m not letting you eat in your room again, especially while we have company.” With that, she headed back toward the main living area to finish cleaning things up. You lingered outside Kylo’s door for a few seconds, feeling like you should say something else to him. You could feel his presence right on the other side of the door. “Why are you still standing there?” Kylo asked, his voice surprisingly gentle. You heard a tiny thud as if he had just leaned his back on the door. “I… I don’t know,” You replied, truly not having an answer. “I’ll just go.” You started to leave, but you heard Kylo quickly say, “Don’t.” You stopped. “Just sit here for a bit with me, will you?” He continued. Confused, you didn’t say anything. You heard another muted thump as Kylo slid down the door into a sitting position. You decided to heed his request and placed yourself in a sitting position as well, your back against the outside of his door. You half expected him to do something mean like open the door so you would fall inside, but he didn’t. The two of you sat there in silence for a few minutes, your backs separated by just a thin chunk of wood. You weren’t sure what was going on, but you didn’t want to leave until Kylo said something. Anything. “Thank you,” He said, his voice small and vulnerable. It was so unlike the Kylo you knew. “…Yeah,” You furrowed your brows slightly before you got up and walked away. Notes: Hope you all enjoyed! ^-^ Chapter 5 : The Man Behind the Mask Summary: Kylo has a moment of weakness, but it doesn't last. Notes: Things are starting to get exciting! Thanks for reading! c: That night, you returned to your own apartment after sharing a takeout meal with the trio. There had been an awkward tension between Kylo and you at the table, but you weren’t sure what it meant. It would pass, you guessed. He’d return to his same snobby, crass self by morning. Thoughts about the current situation danced around your mind as you answered company e-mails and started looking for the band’s next gig. Despite how much fun you had hanging out with the three, or at least Phasma and Hux, you were still their manager and had work to do. You wondered if they’d ever done a professional photoshoot, which could be a fun starting point to building up their reputation more. You scrolled through their social media pages, looking for any hints of a photoshoot, but most of their photos seemed amateurish. You lingered on one specific photo for a few moments too long. It was a candid shot of Kylo playing the guitar in front of a window. His long hair dipped down around his face in such an elegant way and he looked so peaceful, so handsome. To break you from your fascination, your phone began to vibrate on the table next to you. You glanced at the clock on your laptop quickly; 1:27 AM. Who is calling you at this time? Reaching over from your cross-legged position on the couch, you grasped your phone hastily. You looked at the screen and it read “Crylo Ren”, which was the name you had given Kylo in your phone since he was such a whiny little child. “Do you have any idea how unprofessional it is to call me at this hour?” You answered the phone without any greeting. “Whatever,” Kylo scoffed on the other end, clearly trying to keep his voice quiet. Phasma and Hux were probably sleeping. “Look, can we talk?” “Sure, start talking,” You replied. “No, I mean… in person,” He said, his cocky demeanor giving way slightly to anxiousness. “Kylo, I am trying to hold on to any shreds of professionalism that our relationship still holds, so meeting up with you for a late night rendezvous is honestly the last thing on my mind,” You rolled your eyes. In truth, it sounded quite enticing, but you couldn’t let emotions dictate what was supposed to be a business partnership. “You make it sound like I’m trying to romance you,” Kylo replied, clearly annoyed. “I just want to explain some things about what happened earlier. And if you want an explanation, you better agree now because I can guarantee you this is the only time I’ll ever be weak enough to tell you.” You groaned exaggeratedly into the phone before saying, “Fiiine. Meet me at the park on 6th Street. That’s the halfway point between our apartments. Alright?” “Sure,” Kylo hung up abruptly without any parting words, which you supposed was retaliation for how you answered the phone. The more you got to know Kylo, the less it felt like he disliked you, and the more it felt like he was just playing some childish game with you. --- You walked across the lawn of the park, noticing Kylo was already sitting on the bench. “How did you get here so fast?” You asked idly before gingerly sitting down next to him, as far to the opposite end of the bench as you could be without being obvious. “You drive too slow,” Was his reply, though it hardly answered your question. “So what do you want to talk about?” You asked, eyeing him with a mixture of curiosity and dread. He started to hesitate, his expression changing from his usual hard features, to a soft appearance. He was clearly struggling to find the words. “If I came all the way out here for you to just wimp out on me anyway…” You trailed off, grinning in his direction, trying to egg him on. “I just… Uh, okay, so you set me off earlier,” He began awkwardly. It was almost cute. Okay, it was really cute. “Because you hit a weak spot for me.” “And that weak spot is…?” You raised an eyebrow. “I know Phasma told you about who Finn is, and you asked about him, so it bothered me because…” He stopped again and glanced at you, looking uncertain. Your surprisingly gentle expression seemed to soothe him. “I have issues with people leaving, okay? There. Everyone always leaves.” You cocked your head, confused. “Ohhh, now I know what Hux was trying to tell me the other night.” You said absentmindedly. “Hux told you?!” Kylo’s eyes flared with anger and his demeanor changed completely. “No! No, he didn’t!” You said, frantic to correct your mistake. “I mean, he almost did, but he stopped himself. But I can figure it out now. Your dad left, didn’t he?” Kylo winced at the words, giving you all the answer you needed. You scooted closer to him, and wrapped him in a tentative, sideways hug. He didn’t react to your touch, and you decided no reaction was better than a negative reaction and continued. “Thank you for telling me,” You said, with not a single hint of the disdain or sarcasm that was usually present when speaking to Kylo. “You have Hux and Phasma and they’re not leaving. They care about you. And I know you don’t want me, but you have me too. You’re kinda stuck with me, so I’m not leaving either.” You started to pull away from the hug when Kylo grabbed your wrist forcefully. For a moment, a pang of fear shot through you, expecting a repeat of earlier, but instead you found yourself being pulled into Kylo, his dark gaze locked on yours. His eyes were a mixture of fear and confidence, a confusing combination that left you on edge. “What are you doing?” You asked quietly without enough time for an answer before his lips were on yours, rough and commanding. Your eyes opened wider in shock, but you didn’t pull away as his hands wrapped around your back, holding you in an inescapable grasp. Your eyes began to flutter shut, losing yourself to the kiss, but the logical part of your head was screaming “no, no, no.” This was wrong. You wanted this, but you couldn’t. It was a huge conflict of interest to be involved like this with Kylo… But it felt so good. His kiss was angry and electric, everything you imagined it would be. Your heart raced from panic and excitement. He pulled away and the look in his eyes was dangerous. His arms left you as he stood up from the bench, but you could only sit there, dazed, with your mouth slightly open and your expression lost. One moment, Kylo was a frail, injured soul, and the next, he was a dangerous predator. You just didn’t get it, but you liked it. So, so much. “Don’t tell anyone about any of this,” He said simply before walking away and leaving you on the bench, disheveled and feverish. Chapter 6 Notes: Sorry for not updating in a while! Life got in the way! Also sorry for the shortness this time around. ^^; You hadn’t gotten much sleep. The apprehension stemming from that night’s events prevented it. Why had he kissed you? What were his motives? Kylo Ren confused you to no ends. You couldn’t understand him, and that bothered you. You could understand most people. You could understand Hux, Phasma, and heck, you could even understand the weird corporate executives that worked at the record company. Kylo, on the other hand, had so many walls up that it was like a maze. You weren't sure where the real Kylo was, or if there even was a 'real' Kylo. Maybe he had become lost in his own maze of walls as well. When morning rolled around, it was back to work whether you liked it or not (which you didn’t.) You spent the early hours on the phone, speaking with a photographer about a potential photoshoot, which was what you were in the beginning stages of doing last night before… Your mind kept drifting back to that bench, and it was hard to stay focused on what the girl on the phone was telling you. “…so anyway, I’m free for a shoot tomorrow from 1pm-4pm!” Was all you really caught of her little speech. “Yeah, that sounds perfect,” You said, disoriented. “Thank you so much!” "Of course! I'm excited to work with your band; they sound super interesting!" She said cheerfully. Her bubbly demeanor was too much for you this early in the morning. "Uh, yeah they certainly are..." You trailed off, almost feeling bad that this girl had no idea what she was getting into. "Okay, see you tomorrow!" Her perky demeanor didn't seem to falter despite your vaguely forbidding response. Next, you spent the next hour or so looking for leads for shows. You found a few, but the music scene in this town wasn’t very promising. You knew that you’d have to go bigger to really satisfy the record company, but getting there was going to be a tough road. You were in the midst of scribbling down notes when your phone started buzzing beside you. Before looking at the screen, you prayed it wasn’t Kylo. It wasn’t, but the person who was calling was just as bad. “President Snoke,” You answered professionally. “To what do I owe this call?” “I just wanted to check in and see how things were going with your band,” He replied, his gruff voice sounding ominous and patronizing. You knew he set you up with this job, expecting you to fail, but you refused to play into his expectations. “It’s going very well actually,” You lied blatantly. “I just set up a promotional photoshoot tomorrow, and I-“ He cut you off with, “Don’t kid yourself. I assigned you to Kylo and the Knights of Ren because I knew it was going to be hard. I wanted to test you.” “But why?” You asked, exasperatedly. “I was doing just fine with my other band, so I don’t-“ “You were becoming complacent,” He said simply with a little chuckle. “I like to shake things up. I want to see how much drive you really have. So tell me again how it’s going?” You sighed, “Okay, it’s not going the best. Kylo is very tough to work with.” “That’s what I thought,” He said, seemingly appeased with your answer. You were grateful that he didn’t sound disappointed, at least. "Also, the music scene in this town isn't very promising, so I have to talk to the band about potentially looking outward or even relocating, but I know that Kylo is going to shoot me down immediately. Plus, Hux and Phasma have other jobs, so I can't just ask them to leave..." You fretted. "Sounds like a tough situation," Snoke replied, offering no consolation or advice. "I'll check back in a couple of weeks and I'll expect to hear about some progress. I'm sure you'll figure it out." “Okay, thank you, President…” You sighed again as he hung up the phone. You let out a tiny groan, wondering why someone let him become president of the whole damn company. He just used his position to intimidate people. What did he even do up there all day in his office? Probably just sit around playing games on his phone or something stupid. You found yourself muttering your annoyances aloud as you continued your work. Not long after, your phone buzzed again and you picked it up, still frustrated, and answered, “What?” “Woah, someone’s a little grumpy this morning,” Hux replied patiently. “Oh, sorry, just… bad morning. And bad night,” You squeaked out. “It’s okay. I was just calling to see if you were coming over again today,” He continued. “It’s my day off so I’ll actually cook real food instead of bringing take out, if you’re interested.” “You cook?” You asked curiously. “Oh yeah, I’m really good at it too, not to brag or anything, I mean…” He sounded excited, and you realized it was the first time you’d ever really heard him get excited about anything. He was usually so… unmoved. “Yeah, I’ll come over,” You shrugged. “I have some business stuff to talk to you guys about anyway, though I’m sure none of you want to hear it.” “I do,” Hux said, his voice becoming passive again. “I care about the well-being of this band, believe it or not.” You let out a chuckle, “I’m starting to think you might be the only one. I’ll be over in a couple hours.” With a parting phrase, the two of you hung up and you set to gathering all the things you needed. You shoved your notes, laptop, and a few other things in your backpack and headed to the shower. You had been working all this time while still in your pajamas, which was a huge plus for working at home. Way better than having to dress all fancy for the office jobs. As you were getting ready, you found yourself putting a little more effort in than usual and you cringed when you realized that it was because of the prospect of seeing Kylo again. “Get out of my head, Kylo Ren,” You growled, staring your reflection in the eyes. You didn’t know what kind of games he was playing, but you would be ready for them today. At least, you hoped. Chapter 7 : Like Puzzle Pieces Summary: Everything is a distraction from work, and you start to learn more about Phasma and Hux. Notes: Sorry for slow updates again! I've got some stuff I'm dealing with in real life right now that's keeping me away unfortunately. Also, I was gonna start the smut in this chapter, but it ended up not happening. I kind of just let the story write itself, in a way, and the smut didn't want to write itself into this chapter, but it's coming. Eventually. lol Within the next hour or so, you found yourself sitting once again on the couch in the trio’s modest apartment. Hux was currently seated at the small table in the kitchen, furiously scribbling notes on a small pad of paper. You assumed he was writing down ingredients for whatever he was making for dinner tonight because there was a cook book open next to him, but you didn’t bother to ask because you knew his answer would probably just be short and unsociable as always. You felt like Hux had a good heart deep in there somewhere, as was apparent on your phone call earlier, but his thick exterior was even more callous than Kylo’s, in a way. The two were quite similar, and you were starting to see why they remained friends after all this time. You were still trying to figure out exactly how Phasma fit into the mix because she seemed so out of place in the band. She had a witty sense of humor and seemed more outwardly friendly than the two men, but perhaps that’s why she fit in so well. The difference between them brought balance. And then you arrived, throwing off whatever vibe the band had together. You were the unwanted Tetris piece that didn’t fit in with the others. Your quiet train of thought was interrupted by Hux speaking for the first time in over 15 minutes. “I’m going to run out to the grocery store for some things,” He said, grabbing his coat off the back of the couch near you. “I’ll be back within half an hour.” “And Phasma won’t be back until later?” You asked, unable to hide your uneasiness at being left alone at their apartment again. “Correct, so would you like to join me?” Hux’s formal manner of speaking still caught you off guard, and you found it oddly charming. His current expression showed a slight hint of wariness, and you guessed he was at least somewhat aware of what occurred the last time you and Kylo were left alone in the apartment. Phasma and Hux seemed close, so you doubted the girl would keep a secret from him. “I… think I’ll be alright here,” You sounded completely unsure of that, but shrugged as if it was nothing. “Besides, I have to talk to Kylo about some things.” “If you say so,” Hux replied, glancing your way once more as if to ask “are you sure” before heading out the door. You waved him off with a smile, and he shut the door with a quiet click. And so you were alone with Kylo once more. Although, you may as well have been alone completely because you hadn’t seen Kylo at all since you arrived. Part of you doubted he was even here at all. Not soon after the front door closed, however, his bedroom door opened and his dark, lanky self made his way into the hallway. The coincidence of his appearance and Hux’s departure made you think he was purposefully waiting for the latter to leave. Your eyes took in his figure as he approached the living area. You steeled your emotions, ready for whatever bullshit he wanted to throw your way today. He was clearly trying to get to you now because he was shirtless and his hair was tousled in a sleepy way that suggested he had still been in bed until now. You eyed his pale, yet toned physique with unwanted interest and involuntarily, your eyes traveled down his stomach to the waistband of his jeans, hanging dangerously low on his sharp hips. You groaned audibly in mock disgust, trying to hard to mask the growing attraction you were feeling toward the boy. “Could you not come out here looking like a vagabond while I’m over, please?” You rolled your eyes, before pulling out your notebook and laptop to try to talk business with the singer. “Funny, I almost thought I saw you staring in approval,” He rolled his eyes right back at you, his voice flat and sarcastic. “If you don’t like it, you can leave.” You heard the fridge open from somewhere behind you, but you refused to turn around and be captivated by his form again. “Look, I have some business to discuss with you, and I’d appreciate if you’d put a shirt on before we do that,” You said, staring pointedly at your laptop screen. Kylo hopped over the back of the couch, bouncing into the seat next to you with a beer in hand. He glared at you, saying nothing, which you assumed meant he wouldn’t be putting a shirt on. You cleared your throat nervously. “Well… Anyway, I set up a…” Kylo cracked open the beer can with a hiss in the middle of your sentence. “I set up a phot… photoshoot for, uh, for…” You began to stammer as Kylo leaned in closer to you to look at your laptop screen, which you were still gawking at in an attempt to avoid looking at him. “Am I making you nervous?” He asked, grinning sinisterly. “Look, I know what you’re doing and it’s not going to work,” You said sternly, finally daring to look at him, but not letting your eyes wander from his own. “You’re trying to seduce me or whatever so that you have grounds to get me fired for unprofessionalism, but it’s not happening.” He snickered, sounding more formidable than ever. “You’ve got my intentions all wrong,” He smirked, taking a swig of his beer before standing up and walking back toward his room. “Wait,” You called out, setting your laptop down and standing up to follow him. Your body seemed to move without you wanting it to. “Then why are you doing this? One second you don’t talk to me at all, the next you’re intimidating me with threats, the next your kissing me on a bench, and then you’re some sarcastic bad-boy… I just don’t understand what you’re trying to get from me.” Kyle’s eyes flared with enjoyment and he shrugged. You watched the muscles in his chest move beneath his skin. “You’re fun to mess with.” He moved in close, pressing his body to yours and gripped the back of your neck with his free hand, and you allowed him to press his lips to yours for the second time and you tasted the mild flavor of alcohol on Kylo’s lips. This time was different though, as you pulled away from his grasp before the kiss got too deep and you said confidently, “I won’t let you get inside my head this time.” Kylo narrowed his eyes at you before heading back into his room. “We’ll see about that.” As soon as Kylo had retreated back behind his door, Phasma walked in, carrying a cardboard tray of coffees and a bag of pastries. Bitterly, you wondered how Kylo was able to appear and disappear in perfect synchronization with his roommates. “Why are you standing in the middle of the room like that?” Phasma asked, staring at you wide eyed and worried. “Did Kylo throw a fit again?” She set down the drinks and sweets on the kitchen counter before walking over to you tentatively. “No, sorry,” You replied, turning to her. “I was… just stretching my legs.” She seemed satisfied with that answer, so she asked, "How's work coming? Hux mentioned you had some business to talk to us about?" "Oh, yeah," You replied, having already forgot about business. "I booked a photoshoot for you guys tomorrow; it seems like it's gonna be pretty fun." You sat back down and pulled up the photographer's website on your laptop. Phasma sat down next to you and peered over at the images on your screen. "Oooh that's exciting!" She said with a smile. "Yeah, I tried to talk to Kylo about business already, but I don't think he really want to talk," You said gingerly before biting your lip tentatively. "Trying to work with him just stresses me out." "Ugh, tell me about it," Phasma said, rolling her eyes and getting up from the couch and heading back into the kitchen. "Well I brought you a coffee and there's doughnuts and cookies, if you're interested! I thought you could use a pick-me-up because Hux told me you seemed on edge when he talked to you on the phone earlier." "That's so nice of you. Hux tells you a lot of things, doesn't he?" You asked, trailing her into the kitchen and picking up one of the paper coffee cups. "Yeah, I guess so. I think he talks to me more than anyone else. He's kind of a quiet guy." Phasma shrugged. "Are you guys, like... together?" You asked curiously, earning a hearty laugh from Phasma. "Oh, you're funny," She grinned. "We're just good friends. He's like a brother to me, really. I'm not into guys and, besides, Hux isn't into anyone, actually." You blushed furiously, embarrassed at having misinterpreted things so wildly. "Sorry, if I offended you or crossed a line or-" "Don't apologize," Phasma waved you off with another smile. "We get that all the time, honestly. It doesn't bother us. Doughnut?" She offered you a mini doughnut with one hand while stuffing one into her mouth with the other. You accepted the treat, grateful for a moment's reprieve of conversation. "So you wanna play some video games until Hux gets home? I figured we could help him make dinner, it's kind of like a bonding thing," She shrugged. "Business can wait until we're all in one place, right?" "Yeah, business can wait," You smiled following her back to the couch. Chapter 8 : Progress Summary: Kylo always wins. Notes: New chapter! Hope you guys enjoy. As always thanks for reading. c: After a few rounds of a shooter game Phasma proclaimed as her “favorite game ever”, Hux finally returned with a few grocery bags. You excitedly welcomed the distraction from the game, which Phasma was unabashedly destroying you at. You told her it wasn’t quite fair that you had never played before, and she was basically a master, but she seemed to ignore your qualms. “At least you’re not as bad as Kylo is,” Phasma smiled, patting you on the shoulder as she turned off the system. “Now let’s go help Hux in the kitchen!” “I’m getting two assistants today?” He asked, cocking an eyebrow as he pulled items from his grocery bags. “Well, I run a tight ship in the kitchen, so be prepared.” You saw a hint of a grin on his lips as you gave him a mock salute. “I’m ready, General.” The three of you set to work, with Hux handling all of the actual cooking duties, and you and Phasma sharing the prep work. Hux was making some kind of fancy French chicken dish that you couldn’t even pronounce, but it sounded delicious. If the smell radiating from the kitchen was anything to go off of, you were sure it would be. As you were busy fighting back the tears of cutting an onion, you heard the tell-tale sound of Kylo’s door opening down the hall again. Through your blurry vision, you could see him head toward the kitchen, and he, thankfully, had a shirt on this time. Tentatively, with a softer voice than normal, he asked, “Do you guys need any help?” Phasma looked as if she was going to faint before she said, “Kylo Ren is offering his assistance? Hux, what’s happening?!” She glanced at her friend with exaggerated nervousness. “Fine, I guess I’m not needed then,” Kylo huffed, almost as if he was offended by Phasma’s comedic reaction. “No, stay,” Hux said, not looking away from the chicken cooking in the pan. He had been closely monitoring the meat’s progress for a few minutes now. “You can set the table, at least.” Kylo didn’t protest, and quietly opened up a cabinet and drew out four plates. Phasma and Hux shared a quick glance at each other, and they were both clearly confused at the boy’s sudden change of heart. You continued chopping your onion without a word. Once the four of you were seated at the tiny circular table with steaming plates of food in front of each of you, you decided to bring up the topic of actual work. You figured now would be as good of a time as ever, and you had no idea when the next time you all would be together in the same room would be. Hux and Phasma always seemed to have opposing schedules, and Kylo apparently deemed it a chore to ever show his face around anyone. “So, now that we’re all here, I’ve been meaning to talk about some band stuff with you guys,” You said, forgoing the food until you had gotten your word out. “You guys have a photoshoot scheduled for tomorrow from 1-4pm.” You paused to check everyone’s reactions; Hux was stoic as always, Phasma had a tiny smile as she looked at you with anticipation, and Kylo was staring off at the wall with his chin resting on one of his palms. You were starting to expect this from the trio. “Aaaand…” You continued slowly, drawing out your transition as you found the right words. “I know that President Snoke has very high expectations of this band as well as myself. That’s why I want to propose something very important. I think… you guys need to branch out…?” You furrowed your eyebrows, questioning your word choice and making your statement sound more like a question. “Well, what I mean is, we have to start looking outside this city,” You said, slightly more confidently. “You guys play local shows hear like, what? Twice, maybe three times a month? If you want this band to be a real thing we need to think bigger. Like tours and events.” Kylo clearly wasn’t interested in what you had to say, and he seemed ready to spout some sarcastic, disapproving comment, until Hux butted in saying, “I agree.” Both you and Kylo had looks of surprise and questioned him in unison. “Wait, what?” “Being in a band is like running a business, and businesses need to expand to be successful.” Hux nodded. “I think we should take into account that our opportunities here are limited.” “Well, that was easy,” You sighed in relief, finally willing to take a bite of your meal. “I thought you would be the first to disagree, since you have a steady, real job here. You’re like the most rooted person in the band, Hux.” “I know, but I care about the band more than my day job, and if you think we could do it… then I trust you,” He said, earning a deadly glare from Kylo. Knowing that Hux saw you as trustworthy meant a great deal because he seemed like he had such a hard shell to crack. “I… uh, okay then!” You said, smiling. “Phasma, are you in?” “Yeah, of course,” She said, shrugging. “I’m in if Hux is! And Kylo’s in if we both are, whether he says he is or not.” She narrowed her eyes at him as if daring him to deny her statement. “Good, well, I have some friends in bands that I’ve managed previously that I can get in contact with and see if they have any leads on things we could get into, and I bet if…” You rambled on for a few minutes, letting your excitement get the best of you. After dinner, you thanked Hux for the delicious meal and helped him and Phasma clean up a bit while Kylo continued to sit at the table alone throwing a silent tantrum and refusing to speak to any of you. You started to gather your things to head back to your own apartment, and then said good night to the three friends. You headed into the elevator, pressing the button to take you down to the first floor, when Kylo stepped in, stopping the doors from closing. You sighed. “What do you want now, Kylo?” You asked, frowning. “I don’t think we’re ready for the kind of things you’re expecting of us,” He said, settling into the metal room as it slowly started descending. “You mean you’re not ready for it,” You said, looking for your keys in your purse. “Hux and Phasma seemed more than happy.” “That’s not what I mean, I can handle an-“ You cut him off, “What’s holding you back, Kylo Ren? I know you care about your band, and you even care about Phasma and Hux deep down in that hollow little heart of yours. You have to consider what they want, not just what you want.” Kylo’s demeanor faltered for a few moments, but he retorted with, “I don’t just care about myself!” The elevator dinged as it reached the first floor of the apartment building. You headed toward the door, but Kylo slammed his fist into the “close door” button, shutting the gap again. He inched closer to you, backing you up into the wall, and you could feel the handrail prodding you in the lower back. He lowered his head to touch his forehead against yours, staring unwaveringly into your eyes. You refused to back down this time and returned his cold stare, not willing to let him win. But he did win as he brushed his lips against yours again and you forgot that you almost hated him. You melted into his snake-like grip anyway, and you dared to reach your arms around his shoulders this time, wrapping them around his neck as your kiss deepened and his tongue prodded it’s way between your lips. He tasted bitter, in a way, still with that faint flavor of alcohol on his tongue and you wondered just how much he actually drinks before your thoughts were wiped away again by him gripping your hips hard enough to bruise. Finally, he pulled away, and pushed the “door open” button and roughly nudged you out of the elevator. “Don’t tell me you’re gonna say something stupid like, ‘I don’t just care about myself, I care about you,’” You said in a mocking tone with an eye roll, trying your best to ignore the fact that Kylo’s tongue was just in your mouth and you were slightly aroused. “Nope,” He replied simply, and you could see him smirk as the elevator doors closed between you.