"No, keep it. It suits you." Poe's sparkling eyes crinkle; full cheekbones come up to meet them. And just as if Finn thought this man couldn't be any more stunning, Poe's perfectly white teeth shoot down to capture his full, ruby red bottom lip in what seems like a death grip. It takes all Finn has to not reach out to kiss him. But when Poe's eyes flicker up and down the his body, Finn can't control himself. He lunges himself forward and plants the most passionate, sloppy, and desperate kiss the galaxy has ever seen on Poe's lips. Yet, Finn doesn't feel anything from the recipient and opens his eyes prematurely. He backs away embarrassed. His confidence plummets and humiliation festers in the pit of his stomach. People that walk by stare at Finn as if he has committed a crime. But just as he is about to walk away he hears a voice. "Buddy" Poe whispers. His expression is unreadable. "I-" Finn tries to create a joke to lighten the mood, but nothing comes out but a huff that felt as if he's been punched in the gut. "Hey, it's all right" Poe reassures an almost tearful Finn. "I'm sorry" Finn attempts to say with conviction, yet it only sounds like a plea for Poe to kiss him back. And that's exactly what the pilot does. Poe takes a few steps forward and pulls Finn's face to his own. Their lips meet in a flurry of warm, intoxicating breaths and hands that nearly bear craters into the sides of each other's faces. "Poe!" Finn gasps incredibly loud when Poe's left hand sneaks around to the middle of Finn's back and yanks him even closer. It is so hot and wet that Finn can hardly breathe. Only a few more times their lips met to where Finn nearly screams out his name. "Poe!" A desperate scream tears through the silence of the tiny room. "Poe" it repeats. Eyes shoot open into the complete darkness where the only things that could be inside are physical manifestations of hot, needy, breathes. Finn feels wet all of a sudden. Fingers cautiously graze over his boxers to find where the wetness is coming from only to find a large spot of sticky fluid. "Shit" Finn curses with his whole body, ashamed of what just happened. That's number five. Poe has quickly become his best friend, his pal, his buddy over the last two months. But all Finn could think of doing is kissing him. Finn doesn't even know how to kiss. Staring at couples as they walk by is not the best way to gain experience. The worst fact of all is that Poe may not feel the same way. Finn falls back to sleep, or at least will try to sleep for next two hours. He has to meet Poe at 0600 hours to work on the X-wing. It'll be their first time alone together. Shit. "Hey, good morning my friend." Poe smiles that thousand-watt smile. "Morning" Finn tries to seem cordial but not too interested. "How did you sleep?" Poe looks right into Finn's eyes and he might die. Finn looks away so fast he didn't even read an expression. "Like a baby" the liar says. Poe chuckles. Even his chuckles are charming. The two buddies work on the X-wing through high noon. Sunrays are shining down making the sweat on Poe's bareback glisten. One drop of sweat is trickling down the center of his back and disappears below a waistband. Finn's mouth gapes open so wide a TIE fighter might fly through it. "Please" someone says. It's Poe. "Huh? What, oh, sorry Poe" Finn apologizes and reaches for the wrench Poe's pointing to, a long finger that extends from a hand with veins all over and worn from years of working on fighter jets. "It's alright buddy." He winks. He fucking winks. What is happening right now? Finn gets so distracted that he doesn't see or hear Poe until he's crouched right beside him lips dangerously close to his ear and whispers. "Why don't you go grab us some lunch and we'll finish up after we eat?" Poe says it in the most seductive voice Finn has ever heard. Finn nods and looks calm. But when he gets up and rounds the corner he flips a shit. He has to grab onto a wall to steady himself so he doesn't collapse in the hallway. "What was that?" he thinks out loud. "That man-" a complete expression is impossible right now, because his heart is still outside of his chest. Finn catches his breath. Did he invite me out here to flirt with me? He couldn't have. He shakes off the feeling and picks up two lunch trays from the cafeteria. Finn takes a while getting back to Poe, a bit cautious at first. "Hey I thought you'd never get back!" that man says and again with that smile. Finn aches at his inability to express his feelings at the moment. Yet he can't understand them fully himself. So he doesn't say a word outside of X-wing knowledge for the next two hours. Finn checks his watch and realizes he has a meeting. "Poe, I've got a meeting with the Task Force soon. Catch you later?" Finn grins to hide the fact that he never wants to leave Poe's side. "Yeah, sure. I'll see you around" Poe turns around to clasp hands with Finn then returns to his work. "Bye" Finn yells when he's at least 100 meters away. "Desperate much?" he scolds himself quietly. The desperate man looks down at his hand with longing. Poe waves behind his head. "Rey! Rey! Rey, are you there?" the ex-stormtrooper pleas with the screen. "Yeah, I'm here Finn. What's wrong? You look terrible." Rey politely tells her friend. Finn tells her everything. It's been two weeks since Finn and Poe worked on the X-wing together. Since then he's been avoiding Poe. Finn hasn't slept at all. Every night he woke up from some fantasy about Poe. The things that Poe did that day: the wink, the whisper in his ear, and the hand shake, it caught Finn off guard. It was the first time they had been completely alone and perhaps Finn was thinking too much into it. "You like Poe" Rey says it as if it were a fact known for hundreds of years across the galaxy. "Is that what you call it?" "You are attracted to him." Another fact is given. " You have a crush on him that's all." "Crush." Finn said as if trying on a new jacket to see how it fits. "I have a crush on Poe. I want to be around him all of the time, but I'm too scared." Finn completely forgets Rey is there and keeps going. "I stare at his eyes, his lips, his smile, his laugh. He's all I think about, and I feel incredibly empty without being around him. It's like my life isn't complete. He gave me a name, a jacket, a family-" Rey smiles at this. "-and I can't tell him how I feel. I'm incomplete and he doesn't even know it." Finn finally looks up, realizing all that he's said. He ducks his head down. "Actually, I think you're in love with him." "What?" Finn tries to makes sense of this. "What?" he repeats. "Love" Rey is ready to speak again. Finn interrupts with, "Isn't love only for adults who get married and have children?" "No, Finn, who told you that?" "It was in one of the books in the media room." "Is that where you’re getting all of your information?” Finn nodded. "When you care about someone very much, when you feel like you can't function properly when you are apart, when your heart beats fast and you can't speak, when they are all you think about, that's love. Finn you are in love. "With Poe?" "With Poe." Rey states facts number four. "Tell him Finn." "I can't. What if he doesn’t feel the same?” "You have to, Finn. Or you’ll never know" That night Finn leaves Poe a letter under his door. It says to meet for dinner at 1700 hours. Finn is half an hour early. When Poe finally arrives, his expression shines as soon as he was through the door. He gives Finn a little wave as he scanned his card. Finn watches as Poe walks over to get his tray of food and smiles as he sits down in front of him. “Hey! I missed you my friend.” Poe is so charming that even with a 5’oclock shadow his voice demanded attention. “Was there something you wanted to talk about buddy?” “Yeah,” Finn says uneasily. “Alright, you have my full attention.” Poe’s gentle eyes lock onto his. "Poe" Finn shudders. His breaths hitch and his voice goes up an octave into a whine. At this point he knew that he is visibly nervous. "I...I...I," Finn says between gasps stuffing the space between them. "What is it buddy?" Poe looks concerned. "Are you all right" He reached out to grab Finn's hand. Finn's eyes darted away and he opened his mouth as if to say something. A whimper came out instead. The next Finn was running. He left Poe at the table alone as he darted around corners and did not look up until he was leaning over the counter of his washroom. Eyes darted once again, but this time they met a terrified man with shaking hands, sweat plastered brows, and eyes collecting tears. "Why did you do that?" Finn screams at the figure in the mirror. He sighed, "Because I love him." A knock at the door comes moments later. All Finn can do is take deep breaths, clear the tears from his eyes, and hope it wasn't Poe. It's Poe. "Hey, are you okay?" Poe’s concern was eating him alive. "Yeah, just getting over a flu." Finn’s so bad at lying. "Oh, sorry to hear that. Is that why I haven't seen you around base lately?” The pilot looked at Finn earnestly. "Uh, yeah. But I'm feeling much better now." So much better Finn wondered if he could tell that was a lie. "Ok, that’s great. Um, can I come in?" Poe seems as if something important was on his mind. "Sure" Finn tries to hid his fear. "I need to talk to you about something." Oh no "Ok" Poe steps past Finn and stands next to the bed as Finn shuts the door, “I don't really know how to say this. So I'll just come out with it" "Yeah?" "Finn" Poe's eyes were still focused on the floor. "I would be so grateful if you were to fly with me on the next mission. Will you be my gunner? We leave in three months" Poe looked up with stars in his eyes. "Poe" Finn's expression quickly goes from anxious to surprised. "Of course. It would be my honor." "Oh really? Wow! I can't wait to get started." Poe nearly jumped off the bed. "Thanks so much." He came over and hugged Finn. Then he said in a low whisper, “We are going to make the best team.” Finn can almost feel the warmth from Poe’s smile. He wonders if Poe knows what his voice does to him. After a month of training together Finn still hasn’t told Poe anything more. Yet every night he wakes up from a 'Poe Dream'. Finn had also told to Rey that Poe didn’t feel the same way when he said "I love you". More lies. Finn is walking around base after dark when he can’t sleep. Finn walks around until midnight then he finds himself somehow in front of Poe's room. He feels sick to his stomach. This is irrational. Poe can't feel the same way. And even if he does. What would I do? A hand knocks at the door. Finn isn’t sure whose it is. But when Poe opens the door, Finn grins. “Finn? What’s up buddy?” “Um, I need to talk to you about something.” “Oh, sure. Come inside.” Finn walks inside, turns around, and immediately says, “I love you.” Poe's back is to Finn and the pilot slowly turns around to reveal a stunned man. His cheeks are red and he scratches his collarbone. Before Poe could say anything, Finn says it again, “I love you, Poe Dameron.” This time Poe speaks, “Finn, I-,“ he stumbles. Poe then walks past Finn to sit on the bed. Finn looks disappointed and ready to leave as soon as he says this. "I'm sorry, Poe. I'll let myself out. "No!"Poe shouts loud enough to make Finn jump. "Stay," Poe's voice is gentle now. "Please?" It's almost as if Poe is desperate. "Okay, I'll stay," Finn affirms his friend. He takes a seat next to Poe on the bed, heart beating wildly and breath barely reaching his lungs. "First, don't apologize for your feelings. Second, is this what you wanted to tell me in the mess hall last month?" Poe insists from an attentive ex-stormtrooper. "So you didn't buy that flu lie, huh?" "Not one bit." Poe laughed and it eased the horrible tension in Finn's stomach. "I should have told you then. If I had known what it was before that I would have told you sooner." Finn speaks so fast that he instantly regrets telling Poe this. "It?" Poe grabs Finn's hand. "You mean your feelings toward me?" "Yeah," Finn says in something between a gasp and a whisper. Finn looks up for the first time. "How did you figure it out? Did someone help you?" "A friend" "That's great." Poe looks around his room with searching eyes. Finn does that thing again where he doesn't think. He just speaks completely forgetting that anyone else is around. "Poe, I think about you all of the time. I dream about your lips on mine, gazing into your eyes, and stroking your bare chest. You're so gorgeous." Finn grabs a fistful of his shirt collar to calm himself. "You're my best friend. And I love you." He says this last part with the most intent-filled expression looking right into Poe's eyes. Tender eyes meet Finn’s. “I love you too, Finn” Finn can’t process what happens next. Poe says some things that make his stomach flip, stuff like: “I wanted to tell you,” “Ever since we met,” and “You complete me Finn,” His senses don’t come back to him until Poe’s lips are on his. Finn panics and stills himself. He doesn’t know what is going on, but kisses make him nervous. He pulls away suddenly. "Is this too much for you?" Poe sounds concerned. He grabs Finn by the shoulders and looks back and forth between Finn's eyes. Finn just can't seem to get the kissing thing down. "Yeah, it is. I just felt so good when we were talking. Can we do that some more?" Finn feels embarrassed as he tells Poe this and worries that he won't understand. "Talking?" Poe looks over his shoulder to hide his disappointment. "Sure we can do that buddy.” But instead of talking, Finn's body goes into shock. His eyes open wide and hold Poe's gaze unwavering. All Finn can think about were those dreams when he woke up screaming out Poe's name over and over again. Nearly a whole minute passes and embarrassment blossoms in the air around them. Finn clears his throat to pretend to be thinking, but it's really just to clear out the huge lump in his throat. Poe finally asks, "So what do you want to talk about?" Finn looks down visibly nervous and asks, "Um, do you dream about me?" Stupid! Why'd you say that? Poe turns his head to Finn looking partially startled, partially turned on. Now it's Poe turn to look nervous. "Well, sometimes I replay the time we first met in my dreams." He took Finn's hand. "I can't begin to tell you how happy you make me." Poe brought Finn's hand up to meet his lips. Finn sighed and closed his eyes. "You make me really happy too." Finn smiled while saying this. "And I have dreams about you too. But they're not so innocent." Finn confesses, but it's too late. He can't take it back now. Poe's expression is one of bliss when he asks, "Yeah, you said that earlier we would kiss, right?" "Sure, that too. You" Finn gulps "And me" another gulp "doing things." Poe's eyes light up and his voice sounds teasing, "What else would we be doing?" Finn ducks his head down, "Um, you-," he can't finish this sentence without losing his dignity. "How about we kiss some more?" "No, I want to hear what you have to say." "It's when you say things to me and it makes feel really excited and I..." Finn stops to catch his breath. "I wake up so wet." I shouldn't have said that. "What do I say to you?" Poe asks completely ignoring the wet comment. "Oh, uh, I don't remember." Poe can tell that Finn is lying. "Were we touching?" "Yeah" "Like how?" "You were on my lap." And before Finn can react Poe swings his right leg over both of their bodies and straddles Finn lap. "Like this?" Finn groans, "Closer." Poe reveals a mischievous grin and leans in to put his lips right next to Finn's ear. "Like this?" Poe voice was now low, husky, and needy. "Mmh-mmm" was all Finn could say. Poe chuckled in his ear. "This must be a dream." Finn thinks to himself. "No, baby it's not." Oh, that wasn't in my head. But, did he say baby? "Baby?" "Baby" Poe's voice is oozing want. To make matters worst he grinds his hips eliciting a groan from Finn's straining throat. "You do things to me, Poe. Things I can't explain." Finn's breathy voice grazes Poe's neck earning a sigh from his pilot. "Please just don't stop talking," Finn pleads. Poe is stunned. He pulls his head back and grabs Finn's face with his hands and waits until Finn opens his eyes. Poe has obviously noticed how hard Finn is. When Finn opens his eyes what meets him nearly knocks him back. Poe looks hungry and bloodthirsty, like sex personified. "I am going to make you scream my name so loud that the whole galaxy can hear you." Poe sounds aggressive, it would alarm the typical person, but Finn gets off on this kind of thing. "And I'm not going to even touch you." Poe breathes this into Finn's mouth. I don't deserve this man. Finn moans and reaches out his lips to meet Poe's, but Poe backs up. "No you said keep talking." "I know, but I need you." "You need me?" now Poe was just teasing. "I need you." Finn says breathy once again. "I have been wanting to do this to you ever since I saw the way you looked at me with my shirt off that day." Finn can't believe it and his eyes fly open. He thought Poe didn't see him. "Yeah I saw you." Poe brings his lips to Finn's ear once again, "I want you to watch me jack myself off while looking right at your glorious face. Can you do that for me?" Finn's heartbeat increases even more and his breathing speeds up with the anticipation of what Poe just said. I don't think I can get any harder. Poe gets up and crosses the room to get a chair from behind the desk and brings it to the center of the room. "Sit" Poe's now taken on the full aggressive personality: his voice, eyes, stance, and energy very different from his usual charisma. Finn gets up to sit in the chair. He walks past stalking eyes and sits facing Poe. "Now close your eyes." Finn closes his eyes and hears shuffling and a minute later a warm body straddles his legs. Breath is on his ear. "Open" It's Poe. It's Poe completely naked. His muscles are soft despite his chiseled figure. Shiny black waves dangle in front of brown eyes making his lids heavy. He's gorgeous. "Poe pulls his head back. Without breaking eye contact, he licks his hand from the palm all the way to the tip of his middle finger, sucking his finger before repeating. He does this three times. Then as Finn is about to moan, Poe moans softly, "Finn!" Poe's hand is now wrapped around his shaft, hard. Lips part and eyes close he breathes shakily. Finn can't breathe and he gasps for air, but before he can catch his breath Poe's back to his ear. "Mmh Every night since we crash landed on Jakku, I thought of you." Poe starts stumbling over his words and it's because his hand is now moving up and down. "Sometimes I, unh, don't even touch myself, ahh. I...I just think of you and I come." Poe chuckles. "I ruined so many flight suits. You are so beautiful." Finn can't believe what he's hearing. He can't believe the sounds coming out of his own mouth. Poe has positioned himself so that every time his hand reaches the top of his shaft, some of that clear fluid comes flying out landing on his shoulder. Which is right in front of Finn's face. "Every time we fly together, I make sure you get out first so you don't see me-" Poe stops speaking. His hand reaches up to grab Finn's shoulder. He can't breathe. A sound leaves his lips that sounds like a cry. Eventually Poe loses it and throws his head over Finn's shoulder. All of that because Finn stuck his tongue out and tasted that clear fluid. Finn places his hands on Poe's sides and holds him. It just now dawned on him that he is incredibly hard below Poe. Maybe if I just do what Poe is? But he's not going to ruin Poe's plan. Poe's voice is back, "Have you ever come because of me?" "Yeah" Finn can barely speak now. Poe looks up, "You have?" He seems so happy at the sound of that. "Oh Finn" Poe tilts his head back as he brings his hand down to start stroking himself again. Finn loses it and tells Poe everything. "I dream about you all the time. Every night since we first worked on the x-wing and even before that." His breath hitches. He pants. “I wake up screaming your name soaking wet just from thinking about you." "Yeah?" which sounds more like a cry than a question. "I've ruined so many pairs of pants just looking at you." Finn whispered this time in Poe's ear. "Hmmm I want to fuck you so bad" Finn doesn't know what that is, but when Poe bits his ear he kind of figures it out. "Fuck me," Finn breathes in a husky, craving voice. The man on Finn's lap sits up. Poe goes still except for heavy shaking in his legs, and raises his hand to caress Finn's cheeks. Then he plants a delicate kiss on his lips. "I would, but I want to make sure you're ready." He then proceeds to lick and nip at Finn's neck. Finn whimpers at the love bites,"Baby fuck" in a high-pitched whine that vibrates through both of their bodies. Something in the way Finn says it drives Poe mad and jolts a trembling, "Oh Finn." Poe starts moaning into Finn's ear, Finn's neck, Finn's mouth, Finn's hair. His hands are gripping the back of Finn's neck, so hard it feels like he's drilling holes. He leans up to kiss a wrecked ex-stormtropper splattering fluid onto both their chests. "Poe...I...uh...Oh, oh," Finn's moaning, groaning, babbling into Poe's mouth. Poe snakes his hands down to grab himself. "Finn! Finn!Finn!" he's shouting now. "Poe" Finn's voice is weak, barely there. "Baby, I'm so-" and Poe doesn't finish because Finn's hand grabs Poe's and speeds up his stroke. Poe can't hold on any longer and lets go. He reaches up instead to grab Finn's face. And they kiss. It's the most passionate, sloppy, and desperate kiss the galaxy has ever seen. And that's all it takes for Finn to howl, "Ah" into Poe's mouth. Poe's hand wrap around his neck again pulling them closer so that Finn is screaming right into Poe's throat. Poe keeps kissing Finn and they are both so close. Finn's hand speeds up pumping Poe like a machine. So hard that Poe nearly leaps off his lap every time Finn's hand reaches the tip. Finn can't believe they are still going. He does something he never has before. With his free hand he smacks Poe's ass as hard as he can. "Fuck!" And that's all it takes for Poe to tilt his head back and cry out. At the same time he shoots out plastering Finn's and his own face and chest. Finn follows right behind with, "Poe!" Finn is awake for this one. His vision goes black and he feels a fire inside of him. He opens his eyes to find Poe staring directly at him. Then suddenly the fire is shooting out. His hips jolt up again and again. Poe cries out somewhere in the galaxy. Euphoria washes over his body and tears are streaming down his face. Finn has never felt this way before. And he doesn't want it to end. "I want to stay in this moment forever." Finn is not even sure that came out in comprehensible sound. His voice is ragged and scarce. Poe grinds down on Finn's hips in a delayed reaction to Finn's thrusts. Whatever consciousness Finn had is now gone. Finn blacks out again and thrusts once more in response to Poe's continuing grinding. Some time in the near future Finn opens his eyes and he sees Poe's eyes right in front of him. Their noses are touching. Warm, sweet breaths are exchanged in the space between them. "Finn, that was just-" Finn hears someone speaking, but can't make out who it is because he is trained on Poe's eyes. "Just -" someone sighs, "I love you." Finn responds to that voice with, "I love you too." His eyes have still not left Poe's. Poe straightens up and looks down at their bodies. Finn does the same. Poe is completely naked, and Finn is completely clothed. The only thing they have in common is Poe's sticky fluid on their face and chest. Poe stands up and pulls Finn with him. Finn's legs are still wobbly so he holds him up with one arm. They walk over to the bed and Poe sits Finn down. Finn's eyes are once again glued to Poe's eyes, lips, and nose. He does not even notice Poe leave and come back with a some clothes and a cloth. His mouth just remains closed as Poe strips his clothes off, cleans him up, and put him into of a pair of boxers and pajamas. Poe walks away and comes back fully dressed. Finn has still not said a word. Poe leans down to kiss Finn. Poe kisses him and he wakes up finally. They roll back onto Poe’s bed and fall asleep, or at least try to fall asleep for the next two hours. They have to be up at 0600 hours to work on the X-wing. Notes: Thank you so much for reading to the end! Please let me know what you think.