Breathe, breathe me in, taste my words, let me blow your mind. It's innocent enough, you think, when he takes your hand during supper that night, calloused palm rubbing against yours as he intertwines your fingers. You sit where you always do, pressed against his side across from Jess and Snap, the rest of the pilots huddled around your little table somehow. You feel special, being the only mechanic. You feel like you're the only non-pilot allowed in their secret pilot squad. You know better, however, as you know that these are some of the resistance’s most welcoming. People just opt not to approach them, seeing as they're almost regarded as legends, as great heroes that walk amongst your ranks. Still, you feel lucky, almost privileged that you get to be a part of their raucous laughter, that you get to witness the people beneath the helmets; the people behind the myths . Poe smiles as he turns to look at you, and he can't help the faint lurch in his heart when you throw your head back in laughter, hand squeezing his as Snap nods his head proudly, grinning behind his cup. Poe can't help but feel incomparably grateful: for you, for his friends, for the life he's built for himself. This small moment in time, tucked away in the tiny little building that serves as a cantina, is what makes what he does worth it, worth everything . He’d gladly risk his life a thousand times over again if it meant that he got to bear witness to your brilliant smile, and the warm sound of the laughter of his friends. He knows that right here, this little cookie-cutter piece of his life, is where he wants to be forever. He finds his smile widening when you cuddle into his arm, lips pressing a gentle kiss against his jacket-clad shoulder as the rest of the pilots wind down, settling into their seats as the laughter dies down and the voices quiet. He manages to wrap his arm around your shoulders, pulling you into him with a well-timed kiss against your temple. The two of you relax into each other, and everything just kind of stills, and you're left to this gentle sort of peace, lost to you during the hustle and bustle of everyday life on D’Qar; the craziness that comes with working for the Resistance. The both of you lose yourselves in each other, in your friends, in the warmth that being in good company provides. You continue sharing jokes and smiles until Jess calls it a night a few hours later, everyone following suit, eager to return to their own nightly routines, whatever they might be. His breath is warm on the shell of your ear, and you feel him speak before you hear him. “What do you say we get out of here, yeah? Call it a night too.” You smile, warm and gentle, and you nod eagerly as he pushes his chair back and stretches, lips curling into an easy grin as he helps you up. Your friends all smile and laugh, and you all leave the cantina together, still joking, still beaming. And it's only when you come across Poe’s room--situated closest to the hangar should he be needed immediately--that you all disperse, the two of you ducking into his dimly lit room as their laughter fades down the hall. You let out a sigh, tired but elated, and you fall back into his pillows as he discards his jacket and then his boots, shooting a small smile to BB-8’s empty charging station. “Think BB-8 knew I'd bring you here tonight?” You giggle slightly, shrugging off the standard issue mechanics vest as you stave off a blush. “Undoubtedly,” you chuckle, now undoing your hair as he begins to unbutton his shirt. “You have yourself an incredibly smart Droid, Dameron. I'm sure he figured you were up to something.” “What can I say?” he chuckles, now unbuckling his belt as you begin to peel off your shirt. “A man’s gotta do what a man’s gotta do, including his girl. Sue him for missing her.” You're blushing again, even more so when he decides to crawl up the bed, pants slung precariously low on his hips as slides up the length of your body. You can only giggle as he plants a sweet kiss against your lips, smile growing as you wrap your arms around his neck and pull him down to your level, mouths pressing against each other slow and unhurried. “I missed you while I was away,” he hums, resting his forehead against your bare shoulder. “Couldn't wait to come back to you again.” You giggle as he mouths at your skin. “You were only gone for like, a day.” “A day too long,” he murmurs, chuckling when you playfully swat at his back. “Any moment away from you is a moment wasted.” “You're cheesy,” you grin, blushing all the same, breath picking up as he rolls to your side and trails a hand down your belly. “Only for you, my love,” he declares, somewhat playful, making sure to make eye contact as his fingers dip below the waistband of your panties. “Only for you.” You would roll your eyes, but you find that you're too busy stifling a sharp moan as he slowly circles your clit with the pads of his index and middle fingers, looking all too smug as you instinctively part your legs further, one hand clenching around the sheets as the other curls around the back of his neck. “You're so cute like that,” he murmurs, all breath, chuckling softly as you pout. “All wound up like this, just for me. I love it.” His hand trails further, fingers teasing your hole as his palm rubs deliciously against your clit. “More?” You nod, desperate for him, and he chuckles as he slowly inserts a finger, gentle in his rhythm as he gradually begins to pump in and out. His mouth covers yours amid the delicious pressure, swallowing the soft sounds you make with every shallow movement; every slow drag of his rough palm against your clit. He loses himself in your kiss, sighing through his nose as you allow him to deepen it, tongue tracing gently along your lower lip. And then your mouths are parting together, and his tongue is hot and heavy as he finally gets a taste of you. He's starting to rut against the sheets, brow furrowed as you in turn rock into his palm, softly coming undone as he dips another finger into your wanting pussy. The pace is deliciously unrushed. You're not racing to finish, not chasing the inevitable release you'll find with the help of his adept fingers. You're content to go slow tonight, ready to take what he gives and eager to give what he’ll take. He's in no hurry either, dragging out your pleasure with each steady roll of his wrist, each gentle slide of his broad palm against your engorged clit. Nights like tonight are few and far between, and he intends to savor every moment, every sweet love sound that passes through your kiss-swollen lips. Your first orgasm is warm and soothing when it finally comes. It washes over your body in steady waves, gentle and all-consuming as your grind your pussy into his hand, eyes closing and back arching and mouth twisting and hands clenching. He breathes in your moans and cries, biting softly on your lip as you continue to rock into his hand, body slowly uncoiling as he guides you through it, until you’re sweaty and boneless and the fingers between your thighs come to a steady halt. You breathe out a sigh, and you push your lips against his jaw when he withdraws his hand, smiling around his fingers when he sucks your taste off of them. “That was good,” you whisper into the calm silence. “That was incredible .” “That was only the beginning,” he points out, laughing again as he guides your hand to the front of his trousers, where he lays it against the firm line of his cock. “We have all night, my love.” You giggle too, restlessly, and your other hand is sliding down his body as he ducks his head for a kiss or two, maybe three. “What are we waiting for, flyboy?” He groans, low and needy, teeth catching his lower lip as you slowly push down his pants and undergarments, heavy cock bobbing against the cool air once freed. “Can I take care of you, Poe-boy? Can I make you feel good?” He swallows harshly, but he nods nonetheless when your hand wraps around his base and squeezes, milking out a strangled groan as he subconsciously bucks against your touch. You titter softly, smiling up at him as he braces a hand over your heads, the other resting comfortably against your ribs, thumb grazing your nipple every-so-often as he tries to ground himself. His breath is hot on your neck, soft pants and whimpers sweet on your ears as you work his cock in long, languid strokes, squeezing here and pulling there, just the right amount of teasing to get him to that place where he’s so so close but also just tame enough to keep him there. He kisses you again, tongue lazy and lolling against yours as you open your lips to him. He's slowly starting to rock with your movements, and you can feel his length begin to harden even more, beads of precum meeting your thumb when you tease his slit. That's your cue to slow it down even more, and he's torn between being relieved and agitated when you take your hand away from him and slowly slide down your panties. “Figured you wanted to do it inside,” you whisper, hushed for no other reason than to preserve the warmth of the atmosphere you both built. He wheezes out a laugh, but he's already sliding over you, mouth dotting yours with kisses as he gently pushes in, jaw going slack as your cunt stretches to accommodate him. “I'm home,” he groans, forcing himself to stay still long enough for you to gather your wits. “Maker you feel so good.” You laugh through a moan, though it's lost completely as he begins to move, cock filling you up so deliciously you find that nothing else matters anymore. Any traces of laughter are gone at this point, extinguished by the heat of his body as it glides along yours, hips rocking you against the mattress as he fucks into you with careful precision, cock hitting home with every inward thrust. You mewl softly, fingers tugging at the curls atop his head as he steadily picks up pace, groaning against your neck as he readjusts his arms. He all but growls when you slide your foot along the back of his thigh, pressing it into his ass with a well-timed nip at the shell of his ear. He jerks forward, a little harder than he’d intended, but the motion has his cock deeper than it's ever been and his pelvic bone grinding against your clit at the perfect angle. Again you find that he's readjusting, but you definitely can't complain when he's expertly fucking into you the way he is now, cock brushing against that spot that has you whining and mewling, hips rocking into his with every thrust. By the time he reaches down and toys with your clit, you're a goner, lost within the throes of ecstasy as yet another, more powerful orgasm washes over you, gushing pussy clenching wildly around him. He gets a little desperate then, and with a few more erratic thrusts, he's lost within his own release, hips grinding down instead of thrusting as he milks himself with your sensitive cunt. You're both breathing heavy by the time his body relaxes, and you allow him to rest his head against your chest, fingers detangling his sweat-matted curls, slow, gentle smiles adorning both your faces. His weight on top of you is a welcome one, and you bask in the warmth of his body as your heart rate slows and your breathing settles. By the time you find your voice again, he's already knocked out cold, snoring gently against your bosom as you play with his hair. You can't help but grin, scoffing lightly at your big manchild. You know that within a few hours, he’ll rouse from his post-sex slumber, and he’ll be ready for another taste and another round, and you'll be more than ready to give in to him. So you let your head loll and your eyes close, content for the moment to sleep with him in your arms. After all, this is the cookie-cutter piece of your life you know you want to stay with forever, half covered by the sheets and half covered by his body, thighs still quivering and chest still heaving. This, right here, is your own personal heaven, your own personal sanctuary perfected with his presence and sweetened with his love. You fall asleep with that thought in mind, content with this little piece of forever you find pressed within the safety of his embrace. Notes: As always, feedback is greatly appreciated! Or, harass me on tumblr @corusxant :)