All in all , Hux thinks as the planet writhes in its death throes beneath them, this could have been worse . It’s an absurd notion, and his grip tightens on the seat in front of him as if in response. He watches from the shuttle’s viewport, impassive, as they pick their way across the planet’s surface. Fire streaks the landscape ahead and behind, deep cracks in the crust opening wide and spreading to devour the earth. The destruction of Starkiller Base is the destruction of years of meticulous planning, paperwork, and bureaucracy; the destruction of his career writ large. Everything he suffered to get this far, every victory achieved and every challenge overcome, gone in the blink of an eye. He allows himself to indulge that melodramatic thought for a moment, even wallow in it. He has earned that much, surely. Despite the planet’s imminent implosion, the inside of the shuttle is quiet. The situation doesn’t yet feel tangible, as though they are all waiting in the uneasy silence at the eye of the storm. A few of the soldiers comprising his escort shift in their places as the tracker signal beeps, methodical and soft. “There!” the shuttle’s pilot says, so suddenly that Hux nearly jumps in his seat. She is already beginning the cautious descent to the surface as he rises, pushing past the others to get a better view. Even at this distance, he can see a figure in the snow below them, prone, black and red against white. It’s definitely Ren. He doesn’t appear to be moving. Hux presses his lips together in a hard line. How is he to explain this to the Supreme Leader, how he has failed his last and only task? He imagines himself in the conference room on the Finalizer , alone, expression approximating contrition but approaching fear. Snoke looms silhouetted on the dais, face contorted in what might be a snarl. Regrettably, we were unable to complete the task you had given us , he hears himself say. By the time we reached the planet’s surface, it was already too late . He shakes his head almost imperceptibly. It is of no use to think of this now. If Ren is dead, then Hux knows he will certainly follow. Snoke had seemed reserved as he ordered the base’s evacuation, but Hux could tell nonetheless that his failure had rankled. It doesn’t bear thinking about what will happen if he returns to the Finalizer alone, the Order’s extravagant superweapon and the Supreme Leader’s vaunted pet abandoned behind him. The heavy silence within the shuttle intensifies as it lands, the engines thrumming to a halt. Hux directs the small train of stormtroopers out of the exit hatch before stepping out himself. He hopes for his own sake that there is still something, anything, to salvage from this wreck. The first thing he notices—the world is on fire. Nothing about this catastrophe had seemed real since he left the Supreme Leader, orders ringing in his ears. But here on the surface, the gravity of the situation catches up to him, like a cloud dissipating overhead. The earth sputters and groans as great crevasses split the forest in two. The wind bites into him and makes the gentle flurry of snow seem like a blizzard, though as he suppresses a shiver he notices the forest aflame in the distance. He knows there is little time left before the planet collapses in on itself. Ren lies where the pilot had spotted him from above, unmasked and very still. His escort stands at attention, flanking him on either side, but none of the soldiers make a move forward. He wonders briefly whether bringing them along had been wise—the fewer people under his command to witness the enormity of this defeat firsthand, the better. But then he notices that no one seems particularly unnerved by the chaos unfolding around them. A few of them are looking at him, as though awaiting orders, but most are turned towards the body in the snow. None of them want to be the first to approach. They’re frightened of Ren. Of whether he’s dead and what that will mean for the First Order, or of what he will do if he’s not, Hux can’t say. Absurd . He gives each of the soldiers a pointed look as he bridges the distance between the ship and the edge of the widening crevasse where Ren’s body lies. There is a worrying amount of blood in the snow, a trail of it that leads off behind them accompanied by at least two sets of footprints. Ren’s eyes are open, moving but not quite tracking him. Hux lets out a breath he hasn’t noticed he’d been holding and drops to his knees. He pauses for a moment to take stock of the situation—Ren is bleeding from a wound on his side, his robes are singed through at the shoulder and leg. When he moves his mouth to speak, his expression turns to a grimace halfway through. His face is slashed open from forehead to cheek, but the wound is not bleeding. Lightsaber combat, then. Naturally. Hux reaches over and nudges Ren’s uninjured shoulder. “Can you hear me?” he says. He keeps his tone level. In honesty, he wants to taunt him. He wants to kick him while he’s down. He wants to demand an answer as to why, while Starkiller Base shuddered and burned, Ren was here in the forest getting himself killed. But some unfamiliar force compels him to bury his anger for the time being. He tells himself he is merely being professional. Ren doesn’t answer at first. His eyes narrow. He inhales sharply. Perhaps he’s angry that Hux isn’t taunting him, as though treating him with civility is a reproach in and of itself. When he does answer, he spits the words out like he is eager to be rid of them. “Did you get them?” Despite the vehemence with which he speaks, his voice is thin and soft. It plainly takes him a great deal of effort. “Who?” Hux asks, signaling for the soldiers crowded by the shuttle to approach. “What happened here?” “The girl,” Ren says in a hiss, right hand groping blindly at his side. “The traitor.” He digs his fingers into the wound, hard, bringing up blood. “What are you doing ?” Hux says, barely suppressing a shout. He feels genuine fear flood into him, for the first time in a long time, as his stomach drops. Everything’s destroyed , a detached voice whispers from inside him. Your work, your plans, your ambition. This is what’s left. A crumbling planet and a madman dying in the snow. The world feels like it’s spinning. Yesterday, he celebrated a great victory over the Resistance and their seat of power in the Hosnian system. Today, everything is tumbling out of his control all at once. “ Stop ,” he says. He can fix this. He can . He can do nothing for Starkiller Base now, but he can bring Ren back, alive. He has this under control. He wrenches Ren’s hand away from his side and replaces it with his own, pressing down hard. To the soldiers he says, “Search the area. Take anyone you find into custody. If they run, kill them. Do it quickly.” They nod their assent in unison and scatter around the perimeter of the area, but Hux knows it’s too late. Anyone able to get off this deathtrap is certainly already gone. Another problem to deal with later. Focus on the task at hand. He turns back to Ren, who has managed to raise his head to look into the forest across the crevasse. “Tell me what happened. The girl and the traitor did this?” Ren bristles at the order, hands curling into fists. “The girl,” he says, and he has the grace to look humiliated. And then, quieter, “She’s stronger than me.” “The scavenger from Jakku?” Hux asks, disdainful, before he can think better of it. There will be a time and place to argue later, he tells himself as Ren’s face twists wordlessly into a scowl. “The Supreme Leader said you may have been right about her,” he adds, though he’s not quite sure why. It’s not his job to placate Ren like he’s a child and not a lamentable excuse for an adult. “Your side. What did this?” He removes his hands from the wound almost gingerly. The surrounding snow is soaked with blood. He will need new gloves come morning, he thinks, feeling half mad. He always had a mind for details. For prioritizing, for filtering out the important from the useless. Not so in the wake of the planet’s destruction, it seems. Ren casts his gaze aside, towards the fire in the distance. His face falls at the question. “A Wookiee bowcaster,” he says. He looks almost frightened, and surprisingly young, though Hux thinks they’re of an age. He isn’t sure how to respond to that. He isn’t sure how to respond to any of this, if he’s being honest. His place is back at base overseeing the evacuation, or aboard the Finalizer coordinating the Order’s next steps. His escort has largely returned to their places flanking the path back to the shuttle, emptyhanded. He touches Ren’s shoulder with a bloody glove. “We need to go. The oscillator has failed, the planet’s imploding,” he says, and to his credit he tries very hard not to sound as though he’s making an accusation. “Can you walk?” “Yes,” Ren answers, too quickly, as he plants his hands in the snow and manages to drag himself to his knees. The effort leaves him panting, bent over and leaning on his arms. Hux takes his uninjured arm and drags him upright the rest of the way. “I can walk by myself,” Ren protests, though it’s clear to both of them that he can’t. Hux doesn’t dignify that with a response. They make their way through the snow, Ren bracing himself reluctantly against Hux as the earth quakes beneath them. Steps away from the shuttle, the ground shakes so fiercely that Ren loses his footing and stumbles. Hux catches him hard around the waist, and when he pulls him upright again he is supporting almost all of his weight. He is breathing heavily, head slumped onto Hux’s shoulder. Hux is about to call for help from his escort when the moment passes. Ren lifts his head, growls something unintelligible towards the ground, and takes a step forward. The soldiers watch as Hux manhandles Ren into the shuttle before following behind them, eager to leave this place behind. Hux guides Ren into one of the shuttle’s seats as the hatch is closed. “We’ll rendezvous with the Finalizer shortly,” he says, taking a seat himself. He removes his bloodied gloves only to find the sleeves of his uniform and greatcoat soaked as well. “I trust you’ll live until then?” He intends to sound sarcastic, but his voice betrays him, landing squarely on mildly concerned. This means nothing to Ren, who glowers at the floor. “I’m fine .” His fingers prod the edges of the wound on his face. Hux wonders if he intends to keep the scar. He probably thinks it will look impressive . Ren drops his hand and looks back over at Hux. “Why did you come?” he asks. He manages to sound ungrateful even now. Hux heaves a sigh and musters up all the patience he has left. “Orders,” he says, though as the word leaves his mouth it occurs to him that it might be a lie. He thinks he might have come anyway. This thought disturbs him more than it should. His head aches. He presses his fingers to his temple, disguises the movement as smoothing back his hair. Why would he have come, other than at Snoke’s command? It’s not as though he and Ren know each other particularly well. Ren spends half his time pointedly ignoring him and the other half needling him like a petulant child. He resolves not to think about it. There will be losses to calculate, plans to draw up, reports to be made. Hux has no time to consider an errant thought that occurs to him exhausted and under duress. Ren is staring at him, plaintive, and Hux recalls with a start that he can supposedly read people’s minds. He turns to stare out the shuttle’s viewport, back down at the remains of Starkiller Base as it fades into the distance. There is nothing visible on the surface now. It is a volatile ball of fire, and any personnel unlucky enough to remain down there are surely dead already. “Did Snoke say anything else?” Ren asks from beside him. He sounds quiet now, resigned. “He says you’re to complete your training,” Hux replies, watching lines of fire spread out across the planet’s surface, red on red. Ren lets out a long, shaky breath, and Hux turns to look at him from the corner of his eye. He has that look on his face again. Scared, sad. It’s unnerving how young he looks. He wonders if this is why Ren always wears the mask. Hux doesn’t presume to know what the Supreme Leader’s training entails, nor does he presume to care, but he assumes that Snoke will be displeased to learn of the girl’s escape. He had imagined it would feel good to see Ren defeated, after everything he’d done to undermine his command. That the small part of him that still took pleasure in petty arguments would rejoice to see Ren brought low. That he would seize the opportunity to fortify his own position in the Supreme Leader’s eyes. But he supposes this is different. They are caught up in this defeat together. Starkiller Base is their shared failure. “I did what he asked,” Ren says. He is sagging in his seat, sweat beading at his brow. Hux eyes the pilot, who is in the process of engaging the hyperdrive. They will be back aboard the Finalizer shortly, to face whatever might come next. “I did everything he asked.” Hux nods, conciliatory. “I’m sure you did,” he says. It comes out sounding weak, an empty appeasement, but he is stricken by the realization that he might mean it. Ren isn’t so far gone not to realize when he’s being condescended to. He shoots Hux a glare and is finally, blessedly silent. --- The shuttle reaches the Finalizer shortly after. Ren is ushered off to the medical bay, and Hux goes alone to report his success to the Supreme Leader. He spends the next few days in meetings. With Snoke, explaining why Ren needs time to recover and can’t be brought to him immediately. With his officers, discussing the ramifications of the defeat on Starkiller Base. With the engineers, listening to excuses about the oscillator’s final failure. He is busy. Busy trying to dig himself and the First Order out of a deep hole, alone. He does not think of Kylo Ren. Until he does. He does not fool himself. Even if he wanted to, there is nothing he can do to ease whatever punishment Ren thinks is waiting for him when they turn him over to Snoke. It’s not his business to know or care. He is not Ren’s mother, or his nursemaid, or even his friend. He is barely his colleague. But he still goes to visit him in his quarters on the morning before they arrive to drop him off. The door opens before he can knock, and Hux wants to turn and leave at the presumption. But he doesn’t. He reminds himself that this is the last time he will have to see Ren for the foreseeable future. Somehow, this makes the prospect of interaction seem bearable, even welcome, as though he might miss some imaginary representation of what their relationship could have been. He still resents him, and he’s sure Ren returns the sentiment. But having seen him in the snow on Starkiller Base, broken and afraid, Hux thinks they might have been allies if things had gone differently. Had Ren been smart enough to realize that Snoke uses him as he uses everyone. When he enters, Ren is facing the opposite side of the room, in full uniform but for the helmet, abandoned to the fire in their flight. When he turns, Hux sees that he was right about the scar. It is barely healed, red and angry across Ren’s face. It doesn’t look terrible, Hux concedes. It might look impressive , on a bolder man. He wonders briefly what he was thinking by coming here. Ren bridges the distance between them before he can say anything, hands clasped behind his back. “Come to see me off?” He sounds annoyed, as though it’s Hux’s fault that any of this has happened. “Only to ensure you’re prepared to go,” he says. A lie. “A shuttle will be ready to take you on-planet within the hour.” “I’m prepared ,” Ren says, rolling his eyes. His voice lacks its usual bite, but Hux isn’t sure if it’s just the missing modulator. “Is that all you’ve come for?” He sounds expectant, like he knows something Hux doesn’t. It’s infuriating, but he doesn’t rise to the bait. He could say a lot of things; wants to say a lot of things. I’ve heard rumors you killed your father , or If you hadn’t let the girl escape, hadn’t let her out of your sight, none of this would have happened , or Good riddance. It will be much quieter here with you out of the way , but he says none of these. Instead, he says, “We’re still working out the best way to track the girl and the traitor. We’ll undoubtedly relocate them soon enough. This is a setback, but it’s only temporary.” Ren doesn’t say anything at first, like he’s trying to figure out whether this comment is meant to belittle him. He seems unnaturally subdued. The burden of their failure weighs heavily between them. Finally, he nods. “Undoubtedly,” he repeats, but he sounds skeptical. “I underestimated them.” The admission seems to cause him physical pain. “I trust you won’t do the same, should you locate them.” Even in admitting a mistake, Ren still sounds like he’s ordering him around. “You trust correctly,” Hux replies in a sharp voice. “I only meant to assure you that things are under control here.” Ren takes a step forward, like he means to confront him, but he says nothing. Hux meets his gaze. The scar makes him look older. They stare at each other for a long moment, neither speaking, uncomfortably close. Hux thinks of blood in the snow, of hands and weight and the way Ren’s head felt against his shoulder as they struggled back to the shuttle. He thinks again that perhaps things could have been different. Ren is smirking like he knows some awful secret. As the moment stretches on, the discomfort grows. Hux is afraid that they are about to do something terrible. Not terrible , that damned voice whispers within him. Only irreversible . But they do nothing. There is nothing to be done. At length, Ren shakes his head and brushes past Hux towards the door. “I’ll be gone as soon as the shuttle is ready,” he says, facing away. “I appreciate your concern, General,” he says, in a voice that does not sound at all appreciative of his concern. He leaves, and Hux does not follow him. Ren is gone within the hour, as promised. The Finalizer seems almost empty without him around, despite the flurry of activity as the Order puts its new plans into motion. Hux tells himself it’s only natural for it to feel that way—Ren was the only person whose rank demanded he be treated as a relative equal, being outside the Order’s chain of command. The only person who dared to question him (often), give him orders (regularly), or undermine his authority (frequently). It is better this way, with fewer distractions to take his attention away from the great volume of tasks to be completed. Even so, Hux seems somehow empty, too. As though when Ren left, the burden of responsibility for the Order’s defeat shifted squarely onto his shoulders. He knows that’s nonsense, but it’s preferable to any alternative explanation. As the days pass, Ren’s presence on the ship becomes a distant memory. Hux throws himself gladly into his work, taking longer shifts on the bridge, attending meeting after meeting. When he meets with Snoke via hologram in the conference room to update him on their progress, Ren is never there, and the Supreme Leader never mentions him. Sometimes it seems like Ren died there in the snow, with Starkiller Base and everything Hux worked his life away to accomplish. He wonders if that would have been kinder, but never for long. If there is some submerged, intolerable weakness in him for a man he spent the better part of a year bickering with, then it’s better he stays dead. Better he stays a memory. There is work to be done, and no time worth wasting on Kylo Ren.