Rey spends her days picking clean the bones of fallen star destroyers and her nights in the hollowed out skeleton of a lamed walker. She bargains the bounty of wrecked ships for the same tasteless meal: water bread and green protein pith. This isn’t the only kind of trading that goes on at Niima Outpost. Once the sun sets and the scavengers have scurried back to their boltholes, the night workers come out. Prostitutes set up their pallets and advertise, bartering the use of their bodies for portions. Mostly women between sixteen and thirty, although there are some younger, some older, and a few men who cater to clients’ less traditional tastes. Rey knows about these people, but she never thought she’d be one of them. Pride convinced her that she’d rather starve to her grave than trade her body for food, but she’s grown too set on survival to give up now. For thirteen days in a row she’s found nothing of significant value, and she’s been lucky if Unkar Plutt gave her a quarter portion for her finds. She’s lived a hungry life, but Rey has never known desperation like this before in her seventeen years. The empty ache of a starving belly, the light-headed hollowness that dulls her wits and slows her body. She’s dying by inches, and she’ll be too weak to save herself if she doesn’t act now. This isn’t much different than the work she does already. The back-breaking labor of gutting imperial wreckage dirties her in its own way, after all. Rey takes an oil bath, scrubs her skin with a porous stone to remove her body hair, and dresses in the cleaner of her two sets of clothes. Before she leaves for the outpost, she starts to scratch a mark into the wall of her rusting home, but she decides against it. She doesn’t want to immortalize this day on the metal. Rey would rather pretend it never existed. An hour later, she lays a blanket on the outskirts of town, stands beside it, and waits. It doesn’t take long for a man to approach her and strike a deal. He offers five portions to fuck her, but Rey has the sense to demand ten. She’s never done this before and tells him so; if he wants her virginity he’ll pay double for it. His blue eyes linger on her small breasts, run the length of her too-slender legs. “Eight. It’s all I’ve got with me, and besides, you’re too skinny for ten.” “Fine,” Rey says, even though she almost chokes on the word. It’ll be over soon , she tells herself. She undresses, feeling sick and exposed in the cold desert night, with no walls around her or roof over her head, then lies back on the blanket and opens her legs. The man is neither young nor old, ugly nor handsome. Just a plain, weathered, middle-aged scavenger with the luxury of extra portions to spend. Rey doesn’t look at him as he climbs on top of her, unfastening his pants. Instead, she stares up to the stars. Picks out the constellations she’s made up for herself and imagines that someone is coming back for her. She just has to wait for them. Just has to survive until then. It hurts. Her body isn’t ready for his, but he thrusts inside of her anyway, moving rough and fast, and she can feel herself tearing. Rey squeezes her eyes shut, blocking out the stars, and bites back a sob. Tears slide down the sides of her face, wet and warm. The man on top of her stops, breathing heavily, and says, “Look, if I have to do all the work, I’m not gonna pay you eight.” She wants to throw him off of her, to beat him with her quarterstaff, take the portions he owes her, and go back home. But he’s a big man, well over six feet tall and heavily built. Besides, she’s gone this far, already sacrificed her pride and her virginity. What does it matter if she has to give up more? He orders her to suck him, and when Rey closes her mouth over his cock, she tastes her own blood. Jakku may be light years away now, but some memories feel too close to be bound to a planet so far. Rey wakes in the middle of the night, shaking and crying, the unforgiving ghost of salt and red iron on her tongue. She runs to the ‘fresher and vomits, then takes the hottest shower she can stand. She wants to wash away the feel of that man’s fingers on her skin, but no amount of scrubbing seems to do it. The next morning, Finn puts a hand on her arm and asks if she’s well. Even this, the touch of her closest friend, all comfort and concern, makes her itch to pull away. “I’m fine,” she says, but the smile she forces to her lips feels too strained to be convincing. Finn nods, frowning, and says, “If you need me, I’m here. You know that, right?” “I know.” She kisses his forehead, the way she once did when he was lying prone in the medbay, and says, “Thank you.” Finn has claimed a special place in her heart; he’s her first true comrade, the man who took her hand and led her out of Jakku amidst a whirlwind, who came back for her on Starkiller and risked his life for hers. She’ll never love anybody in quite the same way that she loves him, this soldier who taught her more about friendship in a day than she’d learned in nineteen years. Rey wishes she could tell him about what she did on Jakku—what she let that man do to her. Finn would never judge her for it, she knows that, but she doesn’t want to see his sadness, or worse, pity. So she tells him she’ll see him later, then hurries to her meeting with the general. Leia asked to meet her at the lowest level of the base, in a room just down the hall from the holding cells. It’s a strange place for a discussion, Rey thinks, but she goes without question. Leia smiles, hugs her, and if she leans into the embrace a little more than she usually would, Rey hopes the general doesn’t notice. After she’s stepped back, Leia’s soft expression saddens, and she says, “I need your help, Rey.” She nods. “What can I do?” “My son was captured last night, just outside the Pelloria System. He’s in a holding cell, and I’m about to speak with him, and I—I don’t think I can do it alone.” “Kylo Ren is here , down the hall?” Rey asks. The last time she saw him a chasm had opened in the earth between them, and the collapse of Starkiller was the only thing that kept her from taking his life. She’d felt the pull to the dark, urging her to end his suffering right there, this miserable creature who had haunted her every step from Jakku. “That’s not his name,” Leia says quietly. “No more than that mask is his face.” She doesn’t especially want to see a monster like Ren again, no matter what his true name is, but Rey can see how much it pains Leia to put her son in chains. How afraid she is to approach him as a prisoner. “I hate to ask this of you,” Leia says, “and if you don’t want to—” “I’ll do it,” Rey says. “I’m not afraid of him.” And she isn’t, not anymore. How could she fear a wretch like Ren after seeing him scrambling in the snow, unmasked and bloodied and defeated? He’s restrained in a chair, his wrists and ankles bound by manacles. Less refined than the surgical contraption he had her confined with on Starkiller, but just as effective in its purpose. He sits straight-backed and proud, more like a king on a throne than a captive in chains. Instead of giving his mother any kind of recognition, Kylo Ren looks Rey up and down and says, “Nice clothes. You don’t look like a scavenger anymore.” “Nice scar,” Rey says. “Now the outside matches the inside.” Monster . She doesn’t have to say as much for Ren to hear it. He smirks, just the faintest trace of a smile playing around the edges of that full mouth. “You are feisty—for an ignorant girl from a backwater world.” “Stop it,” Leia says. “I raised you better than that.” Ren looks at his mother for the first time, and the sharpness behind that dark gaze almost makes Rey want to step backward. He laughs, a short, guttural sound with no true humor behind it. “You barely raised me at all,” he corrects, “or is that too inconvenient to remember?" “We’re not here to discuss my failings as a mother,” Leia says. “Tell us about the First Order.” “I’m no traitor,” he says. “If it’s insider information you want, go talk to that coward, FN-2187.” “His name is Finn ,” Rey snaps, before she can stop herself. “And if anyone’s the coward, it’s you. Hiding behind a mask and a fake name. You’d rather be the sad shadow of Darth Vader than your own man.” “Don’t presume to understand me.” Ren sounds more bored than offended. “You barely know me, girl.” He’s not the least bit frightened, and it angers her that he isn’t scared like she was on Starkiller. That he’s so confident in her goodness—which he sees as her weakness —that he believes she won’t hurt him. He’s wrong, though. Ren brings out the worst in her, draws her to the darkness, and she’s neither weak nor very good when faced with him. “You should step out,” Rey whispers to Leia. “It’s obvious that he’s not going to cooperate, and you shouldn’t have to watch me interrogate him.” Leia’s brown eyes widen. “Rey… that’s not why I asked you to come with me.” “If I don’t do this, what’s the next step?” she asks. Leia frowns, looks down. They both know that the Resistance needs information on Snoke and the First Order too badly not to employ every method to make Kylo Ren speak. As much as she loves her son, Leia won’t spare him for the sake of the galaxy. “I’ll be as gentle as I can,” Rey promises. And she will, but that’s as much for her own sake as Ren’s. He’s listening to their quiet exchange, no doubt catching every word, waiting for the verdict. “I’d prefer torture to the scavenger’s company,” Ren says dryly, “if that sways your decision, General.” Leia ignores him, then says to Rey, “I’ll wait for you upstairs. Report to my office with any information you get from him.” She leaves without another word. The metal door slides closed behind Leia with a shudder, and then Rey is alone with one of the creatures of her nightmares. She approaches, closing the white-tiled distance between them until she stands over him. But Ren is so large that, even seated, he isn’t much shorter than her. This close, she can see the serrated details of the puckered scar that divides his strong features. How the rich color of his bright eyes changes under the sterile, white lights. Rey wishes she found him ugly, that the mark she burned across his face would distract her from the compelling vulnerability of his full mouth—but it doesn’t. She intends to simply reach out, to hold her hand a spare inch from his skin, but instead Rey finds herself cupping his cheek. He’s impossibly warm, almost feverish. She flicks her thumb across his plump bottom lip, a gesture borne from curiosity (and something more, but she isn’t ready to examine that just yet). His mouth is so soft, and she can feel the heat of his ragged breath. She expects Ren to freeze, or pull away, defiant. Instead, he leans into her palm, as if he can’t help but savor the sweetness of contact. From the way he nuzzles her open hand, those tempting lips parted and long-lashed eyes closed, she expects it’s been years since anybody touched him gently. He’s unguarded, defenseless, and if she reads his mind right now she’ll find everything she’s looking for in an instant. Maybe he brings out more than darkness in her, because something like compassion keeps her from doing it. When she draws her hand away, Ren’s dark eyes flash open and his lips snap shut. He looks surprised at himself and maybe a little angry. His gloved hands curl into fists and his jaw tightens. “Get on with it, girl.” Rey takes a steadying breath, then leans close enough to smell the metallic scent that clings to his hair, intentionally copying the intimacy he forced on her when their roles were reversed. She holds her hand beside his cheek and reaches with her mind, probing through the wall of his resistance and into the reservoir of memories beyond it. She sees a small boy alone in a grand house, playing by himself while the golden droid C-3PO looks after him… He’s a little older, maybe five or six, crying in the darkness of his bedroom while his parents’ raised voices filter through the thin walls… “I’ll be back in time for your birthday, Ben,” Han Solo promises with a lopsided smile, but he knows better, because whenever Father goes off-world it’s always weeks and weeks before he returns… Mother looks at him with horror when she finds him with his hands buried in the body cavity of a lizard, exploring its still-warm organs, all curiosity without regard for life… A week later he’s going to live with Uncle Luke, and Ben can’t help but think that this is because his parents never much wanted him anyway… Rey can feel him trying to force her out of his head, but he’s not as strong-willed as she is. Sweat beads on his brow, and he’s breathing hard from the effort of trying to expel her presence from his mind. It’s wrong to sift through his most private memories—it’s wrong to do this at all—and wading through the mire of a child’s pain hurts to experience, even secondhand. She takes pity on him (and herself) and stops probing. “You were lonely too,” Rey whispers. Something like sympathy colors her words, keeps her from reaching back into his head. She understands the ache of isolation, how it can drive you half-mad if you let it. Tears streak his pale cheeks, sliding the length of his narrow face and dripping from his chin, and Rey hates herself in this moment for bringing his suffering to the surface. Never mind that he did the same to her not so long ago. It’s cruel, and invading his mind like this makes her sick. “Just tell me what I need to know,” Rey says, and it isn’t until she hears the shaking of her own voice that she realizes she’s on the verge of crying. “No,” he says, stubborn. “I’m not going to make this that easy for you.” She kneels on the tiled floor before him. If he wasn’t restrained, Rey would hate being in such a deferential position, but he’s too helpless right now for her to feel subservient. Still, he looms over her, so tall and broad. She cradles his face in her hands, brushes away his tears with the softest of touches, and leans near enough to him that she can see the subtle trembling of his mouth. We’re close enough to kiss , she thinks for a fleeting moment, before pushing the thought away. “Help me, Ben. Tell me something, anything, so I can stop this,” she whispers. He flinches when she says his name. “Don’t call me that.” “Ben,” Rey says again, and this time she savors the simplicity of the single syllable on her tongue. It’s such a plain, honest name for such a complicated man, but somehow it suits him. “That’s your name, your real name, and from now on it’s the only one I’m going to use,” she promises quietly. Fresh tears course down his long face, wetting her fingers. “Don’t be afraid,” Rey says, mirroring his own words back at him. “I feel it too.” Witnessing weakness from him, seeing his humanity, has dulled her hatred for this man. She doesn’t want to invade his mind again. Just the thought of it makes her skin crawl. “You can’t do it, can you?” he asks. Ben sounds confident now, determined and prideful, despite the fact that he’s still restrained, remains a prisoner, and just cried into her palms. “No,” Rey says. “I can’t.” She stands, wipes her tear-streaked hands on her pants, and says, “You know what’s going to happen if you don’t talk to me.” If Rey had her way, no one would touch him. She disapproves of torture, no matter how valuable the victim’s information or how terrible his crimes. Besides, she expects that trying to pry information out of him will be an exercise in futile abuse. She remembers how relentlessly he fought on Starkiller, pushing through the pain of his wounds. He shrugs, as if the suffering of the body is a small, inconsequential thing. “I guarantee that your interrogators aren’t half as ruthless as the Supreme Leader’s. There’s nothing they can do to me that hasn’t already been done.” “Snoke—he, are you saying he had you tortured?” Rey asks. “My mother is Leia Organa, the Resistance’s general, and my uncle is Luke Skywalker, last of the Jedi; of course he had me questioned,” Ben says. “Any intelligent leader would have done the same.” Rey can’t begin to dissect the nature of his thinking, it’s so foreign and so strange to her. When she turns toward the door, he asks, “Where are you going?” There’s a familiar note in his voice, and now she recognizes it for what it is: desperation framed in aggression. She leaves Ben, reports to the general, and admits that she was unable to draw any useful information from him. Leia’s shoulders slump, and Rey can see the weight settling on her at the thought of what must come next: ordering the sharp interrogation of her only child. “Don’t do it,” Rey says. “If you have him tortured you won’t be able to forgive yourself and we’ll never make an ally out of him.” Leia looks up, a gentle optimism kindling in her expression. “You think he still has good in him?” “I’m not sure,” Rey says, hesitant to give Leia false hope, “but I do know this; torturing him would do nothing but hurt him pointlessly. He’s not going to talk until he wants to. Treating him with kindness is the only way we might sway him back to the light.” Leia puts her head in her hands, nods. “I couldn’t have done it anyway,” she says. “Thank you for giving me a reason.” That night, Rey sits up in bed, afraid of what dreams might come if she lies down and closes her eyes. Perhaps she’ll see Ben’s tear-stained face, twisted in agony over the half-buried memories she forced to the forefront of his mind. Or maybe she’ll feel the rough fabric of a blood-stained blanket beneath her back and wake, sick to her stomach and sobbing. Rey doesn’t know what to do with herself. She masquerades as a strong woman, but the truth is that she’s like a rag doll made up of unwanted pieces, a patchwork girl just barely stitched together. The slightest strain on her seams and she’ll fall apart. Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The Supreme Leader is wise, but Kylo Ren finds within a week under Snoke’s tutelage that wisdom does not always beget kindness. First Order soldiers restrain him and question him about his mother and father, about Master Luke. He gives up everything regarding his uncle easily enough, but he can’t bring himself to betray his parents the same way. When his answers fail to satisfy the stormtroopers they hurt him. First with their hands, then with blunt batons, and finally with needles that dig deep into his skin and send shocks of electricity throughout his body. It’s the last that breaks him; he confesses what little he knows, and when this still isn’t enough to keep the pain at bay, he makes up stories, lies through his teeth, anything to stop the torture. Two days later, as he lies in a bed in the medbay, Ren cries like a boy by another name and thinks, What have I done? This was a mistake, but it’s too late to go back now. He’s already killed for Snoke, helped the other Knights slaughter his fellow initiates and Padawans, destroying the new Jedi order his uncle had worked so hard to rebuild. He tries not to think about that, the scents of rain and blood and cauterized flesh, how his lightsaber thrummed in his hand as he cut down his comrades. He’s summoned to appear before the Supreme Leader the day he leaves the medbay. Stormtroopers escort him to an audience chamber where he finds Snoke sitting alone in the shadows. Some ominous presence ripples through the Force around him, a darkness deeper than any Ren has ever felt. The Supreme Leader is a skeletal man, scarred and twisted and bent, but still tall and intimidating for all the suffering he bears so visibly on his face. When he speaks, Ren recognizes that this is the voice that seduced him from afar. Appearing in his dreams, haunting his every step for years, promising power, acceptance, a true family. Now Snoke puts his hand in Ren’s hair, pets him, and says, “I’m sorry that we had to question you, but it was an unfortunate necessity. You’re strong, though—stronger than you understand yet, Kylo Ren.” He says nothing, unsure of how to react to gentleness coming from this man. “You think you’ve made a mistake. You regret forsaking the light,” Snoke says smoothly, confidently, but without judgement. “You always doubt, don’t you, Ren? You’re never sure if you can trust yourself, whether your choices are sound, are right.” “Yes, Supreme Leader,” Ren whispers, and he feels a warm flush coloring his cheeks, embarrassed at being read so easily. “There’s no need to worry about such things further,” Snoke promises. “From now on, you are an instrument of my will. Your hand is mine, moving in the world, carrying out my orders.” This tempts him, but Ren isn’t eager to exchange his freedom for power and peace of mind. Perhaps if he could find some way off of this base, Mother would still forgive him… “You have no mother, no father. Ben Solo was the son of Han and Leia, but Ben Solo is dead. You killed him the moment you took up your lightsaber against the other Jedi,” Snoke says. He cups Ren’s chin, lifts his face upward, and smiles down at him softly, almost benevolently. “Even if I were to let you leave, where would you go? Who in the whole of this galaxy would welcome you, besides me?” No one , Ren realizes. No one at all . “Stand,” Snoke says, and he rises to his feet. The Supreme Leader cups his face in his hands, and all at once he feels overwhelmed by a rush of cold. It’s the darkness, emanating from Snoke, so strong that Ren could almost choke on it. But there’s something cleansing about standing in the presence of such power. It’s like being drowned in a wave of freezing water and then coming up for air, washed and reborn anew. A dozen armed Resistance fighters release Ren from his restraints and shepherd him to a larger cell that boasts a bed, a toilet, and a shower. He considers Force choking a few of the soldiers, just for the sake of giving the general a mess to handle, but he doesn’t especially feel like being shot today. The cot’s mattress feels like it’s made of duracrete, he has no blanket, and the cell’s bright lights never dim. Still, he sleeps for a few hours, too exhausted to care about any of this. Ren waits for the interrogators to come and tries to prepare himself for torture. He isn’t a fifteen-year-old child anymore. Now he knows how to tolerate pain—he had to learn, with Snoke for a master. He understands how to channel his suffering into power instead of allowing it to cripple him. But no one questions him again. No one visits him at all for days, except to bring him simple meals and clean clothes. He makes a half-dozen plans for escaping, but each one seems less plausible than the last. He may have to wait for a good opportunity to present itself. Until then, Ren remains bored and lonely. He has only one distraction, a warm presence in the Force, a blue light that he can sense flitting across the Resistance base. Rey. He’s felt her for the last year, if distantly, with so many stars scattered between the two of them, so subtle that it would be easy to overlook. But ever since she read his mind her vibrant energy is too powerful to miss. He’s aware of her, every hour of every day, and sometimes he can even feel a trace of her emotions: joy, worry, frustration, fear, guilt. He’s showering when he hears the metal door open. Ren rinses himself, turns off the water, and looks over his shoulder at Rey. He knew it was her, could feel her presence as she made her way across the base, then down ten levels to his cell. Now she’s staring pointedly at the tiles beneath her feet. He steps out of the transparisteel stall, wraps a towel around his waist, and asks, “So, when are the interrogators coming?” Her gaze flicks away from the floor, but instead of meeting his eyes, she looks him up and down. Rey blushes, a pretty pinkness that colors her cheeks, and her lips part just a little, like she means to say something but can’t find her words. It strikes him, then, just how young she is. No more than twenty, he’d guess. Ren wonders if she’s ever seen a naked man before. Rey shakes her head a little, as if to clear it, and says, “They’re not.” “So you’re here to probe my mind?” he asks. Rey wraps her arms around her middle. “No. I’m never doing that again.” “Then what do you want with me?” “I—I don’t know,” she says. “That’s a lie. You do, but you don’t want to tell me.” Ren leans against the cold, durasteel wall and waits for her to speak. Rey takes a step forward, a step closer to him, but she pulls back. “I can sense you now,” she admits. “Your presence in the Force, even your feelings.” “I know,” he says, crossing his arms over his chest. “That goes both ways.” “Well what is it? And how do we get rid of it?” Rey asks. “You could have talked to Luke about this, but I imagine you were too ashamed to tell my uncle,” Ren says. “Is that about right?” Rey scowls. “Just answer the question.” “I believe it’s a Force bond. Which used to be common between Jedi masters and their apprentices.” He can’t help but smirk at her. “Maybe the universe is trying to tell you something, Rey.” “I don’t want the kind of guidance you have to offer,” she says dismissively. “I don’t want anything to do with you.” Ren walks toward her, and in just three strides he’s closed most of the space between them. “You wouldn’t be here if that was true.” Rey tenses, poised like a bird ready to take flight, but she doesn’t step backward. She’s too proud for that, he expects. Her gaze drops from his face to his shoulders, his waist, and lingers before flitting away. He can feel her reaction to his body, the spark of desire that strikes her, unwelcome and overwhelming. She wants him, and Ren is so surprised by this realization that he reaches out, wanting to touch her, to make this connection between them tactile. Rey lets him cup her cheek, but she turns her face into his hand, eyes closed, like she’s trying to conceal herself from him. “You can’t hide,” he says quietly. “I feel what you feel.” Rey steps away from him, breaking contact. She hurries to the exit, puts her thumb against the print-reader, and the door opens a moment later. He catches the sight of a half-dozen uniformed guards before the door slams closed after her. The sound of metal on duracrete echoes around his cell for a heartbeat, emphasizing the silence that widens in its wake. Ren hates being trapped like an animal in a cage for endless days that run into one another, unchanging and empty. He’s used to solitude, but not total isolation, and the monotony of being sequestered like this for weeks is driving him mad. There’s little enough in his cell that isn’t bolted to the ground, but in a fit of frustration he uses the Force to rip his cot from the floor and hurl it at the wall. The noise attracts his guards, who make the mistake of opening the door and pointing their blasters at him. He Force chokes three of them at once, then freezers the laser shot of the fourth. Ren injures nine guards in his escape attempt, but he makes it no further than the eighth floor before he’s overwhelmed by Resistance soldiers. It’s FN-2187 who hits him in the temple with the butt of his blaster, knocking him out. He comes to with a pounding headache, the whole right side of his face throbbing and tender, on a hard cot in a new cell. Now his hands are cuffed, bound together by cold durasteel manacles that bite into his wrists. He wants to scream, to destroy everything in this room, but he knows it would do him no good. So instead, Ren turns on his side, facing the wall, curls into himself, and tries to sleep. He dreams of Han Solo, his roguish face grown old and grey, but still so vibrant—until the lightsaber ignited in his hands and extinguished his father’s life. Ren wakes, shaking and slicked with sweat, his arms aching from the weight of the handcuffs on his wrists. All he can see is red and all he can smell is the scent of burning flesh and blood. He feels the weight of this, his worst deed, heavy in his bones, sinking like a stone in his stomach. What was the point? Killing Han Solo was supposed to make him stronger, to free him from the yoke of the light. But now he’s a true prisoner, surrounded by enemies, too weak to break his way out, and Ren can’t help but hate himself for making such a great sacrifice. He half hopes that his disastrous attempt at fleeing will inspire the general to have him executed. Death would be preferable to this lonely life, to a secluded existence that gives him no relief from the memory of his mistakes. He holds out no hope that the Supreme Leader will send a rescue party. Snoke values power above all else, and if Ren is too weak to see after himself, then his master no longer has any use for him. This hurts in its own way, to have his loyal service and dedication so summarily dismissed. The Supreme Leader may be cruel, but he gave him the sort of attention and approval that Ben Solo had always craved from his family—craved, but rarely received. He stands and paces his cell, thinking about Snoke. The man who raised him out of boyhood and taught him how to harness the darkness inside of himself. Whose tutelage made training into bitter work full of pain, whose guidance molded him into the man he’s become. Snoke’s voice seduced him away from his family, away from the ever-elusive light, and Ren has grown used to its presence, commanding and directing him for thirty years. But now he hears nothing from the Supreme Leader. There’s only silence, as wide as the light years separating him from Snoke, and he knows that his master has abandoned him. The general visits him three days after his escape attempt. This time she comes without Rey, but she’s accompanied by so many armed soldiers that Ren doesn’t even bother to count them all. He recognizes one as Poe Dameron, the truculent pilot he interrogated aboard Hux’s ship. Dameron glares at him, but he says nothing. Ren stands, and the general looks at his chafed wrists, reddened and bruised by the manacles, with something like motherly concern coloring her brown eyes. She turns to the tallest of her soldiers, holds out her hand, and says, “The key.” The man frowns, but he gives her a slender pin, which she uses to unlock the cuffs binding Ren’s wrists. Then she takes his hands in hers, and he stiffens at her touch. She’s grown older in the years since he last saw her, but no less beautiful, no less regal, and the softness with which she still looks at him makes Ren feel like a boy again. Somehow, she still wants to believe that there’s light in him, even after all he’s done, and the weight of her hope makes him sick to his stomach, because she’s wrong. He murdered the last of his own goodness along with Han Solo, destroyed any chance of absolution when he took his father’s life. It was all for nothing, though, because far from making him stronger, Ren was weakened by his choice. And now he stands imprisoned in a Resistance cell, left for dead by the master he sacrificed everything for. “Leave us,” she says to her entourage. Dameron steps forward. “But General Organa, he’s too dangerous to—” “That was an order, Poe, not a request,” she says sharply. The soldiers file out of the cell, Dameron clearly reluctant but too loyal to fight further, and Ren can’t help but respect the obedience she inspires in her troops. Once they’re alone, the general reaches up and holds his cheeks between her hands. Her eyes brighten with tears as she traces the edge of his scar with her thumb. “Oh, Ben,” she whispers, her husky voice roughened by despair. “Why did you do it?” There’s only one thing his mother can mean, and Ben has to close his eyes to shut out the sight of her beloved face twisted with grief. His parents always loved as fiercely as they fought, and in a single moment of selfish desperation on Starkiller, he stole her husband from her. “I can’t be what you want me to be,” he says, pulling away from her touch. She shakes her head. “You’re wrong. You can still be a good man. I know it.” “Is this the part where you compel me to talk? To betray the Supreme Leader?” Ren asks. The general scowls and holds out her hands. “Why protect Snoke when he’s done nothing to help you? You were never anything but a tool to him. A source of power to exploit for his own ends. And now that we have you, now that you’re no longer useful, he’s cutting his losses.” He can see the truth of this easily enough, but it doesn’t matter what he means to Snoke, because the Supreme Leader told him from the beginning that he was simply an instrument. “I want to help you, Ben, but I can’t free you as long as you’re a risk to my people,” the general says. “Cooperate with us. Redeem yourself.” Her offer is as tempting as any he’s ever known, but he can’t accept it. Ren grips his aching wrist, strong fingers biting into the bruised flesh, and the sharp pain of it centers him, calms him, and gives him the strength to say, “No.” She nods, then leaves him alone in his cell. Once she’s gone, he sits on the edge of his cot, head in his hands, and rocks back and forth, back and forth, his breathing shallow and staggered. He’s given everything to the Supreme Leader, and if he betrays him now it will all have been in vain. What does it matter that Snoke only saw him as a means to an end? Ren has never been fit for anything more than being used. He’s known this since he was a child, and it’s as true now as it was then. Notes: Once again, I have to thank the glorious Reylo garbage goddess ReyloTrashCompactor for reading this and giving me all kinds of encouragement! Also, thank you to everyone who’s been commenting on this story and leaving kudos. It’s so appreciated. :D Chapter 3 Rey can’t sleep. She lies in bed, her own loneliness and Ben’s restlessness keeping her awake. She can sense him, a cold presence in the Force, pulsing with every beat of his heart. His pain is sharp, his guilt suffocating, and she closes her eyes against feelings not her own. She gets out of bed, dresses, and heads downstairs. Flashes her security clearance card at the guards and presses her thumb to the print-scanners. Rey hesitates when she reaches the door to his cell. With so little space separating them, she can feel Ben strongly now. Senses the hope and interest that flares within him when he realizes she’s come to see him. Rey opens the door and steps inside the clinical, colorless cell, so spare and spartan, brightened by white lights. She can’t help but remember the last time she visited Ben. How she saw him naked, his strong body damp from a shower. Every inch of him was beautiful: his powerful shoulders, lean stomach, long legs. Just thinking of that sight makes her shift where she stands, suddenly uneasy. He’s pacing his cell, that commanding stride of his made purposeless by confinement. “I need you to go to sleep,” Rey says. “I can’t rest with you awake and worrying yourself sick.” “Don’t you think I would if I could?” he asks sharply. “You know what you have to do; you just don’t want to do it.” Rey takes a wary step toward him, then another, carefully closing the space between them. “Cooperate with us and you can bargain for your freedom.” He stands still, lets her invade his personal space, wary but wanting. A scant few inches separates them now, and Rey feels a confusing mix of his emotions and hers, made more prominent by their proximity. She touches his chest, presses her hand to his heart and savors its rapid beat against her palm. Ben’s breathing grows staggered, and she can sense him weakening. Rey knows with a strange sort of certainty that it’s tenderness, not brutality, that might break him. This is why she stands up on the tips of her toes and kisses his neck. It has nothing to do with her own want, she tells herself. It’s strategy, not yearning, that drives her to taste his fragile pulse point, to suck at the sensitive skin of his throat until he gasps. “ Please ,” he begs, but Rey doesn’t know whether he’s asking her to stop or keep going. She slips a hand underneath his grey shirt, splays her fingers across his stomach, and marvels at the heat of him. Plays with the coarse hair below his navel, then follows the trail of it down to the hem of his pants. Ben bucks against her, panting. “You’re crueler than I realized,” he whimpers. He’s such a beautiful wreck, cheeks flushed and lips parted, shivering under her hands. What a mess she’s made of him with so little effort. Rey touches his thigh and finds him hard, cock straining against the fabric of his pants. For a moment she feels a surge of power and a warmth low in her belly that’s startlingly similar to lust. But then she remembers what it actually feels like to have a man inside of her, and before she can push it away, she’s remembering a cold night on the outskirts of Niima Outpost: the bruising strength of that scavenger’s fingers digging into her hips, his rough thrusts and heavy breathing, the white stars looking down on the violation of her body like a thousand unforgiving eyes. Rey scrambles away from Ben on unsteady legs and asks, “Are you going to talk or not?” He gazes at her with such undisguised desire that it thrills and frightens her. “No,” he says. Maybe he means to sound defiant, but all Rey hears is breathless brokenness in that one word. She leaves, hurries from the cell before she does something foolish. Once two floors and a dozen doors stand between them, Rey rests against the wall of a disused room and beats her fist against the duracrete. What’s wrong with her? She put her hands on that monster. Kissed his neck and caressed his stomach. Made him hard and enjoyed doing it. If she hadn’t been so forcefully reminded of the man she sold herself to back on Jakku, she doesn’t know what she might have done. Now Rey shifts, uncomfortable, because her sex throbs with want. She feels too guilty to ease the ache with her own fingers, but she’s wet between her legs, wet for Ben . She finds herself whispering his name aloud, just for the simple pleasure of tasting it again. Rey keeps away from Ben, but she still feels him in the Force with relentless awareness. No matter how she tries to clear her mind, to meditate or focus mindfully on a task the way Luke taught her, she can’t stop sensing his mercurial moods, his roiling emotions. He’s like a live wire, charged with energy, as dangerous as he is powerful. She resists for a full week before returning to his cell. It’s the middle of the day this time—not that it much matters ten levels below ground, in a windowless room brightened by lights that never dim. Rey wonders how he keeps time down here, or if he even bothers. Ben stirs from sleep when the metal door slides open—she knows because she can feel his presence blooming into wakefulness—but he doesn’t turn over to face her. Just remains settled on his side, those long legs of his curled up in an incongruously childlike manner. He’s a bit too big for the cot that’s been given to him, and Rey can’t help but notice the other petty cruelties that have been built into this cell. The toilet and shower shielded only by transparisteel stalls, no doubt meant to shame this prideful man. How the air stays too cold for comfort, while his stiff mattress is relieved by neither a blanket nor a pillow. And, of course, the stark whiteness of the ever-brightened lights, chasing away any hope for restful sleep. Rey approaches him, says his name. Ben keeps quiet and still, even though he must know that he can’t feign sleep. Not with her. She touches his shoulder, and at the contact he stiffens. “Come to taunt me again?” he asks, still facing the wall. “I’m tired of this,” Rey says. “I want you out of my head.” Out of my heart . Ben finally sits up, faces her. He sets his feet on the floor, long legs on either side of her, and before she can step away, he wraps a strong arm around her waist, holding her in place. “You always come alone,” he says. “Even the general brings an entourage when she visits. But not you.” It’s difficult to focus on his words when she can feel his fingers slipping beneath her shirt, caressing her back. “I don’t need protection from you,” she says. “You’re right,” he whispers. “You don’t.” Ben rests his head on her chest, his cheek pressed to her softness, and she knows he can feel the racing beat of her heart. Rey runs her fingers through his thick hair, cradles him against her breast. He holds her between his hands, his thumbs teasing the crests of her hipbones, his fingers splayed across her bottom. Maybe the intimacy of this embrace ought to frighten her, but it doesn’t. She already feels the inner workings of his heart, every moment of every day, and what could be more intimate than that? Leia must know about Rey’s visits to her son’s cell, but the general doesn’t remark upon it. She’s thankful for this, because she doesn’t know how she might explain her daily treks to the bottom floor of the base. How she could justify spending hours at a time with Ben in the middle of the night, talking, kissing, simply holding one another close. She still tries to convince him to cooperate with the Resistance, but this is no longer the purpose of her visits. Now it’s the selfish desire to feel his arms around her that drives her to his cell. Tonight, she’s beneath him on his hard cot, because there isn’t room for them to lie side by side. Ben kisses her neck, his full lips soft and teasing. She’s still startled by how gentle he can be, this man who’s known throughout the galaxy for his violence. Rey wraps her legs around his waist, runs her hands beneath his shirt, feeling the strength of his broad back. Ben’s mouth wanders lower, sucks at the curve of her breast until a red bruise blushes on her sensitive skin. She should chastise him for marking her, but Rey can’t bring herself to do it. He has no influence beyond the confines of this cell, and she can’t blame him for wanting her to carry some evidence of their embraces into the outside world. “Rey,” he murmurs, his breath hot against her. “I want you.” There’s no mistaking his meaning, not with his cock pressing hard between her legs. This isn’t how she’d prefer it to be, with Ben dressed in prisoner’s grey, on a bed too small and stiff for comfort, those damned lights so bright and exposing. But Rey wants him too, and she’s tired of waiting. She pulls her shirt over her head, then her bra. The cold air makes her nipples harden, and goose flesh stipples her skin, but somehow she’s still flushed, feverish with need. Ben pulls her pants over her hips, down her legs, then off of her. Hooks his fingers beneath the fabric of her plain underwear and asks, “Can I?” Rey nods, takes a deep breath, and lets him remove her panties. She’s utterly naked beneath a clothed man for the second time in her life, and memories of her last encounter are too close at hand for her to relax. She looks at Ben, at his scarred face, still so handsome, to remind herself of where she is and who she’s with. He puts a hand between her legs and caresses her, his large fingers rubbing slow circles on her sex, sending shocks of pleasure through her with every touch. Rey whimpers and bucks up against him, needing more, needing everything he can give. She pulls at his shirt, clawing it over his head, forcing him to stop touching her to take it off. Ben throws it to the floor, impatience and frustration showing in his sharp movements, and pushes his pants and underwear down to his knees, baring himself to her. Rey opens her legs wider, unconcerned with how desperate it makes her look, how lewd. His dark eyes rove over her body, drinking in the sight of her splayed before him, and she has to close her eyes against the passion in that knowing look. Then he’s settling on top of her, between her legs, guiding his cock to her wet sex. It hurts, if not as badly as the first time. He thrusts into her, going slowly and carefully, but it doesn’t matter. She feels stretched to her limit, tender and aching. Still needful, but her desire is overwhelmed by discomfort. His body is so big and broad that Rey feels trapped beneath him, unable to breathe, just like before. She gasps, claws at his back, panicked, because suddenly she tastes blood on the back of her tongue, and the coldness of this cell feels just like the night air on Jakku. Ben pulls out of her, but not away, holds her tear-streaked face between his hands and makes soothing noises. “It’s all right,” he says. “You’re all right.” He presses gentle kisses to her forehead, her cheeks, and something about the softness of these touches calms her. She’s still crying, her breath coming short and staggered, but she’s more aware of her surroundings, of the man on top of her. “Rey,” he whispers, his big hands skimming down her arms, like he’s afraid of holding on to her too tightly. “What’s wrong?” I’m ruined , she thinks. And she has nobody to blame for it but herself. Rey spends most of the next day in bed. She has no missions, no on-base assignments or meetings, so she curls up under the thick covers and sleeps. When she can’t rest any longer, she lies on her stomach and wills herself to think of nothing. It doesn’t work, of course. She recalls her brief, disastrous coupling with Ben all too well and hides herself further beneath her blankets, as if that can keep him away. But he must feel her regret, her shame, because Rey can sense his own anxiety and self-loathing with sharp, cloying intimacy. She’s tempted to visit Ben, to explain that he did nothing wrong—because she can tell that he’s furious with himself, certain he did something to hurt her—but cowardice keeps her from relieving his worries. Rey doesn’t want to tell him that she sold herself, that she bargained her virginity for the low price of eight portions, and now she can barely be touched without thinking about it. Hunger drives her out of bed for breakfast the next day, and that’s when she hears about the upcoming meeting: a council of the highest-ranking Resistance officers will vote on what to do with the general’s son. He’s been an uncooperative prisoner for months now, refusing to share a shred of information. If he won’t give them anything useful, why should they keep such a war criminal alive? Rey is invited to the meeting. She and Luke are the last remaining remnants of the Jedi Order, and their words carry weight. She wonders what her master will say, if anything. Three days later, Leia seats herself at the head of the table in the war room. She invites Luke to settle at her right, Rey to her left. At the opposing end sits Lieutenant General Heli Tsann—a grave, middle-aged man who’s been vocal about the gentle treatment of Kylo Ren since he was captured. First he advocated for torture, now he seeks capital punishment. Many of the officers in the room sympathize with this way of thinking, but just how many, Rey isn’t sure. Tsann introduces himself—as if anyone needs a reminder of his name or rank—then says, “The man who calls himself Kylo Ren has been a prisoner of the Resistance for four months now, and in this time he hasn’t volunteered so much as a single piece of information on the First Order, his master Snoke, or the Knights of Ren. I propose that, unless he agrees to cooperate with us, he should face execution for his many crimes.” Easily a third of the officers nod their heads and make agreeable noises, like an assenting flock. “What about a trial?” Leia asks. “My son is entitled to that much.” “Your son is gone, Leia,” Tsann says, not ungently. “And Kylo Ren is entitled to nothing. A trial would be a waste of time, when half the galaxy has borne witness to his crimes.” “It’s not as if he denies what he’s done,” says Colonel Junoh. “Nor even forsakes his master.” “He’s no use to us dead,” Rey says, hoping that a practical appeal might speak to the undecided amongst the officers. “Time may yet break his resolve, and if he cooperates, he could be a font of information on the enemy. Is vengeance worth losing that edge?” Tsann smirks at her. “Is that truly your concern? Or is your interest of a more personal nature?” “Excuse me?” Rey asks, even though she knows what’s coming. “It’s no secret that you’ve visited Kylo Ren more than anyone else—far more, even, than his own mother,” Tsann says lightly. “Before you deny it, keep in mind that we have records from the print-scanners that prove the truth.” “I wouldn’t think to deny it,” Rey says, sitting up straighter. “Ben isn’t the man you believe him to be—” “ Ben ?” asks Junoh, frowning. The lines that bracket her mouth deepen, making her look older. “That’s awfully familiar.” Rey feels herself flush, and she knows she isn’t doing well. That a man’s life hinges on her ability to convince these people, but she’s always been a woman of action, not words. “It’s his name, Junoh,” Leia says evenly. “I ought to know; I gave it to him. So let’s not fault Rey for using it.” “His name is a moot point,” Tsann says. “Unless anyone else plans to speak on Ren’s behalf, I suggest we take this to a vote.” Rey looks across the table at her master. She meets Luke’s weary, blue eyes, willing him to speak. For Leia, if not for his nephew. “Ben was a child when Snoke stole him from us,” Luke says. “A boy who struggled against the dark, but just a boy nonetheless. My failings as a teacher have brought us here, as much as anything else—save Ben’s own poor choices—and knowing this, I can’t in good conscience condone his death.” Tsann nods and says, “Thank you for your words, Master Skywalker.” Then comes the vote, a tally of raised hands, and the result is as simple and straightforward as it is horrific: thirteen to nine, the majority in favor of executing Kylo Ren. Notes: To be clear, I have no problem with sex work, as long as it’s done in a way that keeps workers as safe and healthy as possible. However, I would be remiss if I didn’t mention that I know someone who was a full-service sex worker for many years, and over the course of this time she suffered a great deal of trauma, including rape and physical assault. Undoubtedly her experience has colored my approach to Rey’s situation in this story. I hope I’ve handled this issue sensitively so far, and that it’s clear that I don’t believe Rey’s situation is representative of all sex work in general. I am so sincerely thankful that ReyloTrashCompactor took the time to read the original draft of this chapter, which was trashy (no, not in the fun, ironic way), and that she helped me craft it into this! You are the best writing buddy I could ever have imagined, and I can’t wait to see what you come up with next. (If you haven’t read her fics, you really need to. They’re beyond awesome!)