First Rey had fallen head over heels for someone that she’d hardly shared more than a passing word with, and Finn was completely on board with it. Rey was laying on Finn’s bed with him, who was doodling in a sketchbook that Poe had gotten for him. She was playing around with the lightsaber (even though Master Luke told her that it was not a toy, it was a weapon) and admiring the way it seemed as though it connected with her. “Have you seen that lady pilot around the base? You know, the one who hangs out with Poe?” Rey set down the lightsaber and turned towards Finn. “No, but you talk about her all the time.” He looked up from his sketch with a smile. Rey stuck her tongue out at him. “Well, you talk about Poe all the time!” Finn just smiled and gazed off. “Yeah . . .” “See!” Rey laughed. “You’re worse than me!” “Fine, fine, you got me there.” Finn rolled his eyes and turned back to his sketchbook for a moment. Rey bit her lip, still thinking about this beautiful lady pilot until Finn said, “Why don’t you just go up and talk to her?” “What? No, I can’t do that, have you seen her!” Finn put his book back down again and excitedly said, “But you have to talk to her! She’s probably into you just as much as you are.” “But I can’t! She’s so confident and beautiful and what would she ever do with me?” Before Finn could reply, Rey was talking again. “And she is such a great pilot, almost as good as Poe! Hey, don’t give me that look, I said almost. Oh! And also, she’s got these really pretty eyes and her smile is completely gorgeous, it’s like her entire face lights up- I mean, there was no one like her on Jakku, although there weren’t a lot of people on Jakku that were like you guys.” “You’ve barely met her!” Finn rolled his eyes. “But she’s so interesting!” Rey collapsed back onto the bed with her hands behind her head. “Okay, you’re going-” Finn was cut off as a knock sounded on the door, shortly followed by General Leia’s face. “The pilots just got back from their mission,” she informed them with a sly smile. Rey knew that (besides BB-8) General Leia was the biggest supporter of their relationship. Finn sprang up immediately and was out the door before Rey could even get up and she found herself laughing with General Leia. “I don’t know what I’m going to do with those two.” Her eyes crinkled around the edges while she smiled, and Rey followed her into the hanger. Poe already had an arm wrapped around Finn’s waist and was talking to the lady pilot. Rey’s heart melted at the sight. Here she was, just a few yards away from this person she’d been fantasizing about, and it felt so natural, like she was in the presence of a friend. All of a sudden, she was not-so-lightly pushed forward, right into the arms of the beautiful lady pilot. “Oh, I’m so sorry!” Rey, ever so slightly reluctant, pushed her way out of the lady pilot’s arms and laughed uncomfortably. “It’s okay.” She looked at Rey and smiled and she felt her heart burst. “You’re Rey, aren’t you? I don’t believe we’ve met yet, but this guy over here,” She smiled and pointed a thumb to Poe, “is always going on and on about you. That is, when he’s not talking about Finn. I’m Jessika, Jessika Pava, by the way.” “It’s great to meet you. I’ve heard a lot about you, too.” Rey smiled back. “Oh no, what has Poe been saying about me?” Jessika laughed. “Only good things, I promise.” It was then that Finn whispered something into Poe’s ear. “We’re going to go,” Poe said suddenly, already inching away with Finn in tow. “We’ll see you guys around later.” Jessika rolled her eyes at the two and turned back to Rey. “I was going to grab lunch with Poe, but it looks like he’s all tied up. Maybe you’d like to grab a bite instead?” “Yeah, I think I’d like that a lot.” “Come on then!” Jessika reached out her hand and Rey grabbed it with the biggest smile on her face. Rey had no idea that Jessika was even better in person. Chapter 2 : Watching [Sansa Stark/Margaery Tyrell] Sansa Stark spied Margaery Tyrell long before Margaery had ever noticed her, but in her defense, everyone did. Margaery was certainly a beauty, with her slender hourglass frame and kind face. What Sansa loved most was her quirky smile and the way she seemed to express grace and life in every subtle movement of her flawless body. To put it shortly, Sansa was absolutely positively head-over-heels in love with soon-to-be Queen Margaery Tyrell. Of course Sansa knew that she was betrothed to Joffrey, but that didn’t stop her from being drawn to the future Queen. Sansa often sat or walked in the gardens where Margaery usually was, and was always eagerly awaiting a soft word or a gentle smile. Perhaps, Sansa thought one afternoon, she was being insane with her love for Margaery, but then she would Margaery would sit with her and talk when she had a spare moment and Sansa was head-over-heels all over again. One particular day, however, Margaery came up to Sansa and asked her to come sit with her in a part of the gardens that Sansa didn’t frequent. Sansa trailed right behind her skirts, shocked that Margaery, the great, beautiful, fantastic Margaery, had actually asked her to come sit with her. Sansa sat down next to her on a stone bench surrounded by tall bushes of red roses, and was waiting, rather anxiously, for Margaery to say something. “You often seem to be alone in the gardens, Sansa.” Margaery noted. Sansa wrung her hands together, awfully nervous to be talking to her. “Yes.” Sansa answered quietly. “Perhaps you could join me on walks in the garden from time to time.” Margaery suggested, and with those simple words Sansa’s heart practically leaped out of her chest. “Instead of watching me, of course.” Margaery smirked. Sansa looked down shyly at her lap, that heart which had just leaped now quickly sinking. “Don’t fret, dear Sansa, I know you mean no harm.” Margaery’s hand extended, wrapping hers around the younger girl’s pale white hand. She squeezed Margaery’s hand lightly, and her heart was jumping all over the place. Margaery rose, with her hand still enveloped in Sansa’s. “Come for a walk with me?” Margaery asked. Sansa smiled for the first time that day. “Of course.” Chapter 3 : Holding Hands [Allison Argent/Lydia Martin (Teen Wolf)] Summary: in which lydia and allison are too stubborn to actually admit their feelings for each other or 'who cracks first?' It really didn’t matter how much Lydia wanted to grab Allison and kiss her passionately, because if Allison wouldn’t admit to her feelings, than Lydia wouldn’t either. Lydia stalked down the halls in her black heels, paying attention to no one and no thing, especially not a certain girl named Allison Argent. Instead, she completely avoided Allison’s eyes and made her way to her Physics class. As soon as Allison saw Lydia completely avoiding her gaze, she stopped and leaned against the lockers, smiling as she watched her walk down the halls. She knew that Lydia was completely avoiding her feelings for her, and was patiently biding her time. The next day Lydia slowed down while walking past Allison, obviously for no particular reason whatsoever. Allison outright grinned and even waved at Lydia, who pretended not to notice. She continued to her next class with a sight spring in her step after that encounter. It was only two days later that Lydia spared a quick glance at Allison before continuing on her way, to which Allison winked suggestively. Lydia pretended she didn’t notice. The next few days carried on as usual, much to the annoyance of Lydia and the amusement of Allison. Every day Lydia strayed closer and closer to her, but never got too close. She was stubborn like that, and was definitely not going to make the first move. So, that left it up to Allison. She noticed the way Lydia looked at her from time to time, and she knew how she felt. But, she knew Lydia. It could take days, even weeks for Lydia to get over her stubbornness, and Allison was ever so slightly impatient. Allison had finally decided to take matters into her own hands. She stalked up to Lydia, but before she could open her mouth Lydia gripped her hand tightly and continued walking down the hallway. Allison was more shocked than anything else, but when Lydia squeezed her hand she smiled and squeezed back. Chapter 4 : Date Night [Clarke/Lexa (The 100)] Summary: It's Clarke and Lexa's six-month anniversary so Lexa takes Clarke out on a date night “Shit, what am I going to wear?” Clarke paced the room, deciding to go through her closet one more time even though she’d already looked there twice. “Clarke, relax.” Bellamy told her. “You don’t have to look perfect.” “Yes, but I do! This is our six-month anniversary, and I have to look nice for it.” “You know that no matter how you look Lexa will still want to date you.” Bellamy then smirked. “Well, she probably will, I mean, we all have our standards.” Clarke threw a pillow at him, which he (much to Clarke’s annoyance) caught perfectly. She glared at him for a brief moment before she anxiously turned back to her pacing. “Look, just wear a dress, alright? Either way you’re going to look gorgeous.” “Yeah, it’s just that this is important to me and-” “Clarke.” She looked up back up at him and bit her lip in apprehension. “You’re going to be fine. Here-” Bellamy stood up and walked over to the closet. He scanned through it for a few moments before he picked up a dark blue dress. “This’ll be perfect.” “Are you sure?” “Positive.” Bellamy told her confidently. Clarke slipped into the dress and moved on to make-up. Bellamy had to fuss at her for ages before Lexa finally rang the doorbell. This had Clarke sprinting to her front door and opened it to reveal a smiling Lexa. “You ready?” she asked, and Clarke beamed. “I don’t want anything nasty happening between the two of you.” Bellamy said in what he thought was a stern dad voice. “I expect her home by ten o’clock.” “Sure, sir.” Lexa laughed at Bellamy as she slid her hand into Clarke’s. He closed the door and watched Lexa opening the car door for Clarke from the window. “So I was thinking,” Lexa turned to Clarke after she started the car, “that we could go over to out to eat tonight.” Clarke smiled. “Are you gonna treat me like a real lady?” “When have I ever not treated you like a real lady?” “Oh, I can think of something, maybe even something tonight.” She insinuated, and Lexa laughed. “Only if you’re lucky.” Clarke laughed and Lexa pulled onto the street. Lexa tried to sling an arm around Clarke’s shoulder while driving but Clarke was quick to put it right back on the steering wheel. “What, not confident in my driving abilities?” Lexa asked playfully. “Safety first.” Clarke smirked and Lexa rolled her eyes. It was only a few moments before the two arrived at the restaurant and Lexa, like the lady she was, opened the door and extended a hand to her girlfriend. “Why thank you, dear woman.” She laughed in a posh accent. Arm-in-arm the two walked into the restaurant, where Lexa led her straight to the back to a reserved table. Clarke sat down, mostly surprised at how far out of her way Lexa had gone for this. Clarke knew Lexa, and knew that Lexa didn’t go too far out of her way for anybody. It was her way or the highway, it was just part of her leader-like personality. However, she did put other people in front of herself sometimes, like today. Clarke moved close to Lexa in the booth and propped up a menu. “What should we order?” “It’s up to you.” This was a first, Clarke noticed. Usually, Lexa would suggest something to eat (if they were eating together) and Clarke would usually go along with it, but now Lexa was completely handing it over to her. So, Clarke ordered the thing that she knew that they’d both like, and then they ordered seconds, and somehow fit dessert in after that, along with a glass of wine or two for Clarke. You know, fancy high-society stuff that she’d never gotten to experience. Afterwards, the two very stuffed girlfriends made their way back to their car, laughing and smiling the entire time. A few moments later they were back at Lexa’s place. “What are we doing here?” Clarke asked. She’d thought that they were going back to her place, but it seemed as though Lexa had different plans. “Just a little something I have planned.” Lexa said vaguely. Clarke furrowed her eyebrows together, wondering what Lexa could possibly be thinking. “A little something, huh?” Clarke said suggestively. “Not that kind of something.” Lexa said immediately, then backtracked. “Well, maybe later.” Lexa led Clarke into her apartment and took her coat before stalking off into her room. “Where are you going?” “Hold on I’ll be right back!” Lexa shouted back, seeming almost worried. Clarke stood, puzzled, in the middle of the hallway until she saw Lexa rushing back with a tiny box. “What’s this?” she asked as Lexa extended the box. “Just a little something I picked up the other day.” Clarke opened the box to reveal a charm bracelet, already filled out with several different charms. “It’s beautiful!” Clarke smiled and embraced Lexa, nearly letting the charm fall to the floor. “I just thought you needed something special.” Lexa said simply before pulling Clarke to the couch. “Now what are we doing?” Clarke asked, mostly breathless and excited about what else Lexa could have possibly planned. “Movie night? I’ve got your favorites.” Lexa held up a few movies that she knew Clarke loved and if possible, the smile on Clarke’s face got even bigger. “Have I mentioned you’re the best girlfriend I’ve ever had?” Clarke asked, wrapping her arms around Lexa. “I’m the only girlfriend you’ve ever had.” Lexa stated. “Not tr-okay, yeah, you’re right.” She laughed and kissed her with a smile. Lexa was the first to pull away. “Come on, we’ve got movies to watch!” She pulled Clarke onto the couch with her and she snuggled under Lexa’s arm as the first movie began. Knowing Clarke, she was asleep before the movie ended, and so it was Lexa who carried her back to her bed and pulled the covers around the two. When Clarke, half-awake, wrapped her arms around Lexa’s middle, she knew that she’d never been more comfortable. Chapter 5 : Bad Day [Jessica Jones/Trish Walker] Summary: Jessica has a bad day and Trish helps her through it. For however strong she was, there were some days when Jessica just couldn’t get out of bed. After a particularly emotional case coming to a close the night before, it had brought up memories that were still fresh in her mind and once she had finally collapsed onto her bed she hadn’t moved. She drifted between sleep and consciousness, not sure which one was which. The only thing that roused her was the loud annoying buzzing of her phone sometime around midday. Jessica threw it lightly to the other side of the bed, but several more minutes passed and it kept buzzing. At this point, it had to be Trish. Trish is the only one who would do this. It was endearing and annoying at the same time, checking up on her lover all the time, but it was welcome. A moment later she decided to reach for the phone and pressed the green button. She let the phone lie on her ear as Trish’s voice began nonstop at the other end. “I’ve called you five times, why don’t you answer your goddamn phone? I worry about you.” Trish told her, both angry and worrisome. “It was a long night last night, am I not allowed to sleep in?” she mumbled back sarcastically. Trish, who’d known her for so many years, knew instantly from Jess’s tone of voice that today was not a good day. Although, when it to Jessica, ‘good day’ was almost never quite accurate. “I’ll be over in fifteen with some B movies and a tub of ice cream.” she encouraged. “No, no, no, I’ll be fine-” “Yes, yes, yes, I’m coming over.” “I’ll lock you out.” “I have a key.” “I’ll change the locks.” “You do that.” Trish hung up then and Jessica rolled over, figuring that she might as well get some pants on. Sure enough, Trish arrived in fourteen minutes, carrying with her a bag of movies and a grocery bag with two tubs of ice cream in it and stalked straight into Jessica’s bedroom. She flopped down on the lumpy mattress and passed a spoon to her. Jess, in her moment of vulnerability, curled into Trish’s side and took a bite of the ice cream. Trish wrapped her arm around her and pressed a light kiss to the top of Jessica’s head, causing her to sigh against Trish’s chest. Maybe this day wouldn’t turn out so bad after all. Chapter 6 : Storm [Jessika Pava/Rey (Star Wars)] Summary: Rey's never seen a thunderstorm before, and Jessika is more than happy to show her the fun they can have in the rain. The sun was shining brightly in the sky when Rey convinced Jessika to go down to the lake for a picnic. Jessika had immediately said yes, seeing as there was no pilot business to tend to and Master Skywalker had given Rey the day off. Jess had stopped by the kitchens to pick up the food while Rey had pestered Finn and Poe for a blanket (and advice). Finn had happily handed over a picnic blanket while Poe said, “You should probably make out before you eat.” This is where Finn lightly slapped his arm and Rey bit her lip. “You’ll be great, don’t listen to him.” Finn cupped her cheeks and smiled. “Here, go have fun with your girlfriend.” Rey smiled and rushed out of the room with the blanket to the base exit, where she was meeting Jessika. She was already waiting there when she arrived, with a basket tucked an arm. “Shall we?” Jessika asked, extending her hand. Rey grasped it. “We shall.” Together the two made their way down to their private corner of the lake. Well, it wasn’t exactly theirs, as Finn and Poe had found it before them, and had delightfully handed it over to the two after they’d started dating. Rey laid the blanket down and sat down, moving out of the way for Jessika to sit. She wrapped an arm around Rey’s shoulders and was just about to press her lips to hers when she felt a fat raindrop fall on her nose. Rey pulled back almost immediately. “What? What’s this?” Jessika almost laughed. “It’s rain, babe.” “Rain? The water that falls from the sky?” Rey looked up, disgusted. “Yes.” “I…don’t like it.” Rey stated, wiping away the rain that had gathered around her eyes. “Come on, let’s wait it out.” Jessika stood and helped Rey up. The two gathered the blanket and the basket and moved to sit under the trees, where it was drier. “How long will this go on?” Rey asked, her look of disgust fading into something of intrigue. “It depends. It’s pretty light right now, so hopefully only a few minutes.” Jessika was used to answering questions that her girlfriend asked often, and was happy to answer. “Why does it happen?” she asked, ever curious. Before Jessika could answer a crack of lightning split the sky, followed by a thunderous boom. Rey instantly started running towards the base, legitimately terrified. Jessika rushed after her, only catching up to her after she’d nearly made it to the entrance of the base. “What is that?” Rey asked, as soon as she was safely inside the base. “It’s just thunder.” “Just thunder?” Rey gestured to the raining mess outside with an appalled look on her face. “It’s okay, it can’t hurt us.” She told her calmly, and wrapped an arm around Rey’s waist to prove it. “If it was safe we could still be outside, wouldn’t we?” Rey tutted. “We’re inside because we don’t want to get wet.” Rey simply raised her eyebrows at this, but then clung to her girlfriend as another clap of thunder reverberated through the air. “It’s okay.” Jessika wrapped her arms around Rey’s slightly larger frame. In truth, she was mostly amused by Rey’s nervousness over thunder. Rey shifted slightly, just enough so that she could stare at the rain outside with Jessika’s arms still around her. Despite the thunder, Rey enjoyed looking at the rain. “So does it just fall from the sky like that?” Rey asked a little while later, having strayed to the window. “It’s a little more complicated than that, but yes.” Jessika replied. It took a little longer for Rey to respond this time. “You know, we never had anything like this. I mean, there were storms, sandstorms, but there wasn’t rain.” She said the word like it was foreign to her, and, Jessica supposed, it was. Rey never talked much about Jakku or her family. “I know.” Jessika responded, and rubbed comforting circles in the small of Rey’s back. “It’s so . . . alive here.” She said breathlessly, palms and nose pressed up against the window. Jessika smiled. She seemed to have gotten ever slightly more used to it, though she still jumped when a particularly loud thunder clap came out of nowhere. “Come on, let’s go back out.” Jessika extended her hand as soon as the thunder had stopped. Rey looked at her like she had two heads. “What? It’s not thundering anymore.” In truth, Jessika enjoyed the rain. She’d grown up on a rainy planet and even though most of her belongings felt waterlogged half the time, she loved the water. Rey looked skeptical but grasped Jessika’s hand nonetheless. The two made their way back outside and Rey soon found that, though unfamiliar, the rain kissing her skin was not unpleasant. “Look.” Jessika raised her face to the sky and stuck her tongue out, which Rey laughed at. It was a ridiculous sight, seeing her usually composed girlfriend act like a small child. Rey did the same and let the rain drop on her tongue, and she let out a girlish giggle. “See, it’s not so bad.” Jessika told her as they walked back inside. “Alright, it’s not that bad, but it’s still not great.” Chapter 7 : Sharing Clothes [Rebecca Stutter/Lila Stanguard (How to Get Away with Murder)] Summary: Lila finds an old sweatshirt of Rebecca's high school ex-boyfriend's. Rebecca knew it was meant to be the first time she saw Lila wearing one of her sweatshirts. It was shortly after the first time Lila had gone to Rebecca’s room, and had been rooting around in her drawers. “What do you even wear? You definitely have the 2005 emo aesthetic going on.” Lila laughed high and clear, and Rebecca rolled her eyes. “At least I don’t dress like a prep.” Rebecca stated from her position on the bed. “Ooh, this looks comfortable.” Lila said, picking up a huge sweatshirt that had been long forgotten in the back of one of her drawers. “Oh, yeah, high school boyfriend.” “Boyfriend?” “What can I say? I like dick too.” “And your dirty mouth is why you haven’t had one since.” “Maybe I haven’t wanted one since.” “Is that so? Could it be because you met someone?” Lila had now made her way onto the bed and climbed on top of Rebecca. “That might be the case.” Rebecca pulled Lila down to meet her lips. She bit Lila’s lip and she quite literally moaned against her lips. “Mm, so you’re in that kind of mood, aren’t you?” Rebecca mumbled as she pushed her tongue against Lila’s. “I’m always in that kind of mood.” Lila rested her hands just below Rebecca’s chest, teasing her fingers just under her bra. “Haven’t you got a class in half an hour?” Rebecca asked, resting her hands on Lila’s hips. “Maybe. I haven’t decided on whether it’s happening today or not.” Lila deepened the kiss and ran her hands along Rebecca’s thin body. Twenty minutes later, Lila realized that she had a test that day and was scurrying out from under Rebecca’s mouth, much to both of their dissatisfaction. Lila threw on her pants and grabbed the closest thing she saw: Rebecca’s ex-high school boyfriend’s sweatshirt. That night Lila sauntered back into Rebecca’s room, still wearing her sweatshirt and found something she didn’t expect. “Trying on my clothes, huh?” Lila whistled, staring unashamedly at the view. Rebecca was dressed in Lila’s bright blue shirt and twirling in the middle of the room, but immediately stopped when she heard Lila. She faced Lila with a shocked look on her face, and Lila noticed that her piercings were gone and the braids were out of her hair. She looked gorgeous. “Wow.” Lila said breathlessly. Rebecca looked down at the ground, blushing ferociously. “No, don’t be like that.” Lila rushed over and cupped Rebecca’s cheeks. “You’re stunning.” “And you look hot in my sweatshirt.” Rebecca smiled back and pulled Lila in for a deep kiss. “Alright, we’ve already gone once today.” Lila pulled back for a second (mostly just to marvel at how hot Rebecca looked). “Are you saying that your stamina is horrible?” Rebecca whispered into her ear before nibbling down her jawbone to meet her lips. “Oh, don’t get me wrong, I’m ready.” Lila’s the one who deepened the kiss and pushed Rebecca onto the bed. “Mmm, I’d definitely say you’re ready. And in my clothes. We’ll have to fix that.” Lila said between kisses, and made sure that her shirt was nowhere near the bed when she was finished. “You’ll have to wear my clothes more often.” Chapter 8 : Day 8: Under the Influence [Sansa Stark/Margaery Tyrell (Game of Thrones)] Summary: Margaery finds out that Sansa has never had a night out on the town before, so obviously she has to remedy it. Margaery was appalled that Sansa had never gotten drunk before. “You know, we’ve never been out clubbing before.” Margaery said one day, lounging on their couch. Sansa looked away from her book, glasses in perfect position on her nose. “What occurred to make you think of this?” “We should go out tonight.” Margaery decided, and looked to Sansa for approval. “Are you sure? It might-” “It might be fun. Come on, give it a shot.” Sansa looked skeptical. “Alright.” Margaery smiled. “But we’re not staying out past 3!” “We’ll see. Later that evening Margaery fit herself into a sleek black number and helped Sansa get into a hot red one. “This isn’t going to fit!” Sansa tried to convince Margaery, who was pulling it up around her breasts. “Nonsense, it’ll fit.” Margaery groaned as she finally got it up over Sansa’s breasts and zipped it up. “See, it fits.” Margaery pointed out, pulling out her make-up bag. “Oh, lord.” “Shh, close your eyes.” Marg quickly did her make-up, and finished it off with a kiss to her recently-glossed lips. “Are you completely sure about this?” Sansa asked, slightly nervous. She’d never been out before, except for when Margaery would take her out to fancy dinners. “I’m positive that we’re going to have a fun night.” Sansa still looked skeptical when they arrived at Margaery’s club of choice, a joint called Queen’s Landing . “Come on, babe, the people here are good people, you’ll be fine.” Margaery extended her hand and Sansa took it, though she was more focused on trying not to fall in these ridiculously-tall pumps that she was borrowing from Marg. They entered the club and were met with flashing neon lights and a hundred sweaty bodies bumping and grinding together on the dance floor. Sansa was led to the bar where Margaery put a drink in her hand. “Go on.” Margaery urged as soon as she saw Sansa frown. “It’s not going to hurt you.” Tentatively she took a sip of her drink and grimaced at the taste. “You don’t drink it for the taste, babe, you drink it to get drunk.” Margaery supplied, taking a sip of her own drink. Sansa looked at it for one moment more and took another sip. Throughout the night, Sansa found that she enjoyed the feeling much more than the taste. Soon enough, it was Sansa dragging Margaery back to the dance floor, even when Margaery said that she needed to rest for just one moment, Sansa, please, I’m out of breath. By the time they were calling a cab home Sansa was well past drunk and Margaery was on her way to that point. “Hey Marg. Marg. Margaery.” Sansa mumbled against Margaery’s shoulder. “Yes, babe?” “I feel funny.” Sansa laughed and let her head drop into her girlfriend’s lap. “Is that so?” “Mmhmm, yeah. I feel all tingly.” “Is it a good kind of tingly?” “I . . . I think so?” “Come on, let’s get you upstairs.” Margaery began to tug her girlfriend upstairs, laughing at any tiny little thought that spurred out of her mouth. “We should . . . do this more often.” Sansa slurred, nearly dropping to the floor as soon as Margaery got her into the apartment. “Okay, I think it’s time for you to go to sleep.” “But there’s so much more to do! We need to dance more and get drunk.” “I think we’ve already got those covered.” Margaery was half-dragging Sansa into their bedroom and let her flop down on the bed. Like the good girlfriend she was, she delicately removed Sansa’s feet and did her best to get her out of the dress and into pajamas, which was definitely not an easy task when she was drunk. However, she somehow managed and collapsed next to an already softly-snoring Sansa. The next morning, Margaery was more than happy to make breakfast in bed for her ailing girlfriend. “I am never getting drunk again.” Sansa said when Margaery placed the tray in front of her. “That’s not what you were saying last night.” Sansa groaned in response. “Who knows, maybe you’ll even feel well enough to go out again tonight.” Chapter 9 : Day 9: Dancing [Natasha Romanov/Maria Hill (Avengers)] Summary: “I still dance, sometimes.” Natasha spoke softly. At 3 am on a Tuesday morning was when Natasha revealed to Maria the details about the Red Room. Maria listened to every tragic word that fell from her lips and ran her fingers through her hair, as if that would somehow take away the pain that Nat had experienced. When she was finished, Nat curled up in Maria’s lap with Maria whispering sweet nothings in her ear. “I still dance, sometimes.” Natasha spoke softly. At this, Maria’s ears perked again. Of all the things she could have said after her confession that was one of the least expected. Maria couldn’t imagine why Nat would dance still, after all this time, and yet she could understand completely. Perhaps it was a type of freedom for her, a bright light in the middle of darkness. Natasha turned her head back towards Maria and said in a tentative voice, “May I show you?” Maria nodded wordlessly and Natasha rose to take her position. Time stood still as Maria watched Natasha. Her chest rose and fell once and it was like a switch had been turned on as Natasha started dancing. Her fingers rose above her head, copying positions that she’d practiced a thousand times. It was like running into an old friend as she fell into the patterns she’d memorized all those years ago. Maria watched in awe as she saw Natasha twirl around the room, moving effortlessly to her own internalized melody. She watched her flawless spins and low dips with astonishment, marveling at the grace in her slender body. Natasha was concentrating intently, just as she had all those years ago in the Red Room. She judged herself for every pirouette and jump until she finally landed on one foot, nearly out of breath. Like she’d been trained, she turned to the person she most wanted to impress, which in this case was a much better person than the original. Maria held nothing but pride and awe in her warm eyes, and softly smiled. Nat wasn’t used to this. She knew hard stares and sharp bones, not the warm looks and soft smiles of Maria. “You were stunning, love.” Maria stood and wrapped her arms around her slightly-shaking lover. Natasha hugged back, tightly, completely validated by the person she had given her heart to. Chapter 10 : Day 10: Awkward [Hannah/Kim (Supernatural)] Summary: Day 10: Awkward When Kim met Hannah, she knew it was meant to be. When Hannah met Kim, she had no idea what to say. When Kim met Hannah, she knew it was meant to be. When Hannah met Kim, she had no idea what to say. “Oh, I’m sorry!” A clumsy Kim said, dropping down to pick up her books that she’d so carelessly let fall. “No, it is all my fault.” Hannah said properly, bending down awkwardly to help her with the books. “Nonsense! I’m the one who ran into you-” Kim stopped as soon as she looked at Hannah’s face, and found herself not knowing what to say. “Oh.” She breathed, staring into the intelligent blue eyes that were studying her face. “It is of no concern, I hope?” Hannah asked, and Kim almost giggled at her formal way of speaking. “None at all.” Kim replied as formally as she could. Hannah stared at her peculiarly, like she couldn’t believe what she was seeing. It had only been a few weeks since she had transferred to this high school, and hadn’t made many friends yet, probably due to her professional type of speaking. But this girl, this girl with messy brown hair and a faded plaid shirt that was too big for her, didn’t seem to care how she spoke. “Here you go.” Hannah handed over the books and flying papers that had dropped back to Kim, but seemed reluctant to leave. The edge of Kim’s fingers just brushed against Hannah’s and she felt something unlike anything she had ever felt before. It was as if sparks flew from their fingerprints and thrillingly crept down Hannah’s spine. Kim’s eyes bored into Hannah’s, obviously having felt the exact same thing. “Um . . .” Kim started awkwardly, “Are you busy during lunch?” “I didn’t have any lunch plans, no.” Hannah smiled softly. “Would you perhaps like to meet?” “I think I would enjoy that very much, thank you.” Kim stood and extended a hand, which Hannah happily took. “I suppose I’ll see you then.” Hannah reluctantly moved her hand out of Kim’s, who wrapped another arm around her books. “Yeah.” Kim stared for one more moment until the minute bell knocked her out of her thoughts. “Oh, right, see you later!” Kim waved excitedly as she passed around the corner, out of Hannah’s sight. Hannah stood in the hallway for a moment with a smile on her face, still in shock over the sparks that had thrilled her to her very core. That is, until the bell rang, and Hannah was rushing to her next class. Chapter 11 : Day 11: Evening [Theodosia Burr Alston/Angelica Hamilton Knott (Hamilton)] Summary: “There are not many major decisions that should be made including a glass of wine.” Angelica responded, circling the rim of her glass with one finger. “On the contrary, I believe some of the best decisions are made with a glass of wine in one’s hand.” Theodosia responded. Day 11: Evening [Theodosia Burr Alston/Angelica Hamilton Knott (Hamilton)] Angelica was not particularly thrilled about being escorted reluctantly to another political gala by none other than her father. Of course she enjoyed spending time with her often-busy father, but this was the third gala in two weeks, and Angelica was not as socially competent as her father. She stood at the edge of the crowded ballroom and watched the girls in their exquisite garments seemingly float around the room, guided by their equally as elegantly dressed partners. Angelica, though she had been approached by many men of good standing, had politely declined any offers to join the masses. She was a private sort, much like her mother, who preferred the company of books to the involved highly-busy atmosphere that her father relished in. The glass of red wine between her fingers was mostly empty by this point of the night, and she was having difficulty resisting the urge to fill it yet again. Mostly because she already felt slightly tipsy and it was a matter of maintaining a good impression. There was no doubt that her mother would be rather disappointed if she came home in such a state. Her father, on the opposite hand, would most likely be humored if his eldest daughter made such a mistake. “You seem to be in the middle of an important decision.” A voice sounded in her ear, causing her to abruptly face this foreign being. Angelica glanced up to find a stunning beauty gazing at her with warm dark eyes. She was taken aback, shocked at who’d she come in contact with. It was plain to see by the bushy dark hair and soft features that she was none other than Theodosia Burr, daughter of her father’s friend. “There are not many major decisions that should be made including a glass of wine.” Angelica responded, circling the rim of her glass with one finger. “On the contrary, I believe some of the best decisions are made with a glass of wine in one’s hand.” Theodosia responded, and Angelica thought her voice was like the sun on a warm summer evening. It made her weak at the knees, but she did her best to maintain a neutral exterior. “Have you made many good decisions with a glass of wine?” Angelica questioned, blatantly staring at the near-empty glass Theodosia’s slim fingers firmly grasped. “Not at any times in the past, no, but perhaps now is the time to begin.” Theodosia set down her glass on a nearby table and turned back to a very confused Angelica. Before she could say anything Theodosia was speaking again. “Angelica, would you care to dance?” Angelica was taken aback. Within just a few moments, this beautiful young woman had walked into her life and was now asking her for a dance. How would it look? Two ladies dancing together even though there were plenty of other suitable young men around? Oh, but Theodosia was staring at her with those eyes and with that gentle smile it did not take long for her to be slanted into saying yes. If possible, Theodosia’s smile grew even wider as she took Angelica’s arm and led her out onto the main ballroom floor. She lightly placed her hand on Angelica’s thin waist and Angelica responded naturally by placing her hand on Theodosia’s shoulder. When their other hands met, it sent sparks running along her fingers and down her spine. “Ms. Hamilton, have you ever danced with a woman before?” Theodosia asked neutrally. Angelica took special notice of the sudden ‘Ms. Hamilton’ and also noticed that perhaps it was because of the masses of people dancing around them. Or, Angelica thought, it could be because Theodosia wanted to mess with her, as she’d already shown she loved to do. “No, Ms. Burr, you are my first.” Angelica replied honestly, a double meaning hidden delightfully behind her lips. Theodosia leaned in to whisper in Angelica’s ear, with her lips barely brushing against her. “So it seems that I am the cause of the loss of your virginity.” Angelica smiled, for she had never heard something so forward in her life, and she relished in it. “You do have that honor.” “And such a thrilling honor it is, dear Angelica. Tell me, do women interest you?” Theodosia asked. Angelica scanned her face, knowing that there was something behind her eyes, yet she did not know what. Hope, perhaps? Even so, Angelica had taken a liking to this woman and found herself not wanting to disappoint her, no matter how much their fathers disagreed. She found herself wanting to approach Theodosia in the same way she’d approached Angelica. And so, in a rather frowned upon forward manner, Angelica spoke, “Women such as yourself entice me, Ms. Burr, though I do have a keen respect for men.” Theodosia seemed to ponder this for a moment. Her eyebrows were raised just so slightly as she pursed her lips, and Angelica could not help but wonder what she was thinking. “Do you have a keen respect for any men tonight, Ms. Hamilton?” Theodosia said at last. Her face revealed nothing. “Not tonight, nor ever, Ms. Burr. You see, although many men have laid their eyes upon me, I have not graced them with mine.” Angelica responded. The dance changed then, from a slower number to a fast partner-changing dance most were excitingly familiar with. “Perhaps you will humble me and grace me with yours.” Theodosia said quickly before she changed partners, leaving Angelica to pick up the pieces while the man closest to her slung his arm around her waist. The dance had a tempo too fast for Angelica, for she judged it by how many glimpses she could get of Theodosia laughing and smiling. It was far too few for her tastes, she thought as she was suddenly slammed into yet another partner. Five partners later she found herself hand-in-hand with her red-in-the-face father. He was getting rather old for these types of dances, she found herself thinking. However, he did not give her much time to think before he started talking. “Angelica! My dear child, what a coincidence that I end up with you. I never knew you were one for dancing.” Angelica knew why he was always out of breath. Dancing and chatting did not match well in a tempo of this speed. “Tell me, what were you doing with Ms. Burr?” He was talking again before Angelica could get her thoughts straight. At the mention of her name Angelica thrilled again. How funny it was, she was thinking, that this woman had made such an effect on her that Angelica could not think clearly with her in the room anymore. But, oh no, her father had noticed. At the moment him and Burr were disagreeing on something in Congress, Angelica knew not what, but it had left her father rather talkative at the dinner table for the past several weeks. That is, if he made it to the dinner table on time. “Ms. Burr? Why, she asked me to dance and I agreed. How has your evening been?” She decided to draw him away from the subject and prayed that it would work. It did. “Jefferson is absolutely insufferable tonight! I can barely stand Burr at the moment, so there is no use talking to him! Of course he is agreeing with Jefferson on this bill, just like I knew he would-” Angelica stopped listening after this, as she was not well-versed enough in politics to have a sufficient amount of interest in this conversation. Rather she was thinking about a certain Theodosia, who was dancing lively at the opposite end of the room. In just a matter of moments she had overrun Angelica’s thoughts and filled them all with her warm voice and soft skin. She desperately needed to see her again, to touch her again, and even the thought of doing so thrilled her to her very core. At some point her father stopped talking, and seemed to notice her mind was elsewhere. “You seem distracted.” He said, question-like, as though he were wondering why all of her attention wouldn’t be on him. “Forgive me, for my mind is in a scramble at the moment.” Angelica told him honestly. “Do not fret, Burrs will do that to me as well.” He laughed and escorted her off of the dance floor. “My business is done for the night, and your mother will soon wonder where we are. Perhaps we should be getting home.” “I agree.” She noticed that some others were departing the dance floor and gathering their items before leaving. Angelica soon gathered her own things and was ready to leave until Theodosia appeared beside her. She said nothing, but slipped a note into Angelica’s hand and gave her a smile before she headed off to rejoin her father. Angelica met her father at their carriage and promptly climbed inside, but was dying to open the note and see what Theodosia had written her. She was so fidgety that her father asked her if she was having a ‘woman’s emergency’ as he called it. As soon as they arrived home she rushed inside, telling her mother that she was simply too tired to talk about the events of that evening and rushed to her room. She hastily opened the note to find Theodosia’s writing. Dearest Angelica, I genuinely enjoyed your company tonight and would rather hope to see you again, if you would grant me the pleasure. Yrs Truly, T. Burr Angelica sat down at that very moment and began writing a letter. Chapter 12 : Day 12: Secret [Sansa Stark/Margaery Tyrell (Game of Thrones)] Summary: Sansa worries about her and Margaery's relationship. Sansa knew from the moment that Margaery asked her to be with her that they’d have to keep it a secret. She was alright with it, for if she wasn’t then she wouldn’t get to be with Margaery at all, and that would hurt much worse. They met in secret, usually in disused towers where Margaery would grace her with the touch of her soft fingertips and the feel of her lips against Sansa’s skin. Sansa treasured those moments, but she couldn’t help but want more. Every time she saw Margaery doting on one of the men in the throne room or strolling with Joffrey she could not help the jealousy that rose in her like fire. She knew Margaery was desired by most men, and even many women, but that didn’t stop the fact that Margaery doted on them the same way she doted on Sansa. “Margaery.” Sansa closed the door behind them. She was standing in the middle of the empty room, staring at Sansa confusedly. “What troubles you, Sansa?” Margaery asked, immediately walking over and taking Sansa’s hands. She couldn’t hold it in any longer, she had to confess. “I don’t like the way you associate with other members of the court.” She told her softly. Margaery didn’t have to pry any further, she knew what Sansa was talking about. “My dear Sansa, you must know that you are the only one I love.” Before Sansa could get a word out, Margaery continued, “I know you must be worried, but you mustn’t be. I only act that way around the members of the court because I have to be familiar with the members of the court so that they’ll accept me as one of their own. However, in my heart, there is nothing but love for only you, my stunning Sansa.” Sansa smiled at this and wrapped her arms around Margaery. “You are the one I love.” Sansa said as she kissed her, and for that moment everything was right in the world. Chapter 13 : Day 13: Tease [Abaddon/Charlie (Supernatural)] Summary: Charlie decides to be a tease. Abaddon was sitting quietly reading a book when Charlie started peppering kisses down her side. “Ah, so we’re in that sort of mood, aren’t we?” Abaddon asks, turning her face to meet Charlie’s lips. Before their lips could meet, however, Charlie pulled away with a smirk on her face. “Okay, you can’t kiss me and then ignore me.” Abaddon said as Charlie sashayed into their kitchen. “Ooh, but I just did.” Charlie responded, sticking her tongue out. “You’re not very nice.” Abaddon pouts. “Says the literal Queen of Hell.” “You’ve got me there.” Abaddon smiled at her lover. Charlie got to work making dinner for herself as Abaddon didn’t usually eat. So, she went back to reading her book and silently plotting her next scheme. About fifteen minutes passed and Charlie made her way back to Abaddon’s side. She kissed her just a bit more and Abaddon slid her a side-eye before she moved to turn her head. No such luck. Charlie moved out of the way before their lips could meet. “Really?” Abaddon groaned as Charlie walked back to the kitchen. Charlie just giggled in response. “You’re a goddamn tease and I hate you.” Abaddon said coldly, but Charlie laughed it off. “But you love me anyway.” “I’m not going to love you if you don’t kiss me.” “Oh well.” Charlie grinned and shrugged her shoulders. Another moment and Abaddon would’ve taken matters into her own hands but she stayed in her seat and waited for Charlie. Soon enough she came and sat down in their living room with a plate of food situated on her lap. Moments later her laptop was next to her and she was scrolling through the internet while Abaddon watched. “Something you’re looking for?” Charlie asked, raising her eyes to meet Abaddon’s. Abaddon glared for a moment and let her eyes go dark, but it didn’t affect Charlie anymore so she reluctantly went back to normal. Charlie simply smirked again, and deliberately bit her lip. “You deliberately kiss me and give me that look, but yet you won’t love me.” This is when Charlie stood up and sashayed over to their bedroom door. “You better not be goddamn teasing me.” She told her, but Charlie simply smirked and walked into their bedroom. Lucky for her, Charlie stopped teasing. Chapter 14 : Day 14: Valentine’s Day [Rey/Jessika Pava (Star Wars)] Summary: Rey celebrates her first Valentine's Day. Jessika was shocked to find out that Rey had never heard of Valentine’s Day. So, obviously, she had to plan the best Valentine’s Day for the two of them. And that she did. “You have to tell me where we’re going.” Rey told her as Jessika led her towards their ship. “You’ll see when we get there.” “That doesn’t fill me with a lot of confidence.” “Oh, hush, I’m trying to do something special here.” Rey laughed. “Okay, lead the way.” Jessika lead them into the ship and moments later they were taking off. “Will you tell me where we’re going now?” Rey pouted, and poked out her bottom lip for effect. “It’s somewhere you’ve never been before.” “I’ve never been anywhere before!” “Just relax,” Jessika told her, resting a hand on her knee. Rey looked at her for one moment and it seemed as though she was about to argue, but her mouth stayed shut. It wasn’t long after they came out of hyper-speed that a lush green and blue planet came into view. “Oh my.” Rey breathed, staring wide-eyed at the new planet. “Welcome to paradise.” Jessika said with a smile as she slowly led them down to the planet. “This is what we’re doing for the Valen-thing?” Rey asked. “Yes,” Jessika smiled at her girlfriend, “This is where I’m taking you for Valentine’s Day.” They touched down on the planet not too long afterward, near a shimmering lake. The water was so clear that they could see straight down to the bottom. “Let’s go swimming!” Rey shouted joyfully, and barely took the time to change into her swimsuit before plunging into the cool water. Jessika sat on the sandy shoreline in her bathing suit and watched Rey splash around for a little while, until Rey started begging for her to come in with her. “It’s nice!” She urged, splashing the water towards her girlfriend. Jessika rolled her eyes and stood up. “Fine! I’m coming in!” With that Jessika jumped into the clear blue water, nearly right on top of Rey. “It’s cold! You lied to me!” Jessika retaliated by splashing water at Rey, who spluttered back. “Aha! I have defeated you!” She said with a smile, and a moment later a huge wave of water hit her. “That’s not fair! I can’t use the Force!” Jessika argued, jumping on Rey. This was when she dunked both of them underwater. Jessika bolted for the surface, coming up just as Rey did, the both with wide smiles on their faces. Rey started heading towards the shore, wringing out her short wet hair. Jessika followed her, sneaking up behind her and planting kisses on the back of her neck. “I’m still wet!” she protested. “So am I.” Rey turned around and kissed her. Jessika smiled into the kiss, and wrapped her arms around Rey. Moments later they dropped onto the sand and laid there like that for a while, kissing and relishing in each other’s company. Several hours later they were stargazing on the beach, and Jessika helped to point out different constellations and planets. “This has been a great Valentine’s Day.” Rey sighed in happiness. She was laying on Jessika’s shoulder with her arm slung across her stomach. Jessika kissed the top of Rey’s head in response. Chapter 15 : Day 15: Destination Unknown [Raven/Octavia (The 100)] Summary: “Anyway, I was thinking that we could take the day off and travel.” She said tentatively. “Travel where?” “It’s a secret.” “Okay, so good news!” Raven walked out of their shared bedroom with a smile. “Is the good news that you’re wearing booty shorts?” Octavia blatantly stared down and Raven waved her hand away. “Stop being dirty.” Octavia winked in response but now looked at Raven. “Anyway, I was thinking that we could take the day off and travel.” She said tentatively. “Travel where?” “It’s a secret.” Octavia raised an eyebrow at this and Raven shyly grinned. “It’ll be fun, I promise.” Octavia sighed for a moment, still looking at her in disbelief. “It better be fun.” Raven smiled and hugged Octavia. Forty-five minutes later the two were in the car, with Raven driving and Octavia with her feet up on the dash. “Will you tell me where we’re going now?” Octavia asked, resting her head on Raven’s shoulder. “You’ll find out when we get there.” Raven smirked and pushed Octavia’s head off of her. “I need to focus on driving.” Octavia side-eyed her. “It’s not like you don’t drive every single vehicle that exist, but you’re worried about me leaning my head on you.” Raven grinned again and said, “Safety first.” Octavia shook her head and started loudly playing music. Another half-hour later Octavia turned down the music. “Are we there yet?” she said in a child-like voice. Raven, in a stern dad-like voice said, “We’ll get there when we get there.” Octavia stuck out her tongue and turned the music back up. This continued about every other song, and by the end Octavia would collapse into giggles every time. Finally, an hour later they arrived in front of a small cabin in the middle of a mountain range. “A cabin?” Octavia asked, curious. “I thought that we could have a night alone.” Raven ducked her head down to stare at her feet. “Do you like it?” Octavia broke out into a smile. “I love it!” Raven looked up with a smile and locked hands with her girlfriend as they walked inside. Raven gave her a tour of the house, as it had been in her family and she spent a couple weeks here with her family in the summer. Octavia listened intently, hanging on every word. Raven was unusually private about her past most of the time, but this was a glimpse in the little girl Raven used to be and Octavia was amazed. “I’ll get the fire started if you go get our stuff?” Raven pleaded and Octavia begrudgingly agreed. Twenty minutes later the two were settled on a small mountain of blankets and pillows in front of the fire, with hot chocolate clasped in their hands. Octavia was resting on Raven’s shoulder. The two began talking about everything and nothing for the rest of the night as they slowly watched the fire dwindle away. “I’m really glad you picked this place.” Octavia mumbled into Raven’s shirt at the end of the night. “Me too.” Raven kissed the top of her head and fell asleep. Chapter 16 : Day 16: At the Beach [Mulan/Ruby (Once Upon a Time)] Summary: “I dare you to jump in.” Ruby mumbled, half-asleep. “It’s freezing!” Mulan protested. It may have been the best decisions of their lives, deciding to move down to the beach. Ruby had suggested the idea to Mulan some time before, back in Storybrooke. The town had changed a lot since Ruby had first moved there, and she had been an outcast from the start. Sure, she’d been welcomed by some but no matter what she did, she felt like she didn’t quite connect with the others. However, when she met Mulan that all changed. She finally found someone who understood her for who she was, and that’s why the two had decided to get out of Storybrooke. Within months they’d sold Ruby’s tiny apartment and bought a sizable house on the coast. They liked the small town, and even though it was similar to Storybrooke it was infinitely better. The people were kinder here and the scenery was so much better. Mulan and Ruby (when they weren’t exploring the town, that is) spent their free afternoons down by the beach. Ruby would end up dragging Mulan into the waves with her and somehow or another they’d end up laying on the beach with their sandy arms wrapped around each other. Today was one of those days. Ruby was resting her head on Mulan’s shoulder, lightly breathing in the salty ocean air. “I dare you to jump in.” Ruby mumbled, half-asleep. “It’s freezing!” Mulan protested with a smile. It was March, and the water was cold! There was no way she was getting in there. “Don’t care. Jump in.” Ruby raised a hand and pointed at the ocean lazily. “If I go in you’re coming with me.” Ruby seemed to ponder this for a moment, even though her eyes were still closed. “No.” Mulan laughed and picked Ruby up effortlessly. Her eyes popped open as she suddenly realized where she was headed and she started struggling in Mulan’s arms. “What? No! Let me down!” “You said you wanted to go swimming.” Mulan smirked, merely a few feet from the edge of the waves. “No!” Ruby kicked her feet a little bit, trying to get out of Mulan’s grip. This is when Mulan ran headfirst into the cold ocean and Ruby downright screamed, partly from the shock of the cold water and partly because she secretly enjoyed it. Mulan tripped and fell on the wave, holding back a laugh. Ruby, however, ended up just a little bit worse, Mulan noticed, as she watched her flounder through a wave. “You asshole!” Ruby spluttered, throwing herself headfirst at her girlfriend. Mulan caught her easily with a smile. “Not cold enough for you?” Ruby just stuck her tongue out at her and started swimming back towards the shore and her towel. Mulan followed her out, deciding that it may not have been such a good idea to jump into the freezing waters. Mulan rushed ahead and flung the towel around herself, shivering. Ruby laughed in response. “What, not cold enough for you?” Mulan just glared at her. Chapter 17 : Day 17: Breakfast [Sansa Stark/Margaery Tyrell (Game of Thrones)] Summary: “Come on Sansa, IHOP is ten times better than any old Waffle House.” Renly said convincingly, but then Margaery was in her face. “Don’t listen to him, Waffle House is the only place you can go at 3am.” It took Sansa only a moment to decide. With a slight smirk, she turned towards Renly. He gave a fist-bump motion until Sansa opened her mouth. “I think we should go to Waffle House.” Day 17: Breakfast [Sansa Stark/Margaery Tyrell (Game of Thrones)] Sansa absolutely hated being awake at 3am, since it got her into the worst possible situations. For example, she was now sitting in the middle of a crowded living room at precisely 2:29 am surrounded by people who were arguing about whether to go to IHOP or Waffle House. She was sitting between Daenerys Targaryen and Loras Tyrell, who were only two among the numerous people here. Honestly, Sansa didn’t know how she’d ended up here. Margaery Tyrell (who was in her AP US History class) had told her that she was throwing a New Years’ Eve party/get-together at her place and that Sansa should definitely come. Later that same day her sister Arya had approached her and told her, “So Margaery Tyrell said something about a New Years’ Eve thing at her place?” Arya seemed almost bored, like she had ten other better things to do with her time. “Yeah,” Sansa couldn’t help but let a smile creep onto her face. She’d had a crush on Margaery since freshman year, and now in her junior year it seems as though everything was finally going right. “Margaery asked me to come.” Arya raised an eyebrow at this. She had known practically since the day it started that Sansa had a crush on Margaery, and also knew that it could end up horribly for her delicate sister. No matter what, Sansa ended up going and now here she was, watching two groups of people fight over IHOP or Waffle House. “Everyone knows that IHOP is not a 3am type of place.” Margaery argued with Renly Baratheon, who happened to be one of her good friends. “But IHOP has better pancakes!” Renly argued back, just as fierce as Margaery. Margaery sat back on her knees and pondered for a moment before saying, “Why don’t we vote?” “Alright,” said Renly, “but I guarantee that IHOP is gonna win.” “In your dreams.” And so, they took a vote. Loras, Theon and Renly all cast their vote for IHOP, just as the girls expected they would. Margaery, Arya and Daenerys all cast their vote for Waffle House, which left Sansa. The six of them turned to the quiet red-headed girl. “Come on Sansa, IHOP is ten times better than any old Waffle House.” Renly said convincingly, but then Margaery was in her face. “Don’t listen to him, Waffle House is the only place you can go at 3am.” It took Sansa only a moment to decide. With a slight smirk, she turned towards Renly. He gave a fist-bump motion until Sansa opened her mouth. “I think we should go to Waffle House.” All the boys groaned in unison while the girls cheered. “Alright, everyone write down what you want, me and Sansa are going to Waffle House.” “What?” “Take me with you!” “I want waffles.” “I’m not letting any of you guys into my nice clean car.” Margaery shook her head as another wave of protests rang out. “You coming Sansa?” Margaery walked to the door and motioned Sansa to come with. Sansa tried to hide a grin with little success, and waved a quick goodbye to everyone else as the two walked out of the room. “So, Sansa, what type of waffles do you want?” Margaery asked as she turned on her car. Sansa, being safety first as always, made sure to put her seatbelt on. Sansa shrugged. “I’m a plain waffles and syrup type of person.” “Plain waffles it is! Though, if I’m being completely honest, we’re not going back right away.” Sansa stared at her confusingly, and Margaery continued. “I was thinking that we could just hang out at Waffle House. It’s getting too stuffy back there anyway, and I wanted to get to know you a little better. What better way than to do it over waffles?” Margaery turned to look at her with an expectant quirky smile. Sansa smiled uncontrollably. This was everything she’d wished for, though she didn’t expect it to happen like this. Margaery was showing an invested interest in her and she was positively thrilled. “I’m down.” She managed to get out, trying to sound as chill as possible. Margaery laughed and said, “Waffle House here we come.” Five minutes later they were walking into Waffle House, with Margaery’s arm slung around her waist. There was an exhausted employee behind the counter, who stared at them with bored eyes. “Welcome to Waffle House. Can I take your order?” His voice sounded like sandpaper and Sansa almost felt bad for the man. He was working the worst shift in the world. Margaery rattled off just what her and Sansa wanted, making sure to tell Sansa that she’d order their stuff when they left. Since they were the only two in the entire restaurant, save for the employee, they had the pick of any table they wanted. So, obviously, Margaery picked one in the very center. Sansa sat down opposite her, letting a smile just touch the edge of her lips. “So, Sansa, what do you like to do?” Margaery bit her lip, like she was nervous. Sansa shrugged shyly and said, “I like to write. Poetry, specifically, but I also write short stories.” Oh God, she was such an idiot, wasn’t she? Here she was talking about poetry in the midst of Margaery Tyrell. Did she even like poetry? She’d made a fool of herself for sure. “Poetry? You know, I pegged you for a poetry girl.” Margaery noted, completely neutral. “And you? What do you do?” Sansa asked, desperate to get the conversation off of her. “I just hop around. I read, write, draw, woo, meet new people. You could say I do it all.” “Is that so?” “What can I say? I’m an all-around type of girl.” Margaery shrugged at her in a lackadaisical type of way, like she didn’t have a care in the world. “I can’t say the same. I’m not so interesting.” Sansa said shyly, gazing down at the table. “A Stark? Not interesting? I’ll have to disagree with you on that one.” With just a few sentences Margaery had made Sansa’s heart soar, and she smiled at the other girl in front of her. “You don’t even know me!” Sansa protested. “I’d like to.” Sansa’s entire world stopped revolving for a moment before she broke out into the biggest smile yet. “Order ready!” Margaery sent a smile her way as she got up and fetched their food. “What better way to get to know each other than by eating waffles at 3 am?” And so the two spent the next hour and a half gorging themselves on waffles, until they got a very angry call from Renly, yelling about his waffles. So the two made their way back to Margaery’s house and were inseparable for the night. Finally those two years of hardcore crushing had paid off, and in the best way possible. Chapter 18 : Day 18: Right and Wrong [Anna/Ruby (Supernatural)] Summary: Anna was light. Ruby was dark. Ruby had always been the rebellious one, ever since she had been reborn as a demon. She took risks other demons didn’t take, and that included loving a fallen angel. Anna was everything Ruby wasn’t. Ann was light, bright as the sun when she smiled and warmer than a summer breeze, while Ruby was darkness, like the cold winter nights and the creepy feeling like someone was watching you from the shadows. So, that’s why the two were instantly in love when they first laid eyes on each other. Anna was ethereal, in the way she walked, in the way she talked, every word was a blessing on Ruby’s ears. She had that effect on other people, judging by Sam and Dean, she thought later that day. She captivated them, even though she was just the shell of the great angel she’d been before. And so, even if it was wrong of her by demon standards, Ruby wanted to help her find her grace. That’s exactly what she did. Soon enough, Anna was a full-fledged angel again, but at this point she was feeling something for the demon who had helped her so graciously. Anna decided, even though it was wrong, so wrong of her, that she would kiss Ruby. Anna put her hands on Ruby’s cheeks and leaned in hungrily, thinking ‘damn the rules’ and Ruby kissed back just as fiercely. It felt so right between them, for they connected on a level that none of their kind had had ever experienced, and they relished in it, even if it was wrong. Chapter 19 : Day 19: Lipstick [Sansa Stark/Margaery Tyrell (Game of Thrones)] Summary: The first time that Sansa and Margaery had kissed, Sansa had sworn that there were fireworks. Day 19: Lipstick [Sansa Stark/Margaery Tyrell (Game of Thrones)] The first time that Sansa and Margaery had kissed, Sansa had sworn that there were fireworks. They had been in Margaery’s dorm room, because Sansa’s roommate always had a ton of people over (she could barely get any work done most days). They had known each other for a while at the time, and considered themselves friends, though they were both hoping for more. Sure, Margaery was headstrong and acted on her own carefully thought out impulses most of the time, but she was completely clueless when it came to Sansa. She’d dated girls before, not a problem, but Sansa was different. She was pure, untouchable. Margaery didn’t want to taint her. Sansa, on the other hand, longed for some kind of touch, and that’s what she found with Margaery. They’d sit and study together with Sansa’s head on Margaery’s stomach on warm sunny afternoons. Margaery would sometimes play with Sansa’s hair and hug her tightly whenever she had to leave to go back to her own dorm room. And on one of these sunny afternoons, Margaery kissed her. Her lips were soft against Sansa’s and pressed eagerly against her surprised lips. Sansa quite clearly felt the lipstick Margaery had applied only fifteen minutes before, and she loved it. As Margaery’s lips moved down, so did the lipstick marks down her jawline and along her throat. Sansa’s lip gloss, she soon noticed, was leaving faint little marks all over Margaery’s lips and cheeks, and she felt faintly proud of that fact. When Margaery pulled away she instantly saw her handiwork and smiled. “You seem to have a little something on your face there.” She smirked, dabbing a thumb on the corner of Sansa’s lip. “You should look at yourself.” Sansa said with a smile before their lips met yet again. Chapter 20 : Day 20: Birthday Present [Sansa Stark/Margaery Tyrell (Game of Thrones)] Summary: Sansa receives a very special and unexpected birthday present. Day 20: Birthday Present [Sansa Stark/Margaery Tyrell (Game of Thrones)] “So, what did you get me for my birthday?” Sansa asked one afternoon. She was sitting on Margaery’s small bed in her dorm room with her feet up in the air and a lollipop in her mouth. Margaery, on the other hand, was sitting at her desk, completely not paying attention to the open textbook. “I’m not going to tell you, it isn’t even your birthday yet.” Margaery replied, rereading the same sentence for the sixth time. “It’s my birthday week, though, and that means I should get presents.” Sansa tried to persuade with a cheeky grin. Margaery simply shook her head. “That’s not how it works.” “It should be how it works.” “Keep trying, babe.” The next day Margaery and Sansa were in Sansa’s dorm room, with Margaery fucking around on her phone while Sansa studied for a test. Margaery tested: it took less than ten minutes for Sansa to collapse on the bed next to her. “So? Birthday present?” Sansa moved to sit on Margaery’s stomach. “Get off me, you big loaf.” Margaery pushed Sansa off, who just sat on the bed next to her. “Birthday present?” she asked, cuddling up to her girlfriend. “How do you know I even got you something?” Margaery asked with a smirk. Sansa glared back, all in good fun. She poked out her bottom lip in a pout and said, “Are you saying you didn’t get anything for me?” “I guess you’ll just have to find out.” “But my birthday isn’t for another two days! Are you really going to make me wait that long?” “Hmm, let me think about it.” Margaery tapped her chin with one finger before turning back to an expectant Sansa. “Uh, yes.” Sansa loudly sighed and threw her head back on the pillow. “You’re so mean to me.” “Uh-huh. Wait until you see what I got you.” The next two days passed agonizingly slow for both Margaery and Sansa. In every spare moment Sansa spent her time bothering Margaery about her present. At long last, Sansa’ birthday finally arrived, as a relief to both Margaery and Sansa. Margaery, like the good girlfriend she was, took Sansa out for a fancy dinner at an expensive restaurant that Sansa had mentioned a month ago. “Is it time for my birthday present yet?” Sansa asked with an impatient smile. Margaery took a deep breath and stood up, only pausing for a moment until she got down on one knee. Sansa smiled and clutched a hand to her chest. Margaery opened a small box and revealed a diamond ring. “Sansa Stark, will you do me the honor of being my wife?” She asked. Sansa didn’t need to hesitate. “Yes!” As she slipped on the ring and hugged Margaery she said, “This is the best birthday present ever.” Chapter 21 : Day 21: Lies [Sansa Stark/Margaery Tyrell (Game of Thrones)] Summary: Margaery makes a mistake and Sansa doesn't forgive her. Day 21: Lies [Sansa Stark/Margaery Tyrell (Game of Thrones)] “Not only do you have an affair with another woman, but then you lie to me about it!” Sansa yelled at Margaery. She felt her heart breaking in two as she gazed upon the person that she’d given her heart to. “I never wanted to hurt you Sansa, please, it was a mistake!” Margaery pleaded, even dropping to her knees at Sansa’s feet. Sansa took a deep breath before continuing, trying to keep the tears from spilling down her cheeks. “You bring another woman into our home, you tell me about it, but you told me it was a stranger! I forgave you right there, because I knew that you loved me. But then,” Sansa had to pause to compose herself, “Then I find out that it’s one of my best friends.” “Dany means nothing to me, she’s just a friend, I promise!” Sansa’s next words were nothing but ice and venom. “You should’ve thought about that before you fucked her.” And with that, she was gone. Sansa left her home that she had shared with Margaery and drove to her sister’s, trying to stop the tears. Arya opened the door on the second knock and immediately took Sansa into her arms. “Come on.” She led Sansa onto the couch. “Tell me everything.” Sansa spilled everything on the spot, only taking breaks to bawl into her sister’s shoulder. “She’s not worth it, she was never worth it.” Arya murmured, and Sansa didn’t know if that made her feel better or worse. She’d given her entire heart, her entire being, over to one woman and she had smashed it like a piece of glass. Meanwhile, across town, Margaery was busy getting drunk with Daenerys. “Sansa’ll take you back, don’t worry.” Daenerys said easily. “I don’t deserve her.” Margaery replied, too busy wallowing in self-pity to accept the meager comfort that Daenerys was offering her. Daenerys sighed, feeling that she’d caused too big of a rift between the couple. She had to fix it somehow. Chapter 22 : Day 22: Shopping [Sansa Stark/Margaery Tyrell (Game of Thrones)] Summary: In which Sansa and Margaery go Christmas shopping, but it's only December 8th. Day 22: Shopping [Sansa Stark/Margaery Tyrell (Game of Thrones)] “It’s only December 8th, why are we Christmas shopping?” Margaery asked as Sansa pulled her into the third store that day. “We’re shopping because we need to buy presents for our friends.” She replied, like Margaery didn’t know that. “But do we have to buy them so soon?” Margaery was begging here. Today was her one day off and she had planned to lay on the couch and finish How to Get Away with Murder. “If we don’t do it now we aren’t going to do it until Christmas Eve, and we can’t have that.” “Yeah we could.” Margaery muttered under her breath. Sansa lightly smacked her on the arm. “I heard that.” Margaery just huffed in response. “Can we please, and I’m begging here, please go home?” Margaery begged ten minutes later in the home section. “Nope.” Sansa said with a smile, and put some completely unnecessary gift into their cart. Over the course of the next hour Margaery put stuff in the cart that she wanted to get, though Sansa continually told her to put them away. “If we’re getting our friends Christmas presents then I can get something for myself.” “Babe, that is not how Christmas works.” “It’s how Christmas works for me.” “ Babe .” Margaery huffed in response and made her way over to the music section. She was flipping through Taylor Swift CD’s when Sansa called, “We’re leaving!” “That is, unless you wanted to stay.” Sansa remarked as she saw Margaery looking at the store’s meager music collection. “Oh, please .” Margaery said sarcastically and Sansa smiled. “Come on, I know you’ve been dying to finish your show.” “Ah! Yes! You’re finally releasing me!” Margaery exclaimed, basically running to the check-out. Though, she may have broken a few speeding laws in her rush to get home and to her couch. Chapter 23 : Day 23: Phone Call [Sansa Stark/Margaery Tyrell (Game of Thrones)] Summary: “Please tell me you’re coming home soon.” “As soon as this deal goes through, I promise I’ll be on the first plane home.” Day 23: Phone Call [Sansa Stark/Margaery Tyrell (Game of Thrones)] “Please tell me you’re coming home soon.” Sansa sounded tired over the phone and Margaery supposed that she was. It was late back home, though the sun was only beginning to set here. She’d been gone for a week at this point for work and even though her and Sansa talked every night Margaery was missing her favorite redhead. “As soon as this deal goes through, I promise I’ll be on the first plane home.” Marg promised with a smile. “You should come home tonight.” Sansa mumbled, yawning in the middle of her sentence. “And I think you should go to sleep.” She replied, smiling again at Sansa’s yawn. She could picture it in her mind clearly: Sansa was probably on the couch with some show on Netflix on in the background and most likely at least three books spread around her. “I think my idea is better.” She murmured. “It probably is.” Margaery paused for a moment, “How was your day, love?” Sansa yawned again before saying, “Oh, you know. Working at a flower shop is very relaxing.” Margaery knew that Sansa was being sarcastic, though it didn’t sound like it. She had to regularly deal with picky customers, and worse, picky customers with allergies. “It was Joffrey again, wasn’t it?” Joffrey was a customer who constantly picked out flowers only to either a.) ruin them and demand a refund or b.) insult them. The man had so many allergies that he shouldn’t even be in a flower shop in the first place, but he kept coming back. Why, Margaery would never know. She had given up asking at this point. “Yes! He came in and asked for the tulips but when I directed him towards our tulips and went through every single bouquet he said that he’d actually been looking for daisies. Who does that?” “It’s a crime.” “Exactly! You know what he needs, a good quick kick right where it hurts.” “I think I’d like to see that.” “I want to close the store every time he walks in.” “I’ll have a sign made: No one named Joffrey.” Sansa yawned once more and said, “I’m holding you to that.” “Get some sleep, babe. I’ll see you in the morning.” “Oh, so soon?” Even saying that Sansa let out a loud yawn. “You’re falling asleep, I’ll call you tomorrow.” “I love you.” “I love you too.” Chapter 24 : Day 24: Fight [Sansa Stark/Margaery Tyrell (Game of Thrones)] Summary: “I refuse to fight with you over the color of paint in our room.” Day 24: Fight [Sansa Stark/Margaery Tyrell (Game of Thrones)] “I refuse to fight with you over the color of paint in our room.” “Looks like you’re going to.” Sansa held up two swatches, one being a slightly darker purple than the other. “Why go with purple when we can go with something like gold, or a light pink?” “For the last time, we are not painting our bedroom gold.” “Why not? It’s a great color!” “We literally have a one-bedroom apartment babe we’re not rich enough to have gold paint on our walls.” “It was the color of my bedroom as a kid.” “Margaery, we didn’t all grow up in mansions.” “Sansa, you literally grew up in a mansion.” “College has made me frugal.” “Don’t I know it.” “If this is about buying the off brand cereal again-” “No, this is about buying the off brand soup-” “That was one time, can you please let it go!” Sansa and Margaery paused just then and stared at each other for a moment, thinking about what had just conspired. “Did we just-” “I think so-” “-have a fight about paint swatches?” Margaery finished, struggling to hold back her laughter. “Well, it’s official.” “What is?” Margaery asked. “We’re officially an old married couple.” “I’m still painting the bedroom ‘Lilacs in June’” Margaery smiled once before jumping back into the fray. “Over my dead body!” Notes: thank you for reading :D check out my writing blog @wrigglingwritings or my main @fields-of-falafel and if you want to see your fav f/f ship with a prompt check out my femslash february masterpost http://wrigglingwritings.tumblr.com/post/137121033201/femslash-february and i'lll see you guys tomorrow :D (once i learn how to link the thing that will hopefully change yeet)