Poe Poe was the first to die. That was expected. He was the oldest, and he was the highest risk of the trio. The way they found him was what they hadn’t expected. He didn’t leave a note. When he had made his mind up, he hardly had the strength to keep himself standing and hold the weapon to his forehead. He could barely breathe for crying, but breathing wasn’t exactly something he was intending on doing much longer anyway. He didn’t want people to blame themselves for his death, and he was worried that by leaving a note he’d do more harm than good. Besides, who was there that was actually going to read it? He didn’t think twice about it. Poe didn’t take a deep breath to prepare for the surging pain he was going to feel. Instead, he focused on the sweet release that would come from the pull of the trigger – the nothingness he would feel once it was all over. As the sobs leaving his body became too much for him to control, Poe fired the blaster. His lifeless form was found in his quarters by none other than General Organa herself. She had never thought that she would see the passing of her greatest pilot, she had always thought that he would outlive her. But there was no denying it. Poe lay in a crumpled heap on the floor, blaster wound to his temple, and the blaster that caused it laying a short distance from his body. No one had ever seen it coming, and that made it hurt all the more. Rey was off planet at the time, she was training with Master Skywalker. She had felt a disturbance and Luke had sensed her distress. They had used it as a training exercise, an exercise that was cut brutally short when she realised what it was she sensed. Luke didn’t blame her as she made a run for the Millennium Falcon to return to D’Qar. Finn had been in the medical wing picking up some prescription painkillers when he received message that General Organa wished to speak to him personally. The painkillers now lay messily over the floor of the General’s office, a shell shocked Finn standing and staring blankly into the distance. When Rey had returned, the two of them were told exactly how he had been found, their hands entwining tightly as they received the news. They had never know Poe for long, but he had seemed like a fighter even in the short time they had spoken. Neither could believe that he would take his own life. They had both fought through so much to get to where they were that neither of them could imagine ever ending their own lives. However hot and lonely Rey was in the deserts of Jakku, she knew one day she would get out and that kept her going. However afraid Finn was, however many times he was reconditioned, he knew that he would somehow escape and that kept him going. It was then that they allowed themselves to ask – what did Poe ever have to keep him going? Finn had read about his parents in the Rebellion, he knew that Poe was born into this mess and Poe felt a sense of duty to his parents to continue their work. Maybe that’s all he had ever been here for. They both knew how deeply he cared for the people he worked with, perhaps he had lost one too many. Finn had been witness to his torture and Rey had her own mind explored by Kylo Ren, perhaps the suffering from that had been too much for him. It didn’t matter, not anymore. They couldn’t save him. They had failed him. Rey stayed as calm as she could for Finn, but felt tears streaming down her own cheeks. It resembled how she had cried over Finn’s body on Starkiller Base, and she knew that if she were to see Poe’s body it would be so much worse – at least Finn had lived. Finn felt his hands curl into fists around his – Poe’s ­ – jacket, and he felt sobs rack through his body. He had never been able to show emotions, and now that he realised he was free to be happy and sad and everything in between, he felt everything with as much passion as he could. It was no understatement when he said that this broke his heart. He leant into Rey, despite her being smaller than him, and buried his head in her neck. Her arms immediately came around him and she kept him close. She whispered promises of never leaving him alone, doing everything she could to get him into a state in which they could leave the General and return to their own quarters to grieve more privately. Rey’s room was just as nice as Finn’s, if not nicer, and they had made themselves comfortable on her bed. Neither wanted to leave the other’s side that night. The last thing they wanted was to feel any more alone than they already did. The absence of Poe had struck them to the bone and the only warmth either of them felt was when they were in the other’s arms. Rey smelled of moss, grass, and rain, with a little sea water mixed in. He supposed that’s what it was like, wherever she trained with Luke. Despite the fact that he had never been there, and he had no idea of what the place was like, he wanted to call that smell home. He brought a hand to her hair and ran his fingers through, feeling what the sea water had done to it. It was a strange texture, but he thought he liked it. It was comforting, being able to feel something and being reassured that he was safe in Rey’s arms. He tried to calm his sobs and allow her a little time to grieve herself, not wanting her to bottle it all in for him. He focused on her smell and tried to picture the planet she trained on, giving his mind something to occupy him. Finn had the softest skin that Rey had ever felt. His hands had always been protected with gloves and his body with armour, whereas she had been exposed to the elements and had been scaling all sorts of ships to try and get by. Her hands felt so hard in comparison. She felt so safe in his soft, strong, arms, and she felt like she could stay there for the rest of her life. She really wouldn’t complain if she did. Lying there together felt like they were making a silent promise, that they would never leave each other as long as they lived. Both of them were more than happy to adhere to that promise. Notes: I'm so sorry. If you guys have some cute ideas (or angsty stuff) for me to do in this format let me know. And if I crushed your hearts into tiny pieces, let me know as well! Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the The New Heroes series