It was well known that local rich jerk Brendol Hux Jr. threw the best parties. His parents were never around, on some kind of business overseas, he had a house big enough to fit roughly the entire school and some, and there was a pool. He’d also rigged up the most elaborate sound system (the Starkiller Bass) this side of Ibiza, capable of shaking the house to its very foundations, and deafening any who strayed too close. Of course, Hux never attended his parties but to walk through occasionally (usually in the quietest lulls pre-midnight and post 4AM) in order to feel the proud twang of being thanked for such good hosting skills, and to be cheered for. There were few things that warmed his heart like being thanked for not attending disgusting parties and trashing his parents’ expensive furniture. His room he had soundproofed years before, and he would spend quiet evenings with a bottle of Pinot Grigio and a good book. His best decision so far was to promote some of the cleaning staff that had been hanging around the previous evening to staff the impromptu bar he’d set up. He charged 20% extra, and 10% of the proceeds would go to charity. It would make his good name only grow, what with his father’s latest blunders with his own PR image. The alcohol ranged from vintage to cleaning fluid, (who was he to criticise his guests’ income?) and he’d chucked a few of his bodyguards around the area for good measure. So far in his hosting career, nobody had died, which he considered a bout of good luck. Last time there had been a close call, leading to a lawsuit which he’d really rather not have to deal with again, so he had set up security cameras, a bank of TV screens in his room recording everyone’s actions so he could have some count of deniability this time. It was about two AM when he glanced at the screens and saw a figure in black on their dining room table, spinning dangerously fast with their hands to the sky. Hux picked up his bookmark, slotted it into the page (he’d just finished a satisfying chapter,) closed the book and placed it on his desk. He rose from his chair, looked back at the screen and saw that the figure was gone. He bit his lip. One constant guest to his parties was the Mayor’s son, Ben Organa. Or Kylo Ren, as he was calling himself these days. Kylo Ren, who had run away from his parents’ house and had quasi-adopted himself into the Hux household. Hux had enough room, and his parents were more than pleased to have a viable reason to suck up to the Organas. (They also revelled in telling themselves and their peers how Kylo had chosen them over the ingrateful Organa family which, of course, meant the Huxes were better.) They attempted to actually adopt Kylo at one point, but that had proved a step too far, and they weren’t too keen on igniting another Kylo-tantrum. Now they had other ideas, a constant stream that usually amounted to their ordering their son to befriend Kylo, deceive Kylo, seduce Kylo. Hux had become strangely attached to Kylo, in the way, he supposed, one might become attached to a class pet, or to a particularly promising science project. A rat that displayed rather interesting abilities, or could glow green after being injected with a new drug. Fascinating. He also knew that no matter how lax his parents were with their house being destroyed by absolutely plastered students, they’d throw a hissy if anything were to happen to their precious Organa. He hoped Kylo hadn’t fallen off of the table and smashed his skull on the mahogany serving tables that lined the dining room. He leant towards each screen, scanning for the black figure in the undulating crowds, but the party was at its height and it was impossible to distinguish one person from another. He picked the radio he’d left beside the security cameras and clicked it on. “Does anyone have eyes on Kylo? Over.” Several voices buzzed negative, barely audible over bass and voices, until one buzzed an “uhm Sir?” “Yes?” Hux said, impatient. “Where is he.” “Well uhm, this is Finn, at the bar, and I think- well, he uh- he said he had something very important to do in the cellars, and he had permission from you? And said you were very very busy doing important-” Hux cut the man off with an order to get back to the bar and took a moment to set his face. Kylo was growing disobedient, bigger than his own boots. He was using Hux’s influence, instead of Hux using his. The Huxes were particular about their wine cellar, and not even the cleaning/ bar staff were to go in unaccompanied. That they had let Kylo in was a huge misstep on Hux’s part. Hux straightened his tie, squared his shoulders, unlocked his door and prepared for bedlam. It took nearly seven minutes to clear one room, until he grabbed a bodyguard who pushed people out of the way for him. By the time he reached the bar Hux had almost forgotten about Kylo in his attempts to concentrate on anything but the wet patch on his shoulder (a Jägerbomb,) the state of his hair (someone had fluffed it, fluffed it , put their unwashed, sticky fingers through his hair and pulled apart the neatly combed order,) and the stickiness to the bottom of his shoe; just enough that he could feel his heel gumming to the marble of the kitchen floor. As he approached he saw one of the bar staff fluster, drop their teatowel and approach. This would be Finn then: a man of medium height and build, reasonably attractive. Hux had seen the man about the house before, part of the evening cleaning crew. He waved Finn to be quiet before the man could start with his excuses. “Go back to your duties. I’ll sort this.” “Yes Sir, thank you!” Finn seemed relieved as he left, renewing his duties with vigour. Perhaps Hux wouldn’t fire him tonight. A first offence and all. He unlocked the cellar door, ordering the two bodyguards he’d towed along stand at the exit so that they were ready if they needed to carry Kylo to his room. Hux was assuming by the state Kylo had been in on the table he would be insensible at this point. Thankfully Hux didn’t have to search far to find the overgrown man-child, who was sat, cross-legged with his eyes closed, a bottle of wine between his legs. “What a pitiful sight,” Hux said as he approached, standing above Kylo, who flinched. Well at least he was lucid, which would make assessing his state of liver damage easier. “Bren… Can I drink this?” Hux bit the inside of his lip as Kylo lifted the bottle. Chateau Lafite Rothschild 1982, part of his father’s premium collection. He was fairly sure his father had bought this particular bottle for just under thirty grand. “No, you cannot drink that,” Hux said, going to confiscate the bottle. “Oh. Sorry.” Hux’s stomach dropped as he lifted the bottle from Kylo’s lax fingers and felt how light it was. It was hard to see in the dim of the cellar, but as he lifted the bottle to his face, there was a waft of cabernet sauvignon and petit verdot. He felt physically ill as he run a finger along the rim, a soft hum of glass accompanying the damp of wine and saliva on his skin. “I run out,” Kylo whispered in a soft, pained voice. Hux licked the wine off of his finger, not wanting to wipe it into his clothes. Beside Kylo was a box, much like you’d get juice in. Hux recognised it as Country Manor medium dry perry, £5 for 3 litres. He hoped to hell Kylo hadn’t drunk all four bottle’s worth of wine a box like that could hold. He touched the box with his foot and it seemed suspiciously empty; though he could have nicked a half-box from the bar. He would have to ask Finn. Kylo had drunk maybe a third of the Rothschild, and whatever else he’d mixed into the fray between wines. Hux pulled at the material of his trousers so he could crouch before Kylo, drawing his attention away from the bottle and to his eyes. Hux smoothed Kylo’s hair back from his face, keeping his hand ontop of Kylo’s head to prevent the ridiculous fringe from falling back into his eyes. “Are you going to be sick?” Kylo shook his head and looked visibly more queasy for doing so. “You’re gonna mess up my hair.” Hux rolled his eyes, dropping the fringe and falling back from his haunches so he was sat on his butt on the cold floor. “It doesn’t suit you anyway.” Kylo sniffed, sounding suspiciously like he’d been crying, and averted his eyes. “You wouldn’t understand.” “Ah yes. How could I even deign to think I could understand your fashion sense, Mr. Organa, Sir.” The change in Kylo’s face could’ve been funny if Hux didn’t think it were likely Kylo could smash a bottle and glass Hux’s neck. “Don’t talk about them,” Kylo spat. Hux could feel specks of Kylo’s spit on his face and steadied his breathing. He was close to smashing a bottle himself and leaving the boy to bleed out among the vintage. “Whatever you command, Sir.” Hux couldn’t help but add the honourific. It was something he usually only used in referral to Kylo in front of his parents, to piss them off. ‘You’re supposed to be his friend, not his servant,’ was one particular favourite Hux Senior quote. “Can you stand?” Kylo sniffed again and rocked a bit, eventually making enough momentum to rock to his knees, then to his forelegs, and, slowly, to his feet. Hux couldn’t help but steady the kid as he swayed. Kylo had had a growth spurt within the last year and was looking to be a tall, gangly adult. As it was, Hux still had maybe an inch on him, though it didn’t seem likely that Hux would continue growing after this. He was resigned to being average. He’d filled out well enough, in a way he doubted Kylo ever would, so at least he didn’t look like a gust of wind could trip him over. “Can I bring this?” Kylo had taken the bottle back (when had that happened?) and was lapping at the lip of it like he wasn’t sure he’d be allowed to drink any more of it. Well, it was open, and it would screw with his father. “Fine. We’ll drink it upstairs.” Hux called to the guards, who took an elbow each (lightly, Kylo didn’t like being manhandled,) and accompanied him up the stairs. Once they’d passed the bar, (Finn watching in what looked like an equal mix of terrified and relieved,) they started to push through the rabble, Kylo now propped against Hux as the guards formed a protective barrier around them. Hux had one arm around Kylo’s waist, the other holding Kylo’s arm around his neck to keep him holding on. This close, Hux could smell the fumes being emitted from Kylo’s breath, the heady scent of cheap wine and the noxious alcohol content going to Hux’s head. As they neared the stairs, there was a crash too near them, a silence, followed by the whooping cheers of hundreds of people egging on a fight. This close to the stairs, Hux waved the security body towards the fight (still vying for a death-free party.) About two steps up, Hux regretted having sent both of them away. Kylo’s energy seemed to have been leeched by the journey so far and Hux was practically lugging Kylo up while he muttered nonsense to himself. “Bren… do you think my mum hates me?” “Mayor Organa doesn’t hate anyone. That’s practically her slogan.” Not that Hux was an Organa-supporter, nor did he particularly want Kylo to reconcile with his parents. You couldn’t argue that Kylo carried some power, even if he was young and inexperienced. A perfect puppet kingpin. Kylo sniffed again, relaxing, which didn’t help with Kylo’s efforts. “My dad never lets me be who I want to be… and mum doesn’t stick up for me… even though I just want to be like her dad…” “Your grandfather tried to kill like… everyone in the state and your mum’s had to take back the image of wholesome family values.” Kylo’s turning out to be a Vader supporter had been the best thing that could happen to the Huxes. “It’s hardly going please them, is it.” “But my mum is so cool, she could be a great First Order person.” “You have a weird Oedipus complex thing going on, Kylo. Please don’t kill your dad. I won’t pay for your bail if you end up in jail.” Hux’s words were becoming more and more strained the further up they went, and for the first time, Hux wondered why exactly they needed such ridiculously high ceilings since it meant their staircases ended up being twice as high. “Bren…?” “Yes?” “You’re groping my butt.” Hux wanted to drop Kylo, to let him climb the stairs himself, but he pulled himself together, moved his offending hand, and they continued. “Thank you, Bren…” By the time they’d reached the second floor, Hux was out of breath and could see stray hairs falling into his eyes. He could feel the thin film of sweat settle on his brow, and knew his cheeks would be a rosy red. His room being closest, he decided he would sacrifice the temporary disarray Kylo would be so he could catch his breath, before depositing Kylo in his own bed. Hux cared very little for his house. It was luxurious, it was stylish, and it was functional as a home, but he would very readily let it be trashed. All but one room; his apartment-like bedroom/ sitting room, which opened into its private library and a small ensuite. Here he decorated sparsely with white and black to match his clothing aesthetic: the room predominantly white with black sofas and black trim. It was very unlike the gold and marble of downstairs, with decadent purple velvets and mismatching decor to look like a 19th Century aristocrat’s abode. He let very few people mess with his room. He had a small, trusted team of cleaning staff. His mother was allowed to enter, his father was allowed to ask. Kylo hadn’t ever shown interest in knowing what Hux’s private quarters looked like. Hux left Kylo in the doorway, attempting to clear a pathway for the drunk so that he could leave him to sober up a little. “Kylo. Sit.” Hux pointed at a sofa, made of black leather, that Kylo could perch on without (hopefully) damaging anything. As he crossed the room, Kylo looked around him, taking interest in Hux’s personal items like every metre was fascinating. As he passed the bank of screens, Kylo paused to watch like he’d never seen something so enthralling. He lost interest fairly quickly and his eyes slipped to Hux’s desk, where his novel lay awaiting to be completed. It was an embarrassingly cliché romance novel, fairly bland but entirely, satisfyingly predictable. “Oh…” Kylo smiled faintly. “Uncle Luke reads these!” Kylo pointed at the book, forgetting the hand was currently no unoccupied, and still held the relatively full 1982 Rothschild. Hux watched as the deep, dark red drained from bottle towards his sleek, silver macbook pro, open and currently running various work-related programs. The screen flashed once, twice, then the fans stuttered and died. As he watched hours of work disappear, drips of red leaked from the machine with a languid obscenity, pooling into a purple stain on Hux’s white-wood desk. A tract of wine found a groove in the wood and formed a path across desk and down, collecting into a drop on the side of the desk that grew and grew until it was too heavy to hang and dropped, circling in the air. The drop was absorbed into the plush of Hux’s cream carpet with a sickening soundlessness. Hux felt like he might be having a heart attack. Kylo drinking the 30K wine in a drunken state was painful but still remained funny. Hux watching Kylo slosh the alcohol onto his off-white carpet was in a world of its own. He took a step towards nothing, stopped, and felt his perfect posture crumble into a slouch. Something overrid his manual brain function. He took the wine from Kylo, made him sit, and picked up the radio to ask whoever was nearest to bring a bucket, which arrived within the minute. “Don’t throw up.” Hux said as he passed the bucket to Kylo. He could deal with the wine stains later. He left his room and headed towards Kylo’s. Kylo was particular about his room being entered without his permission (something Hux alone had free reign to abuse,) hence his having to do this dirty work for himself. He resigned himself to plucking a used shirt and fleece pyjama bottoms from Kylo’s (unmade) bed. Hux repressed the urge to clean Kylo’s room while he was in it, and returned to his own across the hall to find Kylo with the bucket on his head. On. His. Head. Hux clutched the filthy clothing in his hands all the tighter. Kylo Ren was a child and he was sat on Hux’s bedroom floor drunk on wine that cost both ends of the fucking spectrum with a bucket on his head. “What are you doing?” He had to ask, he had to know what was going through Kylo’s head. “My grandpa had a helmet like this,” came the echoed reply. What a beautiful fucking world Hux lived in. Kylo Ben Organa Ren was a tragically beautiful mess. It was too much. He had to laugh. All his nervous energy, all his anger, his disgust at the stain on his floor, it all welled up and was released as a laugh. This was probably what they called a nervous breakdown, but it was better than literally stopping Kylo’s heart. He slid to the floor, loosening his tie as he did so. He watched Kylo’s bucket head for a few seconds in forced silence, trying to stem his laughter, but he couldn’t do it. His chest hurt as he tried to stop breathing, and there were tears in his eyes. He couldn’t do it, he couldn’t look at bucket-head for any longer. He lifted it off of Kylo’s head, whose eyes had diluted, giving him a wide-eyed, owl-like expression. It was too much. Hux’s laughter doubled until he was physically bent over, clutching his stomach. God, he was going to be sick. He hurt mentally and physically, and all he could do was think about Kylo wearing a fucking bucket. “Bren… Are you jealous of me?” Between gulped breaths, Hux managed to say something that sounded close to: “What, because of your bucket fashion?” Kylo shook his head, his stupid fringe flicking back and forth across his forehead in a stupid way. Hux wanted to cut the fringe off, but apparently Kylo was trying to grow it out. “No, ‘cause your parents like me. They call me ‘courgette’. They call you Junior.” Kylo made an expression that looked like the embodiment of a colon-open-bracket. “Oh god, I have daddy issues,” Hux realised, before clutching his heart. “I’m as bad as you, fuck.” “I don’t have daddy issues,” Kylo insisted. “I think your dad wants me to marry you.” “Oh boy you don’t know the half of it, holy fuck. If they knew you were drunk, in my room, on my fucking floor.” Hux paused mid-thought, stood, went to his drinks cabinet, and brought back two of his (less precious) glasses. He took the Rothschild back, poured the remnants into the two glasses and passed one to Kylo. “Bottoms up.” He swilled the glass, paused again and thought. How delightful would it be to just drink the fucking thing without going through the whole damned process of etiquette. He wouldn’t even enjoy the drink. How about that for petty daddy-issues. He chugged half the glass, feeling some escape and trickle down his chin. He wiped it away with his sleeve. He felt worse. When he looked up, Kylo was holding a bottle. A different bottle. A bright red bottle that he was emptying into his glass of vintage wine. “Kylo, what is that?” “Lambo… Lambi? It’s sweet and tasty.” “I know what it is: Lambrini Cherry, £2 a bottle. I’m asking why you’re drinking it. Where did it come from?” Kylo patted his cape/coat pocket, grinning at its ability to hide beverages. “It makes the gross wine taste better.” He held his glass up, the deeper red slowly forming a vortex of intermingling drinks. Hux gulped. He was watching Mayor Organa’s son mix Rothschild with Lambrini. “Wanna try?” Hux took the offered glass, staring into the murky depths. He swilled for ten seconds, willing the Lambrini to split, to separate itself from its cheaper, dirtier counterpart. As he did so, the wines aerated, allowing the smell of grape and artificial cherry reach his nose. He tipped the glass slightly, allowing himself to smell the glass closer, picking up the richer aroma of Rothschild, though definitely overwhelmed by the candy-sweet syrupy-ness of the Lambrini. One sip to allow a small amount to wash over his tongue, to release the secret textures of flavour- Hux could almost swear he watched himself like he was having an outer-body experience. He saw himself swill… smell… sip, and then spit the mouthful out, spraying Kylo, mostly, though his carpet did not come away unscathed. Kylo seemed shocked. That was probably natural. Hux had just spat wine on him. Wine diluted with shitty Lambrini. Hux wanted to die. “You shouldn’t waste drinks, Bren, it’s not very nice.” Hux looked down at the glass, looked Kylo in the eye, lifted the glass back up to his lips, and chugged. It was a rather larger glass than he’d remembered it being, but he chugged, and chugged, until he was draining the last drops. He wanted to puke. Kylo seemed to be thinking the same thing. They both reached for the bucket at the same time. Kylo grabbed it first, mother nature taking its course. Hux managed to swallow his down. His head swooned. Hux vaguely remembered that he was supposed to be getting Kylo out of his ripped skinny jeans, into pyjamas and putting him to sleep, but this seemed much more exciting. Watching Kylo puke into a bucket. Hux scooted closer, brushed Kylo’s fringe from his face, and held it back as he retched. With nothing else to do, his other hand smoothed down Kylo’s back in soft motions. Whatever. Kylo wouldn’t remember this in the morning, and nobody believe him if he did. Once Kylo seemed to have calmed down a bit, Hux’s strokes became soothing circles, then he pulled away completely. “I’ll get you some water and toast.” “No, please stay…” Hux rolled his eyes. He might be going soft but he wasn’t listening to an Organa’s orders. Requests. Whatever. “I’ll be five minutes. Don’t move.” He stood, made sure Kylo wasn’t going to drown in his own vomit, and went to the kitchen. The party had started to break up by now, assumedly because of the fight earlier. The kitchen was relatively empty, and by this point of the evening, nobody was sober enough to recognise him, dishevelled as he was. He caught sight of himself in the kitchen window, attempted to straighten himself up, sighed, gave up and went to make toast. It was a miracle there was any bread left but he found a couple of slices and put them in the toaster. While he waited, he took out a tray, got two glasses of water, a couple of plates and lay everything out neatly. As he was doing so, he could hear slightly raised voices, demands shouted, but assumed that the fight was maybe still being dealt with. Then he felt his pocket buzz. His phone read that the head of security was calling him. “What?” “...The Police are here, Sir. Demanding to be let in.” “Shit. Fine. Whatever. I’m in the kitchen.” Hux dropped his phone to the kitchen counter and panicked. He wasn’t over the limit. He hadn’t taken drugs. He would say the party got out of hand. He knew which teenagers were likely to have fought, knew which his parents hated. He could easily pin anything on them. He had Kylo as his alibi. He should have kissed him for added believability. Shit. He re-did his top shirt button, attempted to part his hair. Gulped some water, undid the button, mussed his hair. He’d go with the kissing-Kylo alibi. “Mr. Hux?” Hux turned from where he was slouching over the sink, finding two police-officers in the doorway. “I’m Officer Dameron, this is my partner, Officer Eight, we’re here to investigate a call about a fight?” “I don’t know anything about it. I’ve been-” Hux laughed, an unexpected thought of Kylo in a bucket surfacing. “With. Kylo.” “Right.” Officer Dameron looked like he was pretty amused, which… was most likely because Hux Jr. had a very reliable public image of stoic infallibility. “May we have your permission to check the scene of the crime?” “Yeah… yeah. Sure.” Hux trailed after the officers, who were led by Hux’s security team, to where a room full of teenagers were sat, looking mopey. A couple of them were sporting rather sizeable bruises, a couple holding wet rags to wounds. “Christ… what the hell happened?” Hux asked, regaining his stiff back as all eyes fell to him. Officer Eight signed to their partner, who nodded. “We’ve been told it was a fight between First Order and Resistance supporters,” Dameron told Hux. Hux eyed the room, wondering which of them had come to a party in the First Order-supporting household and had revealed themselves as Resistance members. What assholes. “If you need me, I’ll be in my room.” He needed to talk to Kylo before they could be questioned. With their hands full, the two officers probably wouldn’t be free for the next hour or two, so he’d have plenty of time to sober-up Kylo, get him to lie, and to maybe kiss him a bit. Add some truth to the lie. His bedroom door was open. He sped up a little. His room was empty. No Kylo. His radio crackled to life and he reached for it out of instinct. “Sir? Do you read me?” “Yeah.” “We uh, we have a problem. Mr. Ren has… assaulted one of the police officers. With an upside-down crucifix. He’s being arrested.” “Well stop them.” “Mr. Ren he’s…” the line died for a second, then the voice returned, hastier. “He’s punched the other police officer, and now one of the bar staff has punched him, and there’s a girl, she’s- I think she’s got a tazer-” Silence. “Mr. Ren has been tazed, he’s being handcuffed-” Silence. “Shall I advise him not to talk, Sir?” “Stall them, I’m coming.” Hux stuffed the radio into his blazer pocket (feeling the seams rip) and dashed down the stairs. As he reached the bottom he slowed, ever one to maintain appearances. As he appeared, he took in the sight. Officer eight was nursing their cheek, looking okay but for a bruised pride. They were the one holding Kylo captive. Officer Dameron was at the dining table, bleeding from a head wound. The offending crucifix was on the table. Hux recognised Finn as the bar staff who’d probably punched Kylo, but who was now tending to the officer’s bloody head. Then there was the girl, who looked pissed as everyone else, clutching a bottle of what looked like homebrewed vodka to her chest. He turned to Kylo. “I thought they’d come to arrest you,” Kylo said, answering the unasked question. “I thought I was protecting you.” Hux took a deep breath. He told himself he had to do it for his alibi, that without Kylo, any one of the people at the party could claim any number of things. He denied the churning feeling he got when he saw the cuffs restraining Kylo; the drunken fear in his eyes. “Don’t say anything until the lawyer gets to you.” Hux put a hand on Kylo’s shoulder, decided that wouldn’t do, and raised it to Kylo’s cheek. “You’ll be fine.” Hux must have been a better actor than he thought; he found that even he was believing the sentiment he was showing. He watched as Officer Eight led Kylo away, sending Hux a respectful nod of a good evening, then as the other guests were shuttled out. Nearly alone, Hux could feel reality start to set in. “Uhm, Mr. Hux, Sir?” Hux was startled to find he had zoned out quite so entirely that he hadn’t heard the man approaching. “Finn.” “I… I quit? Your family is like, really messed up, and I quit. Also I’m sorry I hit your boyfriend? And uhm, I’m sorry Rey nearly killed him. Yeah. He’s a dick, though. So maybe get a different boyfriend? Have a good night.” Hux nodded. Finn left, dragging ‘Rey’ with him. He was alone. He went to his room, took one look at the carpet, avoided looking at the bucket, and went back down to the kitchen. He ate a slice of the cold toast, left in the toaster, drank some water, then went to his chauffeur, who drove him to the police station. He paid Kylo’s bail, helped him into the car before the paparazzi could take any good photos, took him home, change him out of his skinny jeans and into his pjs, tucked him into bed with a glass of water, then fell asleep on top of him. He woke up, fully clothed and hurting , sunlight streaming through windows that weren’t his own, surrounded by smells that weren’t his, in a bed that most certainly was not his. His mouth felt dry, his eyes felt like sandpaper, and his brain was working like it had been filled with tar. He worked his way to opening his eyes and the first thing he saw was a terrified Kylo Ren. Horizontal. Staring at him. In bed. Hux processed this, remembered the events of last night in shocking HD, wondered whether Kylo could remember anything at all past his downing more than a litre of wine, sighed, rolled over and closed his eyes. “You got drunk, puked, punched a police officer, went to jail, I paid your bail, we didn’t fuck.” “I spilt your dad’s expensive wine on your white carpet.” So he remembered then. “And I puked on it.” “Into a bucket,” Hux corrected, though, now he thought about it, it was very likely Kylo had missed. He’d have to strip the entire room. That was fine. “It’s fine.” “You haven’t killed me.” “Nobody’s more surprised than me,” Hux said. “Trust me, I’m trying to work it out myself.” “Thank you.” ‘For what part?’ Hux wanted to ask, though he assumed Kylo meant all of it. “Whatever,” he said instead. Kylo didn’t smell quite so appaling now the alcoholic fumes had dissipated, and it was quite easy to fall back asleep in the gross, comfortable, potentially festering, body-warm bed. - Hux walked into the kitchen to see his father, head in hands, looking defeated. Hux attempted to escape before either were forced to acknowledge that this had happened, but his father chanced to look up, they met eyes, and Hux was obliged to ask his father what was wrong. Hux’s father’s eye went to the door that lead to the cellar. Hux’s stomach flipped. He started towards it before his father could explain. It was obvious what had happened even as he walked into the cellar, the pungent smell of spoilt wine heavy in the air. How, though? The room’s temperature and humidity was regulated by a small dial- Hux reached the aisle Kylo had been sat, crying in all those weeks ago. With the lights on, it was much easier to see what Kylo had been up to. Kylo had removed all of the bottles from their horizontal racks (placed that way so the cork didn’t dry out, crack, and thus prevented premature oxidisation,) and had stood them all upright. To dry out. And crack. And rot. He’d probably thought he was doing a good thing. Probably wondered why the wine was the wrong-way-up. Had wanted to help. “I’m going to kill him,” he told no-one in particular, wondering if it would have been better not to have bribed the jury into letting Kylo off scot-free. Hux wondered if his parents would allow him to pack his things before being kicked out. Maybe he could go and live with Mayor Organa. He and Kylo had a thing going now, didn’t they? She’d get a great PR boost from ‘converting’ both her own and Hux’s son to her side. He could see himself on Organa’s soft sofa, sharing a bottle of white as they read. The thought was as ludicrous as letting Kylo rot in jail. They weren’t kicked out, which Hux was pretty surprised to be told. It did mean no more parties, and a limited amount of access to the cellars but strangely enough, Hux was finding the violently-pink Lambrini was growing on him, as was the man who’d introduced it to him. How disgusting . Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Wine Mom Hux series Next Work →