"You aren't coming with me?" Her words were flat. Hollow, even to her own ears. But in spite of that—in spite of how the young woman wanted nothing more than to forget everything she had so recently witnessed—she forced herself to meet her Uncle's gaze in that moment; her already dampened spirits falling still further as his lips tightened into a thin line. "No, Breia." "But mother will want to see you-" "I very much doubt that, child" Luke returned; noting the crest-fallen expression that had taken over Breia's features, and reaching out to place a hand upon her shoulder "Yours is the face she will want to see." "How can you know that?" Breia questioned; wincing as her slight shift in position tugged at the newly healing edges of the wound at her side "I let him turn, too." "You didn't. You tried to stop him." "And it wasn't enough." "Nothing would have been enough" Luke admonished; relinquishing his hold on the young woman's shoulder, and reaching into the pack at his side. The metallic object that he withdrew had Breia drawing back away from him; her voice ragged as she shook her head. "No. No, I can't take that." "You must, Breia." "No-" The girl repeated; flinching away yet again as the fingers of one hand curled into a fist, with nails digging into her palm "Uncle, please, I can't." Her Uncle approached her, then; one hand resolutely holding onto the device that had once been her lightsaber, even as the other gently reached for and connected with her wrist. "You cannot forget your teachings, Breia" He said; looking his niece in the eye and finding nothing there but pain. Pain and regret. "There will come a time when you will need them again." … It seemed as though she had been away for ages; the bustle of activity around the base startling her with its fervent nature. In just a few years, the Resistance had burgeoned from a handful of men and women to seemingly hundreds; the sight of everyone milling about bringing Breia pause as she slowed to a stop. Had she truly missed so much? In truth, the young woman found herself all but unable to avoid wondering if she might not have been better off here; separate from her brother. Separate from the man who had singlehandedly blown apart all of the dreams they had once shared for rebuilding the Jedi order. Their Uncle Luke had taken them in. He had taught them, and numerous others about the Force. He had aided each one of them in learning to wield such a tool—in learning to let it strengthen without giving it the power to consume. And she had gone along with those lessons eagerly; drinking everything in as though starving. Both she, and Ben—her brother—had grown in strength and capability. And then he had blown it all to hell. Had she been on D'Qar, with their mother and father, Breia might have found herself spared some of the overwhelming guilt she now felt. Had she not been with her brother and the other Padawans, she would have been powerless to stop what had transpired. But she had been there. She had seen everything in the events leading up to Ben's betrayal. And she had tried—she had tried to stop him. But to do that, she knew, would have required her to become a willing participant in his death. There, she had faltered, and he had succeeded; leaving her with the searing ache of a scar at her side to remember her failure. Almost as if in response to just such a thought, Breia placed a hand at her side; cringing away from the pain for a moment, and doing as best she could to avoid succumbing to the bitter memory that was its origin. Her brother had not killed her. That much, she supposed, she had to thank him for; at least in theory. He could have ended her; she knew without a doubt. What did his inaction say? Did she dare hope he was not as far gone as his actions implicated? Forcing such thoughts to the side, Breia settled instead for resuming her steps that would lead her towards the room in which she had been told she might find her mother; her heart beating out a rapid staccato of beats within her chest as she did as best she could to anticipate what was to come. She knew enough of her Uncle's fears regarding how the General would take the news that had likely reached her of her son's actions. Would she feel the same sense of disappointment in her daughter, for failing to stop him? The sensation of a hand at her elbow startled Breia back to the present, then; her free hand coming up to dash at the errant tear that had begun to track its way down her cheek even as the other clutched the lightsaber her Uncle had given her while the man who had refocused her attentions to the world surrounding her spoke. "This way, Miss Solo. The General will see you now." It was now or never. … The room was exactly how she had remembered it; the circular table still surrounding the hologram with chairs for each of the vital members of the Resistance. She could recall chasing Ben around this very room after he had stolen one toy or another from her room. She could recall sitting in on some of the meetings her mother held; torn between falling asleep, and laughing at the antics of her brother and Chewie. But now, instead of holding amusement, or a faint sense of anticipation for what the future may hold; it held a strange emptiness, made all the more clearer by the absence of anyone in the proximity outside of her mother, and a tall, dark-haired stranger in an orange fly-suit. Hanging back, the young woman observed the interaction between the two for a moment; her anxiety mounting once more as she took in how exhausted her mother appeared. True to form, she was trying to pull things together. She was trying to prevent anyone else from seeing her true temperament. But even after so many years apart, Breia did not miss the lines of worry that marred her mother's brow. She did not miss how the older woman's arms were crossed over her chest; as though to shield her from their reality even as she faced it head on. And before she could stop herself, Breia was stepping forward; one hand reaching out to place the hilt of the weapon Luke had given her upon the table as she spoke, her words faint— "Mother-" Anything that she might have done to prepare herself for seeing her mother's expression in that moment fell away; the relief that passed between them almost palpable as Breia closed the distance between them, and permitted herself to be enfolded in her mother's arms. She was aware of the presence of the other man, of course—aware of how his eyes seemed to follow her with some mixture of awe and intrigue. But as quickly as she had come to that realization, her attention was diverted once again; the sound of her mother's voice suddenly releasing the pent-up emotion that she had been doing so much to avoid, and causing her to duck her head against the older woman's shoulder. "You may go, Dameron." Four simple words. Words that were not even meant for her, specifically. But even so, they had rendered her completely incapable of doing anything other than curling further into her mother's embrace; a low sob leaving her as she heard the sound of the door closing behind the other man that had been in the room with them, in conjunction with her mother's hushed words of comfort. "Hush now, Breia" The General intoned; tightening her hold on her daughter as she ran a hand through the younger woman's hair. "Hush now. You're home." … Chapter 2 "And what of the girl?" Snoke questioned; his voice pitched low as he loomed over the one who now called himself Kylo Ren "You were to bring her to me-" "I couldn't." "You couldn't" Snoke hissed; drawing back to sit straight in the makeshift throne he now occupied, and not bothering to restrain the dark power that boiled just out of sight around them in response to his rage—his disappointment—as he once again addressed the man before him. "Your sentiment is a distraction." "It is not sentiment" Ren mouthed; seemingly repulsed by the suggestion of such a feeling as he forced himself to stand on shaking limbs "I feel nothing for her." "Then why did you not kill her, or bring her to me?" The Supreme Leader's anger was palpable, then; the edges of the hologram shimmering in response to it even as he rose to stand to his full height. In spite of the remoteness of his presence, the power he wielded was, as always, unmistakeable. And Snoke found a certain sense of pleasure in how easily such a simple movement as standing had Kylo Ren scrabbling to pass off a sure-handed and unflappable appearance as he addressed him once more. "Your training will continue" He intoned; drawing the hood of his cloak up to partially obscure his features, and sparing one final glance of disdain for his unruly pupil before he finished. "Before this is done, I will have you both." There were two force-sensitive children that he needed. Two that he desired to wield for his own purpose. He had succeeded in swaying one— Before this was over, he would have the set. … Jolted out of an uneasy sleep by the sound of a harsh knocking on her door, Breia hastily swung her legs over the edge of the bed; one hand dragging through her disheveled hair as she stood and heaved a breath. Since her return to the Resistance base, she had done as best she could to remain scarce; her mind recoiling at the idea of confronting the censure she was sure would come in everyone's eyes. Of course no one would be likely to act on their thoughts; given her mother's station. But that knowledge did nothing to waylay the very real fear she felt that everyone except the General had already decided upon doubting her true allegiance; the dread she felt only multiplying as she forced her feet forward to answer the door. She knew she could not hide away forever… Doing as best she could to mask her misgivings, Breia opened the door as nonchalantly as she could; one brow rising as she recognized the man who stood before her as the same one that had been with her mother when she had first returned, her arms moving to cross over her chest on some unfounded defensive instinct while he spoke. "You okay?" Surprised, Breia only barely managed a nod as she took a step back so that he might follow her into the room she occupied; her hold on her own arms tightening as she took a breath before speaking. "Fine, thank you." "I'm-" "Poe Dameron" Breia supplied; noting the way the man's dark eyes widened in surprise at her recognition even as a grin spread across his features at her next words "My mother mentioned you a few times." "Huh. Lucky me." "Lucky?" The young woman questioned; motioning for Poe to take the seat that rested by the small, circular window that was only just beginning to let in the morning's light even as she opted for a seat on her bed "How so?" "I'm imagining she doesn't know everyone's name" He returned; one hand moving through dark curls as he took the seat the young woman offered and leveled another grin her way "Must mean I'm pretty special." Laughing in spite of her apprehension, Breia settled for resting both hands in her lap, instead of leaving them as they were around her torso; a faint flare of heat rushing to warm her cheeks as she met the man's gaze head-on, and noted sincere pleasure on his features. It was obvious to her, in that moment, that his confidence came from valuing her mother's opinon; not from arrogance… How interesting. "You adore her." "Who wouldn't?" Poe countered; the certainty of his conviction startling Breia as he continued speaking "She's a remarkable woman." "That she is." A moment's pause existed between them, then, during which time Breia's nerves once again began trying to get the better of her; her eyes flicking to the floor instead of remaining on the practical stranger that sat across from her. In truth, she had to admit that she was encouraged by how devoted he seemed to her mother—of how certain he seemed to be in their cause. But that did not stop her from still fearing that his esteem for the General might not, in fact, extend to her; her voice cracking in spite of her desire to prevent it at her next words. "Was there something I could help you with?" "No—no" Poe replied; standing and dragging a hand through his hair once again even as he managed a shrug and sent another signature smile Breia's way "The General just wanted me to ask if you would consider attending this afternoon's gathering." "Gathering?" Standing as Poe made to head back towards the door and the corridor beyond, Breia found herself biting her lip at the man's next reply; her skin warming once again at the look in his eyes as he spoke. "You're going to need to get in on the action sometime." … Breia could sense that her discomfort could not have been any more obvious. This was the first time that she had encountered more than a few of the individuals that now formed the Resistance in the weeks since she had returned to them at one time; her desire for remaining away from the majority of the activity instead of throwing herself in head-first as her mother had serving as a detriment now, as nothing else could. Those who had the privilege of being close to the General had known, of course, that she was recovering. That her injuries had been more challenging than originally anticipated. And although it was obvious that she had needed time to adjust to everything that had happened—although everyone had known that she needed rest to ensure a full return to normalcy—that knowledge clearly was not enough to stop the burning curiosity in everyone's eyes as they finally saw her in the flesh… But Poe had been right—she had to get back to the world at some point. In spite of her knowledge that the man had been right, however, Breia found that she was still anxious—she still felt out of place; one hand fidgeting with the hem of her sleeve as she looked to her mother for guidance. The look that passed between them was enough, in that moment, to give Breia the strength that she needed to remain standing, instead of turning and bolting for the door—but then the sound of a voice rising above the dull hum of the crowd redirected her attention to the crowd before her as one of the pilots towards the back of the room spoke. "You survived!" "Yes-" Breia replied; her tone hesitant—uncertain, as she swept a hand through her hair and shifted slightly on her feet in response to the next question posed to her. "Did anyone else?" Memory of that night—the night that her brother had done the unthinkable—caused the fingers of one hand to twitch haphazardly at her side as she looked once more towards her mother. As if she had been called back to that time, the sting of pain from her side rose up; desiring to render her distracted—desiring to make her falter in her fear. And although instinct brought her hand up to cover the wound that rested beneath the fabric of her rough-spun shirt—although the resultant pain at the contact of pressure with her skin threatened to have her doubled over—Breia pushed that pain aside as best she could; her eyes suddenly coming to rest upon Poe where he stood just a few rows back, the breath leaving her lungs in a rush before she finally replied: "No. No, there was no one else." "And you're certain it was your brother-" "I don't think that's really the point" Poe said then, standing and turning to direct a significant look towards the pilot that seemed so determined to harangue Breia; only to find himself cut short as the young woman began to speak again. "It was my brother" She said; her voice wavering for a moment until she had stepped forward and straightened her stance into something far more determined than she had been just moments previous "But that is not important." "Forgive me, then, but what is?" "What is important is remembering those who fell at his hand" Breia began; sharing one final glance with her mother, and noting the older woman's faint nod of approval before moving forward, determination now replacing the uncertainty of before "What is important is making certain that we do not fall behind in the fight against the First Order; and sacrifice all the advancements that have been made in that fight for the sake of taking vengeance against one person." "So you mean to fight with us then?" A moment's pause existed, then, in which the weight of the man's question hung in the air; its potency made that much greater by the implication of whatever the young woman's answer might be. If she said yes, she would be signing herself up for the possibility of fighting her own brother. Of killing him. But refusal was a thing that was equally as daunting. If she refused, there were some that would be only too likely to question her own loyalties. Steeled by that thought, along with her own stubborn refusal to be thought of as suspect, Breia exhaled a moment before she was speaking once again; her eyes flicking around the room as her voice reached them all. "Yes" She said; her shoulders squaring even in spite of the faint tremble to her hands as she held them at her sides "Yes, I will fight with you." The eruption of sound was deafening in that moment as everyone present seized upon Breia's words as a signal for renewed hope. In truth, the young woman could hardly believe that a simple statement would have such an effect; the display had taking her aback and causing her to take a hesitant step back until her mother's arm came to rest upon her elbow, and rooted her to the spot. But in spite of her very real misgivings—in spite of how fervently she had wished to avoid anything that would throw her into the spotlight any more than she already had been—she could also sense the beginnings of a fierce determination taking hold in her expression— For the first time in what seemed like ages, she felt as though she had found hope. … "You did a hell of a job up there." The voice reached her from the seat just immediately to her left; causing her to jump as she turned to face the source. Poe. "I was barely holding it together" Breia argued; anxious to dissuade the man from putting her on a pedestal—anxious to get him to stop looking at her as though she had just conquered the world "I'm sure everyone saw that." "What they saw was a reason to keep fighting." Pursing her lips, Breia fiddled with the stem of her glass instead of looking at Poe directly; trying to ignore how her hands were still trembling in response to what had transpired just one hour prior even as she felt the man's hand come to rest on her shoulder. The sensation was not altogether unpleasant, inasmuch as instinct all but screamed at her to pull away—but before she might have the opportunity to do just such a thing, she found herself instead taking a small measure of comfort in the gesture; the warmth of his palm against her skin giving her the wherewithal to speak. "Or they saw a liability." "Breia-" "It's possible, and you know it. More than possible" The young woman insisted; pulling back from the weight of Poe's hand on her shoulder then, in favor of tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. In spite of how badly she wanted to believe him—in spite of how she would have loved nothing more than to believe that no one would doubt her, she could not let herself give in. She could not trust that Poe may, in fact, have been right; her heart falling as she heard the conviction that was still present in his tone as he spoke. "You're not your brother." Hearing him defend her—hearing him sound as though he wholeheartedly believed in her ability to stand for what was good and right, instead of falling prey to the same darkness that had ensnared her brother was unfathomable. Unthinkable. He hardly knew her at all; and yet he was so fervently trying to promote her own faltering faith in herself—and as much as that knowledge filled Breia with something akin to warmth, she could not quite let herself take comfort in it all the same. He didn't know how close she had come to following Ben on his path… Before she could spend much more time dwelling on that fact, however, Breia found her attention once again diverted by the approach of her mother; the sudden appearance causing her to do all that she could to compose her expression into cautious neutrality as the older woman gave what amounted to an encouraging smile before speaking. "I'm glad I managed to find you. There's something I think both of you should see." … Chapter 3 "So this was Uncle Luke's?" Breia intoned; eyeing the device in her mother's hands with no paucity of awe, and aware that the man beside her was doing the exact same thing "Where did you find it?" "An old friend found it" The General returned; permitting her daughter to curl the fingers of one hand around the weapon's hilt, and noting the unmasked intrigue in her features "Apparently Luke visited him before disappearing entirely." "And it will be safe on Takodana?" "Maz is a strong ally, Breia, you know that" General Organa countered; taking heed of the faint trepidation in her daughter's expression even as she saw the determination in Poe's "You need to trust me on this." Watching as Breia nodded once before carefully placing the lightsaber back inside the wooden box it would be transported in, Leia turned to face Dameron then; catching how he had not quite seemed able to completely wrench his gaze away from her brother's weapon as she spoke. "If this goes awry, nothing can be tied to the Resistance" She began; a part of her hating how both her daughter and the man beside her had almost immediately looked to her with a mixture of surprise and hesitancy, before she was pressing forward "We cannot afford-" "A war" Breia finished; tucking a stray lock of hair behind her ear, and risking a glance at Poe before returning her attention to her mother "When do we leave?" "Tonight." Wonderful… … "You ready?" "As I'll ever be" Breia replied; dropping her pack into the storage compartment of the craft and shifting to the side so that Poe could store his own "You?" "Always." "And are you always this confident?" Poe's open laughter startled the young woman, in that moment; one brow rising as she moved to the cockpit and registered him following. "Aren't you?" Sighing, Breia slid into one of the pilot seats; her preoccupation with orienting herself to the controls and mechanics of the craft itself rendering her silent for a moment—only a moment—before she was turning yet again to face her companion as he sat beside her. "Why would I be?" It stunned her that he seemed to believe her faith in herself would come so easily… "You're Breia Solo." "And?" "That doesn't mean anything to you?" His words weren't meant to be censure—somehow, Breia knew that even with the way her mind seemed to almost immediately go on the defensive as she turned away from him and refocused her attention on the controls. In truth, she was scrambling; trying to find a way to explain her situation inasmuch as she wanted to resist. It wasn't his business. It wasn't anyone's business. But before she might have the opportunity to satiate his curiosity over her seeming unwillingness to divulge why she was so doubtful, she felt the weight of a warm hand resting on her forearm; the gesture causing her to jump and pull away in spite of herself as he spoke. "Breia, I didn't mean-" "Let's just get this thing started" The young woman interrupted; trying and failing to ignore the way Poe's expression fell as she diverted the path of their conversation, and began flicking her fingers over the controls before her while he began reluctantly to do the same. It was impossible to ignore the faint pang of guilt that twisted within her at his sudden turn to silence, then; her relief that she had succeeded in averting further question at war with the knowledge of how easily she had pushed him away. She had pushed everyone away, after her brother's actions—even her own uncle. And now she had begun the same trend yet again… Fear is the path to the Dark Side. Shaking herself, Breia once again forced her attention back to the task at hand; the familiar thrill of flying almost—almost—winning out against all of her trepidation as the craft began to roar to life beneath them. This was what she was made for. What she could do without fear of confronting the ever-present pull towards the dark. Towards what Snoke had seduced her brother to. It was what she had to cling to; or risk losing hope in everything. …. So much green… Emitting a low whistle, Poe Dameron followed Breia as she descended the steps and set foot on the lush green undergrowth of Takodana; his previous experiences with both the Republic and the Resistance paling in comparison to this. It was beautiful. Mesmerizing. He just wished his companion would see it. "If Maz's place is further ahead, why did we touch down here?" He inquired then; jogging to catch up with her even as she shifted the strap of her pack upon her shoulder. "To hopefully avoid drawing unwanted attention to our presence." "And if we end up getting that attention anyway, we're further away from our only means of escape." "I thought you said you could fly anything" Breia quipped; turning to look at him and level what could only amount to a half-smile his way as she pressed on "Where's your confidence?" "Very funny." "I thought so." Chuckling in spite of himself, Poe followed after the girl as she continued moving through the trees before them; his amusement not blinding him from how obvious it was that she was trying her best to keep things light. Easy. She didn't have to… "Breia?" "Mm?" She returned; moving to the edge of the tree-line and squinting as the sun chose that exact moment to come out from behind a cloud, and bathed them both in a blinding light— "What is our plan, if we're noticed?" Watching as the young woman squared her shoulders, one hand placed against the bark of a nearby tree, Poe could not help but notice how very like the General she seemed in that moment; the determination in her features now rivaling her own even as she turned to look over her shoulder at him and managed yet another faint smile—a smile that held something akin to a memory as she spoke. "I figured we could start with talking our way out of it." … "Child!" Maz exclaimed; abandoning her discussion with the tall, gangling creature she had been entertaining in favor of moving towards the two newest arrivals in the cantina "It's been too long." Stooping, and permitting the tiny woman to pull her into a warm embrace, Breia took some small amount of comfort in the gesture; the prospect of what they were about to do suddenly seeming so much less daunting than it had before. Since she had known her, Maz had always had a way of making things seem straightforward. Right. It seemed like time had not changed that fact. "And who would this be?" Maz inquired then; moving back and regarding Poe for the first time "He's handsome." Flushing, Breia tried and failed to prevent herself from looking towards Poe in that moment; noting that he seemed a bit flustered himself, with one hand almost automatically coming to rub at the back of his neck. Her father had not been lying when he said the tiny woman had no qualms against calling things as she saw them—but now, with the way she was looking intently between Breia and Poe—with the way she had almost immediately permitted the faint grin to overtake her miniature features—Breia knew that she was coming to the wrong conclusion; her voice cracking a bit in spite of herself as she spoke again. "His name is Poe. Poe Dameron" She supplied; inhaling slowly in an attempt to waylay her embarrassment at Maz's perception before finishing "Is there somewhere we can talk?" One last look was all Maz gave them before she was turning on a heel and motioning for them to follow; the relief Breia felt to have even this minor reprieve from the way she seemed to be reading her like an open book palpable as she followed the tiny woman towards a room in the back of her establishment. She could sense Poe's eyes on her as he followed her down the narrow hall—watching her with almost as much interest as Maz had not seconds before. And half in an attempt to avoid considering the implications of such a thing, Breia heaved a breath; shifting her pack against her shoulder once again as she followed Maz into the dark room at the end of the corridor. "Will this do, child?" Maz asked her then; smiling at how Breia looked first to Poe, before looking back her way and managing a small nod. "Yes." "Wonderful. Now what is it that you have to tell me that could not be done in sight of the rest of the world?" "We've brought something here" Breia intoned; sitting in the chair Maz offered and shifting the pack that had been over her shoulder so that it rested upon her lap before continuing— "Something the Resistance hopes you might be able to keep safe." "And what would that be?" "This" Breia returned; drawing the hilt of the lightsaber from the pack on her lap and handing it over to an awed Maz as she pressed forward "We have reason to believe the First Order is searching for it." "Where did you manage to find this, child?" "I didn't. My mother did" Breia supplied; registering how Poe had shifted to lean against the wall directly beside her as he addressed the inquisitive expression upon Maz's features. "The General didn't disclose that information." Breia watched, then, as Maz's attention was shifted from her own person, to Poe in that moment; her goggled eyes peering up at him with nothing short of raw intrigue. A beat of silence existed, during which the tiny woman continued to observe Poe, and Poe shrank back away from her on instinct; his expression turning to Breia as though silently pleading that she call Maz off, even as their host was speaking yet again. "And are you defending your General, or your traveling companion, now?" "Both." Noting how the man at her side once again took to shifting his hand to the back of his neck, Breia opted for rising from her seat and standing beside Poe; a curious expression taking over her features for a moment as the sound of footsteps rushing towards their location reached her ears, and halted her next words. In seconds, the same gangly creature that Maz had been speaking to prior to taking notice of her arrival had appeared through the door; its voice a strangled series of grunts and bellows—something that Maz seemed readily able to translate, her eyes widening only slightly as she turned to face her guests. "You two need to go. Now." "Maz-" Breia began; one hand automatically falling to the blaster at her side even as she registered Poe coming to stand at her side, so close that his arm brushed against hers as Maz cut her off with three words—words that froze her blood to ice. "He is here." … Chapter 4 He is here. Three words. Words that seemed to make time freeze, at least in the confines of the room in Maz's cellar. It took a moment for what had been said to sink in—for the implications of it to reach the ears for which it had been intended. And in that time, the creature that had initially warned them of the impending arrival had stepped forward yet again; still more grunts and clicks emanating from its mouth as it gestured towards Breia. "He says they will spare everyone if we give him the girl-" Maz began; her focused expression turning at once to revulsion even as Breia cut in, her voice hushed. "They think I'm alone—" They must have, or they would have wanted Poe as well… Almost in tune with her thoughts, the gangly creature had shoved Maz roughly to the side and dove towards Breia; a guttural cry leaving its throat even as the girl almost instinctively drew back from its advance. Its bony fingers were close—so close to latching onto her wrist—to forcing her to act in defense of her person even in spite of her resistance to doing so with an individual that had, up until now, been a neutral party. But before she might find her hand forced, Breia found herself emitting a low gasp as she registered Poe moving her so that she stood behind him; his blaster drawn as he addressed the creature before them. "I don't think so, buddy." "Poe, they think I'm alone" Breia repeated; taking a step back even as her companion turned his head towards her, his question of her judgment evident upon his features. She knew that she ought to have been more preoccupied with the thing that was intent upon trading her for its own safety. She ought to have been concerned with exactly what it meant for the First Order to have found them here. But instead of such pressing matters, Breia found herself instead all but riveted upon the idea that the very same organization that had sought them out had underestimated them— She was beginning to think of a plan. "We need to use this." "How?" Poe questioned; reluctantly—ever so reluctantly—once again wrenching his attention from the creature that seemed, at least for the time being, to be subdued by the blaster hovering just inches away from its chest as he turned to glance at Breia over a shoulder. As his eyes caught hers, and held them for a moment before they widened as he caught on to her silent thought. "No." "It may work" The young woman protested; holding out a hand as she registered Poe's impending protest and deigned to waylay it "It might be our only shot." "So you're just going to give yourself over. Just like that." "Child, this is reckless- " "I didn't say I was giving myself over" Breia countered; cutting both Maz and Poe off short as she stepped around the latter and absently fingered the hilt of her lightsaber from where it was secured at her side "If I can distract them, that will give you the chance to get to the ship. They'll follow me; and leave the rest of you alone." "Even better. You'll fight them." Sarcasm. Wonderful. "If I can lead them back to the trees, it'll be easier to pick them off, one by one" The young woman persisted; doing as best she could to avoid letting the skeptical expression on Poe's features dampen her own determination as she looked to Maz for support "And if they already think I'm alone, there won't be anyone else to distract you from getting the craft ready-" "I'm not leaving you here, Breia" Poe interrupted; seeming to sense the hidden alternate scenario even as it played out in her mind—the scenario in which she did not make it back to their craft, and her plan failed—a thing that, were she to be honest with herself, seemed entirely likely even in spite of her perceived confidence as she registered Maz finally speaking up on her behalf. "And if you stay here, they will find you" She began; a look of understanding passing between herself and the younger woman even as she placed a thin hand upon Poe's forearm "This is the best option you have." "I don't like it." The creature that had charged towards her made a series of alarmed squeaks then; as the sounds of crashing and muted thuds from above them reached their ears—sounds that forced Breia into action almost instantly as she moved to place a hand on Poe's bicep, and tried to ignore the unexpected jolt of surprise that moved through her in reply to her action as she spoke. "We don't have a choice. Poe, I need you to trust me on this." A moment's hesitation existed between them; in which it was painfully obvious that the man who had accompanied her was weighing his options—in which he seemed all but tempted to persist in refusing to acquiesce to her plan. But the sound of yet another crash from above, followed by a distant, muffled scream seemed to have broken his resolve; one hand dragging through his hair as he managed a terse nod. "What's your plan?" … Ducking behind a nearby tree, Breia emitted a hiss of exasperation as still more blaster fire whizzed past her location; her heart sinking as she realized that her plan had, in fact, been folly. It would never have worked. Not with as many loyal troops as the First Order possessed. But she still could not bring herself to regret her decision; her mind flicking, if only briefly, to the hope that Poe would leave if she had not returned at the appointed time before she was gripping her blaster tightly and swinging it around to level at the Stormtrooper that was running her way. One shot. Fatality. Using the miniscule moment of the trooper's collapse to the ground as opportunity for further retreat, Breia once again darted forward; ducking as the sound of another blaster shot reached her ears, and narrowly missing its collision with where her shoulder had been not moments prior. She knew that, were she to continue in her current direction, she would only take herself farther from the location of the craft she had arrived in. But she could not lead the First Order to their only means of escape. She could not bring Poe into this—not when he stood a chance at getting out alive. She remembered her mother's parting words… "Breia, if you are captured, we cannot help you." Determined, the young woman forced herself to move faster, then; ignoring the faint burning in her muscles as she tentatively permitted her mind to connect with the one thing she had sworn never to go back to. Slowly—ever so slowly—Breia reconnected with the unwavering presence of the Force, even as she continued running further into the heart of the forest; every so often turning back to fire a shot or two at the Stormtroopers behind her as she permitted herself to become one with the faint fibers of energy surrounding her—surrounding all of them—as she sought out her companion. He was safe. She could sense no one in his immediate proximity, as he moved about the craft and prepared for their departure. In spite of his preoccupation with the task at hand, however, Breia could still sense his hesitation. His uncertainty in the face of the plan that she had all but forced him to be compliant with. And although a part of her regretted that very fact, she could not help but feel thankful all the same— Until her partial distraction had caused her to run head-long into a small clearing; her momentum crashing to a halt as she realized there were a handful Stormtroopers ahead of her now, as well as behind… "Drop your weapon, and surrender." The voice was nondescript—exactly like any of the other number of Stormtroopers that now surrounded her; their presence fueling her defiance instead of waylaying it as she tightened her grip on the blaster in her hand, and squared her shoulders in spite of the beginnings of apprehension that had taken root somewhere in between her diaphragm and her stomach. "And miss out on so much fun?" "Drop your weapon-" The trooper repeated; his voice monotone as he paused mid-sentence, and took a step towards her "And-" Before the Stormtrooper could finish, however, a shot blazed through the clearing; the brilliance of its red light reflecting against the dark greens and browns surrounding them for a moment before coming to an abrupt stop and coalescing into a smaller bundle… "Get down!" Breia could not discern the location of the voice that screamed at her then—she could not recognize its source—but something within her prompted her to follow it anyway, in spite of her brief moment of hesitation; her body almost immediately flattening on the ground mere moments before the light blasted outward with an alarming strength, shaking the trees around them, and rattling her bones. All around her, she could hear the muted screams and crashes as the Stormtroopers were thrown back from the center of the blast; the reverberations of it rendering her motionless, until she felt the sudden connection of a hand latching onto her arm. "Come on. We need to move." Startled back into some semblance of awareness by the distinctly feminine voice at her side, Breia risked a glance at her would-be rescuer; her eyes flying wide as she took in the appearance of the stranger. The woman had short, cropped hair; its spiked tips tinged in green to adeptly contrast with the red of its base. Vaguely, Breia recalled seeing the self-same woman seated at the edge of the bar in Maz's cantina; her greenish gold eyes watching her intently—and it was not long before the young woman felt her brow furrowing in confusion as she pulled away from the woman's grasp and stood of her own volition. "Who are you?" "Nola" The woman returned; once again reaching for Breia's arm, and tugging her forward as the first of the Stormtroopers began to recover and shuffle awkwardly to their feet "Run now. Introductions later." Unable to argue with that logic, Breia permitted herself to be tugged after the woman at a sprint; the hesitation she felt at following a stranger so blindly falling away as she realized the Stormtroopers were scrambling to their feet once again and beginning to take pursuit. Instinctively, a part of her knew that the woman was an ally. That Maz had likely sent her out after she and Poe had fled. The woman had saved her life, after all. Content to take heart in that fact, the young woman followed her rescuer—Nola—as she continued tugging her through the trees; only barely catching the woman's next inquiry as she spoke, her breath coming out in short bursts. "Where's your ship?" "We need to cut to the right-" Her words broke off, then, as Nola complied with her reply and began leading them back in the direction of the craft; her ears picking up on the snapping of twigs and underbrush as the Stormtroopers began to gain on them— As a blast of red light rushed forward from the direction of the approaching enemy, and connected with her side; the impact driving her to her knees… … This was taking too long… Emitting a low huff as he grudgingly managed a final walk-through of the craft that had brought them to Takodana, Poe tore a hand through disheveled hair; his eyes once again turning to scan his surroundings for any sign of Breia's return. From the beginning, he had not been enthralled with her idea of splitting up so that she might attempt drawing the attention of the First Order towards her, while he returned here. A part of him had suspected that she had never intended to rejoin him. But even in spite of the brief flare of outright anger that such knowledge inspired, Poe could not bring himself to even consider abandoning her. He was not about to return to General Organa without her. In that vein, Poe opted for returning to the craft's cockpit then; grabbing the blaster that rested near the console and heading back out with every intention of seeking Breia out himself. She couldn't possibly hold off every Stormtrooper that the First Order had sent for them—and if they caught her, it would only get that much worse. Wanting nothing more than to prevent that very thing from happening, Poe managed a few steps towards the treeline; wondering how on earth he even stood a chance of finding Breia without any indication of where she had headed off to. But before he might spare any further time in considering which direction to start off in first, the rustling of leaves reached his ears; causing him to instinctively level the blaster directly ahead as a tall figure emerged, completely hooded and cloaked in black— As a beam of red light ignited in the man's hand, and he took a slow step towards his adversary while hollow words rang through the mask… "Where is the girl?" Chapter 5 "Where is the girl?" The figure repeated; the weapon he held arcing through the air and disturbing the silence with its low whir as he twirled it casually at his side. "What girl?" Poe replied; hoping his feigned ignorance would be believable, even as he tightened his grip on the blaster that was still held out before him—as he felt his heart fall within his chest as the stranger spoke once more. "You lie poorly" He said; his tone almost amused as he advanced still further towards Poe's location "You know of whom I speak." "Do I?" In response to the reply he gave, Poe found himself suddenly pushed back into the side of the craft; the sound of a sharp crack causing him to wince as he realized it had come from his own body. A brief moment was spent searching for the weapon that had once been in his hand; only to find it had been cast aside by the impact of being thrown backwards; the next breath he took suddenly cut off as a stabbing pain erupted within his chest— Broken rib. Wonderful. "There are other ways of finding what I want" The figure said then; maintaining whatever iron-like hold he had to keep Poe rooted to the side of the craft even as he moved the weapon he held until it rested just a hair's breadth away from his adversary's neck. The heat from it radiated across the short distance between the red light, and Poe's skin; creating an uncomfortable warmth even as he tried instead to focus on taking short, shallow breaths— As the sound of still more rustling from somewhere off to their left reached their ears; causing the cloaked figure to turn slightly as a familiar voice addressed them. "You won't have to find anything" The voice said; a miniscule break being the only thing that served to betray the speaker's nerves as she waited a beat before the man was turning to face her instead of his former opponent "I'm right here, Ben." Breia… … Stepping forward from the shelter of the trees, Breia did as best she could to swallow her apprehension and fear in that moment; the fingers of her right hand curling tightly around her own lightsaber even as she approached the man who had his already ignited. Only a moment was allowed for her to register the widening of Poe's eyes—to note with no small degree of anxiousness that the distraction presented by her appearance had not weakened her brother's hold over him—before she was forced to once again redirect her attention to the hooded figure before her; the way his own weapon arced through the air as he twirled it idly at his side sending a bolt of fear through her veins as she finally ignited her own… "Let him go, Ben" Breia said; her voice cracking once again in spite of her desire to appear confident in her cause, her hold on the lightsaber only tightening as her brother persisted in his approach as he addressed her: "I no longer recognize that name" He said; his voice hollow—detached, through the mask he wore "Ben Solo is dead." "I won't believe that." "Then you will die a fool." In seconds, the beam of red in her brother's hand arced towards her; the sound of it cutting through the space between them forcing the young woman's hand as she brought her own weapon up to meet it at the last possible moment. The impact was jolting; the force of her adversary's blow jarring her muscles, and causing her teeth to clench. And inasmuch as she loathed how her hand had been forced to confront him—how she feared that, to survive this, she would have to once again face the pull of the darkness that had so consumed him—the young woman knew that she could not falter. If nothing else, this fight would be ample distraction for Nola to get Poe on the craft, and leave for safety… Steeled by such a thought, Breia pushed back against the impressive force of her brother's attack; shoving her reluctance aside as she focused instead on using the energy surrounding them in her favor. Faintly—ever so faintly—she registered her brother's hold over Poe diminishing; a faint flare of gratitude reaching her even as she pushed her opponent back and distracted him with a blow of her own. Green light once again collided with red, then; the surrounding energy pulsing as it flared to life around them, the impact of the two blades giving Breia only moments to prepare for the sudden push against her mind— The push that had her yanking her blade away from her brother's for a moment, before moving to strike at his shoulder; his own weapon rising to meet hers even as she pushed against his presence in her mind with everything she had… … It was strange, watching the two before him; even as he felt the strength leave his legs and send him tumbling to his knees. The impact against the hard ground drove a muted grunt of pain from him as it jarred his chest and rattled the likely fractured rib—but even that could not move his attention from what was now transpiring before him; the concern he felt for Breia's own safety only barely melting away as he saw she was more than capable of handling herself. The two fought almost identically; each blow and parry seeming almost to mirror each other in an almost eerily uncanny synchrony. Belatedly, Poe surmised that such a thing likely came from the extensive training the two of them had received under the supervision of their uncle…but then he found himself distracted once more by the sight of Breia twisting out from under the relentless advances of her adversary; the way her jaw clenched belying her exhaustion as he finally took note of the blood at her side. She was injured. Gritting his teeth, Poe began to search the surrounding ground for any sign of the weapon he had held before he had been thrown against the side of their craft; the effort it took to plant one foot square against the dirt causing him to wince even as a hand flew, reflexively, to the source of the pain. The movement had been close—so close to causing him to black out. But then the weight of a hand against his shoulder was startling him out of the wholehearted focus on his own discomfort; his gaze flicking to meet the green-gold eyes of an unfamiliar face even as the newcomer spoke. Who the hell was this? "Let's get you on that ship." The stranger said then; her tone surprisingly businesslike for someone who had no idea who he was—for someone who had no right to be ordering him to do anything at all. Apprehension almost immediately became the foremost thing in Poe's mind in that moment while he remained frozen as the girl looked at him; her gaze seeming to indicate that she thought his compliance should have been instinctual—something that had him moving from stunned to angered in mere seconds as he wrenched himself out of the shock and moved to action once again. "Like hell" Poe spat; wrenching himself away from the young woman's grasp even in spite of the way such an action only increased his pain as he forced himself to his feet, one hand flying out to connect with the side of the craft to steady his footing "I'm not leaving her; least of all with someone I don't even know." "Do you trust her?" "What?" "Do you trust her?" Barely hesitating, Poe nodded; his attention once again drifting back to where Breia and her brother remained, still focused intently upon each other as they exchanged blow after blow, his tone defiant—indignant as he replied. "Of course I do." "Then you need to trust me" The woman intoned; holding a hand out to stop his impending protest as she pressed on "I'm here to help you. Both of you." A moment's pause existed between them then; in which Poe weighed his options, the ever present sound of weapons colliding serving as ample ammunition for him to reluctantly move forward. He didn't trust this girl—not entirely. But if she had somehow managed to get Breia to bring her back here without argument, then maybe it would be worth listening to her, at least for now. At least until she gave him reason to believe her intentions were not completely in line with their own needs… "Fine" He agreed; dragging a hand through his hair as he tore his attention away from Breia once again in favor of looking at the girl before him "What's your plan?" … Fighting against the vague sensation of satisfaction at how his sister's prowess had not waned even as he sensed her reluctance to use what they had been taught together, Ren pressed his advantage as Breia stumbled backwards a bit under the strength of his strike towards her right shoulder; his invasion of her mind lacking any remote hint of subtlety. Naturally, he had anticipated her to try and thwart him. He had predicted that the wall she would throw up against him would be nearly as strong as his own advances. Always, she had been adept at shielding emotions, while he had been better skilled at exploiting them; drawing them from within someone's mind almost without their knowledge, if he wished. But it seemed, in that moment, that he had underestimated her desperation to keep him from her mind; the impact of the memories she threw at him stalling his attack as he was unconsciously forced to take it all in against his will. Chasing his sister around the base, her squeals of alarm bringing laughter to bubble from his throat—curling up with their mother on the rare nights that she was not required by duty to remain at work—Breia standing behind him as he did as best he could to protect her from the boys that loved nothing more than to torment her— No. No, these were memories that belonged to Ben Solo. Not him… Pushing back against the unwarranted attack, Ren released a strangled yell as he charged forward towards his sister once more; his attacks that much more sure—that much stronger—as he brought his weapon down to collide with hers with redoubled effort. He could see how the blow shook her. How it had her doubling back, her arms trembling as she struggled to keep him from bringing the glimmering red blade closer to her skin. But almost as soon as such a thing had him all but sure of his victory, the Knight of Ren found his attention diverted; the sound of the craft behind him revving to life causing him to falter— The pilot was gone… … Using her brother's distraction in her favor, Breia pushed out against him with all the energy she could muster; the almost immediate drain on her strength palpable as she swung her weapon in a downward arc. Instinct drove her, then, even as she felt her entire body beginning to tremble; and in one last effort at halting his seemingly unstoppable momentum towards defeating her, the young woman once again sent a blast of energy out towards him, the blow causing his own impending strike against her to falter just long enough for her weapon to land a glancing blow against his thigh—a blow that had her brother stumbling, and taking a knee… Not bothering to give him the requisite time to steady his resolve after her strike, Breia turned and bolted then; focusing solely on maintaining the integrity of the shield she had hastily constructed around herself so that any retaliation her brother made could not touch her. It was consuming. Exhausting. But as sheer stubbornness and force of will propelled her to continue running towards the craft even in spite of her weariness, Breia forced herself to ignore the regret that had taken root within her at the thought of what she had done— She had used their family against her brother as though it had been nothing. Was that not just as awful as what he had done? Forcing such thoughts aside, then, Breia settled instead upon closing the distance between herself and the craft; her feet connecting with the steps that would lead her towards the interior even as she registered her brother's enraged yell coming from behind her. "Nola?" She called; taking the remaining steps two at a time, and throwing out a hand to catch herself as she reached the top and swayed slightly where she stood "Poe?" "In here!" Concerned at the tone Nola's voice had taken, Breia hurriedly yanked the lever that would bring the stairs she had taken back up again; her next steps stumbling as she moved towards the cockpit. The sight that met her eyes upon rounding the corner had all but frozen her blood within her veins—but soon, Nola was once again bringing her back to reality; tearing her attention from Poe's barely conscious form as she instead faced the other woman that addressed her. "We need to get moving." "Y-yeah-" Breia agreed; her voice hushed as Poe's half-lidded eyes met her own—as she registered the all too evident pain that had consumed his features. This was her fault. He had been injured because of her. And the guilt that such a thought brought about threatened to consume her, in that moment; were it not for the insistent pressure of Nola's hand on her forearm as she shook her back to the present. "You need to show me how to co-pilot this thing." Knowing the other woman was right—knowing that if they didn't get away from here, and soon, their hesitation would only serve to give the First Order enough time to hinder them further—Breia reluctantly forced herself into action, then; carefully stepping around Poe where he rested at the back of the cockpit, and once again taking her former seat, her hands moving over the controls almost automatically as she risked a glance at her unexpected companion. "Right. You're going to need to follow my lead." … Chapter 6 "You failed" Snoke hissed; his displeasure burning through his words as he towered over his protégé—the one who had promised to bring him the girl, and then had let her escape "You had no reason not to bring her with you; and you failed." "She had help-" "In the form of a girl, and a man; neither of whom are gifted in the ways of the Force!" The Supreme Leader's fury seemed palpable then; the edges of the hologram shimmering as if in response to his rage. The task he had given Ren had been simple enough. Yet still, he had failed. Still, he did not have the girl that would complete the Republic's defeat. The boy was a fool if he thought his failure would go unpunished… Fueled by his anger, in that moment, Snoke once again returned to his seat; his invasion of his protégé's mind more forceful than ever as he searched for the signs—the signs of treachery that he knew he would find, eventually. He could sense it, even in spite of how fervently Ren sought to deny it. And such certainty fueled the strength he put behind his search, then; the startled exclamation that came from between the clenched teeth of his protégé only fueling his anger— He would root out the source of whatever it was that still held the boy to the light; and destroy it. … "I don't need that" Breia intoned; shifting and holding out a hand to waylay the medical droid as it made to give her an injection for pain, even as her attention remained riveted upon her mother "Where's Poe?" "Breia, he's fine" her mother replied; leveling a significant look towards the younger woman as she made to stand, and swayed on the spot "You need to rest." "I don't-" "You can barely stand" The General insisted; taking a step forward to place a restraining hand on her daughter's shoulder so that she might guide her to sit back on the gurney "Please, Breia, rest. For me." Managing a weak nod, Breia permitted her mother to guide her back into a seated position; the minute trembling in her limbs snagging at the already raw edges of her nerves as she ran her fingers through her tangled hair. Her worry and guilt over what had happened to the man she had traveled with had never stopped wearing at her; even in spite of how she had been assured that he would be fine. The very thing she had feared ever since her brother's turn had come to pass— He had been injured in an attempt at protecting her… Almost as though she had sensed the direction of her daughter's thoughts, the General reached for the younger woman's hand, then; the slight pressure of her fingers doing nothing to assuage Breia's current mood even as she registered her mother speaking once again. "He doesn't blame you." "He should" Breia hissed; recoiling from her mother's touch, and doing as best she could to ignore the sadness in the older woman's eyes at the way in which she had pulled away "I was the one that insisted we split up-" "And if you hadn't, you would have had more than just your brother to contend with" The General countered; seeking to work past the self-doubt that was so vivid in her daughter's eyes as she pressed on "You know that, Breia." Swallowing, the young woman managed a weak nod in an effort to convince her mother she had adopted her certainty that she had done the right thing; her own mind remaining unconvinced as she rested her head in her hands, with elbows upon her knees. She was tired. So very drained as a result of everything that had transpired in just a short manner of time. And in spite of how she wanted so very badly to avoid admitting it, the young woman could not deny that the weariness she was feeling was so very near to overwhelming; her shoulders sagging as she dug the heel of both hands into her eyes, the gurney suddenly beckoning to her as she felt her body finally beginning to succumb to the rest it so sorely needed… As she felt the faint pressure of her mother's hands upon her shoulders as she set about gently pressing her to recline, even as she spoke softly… "Sleep, Breia. You'll do no good to anyone half alive." … Breia woke in darkness; the sound of a faint dripping reaching her ears as she hoisted herself to a seated position, and waited the requisite time for her eyes to adjust to the relative lack of lighting. Her surroundings were unfamiliar, the faint edges of the furniture in the room she occupied serving as her only guide as she swung her feet over the edge of the bed, and stood; her heart leaping within her chest as she heard a faint whisper of her name coming from somewhere beyond the door she could now see, outlined in the faint light of the room. "Breia...." The sound was unfamiliar; the voice's breathy quality seeming to freeze her to the spot for a moment, before she was moving once again, her steps cautious against the foreign feel of the floor at her feet. In spite of the requisite slowness to her pace, Breia felt an overwhelming sense of compulsion to move faster; one hand snatching out to latch onto a nearby chair as her movements quickened and she felt the resultant collision of her knee with a table. Cursing under her breath, Breia forced herself forward then; ignoring the pain that throbbed through her knee and lower leg as she closed the distance between herself and the door. As she moved, she could sense what seemed to be a faint pulsation in the air around her; its vibrations unsettling her as she felt its movements coming closer. It was as if the feeling was a calling—something beckoning her to come closer—and in spite of her misgivings over following such a thing, the young woman could not seem to ignore the desire to obey; a slow breath leaving her lungs as her fingers curled around the door knob and she opened it to peer out into the hallway beyond. The walls were dark metal, their faint hue only accentuating the darkness that surrounded Breia as she swallowed and took her first step out of the room she had woken in. Almost immediately, the same voice that had beckoned her before was speaking again; its strength slightly amplified as it echoed around the emptiness of the hall. "Breia." Shivering at the sensation of a chill gust of air that seemed to ghost down her spine, the young woman forced herself to keep moving, then; her steps leading her farther down the hall, past numerous rooms and control panels in favor of approaching the door that rested ajar at the corridor's end. Dimly, a faint grey-blue light reflected against the tile floor; its hue almost beautiful even with the way it shimmered in time with the pulses of the surrounding air. And although Breia could feel something within her practically demanding that she ignore this pull—although she could almost sense that to follow her path now would only result in danger—the young woman could not bring herself to listen to that apprehension; her steps insistently guiding her down the hall as the voice that had brought her here once again reached her ears. "Come, child—" Following the sound, Breia finally reached her destination; her fingers hesitating for a moment before finally glancing against the cool metal of the door, pushing it open slowly, and freezing in place as she caught a glimpse of what rested beyond— "No-" She breathed; her feet seeking to retrace her steps, only to find themselves rooted to the spot as the figure before her rose to tower over her. To her, it seemed as though the thing had hardly exerted any effort at freezing her in place; the realization of the insurmountable power that the figure held both terrifying, and intriguing her at once. And then, the creature was speaking; its words whisper-soft, but no less compelling as the young woman realized just exactly who she had stumbled upon… Snoke. "Do not fight this, child" The Supreme Leader hissed; eyes riveted upon the girl as his hold over her only strengthened "Do not fight your calling." "What calling?" The young woman's words were hard. Short, in part due to the rigid hold Snoke held over her to prevent her escape; and in part due to her underlying resentment for the one who had turned her brother away from the light. But even in spite of her desire to remain unflappable, Breia could not quite ignore the faint pull that Snoke's words had for her— She stood in the face of unlimited power. Who was she, to deny the opportunity to become stronger? No—no, she couldn't… Flinching as she felt the faint wisps of Snoke's power as he pushed it out towards her—as he tried to get inside her mind to manipulate her basest desires—Breia automatically forced the barrier she had so long perfected under her uncle's tutelage outward; the impact it made with Snoke's own use of the Force jolting as he tried to get past her. She could feel the strength of his advances; even without seeing the determination that was so set in his features. And it was not long before she felt his advantage in strength and power beginning to win out over her; a faint sheen of sweat breaking out upon her brow as she tried to withstand him. "You are a fool, girl" Snoke intoned then; the flicker of a satisfied grin toying with the corners of shriveled lips as he leaned over the girl before him and made the last, final push into her mind "You will not stand against me forever." A moment's pause existed then, in which the two seemed locked in a silent battle—a battle which the young woman seemed unbelievably fated to loose—before the cloaked figure was speaking once again; his voice tinged with nothing short of revelation as the young woman slumped to her knees before him in defeat. "You will be mine, as your brother is, Breia Solo." … Jolted awake by the sound of a scream coming from somewhere nearby, Poe raised himself almost immediately to a seated position; the pain that he was sure would come from such a sudden movement dulled by whatever medication had been hooked to the tube that had been secured to his arm. Grateful, the pilot swung his legs over the edge of the gurney he had been resting upon; once again noting the dull tug of pain that was far more manageable than it had been when he had first arrived as he placed the hand that was not curled around the pole that held the medication against the bed in favor of pushing himself to stand. He knew the scream had been Breia's; even though he could not explain it… Secure in that knowledge, Poe moved as cautiously as he dared towards the doorway of the room he occupied; the only sound that reached him then being the faint whirring of the lights rigged to the ceiling, coupled with distant sounds of foot traffic, and the bleeping of medical droids as they went about their work. One of the droids was now wheeling towards him; only just making a sharp turn to enter the room that was two doors down from his—a sight that was enough to have him moving forward once again, and entering the room just shortly after the droid had done the same. To say the sight that met his eyes then was anything less than heart-breaking would have been a lie. Breia had withdrawn away from the medical droid; the hand that she held outstretched towards it trembling even in spite of the very obvious way in which she was trying to hide it. Her eyes were distant—haunted, though she was trying so very hard to conceal that fact as she shook her head minutely at the droid's advances; her voice cracking and causing her to wince as she finally spoke. "I'm f—I'm fine; please-" "She's fine" Poe intervened then; the way in which the droid whirled around to meet his gaze, and beeped inquiringly up at him only barely holding his attention as he settled instead for fixing his attention upon the woman that was trying so stubbornly to hold herself together as he pressed on "I can take this from here." The droid made one last series of disgruntled blips as it spared a final glance towards its patient before whirring past Poe, and jostling him slightly in the leg; the distraction that was presented by its departure giving Breia the requisite time to turn away, and dash at the errant tears that had threatened to trace down her cheeks. Poe knew, of course, that his presence with her was dubious at best. That she would be as likely to push his offer of help aside as she had been to shut everyone else that had tried as well. But still, that did not stop him from stepping towards her anyway; one hand moving to rest upon her shoulder even as he took note of how she did not move immediately to withdraw as he spoke. "What happened?" "It—it was just a dream" The young woman replied; the tremor in her voice unmistakeable as she turned to face Poe, and bit down on her lower lip as if to steady her resolve before carrying on "It was nothing." "That didn't look like nothing-" "Yeah, well it was" Breia insisted; slowly moving away from Poe's hold upon her shoulder, in favor of returning to the gurney and taking a seat on its edge "Are you alright?" "I don't think that's the question that matters right now" Poe countered; noting how Breia's gaze had turned at once from cautious reluctance to a fiery certainty upon hearing his words "I'm standing here, aren't I?" "You might not have been." Her self-blame was only all too evident in her words, then; the way in which she had ducked her eyes down so that her attention was on the floor at their feet, and not his own features prompting him to step towards her once again even as he addressed her concern. "It was a good plan. Even as much as I hated it." "It almost got you killed." "Well there goes your cover of pretending you don't care" Poe quipped; his attempt at making light of Breia's seeming impassivity regarding his person earning him a sharp glare even as the beginnings of a reluctant smile began to tug at the girl's mouth "You'd miss me." "Would not." "Liar." Watching as Breia rolled her eyes and made to nudge half-heartedly at his shoulder, Poe could not help but release a low laugh; one hand moving to run through tousled curls as he moved to sit beside the young woman so that his shoulder brushed against hers. "Want to make it up to me?" He asked; grinning openly at Breia's resultant expression of exasperated amusement, even as he waited for her reply. "You're impossible." "It's a part of my charm." "So that's what you call it" The young woman returned; smiling in spite of herself as she shifted slightly to face Poe head-on, and found herself unusually grateful for his presence in spite of how she had so desired to handle things herself as she finished "What exactly am I supposed to do to make it up to you?" "Well, for starters, you can stop trying to handle everything yourself; and let someone help" The pilot began; not wavering in the face of the incredulous expression upon the young woman's face as he shifted closer towards her, and was pleasantly surprised when she did not immediately pull away— "And then you can let me take you out. Even a war can't be all business." She needed to see that there was more to the world than darkness… … Chapter 7 "He's watching you again." Taking a final sip of her beverage, Breia set the glass down on the bar before turning to risk a glance at the man Nola was referring to; a huff of resignation leaving her as she realized it was the same person who had been relentlessly dogging her steps since returning to the planet D'Qar. It was the same person who had seen her at her most vulnerable. The person who had been injured because of her brother; and yet had claimed, repeatedly, to be willing to go through the entire scenario again and again if it meant she would forgive herself. The person who had been so determined to get her to spend time with him, that she was half tempted to just let him; and get it over with. "Hold this" Breia said then; reaching down to the floor for her satchel and handing it to her new acquaintance, before returning her attention to the pilot across the way and resolving to move towards him even in spite of the familiar grin her threw her way. She didn't know what it was about the man that had her almost interested in letting him have his way, in direct contradiction to how she desired nothing more than to remain aloof—distant, so that he would not be inadvertently swept up in the turmoil that had so consumed her family. It could have been any number of things; from how surprisingly easy it had become to engage him in conversation, to the uncanny way in which his eyes had seemed to hold her attention whenever he did manage to corner her. But what she noticed the most about him, even now, as his expression was doing all in its power to render her distracted, was the way in which his grin never faltered; instead causing her stomach to clench strangely within her gut as she continued in her approach. Perhaps that damnable grin was, in fact, what had her meandering across the bar towards him; fighting her own reluctant half-smile that was rising to meet his own as she tucked a dark strand of hair behind her ear and addressed him with as much neutrality as she could. "Something I can help you with?" "Your friend ratted me out again." His words were light. Joking. The chuckle that he withheld was still evident, in that moment; the way in which he was looking at Breia as though caught between amusement at her carefully constructed distance, and concern at the same holding her captive for a moment, before she found her voice, and made to speak. "So she did" Breia returned; shaking her head just slightly in declination of Poe's offer to take the seat beside him in favor of fixing him with a more determined expression—an expression that, hopefully, gave him no hint of her conflict in that moment. "You wanted something?" "Seems I've got it" The man quipped; laughing at the openly exasperated expression upon the young woman's face and moving to press forward before she might cut him off "You're here, aren't you?" "Unwillingly." "Don't think so." "Oh? And why is that?" Breia inquired; internally cursing her own amusement as it won out over her exasperation. She shouldn't be doing this—she shouldn't. She wanted to… "You want to see the ship" The pilot stated; his grin only widening as he noted the reluctant show of intrigue in the woman's eyes, and the faintest hints of it in her voice as she replied: "I can see that whenever I want-" "But it wouldn't be much fun doing it that way, would it?" Caught, as she had always suspected she would be, between her own stubborn refusal to let the man before her wheedle her assent out from underneath her, and her own cautious curiosity over the possibility of what letting him do just that might hold; Breia pursed her lips together as she thought over her options. She could turn him down again. Hold firm against the faint pull she felt; and simply decline his offer as she had done before. But the other option—the option where she actually agreed to go with him was suddenly far more compelling than it ever had been before; her words stunning her as she finally spoke. "If I accept you offer, will you let up a bit?" She questioned; smiling in spite of herself at the now open grin that spread across Poe's features even as she fiddled with the hem of a sleeve. "I won't make any promises…" … The ship was beautiful. To say anything less would have been a lie; the way the light of the sun that streamed through the hangar bay illuminated the metal dazzling, even as it was blinding. In spite of herself, Breia could not help but permit a low sound of approval to break free of her lips; the way in which Poe's laugh almost immediately reached her ears tearing her attention away from the craft, and returning it to himself as he spoke. "Impressive, right?" "There's an understatement." Raising a brow at the resultant grin that spread across Poe's features in that moment, Breia once again returned her attention to the craft before her; her curiosity only poorly masked in her tone as she questioned: "I really could have come to see this alone-" "But you couldn't fly it alone." Stunned, Breia turned to face her companion, then; her shock winning out against all caution she may have felt as she exhaled once, and tucked a stray lock of hair behind her ear. "I'm not sure we're allowed to-" "Allowed to what?" "To fly it" The young woman supplied; trying and failing to ignore the thrill that had gone through her at the prospect, no matter how taboo "We can't just take a ship because we want to and you know it." "I couldn't" Poe countered; his amusement at the all too likely turn her expression had taken as comprehension of his meaning dawned in her mind "But you could." Stunned by how a part of her wanted nothing more than to do exactly what the pilot was suggesting, Breia managed a step backwards; the way duty and careful obedience had been so ingrained in her through her uncle's training all but balking at the idea. It was strange, being so caught between two decisions; and yet knowing that either way she turned, it was different than any other time before when she had been so divided with herself. Before, it was always a pull between darkness, and light. Now? Now, it was simply a choice between holding to the set of ideals that she had been bred to uphold; or finally letting herself live. Suddenly, the choice was not quite so difficult at all. Acting on impulse, Breia ignored the last of the misgivings she had felt, then; the sudden change in her action stunning her companion as she turned to face him with something of the old brashness that her parents had always teased her for returning to her features as she spoke. "Alright, you win" She said; smiling in spite of herself at the unbridled exclamation that Poe gave in response to her acquiescence. It was strange, the feeling that struck her as she realized her assent had been all it took to cause such elation as the two of them set about boarding the craft, and preparing for flight. It was foolish. Definitely out of character for both of them. But that fact alone did not seem to be enough to stop them; the look that they shared serving as enough consent for them both, as the craft roared to life beneath them and they took a seat in the cockpit. For the first time in what felt like decades, Breia felt alive… … Marveling at how very much like Han their daughter was, General Organa moved away from the hologram that showed images of the missing fighter ship floating through the Hosnian System; the outrage of the men that had declared the ship missing in the first place suddenly seeming so amusing. So trivial. A part of her knew that she ought to be vexed with her daughter, and Dameron; the regulations so very clearly speaking out against what they had done. But in spite of that knowledge, the General was unable to deny the greater part of her that was almost proud— She had been young once, as well… Before such thoughts could turn her to sadness, however, the General almost immediately redirected her attentions to the present; the need to prevent herself from thinking of when she and Han had been happy—when Luke had still been with them rising paramount. Since her son—since Ben—it had been ultimately easier to focus on the moment at hand; rather than on the past. And she knew that it would always be that way. She had known that ever since Breia had returned to her; with ghosts in her eyes that she knew she could never hope to help drive away. She had known it on the day Han left; without even knowing his daughter lived. It was better to forget, and move on. The sound of a chair scraping as it moved across the floor soon startled General Organa out of her reverie, in that moment; causing her to turn in favor of ascertaining the source of the sound, and almost simultaneously prompting the sigh that now escaped her as she realized exactly who it was that had risen to address her. Admiral Ackbar. "Your daughter, or not, they have stolen a ship" He intoned; picking up on the argument that she had tried so vehemently to put down, and causing her to purse her lips in hopes of keeping the retort that had so suddenly risen to mind out of the conversation, even as she opted for a more diplomatic response as a sudden idea came to mind. "They have done so under direct orders from me." … Jumping as the holoreader shimmered to life unexpectedly, Breia spared a glance for Poe; the shrug of his shoulders giving no inclination that he had any better idea of who would be contacting them than she did. And although she was loath to give up the surprising freedom that she had felt ever since the two of them had taken the craft; the young woman knew that they would have had to face responsibility anyway. Life was rarely so kind as to let her ignore it for long. Hastily flicking the controls at her fingertips until they were on auto-pilot, Breia registered the faint presence of chagrin in Poe's eyes as he did the same; the look he spared her then holding nothing less than a hint of encouragement and camaraderie, before they both found their attention diverted as the hologram spoke. "Breia?" "Mother?" Breia gasped; leaning forward in favor of watching the hologram intently as her expression turned from apprehension, to relief, and then back to some apprehension once again "I—we didn't mean-" "I don't need an explanation, Breia" The General cut in; one hand shimmering as the hologram of her mother held it up to forestall any further attempts at discourse before she pressed onward "I need you to do exactly what I tell you." "And what is that?" In response to her daughter's inquiry, the General chose that moment to shift her attention to Poe, then; her expression unreadable as she addressed him directly. "You're still in the Hosnian System?" "Yes, General" Poe affirmed; glancing once at Breia before returning his attention to his superior "But we can return to D'Qar immediately." "That will not be necessary" General Organa countered; stunning both her daughter and the pilot beside her as she continued "Officially, you two are there on a diplomatic mission; informing the Republic of Breia's survival." "Are you certain that's necessary?" "It is" The General replied; her words only mounting Breia's anxiousness as she looked over her shoulder at something neither the young woman, or her companion could see for a moment before she was returning attention to her captive audience "I'm afraid a number here want the both of you to be reprimanded rather harshly for all of this-" "General, if I may, this was my suggestion" Poe intervened; ignoring the sharp look that Breia leveled his way even as General Organa herself silenced him herself with a look. "Commander Dameron, be that as it may, you both need to make sure you carry this out exactly as I have told you" She said; turning once again to face her daughter as the edges of the hologram shimmered, and she began to fade slowly "You need witnesses that you were under orders, otherwise I can't stop disciplinary action from being taken." The General's words faded away in synchrony with the disappearance of the hologram, then; the moment's silence that existed between Breia and her companion strained as the both of them weighed their options. The young woman was not fond of the idea of going to the Republic; the dread she felt over confronting still more censure over her brother's actions—over what she herself may be capable of winning out, for a moment, against her knowledge that her mother was right. They had to do this. They had to, if they wished to grant legitimacy to their actions. She was not about to bring Poe's command into jeopardy because of her own fears. Steeled by such thoughts, Breia shook herself momentarily; her fingers once again setting about flicking the controls back on, even as she spoke with more determination and bravado than she felt. "Time to go see the Republic?" "Looks like it" Poe returned; setting about attending to the console before him, even as he noticed that the young woman beside him seemed distracted—distant once again, in spite of how she had seemed surprisingly free not moments before "You sure you're up for this?" Nodding, Breia swallowed then; the deep breath she took barely taking the edge off of her nerves as she squared her shoulders and prepared to change course. "I've got to be." They did not have a choice. … Chapter 8 They had landed nearly an hour ago; the dead space left behind by the absence of sound from the ship's operation ringing in Poe's ears as he waited for Breia to return from making the final security check. He understood why she was delaying—he knew that was what she was doing; because he had made the self-same check himself almost immediately after the craft had come to a stop on Hosnian Prime. And even in spite of how anyone else rechecking what he had already taken care of might have at the very least sparked a minor sense of irritation, Poe could not bring himself to feel anything other than understanding for Breia's predicament, in that moment; his expression as she returned to the cockpit cautiously neutral as he spoke. "Everything good?" "Yeah." Her discomfort was obvious, in that moment; the way in which her hand had once again come up to worry the knot of hair that was tied at the back of her neck giving away how tense she had become in spite of her desire to hide it. And almost before he could stop himself, Poe was rising from his seat; three steps being all it took to close the distance between them so that he might place a reassuring hand upon her shoulder. "You've got this, Breia" He said; noting how her eyes had flown wide at the unexpected contact even as she looked up at him with a guarded expression "I know you do." "I wish I could believe that-" "You can" The pilot countered; maintaining his hold on the young woman's shoulder even as he felt her trying to move away "You're forgetting whose daughter you are." Diplomacy was as much her legacy as the Force was. In response to his words, Breia's expression seemed to soften, even if only for a moment; the hesitation in her eyes slowly replacing itself with something less fearful as she swallowed once before managing a nod. "Right" She began; sparing him a small smile, before she was moving to step around him and head for the door exit "Hopefully everyone here will remember that, and not what Ben has done." Holding in a sigh at how, reliably, everything seemed to come back to her brother, Poe instead opted for moving to follow Breia as she descended the steps towards Hosnian prime; one hand almost instinctively resting against the blaster at his side even in spite of knowing that this was intended as a diplomatic mission only. Their most recent predicament while on Takodana had made it all too clear that simple missions no longer existed. And even if the First Order did not happen upon their location—even if they were not betrayed by someone seeking to bring down the Resistance— Poe did not entirely trust the motives of a Republic that would either see Breia as an asset to be used; or a reminder of the evil that had dealt in so much destruction. … "The Solo girl has come to plead her mother's case" Chancellor Villecham intoned; turning to face Breia as she stepped forward into the light upon noting how one tanned hand beckoned her towards him as he pressed "She will find herself disappointed when I do not take to her cause." "With respect, Chancellor, that is not why I am here" The young woman returned; risking a glance at Poe, and noting how his expression was nothing short of encouraging before taking yet another step forward herself and squaring her shoulders "I simply wish to give support to the claims she has already given you, and let you decide for yourself what to do with that information." "Do you?" "I do" Breia confirmed; not flinching in the wake of the Chancellor's scrutiny, even as the Tarsunt's narrow black eyes drilled into her as though they were searching for the smallest hint of duplicity "Unless, of course, you do not wish to have it." A moment's pause existed between them, then, in which the Chancellor, and Breia remained entirely focused on one another; neither one wavering—a moment that almost—almost had the young woman backtracking, until Villecham was breaking eye contact with her in favor of responding to her words. "You have travelled far to give me this testimony" He said; stunning the girl with the faint hint of a cursory smile that tugged at the corner of his lips as he finished "Tell me what you have seen." Exhaling slowly, Breia did as best she could to calm her nerves in that moment; the trepidation she felt over reliving the night of her brother's turn very near to overwhelming. She knew, of course, that the Chancellor had already sworn to act in neutrality towards the First Order, and their associates; much to her mother's chagrin. But still, that did not stop her from feeling at least slightly apprehensive; her ever-present fear that her association with Kylo Ren by blood may cast her in poor light. She was not so blind as to miss how even some in the Resistance were questioning her loyalty… Almost as soon as the thought had come to her mind, however, the young woman found herself jumping in surprise as she registered Poe's presence at her side; her distraction with her own worries having rendered her blind to his approach. The way he was looking at her, then, as though she had every right to be there—as though she had no reason to doubt her position—gave her strength; even in spite of that trepidation that was all too eager to render her silent. And almost as soon as she had faltered, Breia was straightening once again; her eyes locking with the narrow black of Chancellor Villecham's as she prepared to speak. As she prepared to once again address something she would rather simply forget. … "You've got to be kidding me." "Poe, don't-" Breia began; holding out a hand to place upon Poe's forearm as he made to step forward between herself, and the Chancellor, only to be cut short as her companion spoke over her. "We've just confirmed the threat of the First Order, and you're still refusing to fight them." "The actions of one man are not enough to condemn an entire organization" Villecham countered; his tone cautiously even in spite of the vehemence of Poe's accusation "The First Order has not violated the Galactic Concordance-" "No. No, they've just violated the lives of thousands of innocents." "And there are those who have violated their allegiance to the Republic for the ways of war, are there not, Commander?" Registering the way in which Poe stiffened, in that moment, at the mention of his own defection to the Resistance, Breia forced herself to step forward then; her hand once again finding its way to the pilot's arm as she succeeded in moving his attention away from the Chancellor and onto her. "We knew this might be what happened" She said; her voice hushed as she spared a cursory glance towards Villecham, before looking back up at Poe "We should go." "Breia-" "We should go" The young woman insisted; her sense of the Chancellor's growing anger in spite of how he so diligently attempted to hide it prompting the urgency in her tone as she continued her plea "Please-" "Alright" Poe conceded; his eyes searching Breia's for a moment, before he was managing a terse nod of acquiescence "Alright. We'll go." Satisfied, at least temporarily, that Poe seemed to have decided to stand down, Breia permitted herself a cursory last glance at the Chancellor in that moment; her disappointment that he had not even seemed remotely interested in changing his stance against the First Order mingling with a strange sense of pity. It was not uncommon, she knew, for some to prefer remaining blind to the very real danger that was before them; rather than confronting it head on. But she knew, even without being able to explain why, that Villecham—that countless others who stood with him—would die as a result of that blindness. The First Order would cut them down like they were nothing more than stalks of grass… Forcing such thoughts aside, in spite of the very real sense of foreboding they gave her, Breia opted instead for turning from the Chancellor in favor of heading towards the door; her footsteps faltering only slightly at Villecham's parting words. "Take care not to risk yourselves without thought to the consequences" He said; his tone carrying authority even in spite of its softness "The Republic will not aid you, should you provoke a war." They were on their own. … "I never knew you defected" Breia stated; her tone cautious as she slid into the seat across from Poe in the tiny cantina he had persuaded her to venture to, even in spite of her growing desire to simply return home—in spite of how she tried to avoid marvelling at how interesting it was thathe had now persuaded her to do something she had initially been set against twice, now—one eyebrow rising as she took note of how Poe's resultant shrug seemed a bit forced while he replied. "I never thought it made much of a difference" He said; one hand moving to drag through dark curls as he managed a nod for the man who had just appeared to bring them their drinks before speaking again, with an unexpected hint of doubt in his tone as he caught her gaze with his own. "Does it?" "No" The young woman returned; the guilt she felt over her initial statement prompting her to abandon her own beverage in favor of reaching across the table to place her hand upon Poe's "No, it doesn't I was just—just curious as to why, that's all." A moment's pause existed between them, then; in which the pilot risked a glance down towards Breia's hand, the faint smile that tugged at the corners of his lips bringing a slight flush to the young woman's cheeks as she gently removed her hand and placed it atop the other before her. She couldn't explain it—the flushing of her cheeks, or the faint twist in her stomach at how forward her action must have seemed. But before she might spend too much more time distracted by such thoughts, Poe was addressing her concern at having possibly offending him; the tension all but gone from his voice as he replied. "Because I was more inclined to do something about the First Order than nearly everyone else I was associated with" He returned; managing a sip of his drink between words, and causing Breia to let out a small laugh at the face he pulled once the liquid passed between his lips before continuing "I couldn't justify continuing on supply runs, and nothing more, when there were others out their risking their lives to keep us safe." "So you've got a hero complex, then." "You could say that" The pilot replied; the grin he gave her in response to her jest reigniting the same twist in her gut that she had experienced not moment's prior as he pressed on "Not sure you have any room to talk there, though." "Oh? How so?" "Did you forget your little stunt on Takodana already?" Poe questioned; his amusement evident in his tone as he fixed Breia with a look that was laden with mock-incredulity "Apparently we should add memory problems to the list of your characteristics." "Oh please" Breia laughed; the toe of one boot moving to nudge at Poe's shin beneath the table even as she rolled her eyes and attempted to defend her supposed memory loss "That was logic, not heroism." "Really?" "Really." Noting the faintest hints of disbelief that was all too evident in Poe's expression, then; Breia used the resultant pause in their conversation to take a sip of her own drink, and wincing as the liquid's sour taste burned on her tongue. "Wow—that's awful." The laugh that left her then upon seeing the satisfaction in Poe's eyes that she had come to the same conclusion as he had regarding the quality of the cantina they had come to was unexpected—freeing. It was confusing, how she could suddenly feel so comfortable, even in spite of how she knew she should be anything but. And almost as if in response to these silent thoughts, Breia found herself jumping in response to the sensation of Poe's hand coming to rest over hers; his body shifting as he made to get out of the booth they occupied even as he motioned towards the small grouping that had moved towards the center of the open floor. "Dance with me?" "What?" "You heard me" Poe replied; that damn grin that had so nearly bewitched her back on D'Qar—on the night that arguably started this entire thing in motion to begin with—once again spreading across his features as he tugged her to stand, and pressed his advantage against the unexpectedness of his sudden choice "Meeting with the Chancellor was a bust, and the drinks here clearly don't deserve the title." "So dancing will fix all of this how?" Breia questioned; her doubts suddenly seeming so insignificant in the face of her current position. She knew it was ridiculous. Senseless, even, to permit herself to follow what Poe so clearly was suggesting; in the face of everything else that had brought them here. But in spite of that knowledge, the young woman could not find it within herself to refuse him; her initial hesitation all but squashed as he spoke yet again, the way his fingers twined with her own as he pulled her towards where the others had gathered sealing her acquiescence without her even being fully aware of it. "It'll mean that my offer to take you out didn't turn into a complete bust." Snorting, Breia permitted her companion to drag her to the floor, then; her reluctance fading in the wake of how easy it was to let him pull her away from her fears—away from herself. She knew, on some level, that she shouldn't be doing this. That she shouldn't even be considering letting someone in; and risking their life in the process. Her encounter with her brother on Takodana, although brief, had given ample proof of that. But still, she could not quite tamp down her desire to permit Poe even this minor victory; a small laugh leaving her as he twirled her once in time with the bass that now thrummed through her veins before she let him pull her closer and take the lead in blending in with the other couples nearby. A part of her, no matter how small, simply wanted to take this opportunity to forget everything that had happened; no matter the cost down the road. She wanted so badly to be free of everything she had endured; even if only for a moment. … The remainder of their time on Hosnian Prime, and the journey back home to D'Qar passed uneventfully enough; the conversation between them remaining surprisingly easy—almost carefree—as they finally came within view of the landing zone, and were forced to abandon their easy demeanor for a more focused one. It was strange, in that moment, how the air in the space between them had gone from light-hearted, to businesslike in an instant; even as the resignation they both felt over that necessity became just as palpable as their focus on landing safely. Of course the sight of Admiral Ackbar and General Organa moving to stand ready to receive them didn't help things. "You think Villecham's told them we were with him?" Poe asked, then; jolting Breia from her intent focus for a moment as she turned her head slightly to glance his way. "I hope so." The way her apprehension hung in the air was disconcerting, to say the least; the hard set to her shoulders belying her anxiety even as she tried so hard to hide it. With all that he had, Poe wished they could simply return to their time in the dingy cantina—that they could once again lose all sense of responsibility for a moment in exchange for one more night of freedom. But of course, such a thing was not to be the case; the sound of the craft's engines powering down signaling the time for the both of them to face their superiors. He could only hope that the Chancellor had contacted the General about their presence on Hosnian Prime. That, at least, may spare them some of the consequences that they had brought upon themselves. And as he prepared to disembark, with Breia following closely behind him; Poe found himself fighting against the sense of trepidation that had risen up within his own chest at the expression upon both Ackbar's and the General's features as they approached. "Chancellor Villecham tells me he remains unconvinced" The General began; shaking her head minutely as she registered Breia beginning to open her mouth to speak, her gaze flicking once to the Admiral who stood beside her for a moment before she pressed on "I suppose I might have expected that; but that does not mean there are not other avenues for us to take." "What are those, General?" Poe questioned; sparing a glance for Breia, and noting that she seemed every bit as curious as he did regarding her mother's words before he was returning his attention to the two individuals before them as the General replied to his query. "You, Commander Dameron, will go to Coruscant" She said; observing how the pilot's eyes almost immediately flicked to her daughter, before she was speaking once again even in spite of the way Breia's expression had faltered upon comprehending that she was to remain behind "A contact of mine will meet you, and give you further instruction." "And Breia?" Not thrilled with how Ackbar's eyes had narrowed in response to the Commander's inquiry regarding her daughter, the General hastened to cut off any attempt he might make at discerning the meaning behind just such an inquiry; her next words brooking no room for argument as she spoke. "She will stay here, and confer with both myself, and our newest arrival" She said; catching how Breia's eyes had widened in response to the mention of the girl who had saved her on Takodana before finishing: "I am told she may have been one of the last to see Luke Skywalker before he disappeared." … Chapter 9 "What's in Coruscant?" "No idea" Poe replied; taking note of the barely concealed tension in Breia's appearance as she leaned back against the body of the craft he would be using as he moved around making preparations for flight "But I'm sure it's nothing I can't handle." "I still don't like it." Chuckling, the pilot tossed the bag of miscellaneous odds and ends that he had gathered up into the cockpit; his expression as he turned to face the young woman who had followed him to the hangar earning him a small glare before he was replying to her unspoken fears. "Has anyone told you that you worry too much?" "Has anyone told you that you don't worry enough?" Stunned by the way in which the young woman seemed bound and determined to refuse to believe him, in that moment, Poe opted for turning fully to face her; his expression more serious than it had been moments prior as he noted how she had taken to crossing her arms over her chest and chewing slightly at her lower lip. The gesture was curiously endearing—showing that much concern for his well-being even in spite of knowing that he was more than capable of caring for himself. And perhaps it was that, that had the pilot moving forward on instinct then; the hand that had risen to reach for Breia's hand going un-fought as his fingers curled around her own. "Breia, this is what I want to do. What I need to do" He began; squeezing her and gently in an attempt at willing her to see that there would be no regrets—that there could be none—even if the worst should happen "And I think we both know it's what you want to do, too." The flare of an all too recognizable acknowledgement in the young woman's eyes told Poe all he needed to know in that moment; his certainty of her understanding bringing yet another grin to his lips as he kept their fingers intertwined even as he pulled Breia forward into an impromptu embrace. He could feel how she had momentarily stiffened—how she seemed almost ready to pull away—but at the last possible second, when he had been prepared to pull away, he felt the hand that was not still entwined with his own moving to rest on his back as Breia curled into him; her voice hushed as she spoke into his shoulder— "Be safe-" "I will." It was a promise. He would return. … Some time later found Breia seated in the familiar, run down chair that her father had always favored as both she and Nola waited in the General's quarters; her thoughts wandering, once again, to Poe. In spite of her fervent desire to prevent just such a thing, it seemed as though her mind were all but determined to remember every exchange—every wayward connection—something that had her increasingly irritated as she opted for resting her forehead on the palms of her hands and letting out a low groan of frustration. "What's wrong?" Jumping as she realized that she was not, in fact, alone, Breia shook her head then; trying and failing to ignore the faint flush that had risen to her cheeks as she forced herself to meet Nola's inquisitive gaze. "Nothing" She said; registering the doubt in her companion's expression even as she pressed on "I'm just—I'm just tired." "Tired isn't all of it." "Oh?" "You're worried about him." "Isn't everyone?" Breia returned; refusing to avert her gaze from Nola's in that moment, for fear of giving credence to the other woman's suspicion "He's one of the-" "One of the best pilots you've got, yeah" Nola cut in; the faintest hints of a grin toying with the edges of her lips as she shifted to sit beside Breia on the floor and crossed her legs "That's not what has you worried." To say that she was anything less than stunned by how quickly Nola had been able to eke out the truth behind her lie would have been misguided; the way in which she almost instinctively lowered her gaze to recollect her thoughts doing nothing but mounting her apprehension as she registered the other woman laughing lightly at her discomfort as she spoke. "You like him." "Not liking him seems rather unavoidable-" "It's-" Nola began; the tell-tale smirk on her features prompting Breia to shift slightly in the chair she occupied even as she cut in, her voice strained as she spoke. "It's not different" The young woman insisted; ignoring the faint lurch in her gut that indicated that she was all too aware of her own lie—that she was all too aware of how Nola did not seem even slightly inclined to believe her even as she pressed forward, her words softer as she registered the sound of the door opening so that the General could move to join them. "It can't be." She was not about to put another person's life at risk just because she had formed an unfounded attachment… … Jumping down from the cockpit, Commander Poe Dameron squinted up at the harsh lights of the landing bay; their glare only accentuating the darkness of the surrounding city in comparison. In truth, the pilot had to admit that he was probably every bit as apprehensive as Breia had been over the suddenness of his required departure to Coruscant—but he was not about to spend too much time dwelling on that apprehension; his attention almost immediately redirecting itself to unloading and heading towards the building the General had directed him to. She had mentioned an old friend that would meet him in the lower level—an old friend that would have further instruction for what he was to do next. And although he could not deny that the idea of encountering a stranger alone, with next to nothing in the way of witnesses was not high on his list of tasks to complete, the pilot also knew that he trusted the General with his life. ' He knew she would not purposefully lead him into something that would risk his life. Content with that reasoning, Poe set about finishing the task of unloading the craft; the sound of the astromech droid—BB-8—that had been a near constant companion with exception of his travels with Breia wheeling up and bumping into his leg startling him only minutely. The smallest of smiles graced his features as he registered the curious bleep that the little droid emitted as it rolled along behind him. "It's nothing, buddy" He said; hauling the bag he had taken along with him across his shoulder, and looking down at the droid beside him as it beeped in defiance, causing him to chuckle "Okay wise guy; if that's what you think." BB-8 whirred loudly, then; rolling around Poe's legs, and nearly tripping him up as the pilot tried as best he could to prevent considering the claim the little guy had made. Of course, Poe shouldn't have been surprised that the droid had picked up on the source of his distraction—after all, he had been the one to slip up and let the little guy know about the details of his last mission where Breia had been involved. Something in how he had felt after their return to D'Qar, in spite of their relative failure with the Republic, had made him almost willing to forget that failure— But of course he knew that was ridiculous. In spite of the enthusiasm that his droid seemed to possess for the faintest chance of him holding any sort of feeling towards Breia whatsoever, Poe knew that even if he permitted himself that luxury, the young woman was hardly likely to return any feelings in that regard; her careful distance throughout their few encounters proving that beyond the shadow of a doubt. She had been cordial enough, of course; even managing to grant him the courtesy of a jest or two even in the face of how it had been so painfully obvious that she had not wanted to. It had seemed as though she almost believed that, were she to permit herself such a thing, it would only result in further damage and destruction. She had seemed so starved for human contact. So desperate for friendship even with her reluctance to engage in one. And perhaps it had been that very aspect of her personality that had drawn him to her in the first place; his almost instinctual need to protect her from her own need to keep herself isolated overwhelming caution. Poe was not so blinded by optimism as to believe that any advances he made would be welcome. But even with that knowledge, he had not been able to stop himself from pulling her to him just before he had departed; the absence of her refusal to permit him such a thing only encouraging his ludicrous thoughts. This was not good… Shaking himself, and ignoring the self-satisfied chirp that emanated from BB-8 in response to how he had once again slipped into a bout of distraction, Poe instead opted for pressing forward towards the outer edge of the city he had come to; his eyes casting down to the droid at his side as he shook his head and spoke once again. "If you don't want me to be so distracted, maybe you should stop chirping on about things that you know will never happen" He said; chuckling at the affronted blip that the droid let loose as it wheeled ahead of him just a bit and did an about face until it rested exactly in the center of his path. The string of chirps and whirs made it all too clear that the little guy was not at all pleased by its companion's words—that it seemed intent to doubt them and continue to remind Poe of that doubt—the resultant laugh that left the pilot's lips only partly assuaging his indecision as he resumed the act of walking towards their destination. "Fine" Poe said then; his gaze once again flicking towards the tiny droid as it wheeled along beside him as he consented to its accusation with a grin "I'll admit that I may like her a little bit. But if you're convinced it's more than that, then you're gonna need to do something to give me proof that I won't end up with my foot in my mouth." He wouldn't approach Breia unless he had proof that he stood a chance… … "I'm not sure that's the best idea" Breia intoned; fingers fiddling with the hem of her sleeve as she raised her gaze to meet that of her mother's "He doesn't even know I'm alive." "Breia, he's the only one Luke would have gone to before disappearing" The General countered; sensing her daughter's displeasure and seeking to avert it even as she risked a glance at their newest ally as though to ask for her assistance "He may know where he decided to go after that." "And what makes you think he'll share that with me?" "You're his daughter" Nola cut in then; ignoring the sharp look the young woman gave her in response to her words as she pressed her advantage—as she saw the very real desire to see her father again at war with the reluctance in Breia's expression "You can't tell me you wouldn't give anything to see him again." "He abandoned us" Breia argued; her voice cracking as she tried and failed to ignore the conflict of emotion that any mention of her father was bound to bring to the surface. He had left them. Both of them, shortly after Ben's turn. And although the young woman knew that her father was at least not to blame in leaving her, having thought her to be dead; that did not stop the anger from filling her as she dwelled on the fact that he had still left her mother; her breath coming to her shakily for a moment before she spoke again. "I have no way of knowing he'd even want to see me if he did know I was alive." "Don't say that-" "I let Ben turn" Breia hissed; her pain obvious in her words as she stood from the chair she occupied, and dragging a hand through her hair to tug the braid she wore loose "I'm part of the reason he left; so I don't really see how I'm the right person to do this." "You're the only one he'll talk to, Breia" The General insisted; moving to close the distance between herself and her daughter, and placing a hand upon the younger woman's shoulder "He's going to want to see you once he realizes you're still alive." "And from there?" A moment's pause existed then, in which the three women stood in an almost pained silence; not a one of them entirely certain of the proper course to take from here. Of course there was a risk—a great one, were the truth to be told—in following a lead that was known to be only a possible success; and not without risk. But it was the only way. The only lead they had of even coming close to discovering where Luke Skywalker had gone. Breia knew that it was a risk she would have to take; if they were to ever hope of standing a chance in the fight against the First Order. "From there, you proceed as the situation allows" The General said then; watching intently as her daughter seemed to internally steel herself for what she knew had to be done for a moment, before continuing. "Perhaps, if we're lucky, you may even succeed in bringing your father back to us." … Chapter 10 "You must be the pilot Leia has told me so much about" An unfamiliar voice rang out in the silence of the building's lower level; its echo against the walls startling Poe a bit as he turned to face the source with as much calm as he could muster, given the situation while the owner of the voice stepped into view. Everything but the stranger's face was completely obscured by the brown cloak he wore; something in the nature of that masked appearance putting the pilot on guard even in spite of his trust in the General's instruction. But almost as soon as such apprehension came to mind, Poe found his attention once again redirected to the present moment as he registered BB-8 rolling forward inquisitively just as the stranger spoke again. "I'm Lando Calrissian." "Poe Dameron" The pilot replied; chuckling in spite of himself as he realized by the look in the other man's eyes that he had already discerned as much "But I'm guessing you already knew that." "I did. Leia was incredibly specific about who I would give this information to" Calrissian clarified; doing Poe the favor of removing his hood before continuing "She didn't want anything I might give you falling into the wrong hands." "And what might that be?" Poe questioned; not flinching under the scrutiny Calrissian gave him then, as he opted instead for managing a grin at the way BB-8 was still eyeing their companion and chirping away to himself. Something about the stranger rang a bell—as though he had heard stories of him before; back when he was still a foolhardy boy—back when he would have been more interested in the heroes of the past, than the events of the present. But before he might spare any more time ruminating over why he felt he ought to know this man, Calrissian was speaking again; his tone hushed as he glanced around them to ensure they were still in private company. "We have the opportunity to place a significant dent in the First Order's weapons arsenal" He said; gesturing for Poe to follow him as he moved towards the opposite end of the floor they occupied, and finished: "But in order to secure that for ourselves, we need to move quickly. And we might do better to discuss this somewhere more—comfortable." … "You're sure he'll be here?" Nola questioned; careful to keep her tone as even as possible in the face of the ever-mounting tension that she was picking up in Breia's features as they drew nearer to the dilapidated building their source had led them to "It hardly seems like a place someone would want to be." "If he's here, he's here for business; not pleasure" Breia returned; tucking a loose strand of hair behind her ear, and adjusting the blaster at her side so that it rested more comfortably against her hip "Aesthetics never mattered much to him when he was working." A moment's pause existed between them as both women fell to the task of stepping down from the craft they had piloted to Tatooine; each of them almost simultaneously pulling the cloths they had donned around their necks up to cover their noses and mouths as the sand almost immediately assailed them with a sudden gust of wind. Briefly—only briefly—Breia reflected that this was the planet her grandfather had been born upon. That this was where everything that had shaped her family's history had begun. But almost as soon as such a thought had risen to mind, the young woman found herself distracted by the hand upon her shoulder; her attention flicking to Nola as she gestured for them to get moving. Now was not the time to dwell on the past. With such a thought in mind, Breia forced herself to move forward on leaden feet; her apprehension over a reunion with her father after he had believed her to be dead overwhelming her for a moment. She had no way of knowing what his reaction would be—whether he would welcome her, or turn her away. And although some part of her knew that her own father would be as unlikely to reject her as her own mother had been, that still did not quell the anxiety that now threatened to consume her as they closed the distance between themselves and the door of the establishment they approached; her heart hammering out an uneven pattern of beats in her chest as she heaved a breath. "I think I should go alone from here." "Breia-" "No, Nola" Breia insisted; turning to face her travelling companion and doing as best she could to ignore the sting of the sand against her exposed skin as she continued "I don't know that he'll even appreciate my turning up; and if whatever he may be involved in in there turns ugly, we'll need someone on the outside to do damage control." "And if you end up in over your head?" Nola questioned; her suspicions regarding the real reason that Breia wanted to go it alone barely masked in her voice as she leveled a look her way that said, in no uncertain terms, that she was not about to let Breia put her aside lightly "You're going to need help." "I'll have it" Breia replied; forcing as much certainty into her voice as she could before turning back towards the door and placing her hand upon the handle "Whatever he may feel about me being alive, I doubt my father will just watch as I'm killed." She could only hope it would not come to that… … "The weapons are on Tattoine." "Yes" Calrissian confirmed; pausing just long enough to take a sip of the drinks he had secured for both himself, and his newfound companion before pressing forward "I managed to alert an old friend of their presence as well; but I can't be sure he'll reach them in time." "In time?" Poe questioned; one brow rising as he regarding the man before him with no small measure of curiosity. It still seemed too surreal—the mysterious person that just happened to know where the First Order was stowing spare weapons—the nagging feeling that there was something more to the man, and his past, than he was picking up on at the moment. But in spite of those insistent thoughts, the pilot could not help but trust the man regardless; his attention once again finding itself redirected to Calrissian as the older man answered his query. "I've been watching the weapons for quite a while at Leia's behest" He said; breaking off a chunk of the bread that rested beside him and popping it in his mouth to chew and swallow before speaking again "They never keep them in one place for more than a few weeks at a time. "And this individual you've told about them? They're further away than that?" "Han Solo has always been in the wind" Calrissian replied; fingers fiddling with the glass before him for a moment before he was clearing his throat to continue "If I've learned anything about him at all, it's that he never stays in one place for long." Blinking, Poe drew back slightly in the seat he occupied; all of the pieces that had been nagging at him about Calrissian's involvement suddenly falling into place as the stories he had hung on every word as a boy came drifting back to mind. Calrissian had been a smuggler, too. He had been involved in many of the victories of the Rebel Alliance. A friend to Han, Luke, and Leia. No wonder the General's eyes had turned wistful at the mention of this 'old friend.' "I'm sorry, did you say Han Solo?" The pilot managed, then; his incredulity at war with the knowledge that he ought to have suspected just such a thing from the beginning "The Han Solo?" "The very one" Calrissian chuckled; observing the open intrigue and admiration on the face of the man before him with a grin as it brought back so many memories of a time before this—a time when things had seemed simpler—a time when he himself had been younger "I take it you're an admirer of his." "Something like that." Chuckling again, Calrissian opted for shifting slightly in his seat, then; the way in which the young pilot that Leia had sent to him seemed all but lost in thought amusing him as he made to stand, and noted how Poe's eyes almost reluctantly flicked back to him. "If you're amiable, we should leave sooner rather than later" He said; registering the pilot's nod of assent as he, too, stood and downed the remainder of his own drink—as he reached for the jacket that until recently had been left hanging at the back of his chair; the droid that had remained at his side whirring to life at the prospect of whatever adventure awaited them next. "I won't have it said that we were later even than my unpredictable friend." Making to follow after this unanticipated ally, Poe did as best he could to force himself to remain firmly rooted in the present; even in spite of how his thoughts seemed determined to do anything but. Where before, the prospect of meeting Han Solo would have filled him with nothing but excitement—with intrigue—now, he struggled with the thought of the potential fallout that just such a meeting might provoke. He had no way of knowing what Breia's reaction would be to him encountering her father, where the man had been so elusive in her own life since her return. But that fact notwithstanding, the pilot could not help but acknowledge that he was eager to meet the man that had inspired so much legend— He could only hope that Breia would be forgiving… … The sight that met her eyes as she closed the door of the small hovel behind her had Breia rooted to the spot, for a moment; her reluctance to tug the cloth that had covered her mouth and nose down to expose her face seemingly well-founded now as she watched the events she had intruded upon unfold. Three of the four men that were inside had ringed the fourth into a corner—they had blasters or knives aimed in his general direction. And in spite of the faint lurch that Breia felt as she realized that the cornered man was, in fact, her father, the young woman could not bring herself to step forward; the faint inkling that she should remain unseen, for now, to better discern the cause of the scuffle winning out over any protective instinct she may have felt as one of the three men spoke. "You're going to give us what we're due, Solo" He gritted; jabbing his weapon towards the man he had successfully managed to corner like an animal "Or your friend that we found outside won't know what hit him." "If you knew me at all, kid, you'd know I don't have friends." "Bring him in, then" The man that seemed to be the leader of the small grouping ordered; gesturing for one of his party to depart towards the back door, and causing Breia to duck into a sparsely lit corner to avoid being seen as his eyes scanned the room before he was returning his attention to his captive "If you're smart, you'll give us what we want." "If you're smart, you'll let my companion and myself go." "I thought you said you didn't have anyone." "Maybe I lied." In seconds, the atmosphere changed; the previous tension only escalating as the man that had departed to grab the aforementioned 'friend' returned; Breia's shock only mounting as she recognized the Wookie he escorted— Chewie… Hand falling almost instinctively to the blaster at her side, Breia risked a few steps forward; her attention all but riveted upon both her father, and his very oldest friend. She knew, almost without really realizing it, that there must have already been a plan in place for if the two of them managed to fall into just such a situation as the one they now faced—a fact that was confirmed when the Wookie shifted slightly against the hold his captor had over him; the roar that he emitted serving as all the signal Breia needed to leap into action. Rushing forward, the young woman fired off three shots from the weapon that she had yanked up from the holster at her side; noting with no small amount of chagrin that only one of the shots managed to hit their target. The other two men that had assaulted her father had somehow gleaned enough time to duck behind the odds and ends of furniture that was littered around the room; one of them soon poking his own weapon out from behind the structure he had sought shelter with, and firing it her way. The oncoming blast of light from the weapon forced Breia to dive to the side, then; her own weapon seeming to move of its own accord to fire returning shots even as she moved to get behind some shelter of her own. That distraction, it seemed, had been enough for both her father, and the Wookie to take matters into their own hands; whatever shock they may have felt at encountering an unanticipated ally masked as they moved to fight themselves. Amidst the ensuing chaos, Breia had soon managed to force herself to her feet once again; peeking out from around the upended dresser as she tried to find a way back into the foray. Chewie, she was relieved to see, had successfully cornered the man that had brought him inside; the weapon the man had once held now securely in the Wookie's hands as he held his prisoner in place. The other man seemed to be locked in a struggle with her father to maintain his hold on his own weapon—a struggle that seemed, regrettably, to be turning in his own favor as he succeeded in landing a punch to Han's jaw that had the older man staggering backwards until he found his back bumping against the wall. "Looks like you're dying today anyway, Solo." Darting forward on instinct, then, Breia placed the barrel of her blaster against the man's back; registering how his shoulders seemed to tense as she armed the weapon she held, and tugged the cloth that hid the lower half of her face away and spoke for the first time since she had arrived. "You might want to correct that statement." "And why would I do that?" "Because the first shot you take against him means I end your life" Breia hissed; registering the way the man had shifted to the offensive—as he moved to jerk his elbow back to collide with her stomach, only to find himself thwarted as she dodged backwards away from his intended blow. In seconds, she was firing the shot that would collide with the man's shoulder; sending him crumpling to his knees as his hand shot up to cover his wound— As she tried as best she could to ignore the way her father's eyes widened in disbelief as she once again leveled her weapon to aim directly at the man's temple, and attempted to remain focused—aloof—as she tried her best to avoid succumbing to the faintest flares of apprehension she felt at the prospect of his recognition, and instead made to turn her attention back to the man kneeling before her as her hold only tightened on the blaster in her hands while he moved suddenly to fumble with the comm at his side. "Alert the First Order. We've found Solo and the girl Ren seeks on-" A single shot cut the man's words off almost as soon as they had begun; the impact of the blow with his temple knocking him to the ground. It had been instinct, killing him. Instinct and self-preservation all rolled into one. But in spite of that knowledge, Breia could not help but flinch as the reality of her actions sank in; her father's voice only intensifying her anxiety as he spoke. "Smokes, kid, I—you're alive?" "We've got bigger problems than that" Breia intoned; looking away from the body of the man that had slumped to the ground in favor of finally meeting her father's gaze, and noting how incredulous he seemed—how there didn't appear to be even the most minor of hints of censure in his expression as she registered the sound of a crunch behind her, and seconds later found herself swept up in a crushing, fur-laden embrace. In truth, Breia could not deny that she felt the smallest fractions of joy at just such a thing; the familiar feeling of Chewie's arms circling her waist giving her comfort as nothing else ever could. But almost as soon as the Wookie's triumphant roar had reached her ears—as soon as she had given in, for only a moment, to some small fragment of happiness, she found herself startled back to the present once again; her heart falling as Nola entered the room, only sparing a passing glance for the mayhem around her that had come about as a result of the proceeding struggle before she was closing the distance between them and addressing them all. "Hate to break up this little reunion, guys, but we're about to have company." Great… … Chapter 11 "Company. Any theory on who that might be?" "It's an unidentifiable craft" Nola supplied; sparing an almost apprehensive glance for the Wookie that had now come to stand protectively at Breia's side for a moment before she was pressing forward "Doesn't seem big enough to hold more than two or three people aboard; but that doesn't mean they aren't dangerous." "Were you expecting anyone else?" Breia inquired; directing her question towards her father even as she reluctantly met his gaze, once again finding nothing there but surprise as she awaited his reply. "No. But that doesn't mean there wouldn't be more showing up anyway." Nodding, the young woman turned her attention back towards Nola once again; her mind already trying to formulate some semblance of a plan as she maintained a strong hold on the blaster at her side. It did not seem that their new arrival could be the First Order; her knowledge of her brother's need for theatrics and holding the upper hand erasing the suspicion almost as quickly as it had entered her mind. But that knowledge still did not erase the apprehension that had taken root in her mind; forcing her to do as best she could to ignore the faint trembling in her hands as she cleared her throat and moved towards the door with Chewie and her father on her heels. "You two should get back" She said; peering out into the relative darkness of the desert surrounding them for a moment before she was turning and taking in the expressions of protest that were upon both her father's, and Chewie's features for a moment "If our guests are unfriendly, and there are only two or three, then it should be nothing Nola and I can't handle." "I'm not letting you do this alone, kid." "I won't be alone" Breia argued; fighting against the conflict her father's expression had sparked within her even as she attempted to reassure him "It's not Ben. I'd feel him if it was." "That doesn't matter" Han pressed; reaching out to latch onto Breia's arm even as the distant rumble of the aforementioned craft landing reached their ears—as the moment's hesitation brought about by that sound caused Chewie to let out a disgruntled groan "Breia, I won't-" "You won't what?" The young woman snapped; the effect her tone had upon her father almost instantaneously bringing regret to the forefront of her mind even as she pulled away from him and took a minute step back. Reuniting with him had been far more taxing than she had anticipated; the memory of her brother—of the family they had once known—grating on her nerves and putting her on edge. She hadn't set out with intention of hurting her father. She knew that, even if her actions belied it. But his absence at her return—his seemingly easy time falling back into his old life—all of it set her teeth to grinding; the temper and recklessness that she knew she had received from him flaring up in spite of her desire to prevent it as she spoke again. "Get out of sight. Now." It was all too obvious, in that moment, that the very last thing her father wanted to do was listen to her; his expression changing from hurt at her hard words, to reluctance even as he managed a terse nod and gestured for Chewie to follow him. In truth, Breia did not quite understand her own decision to have both of them leave whatever fight was to come in her hands. But almost as soon as she had tried to shrug it off as mere confidence that she could in fact handle whatever their new arrivals could give them; she was forced to confront that lie, and face the truth behind her actions. She did not want him harmed… Shaking herself from that realization, and forcing herself to focus entirely upon the present, then; Breia tightened her hold on her weapon and turned her attention to Nola, her words hushed as she addressed the woman beside her. "If we show ourselves now, it may give them time to prepare-" "Then we wait here; and let them come to us?" "Exactly" Breia confirmed; rolling her shoulders experimentally to ease the tension that had taken root between them even as she managed a small smile in response to how easily Nola had confirmed what she had thought to be the right course. Too many times, she had wondered at the correctness of her decisions—and so she found it almost eerily refreshing that she had received confirmation so quickly; her knowledge that she was not alone in her line of thinking steeling her as nothing else could. "Get behind that door. I'll stay here." They would wait for the newcomers to enter the building; and then make their move… … "You're sure this is it?" Poe questioned; disembarking from the unmarked craft they had borrowed, for lack of a better term, to get to their current location, and raising a hand to ward against the blowing of the sand that made up the surrounding terrain as he awaited Calrissian's reply—a reply that came with a knowing smile, and a faint laugh as the older man spoke. "If you knew Han Solo as I do, you wouldn't be questioning this at all." "Fair point." Moving forward even as he remained curious at the stalwart certainty in his travelling companion's tone, Poe set about approaching the dilapidated building before them; every bit as nervous as he was excited at the prospect of meeting Breia's father. Belatedly, of course, he realized that his current mindset would have done nothing short of making BB-8 deliriously happy—that it would have all but confirmed the tiny droid's suspicions regarding his affinity for the General's daughter—and the pilot was soon forced to admit that he was strangely glad that Calrissian had persuaded him to persist in leaving the little guy aboard their craft; his aversion to confronting the truth of those suspicions holding strong in the face of how one-sided his feelings must be. There was no way Breia would return them. Not when she had persisted in being so cautiously guarded every time he was near her. Grounded in that reality, even in spite of how disappointing it was, Poe sought to redirect his focus to the matter at hand, then; only a moment's hesitation being spent as they finally neared the door to the building they approached, and his hand moved to push open the door— As he soon found himself yanked forcibly inside, and whirled to press face-first against the drab of the wall as a blaster pressed against his spine… "What have you come for?" "Breia?" … Blinking, the young woman tugged again at the intruder's arm; turning him around to face her, and biting back shock as she realized the voice—the familiar, tousled dark hair—did in fact, belong to Poe Dameron, her eyes widening as she relinquished her hold on him and lowered her blaster just as a second man entered to join them. Faintly, she realized that she ought to have recognized this man as well—that she had known him back when she was a child—when the world had seemed so much simpler. But for some inexplicable reason, in that moment, her attention had seemed to rivet itself upon Poe; her tone hushed as she bit her lower lip for a moment before speaking. "What are you doing here?" "I could ask the same thing of you" The pilot returned; dark eyes roving over Breia's features for a moment, and bringing a faint flush to her cheeks before both of them found their attention distracted by Poe's companion as the older man moved towards the young woman himself. "Breia Solo." "Lando" The young woman returned; the faintest of smiles taking hold of her features as she permitted the man that had once regaled her with countless tales of her father's exploits to pull her into a warm embrace "You look—older." "And you look more like your mother every day" Calrissian returned; chuckling as he released his hold on the young woman and raising a brow at her reluctant expression "Though I see the years have not removed your father's influence from you entirely." "Old habits die hard." "Truly" Lando returned; his attention flicking, if only briefly, to the young pilot that had come along with him, and noting with no small degree of amusement that the man seemed hardly able to tear his gaze from the young woman before speaking again "Where is your father, child?" "I'm right here." Watching as her father's old friend turned to face the sound of his voice, Breia spared a quick glance towards Poe; her heart falling a bit as she did not fail to notice that his expression was still riveted upon her. She didn't know what it was that had her so resistant to being under his scrutiny; especially as she knew that such a thing held only kind intent and a concern for her well-being. But still, she could not shake the growing sense of apprehension she felt at how intent he seemed to be in seeing to her safety; her knowledge that getting anyone else involved, no matter how slight that involvement may be, would only put them in danger. She wouldn't let him get hurt on her account. Content with such a thought, even in spite of how the idea of distancing herself from him completely had caused a strange feeling—something akin to regret—to steal through her; Breia forced herself to redirect her thoughts in that moment, her attention once again returning to her father as he shared an embrace with Lando, and Chewie emerged from hiding as well. It was curious, experiencing the haunting sense of déjà vu as she watched the two men reunite—as though she were revisiting a long forgotten memory—but almost as soon as that sensation had come to mind, the young woman found herself once again distracted; her father's tone of surprise breaking her from her thoughts as he spoke. "Leia sent you for the weapons?" "She certainly didn't send me all the way out here just to see your mug." "Very funny" Han returned; his tone belying his amusement as he drove his fingers through graying hair, the gesture bringing a curious lump to Breia's throat with its familiarity as he continued "I hadn't exactly had a chance to find the things yet." "Lucky for you, I already have their location." "What weapons?" Breia asked then; stepping forward and looking between the two men as she registered Poe doing the same, as one hand moved to tug through disheveled curls "What are you talking about?" "Isn't that what your mother sent you here for?" Calrission questioned; one brow arcing as he watched Breia shaking her head in response, her gaze turning for a moment towards her father as she swallowed first before replying. "She sent me here because he was one of the last people to see my Uncle before he disappeared." A moment's silence existed between them, then; the way in which her father's eyes had widened in response to her words bringing her pause as she tucked a stray lock of hair behind her ear. It was obvious that he had not expected her to have come all this way just to chase a crumb on the trail for Luke. But all thought of whatever he may have suspected to be her motive in finding him was soon forced to the wayside; her attention once again finding its way to her father's old friend as he spoke, and broke the silence. "Perhaps we can discuss that while we locate the weapons?" He suggested; his tone indicating the need to move quickly, and causing Breia to fall in beside Poe as the two of them shared a significant look at his next words. "I'm not inclined to have the First Order find us before we've even had the chance to rob them." … "Last indicators suggest that our contact was on Tatooine" The officer intoned; sparing a glance at the general that stood behind him as the taller man stepped up to investigate the ping on the holoscreen before it died out "Scanners indicate someone took him out before he could finish the communication." "What communication?" Hux demanded; hands moving to fold behind his waist as he turned a sidelong glance towards the officer in question—as he regarded the man with the trademark cool gaze that had him squirming uncomfortably in his seat as he flipped the switch beside his right hand. "This" The officer said; adjusting the volume so that the voice on the comm was audible, and a their source's voice greeted their ears. "Alert the First Order. We've found Solo, and the girl Ren seeks on-" And then it was dead. The voice had given Hux all of the ammunition he needed, however; his determination evident in the way he abruptly turned on a heel and made for the exit of the room. He had very nearly reached the doorway—he had very nearly cleared it; when the officer spoke once again, his words freezing the general to the spot for only a moment with his query. "Shall I alert Ren?" "No" Hux replied then; his tone brooking no argument as he cast one final glance over his shoulder at the officer that had addressed him—as he squared his shoulders and prepared to undermine Ren in any way he could. "I will find the girl, and her father, and bring them before the Supreme Leader myself." He would do what Kylo Ren could not; and earn Snoke's favor for himself. … Chapter 12 "It should be just up ahead." Following along behind the man he had met on Coruscant, Poe risked a glance towards Breia as she walked at his side; her own gaze seemingly riveted on the landscape ahead of them. It was obvious to him that the presence of her father had rendered her on edge. That it had made her nervous; her conflicted expression seeming to indicate that she was torn part way between anger at his absence, and relief that he was, in fact, alright. Her anxiety was almost palpable; the energy from it vibrating in the air around her, and pushing against him given their proximity. And although a part of him was almost convinced that he should attempt to do something to ease that tension, the pilot knew that to do so would only make things worse. He only wished he could help her. Almost as soon as such a thought had risen to mind, however, Poe found himself distracted once again as their small party came to a halt; the suddenness of that movement bringing him astoundingly close to a collision with the back of the Wookie that had accompanied them. Belatedly, the pilot realized that his near-miss had brought a small grin to Breia's lips; her eyes meeting his for only a moment before they were both forced to redirect their attention to her father. "This is huge" Han intoned; stepping to the side so as to permit those behind him to see what he referenced, and sharing a significant look with his daughter as Poe watched her move to stand at his side "I don't suppose your mother will miss a few if these—" "You're not coming back with us?" "Kid-" Breia had moved away from her father almost as soon as his protest had left him; the way her jaw had clenched minutely belying her disappointment as she opted instead for redirecting her attention towards Calrissian and the weapons he had unearthed. Once again, the pilot found himself fighting against the need he felt to do something—anything—to help her; instead choosing to move until he stood at Calrissian's side as the older man spoke. "Will these do?" Suppressing a laugh at the satisfaction in the older man's expression, the pilot opted instead for moving closer to look the weapons over; his shoulder brushing against Breia's as he crouched down beside her. By the looks of it, she was just as awe-struck by the supply as he was; the way her eyes met his only confirming his suspicions as she shifted to look back at Calrissian and replied: "Definitely." … As the last of the weapons were loaded on the craft Breia had taken with Nola, the young woman released a breath she had not realized she had been holding; her gaze once again flicking back to where her father stood talking with his old friend as she absently chewed her lower lip. A part of her had always known he would have no intention of returning to D'Qar with her; his aversion to returning to everything that would remind him of the family he had lost holding more sway over his actions than she would have liked. In truth, the young woman knew that she could not entirely fault him for that; her own apprehension upon her initial return having very nearly prompted her own disappearance as well. But still, such an acknowledgement did not entirely wipe out the hurt that his refusal had given her; the faint burning that had come to her eyes causing her to turn so that she might dig the heel of her hand against her eyelids. She was stronger than this. She had to be. Almost as quickly as such determination had risen to mind, Breia found herself once again distracted by the appearance of her newest acquaintance at her side; the young woman's voice forcing her somber thoughts to the back of her mind as she spoke. "You ready to go?" "Yeah—yeah, in a moment" Breia replied; her hand moving to hand Nola the pack that had been at her shoulders as she opted for moving towards her father "I just have to take care of one thing-" "Got it" Nola cut in; her seeming suspicion regarding Breia's intent only giving her more certainty that what she was doing was right as she heaved a breath and moved forward. Belatedly, she registered Poe's approach from the other side of their craft; her hand moving automatically to prevent him from following after her as she closed the distance between herself, and her father. She knew, somehow, that she had to speak to him alone; or risk being overwhelmed by her own lack of confidence—by her own guilt at what she had been a part of through her own inaction. And so she forced herself to move forward alone, then; one hand coming up to tuck a stray lock of hair behind her ear as she registered her father's attention shifting towards her. "Can I have a moment?" She inquired; doing as best she could to prevent her apprehension from showing—as she watched her father shift slightly on his feet before glancing at his companion as though waiting for his approval. It only took a moment for Calrissian to acquiesce; his departure leading him towards their other companions, and leaving Breia with her father. For a time—only seconds—the young woman was forced to reconsider her intentions. But the sound of her father clearing his throat as though trying to discern who ought to speak first soon broke her of that minor weakness; her arms coming to cross over her chest as she spoke again. "They tell me you saw Uncle Luke before he left." "I did." "And?" Breia pressed; one brow rising as she took note of the guarded expression that had taken ahold of her father's features before he was moving a hand to rub at the back of his neck. "I don't know where he went, kid." "You don't even have a clue?" "I don't" Her father insisted; his expression unreadable as he took a step towards Breia even as she stepped away "Kid, you have to believe that." "Yeah." "Breia-" "No, it's alright" The young woman interrupted; her attempts at hiding how discouraged she had become failing as she fiddled with the hem of one sleeve "I just hate to have to tell Mother how pointless this was." "Pointless?" Han protested; flinching at how Breia had once again drawn away from him as he had made to step forward, and trying to avoid thinking of how very like Ben she could be when trying to mask her feelings "You think getting that arsenal was pointless?" "I didn't come here for the weapons" Breia countered; the way her father looked at her in that moment bringing back the memories of how often he would look at her brother when he was being difficult only causing her to withdraw still further as she pressed "I came here for you." "I can't go back-" "You can. You don't want to." Before either one could move to speak any further, however, they soon found themselves distracted by the sound that could not be mistaken for anything other than an approaching craft; the noise soon rendering Breia stunned as she registered her father dragging her until she rested behind him with her back at the door of the craft he himself had used to come to Tatooine, the appearance of the vessel filling her with a cold sense of dread. The First Order had found them… … "Release the holoreader" General Hux ordered; the faint gust of wind that had risen up from the small exit of their craft wrinkling his nose with the accompanying rush of sand even as the grey-clad officer beside him moved to comply. "Aye, sir." Watching as the man set about his task, Hux shifted to cross both hands behind his back; his eagerness to capture Ren's sister himself almost outweighing his need to stick to protocol. They would give the others the false hope of a peaceful capture. They would offer compensation for any that would give up what the First Order so desired. Naturally, when it came to following through on the promise of safety; the willing soul would be surprised with a quick end… The appearance of another uniformed officer before him soon brought General Hux back to the present, then; his monotonous voice breaking through his thoughts like a sharp blade as he came to attention before him and spoke. "Holoreader is ready, sir." "Good" Hux intoned; moving to stand before the separate holoscreen that would give him a good view of the goings on below "Give them their terms." "Yes, sir." Moving towards the holoscreen in the center of the control room, General Hux waited with bated breath as the officers lowered the reader to the ground while their craft hovered above it. He had brought his plan to Supreme Leader Snoke before their departure; garnering his approval and gaining assistance as well. The Supreme Leader had seemed to know all too well what would be necessary to get the girl and her father exactly where he wanted them. And as the distant sound of the holoreader whirring to life filled Hux's ears, the General found himself unable to prevent the satisfaction from taking over his features; his certainty of their success nearly palpable as he waited for the inevitable. They would not know what hit them… … Squinting against the harsh blue light of the object that had dropped to the ground from the opening of the approaching craft, Breia moved slowly—cautiously—out from behind her father in spite of his restraining hand upon her forearm; her heart soon coming to lodge itself firmly at the base of her throat as a familiar figure appeared before them, drenched in the pale light of a holoreader. Dark robes shrouded wide-set shoulders; the hood of those robes falling back to reveal a pale, gaunt face as the creature she had hoped for so long to avoid rose to stand, his voice resonating around them as he spoke. "Breia Solo—" "No" The young woman breathed; risking a step around her father and realizing that he appeared to be rooted to the spot—realizing, belatedly, that the pulsation of energy from the holoreader was every bit as strong as if the figure were really standing directly before them. It did not take long for her to determine that she appeared to be the only person capable of any movement, in that moment; the almost instinctual way in which she had erected the invisible barrier to protect herself stunning her for a moment, before she was returning her attention to her adversary, even as she felt the weight of his push against her mind. "Give yourself to me, child, and no one else need suffer." "You lie." Flinching at the bolt of dread that the low, rumbling chuckle Snoke gave off, Breia forced herself to continue moving forward in spite of how every fiber of her being seemed intend upon turning away; determination squaring her shoulders as she gritted her teeth and redirected her impromptu barrier outward to push against the Supreme Leader himself. Already, she could feel the power emanating from his immediate surroundings. She could feel his power lust, and desire for victory, even from where she stood. And although it frightened her that such a sensation could be so potent even without his direct presence, the young woman still persisted in closing the distance between them; the way in which the energy surrounding the both of them seemed to clash with a muted rumble between them giving her pause. She had sworn to turn away from this, after Ben's turn, and yet here she was succumbing once again. As if he sensed her thoughts, the Supreme Leader redoubled his efforts at breaking past her shield; his intent focus upon her seeming to weaken his hold on the others. Peripherally, Breia could sense the faintest beginnings of movement—she could feel the approach of the awareness that was so distinctly Poe that it stunned her; her instinctive need to prevent anyone from coming to harm outweighing her shock at how easily she had identified the pilot simply through the distinct imprint he cast on their surroundings as she extended a fraction of the strength she was using to guard herself against Snoke and used it to push the pilot back. Upon realization of such a fact, her adversary's eyes had seemed to widen, then; his lips pursing into a thin line as he strengthened his own efforts enough to cast away the young woman's protective shields with the swipe of one hand—a hand that soon came to rest stretched out before her as he slowly forced his way into her mind. "You care for him" He growled; his words bringing terror into the young woman's eyes as she struggled against him and fought to the even ground that she had formerly held "Your anger now proves it." "You're wrong." "Am I" Snoke hissed; drawing back from Breia, but never once relinquishing his hold over her, and her companions as he drew on the mutual fear for one another that this foolhardy girl and the man that had moved to protect her held before speaking once again "You need only embrace your anger to know I speak the truth." "I will not" Breia spat; fighting with all she had to draw from the energy that surrounded her and use it to once again gain the shield against Snoke's invasion of her mind "I would die first." "You will not die, girl. You are of too much use to me for that." Almost in time with the hardness of his words, Breia felt his hold on her mind weakening slightly; the apprehension she felt over what might come next as the result of such a thing soon turning to shock as she became aware of a hauntingly familiar presence in Snoke's place. "Give in to him, Breia" The voice said; the surprising resignation to its tone bringing the young woman's breath to catch in her throat as she registered it speaking once again "Give in to him. I can help you." No… "Listen to your brother, child" Snoke intoned, then; the sound of his words startling Breia as she felt the second presence in her mind dissipating almost as quickly as it had come "I can give you a family again. A home." "I already have a family" The young woman hissed; fighting against the guilt that tore at her at the memories her brother's presence in her mind had provoked, even as she registered her adversary's hold on her loosening even as it remained iron-tight around her companions as he spoke. "A broken thing" He intoned; moving to step away from the young woman and turning to address the others "Yet one that still seems ready enough to die for you." In that moment, Breia wanted nothing more than to have the Supreme Leader there, before her; her fear and self-doubt at his mockery of her fading away and replacing itself with an unspeakable anger at his threats against those she cared for. It was tempting—entirely too tempting, to heed the creature's words and use that anger to strengthen her. But something in the way that Poe's eyes had almost instinctively locked onto hers as her attention had strayed momentarily from Snoke halted her advance—halted her from doing something that she knew she would later regret; her apprehension once again coming to the forefront as Snoke moved to speak once more. "It is clear to me you wish to protect this girl" He began; his hold over them never wavering even as Breia remained free "I am loath to stop you; but you must, I think, take a moment to ask yourselves—" A moment's pause existed then, its length enough to spur Breia into motion; her hand curling around the blaster that was tethered at her side as she crept slowly forward. It would take only a few steps more—a few steps and she would be able to see the holoreader, and destroy it; releasing them all from Snoke's power. But before she could reach her intended goal, the young woman soon found herself rooted to the spot as the Supreme Leader broke the momentary silence; his words breaking whatever flare of confidence she had perceived in her actions. "How many of your lives is hers worth?" Simultaneously with his last words, Breia faintly registered a small movement from opposite her, where Poe had once stood; the realization that now she was the only one Snoke held immovable sending a flare of dread to coil within her stomach. He had turned to her now—his approach was relentless, and so lifelike that it was difficult for her to recall that he was nothing more than a pale blue glow. But almost as soon as such a recollection had momentarily stalled her nerves, the young woman found herself letting out a low cry of shock as she registered a familiar hand tugging her backwards— And then the image of Snoke was shattering into an infinite number of pieces; his absence bringing a strangled gasp from Breia's mouth as the sudden freedom assailed her, and she realized they were now faced with several of the vessel's officers as they moved out of the craft's entrance; her eyes widening even as the hand at her arm moved to turn her and drag her in the opposite direction. "Come on, kid, we've gotta move." … Chapter 13 "Come on, kid, we've gotta move." … "Wait" Breia protested; tugging back against her father's grasp as she cast a glance to each side of her surroundings simultaneous with being tugged headlong through the dilapidated village "Wait—where's Poe? Nola?" "We can't wait for them-" "We have to!" "Kid those Stormtroopers are gonna be right on our tail. Do you really want to encounter that?" "Do you really want to live with the alternative?" The young woman countered; flinching as the sound of a blaster shot echoed far too close to her person for her liking, and turning to fire a shot of her own to meet it. It amazed her, in that moment, that her father seemed all too willing to forgo the safety of the others they had travelled with in favor of protecting their own. He had changed, since she had seen him last; his intent far more focused upon self-preservation than it had ever been. And something in that reality had her foolishly doubling back in spite of his stunned shout of protest; blaster in hand as she ran back towards where the others had been not moments before. As reluctant as she was to do so, the young woman soon found herself once again extending the thin tendrils of awareness that her uncle had so favored in her outward as she did as best she could to search for her wayward companions. It was difficult at first, siphoning the presence of the Stormtroopers from those she sought to protect. But soon enough, Breia felt the brazen presence of her newest acquaintance as she seemed to be running towards her— Running towards her, and bringing a trio of Stormtroopers behind her. Acting quickly, Breia brought the blaster she held out before her; instinct prompting her to fire shot after shot even in spite of how her mind had only just managed to redirect itself from the search to the present moment. One by one, the Stormtroopers fell almost immediately through the combined efforts of both Breia, and Nola; and both of the women shared a belatedly surprised glance at having found one another so effortlessly, before the sound of still more troopers approaching prompting them to begin moving once again. "I thought you'd left" Nola said between breaths; her eyes remaining fixated straight ahead as the duo moved through the ruins in the surrounding desert trying to stay ahead of the approaching enemy. "I wasn't going to leave you." "That's appreciated." "Did you see Poe?" Breia said then; ducking as she sensed a blaster shot heading her way from somewhere behind her, and simultaneously throwing back a force-shield that would, at least temporarily, protect their backs. Ironically, the girl realized, she was seemingly far more adept at creating physical shields than emotional ones; the way in which her voice had trembled upon mentioning the pilot belying her concern and giving her companion at least a miniscule amount of amusement as she replied. "You have a one track mind." The irritation that Breia felt in combination with her embarrassment at Nola's comment was short-lived, in that moment, as she registered the sound of still more blaster fire coming from somewhere off to her right—somewhere that would lead her directly into the line of sight of the troopers behind them if she chose to follow it. Almost as soon as that realization had come to mind, however, the young woman was turning to her companion; her voice curt as she sensed that Poe was among those that she would now head towards. "Cover me." Never sparing a backward glance, Breia darted off in the direction of the weapon-fire that had so recently caught her attention; her urgency only increasing as she took in the distinct flicker of barely concealed fear that registered to her awareness—something that could have only come about at having been surrounded. Poe was just ahead—ever so close—Breia sensed it. And although she wanted nothing more than to deny the beginnings of whatever it was that had spurred her towards him in the face of her own dwindling safety, the young woman pressed on regardless; her arrival in the small opening in the ruins around them going unrecognized until the startled cry she gave upon the connection of a taller frame with her own stole some of the troopers' attention. Stunned, Breia could only permit herself to fall to the ground beneath her attacker; the wind leaving her lungs as her back collided with warm sand. On instinct, she forced herself to roll to the side just as the man who had collided with her rose again to his feet; her eyes widening as she came face to face with the man she had heard so much about. General Hux… … Ducking as yet another shot aimed towards him, Poe fired three more of his own at the approaching Stormtroopers; cursing under his breath as he realized that eventually, his luck would run out. Already, he had downed four—but still, six remained; a prospect that was as daunting as it was almost morbidly amusing. So this was how it would end… Opting in an instant for darting to the side of the main grouping of troopers as they moved to circle around him, the pilot fired off four more shots from his blaster; the appearance of the black-clad figure at the outskirts of the skirmish only fueling his determination. Briefly, of course, Poe found his thoughts turning towards Breia and wherever her current whereabouts may have taken her; the anger he had experienced at observing how the creature that was at the head of the First Order had manipulated her once again making its appearance as he ducked behind a ruined building with blaster held at the ready. It was then that he heard it. The cry of surprise that was astoundingly familiar that it brought the sensation of buckets of ice being dumped into his veins to the forefront of his awareness; the resulting sounds of a struggle prompting his next action. Almost immediately, the pilot was emerging from behind the ruin that he had chosen to seek solace behind; the sight that met his eyes giving more determination than he had held before. Breia, it seemed, was locked in struggle with the man he had identified from earlier; the dark-clad officer of the First Order's seeming willingness to remain at the edge of the foray all but forgotten as he forced his female adversary to the ground. Belatedly, Poe was also forced to register the appearance of the other woman that had accompanied Breia; her weapon held outstretched as she, too, leapt into the struggle and began downing the enemy as best she could. Her appearance had, it seemed, cleared a path for him to reach the woman that he had felt almost compelled to protect, both now and in the midst of her struggle with Snoke. Yet almost as soon as such a realization had come to mind, the pilot soon found his attention redirected as blaster fire from his immediate left took hold of his attention. He only hoped Breia could fend for herself… …. General Hux was a far more skilled fighter than Breia could ever have anticipated; each attempt at undermining his obvious advantage over her in height and strength going thwarted as he blocked every move she made. It was hard—so very hard for her to gain the upper hand; especially as she felt all but compelled to keep at least a fraction of her awareness intent upon ensuring that both Poe, and Nola were still alive. It was that distraction that had rendered her unprepared for the General's next move; the blow he landed on her abdomen giving ample opportunity for him to twist her arm behind her back at an odd angle—an angle that had yet another cry wringing from her lips as Breia felt his other hand move to rest just beneath her breast. "Where is your gift now, girl?" He hissed; tugging her arm still further out of place as Breia made to break free of his hold, his breath running hot against her neck and causing her to grit her teeth "It would seem to have abandoned you." "Maybe I'm just trying to even the fight." The chuckle that passed from between Hux's lips in that moment sent a shiver down Breia's spine as she tried, and once again failed to free herself from his grasp; his hold on her only tightening as she found herself spun about to face him, and registered him speaking yet again. "Perhaps I won't kill you" He said; the sensation of his free hand sliding along her abdomen causing her muscles to tense as he finished—as his words gave her the time she needed to prepare her next move— "It would be far more interesting to see uses for you that Leader Snoke has not even considered." Summoning as much energy as she could, the young woman wrenched her hand free from Hux's grasp, then; her foot coming down to crush his even as she used his momentary distraction to reach for her blaster where it had fallen to the ground not far away. It took only moments for her to bring the weapon back up to collide with the General's temple; the blow sending him stumbling backwards once again— And then she felt the pressure of a hand as it took hers; its warmth causing her to bring herself around and face a concerned expression as Poe spoke, his voice slightly foggy as Breia struggled to calm the energy that coursed through her in its frenzy. Something in the way Hux had threatened her held her nerves in its hold, even in spite of how she knew that the man was now at least temporarily, rendered unthreatening—a thought that now seemed content to control her entirely, at least until she felt Poe's hand tightening around her own as he spoke. "Breia, are you alright?" "What?" The young woman breathed; her mind finally catching up with her surroundings instead of remaining fixated on her preceding struggle. She could see, now, that the troopers that had outnumbered them were now all but eliminated; the last of them meeting his end at Nola's hand. But that realization still did not fully calm her, in that moment; her body jolting once again as she realized Poe's palm had come to rest against her cheek. "Are you alright?" "I—yes" The young woman returned; swallowing in an effort to steady her nerves before shifting her attention to Nola as the other woman approached "I'm fine." "Good" Nola acknowledged; the expression that passed over her features in response to the way Poe's hand had lingered upon Breia's cheek for only a moment longer bringing a flush to her companion's cheeks as she turned to spare a glance towards Hux's now shifting frame "We should probably leave—" "We should" Breia assented, then; shaking herself as best she could and doing everything in her power to avoid meeting Poe's gaze as she opted instead for stepping around him to glance back in the direction from which they had run. She heard nothing, now. No sounds of blaster fire—no cries of anyone falling to injury. And so it was that, in spite of the still nagging sensation of apprehension that refused to let her go, the young woman forced herself into motion; with Nola and Poe falling in on either side of her— As she registered the sound of a blaster charging from where General Hux had remained motionless behind them; the instinctive drive of the protective barrier she hastily erected around her companions falling short as she realized, too late, that the target had been her all along… … Chapter 14 Wincing as the impact of the blaster shot collided with her right thigh, Breia fought against the almost immediate buckling of her knees as she let out a muted groan of surprise; the pain that burned through her wound causing an instantaneous propulsion of the energy that she had so long attempted to control outward towards the enemy. In seconds, Hux was rendered motionless as Breia forced herself to stand facing him; his pale blue eyes going wide as he remained frozen to the spot. For a moment—only a moment—time seemed to stand still with him; both he and the young woman that had immobilized him remaining entirely fixated upon one another. Where Hux's eyes were a roiling mixture of not only abject fascination, but also anger; Breia's held another emotion entirely. Horror. Without fully realizing it, the young woman had inadvertently found herself using the energy at her disposal out of anger—out of instinctual pain and shock. And almost as quickly as she had acted, Breia soon recognized the familiar apprehension and shame that came along with acknowledging that perhaps she was not so very different from her brother after all—a feeling that had almost caused her to relinquish her hold over the General, until the sensation of a hand reaching out to catch her as she nearly crumpled to the ground jolting her to awareness enough for her to realize that letting Hux go would only give him further opportunity to fire. She could not allow that. Resigned, Breia maintained her hold over the General in spite of the way her stomach turned even as yet another plume of discomfort spread from her leg; averting her gaze from Hux just long enough to meet with Poe's concerned expression. "Breia?" "I'm fine." Before the pilot could voice his disbelief over Breia's statement—over how even as she spoke, she had shifted so that as little weight as possible was on the injured extremity, however, Nola had once again stepped forward; only a spare glance going towards Hux before she was speaking. "Can you hold him over a distance?" "I—I think so" Breia replied; trying and failing to replace some of her weight on her right leg, and starting suddenly as she felt Poe lifting her so that both he and Nola might begin to move "What are you doing?" "We're not going to get anywhere very fast with you on your feet" The pilot returned; ignoring the sharp glance Breia gave him in favor of focusing on the path Nola was leading them on "You just focus on keeping him still." "But-" "No, Breia" Nola cut in then; turning for half a moment to give her companion a look that brooked no argument before redoubling her efforts at moving forward—before turning to look ahead once again so that her new friend might miss the knowing grin that had taken over her features at how the pilot had never even attempted to hide his concern, and perhaps something more for the young woman he now carried, as she finished: "We've got to get back to where we landed; and fast." … "We're not gonna have time to go back" Lando shouted over the commotion of blaster fire; ducking around a pile of unidentifiable odds and ends as he tried to make his way back to Han's side "If we don't leave now, we're dead." "I'm not leaving her behind" Han argued; moving to peer over the makeshift barrier he had created and firing a few shots as Chewie roared his agreement "She's my daughter." "Do you even know where she went?" "That doesn't matter." "Han, it does and you know it" Calrissian insisted; jumping up to cover his old friend and the Wookie as both made to move closer towards him "Without any idea of where she might be, we're blind." Lando was right, of course. Han knew that as well as anything. But in spite of that knowledge—in spite of how decades of focusing solely upon self-preservation had almost forsaken all other thought of benevolence—the smuggler could not bring himself to turn away from saving his own skin this time; the brief glance he shared with Chewie only solidifying his resolve as he turned his attention back to Calrissian. "Cover me." He had walked away from her once. He was not about to do it again… …. Halting as the sound of distant blaster fire reached her ears, Nola held out a hand for the two behind her to do the same; the silence that existed between them only seeming to magnify the sounds of the struggle just beyond their sight. The noise seemed to be growing fainter—more distant with every passing breath. And sparing a glance backwards to see that Poe's attention was riveted upon her, as Breia closed her eyes, likely to cement her hold over the General, Nola heaved a breath; her words soft as she once again turned and began to move faster still through the debris. "We're close." "How can you be sure?" "Breia?" Nola questioned; continuing to move even as she waited for her companion's reply—as she waited for her to confirm what she felt, in her heart to be true. "She's right" The young woman acknowledged; her voice weak—distant as she struggled to focus on the ever dwindling speck of energy that was General Hux. It had been ages—ages since she had attempted holding a connection with someone over such a distance; the last person to have been on the receiving end being her brother as they had experimented, so long ago, to see how far they could get from one another while still being able to communicate. And part from the wound at her thigh, and part from her still nagging reluctance at even continuing on as she was, Breia found her resolve wavering; the shock she experienced at the weakening of her hold on General Hux prompting an unanticipated surge of energy to flow through her. She could not fail now… "She's right" The young woman repeated; her tone more determined as she forced her eyes open and met Poe's gaze head on "We're close. I can feel it." "How-" "Two on one, Poe; you sure you want to argue with those odds?" Nola interrupted; her response perhaps shorter than it ought to have been as she once again held up a hand to signal a halt when still more blaster fire reached her ears, this time from closer at hand— As the sound of an engine roaring to life drowned out all other noise, and the trio found themselves ducking as an unidentified craft swept overhead; effectively shielding them from the approaching enemy fire… Help had arrived. … "Keep firing" Han ordered; flicking the controls so that their craft remained level, and peering out of the small viewport that it afforded to ensure that the trio at ground level remained shielded before adding "Come on, move." "I am" Lando protested; a small chuckle of amusement for his friend's obvious tense demeanor leaving him before Han corrected himself. "I wasn't talking to you" The smuggler intoned; eyes moving from the controls before him, to the scene unfolding below, and back again as he pressed "I was talking to them." "I see. She's injured." "I know." He had seen that almost immediately. Ignoring the way in which Lando's eyes seemed to be intent, now, upon drilling into him as his old friend tried to decipher his reaction, Han opted instead for maintaining his attention upon the control panel before him; only the faintest flickers of relief reaching him as he realized the return fire against them was dwindling. Such a thing was enough to prompt the smuggler to once again risk a glance at the three they were trying to shield; a small grin taking over his features as he spoke. "It's working." "Great. So what's the plan now?" Lando questioned; drawing Han's attention his way as he fired still more shots towards the now dwindling Stormtroopers that were approaching. Only a moment's pause existed, during which Han thought over their options; the only one that was even remotely plausible becoming painfully obvious. They had already taken care of most of the troopers that were on the ground; that much was clear in the way those that remained had taken to turning and moving back in the direction from which they had arrived. But logic dictated that this was not the end; in spite of how it very much appeared to be so. There would be another attack—more enemy fire—likely in the form of aerial support; if they delayed for too long. It was obvious, what they had to do… "We make them chase us" Han said; never bothering to glance towards his friend even as he registered Chewie grunting, whether from acquiescence, or disagreement, he could not tell. "We make them chase us; and we give those three down there as much of a chance as we can to get out of here." … "They're drawing them away" Poe marveled; clambering aboard the craft that Nola and Breia had flown to Tatooine as easily as one might while carrying another person, even as that self-same person squirmed restlessly in his arms. "He's a fool" Breia whispered; worry and resignation and something else that Poe could not quite recognize wavering in her voice as she shifted slightly against his hold over her—as she winced in response to the pain that her sudden movement had caused to stem from her wound. "He's helping" Nola corrected; her eyes flicking to Breia's for only a moment before turning to begin powering up their craft "In case you hadn't noticed, that's a good thing." "He's going to get himself killed." "You don't know that" Poe encouraged; gently setting the young woman in his arms down and maintaining a hand at the small of her back as she adjusted to standing on her own once more "He knows what he's doing, Breia." Lips pursed, the young woman forced a nod as she watched Nola take her place in the cockpit; shifting to test how her leg would withstand any weight as Poe remained steadfast at her side. Her father would be alright. He had to be. She could not think otherwise, when they had parted on such uncertain terms. Determined to make herself content with such a thought, Breia opted for beginning to move cautiously towards the opposite side of their small craft; her steps halting—uneven—as she tried to move through the pain in her thigh. Belatedly, she realized that Poe had made to follow her; the sensation of his hand at her elbow bringing her pause as she turned to face him, and he spoke. "Where are you going?" "If they're going to send an armada after us, we need someone manning the guns." "You're hurt" The pilot insisted; noting how close their confined quarters had placed them in, and almost instantaneously shoving such thought aside as he pressed "You should rest." "And let you do all the work?" Breia countered; one brow raised as she turned once again from Poe in favor of redirecting herself towards her original destination "Not likely." "Has anyone told you you're too stubborn for your own good?" "Has anyone told you that I need a copilot?" Nola's voice reached them from the cockpit then; its harried tone causing Breia to level a significant look Poe's way before she was turning back towards the gunner position. "If you value your life, Poe, I think you ought to help her." … The First Order had, in fact, sent for an aerial attack; the TIE fighters seeming to easily catch up with them as the trio made for home. In doing so, the enemy had forced them to redirect their course—an event that had seemed to almost immediately heighten the already present tension in the small craft as Poe opted for turning backwards to call out to Breia. "Shooting them now would be a good idea!" "I know that, Poe" Breia returned; fighting the obviously contradictory desire to laugh at the ridiculousness of their situation even as she once again returned enemy fire "Stick to co-piloting. I've got this." "And your leg?" "Got that, too" The young woman supplied; maintaining her attention on the fighters behind her as she tried to ignore the pilot's concern—as she tried to ignore how it insisted upon nagging at her mind, threatening to become an all-consuming thought. It was only normal, she supposed, for Poe to feel such a thing; especially knowing that she would feel the same if he were the one that was injured—knowing that she already had felt that concern, when he had encountered her brother. But still, that logic did not seem enough to stop her from permitting the faint hope that the pilot held such concern for her well-being out of more than a simple general goodness at heart to become consuming. She had to squash such thoughts, and quickly… Shaking herself, Breia once again forced her attention to the enemy behind them; yet another shot downing the closest TIE fighter that was following them as she did as best she could to convince herself to remain focused. Her feelings—whatever they were—for the pilot that her mother so favored were, it seemed, nothing more than a childish fancy; the unlikeliness of them being returned, in combination with what stood to happen if they were ruling out anything that she might dare to hope for. Anyone that she loved—anyone she cared for would be in danger until the threat of the First Order had been eliminated. No one else would fall because of her. She would not allow it. She could not… … Chapter 15 It was almost soothing, resting like this with her back leaning against the chair she occupied with eyes closed and breathing steady. After they had just barely navigated a barrier-free path away from Tattooine, enemy fire and pursuit had become all but non-existent; the diversion created by her father, Chewie, and Calrissian serving as enough to split the First Order's forces in two. With Nola and Poe focused on flying, and her own attempts at taking down any pursuers, the trio had made their escape with a relative ease— And then, Breia had redirected her thoughts into the meditative state that her Uncle had always encouraged her to use; the better to avoid focusing her attentions upon both the wound in her thigh, and the uncertainty of her father's fate. The act of relinquishing her tenuous hold upon her current surroundings had been only too easy; the pain and confusion that the present held too overwhelming for her to consider at the moment. Everything from her horror at how she had handled General Hux, to Poe and the complex mixture of feelings he provoked had rendered her mind fuzzy. Only half alert. And she knew that, were they to continue to consume her as much as they already had, she would be of no use to her companions if they came upon more trouble. With that knowledge, it had been only too easy to force her mind clear of any and all distraction; all that may have made her fearful—all that may have clouded good judgment soon falling away as a reluctant peace began to take the place of her mounting anxiety. Briefly, the young woman contemplated how easy it would be to simply remain as she was; swathed in the more peaceful nature of the Force, rather than return to the world that was always so complex. But then, something was breaking through her carefully constructed mental blockade—something that sounded like a voice torn by worry, and perhaps something else. Something foreign— "Breia! Breia, snap out of it!" Shocked by the intrusion, the young woman reluctantly forced her eyes open once more; instinct causing her to start as she registered Poe's presence directly before her, one hand covering her own on the armrest while the other resided upon her cheek. In moments, Breia felt the prickling sensation of the pain from her wound that she had so long tried to ignore as it came surging back into focus—she felt the faintest stirrings of guilt at the worried expression that had consumed Poe's features—and then she was jumping yet again as Nola joined them, her tone a hard mixture of concern and exasperation as she spoke. "Let me take a look at that leg." "Who's flying the ship?" Breia questioned; her mind still foggy as she struggled to redirect her focus towards her surroundings. "Auto-pilot." "Are you sure that's wise?" "We're well outside of Tattooine, with no signs of pursuit" Nola returned; her tone indicating that she was poignantly aware of exactly how removed Breia had become from their situation to have missed such a thing "And I don't want to be the one to tell the General that we let you slip out of our fingers." "I'm not going to-" "Breia, just let her give it a look" Poe interrupted; the hardness to his voice stunning the object of his seeming irritation into silence. It was unlike him, Breia knew, to speak to anyone harshly; his typically calm and friendly nature all but making such a thing impossible. And in spite of herself, the young woman fought against the almost immediate pain that the pilot's words had brought her; instead choosing to shift so that Nola could get close enough to see her injured leg. Even the lightest of the girl's touches was enough to send lances of pain through Breia's nerves; the sensation causing her to tense involuntarily in her current seat—causing her to instinctively latch upon Poe's hand as she gritted her teeth to avoid crying out. For a moment—only a moment, Breia thought that the pilot was close to recoiling from her impromptu touch; the way his expression had tightened seeming to indicate nothing else. But almost as soon as such a thought had come to mind, the hardened look had dissipated; and Poe was shifting so that he could thread his fingers through Breia's as he addressed Nola. "How bad is it?" "Still bleeding" Nola replied; her expression masked by the skein of dark hair that had fallen across her features as she stooped to examine the wound still further "Which isn't good." "You need a tourniquet." Before Breia could react, Poe had relinquished his hold upon her hand in favor of removing his jacket; the way in which Nola had almost instantly reached for it and begun to tighten it around her leg stunning her as she realized she should have seen it all coming. Should have anticipated it. But she hadn't. And that realization meant more to her then, than anything else that had transpired leading up to it. She was slowing down… Fear—real, and paralyzing—gripped her then; her heartbeat accelerating within her chest as she almost immediately latched onto the faint tendrils of energy that surrounded her as she fought to use them in her favor. If she could just harness enough of that ever more elusive power, she might staunch the flow of blood that was now making her faint. Dizzy. It was making the voices of her companions seem to ebb and fade around her; the jolt of the ship they occupied coming to her as something might from a great distance away as she registered Nola abandoning her attentions on her leg while Poe remained at her side— While she slipped into blackness, until even the sensation of the pilot's hand as it engulfed her own in its warmth faded away… … "For all of your superiority, General, the Supreme Leader will surely know you failed" Kylo Ren intoned; his voice, as always, distorted by the mask he wore as he towered above Hux where he sat nursing one of many injuries "I should have been made aware of your plan." "I believe you, too, have failed to bring the girl into custody. Your own superiority seems a bit—unwarranted" Hux retorted; rising with a barely concealed wince to gain a closer height to his adversary, even as the taller man cut in to speak. "Yet, of the two of us, it would seem you were the one with the best chance to do so." "And how is that?" "You had the pilot" Ren elaborated; his knowledge of the strange attachment that his sister held for the headstrong man only fueling his certainty, and his ire that the obviousness of such a thing had eluded even one so inferior as Hux "If you had subdued him, Breia would have been yours." "I doubt it would have been that simple." "It is, General. Or did you not notice how she was willing to throw herself into a circle of your Stormtroopers to save him?" Hux's silence only spoke of victory to Kylo Ren in that moment; the way his cool blue eyes had only tightened in their disdain for how easily his opponent had outsmarted him nothing short of pleasing. In those times where Supreme Leader Snoke made him question his own usefulness—his own value to their cause, moments like this were enough to bring everything back into focus. And any small chance he might find of holding that over his counterpart was sure to be a sublime opportunity; the satisfaction it brought him never wavering as he registered Hux risking a step closer to address him. "I doubt her attachment, real or not, will make much of a difference in the long run" He said; gauging Ren's reaction and seeming to take his own form of pleasure from the way the taller man had stiffened upon hearing his next words— "I think you would be remiss to forget exactly how good I am at shooting things." … Sequestered away in the small antechamber that housed his grandfather's old helmet, Kylo Ren sat crouched and transfixed as he stared at nothing. Hux's parting words had not lost their meaning upon him; the cold finality with which he had delivered them resonating in his mind. Hux had been referring to shooting Breia. In spite of his fervent desire to appear indifferent, Kylo Ren was all but incapable of resisting the instinctive need to use the former bond he held with his sister to seek her out now; a desperate need to ensure that she still drew breath confounding his attempt at forcing her from his mind entirely. It would have been easy—all too easy to imagine that his need to see for himself that she had survived stemmed only from a desire to fulfill the Supreme Leader's order to bring her to him. To use her to further their cause. But in spite of such a desire to remain simply bound by duty, Kylo Ren was unable to prevent the faint, but unforgettable need to protect Breia—to keep her safe in spite of how foolishly she had resisted him. Yet again, he had unearthed a weakness that must be eliminated. Momentarily stunned at how easily he had become waylaid in his purpose, Kylo Ren forced aside any and all sentiment in favor of redirecting his search towards simply achieving an end. If Breia were alive, it would only mean that she could be used. Her strength would afford them an advantage; and that was all. She would either acquiesce, or die. That was all she must be to him. A pawn that would be discarded the moment she became too much trouble. Steeled by that knowledge, the man who was once known as Ben Solo continued the efforts to determine Breia's fate; the sudden eruption of a familiar presence near the outstretched tendrils of his mind only solidifying his resolve. It was her. Breia. She was alive, though only just; the way in which her presence seemed to fade, but not die out entirely giving proof to General Hux's earlier statement. She had been injured. Weakened. But not removed from the situation entirely. And that was all the proof he needed. Soon, she would join him; or face the consequences of her refusal. There would be no second chances… … Jolted awake by the foreign presence as it brushed against her mind, Breia was unable to stifle the sharp cry that escaped between her lips; the sensation of a hand coming to rest against her forearm serving as enough to render her hyper-vigilant as she wrenched her arm away and almost instinctively flung herself away from whoever had approached. It took a moment—only a moment, for her to take in her surroundings; the darkness rendering all hope of discerning their exact location moot. But then that hand had reached for her again—this time, belonging to a clearly formed body that was familiar, if not apprehensive. Poe. "Where are we?" Breia asked then; stunning herself with the hoarseness in her voice even as she registered a faint resistance to her attempt to move—as she realized her injured leg was now coated in a fine layer of unidentifiable leaves, and that she had been propped securely against a curiously shaped tree "What—what happened?" "We were hit just before you blacked out" Poe replied; cautiously approaching the young woman before him and settling in to sit beside her without touching "Fortunately, we were able to land after taking out the squadron that followed us." "And now we're—" Letting her sentence trail off almost as soon as it had begun, Breia caught something in Poe's expression that was as unmistakable as it was frightening. It was in that moment that the absence of their other travelling companion brought itself to her mind—and that thought was enough to bring panic once again to the forefront as she tried and failed to stand—as she registered the hand that had so effectively brought her out of her unconsciousness once again moving to latch upon hers to stop her. Briefly, Breia considered pulling away once again; her urgency to find her newest acquaintance overriding almost everything else. But something in the way Poe held her then, as though trying to reassure without words stayed her attempts at gaining freedom; her eyes reluctantly turning to meet his as her voice rose, barely above a whisper. "Nola?" "She's fine" Poe supplied; never once relinquishing his hold upon Breia even as her relief at his words caused her to slump in relief "She's fine; she's just trying to find a good signal to get communication back to D'Qar." The sigh of relief that the young woman emitted was ear-shattering in the otherwise silent nature of their surroundings; her eyes momentarily closing as she struggled to maintain composure. Her fear of losing yet another person that she counted as a friend had been so paramount in her mind, it seemed, that she had unconsciously latched upon it even when there were so many other things requiring her attention— Perhaps that was how she missed the signs that pointed towards what would happen next. Opening her eyes, Breia soon found herself rendered motionless as she watched Poe while he remained steadfast in his observation of her; his expression at watching the relief take over her features unreadable for a moment before it was once again settling back into that familiar look of determination that had her almost immediately on edge. Already, he had inched closer, one hand moving to gently tuck a stray curl behind her ear as he waited for her to pull away yet again. He was close—so close to her that Breia could scarcely breathe. She could scarcely think. A part of her was all but bent upon moving before Poe could do something that she was sure he would only regret later. But that part was soon waylaid by the part of her that had set itself upon remaining stock still; her entire body freezing as Poe moved still closer and covered her lips with his own… … Chapter 16 This could not be happening… Frozen as the weight of Poe's lips remained insistent upon her own, Breia could not help but respond to the gesture, at least half-way; the way in which one hand seemed to instinctively rise to rest upon the pilot's cheek stunning her as she tried and failed to discern the motive behind such an act. A part of her wanted nothing more than to let Poe continue on as he was; her own conflicted feelings leaning more towards acknowledging him as an object of at least some modicum of affection now more than ever. But a still larger part of her was hesitant; as though the very real fears she held over permitting anyone save for her own parents into her confidence were determined to paralyze her forever. And it was that part of her that had her drawing back slightly from Poe's advances, albeit reluctantly; her eyes mirroring her confusion as she took a shuddering breath and tried to regain her sense of equilibrium. "Poe-" She breathed; the way the pilot's name left her lips seeming as a mixture of a reproach and a silent plea for more, and causing her cheeks to flush as she shifted to look away from him "Poe, I—I'm sorry." "Sorry?" Poe returned; one brow rising as he reached forward and gently tucked a finger beneath Breia's chin so that she was forced to look at him directly "Sorry for what?" "For—for telling you that we can't do this." "Why?" "Because" Breia began; her voice breaking in spite of her resolve to remain aloof as she regarded the expression that had so swiftly taken over Poe's features—as she realized that he looked every bit as though she had just confessed hatred instead of hesitation "Because anyone that gets too close to my family is automatically in danger." "I don't care." "You should!" The young woman exclaimed; her frustration over the pilot's stubborn refusal to see the facts that should have been obvious overwhelming her desire for caution as she tugged away from him on instinct and fought against a wince as pain returned anew from her injured leg "Do you have any idea what losing you would do to me?" A moment's pause existed between the two, then, as Breia's eyes once again became downcast in embarrassment while the pilot's only seemed to have widened. It was as though, even in spite of how his action had seemed to indicate certainty of reciprocation, he too had harbored doubts. But all too soon, that awed expression turned once again into some semblance of determination and ire; his hand reaching for Breia's and succeeding in catching it as he spoke. "Do you know what losing you would do to me?" Stunned by his admission, Breia could only remain as she was, stock still in the middle of their strange surroundings as she tried to process what to do from here. She couldn't let it go any further. She knew that; with as much certainty as she knew that she would eventually have to choose between staying back from the fight that was so obviously brewing beneath the surface, and stepping forward to aid the Resistance. Only that choice, it seemed, was becoming ever clearer. Simpler. What to do about Poe, in contrast, was always so elusive… Before she could spend too much more time contemplating such thoughts, however, Breia found herself startled back to the present as she felt rather than saw Poe withdrawing his hand from her own; his previously open expression more guarded as he turned to face Nola as she stumbled into the clearing they occupied, her own features giving nothing away while she approached. "They're sending someone for us pronto" She said; glancing at Breia and doing as best she could to hide her concern as she registered how the young woman had taken to picking idly at some of the leaves that covered her wound instead of engaging her two companions in conversation "And Breia, your mother made no doubts about needing to speak with you right away when we return." Great… … "What were you thinking?" General Leia Organa demanded; turning from her daughter to move towards securing the door of the room they occupied before speaking once again "You nearly got yourself killed!" "I did everything you asked!" Her daughter protested; something in her tone indicating that she was as harried as she appeared as she pressed "We had no way of knowing the First Order would find us there!" "I am well aware of that, Breia; what I'm referring to is your blatant disregard for your own life when you went back for Commander Dameron." "So you would have had me leave him behind." The accusation in her daughter's voice was evident, then; her eyes blazing as she forced herself to swing both legs over the edge in spite of the obvious discomfort it caused. In truth, it pained the General to be at odds with Breia; especially in light of how such discord had already driven one of her children from her, and perhaps for good. But even that pain was not enough to completely stem her frustration with the young woman's recklessness; her voice clipped as she replied to her daughter's censure. "No. I would have had you at least acknowledge protocol in getting him back." For her part, it seemed as though Breia had no reply for such a statement; her reluctantly chaste expression indicating that she had been forced to acknowledge the logic behind the General's words. And almost in spite of her desire to remain stern, Leia was once again moving to stand beside her daughter; one hand coming to rest upon the younger woman's shoulder as she spoke. "You care for him." "I can't" Breia countered; the slight fissure in her tone only worsening her resolve as leaned into her mother's touch "If anything happened to him-" "You feel the same regarding your father and myself; and you haven't excluded us." "That's different." "Is it?" The General questioned; smiling faintly at the familiar flash of defiance in Breia's eyes that used to exasperate her so dependably when she was a child "I think we both know that is a lie." Moving to sit beside the younger woman as she opted for ducking until her head rested in her hands, Leia shifted so that she might wrap a comforting arm around her daughter; her sympathy for exactly what it was that Breia was going through prompting her next words. "You need to speak with him, child. Let him know your fears" She began; noting how Breia even still had yet to look directly at her before she finished. "Give him a chance to acknowledge what you fear; or it may drive you apart for good." … "You what?" Nola exclaimed; dragging a hand through tousled hair as she whirled on Poe with an incredulous expression "What did—what were you thinking?" "I don't know." "You don't know?" "I don't know" Poe repeated; running a hand across his face as he opted for taking a seat in one of the chairs nearby while his companion continued pacing the room "Not that it's really your business." "I think, where Breia is concerned, it is." "Explain." Sighing in exasperation, Nola moved to stand opposite the pilot that had so obviously confounded Breia's clarity; her back coming to lean against the wall even as her arms crossed over her chest. It was obvious, to her, the effect that Poe had come to have upon her newest acquaintance. Obvious that the young woman held him in high esteem. That she cared for him. But along with that caring, Nola knew, came a deep sense of anxiety. Foreboding. Already, she had gathered that Breia's faith in their cause was tenuous at best. Anything that could threaten that faith had to be nipped in the bud as soon as possible. With such a thought in mind, Nola redirected her attention to the pilot before her once again; her voice lower, though no less strained than it had been before as she spoke. "We need her with us. All of her" She began; holding out a hand as she registered Poe opening his mouth to protest before going on "And anything that jeopardizes her involvement is a risk." "How so?" Poe demanded then; not bothering to keep the aggravation from his voice as he stood to face Nola directly "How, exactly, am I a risk to her?" "I heard what she said. Asking what she would do if something happened to you-" "And?" "And you seem to be ignoring the very real possibility that any further loss for her could prove catastrophic!" A moment's pause passed between the two, then, in which Nola recognized the slowly dawning horror on the pilot's features as he turned from her and drove a hand through unruly dark curls. While a part of her hated to be a direct contributor to his unrest, a still greater part was at least somewhat pleased that he seemed to have caught on to her hidden meaning; his entire body tensing at her final words. "She knows it, and I think you do too" She said; heaving a breath to steady her resolve as Poe's atypically hollow eyes met her own. "If she loses anyone else, you most of all, Ben Solo will be the least of our worries." The General had alluded to her daughter's power being even greater than her son's… … Chapter 17 The next day found Poe working intently on the engine of his X-wing; his thoughts trying as best they could to wander back to Breia in spite of his desire to prevent it. He should not have kissed her. He knew that, now. But in the moment, it had been all he could do to pull away from the General's daughter; even in spite of how he had almost immediately registered her tensing the moment his lips had touched hers. Even with that very fact, however, he had been hard-pressed to believe that some part of her, regardless how small it was, had not wanted him to pull away. "Do you have any idea what losing you would do to me?" Those had been Breia's words—words that she had tried to use as a means of telling him that they couldn't possibly take what had transpired between them any further. But Poe had been unable to completely convince himself that such words were anything other than a simple concern for a friend; the strange ring of desperation that had been in the young woman's tone giving him the means to believe otherwise. Whatever was between them—she felt it too; of that Poe was certain. And although he knew it was foolish, the pilot could not hold out against the small hope that he hadn't been incorrect about Breia's own feelings; his hand coming up almost automatically to fork through his dark hair, and almost as quickly falling to hang at his side as a shadow crossed over the engine of the X-wing and he turned to find himself facing an unexpected sight. "Hey." Breia… … "Hey, yourself" Poe returned; looking up at Breia and sending a spasm of uncertainty to crawl through her gut as she did as best she could to remain as sure of herself as she had been when she had decided to seek him out. It had all seemed so easy—finding him, and apologizing in her own way for how she had reacted to everything that had transpired between them. But that was before she was looking down at him while he looked up at her; something unreadable passing over his familiar brown eyes as he rose to stand with her. "Was there something you need?" The question hung between them, for a moment, unanswered; both of them seeming caught, as though unsure of which way to turn. Although she detected no malcontent in Poe's question; Breia still was unable to completely withstand the sudden desire she felt to abandon this entire thing and turn to head back to her own tasks—but almost as soon as she had made to step away, she felt Poe's hand reaching out to latch upon her own to stop her in her tracks. "Breia, stop-" Turning reluctantly back to face Poe in response to the gentle pressure of his hand in hers, Breia forced herself to look him in the eye; aware that her hand had taken up the act of trembling minutely within the hold of his as he spoke once again. "Do you regret it?" "Regret what?" "You know what" Poe insisted; his free hand moving to run lightly up Breia's arm to her shoulder "I just—I need to know if you regret it." Silence passed between them, then; while Breia redirected her gaze to where Poe's hand now rested upon the bare skin at her shoulder beside the strap of her top. Already, she could feel exactly what she had felt before—when he had kissed her—as though a swarm of insects had set about flying in her chest where her heart was pounding; tearing her apart with what she wanted and what she knew to be right. And half in an attempt to thwart her nerves from running rampant over her intentions, the young woman moved to gently disconnect Poe's hand from her shoulder; her eyes once again meeting his and taking note of the faint flash of pain that swept through them before she spoke. "No. No, I don't, but I—you need to know what this could do." "What what could do?" Poe demanded; his tone perhaps a bit harder than it ought to have been as he moved back a few paces from Breia to give her the space she seemed to desire "Breia, I kissed you; I didn't confess to killing your childhood pet!" "I know" Breia acknowledged; something within her twinging painfully at the slightly injured expression that tainted Poe's usually carefree features "I know you didn't but for me—for the world I'm so used to, it's akin to the same thing." "Could you explain?" Nodding, Breia tugged a hand through her hair, then; the breath that left her far shakier than she had anticipated as she tried to configure her next words. She wanted—no, needed Poe to understand. She needed him to realize that her reluctance had nothing to do with him; and everything to do with what could happen to him if they even contemplated moving forward. She needed him to see that there was more at stake, here, than simply their own feelings. How to get him to see that without hurting him in the process, however, was as yet a mystery. Resigned to her task, however, the young woman opted for redirecting her attention to Poe as she looked up at him once again; her voice soft as she did as best she could to explain the impossible. "I'm not—I'm not exactly safe to be around" She began; holding out a hand to forestall Poe's impending protest in favor of pressing forward "More particularly because of—of my brother and what he's done. What he's still doing." "I'm hardly afraid of your brother." "Perhaps you should be. You've seen him! You know what he can do!" Breia interrupted; frustration at the pilot's almost naïve belief that he could withstand whatever consequences that their actions provoked fracturing her voice slightly as she pressed on "Don't ask me to watch him do worse to you." "Breia, that won't happen" Poe countered; ignoring caution and stepping forward to once again reach for the young woman's hand, and finding himself pleased to note that she did not recoil "I won't let it." "You can't stop it." "Then why not fight it together?" Marveling at the suggestion, Breia could only shake her head in stunned resignation; her fingers threading almost on instinct through Poe's as she considered his unexpected idea. She had been so accustomed to being alone—to needing solitude, after her brother's turn; that she had never come around to contemplating what it would be like to have someone to confide in. Someone to help. Even now, welcome as such a thought was, it still seemed foreign; the very idea that she could bring another into her fight as abhorrent as it was freeing. She couldn't possibly subject anyone else to the strength she knew her brother possessed. But the more she thought about that very thing—the more she even considered having another individual at her side, apart from her mother—the more she was forced to acknowledge that such a thing might strengthen her instead of weakening her. With such an unanticipated realization, Breia heaved a steadying breath; the way that Poe seemed to watch her as though her answer had the power to either break him, or reassure him giving her all the strength she needed to finally manage her reply. "Fine" She assented; a strange relief taking over her at the way the pilot's eyes seemed to instantaneously relax upon hearing her words as she pressed on, her heart lighter than it had been in a long while "But promise me one thing." "Anything" Poe replied; the honesty in his words startling Breia for a moment as she realized that simple word meant far more than it let on. In that moment, she knew that Poe would do anything to keep her safe—that he was every bit as determined to protect her as she was to protect him. And in spite of the almost immediate horror that threatened to overwhelm her at just such a realization, the young woman forced herself to think of it as a blessing; not a boon— She needed him; whether that need was safe, or not… "Promise me" Breia repeated; stepping closer to Poe, and running a hand up his chest to rest upon his shoulder, blind to how that hand trembled— "If I ever tell you to leave me and run; you'll do it." Poe didn't say anything, in that moment, the free hand that was not twined with Breia's moving of its own accord to cup her cheek. He couldn't do it—he couldn't promise her what she wanted; swearing that he'd leave her if things were really that bad. But knowing, as he did, that she'd never agree to anything happening between them if he refused, the pilot opted for a faint smile and shake of his head; his next words soft as he ducked down to claim Breia's lips with his own once more, and noted with no small degree of relief that she met the gesture with equal fervor instead of pulling away… "You're impossible." … Chapter 18 "So you two are official, then" Nola stated; crossing her arms over her chest, and leveling an intrigued gaze Breia's way "I have to admit, I never saw that one coming." "Why not?" The young woman returned; tucking a loose lock of hair behind her ear as she fiddled with the panel of the simulator she had been working on. In the past few days, she had found herself almost curiously eager to fall back on whatever means of training Luke had given her; as though the thing that had so unexpectedly developed between herself and Poe had prompted her to fight even harder against the very thing that sought to destroy them. And although she, too, was as flabbergasted by her current situation as Nola seemed to be, Breia could not help but feel the need to justify herself anyway; her next words tentative—cautious—as she spoke "Why didn't you see it coming?" "Because I thought you were dead set against that sort of relationship." The look Breia gave her friend in that moment must have indicated her shock at hearing those words; Nola's expression almost immediately turning to one of hasty apology as she held out a hand and tried to explain. "Breia, I just mean that, last I knew, you were hesitant to get involved with everything that's going on." Sighing, Breia could not help but acknowledge that Nola was, in fact, correct; her hesitation over getting close to anyone else besides her family having been obvious from the start. But something about Poe had been different. From the beginning, he had gotten under her skin; bringing her out of the self-imposed isolation she had so fervently embraced after her brother had turned. And something about that very fact had prompted her, beyond all thought of logic or reason, to consider what she was doing now with more than hesitation. "I was" She said; abandoning her work on the simulator in favor of directing her attention in its entirety towards Nola before going on "I was, but—this is different." "Different." "Yes. Different" Breia insisted; leaning against the countertop where the simulator resided and managing a half-hearted shrug in the face of Nola's questioning expression "He—he's got a way of getting to you that—that doesn't make it easy to resist." "So he's a stubborn pain in the neck?" "He's driven. Determined." "And you like that?" Nola inquired; laughing at the exasperated expression that crossed Breia's features for a moment before listening as her friend replied. "I suppose current events suggest I do." "Have you told your mother?" Snorting, Breia shook her head, then; the fact that she had yet to disclose what it was that had developed between herself and the pilot to her own mother weighing at her a bit. In truth, she hadn't entirely gleaned what was behind her seemingly unnatural hesitation; her suspicion that the General might already have suspected the beginnings of a bond between her and Poe making her reluctance seem that much more ill-founded. But still, Breia could not quite bring herself to confess to the one person that she knew she owed the truth to; her reply to Nola's inquiry subdued. "No. I just never seem to find the right time; when she's always either stuck in meetings, or planning our next mission." "Sounds like you're making an excuse." "Nola-" "What? It does; that's all I'm saying." Forced to acknowledge that her friend was right, Breia crossed her arms over her chest and exhaled; her head shaking in mild frustration as she tried and failed to think of exactly how she could manage what Nola seemed to think was the right course of action. She knew, on some level, that her mother would not be upset. That she would not be discouraging in the face of a relationship that was not so very different from the one she herself had known when she was Breia's age. Why, then, was the prospect of saying the words to her mother's face so daunting? As if fate sought to mock her indecision in that moment, Breia found herself looking up as the sound of footfalls reached her ears; the amused grin that had taken over Nola's features bringing a small flush to her cheeks as she watched her mother walk towards them with a curious expression taking over her features as she spoke. "Who's making an excuse for what?" Here goes nothing… … Some hours later, Poe found himself wandering the halls of the Resistance base rather aimlessly; having already completed the work he had wanted to do on his X-wing, while the other pilots were already out on supply runs. It had seemed a little odd that they had all received one task or another, while he had been left out. And although the pilot had been all but itching to get back out there—to do something to change the seeming advantage that the First Order had over them—a part of him was absurdly relieved that he had been left behind. He had been reluctant to leave Breia behind just when she had finally begun to come back to the world… Almost in time with the turn his thoughts had taken, Poe soon found himself rounding a corner to face one of the many rooms at the base that had not yet been put to regular use; the sight that met his eyes bringing him pause as he opted against any further movement into the room, and instead leaned against the doorframe. Breia was alone in the room; her dark hair knotted back in a messy pony tail with loose strands trailing down the back of her neck. Her eyes were closed; her head tilted slightly back, as though she were seeking communion with something neither of them could see. And although a part of him knew that it might be wiser to turn and walk away, leaving her to her thoughts, Poe seemed unable to do anything other than move away from the doorframe and towards her; the way she never even seemed to jump as he wound his arms about her waist bringing a smile to his lips. "Hey you" He intoned; pressing his lips gently against the side of the young woman's neck and noting with some satisfaction that this particular gesture did have her shivering slightly as she leaned back against him "Were my feet really that loud that you heard me coming?" "No" Breia laughed; opening her eyes and turning in Poe's embrace to face him directly while she wound her arms around his neck "I did pick up on someone that seemed intent on distracting me though. Figured it was you." "It could have been anyone else-" "No" Breia said; freeing one hand from its place at the base of Poe's neck so that she could run her fingers through his wealth of dark hair as she leaned up to press a light kiss against the corne of his mouth "It was you." "Do I even want to know how you knew that?" Poe questioned; the fingers of one hand tracing idle patterns against Breia's spine and causing her to shiver noticeably once again before she replied. "Probably not. Jedi secret." "I see" The pilot returned; smiling in spite of himself at the devilish glint in Breia's eyes. It amazed him; how she had taken everything that had happened between them in stride—how she had seemed to relax, since the start of it all; as though perhaps a part of her had been more willing to do this than she had wanted to let on. Perhaps that was what prompted his next words, in spite of how he had no idea how she would react upon hearing them. "So I just had a rather lengthy discussion with your mother-" "Oh" Breia breathed; her hand dropping from Poe's shoulder to his chest as she took a hesitant step backward, only to find herself thwarted when the pilot did not move to let her go "What—what did she say?" "She said a few choice words about what she would do to me if I hurt you" Poe began; holding out a hand at the immediate look of awestruck horror that had taken over Breia's features in favor of pressing forward "Even mentioned exactly how easy it would be for a certain Wookie to break every bone in my body." "Wow." "That wasn't all though" The pilot pressed; grinning at the way Breia was looking up at him as though terrified of what he may say next "She also mentioned something about it being about damn time-" "Poe!" Breia admonished; swatting at the pilot's shoulder in exasperation for having strung her along so easily "You-" "I really had you going, didn't I?" "You're terrible." "Mm—and yet you still stay with me" Poe laughed; latching onto Breia's hand and threading his fingers through hers to thwart her from swatting at his shoulder once again. It was easy—all too easy, to use his hold on her hand to tug her towards him once again; her eyes meeting his as he ducked down to brush his lips against hers before pulling back to speak again "Not that I'm complaining." "You wouldn't dare" Breia quipped; smiling as she looked at her hand—as she marveled at how easily it grasped Poe's, their fingers intertwined as though neither one of them wanted to relinquish the hold they had over one another. She had never imagined that it would be this easy to fall into whatever it was they had—as though fighting it in the first place had been pointless. But before her thoughts might take her any further along that particular path, she found her attention brought firmly back to the present as she registered Poe pulling back from her slightly; his hand remaining firmly twined with hers as the sound of footfalls came, belatedly, to her ears. "Admiral Ackbar" Poe said; only the small shake of his head giving Breia pause as she had attempted to relinquish her hold on his hand after taking in the stern cast to the Admiral's features. "To what do we owe the pleasure?" … Wrenching himself out of his attempt at reaching into his sister's mind, Kylo Ren suppressed the feeling of elation that swept through him at having so easily found his suspicions confirmed. His sister had given in. She had fallen prey to the very thing she had tried so hard to avoid. Her skill at blocking her mind had fallen away with her acquiescence to enter into whatever it was she was entertaining with the Resistance pilot. And that acquiescence had given him exactly the sort of ammunition he needed for the next steps in the tactical stratagem the First Order would need to eat away at the heart of their opposition. At first, he had wanted only to end the opposition that his sister's presence provided. He had wanted to end it, before it might serve as inspiration to strengthen the Resistance into impunity. But now? Now, he wanted nothing more than to heed the desire that the Supreme Leader had already planted within his mind. He wanted nothing more than to bring Breia to his side. To tear away everything that held her to the Light… And now, he had exactly what he needed to do it. It was so simple, now. Now that everything was out in the open. The thing that he, himself, had most dreaded—using their parents to get to Breia in her foolish stance against him was no longer a problem. He had someone she cared about that even his innermost feelings could not object to losing. And for the first time in what felt like ages, Kylo Ren felt a strange sense of purpose; hauling himself to his feet and permitting his feet to carry him towards where he knew he would be able to commune with one whose knowledge far surpassed his own. He intended to inform the Supreme Leader of his discovery—a fact that he knew would be nothing less than pleasing to Snoke; as it was pleasing to him. Perhaps the only thing that could persuade his untainted sister to follow him into the Darkness would be the loss of the very thing that kept her in the Light. The sacrifice of the pilot would simply be a means to an end… Chapter 19 "You're sending him alone" Breia stated; her incredulity unmistakable as she turned to face her mother where she stood at the center of the otherwise unoccupied conference room. It was obvious to her, in that moment, that Admiral Ackbar's intention had been to separate her and Poe, before telling the pilot of the new task that had been set before him—but, fortunately for her, her mother was not so secretive. She had told her how she hoped to find a piece of the puzzle that might get them closer to finding her uncle—that Poe was an important contributor to that hope—a fact that still did not have Breia convinced as she raised a brow and spoke once again "You really think that's wise?" "I think Commander Dameron is more than capable of handling himself" Her mother replied; noting the look of disbelief on her daughter's face for a moment before stepping forward to take the younger woman's hand in her own "Breia, you know that." "Do I?" "You should. And you should know he'll do anything he can to come back to you." "I wish I could believe that" The younger woman breathed; gently removing her hand from her mother's in favor of moving to sit in the empty chair just a few steps away "I really wish I could." "How can you not?" Her mother questioned; her eyes never leaving her daughter's strained features, even as she wished with all she had that she could take that strain away. It wasn't right for such a young person to have so many things weighing at her—tearing at her bit by bit until there was nothing left but raw exhaustion. But even as much as she wished it was not the case, General Organa knew there was nothing she could have done to stop it— Their family had borne this curse for as long as she could remember. "Breia, you must know he cares for you a great deal" The General said then; once again moving to stand before her daughter, and reaching down to tilt the younger woman's chin up so that she met her gaze "That he'd do anything for you-" "I can't lose him." The fragility in her daughter's voice, in that moment, was jarring; the way Breia's eyes shone with unshed tears prompting the General to shift so that she might take another chair and move it to sit beside her daughter. Instinctively, she reached for her daughter's hand; noting with no small degree of relief that Breia took it unreservedly—a fact that prompted her next words as she squeezed her daughter's hand by means of encouragement. "You won't have to" She said; holding out a hand to waylay Breia's obvious impending protest in favor of going on. "But that said, I don't think you should spend the last few hours before he leaves here with me." Her daughter needed to be with Poe, now; not with her, dwelling on fears that may never come to fruition… … It was always the same dream. The same aura of destruction. Whenever Breia went to bed thinking of her brother, she would find herself almost instinctively sent back to the forest as it burned away in the wake of several explosions that were, as yet, of an undetermined source. She was alone, in that forest. Alone, and unarmed, save for the lightsaber belted at her waist. And, like every other time she experienced this same dream, she found herself inexorably drawn ever deeper into her wooded surroundings; the muffled shots of blasters and artillery from fighter craft fading into the distance as she pressed onward against the chill of the wind. It was always the same, and yet she persisted in following the same path… Drawing the hood of her jacket up around her head, and tucking away any loose strands of dark brown hair that had broken free of her braid, Breia forced her way still further into the darkness of the forest; bits of snow and ice blowing at her face and threatening to cut at her skin. Through experience, she knew that the deeper she went into the forest—the further she traveled—she would meet with the same fate that she had in all her other ventures here. But even that paralyzing knowledge did not stop her from propelling her feet forward anyway; her heart leaping up to lodge somewhere within her chest as she stepped to the edge of a now-familiar outcropping that led a gentle slope down to still more wooded land below, and caught a glimpse of the one she had known would be there all along. Unable to stop it, a low intake of breath escaped Breia in that moment; all of her efforts at keeping silent and remaining unnoticed rendered moot as the figure cloaked all in black turned and glanced up at her where she stood outlined in the pale light of the moon. Like he had all of those times before, the man that had once been her brother propelled the iron-clad and invisible tendrils of his power towards her; the impact they made with her hastily constructed shield jarring her and nearly causing her to fall to her knees. He was strong. So very strong; outranking her in nearly every aspect of their former training. But she had her own strengths as well—strengths that this Kylo Ren knew nothing about. And although each time she reached this point in her dream, it physically pained her to do anything that may harm him, Breia forced herself to push back against her brother's mental probing; sweat breaking out on her brow as she pushed back against a seemingly insurmountable force. But, like always, she could only hold out for so long against him… "You know you can't do this, Breia" Ren ground out; her name leaving his lips with none of its former familiarity and affection "I have already seen that you won't hurt me. You can't." The hurt brought on by his words allowed Breia to channel enough of her own connection with the force so that she might push back at her brother still further; a faint, if not reluctant grin toying with the corners of her mouth as the sudden impact of her blow caused him to stagger backwards a few steps. In that moment, the young woman thought she could discern just the faintest glimmer of recognition in her brother's eyes—recognition of the sister who had trained with him—of the family he had once known. But as soon as that small speck of hope had been kindled, it was snuffed out once again; once warm brown eyes going flat as Ren straightened from his hunched position and watched as she descended the hill and came towards him. In seconds, Ren was using Breia's descent to his advantage; one hand lashing out before him with fingers outstretched, and causing the entire section of ground Breia stood upon to crumble beneath her feet. A low shriek indicated her slipping and losing her footing; the familiar tactic that she still never seemed quite prepared for jarring the saber from her belt as she felt her feet slipping out from under her and causing her to tumble in a heap at her brother's feet. Instinct took over then, as she shot up from her position on the forest floor and reached out to bring her weapon back to her. But before she had even begun to summon the full extent of the power she would need to do just that, a crushing power had coiled itself around her neck; the invisible force tightening like an iron vice as she Breia found herself lifted until her feet dangled above the ground, and her back collided with a nearby tree. "You will die, Breia" Ren hissed at her then; the way his fingers twitched from just inches away from her throat as he held her immobile causing a bolt of terror to flood through her even as she clawed at her throat and attempted to redirect her thoughts towards the futile attempt at throwing him off. As she began to realize, while stars began to pop into the outer range of her vision, that she never really stood a chance against him to begin with. "You will die; and everyone that you wish to save will see how you failed them." … Bolting upright and using one hand to clutch the covers to her chest, Breia tried and failed to calm her ragged breathing as the cold sweat that was clinging to her brought a chill coursing through her veins. It was just a dream. She knew that; in her mind. But that had apparently not been enough to stop the scream that had torn itself from her lips as she reentered the waking world; her eyes closing in silent resignation as the once motionless figure beside her stirred, and a warm hand came to run across the bare skin of her back. "You okay?" Not trusting herself to speak, Breia settled instead upon a singular nod; her lungs still dragging in breaths in uneven gusts as though she had just been nearly drowned. She knew, in part, that her haphazard attempt at bypassing the truth would never have worked; even in spite of her desire for it to do just that. And thus, it did not surprise her when she felt the mattress shifting ever so slightly in response to the man beside her moving to sit and lean forward to press his lips gently against her shoulder; the gesture almost—almost—calming her as she twisted around until she faced him directly, and did as best she could to focus on the sensation of his fingers twining with hers while he spoke. She was immeasurably saddened by how even his presence could not help her to sleep any longer… "It was the same dream again, wasn't it?" "You're pretty perceptive, for a pilot." "Or you're just that easy to read." Snorting in exasperation at the man's ever-present wit, and noting that once again, he had succeeded in bringing the faintest of smiles to her lips, Breia brought up a hand to swat at Poe's abdomen; only to find herself emitting a low huff of surprise as he dodged the act and used the arm that had suddenly appeared around her waist to tug her down beneath him. It was comforting, in a way, being caged in between his lithe frame and the firm pressure of the mattress at her back—almost comforting enough to distract her from what was likely the cause of her revisiting the dream to begin with. But still, her current position was not enough to completely force her worries from her mind; the hand that was not curled around Poe's bicep moving up to brush an errant strand of dark hair from his eyes. "I still don't think you should be going alone-" She began; noting the resigned sigh that huffed out from Poe's lips even as she felt him sag slightly from his position above her as he cut her off. "Technically, I'm not going alone." "Technically, you are" Breia argued; shifting slightly, and biting her lower lip in an effort to keep the anxiousness she felt from showing in her voice "I don't think a droid counts as back-up." "Don't tell that to BB-8." Frowning, Breia remained silent in that moment; the stinging sensation in her eyes causing her to turn her head to the side, and internally cursing her moment of weakness. Of frailty. She knew, of course, that this man was the best pilot the Resistance had at its disposal. She knew that without a doubt. But even such a surety could not stop the singular tear from etching its way down her cheek anyway; the combination of her recurring dream, and her fears for the man before her pushing past all of her desire to hide them away. She was weak. Perhaps she always had been weak. In seconds, Breia felt the warmth of Poe's hand coming to rest upon her cheek, the pad of his thumb brushing away the errant tear even as he turned her back to face him; his eyes holding more conviction than she could ever have felt on her own as he held her gaze with his own. "Hey, now, none of that. I'm coming back. I always come back." Swallowing, Breia simply settled for leaning up to press her lips against Poe's; the urgency of the kiss belying her heartache and concern. Bit by bit, she had lost pieces of her family—pieces of herself in the onslaught of the First Order. And the very real fear that this man may be yet another casualty was nearly enough to paralyze her then and there; if not for the calm reassurance in his tone as he broke away from her lips and shifted her leg to rest around his hips while he breathed against her neck: "I will not leave you, Breia." She only wished she could believe him… … Chapter 20 Running a hand through dark hair, Breia shook herself from the unbidden laps in focus that had so suddenly come to mind; her focus slowly—ever so slowly returning to the present as she took in the sight around her. They had all gathered around the hologram of the planet Jakku; each of them splitting their attentions between its glimmering picture, and their individual conversations with one another. Her mother had gathered them all to discuss the next steps of their act against the First Order. But in spite of how she knew she ought to be listening—how she knew she ought to be contributing to those plans herself, the young woman found herself inexorably preoccupied by a singular thought. Kylo Ren had taken a prisoner on Jakku. It had been what she had always feared—someone she loved being taken by the man she had once called brother. She could only begin to grasp what might happen to such a person—what her brother might do, in order to gain hold of the information he desired. And although Breia was fervently thankful that the person Kylo Ren now held was not her mother or father, her fear still harried her. It nagged her every breath; as a constant blade to her side, that threatened to pierce her skin at the slightest misstep. And against all of her former promises that she had made to herself in the days following her brother's disappearance—against all of her better judgment—Breia dipped her head into her hands in an effort to mask her actions in that moment; her eyes closing as she slowly submerged herself as unobtrusively as she could into the Force. It welcomed her, then, as one might an old friend; the power and intricacies enveloping her in their hold as she slowly—carefully—stretched across the vast emptiness and sought the faint spark that would indicate Poe was, in fact, alive. In the early days of their relationship, she had been almost put off by the blinding brightness of his presence when she was immersed in the Force, as she was now. But as they had become more frequent companions—as they had grown closer, the young woman had grown to take comfort in such a blatant outpouring of hope. A comfort that she desired now more than ever as she searched the never-ending expanse of space for indication that her world had not been torn apart at its center. The first object of her attentions was the planet of Jakku itself; its desert terrain radiating a burning heat, even in the black of night. It warmed her, although she was rather outside of her own physical being in that moment; the varying temperatures of the terrain giving her all the evidence she needed to discern where the initial confrontation that had resulted in Poe's capture had occurred. The sands were warm here, not only from the sunlight of the day preceding, but from the weight of heavy foot-traffic. The weight of a struggle. She could see the shadows that littered the ground; remnants and casualties of the First Order's victory. And then she felt it. The presence of a dark aura that almost—almost—knocked her out of her meditation and back to the present; but for her firm resolve to remain where she was until she found what she had come for. Determined, Breia pushed beyond her brother's ever darkening light; instead refocusing her energy on seeking out the true object of her presence here. Everywhere, there were hints of it—faint flickers of a light that she had grown to love—and she followed those flickers with an unyielding tenacity, then; a sheen of sweat breaking out upon her brow as she realized that they were departing Jakku entirely. Poe had been taken off-planet… Fighting against the fear and anxiousness that threatened to overwhelm her in that moment, Breia instead did as best she could to push through the feelings that would only distract her from the task at hand; redoubling her efforts at tracking the small particles of evidence that the man she loved had in fact been here as they slowly lifted above the sand and into the blank sky above. Breia followed those small lights as they lifted ever higher into the starlit sky; her heartbeat accelerating as she sensed the presence of a command shuttle just ahead. The small lights had led her there—she could even sense their presence aboard the shuttle itself; though those lights were small, and almost impossible to detect. For the first time since she had learned of Poe's capture, the young woman felt almost hopeful as she followed the small, and rapidly fading lights until her mental probing had materialized aboard the shuttle herself— He was here. She could feel it. Steeled by such a thought, Breia pushed herself outward still further; drifting along the darkened corridors, and ever aware of the presence of others around her. She could feel them—she could sense their intentions and ideations even though she knew not a one of them. And she soon found herself very near to incredulous at her own neglectfulness; her mind almost immediately reaching out to brush against the nearest Stormtrooper. She could read their thoughts. Why had she not thought of that sooner? Slowly, the young woman entered the man's mind; gently casting aside all of the useless facts that swam towards her in favor of discerning whether or not he would know of their prisoner's whereabouts. It was easy—almost too easy, sifting through the various inklings of the man's mind, until she found the information she sought. The prisoner had been taken to a secure room just inside the nearest corridor. Kylo Ren was with him now… Swallowing, Breia struggled to push aside the almost paralyzing sensation of constriction in her chest as her fears mounted and washed upon her in waves; a moment's pause existing where she remained rooted to the spot as she debated what to do next. If she persevered, it was almost certain that her brother would sense her presence. With power so advanced, he could follow her even if she retreated from the Force; using her as a means to discover the next steps for the plans of the Resistance. But if she sat by—if she left, now, when everything within her screamed at her to stay— She would hate herself forever. Teeth clenched, the young woman forced aside anything that remotely resembled fear; her intent focus on the matter at hand stunning her even as it empowered her. Gradually, she once again focused on the intricate tendrils surrounding her that constituted the Force; permitting herself one last moment's hesitation before she slipped inside the mind of the man she loved beyond all reason. She could feel his resolve. His determination, even in the face of the very real pain that tore through every fiber of his being in response to the fervent probing of his adversary. There was a fire, there—a fire that prompted him to remain silent even in spite of how the dark figure before him relentlessly invaded his mind in search of the map to Luke Skywalker. But it did not take much to discern that that fire was rapidly waning; the intensity of Kylo Ren's presence stunning even Breia as she tried to replace the pain Poe must surely have been feeling with something else entirely. It was in that moment that her presence was discovered… To discern what emotion she met from her brother upon discovering evidence of her presence was impossible, in that moment; the shock—the awe—the very real fury at such a thing hitting her at once in a tidal wave of confusion so powerful she was almost knocked back to her present, back on D'Qar; until a distorted voice that was distinctly male reached her, and rooted her to the spot. "Breia…" Kylo Ren's words were laced with something that the young woman could not even begin to comprehend in that moment; the edge to them freezing her blood within her veins even as she sought to hastily block her own mind from his probing. She knew he would try to use this distant connection to his advantage. She knew that perhaps she might have inadvertently given Poe a millisecond of time before her brother's assault on him began anew. But this knowledge still did not fail to dissuade her nerves from igniting anyway; the barrier that she threw down against Kylo Ren only just managing to slam into place as he forced his own power towards her. Gradually—painstakingly—Breia pushed against the seemingly unstoppable weight of her brother's attack, until the faint glow of the shield that protected her slowly moved outward to engulf not only her mind, but Poe's as well. She could sense the shock the other man felt at the unexpected invasion of yet another presence—she could feel how he was half-tempted to fight against the presence that sought to help him as well. But almost instantaneous with that desire to fight came a relieved relaxation; the sensation giving Breia strength enough to redouble her efforts at forcing her brother's advances backwards— Until she realized he had already learned too much. Against the strength of the shield she had erected came memories; fleeting but potent in their devastation. Although Kylo Ren had not yet succeeded in obtaining the location of the map to their uncle, he had found other things. Things that he might use against both Poe and Breia— Things he was using against his sister even now, in an effort to break her resolve and once again regain his window of opportunity. Far too quickly for her to stop it, images came unbidden to her mind, of the first time she had permitted herself to feel something for Poe—of the first time she had considered him as anything other than a fellow member of the Resistance. Her brother had found each and every one of the moments they had shared; with or without the presence of others—and the realization of the implications behind just such a discovery were enough to render a small chink in the armor she had so carefully constructed against him; her heart freezing within her chest as she felt Kylo Ren using that chink to shatter the entire shield… As she felt the brunt of his attack colliding with her with enough force to propel her away from the path she had followed until she was once again seated with eyes closed around the hologram; her name ringing urgently from her mother's lips… … "Breia!" General Organa repeated; not failing to notice the haunted appearance of her daughter's eyes even as the young woman flicked her gaze to meet her own "Do you agree?" Always, her mother's voice reminded her of the scolding tones she used to hear as a small child… "Agree-" "Admiral Statura believes we need to act-" "I agree" Breia interjected; relieved that even in her own mental absence, the others seemed to have come to the same conclusion she had— They had to get Poe back… "Then you will have no difficulties finding the droid?" Blinking, Breia looked first to her mother, and then to the Admiral; her heart falling as she took a breath before speaking. "Droid-" "We must see to BB-8's secure return" Admiral Statura supplied then; folding his hands across his chest and watching Breia carefully as he finished "We cannot afford the map falling into the hands of the First Order." "And what about Poe?" "Commander Dameron is more than capable of handling the situation" The Admiral countered; his expression brooking no argument even as Breia made to stand and cut him off once more. "He can't handle Kylo Ren" She hissed; turning to face her mother and noting the resultant shock upon the older woman's features at mention of her son as she pressed "I felt him. I felt what he wanted to do—what he planned to do with Poe, if he doesn't give up the map..." A moment's pause existed, then, where the General considered her daughter's plea—where Breia felt that there might be a slight chance that her silent prayer would be answered. But almost as quickly as such a hope had kindled, it was doused once again; the carefully constructed mask that now covered her mother's features paining her as nothing else could. "And that makes finding the droid that much more important. Poe knew what he was getting himself into. He knew we would not be able to help him if he ran into trouble" General Organa returned; anything she may have felt at the expression upon her daughter's visage completely unreadable in her expression as she pressed on. "Breia, I know you can do this. You have to." Her duty all but demanded it… …(Poe's POV) He could remember the day he had first seen her. She had been exhausted. Drained. For a time, she had even been presumed dead—and it showed. The girl appeared to have been to hell and back; her hair in disarray—her clothes travel-worn—her eyes deadened and numb. There had been just the faintest hints of blood seeping through a space of her clothing just above her left hip. She had been through hell; and survived. Stories had already reached them of the devastation at Skywalker's Jedi Temple—stories that had spoken of the turn of a man that should have been their hope. The murder of a generation that would have given them a strength they had only dreamed of before. It had been all too obvious that the aftermath of such an event would have been devastating. But for two people in particular, it was the most painful thing they might ever have imagined. Not long after the news had reached them, Han Solo had departed; and General Organa had done her best to keep a tight leash on her own grief. With both of her children lost to her, she had just one thing left—her work for the Resistance. But then her daughter had returned. He remembered the expression in the eyes of both mother and daughter when reunited. Relief. Uncertainty. Gratitude. Fear. He had been a direct witness to the meeting, having just arrived himself to discuss a new plan of attack for the Resistance. And although he could not help but feel out of place and intrusive in the moment that Breia had first entered the room; he had not quite been able to make himself go, either. It had been the General that had noticed his presence first; her eyes flicking to meet his while her daughter still remained, enfolded in her embrace. It had been her who had managed the faintest of smiles before speaking; her voice hushed. "You may go, Dameron." Unable to do anything other than comply, he had left them then; unsure of the proper thing to be feeling in the wake of such an event. There was hope at Breia's presence, even he knew that. But with that hope had also come a sadness that seemed impenetrable; the implication of her survival making itself known, even to him. She had lived. But what the consequences would be for that fact remained uncertain. … It was strange, feeling the presence of someone else in one's mind. Hell, sometimes it was even strange enough being a party to the thoughts that resided there on one's own. For someone who had always had a rather unique way of looking at the world, even the prospect of such an intimate invasion of secrecy and solitude seemed a bit much— Poe got the distinct impression that Kylo Ren didn't see the issue in the same light. There was nothing tentative about the man's invasion of his mind; the forceful way that he rifled through each memory bringing a sheen of sweat to Poe's brow even as he did as best he could to remain stock still in the chair the Stormtroopers had rigged him to. In spite of the very real spasms of pain that tore through him, somehow it seemed better—safer—to remain in place; with hands clenched upon the metallic arms of the chair. He could not give Kylo Ren the information he so desired. He would not. As if he could sense his defiance, the knight redoubled his efforts at gathering the location of the map that now resided with BB-8; the sudden collision of his consciousness with Poe's enough to wring a startled grunt out of him as he stiffened in the chair. The man before him was relentless. Brutal. And that brutality was very nearly enough to have him breaking, in that moment; until he felt yet another presence in his mind— Warm—gentle—cautious and reluctant. Breia. Poe could not explain how he knew the source of the unexpected faint brushes against the outer edges of his memory. He hardly dared believe it himself; nearly tempted to dismiss his certainty as nothing more than desperation for something familiar to comfort him. But almost as stubbornly as she would have done, were she seated right beside him; the presence in his mind slowly—surely—pushed out from its location at the edge of his mind, until it engulfed his memories completely. For the first time in what seemed like an endless expanse of pain; he felt free… Almost as soon as he had determined the truth of his suspicion, however, it appeared that Kylo Ren had done the same; the shock and fury he felt all too evident in his tone as he bit out his sister's name like a poison. "Breia." Seconds—milliseconds—passed, where it seemed that Kylo Ren remained fused to the spot; locked in some unimaginable internal struggle that only he could comprehend. But the sudden shift in his position, from simple bored interrogation, to a more serious stature had Poe sucking in a breath, then; the relief he had experienced at the brief respite Breia had given him now turning to concern as he realized what she had just begun. Her brother would fight against her presence. He would do whatever he could to break her mental block of the information he so desired to retrieve. And although Poe had no possible way of understanding the exact limits of the power both siblings possessed; he knew with certainty that Kylo Ren would use anything he could to hurt her. To distract her. To win. As if in response to such a thought, Poe cursed internally as images flowed back into his mind—images that he had inadvertently given over to the enemy. He knew she could see them all, as clearly as if she were reliving them herself. When they met—when he had so determinedly pursued her; and slowly brought her back to the world. When she had finally kissed him—each and every time they had reunited after whatever separation their duties had forced upon them—it was all out in the open. And it did not take much in the way of guess work to realize that each and every memory had Breia flinching; destroying her attempts at thwarting Kylo Ren bit by bit. He did not have much time… Bracing for impact as best as he could, Poe waited for the inevitable torrent of anger that would come from his adversary in response to Breia retreating; the redoubled pain he felt unbearable. The flash of Breia's own pain hit him with the force of a blaster shot before it, too, had disappeared; once again leaving him to face Kylo Ren alone— And then the man before him was on him again; his anger fueling the push of his search, and bringing a groan that was hardly even human leaving him as his resolve began to falter… … Chapter 21 The more time she spent on the planet Jakku, the more Breia was reminded of exactly why she never enjoyed the desert. Sand. Everywhere. The stuff had been etched into her pores, it seemed; the constant grating of the bits of it against her skin as wind blew it into her face—beneath her shirt—causing her to squirm impatiently as she forced her feet to continue carrying her forward. She had followed the faint etchings of BB-8's presence from the burnt out village where the droid and Poe had been separated; all the way into the seemingly endless expanse of desert surrounding it, in spite of how difficult it had been to orient herself to tracking a droid, and not a human being. And now, she stood on a vast mound of the brownish stuff that had so quickly seemed to become a part of her; a light cough escaping her as another breeze brought more sand in contact with her nose… Even the light scarf she had donned to cover her mouth and nose was as nothing compared to the stuff that made up the very epitome of her surroundings. She had to keep moving… In light of that thought, Breia pushed one foot forward through the tugging sand, and then another, and another; repeating the process as she forcibly tore her thoughts from the emptiness around her. In so many ways, the desolate expanse of desert was not so different from what she felt inside after discovering that her brother now held the man she cared for captive. Almost as though loath to prevent her from thinking of anything else, her mind once again carried her back to the imaginations that had plagued her since being sent on this mission; her breath seizing in her lungs as she was forced to come to a stop in her trek, with a hand rising instinctively to curl about her stomach. It was impossible to even dream of—living in a world where Poe didn't exist. The thought alone was enough to send her heart to racing; bile rising from her gut to rest at the back of her throat as she shut her eyes and tried to force it all away. She couldn't do this now. She couldn't. She had promised her mother she would find BB-8 before the First Order did. Using that very fact as something to cling to, Breia once again forced herself to move forward; her hand coming up to dash at the errant tears that had risen to her eyes as she began to descend the dune she stood upon. The droid was close—she could feel it, even though BB-8's presence was distinctly different from anything else she had tracked before. And that thought, more than anything else, is what propelled her forward in spite of the growing desire she felt to sit down and cry; the knowledge of her closeness to what she was seeking more of a reinforcement than anything else. She would find the droid. And after she had secured BB-8's safe return, she would find Poe. That was the only way she would survive… … (Poe's POV) It was dark in the room he had been left in; the crick in his neck stabbing into his awareness as painfully as a blaster wound would upon making contact with the skin. His lips were parched—dry, and his stomach had ceased its incessant rumbling in favor of adopting something more akin to a dull ache; the lack of food and water since his entrapment wearing at him almost as fervently as the knowledge that Kylo Ren had seen what he had tried so valiantly to hide in his mind. He knew, now, exactly what had been left in the custody of BB-8. And he had abandoned his mental interrogation on the pilot not long after discovering that very fact; the haste with which he had left the small room giving Poe only one thought as to his destination. He was going to search for the droid; to get his hands on the map. Feeling nothing but the crushing sensation of failure, Poe could only attempt to shift the position of his head somewhat in the iron-like vice of the chair that he was tethered to; the low groan that left him in response to how the metal seemed to eat away at his skin echoing in the darkness of the room around him. He had let the General down. He had let the entirety of the Resistance down with his own weakness. But even more pressing than the anguish he felt over both of those facts, was the very real fear of what had transpired when Kylo Ren had registered Breia's presence in his mind. To say that he had felt anything other than the deepest despair after coming face to face with the pain that tore through the young woman in response to her brother's relentless attack would have been a lie. Kylo Ren had known exactly what to do to get under her skin; his exploitation of her emotions perhaps not all that surprising, given their relation to one another. It was only natural that he could do that, Poe supposed; knowing that once the two siblings had shared everything together—everything from the moment of their infancy, to childhood memory, and even a unified ability to immerse themselves in the Force. And although the pilot could hardly understand the very thing that gave both Breia, and her brother their unique capabilities, he was forced to admit that such an integral facet of their personalities would have to have given them each a distinct advantage over the other… They each had sufficient ammunition to tear the other apart. That was obvious, even to someone like Poe. And Kylo Ren had used that ammunition to his advantage; repelling his sister from his prisoner's mind as easily as if she were a simple piece of cloth, fluttering in the wind. Cringing away from how he knew, without a doubt, that his own lack of ability to withhold the personal details of his involvement with Breia would be exploited again and again; both to torment him, and the woman he cared about, Poe opted instead for focusing on how he might prevent such a breach from happening again in future. He knew—knew, with everything he had, that Kylo Ren would be back. That now that he had information on the droid, he would seek other, more telling details, from his mind. Details that could be used to hurt his sister. And a desire to protect Breia soon began to take hold in his mind; the burn of it tearing through his blood as he instinctively tried to shy away from the manacles securing his wrist, the sting of the metal against his skin only fueling his motivation. He would get out of this. He would get out; or die trying. There could be no other way… … (Breia's POV) The first moment she laid eyes on the small village, she was half convinced it was a mirage. It was half-hidden in the sand, with its tan-colored buildings and encampments that were erected in such a haphazard manner as to be reminiscent of the derelict remains of a crashed ship. But after shaking herself, and forcing down a swig of the now dry water in the canteen belted at her side, the young woman took a second glance; the knowledge that her first impression had, in fact, been correct slightly encouraging even in spite of her internal dilemma. She had been so distracted by worries over Poe, that the village had come upon her almost as a surprise—something that grounded her in reality far more potently than anything she had ever experienced before; causing her to retain her hold on her attentiveness with as much tenacity as she could muster as she half-stumbled, half-walked down the small embankment, and towards the village proper. She was exhausted. But she had to press on. With such a thought in mind, Breia forged ahead; every other step or so causing an almost frustrated cry to leave her as her feet sank in the sand. If she could leave this planet, and never return, that would still be too soon—a thought that only seemed to propel her forward as a desire to find what she searched for and get off-planet became very near to overwhelming. Each step carried her closer to the village; her eyes now picking out bits and pieces of movement amongst what had before only appeared to be remnants of wreckage. She could feel it—the life that ran so vibrantly in some, and so sluggishly in others. And along with that vibrancy, the young woman could not deny the faint traces of the presence she had been so valiantly searching for… BB-8 was somewhere in the village. Determination filled her mind, in response to just such a realization; her feet carrying her forward with more determination than she had felt since her arrival on Jakku as she strove to get to the village and find the missing droid. From the looks of it, not many of the inhabitants were human; as evidenced in the myriad of strange creatures milling about, and the clacking guttural tones of the language they spoke. But in spite of that—in spite of the fact that a part of her had internally cringed at the use of the thing that seemed to be the cause behind all the trouble she had found herself in—Breia could not help but acknowledge that she had another method for finding what she wanted… She had only to get into one of the strange creatures' minds… Steeled by such knowledge, inasmuch as it also slightly repulsed her, Breia neared the edge of the village as quietly as she could; pleased to discover that none of the inhabitants scurrying about nearby seemed to notice her presence at all. Secure in her obscurity, in that moment, the young woman ducked behind a nearby tent and shut her eyes; her mind already seeking gently against the creatures around her to find one that might give her the information she needed. Most of the thoughts she found were curiously devoid of anything save for the thirst for trade. A deal. A steal. But then she found herself curiously distracted by a familiar line of thinking to her own; the impact of the stranger's thoughts very nearly sending her careening out of her search and back to her own person. Find the droid. Why on earth did I listen to him and come back to this wasteland? Curious… Holding onto the thought she had just unearthed as though it were a lifeline, Breia forced her eyes open so that she might have a prayer of walking towards its source; her footfalls far surer than they had been in a while as she followed the tendril of thought through the throngs in the passageways between tents and buildings. It was a panicked thing, fluttering around its owners mind like a trapped bird in an iron cage. And Breia found herself almost feeling something akin to pity for whoever it was that had come up with the thought; their own dislike of the planet very nearly identical to her own. But she was getting distracted. If this individual knew of the droid, she should be focusing on finding them; and not empathizing with them. With that in mind, Breia forced her attention back to the line of thought she had been so doggedly following; the renewed repetition of the need to find the droid pushing her forward in her path with more haste. Everything was mingling in and around itself now in the stranger's mind—the need to find BB-8—to get the hell off this planet—the need to make sure the First Order didn't discover their presence here—and that last was what had Breia breaking into a run as she rounded just one of many twists and turns in the village's passageways; her feet pounding little puffs of sand up around them as she moved. In seconds, she caught sight of a single human in the vast sea of other alien creatures mingling about in what might pass as a central marketplace; his apparent lack of ease with his surroundings giving her all that she needed to identify him as the owner of the thought she had been tracking. He looked travel-worn; his facial features covered in a fine sheen of sweat as though he had been running for quite some time. And about the same time that Breia realized his eyes had locked onto something that she, as yet could not see—as she watched, motionless, while an expression of true horror took over his features—she also realized that the jacket he wore was eerily familiar; the back of it belling out behind him as he turned tail and bolted in the opposite direction. He wore Poe's jacket. Without a second thought, Breia bolted off after the stranger, then; her mind going devoid of all else save for catching up with him. He had Poe's jacket. That meant that, at some point, he had been in contact with Poe himself. And whether that fact made him enemy, or simply someone to question, did not matter to Breia as she continued forcing herself after the stranger; her determination fueling her as nothing else could as the distance between the two of them began to close— As she pushed herself to move just a fraction of an inch faster; her approach soundless as she made to tackle the stranger to the ground before he might round the corner and disappear from view… …