There were seven. A group of children barely out of their utopian fantasies, coaxed from their mothers to join a league long since forgotten, wiped from memory and from the history books by a dark man. None of you knew of this man yet, but eventually, you would. Some of you would recognise him as an evil sith long since forgotten in time, while one, perhaps, would go further-- seeing this lost power of the dark side as something much greater. You didn’t remember your parents too well. Yes, you could see their faces in your memories, but you did not remember them . Your mother was like a ghost in your mind, fading rapidly with each passing day, while your father remained a constant glow. You could not forget your father. Windom Starkiller was his name, but he was more commonly known as Windy, especially by Luke Skywalker, his best friend. You couldn’t remember why, exactly, but a while after your mother passed, your father got himself into some deadly trouble. He hadn’t wanted you to get caught in the crossfire, so Windy had left you with Luke, explaining that one day, he’d return for you. He hadn’t ever come back to get you. When Luke decided to recreate the Jedi Order, you were the first official padawan before he started recruiting. Eventually, six other children arrived in a starship, ready to join you on Almar, an almost empty forested planet on the outer rim, to become Jedi. “Hello,” You said, your usual shrill soprano of a voice taken down in volume as you approached a boy who seemed rather shrunk in himself. “I’m _____ Starkiller.” The other child seemed honestly sure that you’d been speaking to somebody behind him, turning over his shoulder to look, only to see the space empty. He looked back to you, eyes wide, medium dark hair covering half of his face. “Hello.” He replied, his voice almost silent, so much so that you had to lean in to hear him. When you realised he wasn’t going to just give out his name, you pressed, taking a small child-sized step toward him. “What’s your name?” “Ben…” You giggled, “Luke has a nephew named Ben, you know.” The other boy smirked slightly, still cowering into himself, though, as if you were some enemy trying to harm him. “That would actually be me.” He didn’t seem too excited. “Really? You’re Luke Skywalker’s nephew?” “Oh, that’s nothing. I’m Darth Vader’s grandson too.” He added, gaining more confidence in his speech and body. “Who’s Darth Vader ?” You asked, eyebrows furrowed as you made sure you said the name correctly. Ben was about to continue speaking, but your mind had already wandered elsewhere, piecing together information you found more interesting than this ‘Darth Vader’. “Okay, wait,” You huffed. “If you’re Luke’s nephew… that would make Anakin Skywalker your grandfather?” Your little eyes widened at the realisation. Luke had told you countless stories about Anakin. He was your hero. Ben’s expression fell for a moment, as if he was disappointed that you hadn’t let him finish talking about that one guy whose name you’d forgotten already, but when you mentioned Anakin, his face lit up once more. “Yeah, that’s my grandpa!” “Oh my God, that is so awesome!” You squealed surprisingly loud for your seven year old body. “Anakin was one of the greatest Jedis ever! He rescued an important guy from the Dark side and, and, he was in the Clone Wars, and, and h-he was the youngest person to ever be on the Jedi Council!” You had begun to ramble, letting the words spill out of your mouth, some of which stumbled over your tongue as you spoke. You were breathless by the end. “And you’re his grandson . Did you ever meet him?” Your eyes were so full of hope. Ben shook his head. “No… He died before I was even born.” His face fell once again. The boy had always been disappointed that he’d never met the great Anakin Skywalker. “I-I’m sorry.” A pang of guilt washed over you, like you’d broken something fragile and you didn’t know how to fix it. When Ben didn’t respond, your short attention span got the better of you, and you leapt right back into conversation. “So, you know all about the Force, right?” Ben Solo hadn’t been the only friend you’d made among the other children in the first few years. There was a girl you’d grown quite fond of named Tethe’Alla. She was from D’Qar in the Ileenium system, and she was even more quiet than Ben! Though, you had to admit, Ben had opened up to you rather quickly, and he was not at all quiet with you. You and the other children and gotten to calling her Teth for short, and eventually, it even stuck with Master Luke. It had been difficult for you to add that ‘Master’ in front of his name after being raised by him for so many years, but you’d gotten the hang of it. Apparently, Ben had never met Luke before the Jedi program because he lived so far away and never had the chance to visit. Nonetheless, the pair of you were both extremely close to the Jedi. “Luke, I think you should separate the two of them.” Master Rolk, another Jedi master Luke had discovered hiding out in a system nearby and convinced to join his cause, said. “They’re getting too close to one another.” “Are you suggesting their friendship would have a negative effect on them?” Luke responded, watching you and Ben play with sticks in the courtyard not far away. It’d been four years since he’d started training the pair of you. You’d been eleven for a couple of months, and Ben’s twelfth birthday was in a few weeks. “Possibly.” Luke tilted his head to the side, his eyes never leaving you as he contemplated the words he was about to say. “I would have to disagree. I think this particular friendship will be one of the best things that will ever happen to either of them.” “Have you seen something, Luke?” Rolk pressed, wondering if the other master had predicted something of the future. “No, it’s just a feeling.” You were sleeping. Yes, indeed, you had been sleeping. But, now, something--someone--was prodding at your arm. Groaning, you attempted weakly to swat them away, but the poking did not cease. “Hey,” The voice was deep and low, barely above a whisper. “_____, wake up.” “Ben, I am sleeping.” You heard him chuckle, and a flutter of what could only be described as butterflies began in your chest. “I have a surprise for you.” “Why would you have a surprise for me?” You grumbled, rolling over in your bed to face his direction while keeping your eyes shut. “Because it’s a special d--” He began, and that’s when it hit you. “It’s my birthday!” You screeched, all remnants of sleep wiped from your mind as you leapt from your bed. You almost slid when you got your feet on the slick wood floor due to your habit of wearing fuzzy socks to bed, but Ben was there to catch you. You were both grinning like fools. “Yeah, you’re finally seventeen, shortie.” Ben snickered, leading you down the hall to the living room of your apartment. “I am not short.” You huffed, stalking after him before plopping down on the couch that was against the far wall. “What’s this surprise?” You hummed, watching him. He was nervous, to say the least. What if you didn’t like the gift? What if he’d spent all that time making it only for you to find it not to your preference? Ben shifted around to face you, and eventually made his way over. He was awkward with his movements, taking a strangely long time to seat himself on the cushion beside you. He didn’t even bother saying a word before revealing a small box covered in black velvet. You eyed it carefully, watching with interest as he opened it to reveal a beautiful necklace. The band itself was a small chain of silver, and its centerpiece was an expertly cut Poudretteite, your favourite gemstone. “Oh my God, Ben.” Your hands went to cover your mouth, and you found yourself speechless for a few heartbeats. The young man beside you shuffled, unsure if you were happy or unhappy. He hated the feeling that crawled up his spine. That cool shiver that felt like it didn’t belong, like something was telling him to forget it all and leave. He wanted to dismiss the feeling for good, but for now, putting it into the back corners of his mind would have to suffice. It wasn’t until your arms flew around him in a tight embrace that he let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. “I love it.” You breathed into his shirt before pulling away. “Can you help me put it on?” Ben nodded, motioning for you to turn away from him. You did as you were bid and shivered softly when he draped the chilly metal on your skin and clicked the necklace on at the nape of your neck. You turned back around, searching his eyes for a reaction. “You’re beautiful.” He mumbled, all previous thoughts having left his thoughts completely. Your eyes grew wide and you looked to your lap. A shallow blush somehow made its way to your cheeks as well as to Ben’s. “Ben…” You hummed, an idea forming in your mind as you bit your bottom lip gently. “Yes?” “Let’s have dinner tonight… Like a date or something?” You shrugged the idea out, trying to convince not only him that if he rejected, you wouldn’t be upset. “A date?” He took in a sharp breath, there was that thought again. That fear of commitment. Was he ready for this? A date was a big thing. For him, at least. It took everything he had to shove the incredulous bickering in his head away. “I mean, if you don’t want to, that’s fine.” You quickly sputtered out. You stood up, trying to escape the uncomfortable feeling that crawled like an insect up your spine. Ben followed. “No, I mean, I do. I will,” He hated himself for this. You’d probably think he wasn’t going to come back. “But Luke wanted to see me today. I’ll be here at eight, okay?” The room was dimly lit, like a sweetly cool evening sky, fanned by the last words of the sun. It smelt of sweet cinnamon, a smell with which Ben now immediately associated with you. He could always smell the enticing spice in the air when you passed by or when he held you in his embrace. It was like a drug, a pure breath of nicotine to his easily addicted mind. The meal, or snack, of various fruits started off in an awkward adolescent silence. Your thoughts zipped back to the conversation you had with Ben earlier that day, and how you’d made a complete fool of yourself. You were surprised that he even came tonight, to your “date”. You picked up your fork and knife, the cold metal sending a chill up your arm, and went to cut into the delectable looking pear that sat idly on the plate before you. You were shocked, though, to say the least, when the fruit wiggled and slowly floated off of your platter and made its way to hover in front of Ben. His hand was up in front him, long fingers twinkling about softly, and a knowing smirk played across his lips. His smile was contagious, and it wasn’t long before you had a grin on your face as well. You watched as he used to force to place the pear on his own plate before cutting a small chunk out of it. You thought he was going to eat it, but instead, it hovered right back over the table to you where you expertly caught it on the end of your fork. Your gaze never left Ben’s as you took a bite, a small giggle escaping your lips at the taste. It was amazing; probably one of the best you’d ever eaten, and you couldn’t help but imagine that it was because Ben had been the one to give it to you. “When did you learn to do that?” You mumbled through your grin and between bites. “Luke hasn’t showed us how to use the force yet.” And there was that smirk again. But this time, there was something off about it. Something darker. “I taught myself.” You attempted to lighten the atmosphere that had just fallen twenty shades into black. “Maybe you could teach me sometime.” “Perhaps.” Was all he said for a moment. “Would you like some mango next?” He added in, and you couldn’t even fit in your answer before a slice of the juicy fruit was making it’s way through the air toward you and a light giggle found its way to your lips. You couldn’t help yourself around Ben, and the rest of the night was filled with laughter and jokes. You tried to deny it the next morning, but you knew that you hadn’t been able to keep your eyes off of that wavy chocolate hair and those gorgeous coffee eyes. A few days later was a Wednesday, and this particular Wednesday was an extremely exhausting one. You had woken up far too early, unable to coax yourself back to sleep, and you’d stumbled your way to lessons a few hours later. The bright sun only made the newborn headache in your mind grow that much faster. Luke had been the first to notice, waving you down before you even reached your fellow padawans. You were surprised he hadn’t confronted you earlier, the pair of you did in fact live next door to one another in the apartment townhouses. “_____, you are restless.” Luke said, his voice soft and nurturing. “Just woke up on the wrong side of the bed, I guess.” You replied, rubbing your hand against the back of your neck in a feeble attempt to ease the stress that had been building there. “I may let you out early for our afternoon’s break if--” He started, a fatherly tone drifting in his voice, but you held up a hand to cut him off. “No, I’m staying. The sith and the empire never gave the old Jedi any breaks. I don’t want to be trained to expect them.” You smiled. He’d always tried to parent you since his old friend, Windy, had left you in his care before his death. His face brightened, and he pat your arm firmly. “Be ready to back up those words, then, because now I won’t make it easy.” You laughed, “I’m ready.” And the pair of you started off toward the group. You slipped in among the others and made your way to stand beside Ben, who smiled at you in greeting. You bumped his arm with your shoulder in response before Luke spoke up to start the day. “I hope you all are ready for some conditioning.” You, it had seemed, were not. After only twenty minutes of circuit training, you were soaked with sweat and your breath was laboured. Luke had all thirteen of you, as the group had grown since that first day, dropping to the floor to perform multiple sets of push ups before using the branches above your heads to perform multiple sets of pull ups. Next had been the running, and oh man, had that just been a blast. Luke just had a thing about running, having continuously commanded four miles in an hour in the past, now asking for it in forty-five minutes. You decided to train next to Ben, both of you taking your minds off of the work itself by focusing on doing better than the other. Let’s just say he had the strength of arms, and you had the strength of legs. “Conditioning” had taken up the morning, and by the time Luke dismissed you all to nap and eat until the next session started late in the afternoon, it was a miracle that any of the group was able to get up and walk away. You, however, stayed laying on your back in the soft grass. “Hey, _____!” You heard Ben’s voice and his footsteps coming closer, and you closed your eyes, trying to look asleep. He laughed when he finally reached you. “Oh my, what ever will I do? My best friend is dying in the grass! What ever will I tell Master Luke?” “You can tell him that I’m dying here and won’t be able to make it to the next lesson.” You muttered, a smile growing on your lips while your eyes remained closed. “Oh, c’mon, don’t be a baby.” He cooed, bending down and pulling you over his shoulder. You squealed in shock, and fought fruitlessly against his much stronger frame while he carried you away to the townhouses that you and the other students called home. It wasn’t a far walk, and you’d eventually gone limp in his grasp, slightly allowing yourself to enjoy not having to walk and the fact that from where you were slung over his shoulder, you could see every rippling muscle under the skin of his back as he moved. That day was the mid-year assessment. Everyone was nervous and on their toes. The day would consist of mental and physical tests that were designed to push you to the limit. You’d woken up at eight in the morning, given that you’d fallen asleep at midnight due to nerves, to give yourself a good amount of rest. Determined to do your absolute best in your exams, you ate the breakfast you usually neglected and made your way to the courtyard early. Apparently, you weren’t the only one. Tethe’Alla was on the paved path that surrounded the perimeter of the lightly wooded area, and you ran up to join her when you caught sight of her. Her bright red hair was slicked back to the top of her head where a perfect circle bun formed, and she wore her usual tight gray clothes along with a paler scarf that draped around her neck. She smiled softly at your arrival, as if she was too focused on something else to truly acknowledge your presence. “Hey, you alright?” You asked, nudging her with your shoulder as you walked. She looked back to the ground and hummed. “No.” Teth finally said, not looking back to you. She had never done too well with the ways of the Jedi. In class, she was always defeated when paired to spar, and she could never hold a strong resolve. You feared, as well, that Luke would not pass her with the majority of the class, but you didn’t let it show on your face. “You’ll do great.” You lied, but you knew the words would encourage her to focus on doing her best rather than the possibility of failure. “Thanks.” She said, a little more confidence in her voice. You would miss sharing sessions with her. “_____, Teth!” You heard the familiar ring of Ben’s voice, and stopped in your tracks to look back at him. Your breath caught in your throat at the sight of him. His hair was curlier than usual, and a little messier around the edges. He was also wearing a tight black long-sleeve shirt, dark gray pants, and black combat boots with the laces tied in such a chaotic manner that it made you wonder if he’d be able to get them off. “Hey.” You said, looking away for only a moment as to hide your blush as he approached you and your friend. “Are you ready?” “As I’ll ever be--” “Good morning, padawans.” The three of you turned in surprise to see Luke, and immediately bowed in greeting. “Good morning.” You all managed to say in unison. “Come, it’s time for the assessments to begin.” Well, that’d been quick. You were biting your lips by the time Luke led you to the main group. The original seven had grown into a whopping twenty-six, and the courtyard’s main clearing was bustling. Master Skywalker had also managed to uncover a total of three other Jedis among the systems of the galaxy to assist him in restoring the Order, and they were also there, waiting for your arrival. The other students were loud, excited and scared to begin their testing. No one knew how this would go because they were all the first. “Silence, all. Silence.” Master Sitra called, effectively quieting everyone in the clearing. “Master Skywalker, Rolk, Proko, and I will be conducting your assessments. The first test will be three rounds of sparring matches with your classmates. Master Rolk, will you call out the first pairs?” You waited quietly for your name to be called. These pairings, you knew, were decided with great care by the Jedi masters to ensure that they got the information they needed. Would they put you up against someone with experience, thinking you were strong enough to take them? Or would they put you with someone who was weak, thinking that’s all you could handle? You scowled. Luke would never let that happen. He knew what you were capable of. Ben was also experiencing this inner turmoil. He had worked so hard, day and night, to impress Master Luke. He was family, and that made it more imperative to make a statement. But what if they paired him with you? Could he really put aside his feelings for you to come out victorious-- and why was he acknowledging now of all times that he really did have romantic feelings for you? “Ben and Zenairo.” Your head shot up and you looked to Ben, searching his face for emotion. Every single person in the Jedi program knew him and Zenairo didn’t get along, and that they were both some of the strongest padawans. “Ben, you’ll do fine--” You started, trying to soothe him before your name was called and he was ushered away. “_____ and Tethe’Alla.” Shit. They were making the tests extremely difficult, apparently. Thank God it had been Luke to grade this part of your exam. He had guided you and Teth to a more secluded alley in between the lesson buildings, like Master Proko had done for Ben and Zenairo. The sun was growing weakly in the sky, not yet high enough to shine over the walls, throwing bright shadows across the white brick walls. “Now, young padawans, here are your sabers.” Luke said with authority, handing each of you a long shaft of wood. You weren't able to stop yourself from looking up to Tethe’Alla, who was already sweating from her anxiety. You were one of the best in your class, and she was one of the worst. What was the point in making you spar against her for an assessment? “Your every move will be graded, so do your best. You may use your sabers, and that is all. I know some of you,” Your eyes met with Luke’s. “have stronger sensitivity to the force, but you may not call for its aide.” You nodded, glancing back to Teth while Luke fiddled with the holographic papers on his pad, mouthing to her. “ I’m sorry. ” She nodded her head and motioned back. “ Do your best, _____. I mean it. ” You bit your bottom lip, your chest swelling with pride for your friend. She may not have been strong of body, but she was strong of heart. She wanted you to succeed, even if it meant she may not do well. “Begin.” Luke said, stepping back to give you room. You started pacing, taking uneasy steps to the right as Tethe’Alla did the same. The pair of you circled around one another like an elk holding its ground against a wolf. If only Teth was as sturdy as an elk. You lunged, feigning to her right before swinging to the left, slamming your leg behind Teth’s to brace her before pushing her to the ground with a strong arm. She landed softly, thanks to your guidance, but the battle was already over; your false saber positioned perfectly at where her clavicle met her sternum. You furrowed your eyebrows and rose from her quickly, holding out a hand to help her up. It had all ended so quickly. You’d decided your best friend’s fate as a Jedi in nearly thirty seconds. You felt sick, almost cruel. When she was standing, Luke approached. “You did well, _____.” He started, giving you a warm smile that was full of pride. He’d been the one to teach you that trick. “Tethe’Alla, you need some improvement, but you boldly held your ground. I wish both of you good luck with the rest of your examinations. You may go into the courtyard and wait for further instruction.” Teth smiled at you, realising you weren’t going to follow her, and left. “May I go see Ben?” You asked Luke, a hopeful expression on your face. Worrying about your friend wouldn't help you through the rest of the day, and you knew how Ben could get around someone like Zenairo. You’d seen many of his tantrums throughout the years, and they only seemed to be getting worse. Master Skywalker was quiet for many moments, eyeing you, his mind in a turbulent wave of decisions that were unseen to you. “Come with me.” He said finally, quickly walking from the veranda you'd fought in and toward another alley not too far away. You could hear grunts and crashes of wood against wood before you even crossed the threshold into the other corridor. Following Luke swiftly under the arched entryway, your eyes widened at the heat of the battle before you. Ben and Zenairo were swinging with full force, each of them taking turns at driving the other to a wall before being overpowered for a split second so the other could gain their footing. Ben’s thick hair was matted to his forehead with sweat, and his features were twisted with concentration and disdain. His eyes were dark, so intangibly dark that you took a step back, almost frightened. Something had taken him over, and it was not something good. It was like a ghost had possessed him from afar, whispering guidance in his ear as he fought. You could tell that you were not the only one to see it, as Luke took to stand beside Master Proko and mumbled something into his ear. It was in that moment that Zenairo managed to deceive Ben in his movements, and his false saber swung upward towards toward his opponent’s face. You heard a sickening crack and your friend’s shocked cry of pain as he stumbled backwards blindly, a hand caressing his now broken and bleeding nose. Zenairo didn't waste a second, using his feet to take Ben to the ground with savage force, and pressing his wooden sword firmly to the other man’s chest. The battle was over. “Congratulations, both of you.” Master Proko announced, walking toward them while being followed closely by Skywalker. Zenairo was grinning from ear to ear, and didn't even bother helping Ben, you stumbled to get to his feet. The other adolescent was obviously seething, his brows were furrowed, and his hands clenched into tight fists. “Ben...” You said quietly, seeing his eyes through that sweetly dark hair. He was about to blow; you knew him too well to think otherwise. Proko, however, did not seem to notice. “Zenairo won the round, but you both did extraordin--” “Extraordinary?” Ben’s voice was strained, a venomous anger leaking from it. “I failed, dammit. I couldn't beat him !” He sneered, not even registering the shocked and stern expression that had invited itself onto both Proko and Skywalker’s expressions. “You say that I'm one of the best in my class, but you pair me with this other student and expect me to be able to fight with this. ” He growled, almost animal-like, and threw the wooden saber to the ground. “Ben.” Luke said sternly, his face expressing concern and authority simultaneously. “No, Luke--” Proko had had enough of the disrespect. “ Master Luke, Ben, do not forget your place.” Ben held his ground, his eyes shadowed by the shaggy hair that covered his face. He gritted his teeth. This was so unfair. Luke knew that he was better than this, he was sure that Luke would defend him. His uncle, his family , he wasn't wrong. What he was doing was right. Zenairo was wrong, all of his opponents were wrong. Anyone who stood in his way was wrong-- “Settle down, Ben.” Luke said again. “Fuck off, Master. I can do better than this. I deserve better, because I am the best. I will be the best.” He sneered, running over across the pavilion toward a path you could only assume led to the townhouses. The outbreak had surprised the entire group, except you, of course. You'd seen it coming. But the magnitude in which this tantrum had been executed was beyond what you had imagined. Without even thinking, you turned on your heels and started after him, only to have a firm voice stop you in your tracks. “No, _____, let me talk to him.” Luke sighed, reaching you. “But--” A warning glance from him quieted you, and you bowed your head obediently. “Yes, Master Luke. I’ll, uh, I’ll go back to the courtyard.” Ben stormed through the door of his apartment, slamming it shut behind him with a loud snarl erupting from his lips. He fell into a cushion chair beside the far window in the main room, bringing his hands to his face. He had trained so hard. Only to be proved a failure against Zenairo. Dammit, he hated him! He hated Zenairo. He hated him. He hated the blond hair on that bastard’s head, he hated the way he walked like he owned the entire program, like he was a Master Jedi already. He hated him so much. He hated anyone who would want to make him feel like he does now. Useless, weak, and benign. He just wanted to be the best at something for once in his life. He’d been good at things before, but never had he been truly seen as the top, the first, the best . Ben just wanted recognition for everything he’d been working so hard for in the last nine years of his existence. Maybe he just wasn’t good enough for anything. Ben hadn’t even heard Luke come in the door. “Hey.” The man said, making the padawan jump to his feet in surprise and embarrassment. “I don’t want to talk.” “Then listen.” The Jedi master was quiet in his voice, attempting to placate the situation he was walking into. He’d known Ben since he was a baby; he’d been there when he was born. He was very close to the young man, almost as close as he was to you. “I know that the match didn’t go the way you wanted, but you have to think of the positives.” “What positives?” Ben spat, eyes locked with the intruder in his apartment, pure frustration riddled within his irises. “You definitely passed with flying colours. Your technique is nearly unmatched--” Ben slammed his hand on the nearby counter to his left, cutting Luke off. “Nearly. I keep hearing that word. Nearly . I don’t want to be ‘nearly’ good, Luke! I want to be good--no, actually, I want to be great.” “We will get you there--” “No!” Ben roared, his voice quickly escalating as his continued to speak. “You’ve gotten me nowhere. It’s always been me. I’ve always guided myself. I don’t need you!” “Ben--” “Get out.” The young adult growled, low and menacing as if the words had been spoken by an animal. “Will you please listen to me--” “I said get out!” Ben snapped, his anger obviously getting the best of him, and Luke decided it would be best to leave. He was only making things worse. You hadn’t seen Ben for the rest of the day. It was concerning to say the least, especially after a blow-up like that. You’d never seen something that ferocious from him, and you had to admit that scared you. He was jealous, greedy, and afraid. You were smart enough to know where emotions like that led. You, yourself, had feared Ben’s unique attraction to the dark since you had first understood what the dark side was. After you won your last physical exam, you retreated to the townhouses. You and your opponent, Ratha, a younger girl who was excellent with a saber, had been the last of the day. Everyone else had probably gone to sleep a few hours ago, saying as it was almost one in the morning. Tomorrow was going to be even more difficult, despite having taken down each of your three opponents that day, because tomorrow would be completely mental. Facing your fears and letting go. You slipped quietly into your apartment, knowing Luke would probably be meditating or something next door. You didn’t feel like being spied on tonight--you had a plan to execute. Technically, padawans under the age of eighteen weren’t allowed to be in the apartment of someone of the opposite sex past eleven in the evening; but that had never stopped Ben from sneaking over. It was just another aspect that contributed to the pair of you being best friends. You took a half an hour to clean yourself up, taking a shower. You hummed as the water poured onto your hair, trying to forget about all the events of the day. You just wanted a clean slate before you made your way to Ben’s. You didn’t want to remember the dark cloud that seemed to hang eerily over his head. Your apartment was on the second floor, diagonally three away from Ben’s on the third floor, and across an arc overhanging a veranda and an alley. The mission was kind of exciting. You’d never been inside his apartment before, mostly because he’d never given you the chance, but still. You wondered what kind of magical mysteries hid beyond that window across the complex. It wasn’t long before you opened the window in your common room and pulled the screen out of the frame before setting it down on the floor to your right. The slits of a two crescent moons were the only lights filtering through the clouds, effectively covering the small village in shadow. There were large ledges in the design of the buildings, and you guided yourself through the window and onto one of the small platforms. You walked smoothly along it, almost three fourths of the way to Ben’s window, before you took a literal leap of faith. You grasped firmly to a brick window pane far above your head, quickly pulling yourself up before jumping a bit higher to the set of ledges on the third level. From there it was easy. You opened the window, silently thanking Ben that his screen was already taken out, and slid inside effortlessly. Weaving yourself out of the blackout curtains that hung from a pole above your head, you ventured further into what you knew would be his bedroom. The light that shone through from the adjusted cloth behind you lit up the room in silver. It was a disaster. Old wrappers and clothes littered the floor, and the mattress you saw to your left seemed more like a heap of comforters and pillows than an actual bed. Beneath the mountain of cloth, you saw Ben’s figure. His chest was rising and falling in a slow rhythm, and you stood there watching for several moments. It was rare that you ever saw him this peaceful. He constantly found something to stress over nowadays. You almost didn’t want to disturb him at all, but something in you moved your body closer, sliding yourself warily into the mess of sheets. It was warm and inviting under the blankets, and you almost forgot that it wasn’t your bed until your hands met Ben’s back. He didn’t even stir at your touch. You smiled faintly, moving closer until you were flush against him, one arm tucked underneath your torso while another rested precariously atop Ben’s side. It was then that the young man shifted, mumbling softly in his sleep, eventually making his way to face you. His eyes were closed, as you had not yet managed to wake him from slumber, but subconsciously, he knew someone--you--were there. Ben’s own arms weaved themselves sleepily around your waist, tugging lightly to pull you into his chest. You sighed into him, allowing yourself to truly let go in his arms. He was where you felt safe, he was where you felt needed, he was where you felt loved. Ben Solo was not just your best friend, you decided in that moment, but the man you had fallen in love with.