Tea and Firelight The first time he sees her it’s in the half-dark, light fracturing in from behind and sliced up into shadow-sections by him, his body, the bodies of Stormtroopers; she holds up her hand, keeps it between her face and the torrent of hard white light. He thinks I’ve never seen her before . This thought is accompanied by a mild sense of disbelief. This young woman, slim, white, her limbs in angles and encased in the thinnest cotton, nipples tight pink buds and her face soft, he catches her on the precise threshold between sleep and wakefulness. Like this, with her face undressed and her mouth slack, shying away from the light, her body frank in its sprawl beneath the tangle of sheets, he thinks---wants to know--- why haven’t I seen her before? “Dr. Tash,” says General Hux. “You’re here.” “Of course I’m bloody here!” The woman, beautiful bird, siren refugee from the dark side of an ocean, wipes her long dark hair out of her face. “Where, exactly, did you think I was?” He clasps his hands behind his back. “Your badge was used an hour and a half ago to board a shuttle to Nambi Outpost.” “Oh.” Dr. Tash hugs the sheets, piles them up over her very thin tank top. “Well, sir, as you can see,” she says, watching him, tossing her pile of hair back, “I did not board the shuttle to Nambi Outpost!” “So it would seem.” Dr. Tash looks at Hux, looks at the Stormtroopers flanking him, and reaches for a bedside lamp. “Now what?” “I’m sorry?” She switches it on. “Now what happens? Do you need a sample of my blood?” She looks at the Stormtroopers. “Shall I verify?” “No, doctor, that won’t be necessary. It would, in fact, be a waste of your time and mine.” Hux’s nostrils flare. His mouth twitches. “It appears that your biometric profile has been tampered with.” “Are you suggesting that I---?” “Not at present,” says Hux. Her face flushes. He watches the color well up in her pale skin and he’s reminded of desert sunsets, their high thin pink clouds and slow rosed-up light. “Dress yourself.” Hux looks her over. “And once you have neatened your appearance, these ladies will escort you to my office.” Dr. Tash lifts up her chin. “Is this going to be an interrogation, then?” “It is my desire that it be nothing so formal as that.” Hux widens his stance. He keeps his eyes on her face. “However, in the end, whether or not we are to progress to that level will be entirely up to you.” He clears his throat. “Doctor.” “Of course, General.” She bites her lip, nods to the Stormtroopers. “Afternoon, ladies.” They incline their heads, speak in unison. “Doctor.” “Do be quick about it,” says Hux. “We are in a state of emergency.” “What’s happened?” Dr. Tash kicks the covers off her body. “What do you mean, a state of emergency? Is there fighting?” She jumps out of bed and turns her back, pulls off her tank top. She picks up her uniform tunic. She shakes it out, peeks at him over her shoulder. “Am I needed?” Hux stiffens. “No.” He looks away from her bare back, tightens his jaw. “I’m afraid it’s not that kind of emergency, doctor.” “Oh?” She pulls the tunic over her head, looks down as she fastens up the buttons. “Am I permitted to ask what sort?” Her hair, dark and loose, thick and wavy, falls to her waist. It catches copper glints from the weak light, loops them close to the corners of her eyes. “No,” says Hux. “You are not.” She shrugs. “Very well.” General Hux brings his heels together, inclines his head. “Doctor.” She drops her pajama pants, kicks them aside. She turns in a circle. She looks at the floor. “Yes?” Hux blinks several times, purses his mouth, stiffens his spine. He turns on his heel. He slips a fingertip between his neck and his collar, sighs through his nose. He clasps his hands behind his back. “I do wish you’d stop doing that, doctor.” “Doing what?” “Disrobing in front of me.” “I thought you wanted me to hurry?” “I did, and I do.” He clears his throat. “Though I would have thought it obvious for you to wait until after I had left.” “Why? I’m almost ready now.” The words come out cold and sharp. “Because such behavior is not appropriate, Dr. Tash. It is disrespectful of me, of my position as your superior, and of the Order’s code of conduct. Lastly, and of equal or greater importance to the previous three statements, you are disrespecting yourself, doctor. Your body unclothed is not something I, nor anyone who is not your intimate, should see.” “I’m sorry, sir.” Her voice, low and rich to begin with, gets soft. “It was not my intention to offend you. I can assure you that I’m quite covered, now. If you’d like to turn around.” “No.” His face is hot. “I’d rather not, thank you.” “Suit yourself.” There’s a looseness to the words, a casual familiarity in her voice that passes through his skin and makes him warm, translates his posture into something sharp. His mouth hardens. His breathing deepens. “I’m ready.” She brushes past him, her hair pulled back into a neat bun, her body buttoned into the gray-and-black uniform of the medical corps. She’s put on lipstick, a dark purple shade that makes him think of wine-fruit, bruises, the long summer gloaming of a distant planet subject to the velvet tyranny of its own atmosphere. She smiles a little and her teeth are very white. Her eyes are almost sly. “If you’d like to escort me yourself.” “Very well.” He breaks the formality of his stance, strides toward the door. “Follow me.” Dr. Tash snaps her heels together, bows her head. “Yes, sir.” The walk is long and blessedly silent. She keeps herself to his left, times her stride to his. Her profile is ramrod straight. She maintains a two-step distance between them. He glances back. Despite the evidence of chaos, the restlessness of others, she remains calm. Once at his office door, he dismisses the Stormtroopers. He opens the door, offers her the threshold. He escorts her to an overstuffed black leather chair. Dr. Tash lowers herself into it, perches on the edge. She looks around. The room is a mix of subdued color and elegance, much of it dark, the textures masculine but drenched in a warm orange light that is steady and almost flickering, like there’s a fire somewhere. She folds her hands. She crosses her legs. “Would you care for some tea, doctor?” Her eyebrows lift. Her mouth opens, closes again. “Yes, sir.” She nods, smooths the front of her tunic. “That would be lovely.” She smiles. “Thank you.” “I did say informal, did I not?” “You did, sir. My apologies.” She flashes him a brief smile. “Tea sounds wonderful.” General Hux walks to a lacquered sideboard. It’s black, inset with geometric designs that are accented with a deep red, a slight cherry gloss. He pushes a button, flares a heating element to orange, covers it with a glass kettle of purified water. He removes his gloves, uses bare fingers to opens a small cabinet. He retrieves a pair of infusers carved out of some kind of ivory or shell, centers them on a silver tray. He opens them one at a time, aligns the halves. He reaches for a small red canister. He opens it, holds it close to his face. He wafts its scent to his nose. “I would like you to tell me about Dr. Bah,” he says. “Um.” Dr. Tash watches him pick up a silver scoop, the handle of which is inset with matching filigreed pieces of ivory, or shell, and lower it into the canister. “I’m not one hundred percent sure what it is you’re playing at, so…um, if you please, sir, might you perhaps make your question more specific?” Hux taps it with rhythmic and gentle precision against the rim of the canister until the dried flower petals, the flecks of leaves, are perfectly level. “What sort of person would you say she is?” “I would call her diligent, dedicated to her work, exceptionally clever as well, sir. She is a very patient educator, and well suited to that role.” Hux eases the measure of tea into one of the infusers. “You two get along, then?” “Well…yes, I suppose we do.” Dr. Tash watches him. “I, anyway, have always felt that we got along famously. May I enquire as to the reason for this particular line of questioning?” He measures out the second portion of the tea. “Have you noticed anything unusual in her behavior as of late?” “I’m sorry, sir. No. I cannot say that I have.” General Hux puts the infusers back together, places them side by side on the tray, bends a little, opens a cabinet door beneath the sideboard. He brings up a pair of black porcelain cups. Their bowls are etched with delicate silver waves, an ocean bejeweled with a suggested reflection of overhead stars. He lifts the infusers by their chains, lowers them with slow care into the empty cups. He puts his gloves back on, takes the cups by their handles. He lowers them into matching saucers. “Would it surprise you, Dr. Tash, to learn that she departed the base two hours ago via an unscheduled trip to Nambi Outpost?” Dr. Tash’s mouth opens. “Yes, sir, it would. That would surprise me a lot, actually. Are you sure?” He glances at her. “Quite.” “That seems…rather unlike her.” The water starts to rattle and hum inside the kettle. He keeps his back turned. “Enlighten me.” “I have only been here a short time, sir, just seven months, but in that time I have not seen anything in Dr. Bah’s temperament or disposition to explain why she would make an unscheduled trip to…well, to anywhere, really.” The rattle grows louder. Steam curls up, wisps away from the water-beaded throat of the kettle’s spout. Hux takes the kettle, lifts it away from the heat, steadies it with both hands over the first of the teacups. He tilts it. Both of them watch the water as it pours itself into the porcelain. Hux sets the kettle down. He places the cup into a saucer. He glances back at her. “How do you take your tea, doctor?” Dr. Tash straightens her back, folds her hands. “As it is.” She smiles a little. “Thank you, sir.” He turns, holds out the cup. “I assure you that the pleasure is all mine.” Dr. Tash takes it, glances at his face. She smiles a little. She lifts the cup to her mouth. “Have you spoken to Lord Ren?” He holds her gaze a single heartbeat too long. He arches an eyebrow. “And why, exactly, in the name of our Supreme Leader, would I speak to Lord Ren regarding this particular matter?” “Um.” Her face reddens. “I’m sorry, sir.” She holds the cup, doesn’t drink. “I-I just…I guess I thought that you would have, considering.” He turns, picks up the kettle. He pours steaming water into his own cup. “Considering what?” “Well, um…” Dr. Tash puts the teacup back into the saucer, leans over, places the saucer onto a low table. “Please pardon me, sir, as it is not my intention to seem…insolent, or disrespectful, but…you…you didn’t know about Dr. Bah and Lord Ren?” “No, doctor.” A chill creeps into his voice. “I have no idea at all what you are talking about.” He enunciates stiffly. “What, exactly, is it that I do not know, regarding Dr. Bah and Lord Ren?” “First of all, sir, I want you know that it’s not in my nature to pry, and that at no time since I’ve started my internship here have I ever gone out of my way to meddle in anyone’s personal business. I do consider such behavior…unbecoming, in any officer of the First Order. It’s…it’s just that…” General Hux turns, flattens his mouth. He flares his nostrils. His gaze cuts into her. “Well…” The blush in her face flares across her jaw, creeps down her neck. “As I imagine you know, when you work closely enough with someone, exclusively enough with someone, and when you spend many of your waking hours together, you…” “Get to the point, doctor!” Dr. Tash jumps. “They have some sort of…personal relationship, I don’t know for how long, I can’t say, I can only attest that it has been going on for as long as I have been stationed here. General.” She swallows, looks away from him. “Sir.” “Are you familiar with how Dr. Bah came to be on Starkiller Base, doctor?” Hux studies her face. “It’s quite a story.” “I do know that she worked for the GHO prior to starting work at Starkiller Base and that she was stationed in the Neva Cathari region.” She looks down at her folded hands. “I only know that because her work history is attached to her medical license, which I accessed prior to applying for the Starkiller internship program. I…I wished to know what she was capable of teaching me, and to prepare myself for the eventual task of becoming her student.” “That is equally admirable and efficient of you, doctor. That type of initiative is what likely secured you the position.” “Yes, sir. I believe you are correct.” “Please continue.” “Thank you, sir.” She takes a breath. “I also know that she’s Shamasi Temple trained and the only graduate of Shamasi Temple Med on board. While I have no Force sensitivity of my own, I was intrigued by the opportunity to study beneath someone trained to apply the Force in a medical fashion rather than in…other ways. The school, as you likely know, no longer exists.” “By order of our Supreme Leader. Yes, doctor. I am aware.” “That is…that is all I know.” She looks up at him. “I apologize if that does not please you.” “On the contrary, doctor.” Hux takes a seat in the chair opposite. “I am rather pleased.” He leans back, holds the saucer in one hand. “Starkiller Base is fortunate to have you.” “Thank you, sir.” Her smile turns secret. “That’s lovely to hear.” He lifts the cup to his mouth, takes a sip. “Once upon a time, Dr. Tash, there was a crash, an unfortunate event that---rather fortunately---happened to take place in Neva Cathari airspace.” He places the tea on the low table between them, lines his cup up with hers, rotates it so the handles are in a mirrored position. He leans back. He looks in her eyes. “Lord Ren was the only survivor of that crash. Dr. Bah was stationed there at the time and because she was, and because of her Shamasi Temple training, she had the ability to save Lord Ren’s life.” “I see,” says Dr. Tash. “Once her patient had stabilized, Dr. Bah then abandoned her post, which resulted in the immediate termination of her employment due to desertion, and personally escorted Lord Ren from the Neva Cathari clinic to Nambi Outpost. What you must understand is that this singular action, which I feel was rather bold and selfless of her, entailed the crossing of ten thousand desolate kilometers using two stolen land speeders and transportation via smugglers that she bartered for them both using emergency heart surgery performed on the floor of a cargo hold.” “You’re right.” She picks up her tea. “It is bold.” She watches him over the rim of her cup. “That’s quite a story.” “Yes.” He takes his tea, brings it to his mouth. “It is.” She lifts her eyebrows, takes a sip. Hux takes a sip, replaces the cup onto its saucer. “Now, I want you to think very carefully, doctor, about the question I am going to ask you.” He folds his hands. “I want you to take your time before answering. Do you understand?” “Yes, sir. Of course.” “Is there anything regarding the nature of Lord Ren and Dr. Bah’s relationship that cannot be explained by the story I just told you?” She replaces her cup in its saucer. “I would like to counter with a question of my own, sir, if you will allow it.” “Though I should not, I will.” She lines the position of her teacup with his. “May I speak freely?” “You may.” Dr. Tash turns the cup, watches her fingers. “Do you think she did all of that for you?” He blinks. “I’m sorry?” “My apologies, sir, I wasn’t clear.” She turns the handle of her cup into a mirrored position. “I didn’t mean you personally. I meant the Order.” She leans back, folds her hands. “Do you think she did all of that for the good of the Order?” Hux glances at her teacup. “In the absence of any other more obvious motivator…yes, doctor.” He leans back, looks in her eyes. He folds his hands. “I do.” “I would like to ask you a personal question, General.” She holds his gaze. “May I have your permission to do so?” “Tread carefully, doctor.” “Of course, sir.” “Proceed.” “Do you have a woman in your life?” She glances at his mouth. “Wife, girlfriend, mistress, lover?” His mouth twitches. “I do not.” “That being asked and answered,” she says, her voice lowering, “I’m feeling bold enough to state that you do not know much about women.” “Careful, doctor.” “Apologies.” A brief smile curls across Dr. Tash’s mouth. “What I mean to say, General, is that I, being a woman who has the experience of having loved men, feel qualified to say that I, were I in a similar position, would not likely feel such a depth of fervor for ideology alone.” He arches an eyebrow. “Are you questioning Dr. Bah’s loyalty, doctor? Because, if you are, I might find that interesting.” He lowers his voice, silks it up at the edges. “I might find that very interesting indeed.” “I am not, General.” She pauses. “Not at present.” “Continue.” “I would like to ask you a question, sir, if I may.” She watches his face. “More of a hypothetical question, this time.” “Proceed.” “Do you really think it entirely beyond the realm of possibility that Dr. Bah would enact such a personal sacrifice, and carry it out at such a great level of personal risk, for love?” “Love of one’s way of life, of one’s national identity, may be quite a splendid thing, doctor.” “Yes, General. Of course.” She brushes a wisp of hair away from her forehead, holds his gaze. “May I be frank with you?” “By all means.” “The love of a man is the only thing I can think of that I might be willing to pay two stolen land speeders, emergency heart surgery, and ten thousand desolate kilometers for.” Hux steeples his hands. He stares. “I take it, then, that whatever it is that you’ve seen between them does not accord with the story I just told you?” “Oh, it does.” Dr. Tash picks up the cup, cradles it in her palm. “That isn’t the issue.” “Oh?” “No.” She shakes her head. “What I have seen may accord with the foundations of the story, but it does not accord with the way that you told it.” He reaches for his tea. “You prefer your story to mine.” “My version of it holds up.” She sips. “Yours does not.” He brings his cup to his mouth. “What have you seen?” “I could tell you stories.” She palms the cup. “But I think the best thing to do in this case is to make a suggestion instead.” He sips, curves his hand around the cup’s bottom. “And what, pray tell, is that?” “Go into the security footage.” She uncrosses her legs, puts her hands on her knees. She returns the tea to its saucer. “Choose low-traffic locations, remote areas, darkened areas, in regions of the base where you might expect to come across either one of them. Then, apply a proximity search algorithm that will filter out any footage where they are positioned more than, oh, say…forty-five centimeters apart.” She leans over the table. “Watch it for a while. Something will come up, eventually.” She softens her voice. “I’m quite sure of it.” “If there’s nothing?” Dr. Tash taps her toes in a quick counterpoint rhythm, shrugs a shoulder. “We’ll talk.” “Yes, doctor.” General Hux places the tea in its saucer, stands. He tugs down the front of his tunic. “You are correct. We will.” Chapter 2 : Injury and Dream Ivako pushes filmy gauze curtains aside. She climbs out of bed, feels dizzy, waits for it to pass. A light wind enters the stone and plaster room, blows through blue shadow, thick with gardenia and jasmine. She inhales; the scent clings to the inside of her mouth, it’s almost a taste: bitter, salty, soapy and full of honey. She begins to sweat. The stone floor is cool under her feet. She tiptoes past Rey, curled up on a chaise; she runs her hand on the wall, follows the wind. Their room has a tiny balcony. She pushes its heavy drapes aside, slips out into the night. The wind dries her sweat. She walks to the rail, rests her hands on the lingering heat. “Ivako?” Dusk hangs over the distant ocean. The water lies flat, a dull metallic sheet beneath a purple twilight that makes the shadows blue, the stones wine-dark, the backs of her hands a delicate flushed pink. “Did I wake you up?” Ivako turns, watches Rey slip through the drapes. “Sorry if I did.” She smiles a little. “I tried to be quiet.” “No.” Rey shakes her head, looks around. “You didn’t. Do you feel all right?” “I think so.” The sky over the land fades into black, jeweled with a bold belt of visible stars. The lights of the outpost, a spare twenty kilometers away, cluster at the water’s edge. They spread out in concentric circles, outline intersecting streets. They glitter in the dry and brittle air, hard-looking, sharp, shivering in and out with distance. “Are you sure you’re all right?” “Yeah.” “Bad dream?” “Yeah, I…” Ivako keeps her eyes on the ocean. “I don’t know.” She shakes her head. “I’m not…really sure. There were dreams, yes.” Rey reaches out, rests a hand on her forearm. “Do you want to talk about it?” “Not really.” Ivako’s hair blows across her face. She moves it, turns, leans a hip into the stone. “It’s…private. I’m not sure where I’d begin, anyway. It was very strange.” “Was it about…?” Rey points to Ivako’s belly. Ivako straightens up, turns toward the outpost. “Sort of.” She hugs herself, shrugs. “But not really.” “I’m sorry.” Rey moves away from her. She looks down. “I shouldn’t pry.” “It’s okay. I understand. You’re curious about me.” The wind gusts, tosses the drapes around. Dust coats Ivako’s lips. She wipes them. “Why wouldn’t you be?” “Of course you’re right.” Rey folds her arms. “But I don’t want to…I don’t…you know, I don’t want to offend you.” She kicks at the floor. “It’s a brave thing you did, and you didn’t have to help me, but you did, and…I suppose that I want to show gratitude by respecting your privacy. I’m trying. But it’s hard.” She looks at Ivako. “I’ve been alone a very long time.” “I know.” Rey smiles but it’s a flash, short-lived, already wilting at the edges. “It’s lovely to be with another woman. To hear another woman’s voice. Thank you.” She turns away, arms folded. Her face is red. “For that.” Ivako lowers her voice. “They’re coming, you know. They’re on their way here.” “Yes, I know.” Rey looks at her. “What do we do?” Ivako shrugs. “Get lost.” “Aren’t we lost now?” “We’re off the grid, yes, but we’re still too close. Especially if…” “Kylo Ren.” Ivako bites her lip. She rubs her nose. She nods. Rey watches her face. “Do you think he’ll come?” “I doubt---” Ivako draws in a deep breath, lets it out. “I don’t know. I’m not sure General Hux would allow that.” “You think he’ll come after you himself, then?” Rey studies her face. “And leave Ren behind? But what about me? I suppose General Hux might take matters into his own hands. But why would he do that? And he can’t use the Force, can he?” “They’re after you.” Ivako shakes her head. She glances at Rey. “They’re not after me.” “You know, I would think the opposite, actually. I agree that Ren is after me and not you, he wants something I’ve seen, to get it out of my head.” Rey frowns a little. “But you…you betrayed General Hux by leaving him, so of course he’d come after you. Why wouldn’t he? Isn’t he that sort of man?” “Oh goodness. You think he’s the father, don’t you?” Rey’s brows furrow. “Isn’t he?” Ivako folds her arms and quickly shakes her head, mouths the word no . “Oh.” Rey frowns. She tilts her head. “But…I-I thought sure that…because you said…well, you didn’t say it, I saw that he was…that the father is…high up, in the organization, in the Order, is that wrong?” She searches Ivako’s eyes. “Did I use the Force wrong? Was it me? Because I was so sure of myself, you know, it really felt like it had to be H---“ “Kylo is the father.” Rey’s eyes get bigger. Her mouth snaps shut. She watches Ivako, peers at her face; she takes a step back, finds herself up against the balcony wall. She shakes her head. Her lips part. Ivako holds up a hand. She closes her eyes. “I understand that you hate him, and I believe that he’s probably earned your hate, and I’m not interested in in disputing that, but I wanted to be honest with you. I don’t think we can do this together if I’m not honest with you.” She sighs through her nose, she rubs her forehead. “Besides, I think it’s time.” “Probably?” Rey’s eyebrows shoot up. “You believe that he’s probably earned my hate?” She folds her arms. “Oh, and you think it’s time to tell me the truth?” Her jaw tightens. “Well how…how…how perfectly fucking kind of you!” She utters a bitter laugh. “You’re a real princess among women, aren’t you?” “You don’t have to trust me, if you don’t want to, and if you don’t, I’ve earned that, and I’ll take whatever consequences you want to throw on me for it, but…if I’d told you, you would never have come. You wouldn’t have left, and that would’ve been…tragic. For you.” “I was right!” Rey’s voice goes up. It cracks a little. Her eyes get wet. “You are like him!” “I’m…I-I’m…I don’t know, I’m not sure what to say to that.” Ivako softens her voice. “But if you mean that…that I’m going to hurt you, or that I want to, or that I’m some kind of danger to you…I’m not.” “Well you let him do that to you.” Rey flings her arms in the direction of Ivako’s stomach. “Didn’t you?” Ivako arches an eyebrow. “Yes.” “Gross!” “What are you right now? Ten years old?” “No, I just...” Rey wrinkles her nose. She shudders. “Enough,” Ivako snaps. “I get the point.” She brushes past Rey, heads back into the room. “I’m sorry I told you.” Rey takes a handful of steps after her. She raises her voice. “Well what did you bloody expect?” “I don’t know!” Rey follows her, pushes the drapes aside. She turns on the overhead light. “What are you doing?” Ivako digs under the mattress, pulls out a leather bag. “Here.” She throws it at Rey’s feet. It lands wide, skids across the floor and lands in the corner of the threshold. “Take it. I’ve got my own money.” “Where are you going?” Rey lowers her voice. “Back to him?” “No.” Ivako wipes tears off her face with the heel of her hand. She shoves things into her bag. “I’m going home.” “So now you’re going to just leave me here, stranded, on a colonized planet, with no idea where anything is or how to get there, within spitting distance of a First Order outpost.” Ivako zips the bag. “Isn’t that what you want?” Rey snorts. She rolls her eyes, cocks her hip, and folds her arms. “I suppose I should’ve expected this sort of behavior out of someone who’d willingly fuck Kylo Ren.” Ivako clenches her jaw. Closes her eyes. She sucks in a long hard breath through her nose, purses her lips. She lets go of the bag. She balls her hand into a fist. Rey takes a striding step toward her. “Are y---“ Ivako whirls around, uses her body’s momentum to punch Rey in the mouth. Rey staggers, claps a hand over her broken lip. She makes an outraged noise. Blood seeps through her fingers. Ivako lunges at her, grabs the front of her tunic. She slams her into the wall. “Fuck you,” she snarls. “I would love to go back. I would love that choice. I’d do anything for the ability to be safe there.” Ivako pulls Rey toward her, slams her again. “With him.” She brings her face in close enough for flying spit to land on Rey’s lips. “For my child to be safe there.” Ivako shakes her. “With HER FATHER .” Rey’s eyes are wide, her mouth trembling. Ivako glares. “Are you listening to me, you jumped-up, judgmental, holier-than-thou, whiny little piece of shit?” Rey nods. Ivako closes her eyes for a brief moment. Her nostrils flare. With a slight shove she lets go of Rey’s tunic. Her jaws clench. She lets out a long ragged breath, wipes tears off her cheeks. Her voice drops. “You really need to shut the fuck up about things you know nothing about.” “All right.” Rey breathes hard. Her voice is a whisper. “I will do that.” Ivako goes to her bag. She picks it up, slings it over her shoulder. She folds her arms. Her chin trembles. Rey wipes the blood off her face with her sleeve. “You don’t have to go, you can…I’m sorry, I-I overstepped, I shouldn’t’ve…” She wipes with the other sleeve, looks at it. She picks up the hem of her tunic, wads it up, presses it to the cut in her lip. “You’re right.” Tears gleam in her eyes. “I don’t know what I’m talking about. I should not…I’m sorry, I should not have presumed things, I won’t run my mouth again.” “It doesn’t matter. You can’t trust me. You’re incapable. I’ve become a disgusting person to you, and that’s…” Ivako shrugs. “Regrettable, but it is what it is. You can’t change that any more than I can change…certain things. I think you’d probably be better off on your own.” “You’re not disgusting.” Ivako looks at her. Both eyebrows lift. Her mouth slants. “Really?” “You still saved me,” Rey says. “That has to count for something.” She lifts her chin, shrugs a shoulder. “Whether I like it or not.” “He would’ve killed you.” Ivako rubs her eyes. “He might’ve. You made him very angry and he doesn’t control his anger well.” Rey folds her arms, arches an eyebrow. “Funny. That sounds exactly like someone else I know.” “Yeah.” Ivako sighs, takes the bag off her shoulder. She lets it fall. She glances at Rey. “Sorry about that.” Rey snorts. “I asked for it.” Ivako nods, smiles a little. “Yeah. You did.” Rey touches her lip, looks at her fingers. “Still bleeding.” She flashes an orange-toothed grin, lets out a snorting laugh. “Nice shot.” “I can fix that, if you want.” Ivako waves her closer. “I have to touch you, though. Sorry about that.” Rey moves closer to her. “That’s all right.” “Some people don’t have to touch directly. I can be effective if I’ve got my hands a couple of centimeters over the skin, but I just don’t have the focus to do much better than that, and it’s still better if I touch skin.” Rey tilts her chin and Ivako peers at her bottom lip. “I generally wear gloves for this, though.” “How will it feel?” Ivako shrugs. She puts a hand on Rey’s jaw, lays her thumb across the split. “I think it’s different for everybody.” “How does it---“ “Shhhhh,” says Ivako, pressing gently into the wound. “Let me do this, and then you can tell me yourself.” Rey winces. “Sorry,” Ivako murmurs. She closes her eyes. “It’s sort of warm and throbby,” Rey says. “It’s nice.” “Shhhhhh.” It’s a shallow wound. At the merest nudge of Ivako’s mind the vessels seal themselves, stopping the blood, melting the swelling. The skin goes smooth, turns moist and slick at the waterline. She moves the tip of her thumb across Rey’s bottom lip, strokes back and forth. She finds the tiny divots chipped into the skin by the edges of Rey’s teeth, closes them. Rey’s breathing hitches, trembles a little. It glides into a quicker pace. Ivako keeps her eyes closed. She uses the tip of her index finger to trace the outline of Rey’s top lip and Rey’s breathing jacks up, goes wrong in her throat. “Does that hurt?” “N-No.” Ivako opens her eyes. She pulls her hand back, studies Rey’s face. Rey takes hold of her wrist. She looks in Ivako’s eyes. “You don’t.” She pauses, swallows the huskiness in her voice. “You don’t…you don’t have to stop.” “But…you’re all fixed up.” Ivako smiles a little. She pulls her wrist out of Rey’s light grip. “You just need to rinse away the blood. You’ll be good as new.” Rey watches her face. “I want to kiss you,” she whispers. “That’s…” Ivako sighs. She shakes her head, looks away. “That’s probably not a great idea.” “I’m sorry.” Rey blushes. She puts her hands on her face. “You don’t even like girls, do you?” “No, no, your instinct there was right,” says Ivako. “I like girls. Sometimes.” “But you don’t like me.” “No.” Ivako puts a hand over her face. “It’s not that, I do like you, I think you’re very pretty even if you are a little young for me, and if things were different, maybe, but I…I don’t think it’s a good idea.” “I mean…” Rey hugs herself, looks at the floor. Her cheeks are red, her neck pink. “I know you probably still…I-I mean…I don’t know, really, I guess, but…I-I mean, maybe you don’t…or you never did…b-but…I…” Ivako walks to the bed. She pushes aside the curtains, sits on the edge. “What I mean…I just want to say that it doesn’t have to lead into love,” says Rey. “Not for me. I don’t expect anything like that.” Ivako swings her legs up, stretches out onto the bed. She pulls a pillow over her face. She hugs it, makes a frustrated noise. “I just…” Rey rushes to the edge of the bed, stops, holds herself still. She looks at her hands, puts them behind her back. She lets them fall. “I want to feel…like I’m here, like I’m physically here, it’s so hard, everything feels so much like a dream. I just…” her eyes fill with tears. “I want to be touched, and you’re so pretty…I-I liked touching you,” she whispers. “It felt nice.” Ivako pulls the pillow off her face. “I can’t, I’m sorry.” “Can’t?” Rey goes to the foot of the bed. She sits. “Pardon me for saying it, but…that’s an odd choice of words.” Ivako sighs, puts a forearm over her eyes. “I mean, If you don’t want to, I can understand that, and it’s not that I require an explanation, really, but…can’t? Why not?” “This is a bad time to tell you this.” “Tell me what?” Ivako sits up, folds her legs. She pulls the pillow into her lap. She looks down for a long moment. “I ran some extra tests.” She hooks the long side of her hair behind her ear. “I’m not even sure why, even, but I guess I had this feeling…” She looks up. “There was something…it was in your face, you made this expression, it was familiar.” “What? What do you mean, familiar? I don’t understand.” Ivako closes her eyes. She sighs out the words. “I ran a DNA panel on you. It wasn’t ordered, not by Ky---uh, Lord Ren. Or Hux, or anybody else.” “DNA panel? What’s that?” “It’s a genetic profile.” Ivako balls up the pillow, hugs it to her belly. “I usually run them to look for genetic abnormalities, markers for disease susceptibility, things like that. I did have some concern that maybe you had a genetic predisposition to certain vitamin deficiencies.” Rey turns her body toward Ivako, pulls her legs up, folds them. ”Genetic profile?” “Genes, yeah. They’re in the cells of your body and they determine all kinds of things about your body, your face, your overall health.” “Is there…is there something wrong with me?” Rey leans forward, looks at her with wide eyes. “Am I sick?” “No, you’re not. It’s a miracle, really, considering the level and duration of your malnutrition.” Ivako tilts her head, shakes it. She looks in Rey’s eyes. “You do not want to hear this.” “But you’re going to tell me anyway.” Rey folds her arms. “Aren’t you.” “Yeah. I guess I am.” Rey shrugs. “Well just let me have it, then.” “Another thing DNA profiles are good for is figuring out who your parents are. They’re most often used to establish paternity, but sometimes it’s used to prove or disprove other familial relationships.” “All right…but what does any of this have to do with me?” Ivako takes a breath. She watches Rey’s face. “Turns out you’ve got a brother.” Rey’s mouth drops open. “What?” “Which…I have to be honest with you, that part doesn’t matter to me at all.” Ivako tosses the pillow aside. She folds her forearms across her belly. “What does matter, to me at least, and this is why I risked so much to get you away from Starkiller…is that now my daughter has an aunt, which…that makes you family, and I want her to have family that isn’t...” Rey’s face loses its color. “Which, uh…” Ivako utters a dry little laugh. “As you might imagine, that makes having casual sex with you, as fun as it could be, an extraordinarily bad idea.” “Well.” Rey’s blows a long hard breath out through pursed lips. She moves hair out of her face. Her voice shakes. “I must say.” She moves her hands up and down her thighs. “I’ve never been turned down quite like this before.” Ivako’s mouth twitches into a grin. She snorts, starts to laugh. “General, sir…” “Begin the evacuation of nonessential personnel.” Hux sits, a datapad in hand. He keeps his eyes on the screen. “Keep it quiet and orderly.” “But---” Hux cuts his eyes away from the screen. “Do it now.” “Of course, sir.” He flicks aside the images on the screen. In the background there is motion and noise, he half-listens, but the lion’s share of his attention is paid to the three months of data in his hands, processed in seconds down to…this. There are six thirty-second clips of Kylo Ren and Dr. Bah walking side-by-side, strides matched, down four different hallways. In four of them they are close enough to hold hands. In one of them, they are close enough to put their arms around each other. No touching happens. There’s a fifteen-second clip of Kylo Ren standing outside of Dr. Bah’s door. In it he’s too close; the toes of his boots are a centimeter away from the door, his helmet is off and he’s taking off his hood, his gloves, his belt, his hands uncoordinated, until the door slides open. He runs inside. In one three-way splice of footage, Dr. Bah is in a darkened room with a comatose patient. The footage itself lasts fifteen minutes. The low light gives the picture a cold underwater hue, a black-and-blue bruise tone. She’s got a datapad; all of her attention is on it. The glow from the screen bleaches the bones out of her face, lightens her eyes into a shocking shade of blue. Hux guesses that she’s been in the room a long time, looking at the pad, touching it; her frown says that she’s trying to make sense of something, that she’s looking for a missing piece. But the algorithm is merciless and any build-up, any sense of time passing, is cut flat out. In the collection of images he’s got, she’s alone and at the bedside for mere seconds before Kylo Ren enters the frame with her. Ren doesn’t do anything. He stands, he’s tall enough so that in this frame, at this angle, the camera cuts off the top half of his helmet. The low light smears the lines of his garments, turns him into a looming shadow figure. Dr. Bah shows him the datapad. She holds it up, flips through a half-dozen pages, tilts it. She gives up after a handful of seconds, passes the datapad to him. Hux feels himself attracted to her body language; his eyes seek it out, the shapes and angles her body makes, how the light suppresses some things and highlights others. His mind attaches meaning to it, disregards all other bits of detail. She folds her arms, turns away from him; the pleasant shape of her mouth remakes itself into something unkind, her chin points at the other side of the room. One eyebrow twitches, unsure if it wants to lift, houses a vague sharpness anyway, even as the rest of her body slumps over into a soft, restless laxity. The algorithm cuts the scene to another angle, crude editing job that jerkily shifts the view to above their heads. It looks like some time has gone by, perhaps quite a bit of it. The camera looks down, peers past their shoulders. Hux sees Ren put the datapad on the bed. Hux sees the patient himself, a middle-aged man ramrod straight on the bed, small pillow beneath his head and the blankets pulls up to his armpits, his nose and cheekbones and lips waxy-looking and too still for sleep. Hux watches Ren’s shoulders move, black shifting on black. Ren’s arms move; Hux sees the white of Ren’s bare hands, huge knobby splayed white arachnoid things. Hux notices for the first time how close they are, that someone has closed the gap. Ren’s big white hand lifts. It comes down, smothers the slim, equally white nape of Dr. Bah’s neck. Ren’s palm swallows it up. She looks up at him. The detail isn’t great at this height, there’s too much dark, it’s grainy at the edges, but nonetheless Hux still sees it bold as day: the changing shape of her mouth, that unmistakable softening like a flower in the dawn, petals gone helpless at the approach of the light, and he sees it in her eyes too, in their absolute devotion to the space where Ren’s face should be, in the slow lowering of her lids. Hux swallows. The skin under his collar chafes itself into heat, starts to itch. It’s like a play. Ren takes off the helmet, follows the script. He places it on the bed, on top of the datapad. Of course. He takes it off, unveils his too-white face, his too-big, too-sharp nose and his weak chin, his too-soft mouth, the weak light catching in the overwrought theater of his hair, the naked and dangerous hunger in his eyes. Ask with a look, answer with a stripping-off, a removal, a light hand, a touch, and no hesitation. Her hands go for the hair. There’s a visible sigh, the soft press of a trembling mouth. Hux snorts. Not for the first time, he wishes he could punch the softened tremble, that aggravating weakness, right out of Kylo Ren’s mouth. Introduce it via teeth and knuckles to its own blood. The algorithm is merciless; it cycles the kiss through three different views. Each view lasts for ten seconds. In one of them Ren’s hands, restless, severed by the weak light from the black of him, their whiteness clutching, taking hold, owning her---in another mouths retreating, assaulting wet, lips so rough that Hux can almost hear what they’re doing to the gasping sound of breath inside the room---the third, her hands small and delicate, caught, buried past the knuckles, then swallowed to the wrists by Ren’s ridiculous hair, she’s pulling it, her knuckles gone white and tight--- The roots of Hux’s hair stiffen. “They are doing damage, General.” Hux does not look up. “Sorry?” The throat that the voice belongs to clears itself. The voice inside it shakes. “The oscillator, sir. It’s destabilizing. Rapidly.” “Begin evacuation.” “Sir?” Hux lifts his eyes. The man’s face is pale; his upper lip glitters with sweat. The man winces at Hux’s look. “Initiate evacuation proceedings.” The coldness in Hux’s voice clashes with the confusion of his blood, the heat itching under his clothes. “Do it now.” “The Supreme Leader desires a word with you, General. Sir.” Hux turns off the footage, tosses the datapad onto the floor. “Ready my shuttle.” “Of course, sir.” Hux stands. He adjusts his collar. He straightens the front of his tunic with a single sharp tug. “Make sure Dr. Tash is on it.” “I will do that, sir.” Where he is, there’s…water. Heat. A stir of air makes goosebumps on his skin. There’s no light, not yet, but it’s coming. He feels it. He’s sure that it’s water; here, there’s a murmur of motion, of soft slapping waves and a moan of restlessness beneath the surface. He knows the sound, its hollowness. The echoes. He tries to move. Other sounds exist, but they’re muffled. Loud, chaotic, but made to pass through layers of density. He thinks that maybe it’s war, or something like it. But it’s out there. Not important. In here, in the warmth, he’s in the water. It’s silky. There’s a delicate waft of steam. Certain scents float into his nose; he thinks they’re coming from flowers, or leaves, or grass. Living plants. There’s a scent of wild water, a body of it somewhere, breathing and undulating, salt and waves and wind. Sunlight moving through a humid and breathable atmosphere, hitting naked soil, heating it up. His hands seek and find skin that doesn’t belong to him; his fingers find flesh-padded rounds of bone, slide down the rising and falling slope of another’s abdomen. Light comes. Filters in, at first it’s red, then orange, it’s tinted by blood, by skin. He wants to open his eyes but can’t, not yet. There’s a breath. The skin is slick, wet. The body is lean, its ribs delicate, the hips flaring, conjured out of heat and dream. It comes to his fingertips, summoned out of darkness by the intent of his touch. He moves his hands. His ears fill with underwater breath. Kylo? He struggles but his eyelids are heavy. Hands land on his, smaller than his. Touch. They crawl out of the sensation, hesitant, small hot fingertips slipping between his knuckles. The light, so white, so strong, so sharp---it pours in and he winces his eyes shut. Kylo? A sigh moves through the body, shifts inside the skin, and the intake of breath lifts it up---lifts her up--- brings weight. Ivako covers him. His sight caught inside the red, he moves his hand up over her ribs, slides them down, finds ridges of hipbones. He navigates by them. He touches a thigh. He slides his palm up and the leg moves itself into the friction of his touch. Is that you? Somewhere beyond the walls, over the horizon, there are rattling explosive panic sounds. Voices disarticulated, scattered into piles of nonsense syllables. A series of concussions. He opens his eyes. Sunlight, crisp and yellow. Water. Marble. Wet. He’s in a bathtub. The water’s shallow and hot and perfumed. Ivako is in the water with him; she reclines into his body, her hips disappearing between his thighs, her pussy drowned in the white water, her limbs soft and tired. A thin lace of bubbles breaks apart on the water’s surface. Her chest and neck and face and breasts are pink with heat. Wind, the movement of air, warmth, the sound of wind, sheer white curtains fluttering. “Yes, I’m here.” Kylo rubs the bridge of his nose on her velvet scalp. He dips his hands into the water. “It’s me.” Her breath softened by voice. Mouth open. Her forehead dewed with sweat. Eyes closed. Wispy gold lashes. The long side of her hair trails in the water, floats into fans of brown silk. Her head turns. Tethered to her breath, her voice cracks a little, sounds dry. “Who’s Ben?” Kylo picks up a huge sponge off the bottom of the tub, lifts it through the surface of the water. It trails heavy drops. He squeezes it, floods her neck and breasts. She shifts on him. Slosh of water. “Shhhhhh,” he murmurs. “We’re washing now.” He brings his mouth close to her ear, whispers. “It doesn’t matter.” But--- Pain surfaces in his body. He grits his teeth. It gnaws on his ribs, kindles a dull fire that pushes roots down into the soft of his left flank. His breath gets tight. “Kylo?” She half-whimpers, half-sighs. Her eyelashes flutter, lift themselves off the rounds of her cheeks. She lifts a hand to the side of his face, her fingers leave droplets of water on his jaw. “Is that you?” He fills his hands with her breasts, squeezes. “Yes.” “Is this Nambi?” Ivako arches up into his touch. “Are we here together?” Kylo looks at the pink marble, the curtains; he squints into the light, sees vibrant fuchsia petals skittering across the floor. The distance beyond the rectangle cut in the wall is all vicious squirming glitter and blue haze. “Yes.” He smells warm sand, ocean tides. “This is Nambi, but…” He picks up the sponge. She slides her hand over his wrist, covers his hand with hers; she makes circles with her thumb. He makes circles on her belly with the sponge. You and I were never here. Not in this place . He squeezes a gush of water across her throat; she turns her mouth toward his. Not together. “I think this is a dream.” He closes his eyes and loses the sensation of water, of the sponge still in his hand. Her head rolls. She trails her fingers across his mouth. Maybe. I don’t know . He closes his eyes, rests his mouth on her cheek. “Where are you?” He sighs. “I want you.” Please forgive me. Water. Heat. Wind. Taste of steam, of flowers; her hair on him wet, the harbor of her body, the scent of her breath. The presence of the ocean is everywhere. I love you. Pain stings in his eyes, tightens in his jaws, burns in his lungs. He opens his mouth. His arms and legs get heavy. He shivers. His hands make fists. Her hands land on his knees, soft. Who’s Ben? His ability to make words is caught, trapped and trembling in the curtains. He knots up his eyebrows. The effort of it makes him weak, makes him sweat. “I am.” I’m bleeding! I’m--- Ivako’s breathing quickens, gets shallow. “Kylo!” Adrenaline punches him in the gut. It sharpens his breath, undoes the joints in his legs. His heartbeat goes wild. Ivako starts to cry. The worming sound of it, halting, jagged, low and animal, it pierces his skin. It crawls into his veins. He breathes harder. He grips the sides of the tub. Her hands wriggle down, bury themselves in her clenched thighs. Her body shakes. She whimpers. “I’m bleeding.” Kylo watches the blood bloom in the milky water. It makes ponderous billowing red-orange clouds. No . He grits his teeth. His flank rips the rest of the way open. He struggles not to scream. It’s not you. “He…uh.” Dr. Tash clears her throat. “He keeps fighting off the chemical restraints, sir.” “I see.” “He is stable, and he’s adequately medicated for pain.” She looks down, her hands clasped behind her back. “I’m afraid he does not like me much.” “Lord Ren’s esteem is a dubious prize, subject to the whims and vagaries of his extraordinarily underdeveloped temperament.” Hux closes his eyes, pinches the bridge of his nose. He sighs. “I wouldn’t lose sleep over it if I were you.” Dr. Tash’s eyebrows go up. Hux opens his eyes. “Did you restrain him in the conventional way?” “Yes, sir.” “Status?” “The patient is currently status two. I have debrided and stitched the wound in his side, and as the patient is rather agitated, there is some risk that he’ll pull the stitches loose. Hence the use of physical restraints. As for pain management, I have maxed out his dosages.” She looks Hux in the eyes. “Were I to give him any more, there would be…risks.” “I see.” “Will you be requiring anything else of me?” Dr. Tash looks in his eyes, flushes. “Directly, that is?” “No, I don’t think so.” Hux stands. “Thank you, doctor.” Her head turns. “Where are you going?” Hux moves past her. “To have a word with the patient.” Chapter 3 : Tears and Nightblooming Jasmine Hux steps into the medbay, closes the door behind him. There’s little light. It’s bluish, chilled, it bleaches out all the pale surfaces, flattens the shadows, makes the metal gleam. The mellow rhythmic beep of the life-monitor floats atop a quiet hum of white noise. Ren’s breathing, rough and chaotic, wet and shuddering, rips into the silence. Hux strides to Ren’s bedside. There’s a chrome black leather stool. He situates it beneath him, takes a seat. Ren’s on his back. He clutches the dove-gray blankets, white sheets disturbed at his feet, his long body shivering. The skin around his eyes is thin, dusky; his mouth bruise-purple. His bony face is translucent, the pale skin drenched in sweat. His mouth trembles. His eyes are unfocused. Hux tugs on the fingertips of one glove until the fingers loosen away from his skin. He glances at Ren’s face. He eases the glove off. Ren’s head rolls on the flattened pillow. Loops of hair cling to his cheeks. His mouth opens, just hangs. His gaze, soft and floaty, roams somewhere over Hux’s head. The corners twitch. Hux places the glove in his lap. He lifts his other hand, pulls at the leather sheathing his thumb. “Dr. Bah,” Ren whispers. “I…I…w-want…” His eyes roll back for a flickering moment and he squeezes them shut, winces. He opens them, focuses his dilated pupils on Hux’s face. “H-Her.” He swallows. “ Her .” “Did you know,” says Hux, sliding the glove off, “that currently you have enough pharmaceuticals in your blood to anesthetize a being six time your size? Yet…you are both conscious and lucid.” His tone is mild. He places one glove on top of the other. “I must say, that’s rather impressive.” Ren’s hands curl into fists, press into the mattress. His mouth tightens into a line. “Where is she?” Hux sets the gloves on a tray table. “You really must stop fighting the drugs,” he drawls. “You have no control over your body while in this state. You’ll pull your stitches.” Ren’s eyelashes flutter. He opens his eyes. His breathing quickens. “I want Dr. Bah.” “She’s not here.” “Then go…g-go…” Ren bares his teeth, winces. His breath shallows. Fresh beads of sweat swell along his hairline, make snail-trails down his face. “Go…and get h-her.” Hux lifts an eyebrow. “I’m sorry, Lord Ren.” He unsheathes a cold, narrow, brittle little smile. “You see, I’m afraid I can’t do that.” Ren narrows his eyes, grinds his voice down into a harsh half-whisper. “Why not?” Hux wheels the stool closer to the bed. He grabs the bedrails, leans over. “I can’t.” He lowers his voice, turns it velvet-soft. “Because she left you.” Ren blinks several times, rapid-fire. He searches the ceiling. He shakes his head. “No,” he whispers. “Yes.” “No!” His voice cracks up out of a whisper. His brows tense. His bottom lip quivers. “She wouldn’t.” “And why is that?” Hux sneers, tilting his head. “Because she loves you?” Ren balls one hand into a fist, tightens his mouth. He pushes his wound into his knuckles until his mouth blanches and the thin color swoons out of his face. His breath quickens. His eyes squeeze shut. “She wouldn’t,” he gasps. “Well then, perhaps you’ll allow me to list all the ways in which she loves you.” Hux straightens, a corner of his mouth hooking into a cruel smile. “Do you permit me, Ren?” Ren closes his eyes, sneers. He gives Hux both middle fingers. Hux laughs. “She loves you so very much, your loyal doctor, that she broke your prisoner out of interrogation, smuggled her off Starkiller Base using forged credentials, and boarded a shuttle to Nambi Outpost…” A delicate half-smile drifts across his lips. “Where she and the prisoner, your little scavenger girl from Jakku, promptly disappeared. A rousing show of affection, wouldn’t you say?” Ren’s eyes flutter open, disoriented and wet. Hux looks down his nose. “What?” His voice softens. He lifts his eyebrows. “She didn’t bother to discuss this with you first? To send you flowers? Leave you a note?” Ren’s eyes dart around the ceiling, spill over with tears. “She wouldn’t,” he husks. Hux bends over the edge of the bed. He glares into Ren’s face, enunciates each word. He raises his voice. “She did .” Tears slide into Ren’s ears. “I don’t believe you.” Hux drops his voice to a silky whisper. “Then why are you crying?” “Hurts,” he gasps, breath shuddering. His eyebrows knot. Sweat soaks his upper lip. He sniffles. “To stay awake.” Hux purses his lips. “I see.” The words come out clipped and sticky-sweet. “For her? If so, I feel all of your ardor is wasted.” Ren narrows his eyes. His breathing shudders. He clenches his jaw, flares his nostrils and Hux feels heat on his skin, a crackle of electricity snapping from hair to hair, the roots pricking. His scalp goes numb. A tightening happens around Hux’s throat, it’s diffuse at first, soft and ruthless, then all at once it clamps down, cuts off his air. Ren smirks. Hux’s eyes start to water. He opens his mouth, tries to cough. His fingers crawl up around his neck. Ren bares his teeth. Hux’s eyes widen. “Fuck you,” Ren whispers. The pressure at his throat jerks into a sudden powerful momentum that tears Hux’s feet off the floor and sends him flying across the room. He slams into the door, lands in a pile. Ren whimpers a little, turns his face away from the door. “L-Leave me alone.” Hux picks himself up, dusts himself off. He rubs his throat with one hand and straightens out his hair with the other. He tugs down the front of his tunic. “I’d admire your sense of romanticism if you weren’t so fucking pathetic about it.” The door opens. Hux whirls around. “Is everything all right in here?” Dr. Tash steps into the room. She looks at Hux. “I heard something like a crash?” Ren raises his voice. “T-Take him out of here.” His voice cracks. “I w-want to be alone.” “He’s awake!” Dr. Tash trots to the IV machine, activates its screen. Her voice is full of wonder. “He shouldn’t be awake, let alone possess the coherence to speak. This is rather unusual, I apologize, Lord Ren, you must be extremely uncomfortable.” “Don’t,” Ren whispers. “Yes, well,” says Hux, clearing his throat. “I take it you have little to no experience dealing with Force-adept patients?” “You’re right.” Dr. Tash brings up a screen, flicks through lines of text. “I don’t.” She taps a box, flips to another page. “Of course, Dr. Bah taught me how to calculate for a Force-adept metabolism based on a median twenty-four-hour MC count, but the patient has not been in medbay for twenty-four hours and even if he had been we don’t have the resources to run a twenty-four-hour count. If the patient has had one drawn in the past, I do not have access to those records.” She walks to a cabinet, withdraws a small towel. “Not for Lord Ren.” She looks at Hux, flashes him a demure smile. “Dr. Bah let me practice on her instead.” “I can upgrade your medical security clearance.” Hux glances at her. “I don’t know if you’ll find what you’re seeking there, but I do consider it my obligation to provide you with the opportunity to do so.” Dr. Tash blots the sweat off Ren’s face. “Thank you, sir.” Ren searches her eyes. He grits his teeth. “Get him out.” Dr. Tash wipes the tears off his face. “Why?” “Because h-he’s an asshole.” “Is that true?” Dr. Tash glances at Hux, looks him over. Her expression is cool. “Have you been antagonizing my patient, General?” “Yes,” gasps Ren. Hux arches an eyebrow. He clasps his hands behind his back. “Your patient?” “Yes.” Her full mouth turns to stone. She stares him down. “Since I am the only doctor present on this shuttle, he is my patient.” Hux snorts. “While I have subjected him to a bit of unpleasant conversation, I would hardly classify such as antagonization.” Ren catches his breath. “He…i-is taking advantage of…of my wounded s-state.” He closes his eyes. “Doctor.” “Lord Ren.” Hux tugs down his cuffs. “Are you implying that I take any sort of pleasure in making you cry?” He straightens his collar. “Because I can assure you that I most emphatically do not.” Ren glares at him. “Why d-don’t y-you go f-f-fuh-uck your m-mother some m-more?” Hux curls his lip. “Classy.” “That’s enough,” snaps Dr. Tash, glaring back and forth. “Both of you. Stop it.” Ren lets his head fall, winces. A chill creeps into Dr. Tash’s voice. “General, I am going to advise that you leave the patient to me.” She straightens Ren’s blankets, keeps her mouth tight. She doesn’t look at Hux. “You may return when he’s a fit enough state to participate in whatever you’re referring to as discourse.” Hux stares at her. His mouth twitches. Dr. Tash straightens Ren’s IV tubing. She arches an eyebrow, keeps her attention on her fingers. “How long, sir, until we arrive at Nambi Outpost?” Hux blinks at the formality of her diction. “We are due to reach orbit at twenty-one fifteen, doctor.” Dr. Tash adjusts Ren’s pillow. She blots his forehead with the towel. “And what time is it now?” Hux glances at the chrono readout next to the bed. He clears his throat. “It is nineteen fifty-five, doctor.” “Tell me.” Dr. Tash straightens up, folds her arms. She turns. “Are you incapable of performing simple math, General?” The pointed weight of her gaze falls on him and a slight flush warms his cheekbones. He lifts his chin. “I do hope it is not your intent to indulge in this level of insolence, doctor.” Dr. Tash’s mouth flushes. She cuts her eyes to the life-monitor, watches the readouts on its screen. “No, of course not.” She looks in Hux’s eyes. “Sir.” She lowers her voice. “My apologies.” “To answer your second question…yes.” Hux watches her face. “I am capable of performing simple math. If you will so kind, Dr. Tash, as to disregard my prior answer, I do hope that you will accept my apologies regarding its deplorable lack of clarity.” She blushes. “Of course.” He smiles a little. “The answer to your first question is approximately one hour twenty minutes.” She bites her lip. “Thank you, sir.” Ren snorts. “I’m sorry?” Hux raises his voice. “I didn’t quite hear that, Ren.” Ren gives him the finger. Dr. Tash unfolds her arms. “I trust the medcenter at the outpost is state-of-the-art?” “Yes, doctor.” Hux looks at her. “Of course it is.” “I’ll radio ahead.” She sweeps long fine hairs out of her face. “I’ll have them fill the bacta tank. I don’t think he’ll require a lot of time in it, though. His physiology seems to be…remarkably efficient.” Hux clasps his hands behind his back. He lifts his chin, keeps his eyes on her face. “Are you ordering me to leave, Dr. Tash?” “Not ordering.” She tilts her head. “Asking.” Her half-smile flickers, goes soft. “Sir.” “Very well.” Hux brings his heels together. “I shall get out of your way, then.” He bows his head. “Carry on.” “I will do that, sir.” Rey’s flopped all over the chaise, looking out through the balcony doors. She’s mesmerized by the dense glitter of stars. The lights in the room burn low, shaded and tuned down into a warm honey shade. It mixes with the blue tones from outside, dark sky and starlight filtered through a mingled haze of streetlamps, neons, bursts of ambient window light tinted pink and purple and rose by jewel-toned curtains. “I can’t sleep anymore,” Rey mutters, shifting her legs. “I keep trying, but…” She blows out a breath, watches the ceiling. “I don’t know.” “Nights are long here.” Ivako’s out of bed, her hair loose, a thin purple cotton caftan hanging from her shoulders. She picks up their bags, opens them. She dumps them out onto the bed. “They are at this time of year, anyway.” Rey watches her. “How long?” “Fifteen hours? I don’t know.” Ivako shrugs a shoulder, spreads clothes and shoes and hygiene kits out on the bedspread. “I’m not as familiar with the northern hemisphere.” Rey peels the thin blanket off her legs. She heaves herself up, walks to the balcony’s threshold. Her hair is down too; she’s dressed in one of Ivako’s First Order undertunics and nothing else. She leans against the doorframe, looks at the lights of the settlement. “What do people do all night?” Palm fronds rattle in the wind. The hot scent of gardenias is strong. Ivako holds up a tank top, inspects it. She tosses it aside. “Whatever they do during the day, I guess.” Rey looks over her shoulder. “Should we go out?” Ivako’s eyebrows go up. “Do you want to?” Rey turns around. “I could use something to eat, yeah.” “I know a girl bar.” Ivako shrugs, tugs a pair of pants out from beneath a first-aid kit. “Well…I used to.” She shakes them out. “I don’t know if it’s still there or not.” A puff of wind brings the sound of women’s voices, engines, a low and pulsing backbeat muted and distorted with distance. Rey breaks into a mischievous grin. “Girl bar?” She folds her arms. “Is that what I think it is?” Ivako laughs, folds the pants. “If you think a girl bar is a cantina full of girls who like girls, then…yeah, a girl bar is exactly what you think it is.” Rey shifts the position of her shoulder. “There was nothing like that on Jakku, at least not where I was.” She crosses her ankles. A wistful expression drifts onto her face. “More’s the pity, really.” “Well, there’s a lot of that here. Girl bars…boy bars…just plain old bars, and dance halls, and brothels, and…well, let’s just say that the outpost supports a lot of establishments where their business is your pleasure.” “I can’t even imagine First Order personnel in a place like that.” “Imagine it.” Ivako stacks a folded shirt on top of a pair of folded pants. “Because you’ll probably see it.” Rey pushes herself off the doorframe. She steps down into the room, gathers her hair back. “But I thought the Order frowned on things like that?” “Oh, it does. All that frowning, though, is largely to do with activity within the outpost rather than outside of it.” Ivako steps back, looks at the bed for a moment. “It’s understood on the down low that folks need to blow off steam, and officers will look the other way within certain acceptable limits.” She begins the process of sorting out piles. She glances at Rey, smiles a little. “Of course there are always those who overstep the limits, and when that happens, consequences are swift and unpleasant.” “A girl bar sounds like fun.” Rey walks toward her. “It sounds like a lot of fun, actually. How about the food there? Is it any good?” “If the place I remember is still there, then yeah. The food is amazing.” Ivako empties the first aid kit and arranges medical supplies, counts them out into rows. “The music’s good, and the women who hang out there are looking for a good time.” Rey slaps a hand over her mouth. She snickers. Her eyes sparkle. “Are you trying to get me laid?” Ivako grins, tucks the medical supplies back into the first aid kit. “I am totally trying to get you laid.” “Oh my…I can’t believe you.” Rey laughs, blushes. She swats Ivako’s shoulder. “You’re terrible.” “Hey, look…if you want to kiss a girl tonight, I’m going to try to make that happen for you.” Ivako turns. “I don’t think it will take much effort, either.” Rey goes to the foot of the bed, wrestles the curtains aside. “I didn’t have very good luck on Jakku.” “That has a lot more to do with Jakku than it does about you.” Rey sits. She tilts her head. “Do you really think so?” “Yes!” Ivako folds a tunic. “You’re cute. I’m willing to bet, if we do end up going out, that before the night is through you’ll have gangs of Nambian girls queuing up to sit on your face.” “Of all the…” Rey rolls her eyes. “Gods!” She giggles. “Look at you, you’re unbelievable.” “Unbelievably right, about this one thing.” Ivako stacks three folded tops, pushes them toward Rey. “You watch. It’ll happen.” “And what about you?” Rey picks her bag up off the floor. She puts it in her lap, unzips it. “What are you going to do about all the ladies queuing up to sit on your face?” “I’m going to pick out a corner table, nurse a single virgin drink, and play the ice queen all night,” Ivako says, laughing. “I’m pretty good at it, actually.” Rey tucks the folded clothing into her bag. “That doesn’t sound like a lot of fun for you.” “Sure it is. Besides, this is for you and not me.” Ivako shakes out another tunic, starts to fold it. “Things are going to get difficult soon enough, might as well grab a few hours to relax while you still can. I can sympathize with your loneliness.” Ivako pauses. “I remember what that’s like.” Rey slides her bag off her lap. She dumps it onto the bed, turns toward Ivako and pulls her legs up. She folds them. “Aren’t you lonely too, though?” Ivako’s face goes still. “No.” “So why did you leave, then?” “I told you.” She neatens a pile of folded clothes. “Safety reasons, mostly. I have a baby on the way. I have to be…practical, about certain things. Well, about everything.” Rey fiddles with the hem of the undertunic. She softens her voice. “Should I believe you?” Ivako’s mouth quirks into a line. She shrugs a shoulder. “That’s up to you.” “Did you…do you…did…” Rey lets out a harsh sigh, shakes her head. “Oh for fuck’s sake, I don’t know.” She leans into the bedpost. “Is there love there, for you?” She glances at Ivako’s face. “With him?” Ivako re-packs the first aid kit. She shakes her head. “It doesn’t matter.” “How can you say that?” Ivako looks up. “Because it’s true?” “What about---?” “The BC chip doesn’t always work, particularly when Force sensitives are involved.” Ivako picks up a pile of folded clothes, slides it into the bag. “Especially when Force sensitives are involved. It’s one of the first things I learned at school. It’s also one of the first things I completely fucking forgot about, I probably don’t have to say.” Warm wind stirs through the curtains, carries in the scents of wood smoke, warm stone, burnt sugar, gardenias, jasmine, sprinklers, cooking meat. “No.” Rey pushes the curtains off her shoulders. “I guess not.” “Besides, it was a mistake. A baby doesn’t have to mean anything.” Rey watches her face. “I’m sorry.” Ivako looks at her. “For what?” “Bringing it up, I guess. I didn’t mean to upset you.” “You didn’t.” Rey unfolds one of the shirts, looks at it. “So why not get a girl for yourself?” Ivako pushes her bag away. “I’m not ready.” Rey drapes the shirt across her lap. “I can see how that might be.” Ivako folds her arms, turns. “Do you want to go?” “Yeah, I’d love to.” Rey shoves the shirt aside. “Will it be safe, though? I suppose people are looking for us. Don’t you think?” “Of course they are. You can’t go out in your old clothes,” says Ivako. “For one thing, they’re still covered in blood and for another they’re part of the description of you that the Order’s put out. Those, and any uniform parts, are not an option.” Rey picks up the shirt, starts to fold it. “What am I going to wear, then?” “Do you trust me to go out and buy something for you?” The room fades into white noise, softens the sounds of breath with artificial silence. “Here’s what I am going to do.” Kylo’s teeth chatter. Dr. Tash pulls a datapad out of its bedside pocket. “I’m going to dial back the dosages on your chemical restraints.” She flicks through a couple of screens. “It’s clear to me that what it’s taking for you to fight them is putting your body in a considerable amount of distress.” She glances at him. “Is that correct, Lord Ren?” “Y-Yes.” “Of course, you could choose to cease fighting them, and fall into a heavy and likely dreamless sleep.” Dr. Tash puts the datapad back into its pocket, moves to his IV unit. “It would absolutely help you heal faster. That’s not an option for you, though, is it?” Kylo coughs, watches her tap in a list of new pharmaceutical orders. He half-whispers. “Where is Dr. Bah?” “Last I knew, she had taken the shuttle to Nambi Outpost.” She finishes up, punches a green button. “Whether or not she is still there, I’m sorry to say I have no idea.” Kylo’s chin trembles. “Hux says she left.” He stiffens his jaw, looks at the ceiling. “That she t-took the prisoner with h-her and l-left.” “I’m very sorry.” He shakes his head. He squeezes his eyes shut. “Don’t.” “I…I-I suppose that I would say it was as much of a shock to me as it was to you, but…” She backs away from the bed, looks at his face. “That’s not exactly true, is it?” His eyes fill with tears. He swallows and his voice husks down into a papery whisper. “Don’t.” The IV unit beeps. Dr. Tash looks at it. “There. The orders have taken complete effect.” She gives him a small smile. “I’m not sure how long it will take, due to your rather unique metabolism, but quite soon there will be a lot less for you to fight.” His breath flutters through his nose. He closes his eyes. Tears slide down his temples, soak into his hair. “Thank you.” “There will still be pain, of course.” She keeps her eyes on his face. “I do think you will feel much better, however.” His brow creases. “I can take the pain.” Dr. Tash’s voice softens. “I don’t doubt that.” He shivers. “You going to take these restraints off?” “No.” She brushes hair off her face. “I don’t think so.” “Why not?” “I don’t think that’s in my best interest.” Dr. Tash grabs the stool, plops down on it. She hooks her heels on its bottommost rungs. “Do you?” “They won’t hold me.” He studies her face, gives her body a quick once-over. His mouth slants. “Unless I want them to.” Her smile turns slight. “Is that so.” He glowers at her. “Yes.” “How are you feeling now?” He takes a shaky breath. “Better.” Dr. Tash glances at the monitor. “It looks like your blood pressure has come down. That’s a good thing. Would you like some water, or perhaps something else to drink?” “No…” He closes his eyes. Color returns to his face. “I-I don’t think so.” Dr. Tash looks at his face. “We’ll be on Nambi soon.” Kylo's mouth twitches. She watches the life-monitor. “You’re going to go after her, aren’t you?” His eyes open. “I know I can’t keep you.” She looks in his eyes. “Our little experiment with chemical restraint taught me that much, and when you say that the physical restraints can’t hold you, I am not foolish enough to go ahead and disbelieve you.” She gives him a slight smirk. “I imagine that…right now…we’re playing a waiting game, you and I.” He watches her face. “We aren’t close enough yet,” she continues, “but when we are, you’ll do…what? I don’t really know.” She shrugs. “I can’t even hazard a guess. I don’t know enough about the Force. But it will be something.” His mouth opens. He blinks. Dr. Tash wheels herself close to the edge of the bed. She puts her hands on the bedrail, rests her chin on it. Her eyebrows twitch. Her voice drops down into a half-whisper. “I won’t try to stop you.” He blinks. “Why not?” She puts her forearms on the bedrail. She smiles a little, rests her chin on the backs of her hands. “Call me a romantic.” Kylo blushes, looks away. “Hux is not a forgiving man.” “You could do something about that.” She straightens up, tilts her head. She studies his face. “Couldn’t you?” “I don’t know.” He looks in her eyes. “What did you have in mind?” “I feel like you could put me out, if you wanted to. Extinguish my lights as it were. Hmmm…could you perhaps alter my memory somehow? Provide me with missing time? Maybe…” She smiles a little. “Give me the gift of amnesia?” He holds her gaze. “Yes.” “Will you do that?” His voice softens. “Yes.” “Does it hurt?” He shakes his head. “No.” She sets her jaw. “All right, then.” She shrugs. Her smile thins. “I guess it’s settled.” “I don’t…understand.” He lowers his voice. “Why would you do this for me?” Dr. Tash snorts. “I’m not doing it for you.” She favors him a single pointed look, turns her eyes toward the wall. “I’m doing it for her.” His brow furrows. “Why?” She folds her arms. “Because she gave up her former life to cross ten thousand kilometers of desert on two land speeders and a freighter. I feel that’s worth something, even if you…and the General…do not.” Kylo closes his eyes, sighs. “It means something to me.” “Good. It should.” “I see Hux told you the story.” “Yes.” Dr. Tash tightens her arms. “Yes he did.” She firms up her mouth. “I’m doing this because whether she knows it or not, whether it’s a good idea or not, whether it’s completely fucking stupid or not…” She lets out a long heavy sigh, shakes her head. She looks down. “She loves you.” “I’m not sure you’re right about that,” he mumbles. She snorts. “Despite General Hux’s undying idealization of both platonic and patriotic love, no woman quietly throws her entire life away for anything but a man.” She shrugs. “Or woman, I suppose, if she goes that way.” She rolls her eyes, toes the bedframe. “Trust me, I would know.” “Hux is not a forgiving man.” “Yes.” Dr. Tash fiddles with the hem of her tunic. She studies her fingers. “I know. You have already said as much.” “He’ll be hard on you.” Kylo’s eyes seek hers. His mouth quirks into a brief smile. “Regardless.” Dr. Tash arches an eyebrow. “I can handle myself, Lord Ren.” “She does like you, you know. Dr. Bah.” He pauses. “Ivako. In spite of everything.” Dr. Tash looks up. “Oh?” “She talks about you a lot.” “Is that so?” He nods. “She says that you’re exceptionally intelligent, a quick learner, dedicated to your work, and that you’re even tougher than you are brilliant.” He smiles and it’s full but fleeting; it shows white uneven teeth, digs deep dimples into his cheeks. “I think she admires your toughness most of all.” She flushes and looks down, starts to grin. “Well. That’s lovely to hear.” She glances at him. “She’s rather tough herself, isn’t she?” His voice softens, cracks into a flash of vulnerability. “Yes.” She stands up, circles around to his IV machine. “How is your pain?” He follows her with his eyes. “I’m handling it.” “We’ll approach orbit in forty.” She takes a deep breath, lets it out. She folds her hands. She looks in his eyes. “Shall we begin soon, then?” “Yes. Soon.” “All right.” She nods, straightens the front of her tunic. “I am ready whenever you are.” Her smile is quick and tremulous. “Lord Ren.” He shakes his head. “Kylo.” "Very well.” She nods. “Of course.” His eyes move over her face and he studies the high flat shapes of her cheekbones, her smooth ivory brow, her narrow nose. The takes in the sharpness of her jaw, the dusky fullness of her mouth, and for the first time, in the low cold light, he sees her haughty loveliness, her elegance, how the darkness of her eyes might bring to mind slow tides dreaming beneath a midnight-black sky. He imagines a long-necked flower, pale and dewy, translucent at the tips of its petals, crushed into bruises by the stacked heel of a shiny black boot. He clears his throat. “Dr. Tash.” He lowers his voice, softens it up. “Ineris.” “Yes, Kylo?” He looks in her eyes, half-whispers. “You will remove these restraints at once.” “Of course.” She steps up to the bed, bends over. Both hands go to his left wrist. Her fingers ease the leather off the post of its buckle. “I will remove these restraints at once.” He watches her hands. “When you’re done with that, you will go to the supply closet and bring me a surgical tray.” “Yes,” she sighs, smiles a little. “Of course, Kylo. When I am done with this, I will go to the supply closet and bring you a surgical tray.” He lets his head fall back into the pillow, lets out a sigh. He closes his eyes. Waits. Chapter 4 : Rubies on the Stone There’s quiet, too much of it. Ground yourself. The scalpel hovers over the skin. He looks at the blade, watches the gleam of the metal, the shadow it makes on his skin. His veins underneath. Blue. Use a memory. He’s cold. He bites his lip. Jaw shivering. Kylo cuts. “Use a memory.” He winces. “Ground yourself.” Scrounge up a half a gram of decorum. Fake it. My programming does not allow for faking it, doctor, but I will do my best. First cold, then hot. Spreading heat, reaching out. Like a herald riding on the thump of his heartbeat, pain. Then…ragged breath, its everywhere, the gnawing of it, the march forward. Conflagration. PAIN. Kylo struggles to keep his eyes open. He struggles against the urge to stop. This constitutes a major breach of ethics, doctor. I’m afraid I can’t do that. Did you file a report on me, you little tin can piece of shit? The smell of blood. It’s like his anger, when he cuts something down. Strong. The scent of metal yielding to plasma. Wet. Slippery. There’s so much of it. So much. The moment I enter hibernation mode, someone will contact you from headquarters and regardless of whether or not you choose to answer a dispatch will be sent from Coruscant to investigate. There is no need to file a report. You’re a nickel-plated cunt, Sweets. I find your language offensive, doctor. Sweat rolls off the tip of his nose. Drips. There’s fat beneath the skin, a thin scrim, yellow. His meat. He studies it. Cheap cuts, reddish, veins laid bare. So much blood. An ocean in his body. A red tide rising. Initiate override. Your continued well-being is my business, doctor. I must advise you that this course of action is not in your best interest. Initiate override now. He pushes fingertips to fascia. It does not relent. He picks up the scalpel. His naked fingers soaked, slippery red going to sticky purple. “Use a memory.” The patient gives no fucks, Sweets, and neither do I. The clinic. Nambi. How long ago? The room underground. Its underwater light. He slices into fascia and his sight grays out, goes swimmy at the edges. The patient a trained Force adept of exceptional capabilities, a skilled warrior, a known associate of the First Order, and considered by the Republic to be both armed and extremely dangerous. You should not be left alone with him. Sweat runs into his eyes. He pushes his thumb into barenaked raw red muscle that twitches, tenses, gets stiff. “Ground yourself,” he pants. Initiate the fucking override codes, Sweets. Forgive me, doctor. You are not in the correct state of mind to be making this kind of decision. He touches bone, slick. Living. Palest pink, a color like…blossoms. Seashells. He slides his thumb on the (periosteum---that’s it, embedded there, what she calls it---periosteum) and he bites down on a guttural groan. Feels it. The rest of his muscles trembling, clenching tight. Nausea like news from a distant country. A slim tube of metal, lightweight, wires embedding. His hand shakes. He drops the scalpel. He picks up a pair of pliers. Med-droid model number BB10-6591, you will initiate your override codes right fucking now I am begging you to reconsider Initiate override codes that’s an order Ivako please don’t do this it is not in your best interest Override code is [_____________] He doesn’t remember can’t too much breaks one wire loses consciousness swoons back into reality breaks another wire it goes snap he screams screams the pain is everywhere noise is everywhere it locks his breath THE PAIN Please repeat Kylo breaks another wire-root, pulls it out. The slim metal tube loosens away from him. It loses its grip on his bone, separates from the anterior proximal surface of his left radius , a location approximately one centimeter below his radial tuberosity , the bump of bone where the tendon of his biceps brachii anchors itself. It’s tiny, the length of a finger joint, all the wires snap, they’re old after all, gone fragile inside the heat and corrosion of a body; they’ve been wrestling his growth matrix for fifteen years. He tugs it out of his body. Holds it up. Cold white light. Blood gone blue, gone black. It looks like…trash. Scrap, discard, a thing that was once…what? Anything. Pieces. Wreckage. It’s broken itself free, adrift; it burned itself to a stump passing through layers of atmosphere to obey the irresistible law of gravity. The blood wipes away, washes clean. He does it with his fingers. He does it with his hair. The metal gleams, dumb and gray. The pain comes back. It falls everywhere, clogs him, gone soft. Like ash. It burns through him, pulls all of his senses out of focus. He blinks. Thinks. Entering hibernation in three…two…one…seconds. He wants to break it. He breathes hard, his head hanging, his skin wet, a stone-smell packed in his nose; he wavers in and out, imagines it happening. He sees it clear: with pliers, the scalpel, something heavy crushing, the heel of his boot. His lightsaber sputtering hot, crackling, making a tiny blob of glowing red-orange melt. Kylo closes his eyes. What are you going to tell them? His voice, in his mind. That…uh…that SU3-T5 showed a considerable delay in logic processing, and for the continued safety of the clinic it was in the Galactic Health Organization’s best interest that I put her into hibernation until more extensive examinations upon her logic circuits can be performed? Her voice, the memory of it. That’s impressive. Do you always lie so efficiently? Thank you, and fuck you very much, since I just lost my job. Not that it matters. I hated this fucking job anyway. I was going to quit at the end of my deployment. The Galactic Health Organization doesn’t award these placements to just anyone. A lot of your colleagues competed with you for this job. He said. She said. Kylo lets the metal tracker fall onto the bed. The girl bar is where Ivako remembers it---housed within in a narrow building in the swing zone between the market district and the pleasure district---but now there’s more of it; the bar, called Oasis, has expanded up through the top floor and onto the roof, where there are embroidered canopies and colored-glass lanterns, silken alcoves stuffed with plush banquettes and glossy lacquered tables, potted palms, hookahs, meandering vines of nightblooming jasmine, candles nestled in cut-tin holders. Music pulses up and down through the levels, gilded electronic grinding over smoky backbeats. It’s primitive, spare vocals scattered into pressure points used to redirect the rhythm, glide it like hands shivering down a spine. Bass hums and throbs into the soles of the feet, the palms of the hands. The voices themselves are distilled into pure rise and lilt---the animal desire of women dug deep out of the belly, perfumed, turned loose on a breath. Ivako leans into purple velvet upholstery. There’s a drink in her hand, the glass coated with the thinnest layer of water, cold, its ice cubes clinking; she watches the sunken center of the roof. The bodies are packed-in, swaying, she sees an ocean of skin and shadows, white and brown and black, glittering fish-scale sequins chipping off bits of wild red and pink and orange light and scattering them. They make galaxies out of bodies, whirlpools out of breasts, waves out of hips. There’s a lot of long loose hair. Jewelry. Painted mouths. Naked skin. She catches glimpses of First Order tattoos on more than one bare shoulder. She brings the glass to her mouth, touches the rim to her lips. She tilts it. Takes a drink. The ice cold fizz of it shocks her mouth. It tingles in her nose, intensifies the liquid’s sweet and flowery taste. A hint of nectar makes her mouth water, dilutes the faint spice. It stirs up a bitter bloom on the back of her tongue. Ivako looks into the glass. The drink is a faint bluish-purple, crawling with bubbles, darkest plum at the bottom; the locals call it a nightbloomer, it’s made with the blue juice of a Nambian bushberry, sweetened with honey derived from the berry’s pungent flowers, spiked with the liqueur of a native flower. The Nambian name for it is a string of disjointed syllables, melodious and atonal, a sound in the mouth like rain hitting dry stone; the liqueur extracted from it is the color of a Nambi dark-season gloaming, it blooms at night, it clings to shadows so deep that sometimes, once in a while, it will bloom during the day, in the dark season, during total eclipses. Slang for it includes rude epithets such as whore’s mouth, space pussy, girl’s mouth, dreamer’s cup. Large and ruffled, dark at the tips, leading in to a rich red throat, it is a soft fragrant flower of dreams and licentiousness, sweet on the lips, tingling with spice, slightly narcotic, mildly hallucinogenic, a kindler of euphoria. The flowers are picked by hand, gathered drenched in the dew of the morning, simmered in syrup until the colors leach out and blend into a glassy jeweled purple. Ivako takes another sip. The music makes soft swirling pulses inside her head, swoops. It burns off its wings in the flames of her thought. To make a nightbloomer, one needs carbonated water, berry juice, a sweetener, ice. Some places use ice cubes made with jasmine tea; others add a splash of spirit brewed out of pine needles. Here, in this particular bar---it’s the trademark flourish of Oasis---the cubes contain tiny white starblooms. Each blossom, released with melt, lands thick and crunchy between the teeth. With a bite the tiny white petals explode, flood the tongue with intense green and cool transitioning into spicy hot. Ivako holds up the glass, looks through it. Lights flicker, strain themselves into shades of purple. Of course a drink made out of anything called Space Pussy is going to be insanely popular in a girl bar. Ivako sees Rey’s shape, lowers the glass. Rey’s out on the floor, her body uncaged, her arms like flames, the long tight shirt Ivako bought for her sparkling gray and black and silver, cutting low to show the tops of her breasts, those lean legs hugged by tight black leather. The dark richness of her hair is abandoned to the wind, her mouth painted siren red. She’s dancing with a Nambian girl, her skin the gold-red of the desert rocks, her long gleaming hair black as night, her mouth full as fruit. She moves closer. Her hands spread out on Rey’s hips, skim their tight curves. Rey grins, loops her arms around the girl’s neck. Ivako takes a drink. She imagines the drugs breaking down into her bloodstream, swirling molecules, nerve endings firing off. She sees bioluminescent veins, nerve trunks like trees, the dark flesh of a body packed full of fireflies. I will not think about pharmacology tonight. Ivako watches Rey’s mouth, the flat red of it drifting in close to the plump purple of the other woman’s mouth then away again, each mouth skimming the other’s breath, birds mating on the wing. It’s a mild effect. They kiss, their bright smiles twinned. There’s no alcohol involved. Ivako feels her heat beneath her skin. It moves, restless as fire, climbs into her lungs. It blooms inside her breath. She inhales, smells the ghosts of wet pussy. Her eyes won’t focus. It won’t hurt anything. “How many of those have you had?” Ivako opens her eyes in time to watch Rey to slide up onto the banquette beside her, for Rey’s small hand to land on Ivako’s knee. It feels like the tiny, nervous roosting of a bird. Her dancefloor friend is with her, shimmering silver-on-black cloth coating all of the round shapes of her body. Her skin smells like sunlight, the cleavage of her breasts like a flower, some oversweetened hot-weather thing that’s like raw sugar in her mouth. “Just the one,” says Ivako. “Wow, cause your pupils are like…big.” Rey giggles. “Wow, Sola. Look. Don’t you think so?” Ivako looks at the friend, looks through the curved architecture of her face, past the black pools of her eyes, past the shadows of her thought. She sees a firelit urge to slip a hand beneath Rey’s tunic, to map out hidden skin; she tastes Rey’s skin, the salt singing in Rey’s sweat, the dark woman’s simmering desire. “Yes,” she says, her accent honeyed and singsong, “I see it. The flower, she loves you. Yes?” “I guess so, yeah.” Sola takes a seat next to Rey, leans over. Her hair swings in a shadowed curtain. “Have you had nightbloomers before?” “Yeah, this isn’t my first time.” Ivako puts the glass down. The light brightens. She watches it move over Rey’s skin, climb into Sola’s hair. It beats like a heart. “I’ve been here before.” “You come from the outpost, yes?” Her voice a poem. “No.” Ivako shakes her head. The images inside her shift. “I used to live in Neva Cathari, but it was a long time ago.” “That is a long way to come, to here from Neva Cathari.” “Not really.” Ivako shrugs a shoulder. She looks into the glass and sees a flash of her hands in another person’s chest, wrist-deep. Scarlet. She slips a finger into her drink, moves the ice cubes around. “Not when you’re bored and craving the ocean.” Sola grins. “You come from a wet planet, then?” “Yes,” says Rey. “She does.” She slides her fingers beneath Ivako’s, picks up her hand. “Will you dance with us?” “I don’t know.” Ivako pulls her hand away, puts it in her lap. She shakes her head. The world slips a little, settles back. “I’m not sure.” “Why not?” Ivako looks up, past the lip of the canopy, past the shadow-outlines of palm fronds. Stars gleam cold and bright on the black breast of the night. “It seems…wrong? My body says no? I don’t know. I like watching you dance.” Her smile feels like heat on her face. Red flashes in and out of the corners of her eyes. “It’s good enough for me.” “Your friend, she’s lovely,” says Sola, stroking Rey’s cheekbone with the back of her finger. Rey blushes. Sola leans forward, kisses Rey’s flushed skin. “But she is not as lovely as you.” Ivako looks up. The shapes of immense ships interrupt the flow of stars. She sees them, black and huge; the night makes them invisible, reduces them to orbit. “Is that…normal?” Sola and Rey look up. “No.” Sola’s fine brows draw together. “It’s not.” All of that for me? Doesn’t seem likely. Ivako glances at Rey’s profile. No. It doesn’t. A handful of ice scatters up her spine. No…this is something else. She gets cold all over. Something big. Rey looks at Ivako. You’re afraid for him . Her mouth compresses into a trembling line. For him . Not for us. I can’t believe you. “The outpost will overflow soon,” says Sola. “Look at these ships. The size of them. I think something must’ve happened, don’t you?” “Yes,” says Rey. “I think so too.” Ivako picks up her drink. She looks into the glass. She a sympathizer? Rey fidgets, straightens her sequined top. She lifts an eyebrow. First Order or Resistance? Ivako snorts. Either . She takes a sip of nightbloomer, shakes the glass so the ice rattles. Keep your eyebrow to yourself. Rey glances at Ivako. I don’t know if she’s any sort of sympathizer . Ivako’s eyes move over the crowd. More women, breath-to-breath, a skin-to-skin sea of them. Light flickering. Shadows multiplied. Sola pulls a small holoscreen out of her pocket. Ivako looks around; others in the alcoves are doing it, too. Green images flicker to life. “This is the outpost channel,” says Sola, clicking it on. “But it may not tell us the truth of what’s going on.” “No,” says Ivako. “It wouldn’t. There’ll be some thing about…I don’t know, plagues. Or a natural disaster.” Sola looks at her. “Not that those aren’t perfectly reasonable explanations.” Ivako glances away. She puts her glass down, rubs the back of her neck. “They are, but…if there’s some other thing going on, it won’t broadcast as such.” She shrugs a shoulder, lets her hand drop. “They’ll make something up. Propagandize it. I’m sure you know what I’m talking about.” “It’s harder to get other channels here,” says Sola. “We’re too close.” Ivako’s eyes drift back to the dance pit. She glimpses a shade of white gilded by colored lights, hair that’s a river of night. Her throat gets tight. Rey puts a hand on her arm. Ivako flinches, pulls it away. What is it? “I’m going.” Ivako pushes away from Rey, scoots along the overstuffed velvet. “I need to go.” She stands, picks up the glass. She drains what’s left. “I’m going.” She wipes her mouth with the back of her hand. “I need to go.” She searches the crowd. “I need to do it right now.” “You’re in no state to go anywhere by yourself,” says Rey. “I’m coming with you.” “No.” Ivako holds out her hands. She takes backward steps, looks in Rey’s eyes. “You’re not.” “But---“ NO. Rey stands, folds her arms. Her tone ices over. “He’s here.” Sola looks back and forth between them. “Who is here?” Ivako glares at Rey, shakes her head. Don’t . Rey shifts her weight. She tilts her head. “Isn’t he?” She flattens her mouth. “Here’s something. Why don’t you just blink if the answer is yes?” “I don’t have time for this.” Ivako grabs her purse, hastens it over her shoulder. “I need to go.” Yes. He’s here. Run . Rey blinks. She glances around. “I still don’t think you shouldn’t go alone.” Sola looks back and forth between them. She tries to smile. “I don’t understand what’s going on?” “I can handle myself,” says Ivako. “Don’t follow me. I’ll be all right. He won’t…he won’t.” I’ll dump your stuff out the window as soon as I can. I mean it, Rey. Don’t follow me. It’s not worth it. If they catch you, they’ll kill you . “Ivako has a big scary boyfriend,” says Rey, moving hair out of her face. She arches an eyebrow. “Well…had one, rather.” She folds her arms. “As you might imagine he’s not real happy about that change in language.” I pushed him out before and I can do it again. I don’t think you should confront him alone. I’ll stay out of sight if you want but I’m not comfortable letting you go by yourself. Why wouldn’t he just kill you, too? You said yourself he has no control over his temper . “I see,” says Sola, looking back and forth between them. Ivako’s eyes widen. She needles Rey with a look. He wouldn’t. He just…he wouldn’t, I don’t expect you to believe me, but I’m not afraid. She’s a First Order sympathizer. Get your ass out of here. RUN . Rey shrugs a shoulder. “Some guys don’t take it well when you just walk out on them, you know?” How can you be so sure? Does she know who we are? “I can handle it.” Ivako glances back and forth between Rey and Sola. “Back off.” I don’t know, but your boyfriend story has made her suspicious. Rey shrugs. “Fine.” She sits back down, crosses her legs. “Do what you want. You’re going to anyway.” She flips her hair. “Just don’t blame me if you end up in medbay.” Still suspicious? “I won’t.” Ivako looks at Sola. “We can talk about this later.” Yes…but less. Distract her. Go fuck her in the bathroom or something. Or leave with her. Soon. She’s really into you. It wouldn’t be hard. Rey blushes a little, signals a server. “Uh huh.” I’m a shit actor, aren’t I? Ivako turns, strides into the dance pit. You’re doing all right. Get to work on that distracting thing as soon as you can, though. She’s thinking about whether or not it’s a good idea to make certain calls . She hears Rey’s voice, a whisper in her mind: Be careful, Ivako . Ivako pushes her way through the maelstrom of bodies, their combined scents a stew of desire in her mouth. The moving lights, caught in their stir of shadows, draw fragile pictures. She finds a fire escape, swings her leg up over the wall. She jumps down onto the platform. The metal rings beneath the impact. I will. The alley takes the light of the street, the lanterns, the neons, and slices down its middle, flays her vision into light and the absence-of, the dimmed-down. Light from the street comes in, tinted pink, pale and orange, thinned-out; the darkened stones look bluish, purpled almost like a bruise, color starved of oxygen. At the head, a step or two inside the juncture-space of street and alley, a tall shape leaning on the wall of the bar. Ivako freezes. Its breath-rhythm is erratic, slowed, worn down into a dragging thing at odds with the rest of the night. She sees hair loose and uncovered, still dark, the spill of light caught inside it; the profile is sharp, a length of body blurred into sagging folds by sand-colored cloth, except…except… Her skin clenches. Her body spasms. Her breath snags, trembles inside the brutish thud of her heart. The head-shape turns. Light gleams on the sweat-slicked cords of his throat. Shadow falls across his face. “What have you done?” she whispers. Blood glittering. Long red ribbons dripping. Rubies on the stone. He bares his teeth, tightens his grip on his forearm. “It’s mine,” he whispers. Ivako runs, stops; she drops her purse, her eyes on the tightness of his fingers, their scarlet blood-gloves, the smears of it dried up the back of his hand. Her hands flutter to him, pull back; her breathing gets faster, goes shallow. Her mouth moves. She shakes her head. Her eyes burn. She reaches out. Her mouth falls open. Her chin trembles. “I need to…I n-need to…” He lets go. She gasps. “I see bone.” She struggles to close the wound, fingertips slipping through layers of blood. Her hands start to shake. She starts to cry. “Why can I see bone?” “I took it out.” Frantic, she wipes at the bloodsoaked skin with a bunched-up handful of his robe. “Took what out?” Kylo whimpers, squeezes his eyes shut. He breathes hard, leans his head on the stucco. “Snoke’s tracker.” Ivako sniffles, covers the wound with both hands. She shakes her head, bites her lip. She uses the Force to will its edges together. “I…I had to cut it out myself…” He pauses, struggles to catch his breath. His mouth hangs open. His brow furrows. “I didn’t trust…I didn’t…have time to…” Ivako grits her teeth, squeezes his wound. He cries out, breath shuddering. “For fuck’s sake Kylo shut up !” He nods quickly, sucks in a sharp breath. “Yes,” he whispers. Ivako closes her eyes. Sound floods her mind, filters itself through an exquisite clarity; the wind, distant footfalls, the pounding of the bass through the walls muted by the thickness of stone and stucco into a desperate tachycardia, Kylo’s wet and erratic breathing. The slight shift of the flesh beneath her hands guides her into an image of the bone first, then the fascia, a nerve nicked here, tiny vessels seeking each other out; there’s a sealing-together, heat, suppleness returning with smooth muscle movements. He flexes his fingers, makes a fist. “It’s better,” she sighs, shaking her head. She loosens her grip. “You’re a shitty surgeon.” She starts to turn away and he grabs her wrists, pulls her until they’re belly-to-belly. He puts her hands inside his robes. “There’s more.” She twists her wrists inside his grip. “Dammit, Kylo---“ “No. No.” He pulls up the officer’s tunic he’s wearing beneath the robes, wrestles her palm up beneath it. He presses it into his bare stitches. He covers her hand with his own. “There’s more.” She looks to one side, feels the knotted-up skin. “What’s this?” “I took a bowcaster bolt to the flank.” He tries to look her in the face. “Your intern patched it up the best she could.” Her fingertips seek out rows of stitching. She follows them, bites her lip. She unbuttons the front of the tunic. “Why did you take the bandaging off?” He watches her. “So you wouldn’t have to.” She peeks inside the tunic. “There’s a lot of damage here.” He lowers his voice. “Yes.” She takes her hand off the heat of his bruised skin. She doesn’t look at his face. “This’ll hold. The stitches.” “You’re not going to fix it?” “Not in an alley.” Ivako folds her arms, looks down. “It’ll hold until you can get off the street.” “Where do I go?” Ivako shakes her head, slides a palm up across the back of her neck. “I don’t know.” She keeps her eyes on the ground. “That isn’t my problem, is it?” He grabs her jaw with his blood-sticky hand, uses it to lift her chin. “Where do I go?” His eyes bore into hers; he shakes her face a little. “Where do we go?” He licks his lips. “You must have a place somewhere, all shacked up with your little scavenger girl.” “It’s not like that.” “Oh?” He watches her mouth. “What’s it like, then?” She closes her eyes, winces. “I’m not getting into this with you.” “Oh yes.” He lets go of her jaw, snatches up a handful of her hair. He brings her face close to his mouth. His breath quickens. “You are.” Ivako puts her hands on his belly, bites her lip; from behind closed lids she feels her way into the blood-stiffened robes, touches the buttons of the tunic, skims over the shapes of buttonholes on her way to hot skin, smooth muscles that tremble beneath rising waves of gooseflesh. Her fingertips land in a tangle of fine hairs; a sharp sigh snorts its way out of him and he pulls in a shaky breath, locks his chest against its struggle to break free. She palms his welter of stitches. He presses his mouth to her forehead. She takes slow breaths, moves her thumb across the swollen incisions; she strokes their reddened and purpled skin, her fingers are like feathers, a bare tracing of the stippled skin. He exhales in a sudden hard rush. His hand tightens in her hair. She shivers into a long sigh. Her fingers twitch. Sweat prickles all over her body, turns her skin cold. In her mind she sees the red of him locked in the dark, buried tissues flushed with trauma. She shivers, makes heat, breathes it down through the skin and it loosens him, undoes the clench; the bruises fade out, the dull pain throbs into a slight itch. He makes a tiny stuttering sound. Individual stitches squirm free from his skin, fluttering. She rubs them loose. His abdominal muscles suck in, tremble away from the tickle of it. She traces each scar. He puts his grimy blood-blackened hands on her face, covers her forehead in soft, lingering kisses. She goes still. He kisses between her eyebrows. She lets her hands fall. He kisses the side of her nose. She deflates into a sigh. “Kylo,” she whispers. “This is…” He rubs a blood-sticky thumb across her bottom lip, leans in to kiss her mouth. She grabs his wrist. “You’re covered in blood,” she whispers, lips moving against his. She closes her eyes. “You need to get off the street.” He tilts her face back, drops his mouth over hers. He bites her bottom lip, lets it drag between his teeth. She lets out a soft torn whimpering noise. He puts her arms around his neck, takes hold of her hips. He leans the bridge of his nose into hers. “Don’t leave me,” he half-whispers. “I’m sorry, I won’t…” He pulls her close to his body. “I w-won’t scream at you like that again.” Ivako makes fists; her mouth trembles, then her chin. He cups the back of her head. She puts her face in his neck, bursts into tears. He turns his mouth into her hair. “I’m sorry,” he whispers. There’s an echoing sound of halted footfalls, a high-pitched gasp. “What did you do ?” Rey’s voice cracks beneath a weight of sputtering incredulous rage. “Oh my…what did… what did you DO TO HER ?” Kylo’s body stiffens and Ivako jumps; he keeps his arms around her, pulls her tight against his body. She pushes him away and sniffles, wipes his blood off her face. “Rey.” Ivako wipes snot onto her wrist. She rubs tears off her cheeks with the heels of her hands. Her voice is calm. “What are you doing?” Rey rushes forward, reaches for Ivako’s shoulders. “What’s happened? There’s…there’s so much blood, are you hurt?” She covers her mouth with a shaking hand. “Are you bleeding? Did he…” Her voice drops. “Did he hurt you? Is it…” Her eyes widen, fill with tears. She takes a step back, her voice muffled by her fingers. “Is it the baby? Are you…is…is there something wrong with the baby?” Kylo’s eyebrows go up. The rim of his mouth turns white. “Uh…” The corners of his lips tremble. He blinks. “Baby?” “Oh for fuck’s sake, Rey!” Ivako lunges into her face, shoves her back a step. “WHAT ARE YOU DOING ? I TOLD YOU TO LET ME GO and that I WOULD BE FINE BY MYSELF !” Her restrained tears, so close to the surface, break free. “Why can’t you listen ?” “I don’t care!” Rey lunges back, her fists clenched. She starts to cry. “I’m not going to just…just let you walk off and into…well, into galaxy knows what ! You said it yourself, he’s got a bad temper, he can’t fucking control himself, and when you say he’s not going to do anything…well…well…” She huffs in a big breath. “I’m not going to believe you. I don’t have to, you know, and guess what? You CAN’T FUCKING MAKE ME!” “BUT YOU NEVER LISTEN !” Ivako half-hisses, half-screams. She wipes at her nose. “I’M FINE ! Gods, Rey, I-I don’t…I don’t need you…to…come out here, and follow me, and RESCUE ME FROM KYLO !” “Yeah, all right then, okay.” Rey rolls her eyes and flings her hands up, slaps them onto her hips. She sneers. “Ace decision making you’ve got going on here, doctor, because your judgment so far has been nothing but top-notch amazing.” Ivako slaps her across the face. “Fuck you.” “Oh?” Rey’s eyes widen and she laughs, rubs the handprint on her cheek. “So you’re not going to punch me this time? Why not? Afraid of looking like a thug in front of your boyfriend?” “Um.” Kylo holds up a hand. He shakes his head. “I don---“ Ivako rears back, throws a hard punch into Rey’s mouth. “No,” she breathes. “I’m not.” Rey staggers, catches her heel on a seam in the cobblestone. She goes sprawling, lands on her ass. Kylo smothers a slight smile with the back of his hand. He coughs a little, clears his throat. “Might wanna quit while you’re ahead, kiddo.” Rey scrambles onto her feet. “FUCK YOU !” “I am not hurt,” snarls Ivako, shaking out her knuckles. “In case you hadn’t noticed.” “Yeah.” Rey spits a ribbon of blood onto the stones. “I noticed.” “So why don’t you fuck off now and go mind your own business?” “I care about you.” Rey wipes blood off her mouth. “I’m worried for you. I want you to be safe. I want you to be happy.” She spits. “Is that really so hard for you to tolerate?” “It is, actually,” says Kylo. Ivako rounds on him. She scowls. “You.” She points. “Stay out of it!” Rey folds her arms. She glares. “You’ve got to admit he doesn’t have the best reputation.” She shoots him a withering look. “It’s really very sane of me to worry.” “She’s right,” says Kylo. Ivako’s eyes widen. She gives him an incredulous look. “Shut up, Kylo.” “Her point is…somewhat valid.” His eyebrows go up. “That’s all I’m saying.” A silence descends. Trapped in it the sounds of bass, settling breath, distant feet. Ivako looks at Rey. “Don’t you want to know where all of this blood came from?” “I…I don’t suppose I care, really, to be completely honest with you. But I guess it’s his. That’s where you’re going with this, isn’t it?” “Yeah. That’s exactly where I’m going with it.” “Well then, I trust you took care of the problem, whatever it was.” Rey rolls her eyes. She sticks her chin out. “Since he is apparently not bleeding anymore.” Ivako lets out a harsh sigh. She throws her hands up, shakes her head, half-turns. “Kylo, why don’t you say something to her? Tell her about the blood. She won’t listen to me.” She shoots a glare over her shoulder. “As has been both roundly and categorically demonstrated already. It’s like I make noises with my mouth that mean nothing. For the fun of it.” Rey snorts, gives Ivako the finger. “I cut a tracker out of my arm.” Kylo’s voice is soft. He doesn’t look at her. “It had been there...a long time.” He clears his throat. “Fifteen years.” He glances at Rey’s face. “It had been there for fifteen years.” Rey’s mouth opens. “A tracker?” She unfolds her arms. “Why?” She takes a step closer to him. “What does that mean? Why would you have a tracker?” “Snoke put it there. Had it put there. So…” He shrugs, looks at her with a hard slanting smile. “I wouldn’t get lost.” Rey tilts her head. She narrows her eyes. “Who’s Snoke?” “He’s the Supreme Leader of the First Order.” Ivako watches her face. “It’s not Hux.” “Oh.” “He’s a very powerful Force user,” says Kylo. “But I can block him. He doesn’t think I can.” His smile thins out, turns sharp. “But I’ve…learned.” “Oh.” Rey takes a step back. “So…so…” She looks back and forth between them. “Is he…” Her mouth trembles. Her eyes are wide. “Are you going to turn, then?” A sudden naked hope floods her face. Her voice goes breathless. “Are you defecting?” Chapter 5 : The Size and Weight of a Drop Notes: Take me to church because OMG I am going to HELL. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) In the center of a bright blue saucer, stormcloud-dark and dull, is a slim tube of corroded metal. “Sir.” “Yes?” “The doctor is in your sitting room, General. Shall I send her out?” There’s a drink at his side, perched near the edge of a small blondwood table. It’s clear and red, frosted at the base, packed with ice and curls of orange peel. A stray flicker of sunshine passes through it, scatters the surface of the wood with shards of fiery light. Hux picks up the glass. It leaves a wet ring behind. “Yes.” The Stormtrooper leaves. Hux takes a sip. The ice cubes swirl into a lazy spin. He looks past the shade of the veranda into a sun-drenched garden. Light slants over the courtyard, strong and gilded with copper; it smothers the gardenias in honey, glints on the thick green leaves of lemon trees, casts a lacy shadow across the purple roses. The warm and perfumed breeze ruffles through his hair. A sprinkling of petals skitters on the stone. The heels of her boots click against the veranda’s marble floor. “Tell me.” Hux doesn’t turn. “Are you afraid, doctor?” “Yes, sir. I am.” “Why?” “I’m afraid of what you’ll do to me, sir.” She clears her throat. “Of how I will be punished.” “Good.” Hux sets down his drink. He glances at her. “You should be.” “Of course, sir.” “Dr. Tash.” He reaches past the glass, picks up the saucer. “Have you any idea what this is?” “I do not, sir.” “Stand before me.” She circles the chair, halts in front of him. Hux picks up the tracker. “Take a closer look.” Dr. Tash steps forward, holds out her hand. The corners of her mouth tremble. Hux places the tracker in the center of her palm. He watches her face. She picks it up, holds it at eye level. “Do you have any idea what that is?” “I do not.” Dr. Tash passes it back. “Shall I hazard a guess?” She looks at him. “Am I permitted to hazard a guess?” “Yes, doctor.” Hux squints. He shades his eyes. “You may.” “It appears to be some sort of surgical implant, crafted of medical grade titanium or perhaps some other similar alloy. The level of corrosion present indicates that whatever it is, it spent a great deal of time inside someone’s body. Perhaps years. With that information in hand, I would proceed to deduce that it may be a fragment of a surgical pin, or a component of some obsolete variety of osteo appliance.” “You are correct,” says Hux. “It is an implant of outdated mode, but it does not come from an osteo appliance.” Dr. Tash clasps her hands behind her back. She looks in his eyes. “Did it come from Lord Ren?” Hux’s mouth curves into a slight smile. “Did it?” “I don’t know, sir.” Color floods her cheeks. “Hence the question.” “Yes.” Hux lets it clink back into the saucer. “It did.” “What does it do?” “That you are not permitted to ask.” “I apologize, sir.” Dr. Tash bows her head. Patches of errant sunlight stir across her tightly bound hair. “I’m afraid my curiosity got the better of me, as it is wont to do. It was not my intention to overstep my bounds.” “Apology accepted, doctor.” She tilts her head, looks up from beneath her lashes. “Did he remove it himself?” “The evidence strongly suggests that he did.” “Am I permitted to ask why?” “You are.” “Why do you think he did it, sir?” “I should think that the obvious answer is the clearest: Lord Ren, for reasons known only to himself, does not wish to be tracked by any of the First Order, and he did not trust you in your Force-addled abilities to remove it in a satisfactory fashion. Beyond those simple explanations lies a rather broad field of speculation.” Dr. Tash swallows. The rim of her mouth blanches. “I trust you have read the transcript of my interview with Captain Phasma?” “I have.” “Thus you are aware, sir, that I have no memory at all of the incident?” “I am aware of your official testimony,” says Hux. “However, this would not be the first time that certain circumstances made a gulf of the space between what is official and what is true.” She blinks several times. Her nostrils twitch and her breath comes a little faster. “What you’re saying, sir,” she says, her voice deepening, her Coruscanti accent sharpening, “or rather what I am hearing, is that you believe I would willingly betray the First Order by enabling Lord Ren to perform an act of treason.” “What I am saying, doctor, is that the notion crossed my mind because it must. With a paucity of evidence comes an inevitable list of questions. It has nothing to do with belief.” “Well then.” She lifts her chin. “I suppose that I must ask you the question.” Her eyebrows go up. “Do you believe that I willingly enabled Lord Ren to commit treason?” “No,” says Hux. “But I have to ask the question.” “Very well.” Her gaze turns cool. “Ask.” Hux watches her face. “Did you willingly enable Lord Ren to commit high treason against the First Order through the act of assisting him in the removal of certain classified medical-grade implants from his body?” “No, General.” Her words come out clipped and hard. “I did not.” “Regardless, it has fallen to me to decide upon the manner of your punishment.” She gives a single sharp nod. “I understand, sir.” Hux picks up the glass, takes a sip. “The penalty for treason is execution.” Her jaw tightens. One eyebrow twitches. “I am aware of that, sir.” “Yet, as you were not in possession of your proper faculties at the time of the offense, I am willing to consider that particular fact a mitigating circumstance.” He places the glass near the edge of the table, pushes himself to his feet. He studies her profile. He clears his throat. His voice softens. “I have no interest in ordering your death.” Dr. Tash looks straight ahead. Her mouth flushes, starts to tremble. “Thank you, sir.” Hux lifts a hand, uses the tip of a finger to stroke the length of her cheekbone. “I would like you to cry for me.” His voice thins into silk, roughens around the edges. “Do you think you can you do that?” Dr. Tash’s eyes widen; her breath sucks in, it quickens, it flutters in her throat. “I…” She swallows and a thin sheen of tears wells up. Her chin quivers. “Yes,” she whispers. “Sir.” Hux watches the tears gather, build up on her lower lashes and spill over; they slide into the hollows beneath her eyes, glisten on her eyelashes. They cross the smooth curves of her cheeks, pool in the corners of her full mouth. He lifts his hand and she winces. “Shhhhh,” he murmurs, catching a fresh drop with the side of his thumb. He wipes it up and she gasps, her breath quickening, her lips parting. He licks it off. “Now, now.” He looks at her mouth. He softens his voice. “There is no need for that.” “Will you…” She sniffles. “Will you imprison me, then?” He takes a step back. “Have I granted you permission to speak?” “N-No, sir.” He circles around behind her and his voice crackles, turns husky. “Would you like me to?” “Yes.” She swallows. “I would, sir.” She nods. “Thank you.” “It is Captain Phasma’s opinion that you be exiled. Here, as a matter of fact, to the work camps, and sentenced to ten years of labor. It is a rather harsh penalty but a just one, I think, in light of the egregiousness of this particular offense.” Dr. Tash blinks several times. Her eyes overflow with fresh tears. Her nostrils quiver. “However, I feel that such a physically harsh sentence would be a tragic waste of your skill set.” He keeps his mouth close to her ear. “What do you think, doctor?” “What I think is irrelevant.” She stiffens her spine and the words come out in a wet rush. “Rather than waste your time and mine with my thoughts on the matter, I shall instead defer to your long years of exemplary leadership and all of the wisdom inherent therein.” She squeezes her eyes shut, draws in an unsteady breath. “I would leave such decisions up to you, without benefit of my input, as it would likely have no value whatsoever. Sir.” “I don’t know if you were aware of this, but in the earliest days of the First Order’s existence, a brave officer who had done grievous wrong would often ask for the lash. He---or she, as it were---would offer blood payment in lieu of time served and the commander could either accept it or reject it according to his taste.” “I did not, sir.” “Of course, it is not done so much these days.” Hux looks down his nose, studies the set of her mouth. “Lord Ren feels it barbaric in this particular context and unsuited to the common man---that it is for mortification, a tool.” He touches the space between her collarbones, lowers his voice. He lends it a soft and growling edge. “More’s the pity.” “Sir,” she whispers, her breathing gone shallow. “May I have permission to speak?” “Yes.” Dr. Tash looks up at him with wet eyes. “What will you do?” “That depends.” Hux watches her face, caresses her cheek with his thumb. “Are you a brave officer?” A shudder twists its way down her spine. “Yes.” Her voice bottoms out. She holds his gaze. “Yes, I suppose I am, sir.” “I require your consent to perform a whipping.” He moves his thumb across her chin. “Do you consent, Dr. Tash?” “Yes.” She closes her eyes. “You’re rather enthusiastic.” He traces her jaw with a finger, breathes on her mouth. “What is it you think I am going to do?” “I d-don’t know,” she whispers, lifts her chin. “Will you do it here?” Hux brushes his nose against her cheek. She lets out a ragged rush of breath; her mouth opens and her bottom lip trembles. He kisses the corner of her mouth. “Yes.” Dr. Tash leans forward, lets out a soft little sound. She bumps her mouth into his. She puts her hands on his face. He opens his mouth and she kisses him; he exhales hard, floods her throat with heat. Her lips are soft, yielding, he thinks of bruised petals, roses drenched by the sea’s quick and brutal rains. He meets her tongue with his own and she moans, puts her arms around his neck; she’s sweet, salty and she kisses like she’s surfacing into his mouth, starving for his oxygen, her hot breath laden with flowers and musk. “Ineris.” His voice is gentle. “I need you to control yourself.” He cradles her jaw in his palms. “Can you do that for me?” He looks into her eyes, moves his hands over the crown of her head. “Will you do that for me?” She nods and fresh tears well up. “Yes,” she breathes. “I will do it for you.” “Excellent.” “What shall I do, sir?” “Remove your top.” Dr. Tash nods. Her hands drift to the buttons. She starts at the bottom, her fingers slow and methodical. She bites her lip. “No.” He lifts her chin. His voice is soft. “You will look at me while you do it.” Her face reddens. “Of course, sir.” “Do not turn your head away from me.” She keeps her eyes on his, loosens the buttons. Her lips part. She breathes through them, shoulders the tunic off one at a time. “It’s hard,” she half-whispers. “I keep wanting to look away.” “Does it embarrass you?” She blinks and her flush deepens. “Yes.” “It shouldn’t.” Hux looks down, strokes the front of her throat with the backs of his knuckles. “Because this is what I want. It pleases me.” He moves a fingertip down the center of her chin, watches her mouth. “Do you wish to please me, Ineris?” Her lids lower, eyelashes fluttering. She nods. “Yes.” “Then drop your trousers and your knickers to your knees.” Dr. Tash unbuckles her belt. She takes down her pants, keeps her eyes on his face. She slides down her knickers, leaves them just above her knees. “As you wish, sir.” “Turn away from me. Grab the back of the chair.” Hux unbuckles his belt. He leaves it open, shrugs out of his jacket. He unbuttons his cuffs, turns them; he rolls the sleeves up past his forearms. “Bend slightly at the waist to do it.” “Yes, sir.” Hux’s eyes drift down the shallow river of her spine and his breath deepens; she grips the chair’s back, her shoulder-blade like wings, her mouth open and her eyes closed. Her knuckles are white, her slender bird-wrists trembling. Stray sunlight falls on her head, slides greedily over the white plains of her body; her angularity cuts into the light, bleeds shadow across her back, her slender thighs, her clenched buttocks. Everywhere, like bright patches of blood, are red and purple rose petals slapped out of their droopy fragrant flower-shapes and scattered across the stone. His cock gets heavier. His pants get tighter. His mouth waters. “I want you to know,” he whispers, his mouth close to her hair, “how beautiful you are, right now.” Dr. Tash whimpers, a hard shiver slithers up through her spine and the sight of it is a blade slipping, hot and sharp, between his rational mind and the meat of his body. It rests its whetted edge against his sense of restraint. Hux brushes his fingers across her shoulder blades. Goosebumps rise, roughen the white silk of her skin. “Are you ready, Ineris?” He eases the belt out of his beltloops, grasps the buckle; he makes a fist, wraps the leather tight around his knuckles. “Yes.” Hux steps back, turns sideways, pulls his arm back; he swings the black leather and she jumps at the whistle of it before strikes her buttocks. Impact happens with a loud sharp slap and she opens her mouth, her breath rapid and fluttery. He does it again. He snaps his wrist at the termination of the stroke and the slow blush of a red line crosses her back. The momentum of the blow sways through her knees. She cries out. Again. Again. He slaps a line into her that crosses the others, goes purple at the edges, and the tip of the belt hits so hard that a small blue bruise immediately forms. Dr. Tash’s voice wavers up through a cracked register, breaks into a hard blast of breath. The bruise plumps up at the top of her hip and he feels the skin getting tighter, the firmness of it, the pulse; he imagines the heat of her outraged flesh welling up against his tongue. Her arms shudder. Her toes curls up against the smooth marble, blanch themselves. Her thighs quiver. Hux brings his arm back. He watches the spread and slide of her heaving ribs, her rising welts like silk ribbons embedded in her skin, and the voice of his father whispers distant: whip the blood out of her, spill just a drop, the debt is paid . He breathes hard, brings the belt down. Dr. Tash moans. Hux cups his hand over his stiff dick, flexes his fingers on the thickness of the belt. He paces back and forth, his eyes on the vivid flush in her cheeks, her open mouth swollen and dark as a plum and begging for breath; her splayed fingers grip the chair and her small round breasts hang, pink nipples sharp despite the day’s languid heat. Her forehead quivers, her eyes closed. His cock throbs. He squeezes it. Just a drop . “I’m going to make you bleed,” he pants. “Are you ready to bleed for me, Ineris?” Her head hangs. Her back rises and falls. She nods. “Use your words.” “Yes,” she breathes. “Yes, sir.” “Tell me you want it.” Her eyes open. “I want to bleed for you, sir.” He strikes her across the back of her thighs. Her legs tense up and her back bows; she grits her teeth, moans. “Say it again.” Dr. Tash struggles to catch her breath. “I want to bleed for you, sir.” He whips her, vicious and hard, across the ass. She hunches up her shoulders, bites her lip, whimpers. Hux leans over, puts his mouth close to her ear. “Again.” “Break my skin,” she half-whimpers, half-whispers; she shakes all over. “Make me bleed, please…I need it…” She squeezes her eyes shut, catches her breath. “I want it…sir. Please do it.” Her voice grinds down, turns throaty. She braces her arms against the chair. She breathes hard. “Break my fucking skin.” Hux shuts his eyes and flares his nostrils, flattens his mouth into a tight and trembling line; he grips the belt, the leather slicked-up against his palm. He swings it with all his strength, does it again, he cracks the leather across her skin until a thin line splits beneath her left shoulder blade, the flesh beneath purpling; blood rises in tiny dark red beads, he wrestles the belt off his hand and throws it and it slaps against the indifferent pink marble and falls where it curls, limp, on the stone. The sound of her breath rattles around inside her mouth. The blood-beads swell, kiss. They merge into the size and weight of a drop. His breath builds up to a soft rustling hum, comes rapid-fire. Her blood begins to slide. It encounters fine hairs, slows its progression to a drag. He hurries onto his knees and the stone hurts him, jars through his bones. He leans the bridge of his nose into the small of her back, fills his hands with her buttocks, breathes for a long moment into her skin; she makes a soft noise. He licks the skin over her tailbone. “I smell you.” He growls and squeezes, brings his lips close to the reddened, swollen, glistening lips of her cunt. “You’re like lilies and blood and ocean foam.” Through her flesh runs a fine and coruscating quiver, a flexing and releasing, her tendons pulled tight as bowstrings. Her breath a harsh labor. Hux slides his thumb down her furrow, watches the tip of it sink into the ruffles and folds of her, the lips furled purple and pink and red, the hole buried within hot and twitching and brimming with wet; he nudges the firmness of her clit and her body tenses up, her skin goosebumps, her thighs shake. Her spine twists and her cunt spasms; a flood of thick heat gushes between his fingers, slicks them up. Dr. Tash lets out a long low sweet humming needy moan. “You’ve a lovely cunt,” he whispers, slides two fingers in; she gets tight, ripples delicately around his knuckles. “Mmmm…so soft. So responsive.” Hux moves the pad of his thumb in light slippery circles around her clit, feels it swell, the pulse of it throbbing faster; he licks bitter salt off the puckers of her asshole. She whimpers and her spine stiffens, she squirms, he does it again; he runs the flat of his tongue up over her hole. He flicks the tight opening with the tip of his tongue and the ring of it contracts, flutters; he licks into it, muscles his tongue inside. He slows the circles on her clit and her breath deepens, gets raw. “You’ve a lovely arse as well,” he murmurs. “So silky.” He works the tip of a cunt-slick finger into her ass. “So tight.” “T-Thank you, sir.” Pure urge, bone-deep and animal, swamps him; her bites down on a groan, leans his forehead into her, his jaws tight. He closes his eyes, slides his hands up the backs of her thighs. His heart pounds in his ears. He bites into the roundest part of one buttock, growls a little. “You’re the ruin of me,” he whispers, moaning soft into her cleft. “You’ve made me into this, a man on my knees.” He grips her cheeks, spreads them apart. He runs his tongue from the deep well of her cunt up to her twitching asshole. “You’ve put me here,” he breathes. “Do you like that?” Dr. Tash whimpers. “Yes.” He slaps a purple welt on the side of her buttock and she cries out, sharp and high. “Yes what?” “Yes, sir.” He slips his fingers into her, pulls them out, rubs them on her clit. “I want you to tell me when you’re close,” he murmurs. “Can you do that for me, my lovely?” “Y-Yes.” She breathes harder. “Yes…oh,” she swallows, “I-I can do that, sir.” “Do not allow yourself to come.” His fingers move faster. “You must control yourself, Ineris. Will you do that for me?” “I will.” Her voice is high-pitched, scratchy. “I w-will do that.” “Tell me.” He slows it down, lightens his touch. “Tell me.” Hux listens to her breath come faster, then harder. Her cunt gets hotter, thicker; her breath hitches and gets rough, flutters, then drops into deep dragging breaths like she’s starving for oxygen. “I’m…I’m…oh gods you need to…n-need to…” He stands and unzips his pants with shaking, impatient fingers, pulls his cock out, slicks up her asshole with wet fingers. Dr. Tash holds her breath. Hux puts a hand on her flank, feels the fine trembling caught in her bones. He presses the head of his cock into her and pushes, slow; her body stretches, the tight ring snugging down, clenching the juncture between head and shaft. “I need you to breathe, love.” He moves his hand down her spine, rubs the small of her back. He struggles against the need to bury himself in her. He closes his eyes. His mouth trembles. “Will you do that for me?” “Yes,” she whispers. “I will do that for you.” He pushes the rest of the way in and her hands tighten on the back of the chair and she makes a raw, low-pitched animal sound, her head hanging, the noise of her breath sharpened through her teeth. He touches her clit. She whimpers. He rubs, his touch light, makes tiny gentle circles. He pulls out, thrusts back in. He does it again. Again. Again. Dr. Tash utters a pathetic sound. All of her skin reddened, not just the places where his belt broke into her bloodstream and forced it to bloom. Her back arches and beneath it her body begins its shuddering, the twitch of her building into a sudden hard joint-bending spasm. “Brendol,” she gasps, her voice compressed into a half-whisper; the intensity of her pleasure rips it open into a moan, breath bleeding disjointed sound. Her throat struggles beyond organized syllables. Her arms and legs go weak. The sound of his name, wearing her voice and strained into an offering, pushes his teeth into his lip and his mind down into the thick red beat of his blood. The thudding of her, hot wet pulse, her relentless rhythmic tightening breaks his restraint and his eyes squeeze shut. He bares his teeth. He shoves his hips up against her ass, cries out. A soft sound of wind, leaves, petals falling. The red haze lifts. His heart slows and city-sounds creep back in, the distant rustle of voices, engines, music, movement. Hux catches his breath. Pulls out. His shirt itches. His skin is hot, his face flushed; he’s covered in sweat, feverish, on the verge of shivering. He shoves his cock back into his pants and tucks the shirt in, zips up. He straightens his fly. The hot wind touches him, runs all over his skin. He thinks he might pass out. The sticky scent of lemon blossoms fills his nose. He steps over to the belt, snatches it up. His heart beats hollow and light, rustles up against the inside of his chest like the folding and re-folding wings of a bird. He turns his back on the chair. He looks past his feet, squints into a patch of encroaching sun. His eyes go out of focus and he closes them. His hands clench and unclench on the belt. She doesn’t move, just breathes into the silence. “You may go.” He clears his throat and strength returns to his voice. “You are dismissed, Dr. Tash. You may consider your debt paid and your punishment served.” She dresses herself, doesn’t say anything. There’s a slight whimper as the tunic touches the marks on her back. “If you…” He lets the rest of his breath slide out into silence. He looks at the belt. “If you were to go to the medcenter, I imagine you might find something suitable for that.” Her voice is soft. “Is that allowed?” “It is.” He stiffens his spine. “Yes.” Dr. Tash’s heels scuffle and then click on the stone. He holds his breath, can’t tell if she’s coming closer or moving away. Her voice wavers. “Thank you, sir.” She’s close. He looks straight ahead. “That will be all, doctor.” Dr. Tash hesitates. Hux folds his arms, does not turn. She steps back, her breath unsteady. Her footfalls fade out into the sound of the wind. It squeezes the breath out of his lungs. Notes: Thought I'd take a leaf out of libertyelyot's book and get down with the m/f anal (if you're into Hux and haven't read her Hux/OFC fic, My Only Hope, and started on its sequel, The Prince In Exile, GO DO IT NOW). This concludes part II of the Palimpsest series. I'm not 100% sure where I'm going from here, but I've got some ideas kicking around. I know for sure that we'll be meeting Ivako's family in part III, and methinks there might perhaps be some hot Resistance action (Poe? Finn? All of the above?). I'm also busying myself with finding Rey a hot n' sexy girlfriend because I'll take any plausible excuse to lez this shit up. Thanks so much to everyone for reading, commenting, kudo-ing, and bookmarking! I really appreciate it. :-D Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Palimpsest series Next Work →