It will have to be me , Hux realised, It will have to be me that brings him in . Snoke had not said so, not in so many words, but Hux knew that the risk of anyone else seeing Ren in an injured, vulnerable state was too great. Ren was valuable to the Order’s morale when he seemed untouchable, immortal. He was some sort of talisman to the troops despite how much disruption his tantrums might cause. The rumours that might spread if anyone else was sent to bring in Kylo Ren were not worth the risk – it had to be Hux. He took a small ship, a medical team, and a capable crew who he knew to be blindly loyal to the Order’s ideals. When they approached the spot Snoke had said Ren could be found, Hux went out into the collapsing woodlands himself, the cold air tearing into his lungs as he sprinted through the forest. He found Ren lying on the snow, blood dripping from his face and his side. Is he even alive? I cannot bring back a corpse. Hux held the middle fingertip of his leather glove between his teeth, and pulled his pale right hand out into the freezing air. His hand shook from the cold and from fear of Snoke’s displeasure as he pressed two fingers to Ren’s throat. There was a pulse. Excellent. He had done it. Pulling his hand away, Hux noticed with alarm a bright red stain where his fingers had touched Ren’s neck. Blood? He tried to wipe it off on his coat. The red persisted. It was too bright and pinkish for blood anyway, it was more like a birthmark, more like… He looked down at Ren’s neck. Two red blotches stood out on his throat. Shit , thought Hux, Fuck, not… not him. Not us. Not now. The surface of the planet was crumbling fast. There’s no time. Hux hoisted the limp body of Kylo Ren over his shoulder and moved as fast as he could thus encumbered to take them to the ship. Once they had made it, Hux let the Ren’s body flop onto the medcenter bunk. The medical personnel trusted with this sensitive mission (to be removed to a far outpost of the Order as soon as possible upon its completion) immediately swarmed around the patient. None of them seemed concerned with Hux, who slumped into a seat at the other end of the ship’s cramped interior, dully watching the physicians go about their work. He removed his glove again, and stared at the red blotches, trying to will them to be something other than what he knew them to be. But the marks stayed put, and no amount of the scrubbing, scraping and scouring Hux was to do over the next week was going to change that. * * * Supposedly, there were several ‘possibles’ out there, but even with more than one possible match the odds were stacked against anyone meeting their marked, and most people never did. Hux’s own parents had married whilst in full knowledge that they were not, and never would be, marked for each other, and they had been… Not happy, exactly, but then Hux had yet to encounter a perfectly happy family, even amongst those who were marked for each other. Ren’s parents were rumoured to have been marked, and their family had hardly turned out the way they had intended. Furthermore, there were people who discovered they were marked for each other who were then forced to live completely separate lives. Some managed. Some didn’t. It was the way of things. Hux hated the very idea of it. The investment placed upon finding your marked was an emotional weakness, actually finding them, potentially even more so. And Ren, of all people. A man he despised as arrogant and hot-headed. Ren – a weak, petulant child! Hux scowled at the marks whenever he was forced to contemplate them. His wearing gloves around the ship was, of course, nothing unusual, for which Hux was thankful. He wouldn’t have been able to stand the whispers if he’d had to have the thing on display for all to see. No one needs to know. Not even Ren. He doesn’t know who rescued him, after all. I’ll tell him they were sent to the Outer Rim for security reasons. All this was easier, of course, whilst Ren remained in recovery. Hux didn’t have to see him, didn’t have a constant reminder of what had transpired at the fall of Starkiller Base. He could put on his gloves and go about his business, and sometimes, he almost forgot the marks were there at all. But Kylo Ren could not stay in the medcenter forever. For one thing, he was by nature impatient, and had been insisting upon leaving his room there since the day he arrived. For another, he had proved extraordinarily resistant to injury, and had healed at an unusually rapid pace. Hux wasn’t sure if this was linked to the Force or not, but it was certainly damned inconvenient, and the very last thing he wanted. When Ren went back on duty, and was again to be found storming around the ship in that ridiculous mask, Hux was careful to show no signs that anything might have changed. He was careful not to try and avoid him - or at least no more than usual – and spoke to Ren in much the same way as he always had. It came easily to him – partly because of his rigorous training and calculatedly professional demeanour, but also because he could convince himself most of the time that nothing had really changed. Even if Kylo Ren realised what the mark on his neck signified, he didn’t know who had made it. However adolescent Ren’s behaviour might seem he wasn’t some lovelorn teenager, he had undergone training at least as rigorous as Hux’s own. Sometimes Hux did feel as though he was being watched when Ren was around, a sensation he had not experienced prior to the rescue. Perhaps he had simply not noticed it before. Perhaps he was being over sensitive, and imagining scrutiny that wasn’t there. It wasn’t like Ren’s eyes were visible through his mask after all. Who knew what the man might be looking at, who he might be watching? ‘Is there anything I should know about?’ Ren had asked him once. ‘Anything I missed whilst out of action?’ Hux hadn’t been able to prevent his eyes from narrowing in suspicion, but he’d responded matter-of-factly, with repairs and updates to the ship, and changes in Stormtrooper training regimens following the defection of FN-2187. Ren had seemed satisfied, and Hux had been relieved. That night, Hux had an unsettling dream. He wasn’t prone to dreaming ordinarily, or at least not to dreams significant enough to remember upon waking up. But this one was different. He’d been in a storm on some backwater planet, the earth around him crumbling just as it had been that day on Starkiller Base. Ren was there with him, without his mask. They fought. Neither had any weapons, and Ren wasn’t using the force – they were scrapping by punching and grabbing at each other the way boys fought in the corridor between classes at the Academy. They fell to the floor, Hux having the upper hand, pinning Ren beneath him. They were that way for only an instant before Ren managed to wrest himself from Hux’s grip, and roll over to reverse the position. Ren’s eyes were dark, and he was close, too close. Hux’s heart was pounding but he didn’t move away when Ren bridging the gap between them by pressing his mouth to the general’s. It wasn’t a kiss as Hux had ever experienced one, not that he had much of a track record in these things. It was open and unabashed and somehow debased, as if each was trying to take control and possess the other. Hux could feel that Ren was hard, as hard as Hux himself had been since the fight began. They moved against each other, breaking away from the kiss, and Ren was at Hux’s neck, sucking and biting and groaning. Hux shifted his head to return the favour, but was confronted with the mark, the birthmark-like blotch on the throat of his adversary. The alarm he felt in that instant was enough to wake him, and he lay in his bed sweating and breathing heavily, still just as erect as he had been in the dream. It was early, earlier even than was his habit to wake, but Hux decided against sleeping again, so unnerved was he by his dream. He went to take a shower, and though the temperature was icy cold, colder than the showers in the Academy had been in their attempt to curb this particular vice, he was unable to refrain from touching himself, worse, from touching himself to the memory of his dream, to what might have happened next had he not been jolted into consciousness. In the hours before his work ordinarily began, Hux tried to distract himself, to distance himself from what had happened, blaming his workload, the unusual strain he’d been under, his lack of opportunity for any kind of release. Liaisons amongst troopers or the lower echelons of command were not exactly discouraged as long as they were purely for the relieving of tension, although Hux himself hadn’t ever partaken of this particular luxury even when further down the Order’s hierarchy. He’d seen it as something which might impede his chances of promotion, and he had probably been correct. Now, of course, there was no one on board with whom he could risk such a dalliance, and no real opportunities to find a willing partner amongst civilians. Shaken though he was, Hux dressed, shaved, and began working on what tasks he could accomplish from within his quarters. Being seen to keep irregular hours by the crew was a step away from routine, and to do anything outside of routine was to risk alarming his subordinates and making them question his suitability for command. No, best not to leave until it was time. Keep things running as they always did, ticking over nicely… The day passed without event. Hux did not even have to face the humiliation of seeing Ren around the ship, as he was reported to be spending the day training. He considered this to be a singular stroke of luck, and went about his duties with an efficiency that surprised even Hux himself. At the end of the day, which had been rather longer than usual thanks to his early start, Hux settled down with a glass of Corellian brandy to look over some field reports. Might as well get a head start on tomorrow’s workload while he had the motivation and drive that came from a successful day. His rest was, however, interrupted by a call on the comm. ‘What is it?’ Hux answered, irritably. He’d been counting on an uneventful evening as a reward for his day’s work. ‘Sorry, General Hux, sir,’ said the man on the other end of the line. ‘but Kylo Ren wants to see you. He said for you to go to his quarters.’ Hux ended the call without saying a word in response. He rested his forehead in his gloved hands. Ren wanted to see him. And the day had been going to well. Briefly, he considered not going, but deemed non-attendance to be more trouble that it was worth. Snoke might consider it to be an act of insubordination, and who knew how much equipment Ren might choose to destroy if displeased? Hux threw his coat over his shoulders and headed out across the ship. Hux didn’t know the code to Ren’s private quarters, and couldn’t see any technological way to make his presence known. Feeling rather foolish, he knocked loudly on the doors, which to his surprise slid open immediately. He walked in. They shut behind him. Ren was sat on a seat by the window, his mask beside him. ‘Good evening, General.’ Ren had a peculiar way of talking even without the mask. Hux didn’t care for it himself, it made Ren harder to read. ‘What is it you want, Ren? I’m officially off-duty at this time. I have other things to attend to.’ Ren let out a low chuckle, as if he knew all too well the details of Hux’s solitary existence. Hux reminded himself that this wasn’t the case – he’d been around Ren long enough to be able to detect any invasion into his private thoughts, and there’d been nothing of the kind. Besides, he could do whatever he liked in his own time, and it would never be any of Ren’s business. ‘I don’t believe you’re ever off-duty, General.’ Hux’s lips pressed into a thin line, but he didn’t say anything. Let Ren talk, let him explain. He had summoned him here after all. Hux looked at the other man’s dark eyes and the pink of his lips, and tried not to think about his dream of the previous night. ‘Do you remember when I asked you to tell me what I’d missed?’ Ren asked, staring away from Hux, and out of the window. ‘Have you anything to add to your account?’ Hux paused, making a show of thinking before he answered. ‘No, I don’t believe I do. May I leave now?’ ‘You may,’ replied Ren. ‘Of course you may , but will you?’ Ren stood up, and pulled away his cowl to reveal the mark on his neck. Hux fought the urge to roll his eyes. Kylo Ren, always one for the unnecessarily dramatic. ‘I don’t know what you’re getting at, Ren.’ Ren glared at him. ‘General, remove your right glove.’ ‘Why should I?’ Hux fired back, then cursed the pettiness of his instinctive response. ‘Why would you not?’ Ren shot back, ‘Unless you have something you desire to keep hidden.’ Resignedly, Hux removed his glove. Fixing Ren with a sullen gaze, he held up his hand to reveal the red marks. ‘Did you not think this might be something worth telling me?’ Ren’s voice was low, and deceptively calm. Hux recognised this tone as the precursor to several of Ren’s destructive fits of rage. Hux went to put his glove back on, but as he did so Ren whipped it away from his hand with an idle flick of his finger. ‘I don’t see why I should have done,’ Hux retorted. ‘This shouldn’t change anything. Frankly, I find it more than a little intrusive of you to have raided my thoughts like this. All this advanced training, just to spy on me?’ Ren’s fists clenched at his side. His whole body was still, as if he was a cobra readying itself to strike. ‘Do you really think that’s how I found out about this? General Hux, I have known since the moment I woke up. Such things cause no small disruption in the Force. I could almost sense it as it happened, even in my unconscious state.’ Hux gulped. His collar suddenly felt very hot and tight. ‘What are you suggesting might have been different if I had told you? Surely you aren’t suggesting this might have changed anything? What did you expect me to do? Elope?’ he suggested, scornfully. ‘I shouldn’t have expected you to understand,’ Ren spat back. ‘A useless military drone, more facts and figures than man!’ ‘Well then do explain,’ Hux replied, with mocking sweetness. He removed his coat, and sat at Ren’s desk. ‘I’m all ears.’ ‘Your soul belongs to me,’ said Ren, in a low voice that coursed with anger and something else that was making him almost tremble. ‘And mine is yours. Our fates are bound together.’ ‘Ridiculous,’ Hux scoffed. ‘People find their marked and then live entirely separate lives all the time.’ Ren scowled. ‘You don’t know much about people Hux, for all your grand speeches.’ ‘And you do?’ Ren paused, and when he spoke again his tone was calmer, although it hardly served to make Hux feel more at ease. ‘I know about the Force. And I know what I felt in it when this happened. We can’t escape this. Maybe no one ever does.’ Hux snorted with derision. ‘That’s all very well, Ren, but you and I both know we can’t stand each other.’ Ren shrugged. ‘Maybe not. But don’t pretend you don’t want me. On some level.’ Hux could feel himself flush, and silently cursed. He hadn’t been let down by an instinctive reaction like this since his days at the Academy. ‘I’m right, aren’t I?’ Ren smirked. ‘Tell me I’m not.’ ‘I’m leaving,’ Hux announced, half-heartedly standing as if to go. ‘I’ve said you can. You still can. But you haven’t.’ Ren moved closer, pausing right in front of Hux. ‘I wonder why that is.’ Hux met Ren’s gaze. Averting his eyes would show weakness, and showing weakness was something he never allowed himself to do. He was filled with a sudden awareness that he wasn’t going to leave, and perhaps had never seriously been planning to. Taking the initiative – because he’d be damned if he wasn’t going to make the first move after all this vacillating – Hux placed a hand on the back of Ren’s neck, and moved in to kiss him. Perhaps Ren was somewhat taken aback, because it took him a split second to respond to Hux’s tongue trying to tease his mouth open, but when he did it was with a singular ferocity and vigour. He pulled Hux tightly to him, and licked his tongue desperately into his mouth with a eagerness that would have disgusted Hux were he not responding to Ren’s touch in much the same way. Finesse was being sacrificed to haste. Ren bit down on Hux’s bottom lip, and he couldn’t help but let out a disgracefully needy moan, prompting Ren to smirk as he licked the bitten flesh. Breaking away from the kissing, Hux rubbed his cock against Ren’s. They were both hard, Hux achingly so. ‘Is there something you’d rather be doing, General?’ ‘For fuck’s sake don’t call me that now. Hux will do.’ ‘Swearing now are we, Hux ? Anyone would think you were feeling… frustrated.’ Hux groaned. Buried in Ren’s shoulder he couldn’t see the other man’s face, but he didn’t need to see to be able to pick up on that level of smugness. ‘You know what I want,’ he snapped. ‘Perhaps,’ Ren conceded. ‘But I want to hear you say it.’ Hux scowled, pulled away, and grasped Ren’s face in his hands. ‘I want you to fuck me. I want you to fuck me so hard I can forget who I am and where I am and how much I utterly despise you. Think you can manage that?’ Ren grinned, and went to unfasten his clothing. Hux began likewise to undress. If they had been more tender lovers, or if they didn’t feel the need to rush to what they wanted, perhaps they might have removed each other’s clothes, slowly and reverently, or quickly and clumsily. But they were who they were, and they both knew it would be faster and less loving this way. ‘Get on the bed and get on your knees,’ Ren told him when they were both naked. Hux did so. He didn’t want to play any more ridiculous games. He knew what he wanted, and if Ren didn’t give it to him, and soon, there’d be hell to pay. Soon Ren was behind him, and, having produced lubricant from somewhere – did he just have it close to hand or could one make use of the Force for such matters? – roughly pushed one, then two fingers inside him. ‘You’ve done this before, right?’ Ren asked him, as Hux tried to get what he could from just the fingers until he was practically fucking himself onto them. It still wasn’t enough. ‘Of course I have,’ growled Hux, ‘Just shut up and do it.’ Ren grabbed Hux and moved him so he was lying on his back. Hux flushed, feeling somewhat exposed, somehow vulnerable. ‘I’d like to see your face when I take you,’ said Ren. It wasn’t phrased as a question, but Hux still felt as if he was being asked for permission, and nodded in response. ‘Do whatever you want,’ he replied, winding his arms around the back of Ren’s neck, ‘But you’d better bloody well get on with it.’ Without further conversation, Ren pushed himself inside Hux. It was almost too much – Ren was big and it had been a long time – but now that Hux had set his mind to wanting it, he damn well wanted it. ‘ Move ,’ he hissed under his breath, and Kylo Ren did. His thrusts came fast and deep, and the sounds of their skin slapping together seemed obscenely loud. Hux bit and sucked at Ren’s neck to keep from crying out too loudly, and Ren reciprocated viciously. The biting was what was driving him over the edge, Hux knew it, and when Ren began to suck and bite at once on a particularly sensitive part of his neck he knew he didn’t have long. He wasn’t the first though. Ren sucked and bit harder as his body began to shudder, and Hux could feel the other man’s cock pulse inside him as he came. Feeling Ren fall apart was what finally did it for him, and as Ren broke away from biting to let out a final moan, Hux reached his own climax, streaking both men’s chests with come. They lay panting, side by side, for some time afterwards. ‘The marks have linked us,’ Ren muttered. ‘There’s no turning back.’ ‘Ah, and we’re back to those damn marks.’ Hux began to rise from the bed, but Ren grabbed his arm. ‘You can stay,’ Ren said, in a tone of judged neutrality. ‘If you aren’t averse to the idea.’ Hux hesitated. Only a few hours earlier such a thing would have been unthinkable, but since then the unthinkable seemed to have been happened with alarming regularity. ‘For a while,’ he conceded. ‘But I must be back in my own quarters well before my work begins.’ This seemed to satisfy Ren, who released his grip. Hux lay back down. They didn’t hold each other, or even touch. Neither would allow themselves so crude a pleasure. But when Hux awoke he realised they had fallen asleep face to face, each curled in the other’s mirror image. He left the warmth of the bed, and dressed with his usual speed and efficiency, but as he went to retrieve the glove that had been thrown across the room, he hesitated before putting it on, and went over to where Ren was asleep. He frowned, and pressed his fingers against the corresponding mark on the other man’s neck. Ren stirred. Hux withdrew his hand. He looked from Ren’s mark to his own and back. An inescapable bond. This will be the undoing of us both, he thought to himself. Two people like us can’t be yoked together without one dragging the other to his doom. Hux steeled himself before making his way out of Ren’s quarters. Maybe we can manage this somehow. Maybe next time I will be able to resist. Beneath his right glove, the marks on his fingers seemed to burn.