“There she is!” shouts Kylo Ren in his irritating voice. “I'm right here, you know,” says Hux, annoyedly, looking annoyed. Rey leaps out of the grimy, poorly-lit booth in the grimy, poorly-lit cantina and moves to whack them both with her quarterstaff. Despite moving with the speed, beauty and grace of a gazelle, Kylo grabs it away from her with the Force, because he's an asshole like that. “Going somewhere, Solo?” he says, channeling his inner Greedo. And his outer Greedo. With the possible exception of skin colour, he really does resemble the deceased Rodian. Rey doesn't waste time saying anything swaggy like “actually, yeah” because George Lucas was kept far away from the dialogue writing this time, so it wasn't necessary to improve everything with improvised one-liners. She jumps out the window. “Shit,” says Kylo, and prepares to throw a tantrum, except he's still holding Rey's staff and is having trouble drawing his lightsaber. “What am I even doing here?” says Hux. “It makes absolutely no sense for me to accompany you on this kind of mission. It actually wouldn't even make sense for you to go on this kind of mission yourself, except that stormtroopers can't hit anything and you're just that kind of stubborn bonehead.” “It was necessary for the plot,” Kylo explains, obnoxiously breaking the fourth wall. “Ouch! Shit! Stop!” Rey's staff has apparently taken on a mind of its own and is zapping and whacking him, little prongs coming out to stab his fingers, because seriously, c'mon, Rey absolutely could and would upgrade her staff to do that. Hux steps back and observes with mild interest. “By the way, I'm still not even sure what you want with her.” “Maybe I just want her,” says Kyle. “There are, like, almost no women in the whole galaxy. Never have been. It's weird.” “Your SJW agenda is showing,” says Hux. “Besides, you're ten years older and almost certainly related, that's really gross. Like, really, really, really gross. Like, utterly disgusting. What the fuck. What the fuck. ” “Now whose agenda is showing?” says Kylo, still fighting the staff. It's an awkward question and the answer would obnoxiously break the fourth wall even more, but fortunately Rey dashes in to save the day at the last moment and prevents that from happening. Rey, meanwhile, ran around the back of the building and reentered through the main doors, and now comes up behind the two of them, draws her blaster and fires off a few shots into each of their knees. They hit the ground like sacks of flour, or maybe bags of trash, draped across each other. Hux is shrieking something about his suede jacket and Kylo is just shrieking, so Rey nimbly scoots in and nabs her staff. Kylo tries to grab her ankle. She kicks him in the face and steps back, accidentally-on-purpose stepping on Hux, who screeches and grabs her leg with his creepy yaoi-hand fingers. “Yikes!” says Rey, which is the first thing she's said. It means “You look like a weasel and/or like someone spat in your coffee. Also you eagerly killed billions of people in case anyone forgot that. A lot of people seem to forget that.” but “yikes” is shorter. She knocks him out with her staff, pries his slimy fingers off her skin, and faces Kylo again. He's managed to get to his feet, furiously brushing cantina-floor dust and sand off his robes (and onto Hux's suede coat). “I hate sand,” he whines, in the most obnoxious voice imaginable, yeah, the most. Rey is out of patience and only says “God, who would have fucking guessed” before knocking him out too. He goes down again definitely like a bag of trash. Rey dusts off her hands and leaves. “Sorry about the mess,” she tells the bartender on the way out. Unlike Han, she doesn't pay him, but also unlike Han, she actually means sorry. She goes off to do wonderful badass things with Finn and Poe and BB-8 and the General. Captain Phasma ends up getting her idiot superiors from the cantina. She slings Hux over one powerful, beautiful shoulder and drags Kylo by the back of his collar as she strides into the sunset. Spectators are moved to tears by the sight of it. THe end. The fucking end. Notes: I just want to scroll my fuckening tumblr feed without seeing nasty abusive incest ships is that too much to ask? that shit puts me off my cereal Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Where Bad Ideas Go To Die aka crack series Next Work →