The Awakening FN-2187 can’t do this. He’d spent years training under the Knights of Ren for a moment like this, and still he can’t do it. He can’t bring down his weapon against innocent unarmed civilians. Lowering his blaster he watches in horror as they are all cut down, their screams and cries filling his head with complete horror. He hadn’t been advanced enough in his training for his own lightsaber and he’s glad for that, it makes it easier for him to disappear between the black and white of stormtroopers and pilots. When he’s finally able to tear his away from the massacre he catches sight of someone being dragged towards the ship, close behind them he sees Kylo Ren. The other man stops for a moment to turn his head towards FN-2187. He can’t see the other’s face, but even without his connection to the Force, FN-2187 knows Kylo Ren knows of his doubts right then. His inability to kill. He can feel his doubts and he's going to kill him because of them. Their eyes stay on each other for another moment before the other disappears within the depths of his ship. FN-2187 stays standings for what feels like forever, until someone finally places a hand on his shoulder and pushes him forward. He turns around to come face to face with Captain Phasmas’s silver helmet. She had been his commander before FN-2187’s abilities with the force had made themselves known and he had been taken to General Hux and Kylo Ren. That had signaled the beginning of his training. And his very complicated relationship with Kylo Ren. - FN-2187 could remember two major events that changed his life during his twenty-three years of existence. The first happened when he was around 13 years old and woke up with a sudden pain against his shoulder blade. He’d lain in bed all night, unable to ignore the burning pain and unable to get any rest. But also too afraid to tell anyone else about it, knowing what could happen to stormtroopers who became defective. It was later when he’d been changing that Nines had pointed a finger at his shoulder that FN-2187 dared to reach back and touch the spot that had only stopped burning recently. He could feel the skin scarred, but couldn’t remember having hurt himself in anyway. “Ben Solo.” Nines had said, his tone questioning. “What does that mean?” FN-2187 didn’t have an answer for that. Neither did he had answers for the second event to twist his world barely two years later. During one of their training simulations FN-2187 had watched in horror as one of his teammates was about to be shot down by one of the droids, unthinking he ran towards both of them and screamed, “no” his hands flying up. And just like that the droid had gone flying away from the other stormtrooper. When the simulation had been suddenly shut down, FN-2187 knew immediately something was wrong. He wasn’t ashamed to admit he’d shaken all the way to a separate room. Even more so when he saw two of the First Order’s highest officers waiting there for him. He’s thankful for his globes because he can feel his hands sweating, more so when he’s ordered to remove his helmet. Kylo Ren steps forward then and starts to slowly walk around him. FN-2187 lowers his eyes and tries to focus on a spot on the ground when Ren wraps his fingers around his chin and lifts his head up. He can see his reflection in the other’s mask. His own fear is staring back at him. FN-2187 swallows but says nothing. Even when he feels something probing against the back of his mind. He does his best to ignore it at first, until he can’t anymore and just like before something inside of him snaps without his control and pushes against the intrusion. Kylo Ren actually takes a step back and FN-2187 is pretty sure this is it for him, this is how he’s going to die. Any moment now the other man was going to pull his lightsaber out and stab him, a quick death if he’s lucky. If he’s not the other might decide to just choke him slowly. He’s actually taken aback when Ren only turns away from him to tell Hux something. The red haired man looks annoyed for a second before nothing happens. Ren turns towards Phasma and speaks up, “Remove FN-2187 from his current dorm and into a private one, make sure he reports for his new training come morning.” FN-2187 can only stand speechless as the two men leave the room, Hux following after the Kylo Ren. Once they are gone Phasma orders him back to his dorm to gather any possessions before he is being led to an unknown part of the base. It isn’t until his first training lesson that he truly understands what is happening. That he’s no longer going to be a stormtrooper under the First order, but a Knight of Ren, under Kylo’s himself command. FN-2187 had known about them, small things that got passed around the base, but he understood they worked directly under Supreme Leader Snoke. But outside of Kylo Ren stormtroopers like him never really interacted with them. Even when his training under Ren’s command had started, FN-2187 didn’t see much of them. Whatever they were doing, he was still not high up enough to be told. - Ren’s sessions were brutal. More often than not FN-2187 found himself lying on the ground, his breath stolen from him and sweating. Ren on the other hand, under his heavy armor, cloak and mask seemed completely unaffected. While his combat skills were better than ever, especially after his one-on-one sessions, his “teacher” wasn’t impressed by FN-2187's use of the force. He needed to use strong emotions like anger and hate to feed of the Dark Side, but no matter how hard he tried FN-2187 couldn’t find those feelings within himself. He’d never harmed anyone and while his relationship with his teammates hadn’t been the strongest and they hadn’t been the nicest towards him—he’d never held it against them. Kylo Ren was not, not surprisingly, impressed by his empathy. When he was sure the other was ready to give up on him, which he wasn’t sure would be such a bad thing. Their training sections only got harder. More than once this just ended with him on the ground, beaten and doing his best to hide the pain. “You’re weak—“ FN-2187 closed his eyes. “Unwilling to use the strength within you—“ Ren was suddenly lifting him up by his shirt and pushing him against the wall. His lightsaber was nowhere in sight, but FN-2187 knew he didn’t need it to kill him. “I’m sorry,” he whispered. “That’s the problem.” Kylo Ren just as suddenly dropped him, turned and left. When FN-2187 made it to his next session, Kylo Ren wasn’t there, but another Knight was. A woman whose name he didn’t know and she didn’t give. She did told him they weren’t going to be bothering with his force training for now, instead focusing on hand to hand combat and melee weapons. In many ways his new teacher reminded him of Captain Phasma, silent but tough. When she gave an order she expected it followed and FN-2187 could be sure she wouldn’t repeat herself. Yet he would have picked her over Kylo Ren any day. “You’re getting better—soon you’ll be able to fight besides the rest of us.” She said once, pride actually evident in her voice. Against his better judgment FN-2187 found himself blushing. Indeed in the past year he’d gotten a lot better. While he sometimes missed the old days working in sanitation over the many days of ending with a spear to the gut, he had to admit his abilities as a fighter had improved for the better. Plus part of him wanted to believe he would finally be respected by others, become more than just another face for the First Order to send out to be gunned down. To be part of a team that respected him. FN-2187 grabbed and pulled his shirt over his head. He picked the staff up and positioned himself for an attack. Managing to avoid any major hits at first and even managing to land some against her armor himself. He was doing pretty well for himself until the door behind him clicked and slid open, it was enough to distract him from his opponent and to end with a hit from her staff to his left brow. He dropped his weapon to reach for his eye, already feeling and smelling the metallic familiar scent of fresh blood. It was warm and sticky between his fingers. His teacher—who still refused to give FN-2187 her name even after all this time, lifted her head to stare at the person behind him. FN-2187 managed to tilt his head back to look straight at Kylo Ren. His blood immediately ran cold. Even with the other’s mask, FN-2187 knew exactly where Ren was looking. It was something he had been ignoring himself for over five years now. The raw looking scar that spelled some unfamiliar name—maybe his own before the first Order had taken him—although he doubted it. “Leave.” FN-2187 began to walk towards the door when the other raised his arm. “Not you.” FN-2187 stops immediately, one hand still pressed against his bleeding eyebrow while they are left alone. When the door slides closed again he watched frozen as Kylo Ren walks towards him. He grabs his shoulder and turns him so his back is against the other man. He hears the ruffle of clothes behind him before cold fingers are pressed against the now familiar scar. FN-2187 shivers at the touch and closes his eyes. After everything he’s survived, at least he won’t look at his killer’s eyes if Ren decided to finally do it. “This mark, has anyone else seen it?” FN-2187 shakes his head, it is a lie, some of the stormtroopers had seen it during their showers together. He’s pretty sure Ren knows too when the grip on his shoulder tightens. “Do you know what it means?” When FN-2187 shakes his head this time, he’s telling the truth. They remain there standing for what feels like hours before Kylo Ren finally removes one of his hands. He’s still holding his shoulder though and FN-2187 jumps when the other speaks up again. “No one else will see it, do you understand me?” FN-2187 nods. “We’ll be working your force abilities again.” FN-2187 can only nod again, but doesn’t move. Not long after Kylo Ren’s hand is gone followed by his footsteps. Once he feels safe he runs outside to find a medical droid to patch up his injury. Just as he is making his way back to his dorm, a stormtrooper comes for him. Leading him towards the bridge where general Hux is waiting for him. “FN-2187.” The man’s expression is unreadable and more than ever he wishes for the anonymously his helmet offered. He knows once his training is over, he will be able to pick a new one for himself, as well as a new title or name if he so wishes. But he wishes he had one now. “You will be joining Ren and the troops down in Jakku.” Hux continues. “Yes, sir.” When the other man steps closer FN-2187 almost takes a step back, but thankfully he remains still. “Ren thinks it will be good training for your—abilities. To see real battle.” FN-2187 finds himself only nodding again. He’s pretty sure Hux doesn’t like him. Deep down he thinks, he’s probably right not to. - Thinking back now, FN-2187 is sure Ren had hoped seen battle and bloodshed would have awaken something within him, the strength to finally tap into the Force—The Dark Side of the Force. Instead it just scares him. He thought he was finally going to be good enough for this. But he knows deep down this isn’t him, this isn’t who he wants to be. He’s shaking when they make it back to the ship. He meets through the chaos of walking bodies their new prisoner. He hears enough from the gossip that soon follows that the man is a Resistance Pilot. A pilot. The idea slips into his mind and refuses to leave once is there. FN-2187 knows his plan is insane. As insane as slipping and stealing a new stormtrooper armor and helmet. It was as insane as then using that to go where the prisoner pilot is being held and actually breaking them out. As completely insane as then with said pilot stealing a TIE-fighter and betraying everything he’d held as true for the past twenty-three years of his life. Everything is happening too fast. One moment he was standing on Jakku and the next he’s helping pilot a TIE-fighter while trying not to get hit. He almost doesn’t hear the pilot when he speaks up. “You see that? Did you see that?” FN-2187 is snapped back to reality when he gets a good hit. “I saw it!” The other calls back. He’s never experienced such a thrill before in his life. “Hey, what's your name?” “FN-2187.” He answers, not really thinking about it. “FN... what?” The pilot responds back. FN-2187 is confused for a second, before he shrugs it off. “It's the only name they ever gave me.” “Well, I ain't using it. FN, huh? Finn. I'm gonna call you Finn. That all right?” The pilot is talking so fast FN-2187 barely catches it all at first. When it does he can’t help but smirk brightly. “Finn. Yes. Finn, I like that. I like that!” He yells back before they are shot down. Chapter 2 : Run, You Clever Boy Summary: Finn crashes and runs from his past, but something changes when he meets Rey. Notes: This chapter might be a bit rushed, but I don't want to spend so much time recapping the entire movie across multiple chapters. I did change some of the scenes and dialogue and cut some stuff out, but I want to get to the real canon divergent between this and the next chapter and then really hit the main story. Also, I did change a well known scene in this chapter, but while writing it, I felt that twist made more sense within the context of this AU. More details about that at the end of the chapter. No beta, all mistakes are mine. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Finn was dying. It was the only explanation for the sudden darkness, pain and heat surrounding him. It was only when he was finally able to tear his eyes open that he realized that no, he wasn’t dying. But unless he moved fast, he would be. Metal pushed against all his sides while he tried to cut himself free from his restrains and crawl out of the remains of his latest prison. His chair and parachute most have ejected during the crash since the ship was nowhere in sight. Once out of immediate danger he began to check himself over. He had a few scrapes here and there and his throat was dry from the heat. But his armor had taken most of the damage from the fall, thankfully, making Finn glad he’d chosen stormtrooper as a disguise instead of his now usual black attire. His stomach dropped when he remembered he hadn’t been running away alone. “POE!” Finn managed to yell out regardless of his sore throat. The man had helped him, given him his new name and Finn had completely forgotten about him for a moment there. He saw smoke in the distance and quickly made his way there, finding the ship in the middle of been consumed by the sand. When his eyes saw a familiar brown coat he ran and rushed to grab it, not caring if he hurt himself in the process. But when he pulled, his hands came up empty. He gripped Poe’s jacket in his arm and continued to call for the other, “Poe! Come on, I need you man, I can’t do this alone!” He was ready to jump in and see if the man was trapped within the metal, when the ground around him began to shake. Finn had no other option but to jump back and watch in horror as the last of the ship disappeared under the sand. Realization hit him like a blast to the gut. He was alone. Then another thought come to him, if he’s to survive this he’s going to have to find a settlement soon. He already feels the heat and thirst. Crashing hadn’t exactly helped him and is not like he’d had time while breaking out a Resistance pilot to gather food and water or any type of resource really. He didn’t even have a weapon with him. Having dropped his blaster when they had gotten inside the TIE-fighter. Maybe he shouldn’t have rushed through his plan like he’d had. He begins to peel away the stormtrooper armor while he walks. While it might protect him from the sunlight, it does doesn't help with the heat and after a couple of hours walking it starts to weight him down more than he remembers. Maybe it was also because he hadn’t really worn one in so long and had practically forgotten just how uncomfortable the whole thing was. Having taken Poe’s jacket he uses it now for protection against the sunlight. He’s not even sure why he’d taken it at the moment, but it had felt like the right thing to do. In their short time together he’d quickly grown fond of the other. The jacket and the name he’d given him would be the only thing Finn would have to remember the pilot--Poe Dameron. His grip in the leather is the only thing keeping him from falling apart, it is a reminder that he is free now. Free from the First Order. Free from being a Stormtrooper and free from being a Knight of Ren now. He has no idea where he was going, but something in the back of his mind that he can’t fully understand, but has some idea what it is, tells him he’s going the right way. Walking for hours under the heated sun of Jakku is not how Finn had planned to spend his day. But it is still better than the alternative. Although a different thought crosses his mind. Once they had studied planets he’d always heard about how these desert planets sometimes could get really cold the moment the sun went down. Finn tried not to think too much about that, not when he could already see the bright blue sky, take a reddish hue. Just when it was getting harder to ignore the approaching nightfall, Finn saw it, in the distance, an outpost. His heart almost sings. He’d been certain he was either die of a mix of hunger and thirst, or frozen. His legs can’t move fast enough until he finally makes it there. And then promptly throws himself face first in the nearest available water source. Some beast or another is drinking from it too and the taste almost makes him pull back to throw up, but Finn doesn’t care anymore because it is water and it is the best water he’d had ever. It is the only water he’s had after hours of wondering the open desert planet of Jakku. He’s barely catching his breath in relief when a commotion nearby remind him where he is, pulling him out of his newly found bliss. Finn has to walk closer to see what is happening—someone, a young woman, is being surrounded while a small white and orange droid is being grabbed by another. White and orange droid. Suddenly Finn is back in the TIE-flyer with Poe Dameron to his side and the man is talking about having to go back to Jakku for that droid. About how important that droid was for finding Luke Skywalker. At that moment Finn had only cared about running, but seen the small droid, the girl, his grip on soft leather, something within him snaps and he’s moving forward. It is also for completely for nothing because before he even takes ten steps to aid the strange woman, she’s managed to overpower her attackers and free the droid. Finn stands dumbfounded when eyes suddenly turn to him. The droid bleeps something and her expression suddenly changes—and it is the most terrifying expression Finn has seen in his life. To be fair the scariest people in his life had been Phasma and Kylo Ren, and technically he’d never seen their faces. But even then, he’s sure the woman suddenly running towards him, would have given the two of them a run for their credits. He’s so focused on running away from her, that he misses when the woman is suddenly standing in front of him nor does he see when her staff comes down on him. Finn barely has a second to react before the impact sends him sprawling towards the ground. If either of his teachers had been there, they probably would have killed Finn themselves for letting himself be so easily overpowered or missing his opponent taking a shorter route. She also probably knows this place better than he does. “What did I do?” Finn manages to barely get out before the droid to his side shocks him electricity. “You stole that jacket form it’s master!” The woman translate, her staff pointed at him. Finn flinches but makes no attempt at moving. He just saw her beat up armed opponents, what chance does he stand when his only possession isn’t even really his. “No!” Something heavy drops over him, the same feeling from the village, watching all those innocent civilians mauled down by blasters. “This jacket belonged to Poe Dameron—” He drops his eyes towards the droid, and tells them everything he knows. How Poe had been captured by the First Order. How Finn had then helped him escape, but their ship had been hit and they had crashed. And lastly how Poe hadn’t made it out, buried under the weight of metal and sand. He also tells them he’s part of the Resistance, which the moment it leaves his mouth he regrets. But he’s only option is between telling them he was an ex-Stormtrooper and later apprentice to the Knights of Ren and lying. If anyone finds out he was with the First Order, he will be lucky if they kill him right there. Alternatively, they could drag him back, he’s pretty sure they would have a good recompense for a deserter and a traitor who helped a revel pilot escape. It really is the mention of Luke Skywalker and the map that seems to get the young woman’s attention before she is asking him for his name. “Finn.” Is not complete a lie. And the smile she gives him when she tells him her name is worth it. Rey. He’s certain she wouldn’t be smiling if he’d told her the truth, it is enough of an incentive to ignore the guilt in the back of his mind. Finn wanted to say more, but then his saw them. Familiar white armor against the vast desert, Stormtroopers. He heard the ships before he even saw them, and suddenly without thinking about it, which seemed to be happening a lot recently, grabbed Rey’s hand and ran. The blast behind them had enough force to send both of then flying and hitting the ground. But Finn didn’t have time to think about the pain when Rey herself was suddenly grabbing his own hand and leading them both towards one of the ships in the junkyard. They had barely made it halfway towards it when the whole thing went up in flames and suddenly turning around and running towards another. “I thought you said that one was garbage!” Finn managed to scream over the noise of blasters. They didn’t have much of a choice either way. For someone who was piloting the enormous metallic death trap, Rey was good. Finn without thinking went for the guns, ignoring a familiar recent memory of doing this with another pilot. Be it through the Force or pure luck, they managed to outrun the First Order, and all Finn could see for a moment, was open sky. Freedom. Which lasted for about ten minutes before they were captured, again. Han Solo was something else. The Order didn’t really offer the type of environment that welcomed stories and fairy tales. But in the quiet of the dark Finn had grown up hearing the tales of the heroes of the old war. Luke Skywalker, Han Solo, Leia. Hearing about it didn’t prepare him for actually meeting one of the legends on person. Han was, well, normal. He wasn’t sure what he’d been expecting, maybe some sort of ancient deity come to life. Gunning down Stormtroopers like he’d once been. Definitely not an aging man, who looked like he’d walked through life holding the weight of the world on his shoulder. But then considering the legends Finn had heard about, maybe that wasn’t so far off. Han offered to drop them off, which Finn was fine with. His past put a target on his head. But Rey was on her feet instantly. Reminding Finn about BB-8 and the map to Luke Skywalker and telling Han how Finn was part of the resistance. He felt the man’s eyes on him instantly and tried not the shudder. With all the excitement all of that had escaped his mind. “Yeah—Resistance pilot here.” His forced smile probably screams fake, but if Han Solo notices he doesn’t comment. That’s it until they land on Takodana, Rey steps ahead with BB-8 rolling behind her, and suddenly Finn feels a hand on his arm. He jumps slightly and turns to look at Han’s neural expression. “Women always find out.” The man says coldly before he follows after the others. Finn stands dumbfounded his heart beating loudly against his chest. He should have known. Han Solo had been part of the Resistance for almost three decades. He probably can tell its members from systems away. Finn should be glad he hasn’t said anything to Rey yet, but his words hunt Finn’s mind all through their meeting with Maz Kanata. It is a reminder that he’s living a lie and he can’t—he watches Rey through the whole thing and only speaks up when they start talking about stopping the First Order. It is an impossible task and he tells them so. Finn grew up under its shadow. He knows exactly what they are capable of doing. Blood and burning flesh flashes through his mind and he almost throws up right there. The only option they have is running. Running as far away from the First Order—from Kylo Ren and the dread Finn had felt when the other man had looked at him on Jakku. Rey’s words are enough for him to break ‘you’re resistance’. “I’m not!” He snaps back, harsher than he intents and just as quickly regrets it when she flinches back. “I was a stormtrooper, Sanitation and then—” And then I wasn’t. I was taken by Kylo Ren because I am apparently Force Sensitive and he wanted to turn me into one of his Knights so I could keep killing for them. And I couldn’t do it because I am a coward who until recently had never killed anyone on his life. And now he has blood on his hands, the blood of his old comrades and Finn can’t see it, but he can feel it and it’s thick and heavy and he knows he’s never going to be rid of it. He wants to tell her all of that, but he can’t find the words. Something sour and hard lies in the back of his throat. “And now I am a deserter to the First Order, I can't go back.” He says instead. “I just want to be free.” Finn looks away then, unable to watch the disappointment in his friend’s eyes. Even when he stands up to talk to the crew Maz Kanata points at, the one that can get him out of all of this. He’ll find a corner in this universe and pray the Order never finds him. He’s in the middle of negotiations when he watches Rey run by. BB-8 follows, close to her heel and Finn turns around to his “new friends” and tells them not to leave without him. Something happened. He’d felt it. He knows he needs to talk to Rey before he leaves, before he never sees her again and ends up regretting everything. But before he even steps outside he hears them. TIE-fighters. He’s taking cover just as the walls around them come down on them. Through the chaos Finn manages to find his companions. Maz Kanata grabs him by the arm and places something solid and cold against his open hand. "You have to get this to Rey." Finn doesn't need to be gold what it is. He might have never handled one himself. But he's seen Kylo Ren's, had seen it used to cut down an unnarmed man. He closes his fingers around the metal and nods. Ships are already locking down on the ground as a sea of white leaves them, stormtroopers. This is no longer some small mission. They no longer care if the Senate knows of their doings out in the open. This is an open war now. A new shiver runs down his spine and without realizing he tightens his grip on the hilt of the lightsaber. He has no idea where Rey is. Wishes he'd been better during his lessons with Kylo Ren about the Force. Maybe he would have been able to locate his friend through the chaos. He watches the approaching stormtroopers, and then he turns to Ham and Chewbacka. "I need a weapon too." "You have one." Maz Kanata snaos back, her eyes on the weapon on his hands. "I don't know how to," he begins. This was too advanced for him. He's practiced sparing with Ren and his Teacher. But a lightsaber was a whole other monster. Unfortunately there was no time for doubt when a blast sent rock and dirt their way. He got in position, trying to remember what his teachers had done during their sessions and attacked. Something changed within him. Like an invisible force was leading every dodge and every strike. He tried not to think about the faces behind familiar white mask. He was fighting for himself, for Rey, for his friends. And he was almost winning when he'd heard it. "Traitor!" Finn turned to see a cloaked figure approaching. Double-bladed spinning lightsaber on hand. Red against the colorful background. For a second he saw Kylo Ren standing among the flames and destruction. Until he recognized the figure, the silver mask hiding her face, not like a stormtrooper’s helmet. Finn had never seen her in full armor like this. But the bite between that word could have only come from her. His mind flashed back to that same voice only months prior. You're getting better. Soon you'll be able to fight besides the rest of us. The pride in her voice that had made him blush, praise was not something he’d often received, not even from Phasma. He didn't have time to dwell on the memory before the hiss of the lightsaber reminded him he was in the middle of a battlefield. Finn just barely managed to dodge the attack. He knew he was out of his element. He's never fought with a lightsaber and she had years of combat and training. He’d experience some of it himself during their sessions Finn knew he needed to put as much distance between himself and her lightsaber. He managed to block a couple of her attacks before she finally snapped the lightsaber right out of his hands. The force of her attack enough to send him backwards. He watched in horror as she lifted her own weapon, ready to strike down before the flash of red sent her flying backwards. Her own weapon flew from her grip as her body slammed against one of the broken walls before dropping towards the ground. Unmoving. Finn didn't need to move and reach for her to tell she was dead. Someone was pulling him up, Han, before the three of them were surrounded. Han at some point had grabbed his dropped weapon, which one of the stormtroopers took from him as well as their other weapons. Before they were been led away. Finn managed one last look back towards the figure before it disappeared from view. They'd killed one of the Knights of Ren. If Finn had been a dead man before. He'll be lucky if Kylo Ren gave them a quick death now. He'd been preparing himself for the worst when the Resistance flew in, literally. Han's face besides him lit up immediately as a shower of red and green suddenly surrounded them. Without thinking about it his hands flew to cover his head from the debris. The troopers besides them where either shot down or ran for cover. Through the whole thing Finn's eyes caught a flash of silver. On the ground besides a Allen trooper laud the lightsaber. He reached down and grabbed it. Rey. He needed to get this to Rey. He felt it then. The same feeling that had led him to Rey in the first place. He turned around. Searching out until he saw it. Black. And a small familiar figure in his arms. Finn ran. Not away from his trouble like he’d been doing so much of recently, but right towards Kylo Ren and Rey’s disappearing forms. He hadn’t even realized he’s been screaming for her until the ship disappeared within the clouds and his throat ached. Notes: I know the lost of TR-8R is hard, but I felt like within the context and the fact that by my timeline Finn had been training under Kylo/The Knights of Ren for around two to three years, it made more sense to use one of them in this fight since Finn at that point was showing strong promise as one of them, and not a stormtrooper like in the film. Also, I tried to look around to see if the Knights of Ren abilities were explained in any of the canon sources while deciding what weapon she would use, and since I didn't find anything I made them Force Sensitive, because they remind me of the Inquisitorius in Star Wars: Rebels. http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Inquisitorius http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Double-bladed_spinning_lightsaber Just with a new fancy name. And yes her weapon would be like the ones they use. This will likely change in the future in canon as more about them is actually revealed, but for the sake of this story, just think of them as that. Chapter 3 : The Bond Summary: We catch up to the movie's timeline, and learn some truths along the way. Notes: I apologize for the lateness of this chapter, but this one has a lot of exposition and dialogue that I needed to get through the timeline of the film as fast as possible. I don't love it, but I want to get it out there to get to the plot. Also, I changed the age Finn gets his mark because 13 is around the age younglings became a padawan, and as this chapter reveals, it will make more sense. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He knew there was nothing he could do to stop what was happening. Once more he was helpless against the actions of the First Order. It wasn't bad enough that they had stolen from him his childhood, his only friend was now their prisoner. He grasped the lightsaber in his hand. If only he'd made it to Rey sooner, if only. If only. Those two words start running through his mind over and over again until it is the only thing he can think about. The same force that had led him through Jakku to Rey, who had directed his every step with the lightsaber was back and stronger than ever. He could feel it building up, taste it in the back of his throat. An all consuming flame from within his core, raw and untouchable and as overwhelming as a dying supernova. It didn't stop, not even when the ground under his feet began to shake under its raw power. "Finn?" Someone was calling his name from somewhere nearby, but he wasn't listening anymore. His eyes began to cloud with tears. If only he'd been strong enough to save his friends. "Finn you have to stop." If only he'd been as brave as Poe Dameron who looked straight at Kylo Ren and joked. Maybe he would have been there when Rey had ran away, when Kylo had come for her. "FINN!" There were suddenly two strong arms around him pulling him backwards against a hard--and hairy surface. He did nothing as he was flipped around, and his head was buried in soft fur. Chewbacca. Finn closed his eyes and allowed the stream of tears to fall. Suddenly too overwhelmed to care how weak and stupid he probably looked. The lightsaber slipped slipped from between his fingers and hit the ground with a soft click against stone. His arms weren't long enough to reach around the wookiee, but it didn't matter. Finn lifted his arms and gripped the other as tight as his suddenly tired body would allow. "I failed." He murmured between sobs. "We're gonna get her back, kid." Han answered from somewhere nearby. "But we have to go now." Finn didn't really want to move. But a familiar sound finally forced him to step back. His heart almost jumped out of his chest when he saw BB-8 figure rolling out of the forest. The little droid continued to beep as it made its way towards them. Finn managed to pull himself from the wookiee’s embrace to kneel on the ground to meet the droid. He’d thought that with Kylo having taken Rey, BB-8 had become another causality of the Knight or had been taken too. “The map?” Solo was besides the droid immediately. BB-8 beeped something to the man before pulling the memory chip out. Finn breathed out on relief. At least—at least Kylo hadn’t gotten the map. “What do we do now?” Save Rey. Finn knew deep down that was the only thing that mattered down. It was not something he wanted to do alone, but if Solo refused to help he would. There was no way he was going to leave his only friend to be tortured or worse. Plus Rey had seen part of the map and if Kylo Ren found out, Finn knew the other would be able to rip that information from her mind. “There is someone we need to talk to—“ Solo’s eyes were on Finn before he looked around, “About this.” That’s when Finn saw it. The ground around them was cracked and the trees closer had been bent backwards, almost like they had been trying to pull away from an unseen force. His face burned with guilt. This was not an after effect of the battle. There was a different, but no less familiar voice in the back of his mind now. “Ren thinks it will be good training for your—abilities. To see real battle.” Finn couldn’t help but think that maybe Kylo Ren had finally gotten what he’d wanted of his student. As they began to walk towards the newly arrived Resistance, Finn could feel Solo’s eyes in the back of his head. He knew. The time for half-truths was over. - The Resistance was everywhere, pilots and officers. It should be familiar, he grew up around soldiers. But here he’s never felt more like an outsider. Han Solo is walking away, towards one of the last ships to land. Finn is thinking about following after the older man when BB-8 almost rolls over his foot in a rush as it made its way towards the X-Wings. He watched as one of the pilots stepped down. The droid clearly recognized them, but then he’d been part of The Resistance, it wouldn’t be so strange that he would have recognized one of his old master’s fellow pilots. Finn watched with a soft smile on his lips as the pilot reached down to oat the top of BB-8 head, and then turn towards him. His heart practically stopped when he saw the face. But it couldn’t be? “Poe? Poe!” His walk turned into a run before he met the pilot halfway and they embraced. “Poe Dameron, you’re alive!” Poe laughed and patted him on the shoulder. “So are you!” “How?” Finn finally asked when they pulled apart and the other explained how he’d woken up alone, no Finn and no BB-8. He’d managed to get back to the Resistance on pure luck, believing his failure a mission. “You completed my mission, Finn.” Finn almost cried at those words. It wasn’t something he’d done alone, nor had he done it out of bravery. But Poe’s happiness was infectious and he found himself smiling back, once more. Poe looked Finn over for a second before he blurted out in surprise. “That’s my jacket.” “Sorry—” Finn moved to pull it off when, when Poe stopped him and pushed it back towards Finn. “Keep it. It suits you. You’re a good man, Finn.” Finn grasped the leather and did almost cry for real. “Poe, I need your help.” - General Organa was terrifying. If it wasn’t for Poe dragging him towards her, Finn might have just been frozen on the spot the moment her eyes fell on him. Han Solo was also standing beside her, a look of confusion and worry on his face. Finn swallowed and allowed for Poe to do the talking. Once Poe was done explaining the General walked towards him and grabbed his hand. “Thank you, for everything you have done.” Out of selfishness, Finn wanted to tell her, but kept his mouth shut. “We’re going to get your friend back, but first we need to talk, in private.” When she said that Poe turned to look at him, confused, Finn shrugged and offered the other man a smile before he was being pulled aside. The room was small and lit by a single light, but probably one of the few still standing buildings, Han Solo and Chewie were there, as well as a droid Finn didn’t recognize. It’s red hand out of place against its golden body. “We’re leaving for D'Qar immediately, but Han thought we needed to talk before you left.” The man stepped towards the light. Finn couldn’t read his expression at all. “What are you? What you did out there—I’m going to bet that’s not normal Stormtrooper training.” Finn shook his head. There was no reason to lie anymore. He needed their help after all and his secret was out there anyway. “It’s a long story.” “Then you better hurry, we’re leaving for D'Qar soon.” Han crossed his arms, but kept his eyes on Finn. “About—10 years ago, I started to have strange dreams. Darkness, rain—screaming.” It wasn’t something he’d allowed himself to think about. Had even forced himself to forget. “I woke up with a strange mark on my shoulder that night and the nightmares continued for years after.” He wants to hide himself away in Poe’s jacket, but instead forces himself to continue. “Then around five years after the nightmares began I—I destroyed a training droid without even touching it. It was about to take down one of my…fellow troopers. I panicked and had no idea what I was doing. Felt like something else was guiding me.” He did close his eyes, visualizing the memory. “That’s when they came for me, Kylo Ren and the other Knights. They told me I was one of the ‘lucky ones’, they targeted us, top of the class, the 1%, used to disappear.” Not all became Knights. Some were given other elite positions, as commanders, officials or even pilots. Finn had been one of the very few who had gone under Kylo’s command himself. “I started training with Kylo Ren soon after.” He ignores the visible flinch from Solo and continued on. “But, my “abilities” wouldn’t manifest, not the way he wanted. After that I thought they were going to send me back to Phasma,” at the General’s raised eyebrow Finn added, “my Stormtrooper captain. But instead I was trained by another of the Knights.” He hadn’t understood why. He wasn’t special. His Force abilities had been weak and while he was a good fighter. There had to have been others who were better than him. “Then, I saw my first battle with them—and I couldn’t do it.” He wished for Poe to be there, or Rey. He felt like he was being judged and he had no one to reach out to. “I helped Poe escape, met Rey and BB-8 and then,” he looks at Han, “we came across you and here we are.” General Organa reached and places a hand on his shoulder, smiling softly up at him. “You don’t need to be afraid, what you did was brave. You risked your life to save Poe and then you risked it again for your friends. Not everyone has the strength to go against a lifetime of conditioning like the Order must have put you through.” “You mentioned a mark—is it a name?” Finn nods, not sure how she could have known that. But the General nods too. “After the massacre of the First Jedi Order, a few Jedi survived and ran. I met—some of them. The lucky few.” She smiles sadly. “The Empire created the Inquisitors to hunt them down, them and anyone who showed any type of Force sensibility. Assuring they would not be able to train a new generation of Jedi. But the Force is powerful and it is smart, it found ways to bring them together, new teachers and new students to keep it alive.” “I don’t understand?” “Force bond,” Leia adds, “A new way to lead possible younglings and padawans to their teachers, connecting them in a way the Jedi of old were not to better strengthen their bonds. I suppose to assure they would be able to aid one another better during training and combat. Those who are connected through the Force naturally work together, are pulled towards one another. Keeping each other balanced and anchored. Away from the temptation of the Dark Side.” She smiles again, and looks at Solo. “My brother and I were connected in a similar way. Of course by the time we met I had other things to do, becoming a Jedi was just not something for me. But he was able to acquire other students.” Her voice gets sad at the last part. “And then he lost them.” “So—the name, whoever they are is supposed to be my teacher?” Leia nods at that. “And I’m supposed to find them.” “We’ll help you, once we get Luke and your friend back.” Finn nods and smiles. “Thank you.” “So, who is the lucky person?” Han Solo asked with a smirk. Finn looks between the two of them. “Ben Solo.” He does not miss the way the General’s eyes widen and her face goes pale. “What’s wrong?” “Oh child—‘ Leia begins, but it is Han who finishes. “Ben Solo is Kylo Ren’s true name.” Finn almost throws up. He’s thankful when one of the commanders runs in and informs them they are ready to depart. - He tells them all he knows about Starkiller Base, assures them he can get the shield down, but has to be there. He’s not sure how he’s going to manage it, but it doesn’t matter because he’s going to be there to save his best friend. He’s grateful that all the planning leaves him no time to think about the latest revelation. He’d been so focused on getting away from the First Order, only to realize he was forever connected to one of its most prominent members. A murderer. “It just means the Force thinks you too would work well together—it doesn’t mean you have to accept Kylo Ren as your teacher. Once we get Luke back, you can study with him. General Organa had told him. “I have seen what the Force is capable off,” Han had added, “but it doesn’t always get it right and it doesn’t mean we can’t pick our own paths. Leia didn’t become a Jedi, she chose to stay and fight against the Dark Side in her own way. And so can you.” He was grateful for their words. The idea of being able to pick his own destiny was novel to him. But he wanted to believe it to be true. That night he dreams of Rey. Her face, her strength and her light helped through the night. Deep down he knows that she refused to be broken. And neither will Finn. - The mission goes a lot better than expected. By the time they get there Rey has managed to break herself free. Unfortunately before they can make it back to the Millennium Falcon they watch as the resistance loses half its pilots. They know they won’t be able to bring the whole thing down—not alone. Han Solo is the one who thinks about using the explosives to weaken the base long enough for Poe and his men to take the final shot. They stumble back into the depths of Starkiller base and then watch with smugness as the whole thing goes up in flames. But it gives Kylo Ren enough time to locate and reach them. Finn watches in horror as the man goes after Han Solo, slicing his lightsaber across Han’s back and cutting his left arm right off. Han’s scream rings through the icy wind like a howl. Without thinking about it Finn’s grabbing the lightsaber meant for Rey and taking the Knight head on. Fighting Kylo Ren is nothing like fighting the Stormtroopers or his old teacher. He can see Rey and Chewbacca trying to help Solo up, but he knows they won’t have enough time to make it to the ship and Kylo is going to be done with him any minute now. He feels it with each clash of the other’s unstable blade. “Traitor!” Kylo screams, pushing Finn deeper into the forest. Kylo manages ot get in one good hit that forces the lightsaber out of his hand, he doesn't have enough time to react before Kylo extends his hand and Finn goes flying backwards until his body slams against one of the trees. “Finn!” Finn watches in horror as Rey starts running towards them. “Rey, no! Run! Get out of here!” But the lightsaber Finn had just dropped suddenly goes flying through the air and right into her open hand. “Leave him alone.” And her face is twisted in rage and Finn can’t bear to watch it consume her. Kylo Ren is going to kill her. They are now both fighting each other, but Finn still can’t move. He does watch Chewbacca carrying an unconscious Han Solo towards where he knows their ship is waiting for them. If they get there, then maybe his friends will be able to make it out before the planet crumbles. Rey is holding up better than Finn expected for someone who had never fought with a lightsaber. But Kylo has better control over the Force and Finn knows the fight is over the moment Rey’s next hit stops mid swing. Her eyes widen with realization, but instead of being flown back like Finn had been, he watches in horror as her body is lifted off the ground. Rey is gasping and reaching for her throat with her free hand. And for the first time since he’s known her, Finn sees fear in her eyes. “Let her go! Please!” But Kylo isn’t looking at him. In fact Kylo isn’t paying attention to him at all when Finn flops towards the snowy ground with a grunt. “I’ll come with you! If you let her go…I’ll be your apprentice! Just don’t hurt her.” Warm tears are streaming down his face now. Rey’s eyes have turned from Kylo towards him and she is just barely manages to shake her head. “That’s what you wanted, right? After you saw my mark—your true name. That’s why you sent me to Jakku. So I could see—” Rey falls to her knees. Her hand is still massaging her throat, but she is breathing. She’s still alive. "I’ll come with you. Forever.” When Kylo turns around, he’s grinning, victorious, and then his world turns black. Notes: I'm a sucker for soulmate bonds, but I hope this was a better twist? I really wasn't sure if Han Solo was going to live or die like in the movie, so I compromised. I hope you guys enjoyed this one. I know it is a bit shorter than the last one, but it had enough exposition as it was. Will Finn be doomed to be Kylo's apprentice? Will Chewbacca save everyone's asses??? What did I do to poor Han? Chapter 4 : Second Awakening Summary: After the destruction of Starkiller Base, we meet up with Finn and Rey. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey can only watch as her life slowly spills out of her. She knows this is it. She’s seen the look in Kylo’s eyes back in Jakku. Right before someone lost their life. Then the unexpected happens because Kylo isn’t paying attention to her anymore. She suddenly finds herself on her knees looking in horror as Finn suddenly drop forward from where he’d just be pressed against a tree. Kylo is already waiting for him, easily lifting him up over his shoulders. Rey knows what’s happening just as she knows there is nothing she can do to stop it. It doesn’t actually stop her from trying. “Finn.” Her voice croaks from the pressure Kylo had put on it. It suddenly all clicks together. How easily Kylo had moved away from her once Finn had offered himself up. This is what this was all about. He’d used her knowing Finn would come running back for her—she was probably the only thing in the universe that would have gotten him to step back within Kylo’s reach. They’d both been used and they had both fallen into the K night of Ren’s trap without even realizing it. She watches powerless as a small ship appears in the sky and lands a couple of feet away from Kylo and Finn, a red haired man comes into view after a couple of seconds and waits for the Knight of Ren to get into the ship with Finn. His eyes move over Kylo’s shoulder to watch Rey and for a moment she feels a shiver go through her. She has no idea who this man is but she knows wherever they are taking Finn, he’ll have no kind souls around. She’s crying now, knows the moment the ramp goes up and the doors close that Finn will be lost to her. The ship disappears as the ground around her begins to crumble away. Her body finally gives up under her as she stumbles and falls against the hard frozen ground. The only person to have ever come back for her is gone and she is probably going to die in here. She tightens her grip on the lightsaber and breaths in the harsh cold. When she feels something warm embracing her and lifting her up, she doesn’t fight it. Too tired and cold at this point. Her vision has blurred form her tears and the weariness of her body, but she knows it’s Chewbacca who is now leading her towards the Millennium Falcon. She feels the ground shake one last time before her eyes slide close and she welcomes the warmth that unconsciousness offers. When she wakes up she can’t see anything at first, but she’s surrounded by something heavy, soft and warm and someone has wrapped a hand against the back of her head and is trying to lift her up before pressing something warmth and wet against her lips. “Drink, we need to stabilize your internal temperature.” She doesn’t recognize the voice, but it’s warm and comforting so she does as she is told and lets them lead her down against something soft. She remembers Chewie, she’s lived all of her life without anyone to trust. But they came back for her, Han, Finn and Chewbacca, so she lets herself relax for the first time in her life. The second time she wakes up, it’s to too bright lights and white walls. She hears people talking, but when she turns her head she sees two familiar figures. Han Solo is lying on the bed next to her. He’s unconscious, but she can see bandages sticking out from under his clothes. Chewbacca is there too, as well as two people she doesn’t recognize. One of them, a man with dark curly hair and the brightest smile she has seen looks up and sees her. “You’re awake.” At this the woman sitting beside Solo turns around and smiles too. “Poe, go and get the nurses.” She has barely finished and the man is already is already running around the bed and disappearing from sight. She recognizes her voice from somewhere—a memory long lost. “Where am I?" She asks, voice hoarse. “Safe.” The woman replies, Rey doesn’t know who she is, but she believes her. She’s holding Han’s undamaged hand in hers and there is a softness in her expression that reminds Rey of what home most feel like. It reminds her of the way Finn looked at her. The memory of Finn’s limp body forces a sob from her. Rey closes her eyes, feels warmth tears running down her cheek. Feels shameful that she’s already showing weakness around these people, but suddenly there is a hand on her sounder and one holding her hand. She looks up to find that the woman moved from Han side to hers. “Don’t worry, we’re going to get him back.” Rey wants to ask if she mans Finn or Luke, but before she can the medic droid and an older woman finally join them. - Finn dreams. At first he dreams of Rey and the Millennium Falcon. She’s saying something he can’t hear, but he knows they’re going somewhere important. He then dreams of Solo, watches frozen while Kylo strikes the man, his own father, down. He dreams of Poe and General Organa. He even dreams of his own FN-teammates. He dreams of fire and rain and screams that chill his bones. He dreams of an old man standing alone somewhere—waiting. He then dreams of more faces he doesn’t recognize. It should be unnerving, but around them he feels safe. One of the figures suddenly turns and approaches him. He’s bald, skin like his own and wearing light and dark brown roes. There’s a serenity in his expression that speaks of years of knowledge. He touches Finn’s shoulder and speaks with a voice that demands respect, “The strength of the Jedi is in your blood, let it lead you and you will find you way home—as long as you remain strong and don’t let the darkness consume you. Know that—” “—we’re here with you,” another voice finishes. He feels their hands on him, warm and familiar. They’re still talking but after a while their words begin to blend together. When a sudden silence falls around him he looks up. They’re all looking away from him, towards the distance, someone else is coming. They all fade away and Finn is left in the baseness of a dessert. It almost reminds him of Jakku. There is someone else there. Unlike the other his robes are darker. His hair is long and curled and falls just over his shoulders. There’s a sadness in him that Finn has never felt before. “Bring him home, he’s not yet lost. We can still bring balance to the Force. The others don’t think…” The man smiles sadly. “But they thought neither could I.” “If he ‘s lost to us, the longer you remain at his side, then so will you.” Finn turns away from the dark haired man to another. His hair a shade of red and brown that his beard matches. “You’re connected, more so than you realize.” The bearded man puts his arms on his shoulders. “You need to leave this place. Our reach is weakened here.” - When he finally wakes up it is to tears running down his face. The memory of Rey chocking. Of Han Solo’s body hitting the ground. The faces of his dreams already fading, taking with them their words. Once he manages to pull himself together he realizes he has no idea where he is. It doesn’t feel like a ship or one of the other First Order bases. There is no familiar silver metal surrounding everything. The room is as cold as Starkiller Base, but it is dark grey rock that surrounds him. Everything seems to be made out of the cool material, but the bed and a table and chair sitting in one of the corners. There are no windows either. And the whole room smells like it hasn’t been aired out in years…or cleaned from the thin layer of dusk he can make out covering everything. In fact the only thing he’s sure has been cleaned recently are the sheets in the bed. That’s when he realizes something important. Poe’s, his, coat is gone. In fact all of his clothes have been replaced. He’s now wearing what he knows to be the sanctioned bedclothes most First Order officials get. They’re softer and more expensive than what Stormtroopers would normally get, but they share the same chemical smell and feel. He starts panicking when a look around the room reveals neither his old clothes nor his jacket. The clothes he is wearing now are a bit loose on him and obviously belonged to someone taller, but not necessarily that well-built that they’re going to slip right off him. On the table there is a set of black robes he puts on only because it is cold and starts to walk. It is only when he has this on that he realizes there is in fact something of him in the room, his shoes. Someone had moved them under the bed. He grabs and puts those on too and steps towards the heavy metal doors. To Finn’s surprise they aren’t locked. In fact they roll open the moment he steps close enough to them. This feels too much like a trap. But can’t bear to stay in that room, waiting for who knows what to come from him. He walks around for what feels like hours until a voice from behind him makes him jump in surprise. “You’re awake.” Finn turns around to see a familiar red head standing by one of the corridors, his arms crossed over his shoulders. General Hux. The man seems to take Finn’s form in before pushing himself off the wall. He has no idea how he managed to slip on him like that. It makes him uneasy instantly and he can’t help but wonder if there is more to Hux than he lets on. He doesn’t want to be alone with him. “Where is Kylo Ren?” Where is anyone. Finn had been wandering around through the maze of corridors and had seen no one. He’s sure now that whatever this place was, it had been some sort of temple at one point. He’s seen a couple of figures, religious ones he’s sure, and some written text he’d never seen before. “Completing his training.” Hux replies with a shrug. “It’s just the two of us for now. You can continue with your, I am sure, entertaining journey of this place. Or you can join me for dinner.” There is something so normal about the other man makes the offer that makes Finn even more uneasy. Like the General is trying to be formal and friendly, while he still looks at him the same way a predator looks at a possible prey. “Aren’t you afraid I’ll overpower you and escape?” Finn finally asks. This only gets him a chuckle from Hux, who is already turning around and walking down the corridor he’d apparently come from. Finn realizes he has no other choice but to follow. They eat some dry fruits Finn doesn’t recognize and wonders if are native of whatever planet they are on. There is insta-bread, which is the only familiar food on his platter. As well as some overly sweet yellow liquid. They sit in silence while they eat, having spent all of his life constantly surrounded by others it doesn’t take long before the silence starts to get to him. He decides to use this opportunity to try and get some information from the other man. He starts with a couple of simple questions. Where are we? Are we alone? What happened with the Resistance? All his questions were ignored by Hux while the man managed to keep the same uninterested expression. When he couldn’t handle it anymore, he hit the wooden table with both his hands and rose from his chair. “If we really are going to be stuck in here together, you could have the human decency to at least answer me!” “He’s really your student, isn’t he.” Hux smirks. “You can stop antagonizing him now.” Finn jumped when the second voice came from behind him. Kylo Ren was wearing his mask again, something Finn was thankful for. It was better to think of Kylo as a monster hiding behind that Mask, than another human being. Notes: This chapter was intended to be longer since I had planned to finish it with the start of Finn's training with Kylo again and the introduction of the rest of the Knights. But since I haven't been able to post anything in a while, I'm making it two chapters so you guys at least get something.