General Hux, one of the leading members of the First Order, and commanding officer of both the Finalizer and the Starkiller Base, loathed mess. His amber-gold hair was always combed, gelled, and smoothed into gleaming perfection. His charcoal uniform was fitted and stiffly laundered to the point of discomfort. Collars were straightened, knee-high boots shone with daily polishing, the corners of bed covers were tidily tucked beneath the ergonomic mattress, and words were systematically chosen and delivered with an aloof precision. Hux’s life was centred around order, astringently labelled and methodically categorised and laid out in an effective line that did not even scarcely approach the semblance of mess. And, of course, it was only inevitable then that he would loathe Kylo Ren. Because the black-clad man was unrefined, brash, and incapable of rationality. His outward appearance was menacing and frighteningly ambiguous, but it lacked a certain finish, a certain air of collected evil. He personified mess—acting without the scarcest thought, spurred on by concentrated bursts of unrestrained anger and fear. Hux couldn’t even deign the effort to mask his discontent in Ren’s presence, for his lip to curl into a disguised sneer. To pass him in the chilling cavernous infrastructure of the Finalizer and tilt his chin in the other direction. To lean his weight on the foot furthest from Ren when sharing in counsel with the overbearing Supreme Leader Snoke. But… there was a moment when his emotions—Hux had to mouth the unfamiliar word to learn it—had given way to something equally as strong, yet almost completely different in nature. For whatever reason—or for one subtly earth-shattering reason that Hux diligently refused to acknowledge—Hux briskly strode towards the private residential floor. Due the ironic luck which dictated the fate of the universe, only two of the officer’s quarters were occupied. The door to Hux’s lodgings were located first on the left, the closest distance from the bridge, and Ren was driven by some single-minded purpose to irk Hux by inhabiting the neighbouring quarters. Fortunately, the titanium-alloy walls were thick and solid, and therefore the multitude of Ren’s frustrated grunts and other compromising noises were thankfully muted. Hux paused, a closed fist hovering over Ren’s sealed door before knocking. Three sharp raps of his gloved knuckles later, he heard a muffled shout and fast-approaching set of cumbersome footsteps. Hux arranged his folded hands behind his ramrod-straight back, feeling his normally immaculate edges having long torn into ragged splits over the course of the ship’s automated day cycle. The door slid open, punctuated by an almost soundless hiss of air. Hux raised his head, mouth opened to inform Kylo Ren that the ship’s finances had been drastically impacted following yet another destructive upsurge of the Lord’s increasingly common rage. He had been prepared to scold Ren like an errant child, to turn on his oil-black heel after a curt conversation with a crackling, faceless voice. Hux had not been prepared to see a young man in the place of Kylo; unmasked, unshielded, and somehow irrevocably vulnerable. The General had only heard rumours of Ren’s rumoured parentage, but now he could see the clear similarities in appearance. The ruffled swath of thick hair belonged to his famed smuggler father, the endlessly dark and expressive eyes of his politician mother and grandmother, and the untouched wells of raw power of his Jedi uncle and grandfather. Ren was much younger than his alter ego belied, and dare Hux say that he had harboured a secret hope that Ren was horribly disfigured. But yet… he wasn’t. His lips looked plush and inviting. His skin was pale and dotted with a constellation of entrancing moles. He looked like the man who picked at his blemishes and wounds instead of allowing them to heal; who could never fully rest; who could never simply be . Ren’s shoulders hitched upwards, almost as if he was startled by Hux’s appearance, so close to where he was allowed to be defenceless in private. His gaze hardened at recognising the redheaded General, although Ren’s posture remained offensively slouched. Hux narrowed his eyes. “Your behaviour is inexcusable, Ren.” The accused swallowed, distracting Hux’s attention for a few traitorous seconds. “To what do I owe the pleasure of your company, General?” His voice lacked the mechanic cadence of his helmet, and was softer, again revealing his childhood on the sheltered planets that were governed by the villainous New Republic. “I need a leader, not a child who cannot control his temper.” Ren visibly drew back, and then stopped, as if this was the first time he realised Hux could see his every nuanced, astoundingly human reactions. “My power is unfounded—” “You have power, but you do not have control,” Hux corrected. “I see now that the meaning of this meeting was purely professional,” Ren continued, although Hux floundered at his words, wondering if Ren had expected Hux to visit his private quarters for a wholly different reason. Did he want Hux to do that? Or was it a simple mind trick, a ploy to manipulate Hux’s emotions? “What other outcome did you expect?” Hux demanded, silently cursing himself at his rash display of minimal self-control. Ren halted, and Hux belatedly acknowledged that he had been talking—derisively—to him. Silence hung between them on a tenuous thread, and for once there was no host of impersonal stormtroopers to witness their interaction, or any outward appearances of a commanding officer or Force-sensitive apprentice to uphold. They were, plainly, two people who had reached a head long after their usual masks of detachedness had given way to the fallible core of real human people. “Nothing.” Ren shook his head dismissively, a flash of anger—or pain? disappointment?—crossing his face before stepping backwards. Hux jolted out of reach of Ren’s door as it slammed shut, operated by an unseen force. He pressed a gloved hand to his chest, feeling the beat of his heart slow to a normal rate. Absently, he registered the fact he hadn’t achieved any of the goals he’d set in confronting Ren about his destructive tendencies. Hux felt a gentle brush against his mind, the touch so unlike the harsh blows received during training, or the perfunctory greetings of superior officers. And it was soothing and warm , warm enough to soften the bone-deep chill of space for a moment, to forget the endless list of supply logs. Or how he needed to distribute a number of liquid assets into remodelling lightsaber-scarred rooms before returning to his quarters. But then it was gone, and all things good and light disappeared with it. The next time Hux felt the same encapsulation of inexplicable warmth the Starkiller Base had broken in two. He was under no direct orders, without a compass to direct him during the churning storm, but he knew he had to save Kylo Ren. The view of the night sky above was obstructed by the canopy of conifer trees, and the ground shook beneath Hux’s booted feet. He stumbled again, gripping onto the rough trunk of a nearby tree for purchase. His chest ached, filled with too much, too soon. He continued on his path through the swirling carpet of snow, panting hard. Hux’s lungs stung with the mere effort of breathing, and he was stripped of all communication besides a weak promise that Phasma had made to wait for him on a crumbling planet. Hux looked forward—because his father had never told him to look back—and glimpsed a blurred figure, hunched over against the shaking ground. The snow was white, the colour a blinding gleam of sharp blue, but a streak of insidious-dark blood tainted the overall purity of it. Ren’s lightsaber laid abandoned by his side, and his coat was black, his hair black, his boots, blood, eyes—all black. Dark. He rushed to Ren, not efficient and clipped in pace but anxious. Although Ren wasn’t looking directly at him, Hux was unable to bear the expression he knew he wore. Hesitantly—for never had Hux needed to be caring, or worried—Hux ripped a fitted glove from his slender hand and reached for Ren’s shoulder. His shoulders were larger than Hux’s, his muscle was toned and limbs longer. But the material of his clothes was wet and cold, and no remnant of warmth lingered under Hux’s fingertips. Ren had flinched when the General had first touched him. And Hux had let his hand rest on the young Lord’s shoulder for a few moments, allowing him to adjust. Ren’s stillness and silence was unnerving, because Ren was a constant source of movement and emotion. Unlike the brash speech and confident manner of his father, he was soft-spoken, volatile, sensitive. He simply felt too much. For Ren to merely sever his thoughts and feelings were unnatural, stilted, cruel. Hux watched as his fingers moved with an unseen command, brushing against the side of Ren’s face, startling at the chill of his pale skin. A congealed smear of blood felt almost foreign against Hux’s callous-free officer’s hand, and he suddenly hated that Ren could only ever thrive on pain and rage to channel his focus, but he had long resigned himself to that same fact. “Ren,” Hux said, although he had been further inclined to call him Kylo. To allow the name to roll intimately off his tongue. To allow himself to mean more than a title. A snowflake drifted against Hux’s open mouth, the air having just passed his lips as if he’d spoken, because Hux had said Kylo. He’d whispered the name brokenly, reverently, like it was a prayer to a nameless god. Another shift of movement beneath Hux’s touch, drawing his attention to Kylo— Ren , his name was Ren. But he had looked at Hux with such unprecedented sadness and fear that Hux wanted to forever call him Kylo, to never stop. Kylo—Ren, Ren, Ren —turned his cheek into Hux’s open and waiting hand, leaning into the offered promise of more. Ren—for that was his name—pressed closer to Hux, seeking that thread of warmth and hope and light. And he was saying the General’s name too, but Hux staunchly refused to call him Kylo again, because it would denote more than a professional affiliation, something for Snoke to manipulate and twist to his unfounded amusement. Ren grasped the hem of Hux’s coat tightly, pulling him nearer, his vulnerable need unspoken. Hux surrendered and dropped to his knees, fingers sliding further around Ren’s head to cradle the base of his skull, gently gripping the roots of his hair. He massaged Ren’s scalp, attempting to lull him into a calmer, less tortured state of awareness. And Ren allowed himself to be held in response. For once they didn’t act to inspire pain or order, but to dispel it. Ren swayed forward as if he was exhausted, the arm hanging between their bodies rising up to clutch at Hux’s previously flattened and neat collar. Ren jerked Hux closer, his mouth thinning into a tense line at how their noses knocked together. Their foreheads remained in contact, resting against one another. The bloodied line intersecting Ren’s face was a stark contrast to his moon-white skin, previously dotted with only an intricate collection of moles—yet now it was marred by a garish streak of crimson. Transfixed, Hux watched as Ren’s eyelids fluttered shut and he reflexively tightened his grip on the latter’s hair. Ren inexplicitly shifted closer, whimpering softly and then stilling, like he didn’t mean to utter such a raw, insecure sound. Ignoring his companion’s slip in maintaining his hardened, impenetrable exterior, Hux laid the hand not occupied with Ren’s hair on his outstretched arm. His thumb ran in a small circle over the trained muscle of his bicep. It was clear that Ren needed medical attention, but right now this took precedent. Only Hux did not expect this to be a warm breath of air against his ice-cold lips, followed by an unexpected whisper of wet, trembling heat, and a name—only whose he did not know—hanging suspended between them. He anticipated a sinister answer to Hux’s momentary lapse in judgment, such as witnessing Ren’s smirk at having thoroughly laid Hux’s emotions bare. However, Ren merely lowered his palm to Hux’s back, coaxing him closer. Hux breathed a sigh of something wistful, unprepared for an all-consuming wave that washed over Hux, heady in its honey-thick sweetness. It succeeded in banishing everything sullied from both the inside and outside of his body—such as the gnawing pit of failure, the cold, the coppery tang of blood, and the tremoring and hopeless want. Unlike that stolen moment on the Finalizer , in which Ren’s power had been but a meagre trickle—a taste, a thinly-veiled blessing—this was nearly everything Ren had. It was all his remaining strength and memory and light coalesced into this one feeling, this kindness he wished to bestow upon Hux. Largely impervious to everything which had ailed him before, Hux silently gathered Ren into his arms and picked him up with an ease he normally wouldn’t have had. Ren—the corner of Hux’s mouth curled at the thought of calling him Kylo again—didn’t move to protest such manhandling. At some point before Hux found the weak homing beacon of Phasma’s waiting shuttle, Ren rested his face in the crook of Hux’s shoulder. It wasn’t a confession, or a promise, but it was a sign of mutual trust and companionship. It was more than what they ever dared to share. It was light. Phasma didn’t speak when the shuttle’s door opened with a hiss of air, her helmet masking her features as she took in the sight of General Hux, cradling the child-like figure of Kylo Ren in his arms. She titled her head to the side, her only sign of relief that Hux had survived, and that her loyalty as his subordinate would protect their secret. When Phasma had successfully piloted the shuttle into hyperspace, she turned a blind eye to the sight she also witnessed in the makeshift infirmary in the commons room. Because for the remainder of the flight, Ren’s naked hand was cold beneath Hux’s. No matter how often he tried to blow heat into their conjoined fingers. A medical droid drifted around them, but Hux positioned himself on Ren’s uninjured side so he wouldn’t be forced to move and hover over him—his friend? His future? His light? And Phasma certainly didn’t smirk beneath her gleaming silver helmet when Hux pressed his chapped lips to Ren’s almost elegant fingers, and then as Hux smiled faintly as Ren’s eyelids fluttered open for just a moment. But the Captain did politely turn away when Ren smiled back at Hux. Ren’s angular features softened into something so young and human then that it erased years of his mostly self-inflicted pain. It made him transform into Ben Solo, and only Ren would later belatedly realise that he may never truly feel anything as Ben did—but he did know Ben would’ve loved Hux. For the next few weeks that followed the two would be doggedly separated. Ren would remain in the claustrophobic infirmary of the Finalizer as Hux worked to repair the devastating damage the Resistance had so carelessly created in their wake. There was never a spare moment in which Hux could… In which he could care for Ren as he wished. Hux had never really shared a connection with someone else, like an unseen thread that only two people in the whole galaxy were bound to. And it hadn’t really affected him as much as it had altered him, changing him. His command remained strict and efficient, and his appearance impeccably and almost unbearably neat, but his chest no longer ached with emptiness. He no longer saw the cold vacuum of space and rather the glittering constellations of countless stars. Hux realised he was not completely unsatisfied with his life, but it lacked something—a comfort, an ease, a foundation to support him. But Hux wasn’t quite prepared to admit he knew exactly what he was missing—or, in fact, who he was missing. And when Hux passed Ren in the cold, metal hallways, he certainly didn’t not slow when they passed one another. He did not lever his weight further into Ren’s orbit. He did not call out, extending one meagre hand of something more and tentatively speaking. Kylo? And Ren did not tip his head in Hux’s direction and answer. I’m here. It was only inevitable, or destined—if Hux believed in that sort of thing, maybe—that the taught string which connected the two of them would break. But then the question laid in if it would mend anew—or completely sever? Long after the systematic day cycle had ended on the Finalizer , Hux was roused awake to the insistent knocking on the door to his quarter’s. He flinched as the soles of his feet moved over the chilled bare floor, grimacing as he blindly groped for the numbered keypad by the door. His thumb pressed down over the speaker. “Yes?” His voice was rough with sleep. “Hux.” It was Ren, quiet and quivering. The door slid open instantly at Hux’s behest, revealing Ren standing at the threshold of Hux’s lodgings, stooped and defeated. In a show of weakness that Hux would’ve condemned before the Starkiller Base had been cleaved in half, he gasped shakily. Hux didn’t articulate his concern since he hardly knew the erratic pace of his heart signified such a human emotion, but Ren— “Call me Kylo,” Ren said. His eyes were dark and fathomless, like a starless sky, and his hands tremored at his sides. Hux’s throat was dry, and the bare skin of his pale arms and shoulders prickled with an overwhelming sense of exposure. “I can’t,” he whispered uselessly. “I can’t, Ren—” “Kylo,” he repeated. “Call me Kylo, please .” Swallowing thickly, Hux stepped backwards. “Can you… Come in, Kylo.” When Hux had attempted to regain his breathing after Kylo had inhabited his room for a few silent minutes, he turned around. Kylo was sitting in Hux’s only recreational chair, his head resting heavily in the cradle of his hands. Hux’s view of vision was restricted to Kylo’s chaotic waves of black hair, and his naked hands tangled in the thick strands. “Kylo?” He lifted his head at his own name. “Say it again. Please.” “Kylo.” He spoke with a gentleness Kylo hadn’t heard since he’d last seen his parents. Hux clenched his hanging hands into a fist at his sides and then stretched his fingers wide, brushing the worn fabric of his grey sleeping pants. “Snoke wants me to participate in additional training on an undisclosed planet. He wants to send me away from here.” Hux hesitated, picking up the threads of what was left unsaid. “Away from me?” Kylo nodded solemnly, his gaze rising from the ground to catch Hux’s, holding. “He knows about us.” He seemed to gain strength upon the stating that he and Hux were no longer just a professional affiliation, more than an empty association—much more. Lifting his chin, Hux asked unflinchingly, “And what are we?” “We’re more . We’re something dangerous, a subject of fear for Snoke.” “Is that all?” Kylo drew back, confused and shocked by Hux’s question. Because, under the thin veneer of careless nonchalance, it was a disguised invitation. A hopeless call to finally be more. Kylo stood slowly, his eyes fixed on the General. The atmosphere seemed to thicken with a volatile electricity, on the precipice of an outburst of energy. Yet it felt different to Kylo’s usual bouts of anger, more controlled somehow, skating along the lines and curves of Hux’s body. And then— Hux? His answer was instant, assured: Yes. Through the small porthole in Hux’s officers’ quarters, a faint glimmer of starlight offered the only source of light once Hux had ordered the auxiliary power off. Kylo’s figure was barely distinguishable in the dim room, but his tentative fingers along Hux’s jaw were real and warm. His touch almost burnt Hux in its intensity. Hux gripped the material of Kylo’s robes loosely, knuckles pressed into the flesh beneath. He felt Kylo’s hand alternate from Hux’s jaw to cup the back of his neck, fingertips only daring to skim past his red hairline. Hux strained upwards, forwards, closing the final distance between him and Kylo, until their bodies were aligned. Every touch was slow, laced with a hesitancy, but it was also kind. Quiet. Heat replaced cold, caring affection replaced anger and hate, and light replaced dark. When Kylo dipped his chin to kiss Hux, his lips were surprisingly soft and willing. Initially, the shared contact was chaste and close-mouthed, a reassuring pressure that acted as a foreign source of comfort. Kylo’s free arm wound around Hux’s lower back and pulled him closer, eliciting a breathy gasp from his companion. Hux edged backwards, just for an earth-shatteringly still moment, but when he leaned forward to catch Kylo’s mouth again his intent was deeper, more purposeful. Kylo quickly relented under Hux’s efforts to tease the seam of his mouth open, mostly due to how drunkenly overwhelmed he was by the sheer proximity of Hux. By the man who featured prominently in his dreams—not his nightmares, but his dreams . Hux gasped against Kylo’s mouth, and the latter belatedly realising that he had opened a wavelength between them, and Hux was now privy to this to his thoughts—and vice versa. Instead of an expected revulsion in response, Hux surged forward to grasp Kylo by the roots of his hair and hauled him closer, and all the doors in his mind flew open. Kylo was subject to every single one of Hux’s memories—of his dreary, rain-soaked home planet, his military-stiff father, the vivid and terrifying training he underwent before gaining the rank of General—and his feelings—mostly determination, loathing, and the apprehensive beginnings of affection. Kylo immersed himself in Hux’s emotions and his very sense of being, anchoring himself to the mere touch and taste of him. Hux kissed Kylo deeply, wetly, his body strained into a taught bow of tension. Kylo swayed under the heady intoxication of Hux, reflexively drawing him closer whenever Hux moved further away from him. A strangled moan escaped Hux at Kylo’s show of possession, the sound resonating deep in the General’s ribcage, his every nerve alight with a frantic passion. Spurred on by Hux’s small utterances of arousal, Kylo abandoned the sweet heat of his mouth to kiss a scorch-hot line down his bared throat. He delighted in Hux’s breathless moans of encouragement, in how he had removed every last piece of his armour—physical and mental—so Kylo could learn and map every inch of his self. Kylo’s fingers slipped beneath the hem of Hux’s sleeping singlet, caressing the surprisingly soft flesh of his hip, the palm of his hand curving to the shape of it. Hux tightened his arms around Kylo’s neck, causing the latter’s spine to bend further so he could still maintain that blessed access to Hux. In reply, Kylo’s teeth grazed the skin of Hux’s neck, directly over a corded tendon, and the subsequent quivering shudder was more of a collective reaction that a singular one. But the following whimper completely and utterly belonged to Kylo. Hux stilled, and so did Kylo, the pitiful sound of his whimper seeming to echo. “Kylo?” Hux asked, turning his head to nose reassuringly at the young Lord’s hair. “I’m sorry,” Kylo whispered. He pulled back, the distance sudden and alarming. Hux held him close, attuned to his companion’s inner turmoil. “What’s wrong?” He angled his head so he could catch Kylo’s reluctant gaze, a corner of his mouth curling intimately. “I—” He swallowed, unable to find the correct words. “I haven’t done this before.” Hux analysed the tremor beneath his words, the uncertainty and fear. Kylo bit his bottom lip, uncomfortable under Hux’s scrutiny. “You’re… inexperienced?” It was his turn to grapple for the less damaging form of phrasing his sentences. Kylo nodded glumly. Hux brushed his fingers of his left hand across Kylo’s cheek, his thumb running soothingly beneath the sensitive skin of his eye. It was a reassurance, enough so that Kylo attempted to smile at him—although unsteady, it was still a smile. With a whispered hush, Hux led Kylo to his bed. “Can you just sleep with me tonight?” Hux asked, ensuring he spoke slowly, soothingly. Kylo breathed a relieved sigh, nodding his agreement once again. They undressed slowly, within one another’s space, trusted to be so close. Kylo caught Hux’s unprepared lips in a kiss before he had reached full nakedness, conveying his unfettered thankfulness in the few seconds of shared contact. Hux’s hand skimmed over Kylo’s chest in response, basking in the unseasonable warmth of his bare chest, fingers tracing the lines between the scattered constellations of moles across his skin. They didn’t speak for the remainder of the night, and simply slept intertwined in Hux’s bed. The light was dim and the working mechanics of the ship were dulled by the room’s reinforced walls, and it was quiet. It was calm. Nothing of consequence was identified past the threshold of Hux’s room, and instead they focused on each other. Just each other. Kylo slept with his head resting against Hux’s chest, a hand closed over the rounded curve of his smaller companion’s hip. Hux’s fingers moved across Kylo’s scalp in a soothing massage, until his eyelids started to drift shut. His other hand ran up and down Kylo’s naked back in a motion that was comforting in its repetition, easing the overwrought tension from his muscles gradually. And, right before Hux was fully claimed by sleep, he felt a whisper of touch over his lips. Kylo awoke to the sight of Hux sitting on the lip of the mattress, a spoon scraping the ceramic edges of a bowl in his grasp. Hux glanced over his shoulder, repressing the urge to grin at Kylo, who was entangled in Hux’s bedsheets and hair artfully mussed. “How do you manage to be so consistently tidy?” Kylo mumbled, languidly stretching out in Hux’s bed, almost shocking Hux in how young he looked in that moment. “What do you mean?” Hux asked. Kylo raised an eyebrow, gesturing at Hux’s already perfectly combed hair, immaculately tailored charcoal pants and polished boots. The only informal feature of Hux’s appearance was his undershirt, slightly rumpled and pulled from his waistband to hang loosely. Hux lifted his shoulders in dismissal. After another comfortably quiet moment, Kylo raised himself onto his elbows. One of his legs rested against Hux’s back, the contact subtle but meaningful in intent. “What are you eating?” “Oatmeal,” Hux answered bluntly. Kylo snorted. “Of course it’s oatmeal.” Hux startled as Kylo moved again, shifting to sit behind Hux, his legs on either side of Hux’s hips. He slipped his arms around Hux, the weight of his touch assuring, and drew him closer until Kylo’s chest was pressed fully to Hux’s back. Kylo lowered his chin until it hooked over Hux’s shoulder, swiftly pressing a kiss to the sliver of bare skin of Hux’s neck. Hux’s spoon stilled against the bowl’s rim as he felt Kylo smile against his neck. “I’m trying to eat here,” Hux declared loftily, although his mirth was weakly veiled as irritated contempt. His complaint was easily undermined by how he allowed the tight circle of Kylo’s arms to remain curled around him, his breath hot and even on the back of his neck. “I know.” The question to which Kylo was answering was unknown, because he had been privy to Hux’s innermost thoughts—and he had voiced a completely different sentiment. Notes: Looks like I wrote another romantic gay space tragedy *whispers* and does anyone else secretly want sweet, innocent Kylux fluff or was it just me? And I do also entertain the idea of expanding this into a series but who knows. I got two more movies in which to analyze every interaction between Hux and Kylo. Anything could happen. Anything. Join me in my internet adventures on tumblr yo. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Be His Salvation series Next Work →