Leia watched the child play. She did not know for how long she stood next to a fountain, it was an old architecture with mermaid statues in alabaster decorating its center. She recalled that the sun was still bright in the sky when she came but now orange shades colored it. His figure was lean but he ran without failing once since she came. He was following a ball with other children under a large tree and from time to time they made an attempt to butt in. He dodged with easiness each time before passing the ball to another girl in his team. She guessed that he must be around ten years old if not more. Around the same age Ben had when she sent him away with the hope he would come back to her. From afar, there was enough resemblance to convince her that nothing has changed. For a moment she could fool herself and imagined that he did come back home. Han would be alive, always displaying that stupid cocky grin solely directed at her. She would smile back at him and they would be young again. Hope would shine in their eyes instead of weariness. A bold princess ready to fight any opponents instead of this frail woman that had taken place with numerous scars in her heart. Together, they would look after Ben who would play in the grass of their House. But Han was gone. And now Ben was gone too. All that was left of him was that boy with dark hair dancing in the wind as he ran behind a ball. She could not help but thinking this child was a fake and that was not her son. Ben was never this carefree, he never ran mindlessly and laughed with other children. He was always tormented. She could sense the turmoil inside him every day when she woke up. She watched helplessly as he lost little by little his mind. She recalled a faint laugh at one of Han’s bad jokes. It was from a long time ago, Ben was giggling and flailing, secured in Chewie’s arms. She was insouciant and lived in the moment, it felt like a well deserved celebration after spending her whole childhood to fight. It was supposed to last forever. Sometimes she would woke up, alone, without Han warm body beside her or Luke’s soothing presence in the Force. The obscurity of the night was swirling freely around her. The faint call of darkness pulling out her guilt, pain and resentment against The Empire for its oppression, Vader for being her father, Snoke for taking her son away, Han for leaving her alone, Ben for being a stubborn fool like his father but most of all herself for being so weak. She wondered in those nights too how much more the galaxy had to pay for her mistakes. Then the day would come always accompanied by its faithful friend, the light. The light whom her brother believed in, drew his strength and power. She would pray for it too. Pray to grant her the fortitude to lead another battle. To redeem herself and fix her failures. The ball bounced until it touched her feets. It woke her from her despondency which she was grateful for, because Leia Organa was everything but a pessimist. She realized that the Mon Calamari female who gave her the directions had left already. The child had stopped playing and was staring at her now. He left his friends behind and walked straight towards her. She could feel that he is somehow aware of her, aware of their connection but did not grasp the importance nor the meaning of it. He is strong in the force like his father. She noted that Ben has already trained him with the basics. His force presence radiated but not as strong as Luke or her, not yet. Another wave hit her heart. This one hurt like Alderaan. It hurt because their eyes were so similar, the same shade, the same curiosity and yet so different because there wasn’t a hint of darkness inside them. Ben was always a little bit mad, wasn’t he? Maybe Han was right. There is too much of Vader inside him… Always afraid of something, something or someone was lurking behind them, he had struggled inside his own twisted mind. He grew up and began to shut her out, that was when she began to lose the battle but did not realized until it was too late. Someone was pulling the threads, would disassembly pieces and cut the edges so it would never fit right again. And now, he had to live with damaged fragments of his old spirit. She could not protect him from Snoke. They did succeed where she failed. She almost laughed at the irony. The two worst people that made the galaxy bled for years did save the innocence of their own son when she let her own down. They were better parents weren’t they? Even if they both did despicable, unspeakable things. It hurts. The little boy who cried in her arms at night because he was afraid of monsters. When did he get swallowed and became a part of the monster? She did forgive him despite everything because he was still her son. She bore him for nine months, he was a part of her and a part of Han. She kept believing in him and one day, he came back to her. It took a long time but their wounds had healed. She did forgive but she could not look at him the same way anymore. She suspected that he would not ask her to do it anyway. The child now ran to her. His dark hair was now illuminated with faint red highlights under the sun. She noticed the traits of the general. She recalled the last conversation she got with him. Ben was gone for days now. She came to him with the hope that he might know something. Maybe Ben said something to him. He has taken her place in his heart now even if their intensity was the same, their nature were different. Even if Ben has now returned to her side, the general had a hold on him that might never come home fully. Or maybe he did come home but he was not her little boy anymore. He loved her as a boy and he loved the general as a man. He was not Snoke’s puppet either. No, he was own man who can take his own decisions and live with the consequences. Also, they owed each other a last conversation as adversaries. They even held the same rank. It seemed that no matter where he went Ben life was surrounded by generals, as if each side had his representant. She hoped to extract information from him but instead it was him who extracted a promise from her. She could not find where her son was, but she knew where her grandson is. The promise she made to him, not from a general to a general but from a parent to another one. The room was scarcely dark the day she visited him, a little bit messy as you would expect from someone who used it for a long time. His red hair was disheveled and gave him a neglected appearance.Nothing to do with the delicate always-on-point poster boy general of the First Order. He was seated in a little desk at the corner with a simple lamp for companion. He did not seem to notice her at first, his head bowed down and buried his arms. He was writing something frantically and did not seem to pay attention to his surrounding. The guards alerted him of her presence and he looked up at her. A fragile sad smile with perma-stubble around it welcomed her. The rest of the conversation passed in a blur, however she did remember the most important thing. Promise me. That child did nothing wrong. He held her hands tightly as if his life depended on it. She noticed that they were trembling as unsure if he had the right to touch her. Will he hate us for our sins? I wonder how he will live with that burden. I did manage. She returned not giving him the opportunity to self pity. He did not have the right to. She got up and prepared to left the room. As she reached the door, she heard him. He is good you know? I wonder… Does that means there were good inside of us too? She could not answer that question, what was she to qualify if a person is good or not. She did saw many unreal miracles in her lifetime to subvert any definitions. Beginning with her father. Her biological father whom Luke had claimed there was good inside him. (Bail was the only real father she would acknowledge even if she came to accept Anakin Skywalker. It was him and Breha who made her who she is now and she would always be grateful). He proved him right in the end. As for the general, she could not even imagine beginning to like him. He was still a mass murderer and a despicable man. For her part, she did not find any quality in his character. From what she saw of him, he was an unfunny tight-ass. Rarely, and let’s be honest here, never laugh (Ben assured her that he could ) with an air of superiority and arrogance. But he loved Ben, right? And Ben loved him. He also happened to clash sometimes with Ben which in turn upsetted him for hours. Not so different from her and Han. He would mutter imperceptible curses. For this, Ben had not changed very much. Since he was a little boy, she had to stretch out her ears to understand him because he would talk under his breath. He was a shy boy who certainly did not inherit the fiery tempers of his parents. (Though rumors said the defector, Finn, would disagree with all of his heart and she had the intuition that the general would scoff at the thought). He had kept his thoughts for him. Like now. She resented Ben for hiding this child from her. What was he afraid of? She was his mother and the child’s grandmother. She would never hurt either of them. The general scratched his head in hesitation and looked at his feet. He tightened his shirt down to be presentable even if they both know it’s futile. The act put him at ease somehow. A way to maintain composure and order in his life. He came carefully at her and handled her an envelope with letters inside. A gift for our child. A little project we’ve had, he’ll understand. I want to apologize for not being here and not keeping my promises. He seemed to hesitate a little bit looking down and let out a chuckle. The one Han exhibited when they were on vacation together. The smile of a proud father. He is wonderful... A little bit shy but I... I truly love him. She left the cell, the burden less heavy in her mind. A new memory, happier this time, of Hux’s smile. No wonder Ben had fallen for him. It was truly a beautiful sight, a little broken but it fitted him. Soft eyes looking down. She wondered if this smile belonged to Brendol , instead of the general. The child was now approaching the fountain. She felt no apprehension from him. He knew that he could trust her, he did not know how but he knew. However, he stayed at distance. After all, she was a stranger. As it was before, she might not have her old family but she could rebuild a new one again. The child scratched his head and looked at his feet. Uh…Hello… Do I know you? You remind me of dad. He tilted his head to the side, observing her. He was fascinated by her presence. Leia was taken aback for a while. His voice was so similar to Ben, another resemblance that made her mind replay What-ifs scenarios. It does not matter now, it was too late for that. Useless little stories that won’t help her. It had never helped her and she never dwelled on them for too long. Don’t think about it. It’s futile. Work on the problems now. She repeated it in her head. It helped her to keep going forward for a long time, even before getting caught on the Death Star and meeting two men who had changed her life forever. It might be too late to fix past mistakes but as long she can act right here, she could act on her future. That was her parents taught her and helped her to carry on despite everything else. I am... his mother and also your grandmother. She confessed. His eyes went wide with surprise and he stared at her with his mouth agap. He did not believed her or rather he was wary of her despite the Force connection, Leia reflected. I also know your Father. The general Hux, we... we worked together. Well, it was not a lie from a certain point of view. She remembered the letter that Hux gave her and proceeded to search it in her purse. He gave me this letter. She began. He wanted to apologize for not being here. She paused then continued . He said it’s for your “little project.” Remembering his words. He raised his eyebrows and made a surprised expression. He took his time to reach Leia, still apprehending her reaction. He took the letter with a swift movement and turned his back to her. She heard the letter being torn apart. Leia moved the side to see what he was doing but far enough to leave him his personal space. After all, from what she had seen they were close. They were many things that she had missed on Ben’s life. However, she intended to mend for that now whether Ben liked it or not. She would not make the same mistake again. She would not let Snoke get his hands on the child either. She caught a smile on him with soft eyes beaming at the paper. It’s for Dad’s… He mumbled something inaudible at the end. She wanted to know more but decided not to pry. She could not take the risk of getting him on his defenses. Could you show me your house ? I need to speak with your father. She asked. Her grandson remained quiet, torn between his instincts and his logic. I’m waiting for Dad here. He said to only trust him. He declared shooting a glare at her. It was dark, she realized that their life was not an easy one with the whole galaxy against them. He put the letter in pocket and took extra attention to close it. It was an important document for the boy. She could feel the child love for both of his fathers, they must have been happy in their cocoon. Thank you. He muttered looking at his feet. You’re welcome. That was all she could say but his reaction made her smile. Hux did give her the answer to her question. She was glad he had enough respect to place his trust in her. She knew for sure that he found Ben. Because he is her son and she would never abandon her own child. And she was right when she sensed his arrival behind the fountain. Dad! Someone’s here for you! Notes: I'm still figuring out how they end up with a lovekid ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Power of Love? Trash? SCIENCE? Mpreg?