pt. 1 I. Their first meeting is awkward. Very . And not for the obvious reasons. Not because Rey's never before met the man who's pressing her so tightly against him that her feet don't touch the ground any more. Not because she's spent the past fourteen years banished to a scorching, filthy sand hole where physical displays of affection haven't exactly been part of her daily routine. It's not even because the sudden contact brings back thoughts of the last people who held her this close. Finn who came back to save her and is now fighting for his life in the medical unit. And Leia who has lost so much in just one day that Rey wonders how the General is still standing. It's awkward, because Rey finds she likes it. Maybe she's just letting herself be carried away by the high spirits in the control room. Maybe she needs something a little silly and light-hearted after the days she's had. And maybe, just maybe after years and years of isolation and loneliness it is nice to find herself enveloped firmly by a pair of strong arms and safely tucked against a broad, warm chest. She likes his smell. Even if the bright orange of his jump suit hadn't given him away before, his smell would have been enough to tell Rey that he's a pilot. He smells like machine oil and sweat and the ozone that fills the air after a battle. And there's something else. He smells green . Like raindrops on leaves. It's a spicy, rich smell that reminds her of the magical moment she had stepped out of the Millennium Falcon to take her very first breath of clear forest air on Takodana. Oddly enough, the smell faintly reminds her of Finn. She probably likes it even more because of that. He takes a step back then, releasing her from his arms and Rey is embarrassed to find that she wouldn't have minded staying like this for a little longer. She lifts her head to take a proper look at him. He's older than her, if the first traces of silver in thick, tousled black curls are anything to go by. His nose is slightly crooked, like it had been broken at some point. When he gives her an awkward smile she sees tiny wrinkles around his eyes – witnesses of a life full of laughter and smiles that leave Rey strangely envious, but with a smile of her own – and a little gap between otherwise perfect, white teeth. It's a good face, she decides. Handsome. Friendly. She adds it to the list of things she likes about this stranger. “Uh, hi”, he mumbles and it's only then that Rey notices the look of discomfort on his face and she realises that he is just as embarrassed as she is. “I'm Poe.” She nods slowly as the pieces begin to fall into place. Poe. Poe Dameron. She's looking at the man who started it all. BB-8, Finn... It was his mission that set in motion the events leading her here. In a way he changed her life as much as any of the others she's met those past few days and while a part of her feels like he should know his role in bringing her here, she feels like this is neither the time nor the place to tell him. This whole encounter is already weird enough as it is. “I recognise the name”, she tells him instead. “So you're Poe. Poe Dameron, the X-Wing Pilot. I'm Rey.” “I know”, he says. “Nice to meet you.” Of course he knows her. Everyone does. Rey's seen the way people keep looking at her. She's heard them whisper as she passed by on her way to see Finn in the the medical unit. Yesterday she had been a nobody. Scavanger scum. Now suddenly she's become this obscure symbol of hope. She doesn't even know how word of her force powers has gone around so quickly – or at all – but the halls of the base are abuzz with rumours of the “Jedi Girl” and she finds herself wishing she could go back to being no one. Because no matter how she looks at it, Rey can see no scenario in which she won't let everyone down. Because even if they find Luke Skywalker and even if he agrees to show her the ways of the Force, how are two Jedi – one and a half, really – supposed to take down the First Order? Suddenly being no one doesn't sound so bad any more. Poe Dameron is still smiling at her and Rey can feel some of that weight lift from her shoulders. Because he doesn't expect anything from her – no Jedi tricks, no miracles, not anything. She's not even sure how she knows this – if it's the Force, intuition or just the way he's looking at her. But she does know and she might come to like him a lot for that alone. “It's nice to meet you, too, Poe”, she says. “BB-8 has told me all about you.” Chapter 2 : pt. 2 Notes: That was quite the wait, wasn't it? I would love to go and promise the next part won't be, but well rl is a bitch, so... Thank you, Emma for doing the beta work (I know this time it was a mess, I'm sorry <3) II. The next time she meets him, she's in the medical unit. It's been a long night. With the map to Luke Skywalker finally in the rebel's hands, the base has all the buzzing of a hive. Suddenly the scavenger girl from a remote desert planet is front and centre of the rebellion – standing next to no other than General Leia Organa as she sets the course for their future. Rey's future is very clear. She's going to take the Millenium Falcon to Ahch-To, the planet the map leads to. She's going to find Luke Skywalker. Somehow – and she has no idea how – she is going to convince him to train her; to turn the scavenger into a Jedi. And then...who knows? It's a war. And in a war not everyone makes it out alive. Han's proven that to be a sad truth. Finn might still follow him. He's floating in a bacta tank now and she's sitting cross-legged on the floor in front of him with his jacket wrapped tightly around her shoulders. She wants to be there when he wakes up, even though the medic hasn't given Rey much to build her hopes on. The minor injuries alone are grave, she told her. The one on his back could be lethal. Lightsaber wounds are rare these days and their treatment not exactly common knowledge. They've done all they can for now, treated his wounds to the best of their abilities, then put him to sleep to help his body rest and heal. “ The rest is up to him”, the medic told her before leaving the room. As if her friend really has a say in his survival. It's strange seeing him in that tank with all the tubes and cables sticking to his body. Creepy. As though she is watching a corpse floating underwater. But he is alive. Somewhere trapped inside this battered body her friend is fighting for his life. Rey does get scared that he is losing his battle while she sits there and waits. And every once in a while – and sometimes she swears she doesn't even mean to – she can feel herself tapping into his mind, just barely stroking the periphery of his consciousness. Never deep enough to see things he might not want her to see, just enough to reassure herself that Finn is indeed still in there. “ That jacket sure does get around.” Rey hasn't even realized she has been dozing off until Poe Dameron's voice startles her out of what she believes must have been a light slumber. She sits up straight, trying to blink away the last remnants of sleep as she looks up at his smiling face. “ What...?” Her voice is hoarse and she faintly wonders just how long she has really been asleep. “ The jacket”, he repeats, pointing at the piece of clothing wrapped around her shoulders. “It's mine. Well, it was part of my guise during my mission on Jakku. Finn took it after the First Order shot us down.” “I didn't know it was yours...” That's when it clicks. The smell of green that earlier reminded her of Finn. She thinks of all the times she's pressed the collar to her face inhaling that smell, remembering her friend pulling her into his arms with that stupidly excited grin on his face. But the soothing scent of raindrops on leaves... it's never been Finn. It's Poe . “I didn't know it was yours”, she splutters, suddenly feeling strangely embarassed. She moves to slip the jacket off her shoulders. “I thought... You can have it back.” “No no no!” Poe is quick to object. “I told Finn to keep it and I'm sure he wouldn't mind you holding onto it for him. You must be freezing. I was cold for days after I came back from Jakku.” “Thank you.” There is something oddly touching about this little display of thoughtfulness and she can't help but return his smile. For the past twenty-four hours she has been feeling less and less like herself – as miserable and alone as this self might have been, at least she'd known who she was – and having him look at her and actually see the girl from Jakku makes her feel a little less lost. ”I always hated these”, Poe says, nodding at the bacta tank. “Doing great work, but they freak me out.” “Me too”, Rey agrees. “Do you want me to leave?” Poe asks. “I can come back another time if you want to be alone with him.” She thinks about it for a moment. She knows that she's probably not the most entertaining company right now. But he's Finn's friend too and he has every right to want to be around. Also, the memory of lonely nights in the desert is still very fresh in her mind and she finds that she likes the way Poe's presence makes her feel. Warmer. Safer. Being around him is as comforting as his jacket around her shoulder. “I think I could really use some company right now.” Notes: I will try to update this as regularly as I can, but now that two kids are keeping me busy, I cannot promise much. Bare with me! <3