She didn’t understand why this monster never harmed her physically. He had dug through her mind, pressed into the places of her mind that she dared not even go but he never physically harmed her. He never choked her, never hit her, and never slashed her with his saber. He wouldn’t raise a hand to her and she couldn’t figure out why. And here she was, being paraded around the ship like some kind of trophy . She could feel the smugness radiating from him, the pride oozing off his body as he lead her by her arm to the interrogation chamber. She was awake this time, trading herself for the lives of her friends and those she never knew. But this time she knew, she knew how strong she was. She knew that she could take the masked beast with ease, having trained with Luke Skywalker. She felt invincible and took his parading with her head held high, showing no signs of weakness or shame. He pushed her into the chair, locking the cuffs around her wrists and ankles. She pulled upwards, testing the strength of her restraints. He sat across from her, staring at her through the mask that held no emotion but reflected hers. Her eyes were too wide, her posture too stiff, and there was no way he didn’t believe that she was terrified. Good, the words purr in the back of her mind. Let him believe he has caught a mouse when instead he has caught the cat while he is the mouse. The shivers, the words vibrating through her being and stopping at her center. Fear spiked through her, real fear this time and not some sort of act she concocted for him. The gears whirred too life as he pushed into the sides of his masks. It slid easily away from his head and landed harshly onto the table that rested next to him. He stood then, examining her just as she was examining him. She could feel the sadness deep within him, wading through the rage and fear that made a permanent home within him. “What do you remember?” He asks, voice barely above a whisper. She looks at him, confused as to what he means but that. Not satisfied with her reaction time, he reaches for her, gently touched her forehead. Flashes of memories that weren’t hers came rushing to her. Fire, screams, black cloth, and dark brown eyes that stared at her with no emotion but she knew the love that was held within them. She could hear the squealing of a little girl, the giggles that bubbled up within the girl’s chest, and could feel the hardness against her chest as she was pulled into a fierce hug. Everything came back to her at once and she screamed. “Will you help me, Bennie?” The little girl asks, gripping his hand ever so slightly as he bent down to be eyelevel with her. Her hazel eyes hold no emotion, only set on waiting for his answer. He can feel her though, poking at his head, wanting access to something he so freely gave her before. He shakes his head, thoughts running through them at a mile a minute. She smiles but her eyes still hold no emotion. She grips his hand tighter and encourages him to get going. “We do have a place to get to after all.” And she’s dragging him along, his feet too petrified to move on their own accord. “Then you’ll say yes, then you’ll say yes.” She repeated over and over, her little voice growing into something more menacing. Deeper and darker as they made their descent to their destination. Then the voices began. He was gone for three weeks. Three weeks he had searched for the boy, set that he wasn’t coming back without himself intervening. “He’ll come back.” He jolted out of his thoughts and turned towards the sound that, he thought, echoed through the corridor. He stood from his chair, walking towards the doorway to see who had spoken. When he reached the doorway and peered out into the hallway, there was no one to be found. He reached out, searching for a force signature of one of his students but found nothing. Wearily, he went back to his desk and began studying the charts once again. He was lost in his thoughts once again when he felt the touch of a tiny hand on his own. He looked down to see her, hazel eyes shining up at him. “Can we do more training, Master Luke?” The flames licked up the sides of the buildings, the screams echoing off the hills that surrounded the training compound. She stood, little hazel eyes reflecting the carnage that was before her. The touch of a gloved hand brought her out of her mind and she turned to face him. She couldn’t recognize him anymore, he was someone else. The mask hissed whenever he breathed and held no signs that he was ever human. She smiled up at him, reaching up to wrap her arms around his neck. He lifted her up, resting her in the crook of his arm and gave her a quick squeeze. “Release her!” A voice shouted across the screams of the former students. He looked upwards, towards the offending voice and slowly put the girl down onto the ground. She faced the voice, flames reflecting in her eyes. “You will not have her,” The Jedi began, reaching forward and pulling her towards him with the force. She screamed, using her will to push back against the will of her Master. The other reached for her, pulling her back towards him and held her there between the two men. “You will not take her light like yours was taken from you.” He had released her and the little girl drifted slowly to the Jedi. He grabbed her, wrapping her in his arms and tucking her against his body. He raised his lightsaber to the boy before putting it defensively in front of the little girl. He inches backwards, urging the girl with him. “Master Luke,” She began, stopping to turn and face the Jedi. He addressed her without taking his eyes off the group of men in front of him. “Master Luke, it will be alright.” She whispered and flicked her tiny wrist up into the air. The saber went flying away from her and away from him. Only then did he look down at his little prodigy, horror spilling across his features. She pulled him down, so that would kneel in front of her. “He will not hurt me,” She began, a hand brought up to his cheek. He placed his hand on top of hers, tears pricking his eyes. “Because I made him who he is.” Pride and excitement glinted in her eyes. He brought his other hand up to stroke the side of her face, his hand too large for her small head. “Aren’t you proud of me, Master Luke?” She whispered, biting her lip in anxiousness as she waited for his answer. Then it was all black. Tears streamed down her face when she awoke from her memories. Her eyes locked onto the monster in front of her and she silently gasped at the sight. He was stuck somewhere, his hand not moving from her forehead. She pushed and shoved against his will, trying to break his concentration, trying to do anything to get him out of her head. But he never budged, only continued to stare at her with a blank expression. He was lost in the confines of her mind. The world around her blackened again, pulling her further and further into her mind. Memories of the past flew past her; the giggles, warm embraces, the flames, the screaming, the pained expression on her Masters face, and the loneliness of sand and metal. She could hear herself screaming, feel the burn of metal digging into her flesh as she fought the restraints that had her. She needed to get away, away from him as far as she could go. Then she sank into the darkness, swallowed whole by the inky black waters until it filled her lungs. She was drowning, drowning in him and in the future he had projected to her. It had been easy once she had realized her true potential, her true power. He had fallen as easily as any other, had bleed like any other before him, but the bleeding stops with her. She kneels, bowing before him, awaiting the object that would put an end to her struggle. The blackness of his robes intensified the paleness of his skin, showing off his tone arms as he placed the crown atop of her head. It glistened in the light, the ebony of the metal reflecting in the light. The crystal white jewels that lined the crown a stark beauty against the ebony metal. He placed his hands on her shoulders before lowering himself. She rose, standing tall among the crowd of thousands that surrounded her. She walked slowly towards the throne before her, black fabric trailing behind her. Small steps, stopping between each step, a wedding march. She reached the throne and turned slowly to face all of them, seeing all of their eyes on her at once. She could feel the excitement, the anxiousness, and the dread as she raised her arms towards the heavens. “Your Empire has returned!” The screams roared through the galaxy, the clapping resounding through the very cores of the planets. She sat, hands resting on either side of her and head tilted towards him. She could feel the breath leave him as she examined him before motioning for him to move. He stood slowly and approached the throne, confidence radiating from his form. She motioned for him to take his place next to the throne, a wonderful watchdog who would help her dominate it all. Yes, it would all be theirs, everything. He sank into her, the warmth enveloping him. He gasps, eyes wide as he stares into the hazel eyes of his lover. She smirks up at him, arms coming to wrap around his shoulders. She pulls him down, capturing his lips and searing them with her passion. He’s burning alive, swallowed whole by the remaining light within her. She pulls away from him, smug as always and pulls up slightly before grinding herself back down. He moans but it sounds more like a sob, the fire in him raging out of control. She brings a finger to his lips, hushes him silently and places her slender hands onto his lower back; urging him to move into her, to be swallowed whole. He does so slowly, thrusting with a gentility he never knew he possessed. Her annoyance radiates off her when he doesn’t move again for a moment. She rushes up to him, kissing his neck feverishly before resting her head back down onto the silk darkness. ‘I’m not a doll,” she begins, moving upwards once more before shoving herself down onto him as much as she can. The moan is torn out of him, not wanting to leave his breathless lungs. She bites her bottom lip to hold her moans within, not wanting to give him the satisfaction until he’s earned it. “I won’t break.” She begins to move upwards again, long legs pushing her before his hands find her waist. Her gaze snaps up to him, excitement dancing in her eyes. She can feel the bruises he’ll leave on her sun kissed skin and her heart flutters. His hips snap forward, pushing himself fully into her and he burns alive. The suns of Jakku permeating his skin, leaving him sweating and gasping for breath. The light envelops him as he continues thrusting into her. He leans down while pushing into her, his lips caressing her skin and pulling moans from her. It is the only solace he has from her light, sucking him back into the darkness that they both call home. She writhes beneath him, fingers digging into the ebony silken sheets beneath her. Her eyes never leave his, staring half lidded at him. Her lips are swollen and red from kisses and the bites she leaves while trying to stifle her moaning. A challenge dances across his eyes before she snaps her hips up to meet his thrusts. He groans, a chuckle wanting to leave his lips before she pushes him away from her, away from her light and warmth. She pounces on him, hands pushing him back as she straddles his lap. She rubs herself on him, enjoy the sensation against her clit. His hands come to rest on her waist before being shoved back and held above his head. She kisses along his scar as she positions herself above him. She sinks slowly down onto him, basking in the moan that rumbles through his chest. He moves, tries to move his hips up into her but she pushes herself down to hold him still. She moves up, holding his hands above his head without needing the aid of her own hands. She reaches behind her, resting her hands onto the top of his thighs before lifting herself up off of him slowly. His eyes follow her movements, never taking his sight off the way he fits into her so perfectly. She moans as she moves herself away, enjoying the pull of flesh against flesh. She runs her hands down her body, tweaking her nipples before reaching lower and resting against herself. She rubs lightly, enjoy the way he twitches as her muscles clench around him. She stops, moves her hands further down onto his body; still resting just on the tip of him. She brushes along his body, running her fingers over the scars that made a home on his pale skin. She leans forwards, legs beginning to buckle under her due to stress of holding herself up for so long. Her lips brush his barely, just a taste of what he so desired. She breathed against his lips, “Who is in control?” And together they were lost in the light of Jakku and the darkness of the ebony waters. Notes: Please let me know if you think there are other tags I should add so that I may warn all possible readers in advanced. :) I also haven't seen the first three movies yet (getting on that right away) so if my protrayal is off, I am probably aware of this and will fix it if I feel it is necessary after I've seen the movies. I'm also not good at writing porn but hey, why not right? ;D Come chat with me on tumblr!