Ch. 1: The Cross of Honor CHAPTER I :: 6 MONTHS AFTER THE BATTLE OF STARKILLER BASE :: :: FIRST ORDER CENTRAL COMMAND MILITARY GALA :: FARRIGLIA PRIME The grand ballroom of the Central Command Center at Farriglia Prime was packed to the brim with important First Order generals and their wives, their sons and daughters too if they were old and lucky enough to still be single in a crowd like this. Whether they knew it or not, marriage was an idea on the mind of every mother present that evening, and with such a fine selection of officers to pick from, there was no reason to keep their thoughts from straying from the intention. Young ladies of all shapes and sizes were floating about the ballroom like white dandelion puffs, their gowns specially crafted for the right kind of attention, and the battle hardened men of the First Order were more than willing to give it to them. After their return from the annihilated Starkiller Base, every man was tired and afraid of what was to come for their militaristic regime. In the beginning it was of the impression that it was every man for himself in ways of finding a job to do and keeping it, what with the biggest superweapon in the galaxy destroyed under their watch and the watch of others still too hesitant to show their faces here. The survivors from the event were ashamed of the fact that they were alive, especially when examined by their superiors and fellow citizens. The only thing that saved them was that which was the least likely; the return of the strange knight, Kylo Ren. Following Kylo Ren’s training from the mysterious Supreme Leader Snoke, the man rejoined his men on their star destroyer, the noble Finalizer high above the planets of the Trans-Hydian Borderlands. Upon his approach to the command deck he made an order direct from Snoke himself to take control of every system in the neutral zone below. With these ensuing battles the men of Starkiller Base were redeemed, as every system swiftly fell to the scarred commander Kylo Ren and his General Hux, who watched on smiling. Now their captains and commanders were celebrating their victories on the newly captured First Order homeworld, Farriglia Prime. The First Order had witnessed nothing short of a miracle of military strategy, and for that they were grateful. In return for Kylo Ren’s first career-lead victory and General Hux’s brilliant lead on the assault, the two men were being honored tonight at this very Gala by Snoke’s top generals and military juggernauts. While General Hux seemed at home with the situation, and familiar for that matter, he viewed the event as just another evening with the big dogs of his darling Order. He knew every man that was here this evening; he knew exactly what they had done with their position, their wealth, and their command, as well as the possible dirt on each and every one of them. He knew about their children, too. Being the son of General Brendol Hux himself, Hux was more than used to what the military lifestyle can produce in people and their offspring. Most of the children here were young ladies- the boys had gone off to fight- leaving behind the women who were good for one thing: a step up. Hux had met his own wife Careolein at a gala much like this one, and because of it became not only the son of the infamous Stormtrooper Master Builder Brendol Hux, but the son-in-law to Maximilian Veers himself, the legendary major general at the battle of Hoth. With this massive amount of connection and noticeability, Hux quickly rose to the rank of General onboard the powerful new Resurgent-class destroyer Finalizer with the help of his fathers and even the Supreme Leader Snoke himself. Hux was definitely more than comfortably close to his end goal- to be Supreme Leader in his own right. His friend Kylo Ren however was less than willing to make an appearance tonight, an hour and a half late already. Hux did not doubt his arrival though, seeing as how his master Snoke encouraged that he attend the party. Certainly the loner type, Hux suspected that he would arrive as late as possible to stay for as short a time as possible. Hux knew that he did not care much for the company of his First Order “friends”, but when one becomes a war hero, one feels obligated to entertain them and their wishes. As General Hux leaned into his chair with his cigar gripped tight between his lips, he let out a sudden puff of lingering grey smoke to blend in with the other little clouds across the length of the massive ballroom. After they took this place from the Farriglian natives, the officers seemed to agree with the people’s taste of gold and orange colored furnishings, and didn’t even bother to update the decadent building but for a few blood banners hung here and there to remind you of who was in charge. The chandeliers that hung above the caramel colored lacquered floor were massive in design; giant gold web-like things that were dripping in Farriglian Yellow Crystal, letting out a warm, fiery glow onto the ornate wall and people below. From his seat above the dance floor and over the marble railings Hux could see his lovely young wife. Careolein was chatting it up with the other women, her yellow curls tucked up into a charming copper-colored pin that seemed to shimmer with every movement of her little head. Careolein was a tall girl with very boyish, slim features, even after having their two boys Brendol and Max. She hardly ever ate much of anything, and was always trying the newest diet that her fellow wives would recommend her. Hux couldn’t imagine being that bored, and decided as he propped his booted feet on the railing in front of him that he would treat her to a good fuck later. It would give her something to talk about at least. Suddenly the giant doors behind him and the other officers opened to reveal an obviously flustered Kylo Ren, pulling against the buttons on his newly gifted uniform anxiously. The sight of him in such a dark, well-fitting uniform made Hux’s heart flip over in his chest. However much he might have been stirred by him he did not show on his face, and he quickly reminded himself to act natural around the other men. Hux stood up from his surprisingly comfortable marble chair to greet Kylo as he entered. “Where’s the mask, Knight of Ren? I’m glad that you decided to leave it on the ship.” said Hux upon his approach. “It is good to know that you are only human.” The tall, gloomy man stopped in front of his general and glared, but did not engage him further. “That I can understand, but why must I dress like one of your idiot followers. I’m not even a member of the military.” He pulled at his jacket, properly buttoned up to his adam’s apple and evenly spread over his wide shoulders. “Of course you’re a member of the military.” began Hux, who began adjusting his collar out of desperation to touch him with a purpose. “Or, at least it seems like it. We’ve been taking orders from you like you were a general for a long while now.” Kylo Ren slapped his hand away and adjusted the collar himself. He pointed to the table where Hux had been sitting. “Is this where we’ll be for the evening? I don’t know any of those men.” he asked, sounding a bit stressed. “And what’s the problem with that?” asked Hux. “There’s nothing wrong with getting friendly with your superiors.” “I hate all of this superfluous conversation.” replied Kylo a bit too loudly. After he noticed the other generals had started to look, he quickly quieted himself to a whisper. “This whole night is pointless!” Hux shook his head and laughed, putting a hand on his back to guide him to the table. Kylo seemed to drag his feet as he went, but upon arriving to the group of commandants and captains, Kylo immediately straightened up somewhat comically. His unblinking dark eyes widened at the thought of possibly having to communicate with these people. “Ah! Kylo Ren!” announced General Denon excitedly at his arrival. “I have been anxious to meet you, my friend. The stories do not compare to the real thing, I am sure.” The white-haired man rose from his chair to shake his hand, which after a few moments of awkward consideration Kylo surprisingly complied with. After shaking every old man’s hand at the table, Kylo Ren was finally able to find his seat over by the excellently carved marble railing, which was captured especially for this party, it seemed. As he looked out at the dance floor and all of the people below, Kylo Ren suddenly remembered that he had helped these people to own it. The whole planet. All of it. “Please forgive my friend’s lateness, gentlemen,” exclaimed Hux from beside him. “He has a tendency to neglect his manners in that way. Not that he has any to begin with, being the proud warrior of an ancient religion and all.” The other officers laughed as Kylo Ren turned back around to glare at his friend. Instead of arguing however, he simply grabbed the flute of champagne that had been reserved for him and downed it, earning even more applause from the men. He did not dare acknowledge them, though, and he speedily repositioned his head and eyes away from his table and onto the floor beneath him. To Kylo Ren’s dismay General Denon, the white-headed man from earlier, spoke up again. “Tell me, Kylo Ren. With enough of those do you think that you might go for a round of dancing later this evening?” he asked, motioning to his empty glass as a nearby waiter came to fill it. “My daughter loves the dark and mysterious types, I must say, and I don’t believe she has yet to fill her dance card for the evening. Yours shall be the first on the list if you so desire, sir. It shall be my treat for the lovely planet you’ve given me.” The other men raised a glass to that, each of them owning an estate somewhere nearby, Hux was certain. He remembered hearing about General Denon’s successful harvests and substantial profits, and couldn’t help but think that his infamous daughter’s dowry would have nearly doubled by now, if not tripled in size. It’s a pity that no one should have it though , thought Hux to himself resentfully. Before Kylo Ren had the chance to reply to Denon, Hux interrupted with a snort, “Your daughter would surely reject my smouldering friend here as well as the others, I am assured. I have never met a pickier person.” This got a laugh from a few of the other officers, but General Denon only grinned. “Just because she rejected your proposal does not necessarily mean that she wasn’t warranted in making that decision, sir.” replied Denon. All of the others laughed, but Denon quickly corrected himself. “I mean, you got what you wanted with Careolein Veers, didn’t you? I’m sure that you’re very happy being the son-in-law of the one in charge of the battle of Hoth rather than the one that just helped him out.” He winked, sipping his drink. Although Kylo Ren knew that Hux was incredibly embarrassed, he was surprised that he remained silent at the old man’s remark. Kylo looked at Denon, impressed that he could silence his yippy dog. This girl must be a touchy subject for him, he suspected. “Speaking of marriage, Kylo Ren,” began another general from across the table. “This is a possibility for yourself, isn’t it? I don’t recall the Knights of Ren being too entirely celibate.” Kylo looked at him intently for a moment before shifting in his seat. “I have no time or patience for a wife, sir. And if I ever wanted a woman I could find one. That’s the way I see it.” The awkward creature cupped his hands in his lap after the remark, but instead of just being able to look at them for the rest of the evening the people around him kept talking and talking. He quickly decided to hate everyone here. The man smiled. “I like the way you think, boy. Maybe you deserve a medal, after all.” As the men continued their conversations, dinner was served, and everyone began to dig into the delicious, fresh caught Lobster Bisellian from the lake nearby. Hux watched his friend eat his dinner eagerly, as he had never witnessed him performing the function aboard Finalizer. Something about the way his jaw moved with his forceful chewing made him want to kiss him across the line of it. With every bite that Kylo Ren took from the lobster Hux was desperate to take its place on the plate. Before he knew it, he was completely aroused and finished eating early to cover himself with his napkin. He thanked his lucky stars that the Master of Ceremonies below had began to speak, and before anyone would notice he quickly ran to the restroom to straighten himself out. Walking in stride to the toilet he shut the door behind him nervously as he stroked himself, hoping that this would be enough to leave the man alone for the evening. He tried to stifle his noises, but anyone who had listened to him long enough would know exactly what he was doing. A pink spread through his cheeks that matched the color of the dead fish on his plate in its bewilderment and cripplingly embarrassing fear. Upon exiting the stall Hux would have sooner rather been dead than to see what awaited him next. His father-in-law, the old Maximilian Veers himself stood there with his steel-tipped cane, eyes mad in his ancient skull. A look of sheer disgust was molded on his face. What made Hux nervous was that it was of a more intense nature than usual. “Hux,” he shouted, sending the world spinning around him. “Are you truly so quick to shame my daughter with your heinous actions?” “-Sir, I don’t-” “You know damn well what I’m talking about, you pansy.” he spat. “The way you cling to that archaic devil makes me wonder how a man like you has made it so far in our fine Order.” General Hux had broken out into a sweat. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, sir.” he managed, barely. “Forgive me.” The old man shook in his ancient uniform to the point where his medals clanked together on his chest. “There is no tolerance of homosexuals in the hierarchy of the grand First Order! Do you not know this? How dare you to think that this could not slip by me when my beloved daughter is at the other end of this... this lying existence!” “My love for Careolein is not a lie!” snapped Hux as a bead of sweat dripped down his nose. If this secret got out, he could be executed. “I swear to you, sir, I love my wife! Kylo Ren may be my friend, but he is-” “But he is what?” interrupted General Veers as he moved in for the kill. After the slap of his ring across his son-in-law’s face, the man added. “Is he also your lover? Your dream lover? Do you fantasize about him in that way, Hux? You damn woman!” As he was being backed up against the restroom wall Hux was searching his mind for any kind of explanation or excuse for his behavior. Finally he said, “-But he’s getting married, sir. I-I was the one who suggested it to him.” “Liar!” “It’s true,” pleaded Hux. “He is marrying General Denon’s daughter, Kattran. I was the one who suggested it! I swear!” Major General Veers paused for a moment to look the shivering puddle in the eye, but seemed too sick with idea of him to look for more than a few seconds. Suddenly the old veteran stopped his assault on his son-in-law and backed off a few steps from him, giving him room to breathe. “As much as I know that you’re lying to me, I know how much you mean to my darling Careolein. She is my only daughter, Hux!” he exclaimed, pointing at him with his boney finger. “And for this reason I will not hurt her with the truth of your disgusting sexual pursuits. You are the father of her children. I could not have you killed. It would ruin her.” “Of course, sir, but I assure you that there is no need to-” His angry eyes flashed back up at him. “This doesn’t mean that you’re off the hook, boy. All that I can say is that if your lovely Kylo Ren is not married within the year I will have you tried in the Imperial Courts! Nothing gets past the Supreme Leader and his aides; you know this most of all.” “Yes sir, I do.” he choked. “And I know how well he thinks of you, General Veers. You could have me killed in the blink of an eye if you truly wished it.” “Aye!” shouted the miser. He shook his cane at Hux and cried, “And don’t think that just because you’re teacher’s pet that you can make a clean escape out of this one. Kylo Ren will be married, or else this little white lie will come back to bite you in the end, boy. You just wait and see!” General Veers flipped around and walked out of the restroom, leaving his quivering son-in-law behind on the marble floor. He left as quickly as he came, and for this Hux was left terror stricken. He had been watching me, he thought, standing back up again. He leaned against the sink and examined himself in the mirror, noticing how pale he was after the scare. After a few moments Hux splashed some water in his face and grabbed a towel from nearby, clearing his face of sweat and waking his mind up to the task at hand. I must return to the party . The dances had begun by the time he had returned, and his wife was standing by his table chatting, almost like she knew what had happened. He straightened his uniform and slicked back his hair with a nervous hand. Every move was make or break. “Ah!” exclaimed Careolein. “Here is my husband.” The lady turned to face and embrace him, but even as he did so his eyes glanced around the room for signs of his father-in-law. “They will be handing out your medals soon. I’ve come to fetch you both before you become too drunk like last year,” laughed Careolein forcefully. “Oh, Kylo Ren, if only you had been here.” The shadowy man showed no stir of emotion in his face, but merely nodded his head as if he understood. He was too busy examining his wild comrade Hux, who seemed to be sweating through his jacket. Kylo had only seen him look like this when he thought that he was about to die. “What’s wrong with you, Hux?” spoke up General Denon with the question that was on everyone’s mind. “You look as if you’ve seen a ghost. Stage fright, perhaps?” “N-no,” he stuttered, clinging to Careolein. “I just think that there was something wrong with my lobster bisellian. It had an odd flavor about it, did it not?” “Mine was delicious,” spoke Careolein. She suddenly moved her head to face General Denon and her golden curls bounced every which way. “It must be the lobster, General. My dear Hux is excellent at giving those rousing speeches. He is an amazing speaker!” She proclaimed with a voice sickeningly sweet. Kylo Ren cringed at her. Suddenly the announcer for the evening came back on again and asked that the men of honor that evening to please make their way to stage at the back of the ballroom. Careolein shrieked with excitement for her superstar husband and kissed him on the cheek. The other men at their table took this as a cue to leave, too, and each man began to stand and push in their seats. Kylo Ren was aware of the tiniest bit of joy resonating inside of him, but identifying it only as the joy at the party coming closer and closer to an end. He rose from his seat and joined the march to the ballroom. As the men and their wives moved down the tremendous staircase two red banners were raised on either side of the stage ahead. The sea of people parted as Hux and Kylo Ren made their way to the reception, being met with smiles and congratulations every way they turned. Retired General Maximilian Veers himself, second in command to Kylo Ren’s Grandfather, Darth Vader, made his way to center stage to greet the men as they approached. He would be awarding them their medals this evening. Hux shook in his boots at the sight of him again, but said nothing as the two stood beside him. “Ladies and Gentlemen of the First Order,” announced General Veers heroically. “Please rise for the singing of our anthem by Kattran Denon, daughter of General Bogdan Denon, veteran of the Galactic Civil War and the Battle of Hoth.” A young woman stepped onto the stage; a spotlight welcomed her arrival as two more focused on the blood red banners floating above her, illuminating the giant black seal of the Order. Unlike every other woman here she wore her black hair down, flowing all the way to her waist in length. She was thick in the hips, and the white silk dress she wore accentuated her curvaceous body beautifully. However, she did not seem comfortable in it, despite how flattering it was. The music began in the orchestra pit in an explosion of powerful sound. The piece was intimidating and moving, and had been played every night in every one of the audience’s homes, as per First Order regulation. Everyone knew the song the girl was singing, but only she could sing along. That was a rule, too. “Wake up people from the sleep of death our battle is not yet won Now or never, make a new name for yourself To which even your cruel enemies will bow. With an Order of ancient sufferings Let us remind them of our blood That in our chests we hold a name with pride Which is the First Order.” As her haunting voice left the ballroom, the anthem ended, resulting in claps and cheers from all who were present. Even Kylo Ren made an effort to acknowledge the woman’s talent as he clapped for her with Hux. Suddenly the young woman turned around to face them and shake their hands, and she walked across the stage for a brief interaction. Her smiling green eyes pleasantly widened at the sight of them, putting on a charming grin as well. First she came to Hux, who shook her hand spastically and did not maintain eye contact with her for very long. “Thank you for your service, Hux.” she said to him blandly, dropping his hand. Noticing how sweaty he was, she swiftly wiped her palm on the side of her gown before meeting Kylo Ren. So this girl is the troublemaker, thought Kylo to himself. When he examined her with his brown eyes he could not see what was the matter with her. She wasn’t an ugly girl, and she seemed to possess some talent. Just because she’s strong willed shouldn’t make her undesirable , he thought. As he took her slender hand in his own he felt her soft skin almost glow with warmth against him and his cold outer layer. Kylo Ren could have sworn he felt something familiar in the feelings that radiated from the girl, but it was as if the dark side were hiding that memory from him, for as much as he searched his mind nothing seemed to resurface within him. Whatever the feeling was, Kylo Ren was not against its presence, but knew that it was too happy an idea for him to indulge in it for long. He dropped her hand before she did, but did not part from her eyes. Green eyes like a cat’s sat in the girls skull like two gemstones, and if one were not careful you could be hypnotised by them quite quickly. They were surrounded by long black lashes, but were untainted by makeup like the other girls. Her lips had no color to them much, but they did draw a charming line of a grin across her round face. All of this was surrounded by thick black curls that fell all the way down her back, which were slightly unkempt and of every shape and size imaginable. She had no jewelry of any kind, except for the gemstones on her gown. Kylo Ren came to the conclusion that he was not the only one who did not want to be here. “Thank you for your service, Kylo Ren. You are greatly appreciated for the acquisition of my new home here on Farriglia Prime, and I hope that you enjoy yourself this evening.” said Kattran with her odd features. With every word she smiled at him, but he did not acknowledge it. “Indeed.” he said, flatly. With that he ceased to look at her, dismissing her in this way off of the stage. Sweetly she left him and walked through the crowd to her father, who, for some reason, seemed to be the only one who would look at the lady. General Veers cleared his throat as he approached his podium, and everyone went silent. “Tonight we honor two men who have awarded the First Order lands invaluable to its existence. The expansion of the Order Homeworld is remarkable for its citizens and military regime. With hundreds of thousands of new recruits, the memory of the Empire is rising from the ashes of the Galactic Civil War to become the phoenix now known as the army of the First Order! With this, our grand army, we come closer and closer to a galactic harmony that has never been known. With this army we shall bring stability to the galaxy, and bring peace to every system and its people!” With this Kylo Ren and Hux watched as every person in the ballroom gave the General a generous round of applause. After they had finished the old man continued. “And now we reward these two men with the Cross of Honor, the highest medal awarded to any First Order soldier, captain, or commander. With this, General Brendol Hux and Kylo Ren, Captain of the Knights of Ren, we thank you.” Another round of applause ensued as another officer brought out the medals for the two men. On a black pillow sat two silver crosses on lanyards made of red ribbon. The officer followed the ancient General Veers as he made his way across the stage towards Hux and Kylo Ren. When he stopped in front of his son-in-law, Kylo could have sworn he saw him tremble. After he placed the cross over his head the old veteran whispered something into his ear that made Hux sweat. Soon Veers was next to Kylo and preparing his medallion. He was so much taller than the little man before him that he had to lean down greatly for him to reach his head. With the bright silver cross strung across his neck, General Veers looked him in the eye and smiled. “Congratulations on your marriage.” he said. Chapter 2 : Dance for Him After the ceremony Kylo Ren stood in the corner of the ballroom looking on like a shadow with a pale face. As the room danced and cheered around him the more he searched for a familiar face or any possible comforts he could find with the return of his mask. Soon after he was given his medal Hux had abandoned him for his wife Careolein, and would not be brought to part from her for the rest of the evening, much to her delight. Since that time the dark warrior had made his way through the delightful turmoil of the ballroom to its farthest corner without much interference. The young women were too afraid of the standoffish thing to dare ask him to dance. Every once in awhile a man and his wife might stop Kylo to congratulate him, but being a man of few words the conversations he had with them did not last for long, and he would soon be rid of them. In his corner he soon came to the thought of Kattran Denon and how friendly she seemed. He quietly and shamefully wished to himself that he had said more to her at the ceremony, for now she had escaped him for greener pastures, he was sure. Although he knew it was against his master’s teachings, he could not help but feel lonely in this place, and he secretly desired even the tiniest amount of companionship. To his smallest of delights, General Denon had began making his way through the crowd of dancers and wealthy admirals in his direction. The white haired gentleman waved him down and approached him urgently. “Kylo Ren, my friend.” he began, out of breath. “You must come with me. I have told my wife of our meeting and now she insists on seeing you for herself. She greatly wishes for you to come and watch our daughter perform, as well.” “Perform?” he asked, following him nonetheless. The two men walked side by side through the crowd, and Kylo Ren could not help but feel more relaxed. For a moment back there he had longed for the security of his mask, but now he could rest easy in a more familiar company. “Yes.” replied Denon, smiling at the thought of his daughter. “If you haven’t noticed, Kattran is half Prthveean. I married her mother after the Imperial colonization of Prthveea a few years before the Battle of Endor. We’ve tried to keep as much tradition in her life as possible, much to her mother’s satisfaction, and as a result the girl has grown quite fond of singing and dancing.” Kylo was shocked to hear such a thing from a man so close to the Supreme Leader, but it did not deter him from following him. The acceptance of another culture that wasn’t originally Imperial was exceedingly rare, and for this everything began to make sense to him. The real reason for people’s criticism of Kattran was because she was of mixed race. They thought that she was foolish to reject a possible husband because of their belief that she would be lucky enough to get any positive attention at all. When the Empire came to Prthveea they considered them a lesser species and quickly colonized them. No wonder they belittle her so , he thought. Still shocked at the discovery, Kylo inquired further. “You mean to say that you allow their culture into a home of one of Snoke’s most devoted followers? How have you not been reprimanded?” he asked as the two men made their way to the veranda and gardens outside. The cool night air was refreshing to him, and a darker atmosphere eased the pain on his eyes. A line of torches illuminated their way to the rock gardens just a little ways to the left of them. General Denon laughed at him. “Oh believe me, Knight of Ren; the scowls that come my dear daughter’s way are punishment enough. But thankfully her race is fully humanoid, and therefore they cannot be considered slaves. That is the only reason, I am sure.” he replied thoughtfully, grinning at the stone pavers beneath their feet. “Either that or the fact that practically every man on the campaign took one of them home as a mistress. I was just foolish enough to marry mine, I suppose.” Kylo Ren looked at the older man in a new light, and even though he had participated in an act that is to be looked down upon, he knew other men among his ranks that were much more deserving of reproach. As the two men came upon the large tent in the torch-lit gardens the sounds of drums and exotic flutes and stringed instruments could be heard in the distance. One of the stringed things was so tall in its design that you could see it over the edge of some of the bushes and high rock walls surrounding the spot. A massive crowd of uniformed officials and their women had gathered there with their evening drinks to see the girl once again, but if one listened closely their conversations were not ones of praise, but of a mocking sort that to Kylo Ren seemed undeserving and snobbish. He could not care about the situation one way or another. “You see these musicians, sir?” asked General Denon as they entered the exotic tent. “These are all relatives of my wife, Anoushka. Because I am regarded as a Maharaja among them they must follow her everywhere to serve me and my wife. Isn’t that strange? It’s as if their lives were a competition to see who could find the best husband. Those who never married came here with her.” Kylo Ren carefully examined each player. All were dressed in sheer, colorful dresses with intricate, if not endless, bead work on each woman’s shawl and skirt. Their shoes were pointed at the end without heels and had thick ribbon that kept the shoes on their feet. The women sat in an odd way, with their legs crossed and overlapping to create a triangle shape, which obviously was comfortable for them, as each one of them slouched or rested their head against the top of their fist. Their jet black hair had been done up into thick round balls on top of their heads, the eldest having about six or eight and the youngest having only one or two. Each had jewelry of a remarkable quality and style, as massive gold hoops hung from their ears and gold studs pierced their noses. Their bangles rattled against each other as they waited patiently for their guest of honor, the infamous Kattran Denon, to arrive. General Denon tapped him on the arm and motioned for Kylo Ren to follow him behind a carved marble wall. There stood the man’s wife and daughter, arguing. “They are only here to poke fun, mother, nothing more.” said Kattran to her mother, who was too busy braiding her daughter’s hair to listen too intently. “I agreed to the Order’s anthem, but this is another thing. You’re just sticking me out there like some kind of trained lizard-monkey! Mother, they will think me foolish-!” When her father and his friend came in sight the girl immediately stopped talking, ashamed of herself for possibly disappointing her father by arguing. The girl’s mother noticed that her daughter had finally quit complaining and stood to applaud her work. She dismissed the other Prthveean servants that had helped with her daughter’s extravagant costume and turned around to see her husband and a rather tall, dark man standing closely beside him. “Ah! Bogdan, you have returned with the man of the hour!” said the lady with her strange accent. “My Lord, it is an honor.” As the exotic woman bowed in her evening’s finery, Kylo knew immediately why General Denon had married her. Even at the age of 45 or 50 the woman looked like a fresh-faced beauty with exquisite features and elegant mannerisms. Her tan skin was a glowing, flawless bronze, accented by the excessive amount of gold she wore. Even her gown was made of gold thread, interrupted occasionally by the stray Prthveean diamond or ruby. Her dramatic eyes were the same strange green as her daughter’s, but not nearly as inviting and bright, he noticed. In fact, when Kylo looked at the girl's mother it was hard to picture Kattran even being related to her, let alone the fact that she was her mother. She didn’t seem to display any of those qualities that a normal mother would have. Kylo Ren saw that her strangely twisted sense of vanity had driven those away some time ago. “My darling, is something wrong?” asked General Denon, moving to his daughter’s side. Kattran grabbed her father’s outstretched hand and rose from her seat. Her hands and arms covered in incredibly intricate henna patterns, with gold rings on every finger. Kattran’s shining eyes were traced with a black smokey makeup, making her look a bit catty. Draped across her chest, around her shoulders and covering her hair was a magnificent red and gold sheer shawl, and wrapped around her chest was a blood colored top with a matching gem covered skirt that flipped every which way as she walked and swayed. Her flat stomach remained exposed and naked, as were her arms with the exception of a few copper bangles. Around her ankles were dozens upon dozens of bells to aid her in the dance, Kylo suspected. Even though it had only been a little over an hour since their parting, Kattran was practically unrecognizable to him. Although she seemed to belong in the outfit her body language expressed another opinion. “No father,” said the girl, despite the fact that she was obviously uncomfortable. A quick glance of her green eyes away from her father and in the direction of Kylo Ren made things perfectly clear to the dark warrior that she was too smart to complain about her audience of the First Order in his presence, whether she was correct in her judgements or not. “I’m just nervous.” she claimed. “Well if that is the case, my dear, then it is best to go on with your performance. The sooner you start the dance the sooner it will be over.” ordered her mother hurriedly. She wrapped her daughter’s veil around her face to where only her eyes were visible and handed her two jeweled daggers, the likes of which were unfamiliar to Kylo Ren. “Best of luck, my lovely girl.” A kiss on the forehead and Kattran was gone, moving behind the wall to the entrance of the tent on the other side of the garden. “Come, Knight of Ren.” said the lady Anoushka, grabbing the young man’s arm to be escorted. “My daughter is quite the beauty, is she not?” Kylo turned to walk with her, and did not reject her hand. “In a strange way. Her features are unique to say the least.” he mumbled, trying his hand at conversation. General Denon seemed pleased with his attempt, and smiled behind them as they walked. “Oh, I hope that she has not troubled you too much with her odd humor. Sometimes I think her too boyish and rebellious. I hope that she will begin to see that time is not on her side when it comes to what little charm she has left.” chatted Anoushka vainly, thinking of the little things. Although Kylo Ren did not agree with her and in fact did not agree with any part of her person, he remained with the Denons for the evening’s festivities, and stood with them in their place on the wall to watch their daughter entertain them. Inside the glowing white tent were several metal torches illuminating the place for the massive crowd that had formed inside it. Some of the men had found a seat on the floor while the majority of the women remained standing, disinterested in what they called the “Imperial Mutt”. Suddenly the curtain at the other end of the grassy stage opened as the musicians started their song. An interesting thing stood before them as every bit of foreign gold glinted and gleamed on the girl in red. With practiced step, a sensually masked Kattran made her way to the center of the room, the bells on her ankles keeping time with the beat of the drums. The large sitars seemed to mimic the sound of her spinning as her body twisted and turned with the music. Without warning Kattran pulled off her veil, revealing a smiling face and a long mane of hair tied up into an intricate black braid. Singing in a language that Kylo Ren could not understand, he and the other men watched intently as she danced. Kattran’s wide hips were skilled, and her stomach moved almost erotically as she swayed. Her decorated hands danced as well; her fingers, which had been entirely dipped in red ink, told a story along with her body. Her voice was almost hypnotic as she sang to her audience, who to his surprise had stopped their verbal assault on Kattran and were now entirely mesmerized by her. Upon closer inspection the now skilled sith lord read that several of the men were willing to cheat on their wives tonight, as some of them began to whistle and cheer for her in crude and demeaning ways. As this was going on Kylo could not help but wonder what the girl’s father, who was standing right beside him, was thinking about. About how his daughter was being sexualized for the enjoyment of his regime, perhaps? Kylo was tempted to read his mind, but he decided that he would not ruin his daughter’s show with her father’s screams while he painfully dug around in his brain. It was too much of a bother, the warrior reminded himself. Instead he only stole a glance at the the man, who unlike everyone else in the crowd was frowning, expressionless. The sudden appearance of the two bejeweled daggers got a rousing shout from the crowd, and Kylo Ren’s attention was once again on the girl. With the things in her hands she began to juggle them with ease as she danced. The music kept speeding up in its pace, and in turn so did Kattran. Her practiced movements were effortless as she twisted and contorted with the utmost skill and unbelievable flexibility. She had stopped singing now, and the women musicians that sat on the floor picked up where she had left off in the song. Out of thin air two more daggers appeared which she quickly swung around her fingers and slid across her back without a single scratch to her skin. The crowd went wild as Kattran used her incredibly strong sense of balance to stack the daggers one on top of the other on the tip of her big toe. Her long tan leg hung straight in the air as she remained balanced on the other, immovable. Kylo was impressed, but did not dare show it. He let the audience do the clapping for him as the girl’s first dance ended. Kattran’s mother beside him made a sudden movement, causing Kylo to turn his head just in time to see General Hux and his wife Careolein making their way to join them in the tent. As they got closer he noticed how Hux’s eyes kept looking back and forth from Kattran to his own, like he was trying to say something without saying it. Kylo Ren didn’t like it one bit, and when the two of them sat down beside him and the Denons he cringed. He could tell from fighting alongside him all these years when he had a plan, and this definitely looked like one of those situations. What made the sith so uncomfortable, however, was the strange feeling that it had something to do with him. “General Hux! Miss Careolein! It is so good to see you again!” exclaimed Kattran’s mother, embracing them both like they were family. She was especially good to Hux, Kylo noticed, patting him on the head and smiling like a maniac. This was the man that her daughter rejected, after all. “Have you come to watch my daughter perform?” “Yes, of course, Madam Denon!” replied Hux enthusiastically. The sweetness in his voice disturbed his dark friend, and suddenly his desire to be back on his ship Finalizer was stronger than it had been all evening. He was so tired of these people that he could scream, but with help from his master Snoke’s extensive training he was able to bottle the feeling for a few minutes longer. Sadly General Hux mistook Kylo Ren’s odd serenity as a clue to a possible infatuation with the dancer in front of them, as his eyes did not leave her for more than a few moments at a time. General Hux became ecstatic at the idea of it- Kylo Ren in love with the very woman he needed him to marry! He felt a weight lift off of his shoulders as he sat down to join them. “How do you like the Prthveean girl, Kylo Ren?” asked Hux as the girl’s mother chatted away with Careolein. “She is of a strange charm, is she not?” Kylo rolled his eyes at him. “I suppose, but that is only due to an inferior birth. You know this.” he replied, tired of it all. Hux grinned at his unsuspecting friend. “You know that she is single. She would make an excellent wife for you! Make love to her a few times, have a few children, and she’ll leave you alone for the rest of your life. And who says that you can’t have any other women? Prthveeans are well known for their sexual passivity.” “I have no need of a wife, Hux,” said Kylo sternly. “A marriage for a sith lord is of no use to anyone. Love is out of the question.” “Who says that you would have to love her?” “It’s a marriage. An obvious dreamer like Kattran Denon would atleast try it.” “But you would be the man,” Hux added desperately, his previous assumption failing. “Deny her. Many great men have done it. She would only be there to provide stability.” “Stability?” scoffed Kylo Ren. “She would cause only turmoil. I have already struggled to control my emotions enough; it is a sith’s weakness, one’s own feelings. It was the downfall of my grandfather Vader and it will be my own if I were to let it.” “Oh come now, Kylo Ren!” laughed Hux nervously. “You would only-” “Enough!” Kylo waved an angry hand to silence him. His strange eyes were wide and glaring as his temper had nearly reached its boiling point. “I don’t need to listen to you about trying to get me to marry someone who has their whole life ahead of them. The small, if not miniscule, bit of affection that I might ever show the girl would be to leave her alone. A marriage with me would ruin her forever, just as it would be with any other woman. So let me have my prostitutes and slave girls. Let the darkness lie, and do not encroach upon the subject again.” Hux watched as his friend stood to leave, his fists clenched as he did so. Although Kattran’s mother and father both said their goodbyes to him, the man did not turn around or stop in his mad dash for the door. While Kattran’s merry band struck up the last song of the evening the girl watched as the most interesting member of the audience left her. Her gemstone eyes followed him out of the tent until finally, as if he could feel her watching him, Kylo Ren paused at the entrance of the garden for one last look at her. Their eyes met, she thought, and with the shake of his head he was gone. Did I do something wrong? she thought. Before all of the guests had left for the evening, General Hux told Anoushka to be waiting. ______________________________________________________________________________ The next night while on board the impressive Finalizer and back into the normal run of things, General Hux made contact with Supreme Leader Snoke in the privacy of his chamber. He made sure to lock every door before the holoprojector showed him his master’s face. To his dismay, Snoke had already heard evidence of his scheming from the devoted Kylo Ren, and now demanded to know exactly what was going on. “You know that you cannot lie to me, General Hux. That is certain.” Snoke snarled, the little blue image faltering. “Spit it out, boy, or I will scrape through your memories myself.” “I promise you, my lord, that there will be no need for that.” replied Hux humbly. “I will tell you now that my plan for Kylo Ren is indeed for him to marry Kattran Denon, who is, sir, of a noble stock with her father being your ever loyal General Bogdan Denon, but whose mother is a Prthveean. The combination has created quite a lovely-” “Get to the point.” he growled. General Hux cleared his throat and nodded, nervous. Although he greatly wanted to keep this part out of the story, the last time that the Supreme Leader examined his mind he broke two ribs fighting back from the pain. He decided to go on with the show. “My father-in-law Maximilian Veers suspects me of being a homosexual,” he said, “and so threatened me with execution if he did not see Kylo Ren married to Kattran. I-I told him that I referred Kattran to Kylo, to disrupt any assumptions he might have made to my sexuality and desire for him, sir.” A long, intimidating silence came from the hologram, and for a moment Hux could feel the life being drained out of him. Finally, after what felt like ages, the Supreme Leader spoke up. “You’re a damn fool, Hux.” he shouted, his mangled face contorting into a look of intense anger. “I know of your feelings towards my apprentice, and I will tell you now that it sickens me! Your vices have become your downfall, and a well deserved one at that! You weakling scum!” In the blink of an eye the General’s throat was forced shut by an invisible hand. He knew that this power was the terrifying thing that possessed Kylo Ren; the very thing that drives him and destroys him all at the same time. The Supreme Leader growled at him through his heinous projection, and for a moment Hux thought that it would be the last image he would ever see. However, just as he was about to blackout, Snoke dropped his dangling body onto the cold metal floor of the Finalizer. He gasped for breath through the pain, and his lungs readily returned to him. He stood as soon as he was able. “I should kill you now,” the Supreme Leader began, steadying himself. “But it’s amazing how one little rat like yourself has gained so much power in my dear regime. The First Order is practically dependent on you, it seems.” “T-Thank you, Supreme Leader.” “Quiet boy!” he shouted through the hologram. “In no way am I praising you. The only praise a man like you can receive is that of your fallen enemies, of whose ranks I am not yet counted. Remember that when you dream so senselessly of Kylo Ren. Your weaknesses are innumerable.” “Yes, Supreme Leader,” squawked Hux, trembling. “I will never forget the unimaginable power that you possess. I am truly sorry for my wrongdoings, and I swear on my life that I will never fail you again!” Snoke laughed. “Of course you will fail me again, Hux. You are flawed beyond measure, as is your comrade Kylo Ren. But, let me remind you that that is why you are both here, seeking my superior guidance.” The hologram shivered, and Hux nodded in response. “This is why I am allowing you to continue in your plan.” continued Snoke, taking the shaking General by surprise. “The idea of testing Kylo Ren’s limits in this way will be the ultimate trial run for the new sith lord that he has become. He will have a wife, and eventually children who will test his every emotional limit. If he can procreate without affection of any kind, he will be ten times the sith that his foolish grandfather was. He could have it all, and I would be verified as the supreme being that introduced it to him.” Hux was wide eyed in disbelief, but did not dare interrupt him. His heart was beating at an unbearable speed in his chest, but at the same time it gave Hux the beautiful sensation of being alive. He was finally able to relax. “If my premonitions do not lie the girl he will marry is a force sensitive being, although she does not know it. With her as a wife all of his children will have the ability as well. Not only will he be tested, but no matter what his offspring will be there for me to teach additionally. It is an interesting predicament to be sure, General.” And with that, Hux was immediately sent to Farriglia Prime with this message. Kylo Ren felt it. Chapter 3 : Chain Gang The third moon rose high over House Vigneto as the Denon’s and their caravan arrived back at the estate, a new day close at hand. The Lady Anoushka’s family members unloaded their instruments from the chain of shuttles and made their way into the gigantic manor, a relatively new acquisition of their master and maharaja Bogdan Denon. The house had been built at least 300 years before the Clone Wars, and its ancient facade was breathtaking to say the least. Six Farriglian marble columns shot up proudly to the jade tile roof that supported several elegant porches on the home’s second and third floors. The farmer’s mansion greeted its new family with two handsome wooden doors that were nine or ten feet in height, each side carved to depict the vineyards and farmland that surrounded the sprawling 3,000 acre estate. Upon entering the house its master couldn’t believe that the housekeeper had not kept the lights on for them. A bit of silver light shone down from the windows, but beyond a certain point the mansion very well could have been a cave. In the pitch blackness the newly acquainted residents of the home struggled to find the switches, but when their blind fingers found them they quickly learned that all electricity and back-up power had been cut from the house. General Denon told everyone to be quiet for a moment and listened intently for any hint of the generators, but when the women had ceased talking an eerie silence befell them. When they called for the housekeeper no one responded. In the pit of the daughter’s stomach she knew that something was wrong, and in her mind she couldn’t help but shake the idea that something awful had happened while they were gone. What bothered her was that she could not trust her eyes, as any evidence that may be in the house had been covered by shadows, whose presence themselves could not be explained by anyone in her company. The house may be old, yes, but its power supply was tied directly to a newly refurbished First Order government station just a few miles down the road. Kattran held her mother’s hand more tightly as the feeling of dread spread over her more and more with every passing second that she was in the house. “Where is Mrs. Bassanelli?” asked Anoushka in the darkness, her voice a bit shaken. “She has been at House Vigneto since she was a girl. It’s not like someone that dedicated to abandon something like this!” Her husband approached her and placed a hand on her shoulder, the white hairs on his head picking up a bit of light from the moon outside. “Perhaps she despises us for taking over her planet and refused to serve us any longer. Admiral Ozzel’s widow Saleem was telling me how several of her attendants had refused service in the first few weeks after the take over. The people of Farriglia Prime are quite proud, it seems.” “But Mrs. Bassanelli was a lovely woman,” added Kattran sadly. “Something has happened to her, I’m sure of it. Something is very wrong.” The girl was increasingly nervous, and the other women held on a bit more tightly to their instrument cases. Without saying a word she began moving past them to open the front doors of the house again, pouring an iridescent silver light into the foyer. The shuttle drivers had not yet retired their ships, but Kattran knew that if she were to have any hope of getting help she would have to hurry to keep them from leaving. She ran down the steps and into the courtyard, flagging down the pilots by waving her arms this way and that. One of the men saw her and reopened the door to his ship as the others flew off into the night. The sliding metal door split open on the side of the ship as Kattran approached, revealing the sterile white interior of the shuttle. The young military man met her at the door, his black pilot’s helmet flawlessly shining in the glaring white lights of the ship. “Miss Denon,” he saluted. “How may I be of service?” Kattran smiled at him as she does everyone, but her eyes were busy finding their way around the ship, looking for anything that might help. “There isn’t any power in the house,” she informed him, biting her nails. “Would you happen to have a flashlight or something of that sort? Anything that might help us to see where to fall down and sleep?” “I do, Miss, but I only have one. You’ll have to share amongst yourselves until I can report the outage for you.” the pilot immediately went to the drawer where the flashlight was kept and plucked it from the gravitational restraints. “Oh, well thank you, sir!” she laughed skittishly, surprised at herself for not asking him to report the outage herself. Perhaps if she weren’t so tired from the party this evening she would have been able to think more clearly, but the bad feeling in her head was probably to blame. “My family and I are grateful for your thoughtfulness.” The pilot handed her the flashlight, but hesitated, looking at the troubled look on her face. “So the entire house is without power? What about the back-up generators?” “They’re not working either. Everything’s down.” He suddenly began to look a bit worried, but gave Kattran the flashlight anyway. “But what about Mrs. Bassanelli? Hasn’t she told you what happened to them?” As he asked her questions he pressed a few buttons on the communicator on his wrist, sending a message to someone. Uneasy, Kattran frowned as she shifted the flashlight around in her decorated hands, still covered in gems and red ink like dried blood. She replied, “When we returned the door was unlocked, but no one was there to greet us. My father suspects that she has run off.” The man quickly pulled out his blaster from a side pocket, stepping down from the shuttle with a startled Kattran. “If you don’t mind, Miss Denon, I would like to properly examine the house. From what you’ve told me I wouldn’t be surprised if someone had burglarized the residence. Someone might be inside.” “Do you think so? Oh god, I-I thought that maybe I was just-” “Yes. Please, may I have the flashlight?” interrupted the man sternly. Kattran immediately handed the stainless steel cylinder to the man as the two ran towards the open doors of the house. To her dismay she heard her family inside screaming about something, but instead of just one man’s voice- the voice of her father- she heard the commanding shouts of many men. The ladies were screaming and panicking; one of them dropped their sitar on the floor, after which followed the sound of the strings snapping in an oddly musical way after the thing broke. When the pilot shined his bright blue-ish light into the foyer the two of them were shocked to see that it was empty. “Papa!?” shouted Kattran, trailing behind the pilot as they searched. Objects in the house were briefly covered in the bright light of the flashlight, but only for split seconds of time before the duo would run off deeper and deeper into the house. Vases had smashed onto the floor. Chairs and bookcases were overturned. Another scream from one of her aunts grabbed their attention long enough to pull them through the debris and in the right direction. At the end of the final room they burst through the doors and onto the veranda where her mother and father stood with their hands up, two intimidating blaster rifles pointed at their faces. Before Kattran even saw the man a red bolt shot out of nowhere. The pilot’s body shot back, hitting the outside wall of the house. Within seconds the man went limp, and his hand let go of his blaster. “No!” she shouted, covering her eyes. The other women screamed as well; their terror made more real now that their faces were illuminated. Once their relative had opened her eyes she noticed the giant pile of their burning furniture that was casting such strange black and orange patterns against the people on the veranda. Everything seemed to spin and glitch in an odd way against its ominous glow. One of the women, her aunt Moti, grabbed the girl by the skirt and dragged her closer to them for protection. As she was welcomed into the pile of shaking ladies quivering fingers and hands wrapped themselves around her as they all lay on the dewy wet ground of the garden. Their eyes never left the fire. “Is that it, Denon?” hollered a man’s voice with an accent like her mother’s. In front of the bonfire stood his shadowy outline, but from this angle and distance Kattran could only pick out his dozens upon dozens of gold necklaces, which sparkled greedily in the firelight. “I’ve killed your First Order pet. Now do me a favor and tell me if there’s any more of the damned things around here that I need to worry about.” She was afraid to move, but her father seemed unscathed by the man’s attempts at intimidation. She watched as her father turned his head towards the thug and said, “No. That man was only my chauffeur. I have no personal guard.” The man laughed, as did the others. This made Kattran look around. There were at least six other men in the yard with them, each with menacing looking weapons of their own. One of the men was a Rodian, while another was Devaronian, his brown horns sharpened to a point. All of the others, however, were Prthveean thugs; she could tell by how many chains each man wore around their necks. Besides their necklaces Prthveean gang members and drug lords never wore shirts, and covered themselves in permanent, tattooed henna designs. Her mother had told her all about them when she was a child, and now she was beginning to think that she was in one of her terrifying tales. “I always knew that you were never as important as you let on to be, Dennon.” said the obvious leader of the group. Finally, the cocky man stepped closer to his prisoners, and gave Kattran a better view of her captor. He was an older man, but hard work had left him lean and muscular. His Prthveean head of jet black hair had left him, and now his head was bald, with a long, pink scar going up and down the length of it. “And although you may act like you have a run of the place, I’m here to remind you that you most certainly do not .” The thug leader kicked her father in the back of his knees, knocking him to the ground. With this Kattran forced the ladies off of her and stood up, grabbing the dead pilot’s blaster just a few feet away. The man’s blood had covered the cold metal weapon, but she did not let it frighten her. She knew that she was the only one that could do something to help. She swallowed her fear for her family. “Don’t touch my father like that, you gangster scum!” she shouted, dragging all of the attention to herself. Her aunt Moti hit her across the thigh, but she ignored her. “What do you want from us?” “Kattran, no!” her father yelled. A slap from the Devaronian quickly silenced him. The gang leader crossed his arms as he looked at her. “Father, hm? Then you’re just the girl I’ve been looking for. Thanks for making it so fuckin’ easy!” The man started laughing again and began walking towards her, despite the girl aiming the blaster right at him. “I guess you can’t help being a little stupid though, being half Imperial and all. Poor dumb bitch.” As the bonfire blazed defiantly behind him the gangster’s scar seemed to be playing a game of connect the dots with his left eye, which Kattran could now recognize as being entirely bionic. Several of his fingers seemed to be prosthetic too, but that was to be expected from a man belonging to a Prthveean gang; if you ever disappointed the big boss you had to cut your own finger off and present it to him in a little black box for forgiveness. Four times the man had done this, from what the girl could see. “The name’s Avi Panama, sweetheart.” said the man, introducing himself. After a little sarcastic bow he added, “You’ll get used to hearin’ that name real fuckin’ quick.” “And why’s that?” asked Kattran, trying to be brave. Her hands were shaking from holding the bloody gun, but the voice in her head kept telling her to hold it together. One of his plastic fingers pointed to her mother, whose black makeup was running like a river down her perfect face. “Don’t you know that you’re mama’s a whore?” he laughed, never breaking eye contact with her. “She was the best girl the syndicate ever had. Made us hundreds of thousands of credits. But when that dumbass Daddy of yours decided that he was gonna marry her, he didn't even bother to ask us if we were through with her yet!” He turned his cheap plastic fingers into a fist and shook it at Kattran, furious. She glanced over at her mother, whose gorgeous face was now covered in shame. “Mother,” cried her daughter, forcing her to look her in the eye. “Is it true what the man says?” Although her mother wouldn't answer, her father did. He felt like he owed her the truth- that he had never thought that he would ever have to tell her. He mumbled from the ground, “Yes, dear. I stole your mother from this man and married her.” The old man dared to grab the hem of his wife's dress and looked up at her from the dirt he sat in. “But she stole my heart first.” The gangster Avi cringed at the sound of her father’s honest words and came at him from where he stood in front of her, screaming, “Do you know how much revenue you took from us? Anoushka pussy was known the galaxy over!” He stomped the ball of his foot into her father’s collarbone, sending him backwards into the dirt. “Oh, stop it! Please stop it!” her mother cried desperately, dropping to her feet to guard him. “You can't do this!” “I can and I will!” Yelled the gangster into her ear, turning back towards Kattran as his men brought the couple to their feet again. “Your daughter will compensate nicely for all the pain you've caused me. Ya know, you really were like family to us, Anoushka.” Anoushka panicked. “We'll give you all the money you want! Just leave the girl!” The boorish man cackled again. “That would be too easy, my dear! 32 years it's been since he took you from me, and 20 years since you shit this chubby brat out into the world. I mean, what've you been feeding this girl? She's got an ass like a fuckin’ shelf.” He pointed to Kattran almost drunkenly as he continued to laugh. “And besides, your filthy Imperial credits are even too bloody for a gangster’s bank, anyway.” Although the man was right in the crosshairs of the gun the poor trembling girl could not bring herself to shoot. She thought that if she did the other men might kill her parents or some of her other family members. Even though she was known for her boldness, Kattran Denon would not be so bold as to kill him. She began to cry under the pressure of each passing footstep; the terrifying gangster coming closer and closer with every step he took. With a cold look in his one functioning eye fit to kill, Kattran could feel her heart pounding in her trembling chest. “She’s engaged! Panama, she’s getting married!” her mother screamed from the other end of the yard, her body silhouetted from the fire as she struggled against the Rodian thug. She looked at her mother, confused about what she was saying. The other women were just as puzzled, and the Prthveean man could tell. “What are you blabbering about Anoushka? Why do you think I care?” he shouted back to her, smiling. “You know that the groom can go fuck himself, if he even exists. My money is more important than some halfbreed wedding.” Anoushka grinned as if she had come up with something clever. “Why don’t you tell him that? I’m sure that the captain of the Knight’s of Ren would be happy to oblige you.” While her husband and daughter eyed her suspiciously, the one good eye of the Prthveean widened in sheer terror. The other men in the group shifted uncomfortably and looked to their leader for the proper response. To Avi Panama, that response was to swallow. Hard. “Kylo Ren?” he asked, his shivering voice barely above a whisper. The name made the others cringe, and after it passed his big lips he covered his mouth with an uneasy hand. A sweat began above his brow, and everyone on the veranda knew that the thug was terrified. “The same man who lead the Togorian Genocides under Hux?The one who was in charge of the annihilation of that village on Jakku, and the attack on Takodana?” A spiteful gleam awoke in Anoushka’s tired eyes as she nodded her head in confirmation. “He has taken quite a liking to my daughter and her family. It was only this evening when I received the news of his proposal from General Hux himself.” One of the gang members got jumpy, and without warning shoved his gun closer to her face. “Prove it, you crazy bitch. I don’t believe a single thing coming out of your mouth!” “Yeah, show us something!” spouted another. A massive gust of wind grazed the trees outside, knocking leaves around and into the air. The fire leaned backwards against it, and soon its light wasn’t the only one left in the garden. As if they were in a dream a monstrous black command shuttle had miraculously appeared before them in the sky, its red landing fixtures illuminating the ground below. As they basked in the bloody glow of the gigantic winged ship no one dared move for fear of death, not even the Denons, whose loyalties lay within the bowels of the spacecraft. Only the extremely powerful were granted access to Upsilon -class shuttles, and whoever was lucky enough to obtain one was sure to be a force not to be reckoned with. As the shuttle’s enormous stabilizers lowered the craft into position over the Denon’s back pasture, the wind that came off of the bird-like ship became nearly unbearable. The huddle of women buried their heads in each other's laps as they clung to the body beside them. Some of the gang members nearly fell over as the force of the gale pushed into the backside of the mansion and bounced back off of its ancient walls. The bonfire that the men had lit extended its reach with the help of the shuttle and licked its flames across the Devaronian’s face, sending him into a mad, screaming frenzy. “Is this proof enough, boys?” hollered a mad Anoushka through the wind, laughing and hugging her husband. Before the Double Ion engines had screeched into landing the men slung their hodgepodge of weapons over their shoulders and ran, abandoning their captive family just as suddenly as they had found them. The bright headlights from the command shuttle blasted their frantic shadows across the mossy stone wall of the house before they made their way through the field, bits of wheat brushing against them, whipping against their bare backs and arms in scratches. Their ship, an old GX1 Short Hauler was illuminated in the distance by the intimidating red glow of the Upsilon . Not wanting to miss a thing, Kattran rushed to the end of the garden to watch them as they ran, her parents and relatives following close behind. The gangsters were quick when they needed to be. For a moment she thought that they might make it off of the Vigneto Estate alive; the onside ramp was dropping on the ship as its crew sprinted closer and closer to proximity. They were only split specks now. Half of their trembling bodies were exposed to the light of the shuttle, while the other half was still dipped in their favorite darkness. It was an odd thing indeed. An eerie mechanical dragging sound erupted from the other side of the field, and the Denon’s watched as the command shuttle’s two twin laser cannons shifted into action. In the blink of an eye the gangster’s old cruiser exploded into flame, sending burning sheets of shrapnel across the length of the yard, some of it even hitting the edge of the house’s roof. The men that had seen that ship as a desperate sanctuary were blown back in the destruction, and in a fit of terror stopped dead in their tracks, knowing that there was nowhere left to go. Two beams of red lasers shot across the field at the gangsters, but when the smoke cleared there was nothing left of them but mist. Anoushka covered her mouth at the sight of it, but her daughter could only look on in disbelief. This was the strangest night of her life. Her mind was racing over what she had just seen and the feelings that she had jumped through her body one after the other. She was so confused and exhausted that she could only bring herself to stand there and stare. Her heart was beating inside her chest so hard that she thought that if she moved even a little bit she would faint or vomit, and her breathing was violent and sporadic. Watching those men explode was something that she would never unsee, and for that she cried. Silently. Like the others. After what seemed like an age the ramp from the giant, vulture-like ship ejected down into the earth of the wheat field; the ominous grey interior within the frightening ship let loose a strange hissing steam from the release of the bridge. Polished black boots barged down the ramp imperially, several more following close behind him. From the man’s sides came two stormtroopers, gun raised, on the lookout for any further interference from the Prthveean crew. Their strange filtered voices chatted to each other through their helmets as they jogged to the place where the bodies were liquidised. As the two white figures checked the wreckage of the ship and the grounds surrounding it the Denon's noticed a single, bloody arm rise from the debris. One of the men was still alive! “Bhains ki aulad!” swore her aunt Moti in a native tongue, frantically pointing in his direction. “By Brahma, he is still alive! The old bastard Panama!” Anoushka’s wild eyes snapped to his direction, as did everyone’s, but before she even had a chance to say anything one of the stormtroopers spotted his tattooed arm. Aiming his blaster at the man’s head the stormtrooper fired a single shot, finishing him off. After everything had been cleared, the stormtroopers motioned for the other men to proceed. In the light of the ship Bogdan Denon recognized a fellow general standing at the ready. The man and three uniform followers marched across the grounds towards the bedraggled family while another, smaller engineering ship arrived on the property just in time to fix the house’s generators. When the two mechanics exited the tiny craft in their orange work suits, the looks on their faces were ones of utter confusion as they examined the incredible amount of damage that surrounded them. Without saying a word, they made their way to the basement, leaving the big kids to their business. “General Denon,” saluted the general, his long black coat flowing behind him stiffly. After he removed his black cap his face was finally revealed. “General Hux,” replied Bogdan, saluting. “You’re timing couldn’t have been better.” Anoushka ever so slightly pushed her husband out of the way to accept Hux’s gloved hand, smiling like a lunatic. While her daughter watched her mysterious mother swoon over her powerful new friend, a strange satisfied grin spread across the conniving general’s pale face. Kattran cringed. What had her mother done? I don’t know what to believe anymore , she thought. “It would seem so, sir, but I assure you that I did not come here with the intent to kill. Although your darling wife knows why I have come, you and your daughter have yet to hear my good tidings.” said Hux, withdrawing his hand from Anoushka’s eager grip. “Come, friends. Surely you are tired. Join me in the house, and we shall have a nice chat.