Hux was walking out of school when he saw his best friend, Phasma, standing at the front of a crowd and he decided to see what it was about. "What's with this." He asked her. "There's a guy on the roof." She said with no emotion in her voice. "I think he's going to jump." Hux looked up and saw a tall boy with dark hair that he recognized from his art class standing on the edge of the roof looking down. Before Hux even knew what was happening, he was running inside the school climbing the stairs two steps at a time. He got to the door that lead to the roof, but when he attempted to open it, the door didn't budge. There was no lock on the door, so it must have been barricaded from the outside. Hux stepped back a few paces, then he ran forward and rammed his whole body into the door. It budged slightly, so he did it again. After the fourth time of ramming his body into the door it burst open. He ran out and located the boy. "Hey, you! Stop!" Hux yelled desperately, though he didn't know why he cared so much. "There's no point." The boy whispered. Hux slowly walked closer to the boy, afraid that if he moved to suddenly he would jump. He stopped somewhere between where the boy was standing and the door. "At least come talk to me first." Hux pleaded. "Tell me what's wrong. Maybe I can help." The boy continued to stand in his place for several minutes in silence before he turned around and walked over to Hux. He stood in front of Hux and stared at him for a few seconds before he broke the silence. "What do you want?" The boy said coldly. "I-I don't know, honestly." Hux replied. "You could start with telling me your name. And maybe why you're up here." "Kylo." "What?" Hux responded with confusion. "My name. It's Kylo." "It's nice to meet you Kylo. I'm Hux." He said with a slight smile. "Why are you up here?" "Long story. Now if you don't mind, I had plans." Kylo said, turning back to the edge of the roof. Hux reached out and grabbed Kylo's wrist. He turned around and stared down at Hux looking annoyed. They stood in silence, looking at each other for a few moments and then Kylo started crying. He wiped his eyes with the hand not being held by Hux in attempt to hide his emotions. Hux noticed right away and not knowing what else to do, he pulled Kylo in for a hug. Kylo wrapped his arms around Hux right away and rested his face on Hux's shoulder and let out his held in emotions. Hux held onto Kylo as tight as he could, whispering that everything would be okay. Notes: Thanks for reading!♥