They're caught in a moment, some kind of connection slowly starting to build between the two of them through the Force as they test each other, rudely broken by the appearance of a third figure emerging from the small dwelling. “Luke, ‘re you,” he starts to say, then clocks Rey and stares at her, then at himself; a chronic case of bed hair and a robe pulled roughly round his torso against the cold, which doesn’t hide the fact that he’s probably not… best not go any further with what he may or may not be wearing. “Aww Sithspawn Luke, you could have warned me before I got out the door like this.” Rey pulls the lightsaber back to herself, cradling it almost like a doll and ducks her head down, not looking at the newcomer. Luke blushes and does look over, and from the corner of her eye she sees fondness in his expression. “Sorry, I was just on my way back, I wasn’t expecting,” he lies, looking back at Rey, “I’m sorry, I didn’t even get your name.” “Rey.” She blurts out, and she and Luke go back to whatever bizarre staring that they were doing before. It lasts only a couple more minutes before the other man is grabbing Luke by the sleeve, “I’m guessing I wasn’t dreaming the Falcon flying over then?” It’s fate that has Chewie choose that moment to take off again. “More important places to be?” He asks with a sigh, pulling the robe a little tighter around himself. “Like perhaps somewhere warm?” Rey just nods. She doesn’t know who this man is, wasn’t told that there’d be someone else here, and while she knows Luke knew Han, was a friend and a brother, but she doesn’t know if she can say what needs to be said in front of a stranger. “Luke!” The other man admonishes, then just sighs. “You might as well come in, I’m Wedge.” He holds the door open for her, and finally introduces himself. Inside, it’s slightly larger than it looks from the outside, dark where the few windows are still curtained and, musty, is perhaps the polite way of describing the smell. Rey stands awkwardly, not sure where to sit or look. “Sorry about the mess, we don’t get a lot of visitors.” Wedge apologises, fiddling with a caf maker in the corner. “That’ll be done in a few minutes and Luke should be done with the Force by then.” Rey nods, welcoming the smell of caf, which she’s developed a taste for in the last few weeks. “I’m sorry,” she calls as he leaves her for what she assumes is a bedroom, “but who are you?” She doesn’t get a response, and so she lets her curiosity get the better of her, and after putting her staff by the door, she starts poking round the little living area that she’s in. She finds herself engrossed looking at small trinkets on a shelf, tinkering with the mechanism on one that seems to have failed. She’s thorough engrossed with it when she becomes aware that someone is watching her, and she turns around quickly. “Did you say something a few minutes ago?” Wedge asks, handing her a mug of caf. Luke hasn’t come back in yet and it’s making her nervous; how much can he find out from the Force, what is already going to know when he walks back in, she worries. “I asked who you were.” “Wedge Antilles,” he actually holds out his hand this time for her to shake, which she manages, clumsily with hands full of caf and trinkets and the lightsabre still tucked in the crook of her arm. “Luke’s husband, I suppose, although I’m not sure we ever signed anything official.” She doesn’t really know what to say to that, and he looks almost sheepish at the admission (is he not supposed to be here, she wonders, files it away to ask later). She’s still getting used to being around humans, not a myriad of alien customs, so she sticks to drinking her caf and watching him. He’d got dressed, sensible trousers with too many pockets, a bit like the ones Poe favoured, a rumpled shirt and thick socks, but no shoes, and she watches as he wanders around, picking up the detritus of an isolated life and opening the curtains, bringing light and making the whole place seem more appealing. “Han would’ve stopped, so who’s flying the Falcon?” he asks after a while of silence. “Chewbacca and me,” she says, suspecting that her face says more than her words. “Is he going to stay out there?” she asks, because she came to see Luke, not his unexpected, scruffy husband who no one warned her about, and she’s stuck here now until the Falcon comes back. He doesn’t say anything more about the Falcon, but there is a twitch of something in his face, she recognises it almost as loss, but then he’s carrying on the conversation with a shrug, “Force knows, I’m guessing you’re who’s had him so worked up the last few days?” “I,” she doesn’t know how to answer that, “Maybe? I don’t know.” Wedge nods his head, and she gets the feeling that maybe he puts up with a lot of weird stuff from Luke. Neither of them is prepared for Luke to then slam through the door, making a beeline for Rey, who only just has enough warning to get her mug out of the way before she’s enveloped in a crushing hug. It’s uncannily like when Leia embraced her as she was standing, cast adrift after the Starkiller, and she can’t help but flounder, still not used to so much physical contact. Caf mug still in her hand, she returns the embrace as best as she can, “I’m sorry,” she says, because she is, she can feel the hurt bleeding off him, but much like his sister, he quietly assures her that it’s not her fault. “Ah, Luke?” Wedge says. They pull apart and Luke takes a horrifyingly long, hard look at her, like maybe he’s finally seeing her, then nods and lets her go completely. “We have a lot to talk about.” he says, wandering off to the kitchen area. “Perhaps we should all get comfortable.” Comfortable means Wedge gently taking Rey’s bag from her and sitting her down on their scruffy looking couch with more caf, while Luke puts together what she’s guessing is breakfast. They bustle around each other and she watches; it’s sort of the same way that the pilots and crew all seemed to know each other's spaces at D’Qar, familiarity from living in each other's pockets for so long, but there’s an extra layer here. Luke sheds several layers of Jedi robes until he’s just in trousers and a shirt, rolls his sleeves up and pulls out food from storage, handing things over without being asked, moving out of the way half a second before Wedge moves into that space. It’s odd, disorientating, but there’s something soothing about the place, and somewhere along the line she finds herself falling into a light doze. “Start from the beginning,” Luke tells her, as she sits up and takes the plate of food that he’s offering before he sits down opposite her. Wedge ambles over with his own plate and sits next to Luke, elbowing him until he stops taking up all of the couch, “Let her eat first.” he admonishes. “No, no,” Rey assures him, wanting to give something in return for the food and the caf and the shelter. “I’ve got a holo from General Organa,” she says, “but you have to train me.” The desperation in her voice is a little embarrassing, Luke looks away and Wedge tilts his head to one side, watching her. “Maybe the beginning is the best place to start.” He agrees after a couple of minutes of contemplation and chewing. Rey hasn’t really touched her food, just pushing it around the plate. She starts and stops before she’s even managed to actually get a word out several times, until Luke interrupts. “Who was flying the Falcon?” “Chewbacca.” She answers without actually thinking about it. He nods. “Where’s Han?” She stalls again, takes a deep breath. “Kylo Ren killed him on the Starkiller base before we managed to destroy it.” Wedge looks like someone has punched him in the gut, face falling and fork clattering to his plate. Luke takes his hand with his mechanical hand, gripping it almost too tight, and looks almost as shocked as Wedge. “Where’s Leia?” Wedge asks quietly. “D’Qar, with the resistance.” She replies. Luke’s face cracks ever so slightly, and Wedge winces the way his hand is being held. None of them say anything for a while though, and Rey fidgets, feeling a little guilty about eating some of her (admittedly burnt) breakfast. “You’re here, so you found the map.” Luke says after a while. “How?” It finally all comes out in a jumble really; she doesn’t know the full story, doesn’t know exactly what happened to Poe, or what happened while she was on the Starkiller, but she tries to fill them in from what she’s been told, and tells them about Jakku, about Takodana, about Finn, about their lightsaber duel on a disintegrating planet. Wedge’s face shows his horror, Luke is more closed off, but she can feel his upset, his worry. “So you have to come back,” she finishes, “you have to train me because we can’t do this without you.” “Does the First Order know where you are?” Wedge asks, looking at her like she might have destroyed his life. “No, I don’t think so. Ren couldn’t get it from me and they never got BB-8.” She tries to sound convinced, but she’s really not, she’s just hoping. Wedge looks at her, then at Luke, and disentangles his hand. “I need a walk.” He gets up, jams his feet in his boots, grabs a jumper from the back of a chair and almost slams out the door. “Sorry.” She says. Luke just shakes his head. “I don’t know that I can teach you, but I suspect it falls to me as the last.” He sounds bone weary, and he’s slower as he stands up. “There’s a second room here, you can stay for a while, but I’m not sure I can ever go back. Not after what happened.” She wants to push, but she has the manners not to. She just opens her pack and pulls out the holo from Leia for him, and hands it and the lightsabre over without a word. He leaves her after that, and she’s alone in their house, which is odd. She can hear the holo playing though, and she can just hear enough that she knows she doesn’t want to hear it, so she leaves her bag where it is and goes outside, sits on a rock and watches the birds, drinks in the green, the cold biting wind and the ocean, and wonders how this became her life. Dinner is a slightly less forced affair. Luke had found her after an hour or so, shown her where to store her things, where the ‘fresher was and given her a quick tour of that part of the island. He didn’t say anything about the Force or training, but there were tear stains down his face and he held himself rigidly, as though any other way would let him fall apart, so she didn’t push. Wedge re-appeared late in the afternoon, windswept and cold, knuckles bloody as though he’d been punching something, but he patched them up himself and set about getting the fire going and making some kind of dinner. There’s fish and vegetables, and it’s only a little burnt, for which Wedge apologises, and Luke laughs as though it’s some kind of in joke between the two of them. It’s stilted though and grates at her ears. “What do you want me to do?” she asks when they’ve finished eating. She has too much energy, wants to feel useful and they’re not giving her a lot of opportunity. “Dishes?” Wedge says hopefully, piling the plates up. “Sink, cleaner is the green bottle, rinse them and stack them.” She nods and gets on with it, still slightly weirded out by running water over her hands, and the sweet damp scents that come with so much moisture rather than the dry ones that she’s been used to all her life. “Why did no one tell me you were here?” She asks Wedge as he’s drying the plates up. Luke answers, “Chances are they didn’t know. He found me a few years ago and won’t leave.” All three of them laugh, and Wedge flicks at Luke with the towel. “You need someone to stop you crawling too far into your own head.” “It’s true.” Luke admits. They return to silence for a while, Wedge finishes drying up and goes off to read something, Luke vanishes for a while, and Rey stands just outside the door, marvelling at the different stars. “He does that a lot.” Wedge tells her, not sneaking up on her, but managing to just about catch her unawares. “I guess it’s a desert thing, one of my pilots used to do it as well, every new planet we visited.” “Have I wasted my trip?” she asks, still staring up at the sky. “No,” Wedge assures her, “he’ll teach you. He can’t not, I think. But Han was a brother to him, and a good friend of mine. We both need some time.” He claps her on the shoulder. “Give him a few days and he’ll have you running up and down those stairs three times a day and balancing him on your shoulders.” She gapes at him and he laughs, the sound finally bringing some warmth to this place. “I should turn in.” She says with a smile, and Wedge stands aside to let her pass. “Night.” Chapter 2 Summary: Luke finally agrees to train her, and Rey starts to see what she's interrupted here. Notes: Apologies for the massive delay between chapters. Life has an inconvenient habit of happening, and then I got brain wormed by the bakery AU that no one wants or needs, which I might be turning into some kind of 10,000 word epic. It takes a week before Luke will even talk to her about the Force. In that time, they talk about Han, they talk about the last few weeks, about Jakku and what she remembers of the First Order. Wedge tells her about the squadron he used to command, the buildings he designed for Luke’s original training school and fills in small parts of their relationship, which, from what she can tell, has spanned thirty years, Wedge’s divorce and an awful lot of years not knowing what the other was doing. It turns out that Luke rises before dawn every morning to go and walk the island, and that Wedge will be up an hour or so later, turning on the caf and making breakfast. Most mornings she joins him, stops him burning bread or scrambling eggs beyond recognition. She can’t work out if his inability to cook is genuine or affected to make Luke do most of the work, and she doesn’t want to ask this early in their acquaintance. “How did you find him?” She asks one morning while they’re sipping caf in peaceful quiet, and Luke is somewhere outside. Wedge shakes his head. “Luck I think. After I retired I picked a direction and started flying. I ended up here.” He sips his caf, “He told me to leave, to forget he was here, and I did for a while, but once I knew where he was, I couldn’t just abandon him. So I came back.” “Luck?” She sounds incredulous. “Not the Force?” “Force sensitive as a brick.” Wedge boasts with a grin. “I can’t explain it, but it happened, and I’m glad of it.” “Do you ever think about going back?” He shakes his head. “No, I retired when I did because they weren’t going to let me fly for much longer,” he holds out his right hand and she sees the tremors as he tries to hold it still, “old injury left me with nerve damage, and I couldn’t face a desk job, not in the military anyway.” She smiles and nods and drinks her caf, picking at her toast, “I meant more, you have family? Don’t you miss them?” “Ahh,” he understands, “I suppose. We have a mostly working holonet connection, so I keep in touch with people, but I don’t have much in the way of family.” He drains his mug and gets up to refill it. “My parents died when I was young, my sister vanished off with the remnants of the Empire when they fled with their tails between their legs, and I don’t really talk to Iella anymore, which was most of the problem in the first place.” He smiles ruefully. “I miss my friends, but I have Luke, and as ridiculous as that sounds, that’s what matters.” Sitting back down, he leans over the table to pick up a datapad. “One day, I always figured we’d head back, but, maybe not. And I don’t know if I mind.” She chews her toast and he reads his datapad for a while, making notes and drinking caf. “What about you?” he asks eventually, and she’s confused. “I don’t know.” She looks down at her mug. “I spent so long on Jakku waiting for my family to come back for me, part of me still thinks that maybe I’ve missed them, being away so long, but I suppose they really are gone.” She gets an odd flicker of confusion or skepticism from him then, but nothing she can really hold onto so she lets it go. “I have to go back though, I promised Finn, and Poe, once I’d learned to use the Force, I’d be back.” Wedge smiles, “What’re they like?” Rey waves her hands around. “Finn’s, scared. He’s brilliant and brave, but he’s scared as well. He doesn’t know anything,” she laughs a little at that, at the thought of how clueless he had been, but how quickly he’d caught on to things, “but he’s really smart, and I think he can use the Force as well, but he got cut up really badly by Ren so they wouldn’t let him come with me. He’s going to be amazing, I know, because he cares.” She finishes the caf in her mug, wrapping her hands around the still warm ceramic. “Poe’s an X-wing pilot, the best in the Resistance,” Wedge laughs at that, but she carries on, “and he’s kind and quick, he’ll be there for Finn while I’m gone. I don’t know him that well really, Finn spent more time with him, rescued him from the First Order.” She leans back on the couch wondering what else she can say about people who she doesn’t really know. “I think I knew his parents,” Wedge tells her, “Shara was death in the air, an A-wing pilot, so she had her failings, but if she’d been willing to fly an X-wing I would have had her in my squadron without a second thought if she hadn’t decided to retire.” The door opens then, interrupting anything else that Wedge looked like he might have been about to say, and letting in a blast of cold air along with Luke, who shrugs out of his outer robes and makes a beeline for the caf pot. “You can join me tomorrow morning, if you’re serious about this.” He says vaguely in Rey’s direction as he pours a mug for himself. She looks at him, then over at Wedge and breaks out in a massive grin. “Thank you!” she says, laughter bubbling out as she finally gets what she’s been waiting for. Getting up before the dawn isn’t really a problem for her. Sleeping lightly and getting up early has been a part of her life for so long that it’s easy to get back into the habit after the month or so that she’s spent at relative ease. It’s raining, which isn’t unusual, a fine mist filling the air and coating everything as they leave the house, she can feel the sluggish warmth of Wedge, still asleep in his and Luke’s bed, and she sort of envies him as she steps out into the damp. Luke probably takes pity on her that morning. They head down those steps and across the island, climbing to maybe half the height of the house and there they stop, atop a cliff looking out over the sea. “What do you want from this?” Luke asks after long drawn out moments of silence. She’d been watching a seabird rising and falling on the sea’s surface as the waves pushed it around, and she wasn’t ready for the question. “To learn to use, this.” She flounders. “Ren said I needed a teacher, and he was right.” “Then why not let him teach you?” He asks. “Because he’s evil.” She replies without thinking. “He killed Han. He tortured me. He’s killed thousands for the First Order.” “What makes you think I’m any different?” She looks at him when he says that, shock writ clear on her face. “You’re, you. You’re a hero of the New Republic, the one who restored the Jedi Order. You killed Vader and the Emperor and helped restore democracy to the galaxy.” She pauses. “He’s, he’s a monster.” “I killed hundreds of thousands when I destroyed the first Death Star, more during the rest of the war. I couldn’t save my father.” He holds up his hand when it looks like she’s about to try and convince him that those aren’t bad things. “I couldn’t protect my own nephew and I led to the death of an entire generation of Jedi children. I’m as much of a monster as he is.” “You made a mistake. That doesn’t make you a monster.” She tries to convince him. “Maybe not, but I can’t look into my sister’s eyes. I can’t apologise to Han for my failure. I can’t face the parents of those children that Ren slaughtered. I’m responsible for what he become, what’s to say it won’t happen again if I teach you?” He asks. “I’m…” she starts. “Better than that?” He interrupts her. “Anakin thought that, before he turned to the Dark Side. Arrogance like that is the first step down that path. So again, what guarantee is there that it won’t happen again?” She stops and thinks this time, looks at his face and sees how he’s aged so much in this conversation, how it seems to have drained him. “There isn’t one. But that doesn’t mean that you shouldn’t try.” She reaches out, rests her hand carefully on his arm. “If you don’t try, if you don’t give the Resistance some kind of chance against Ren, then you really will have failed. You really will be a monster.” They’re not the kind words she meant to say, but she’s fed up of this back and forth. She needs a teacher, the Resistance needs the Jedi, they have to do something before everything founders. He nods. “Alright.” He sounds so tired. Through the drizzle, the sun is starting to rise properly, the sky really starting to lighten on the horizon. It feels almost like the inverse of that moment on Starkiller as the light finally died. That was a death of hope, of chances, but now she feels like there could be hope again, that there are second chances opening out ahead, not just for her, but for the galaxy. “Sit down.” He tells her. “Get comfortable.” She does, grimacing at the dampness of the ground. “Close your eyes and focus on my voice,” he starts, and from then on she loses herself in the easy cadence of his voice. He takes her through a series of breathing exercises and she forgets that she’s sat on the damp ground of a world that never seems to stop raining. It’s strangely easy to find that calm centre in her head, to block everything out and feel the ebb and flow of life around the island. When she finally wakes from meditation, at least an hour has passed and she’s soaked through. Luke is sat next to her, watching and when he realises that she’s awake again, he nods, a small pleased smile on his face. “Back to the house.” He says, standing up and offering out his hand to her. “And dry clothes. No sense in you getting ill.” She feels ridiculously light on her feet on the way back to the house, like she could outrun a blaster bolt if she was given the chance, and everything seems brighter, sharper. “The Force,” Luke reminds her. “You open yourself to it and it changes the way that you see things.” He smiles. “Don’t get too cocky.” She laughs and races him two flights of the stairs, not even bitter when he wins. Wedge is up and there’s caf in the pot when they get inside, but Luke shoos her off to change before she gets any. She’s glad of the dry clothes when she peels her damp layers off, shivering in the cold of her room. As she’s towelling off her hair and retying it (she needs to cut it again, she thinks idly, wondering if Luke has scissors somewhere) she thinks she can smell something burning. That’s not anything new. Wedge seems to burn everything he tries to cook, but this is a bit more burny than he usually manages. She hurries out into the main living space to find that yes, there is smoke heavy in the air, and that Luke and Wedge don’t seem to have noticed on account of the way that they’re pressed against each other, kissing. She’d known, well, assumed, they were lovers, obviously, but she’s never actually seen them do more than a quick peck on the cheek or a touch of a hand that lasts just a fraction longer than it would normally. But now, Luke’s pressed up against the counter, one of Wedge’s hands on his hip, the other, she thinks, in his hair, and Luke’s hands are slung loose round Wedge’s waist, they seem completely oblivious to anything going on around them and Rey feels genuinely embarrassed to be seeing something that intimate. She’d quite like her current home to not burn down though, so she coughs, thinking that’s probably what Poe would do in this situation (that or make obscene noises like she’d seen him do one evening on D’Qar). They don’t spring apart like Jess and Horn had, but Luke looks fairly mortified when Wedge does pull away, and Wedge goes bright red and starts swearing and trying to stop the smoke that’s pouring from the pan. She can’t help but laugh, and the flush on Luke’s cheeks drops the years that he’d seemed to age away and he looks happy for the first time since she’s been here. She feels a pang of guilt at that, she’s bought this stress to them. He turns away from her and folds himself round Wedge’s back and she feels the way the Force flows around him, damping down the smoke in the pan. They stop like that and Rey wonders if she should retreat back to her room, or perhaps out, give them some space, but Wedge steps away, holding the pan and looking put out at it. “No eggs, sorry,” he says, quirking a smile at her. She just shrugs, “No problem.” She fidgets in the doorway. “Can I get some caf, and I’ll give you two some privacy.” She sort of edges towards the caf pot and finds a mug, while they seem to have some kind of silent conversation, still pressed close, Wedge still blushing (he’ll say later it was the embarrassment of burning yet more breakfast, but they’ll both know he’s lying) and not actually giving her an answer. In the end, she doesn’t give them a choice, she just takes the caf and flees to her room. She has a stack of holo-dramas and novels to work through, a gift from Poe and Leia, and she jams earphones in and lets them get on with whatever it is that they want to do. It mostly works, apart from the occasional flash she gets through the Force which make her blush horribly and leaves a tight feeling in her chest that makes her think of Finn. Eventually there’s a knock on her door, Wedge poking his head around it when she says that he can come in. He looks a little rumpled, and wearing a different jumper to the one he’d had on earlier, “Sorry about that.” He says. “It’s fine.” She pulls out the disk that she’d been watching and stands up, stretching. “I’ve thrown everything here out of balance, I should be apologising.” “Aye, well,” he scrubs a hand through his hair. “I shouldn’t be so mortified, I’ve been walked in on plenty of times, and walked in on plenty,” he laughs. “Luke’s making lunch, so nothing burnt, and then he said something about training after.” Her face falls a little, she can hear the rain outside, heavier now than it was earlier. “You asked for this,” Wedge reminds her. “I know,” she says quickly. “It’s not the training, it’s barely been a day, it’s the weather.” “You get used to it.” He holds the door open for her, and they go back to the main living area that smells very slightly still of smoke and burnt eggs. It also smells of roasting vegetables, and bread, something sizzling in a pan. “I want to see how good you are with that staff,” Luke says without turning from the pan. Wedge pats her on the shoulder. “I’ll make sure there’s hot water for when you’re done.” He promises, which doesn’t make her feel a sense of foreboding at all. “You’re good.” Luke tells her after he’s handed her back her staff and they’ve beaten each other black and blue for a couple of hours. He’d won enough of their rounds, but she’s given a good showing, and he’s going to have an interesting collection of bruises. She hurts though, but she takes the staff and just shrugs. “I had to survive on Jakku.” She tells him, matter of fact, and doesn’t miss the slight wince that crosses his face. “Have you ever used anything other than a staff?” “Only the lightsaber, when I had to fight Ren.” She admits, leaning over to stretch out her back. “You’re going to need practice then, tomorrow we’ll start with practice blades.” He tells her, and heads back towards the house. She sighs and reminds herself that she asked for this before following him back in. True to his word, Wedge had made sure that there was plenty of hot water, and she sank gladly into it, the heat chasing the chill and aches from her bones. She closes her eyes and lets her mind wander, thinking about Finn and Poe, about the people she knew back on Jakku (she wonders what happened to her speeder, her plants, whether a sandstorm has finally covered the entrance to her old home). She doesn’t miss Jakku itself, but she wonders what might have been if all of this hadn’t happened. A bang from the main living area brings her back to the present, back to Luke and his impressive show of skill this afternoon, to Wedge who seems so ridiculously relaxed about everything that is happening, to the fact that she’s not sure what she’s actually agreed to do now, what the future holds for her. There’s no shouting, so she lets her mind wander again, trying to hear what is happening in the main room, but only getting small fragments, things that make her wonder. “... talk to her?” Wedge is asking Luke something, sounding serious, and she can almost picture the way Luke turns away (he’s done a lot of that in the last week, turning from her questions). “What can I say to her… consolation…?” She suspects they’re talking about Leia, Wedge maybe asking why Luke won’t talk to his sister. Luke says more, but all she can here is his low rumble. “She looks like…” “... exactly celibate.” “No, that was only you.” Wedge laughs. She’s not sure who they’re talking about, although the tone has shifted slightly from the tension of mentioning Leia. She’s starting to wrinkle and the water is starting to go cold, so begrudgingly she gets out and dries herself off and dresses. She’s got some nasty bruises, and if Luke keeps his promise and starts her with a training saber tomorrow, she suspects she’s going to have more; he’d been using one against her staff and he was wickedly fast with it. When she steps out, Wedge is stirring something on the hob, which by some miracle isn’t burning or smoking, and actually smells pretty good. Luke is cross legged on the couch, tinkering with his hand, which is disconcerting. She fairly pointedly turns away from Luke and his hand, and pokes around the kitchen. “That’s Luke’s cooking?” she asks with a slightly cheeky smile, and Wedge pulls a mock offended face. “I can cook.” He insists. “Stew.” Luke adds. “You can cook stew. And that’s only because Mirax refused to let you starve to death.” Wedge laughs at that, “It’s true.” At a loss for what to do, Rey picks up the mechanical ornament that she’d been fiddling with on that first day she arrived here, and takes it to where Luke is sitting. “Can I?” she asks, reaching for a screwdriver, still trying not to look at what he’s doing. “Hmm, it’s Wedge’s.” Luke answers, apparently talking about the ornament rather than the tools. He’s got one of his fingers hyperextended, and she wonders if she hit him too hard earlier. She just shrugs, asking, “Do you mind?” as she’s already started to pry a couple of the small parts away to get to the broken spring, already most of the way to twisting it back into place. Wedge walks over with bowls of stew just as she gets it to catch, and there’s a quick flash of light and a tinny shout of “YUB YUB COMMANDER!” from the device. She drops it, surprised and the noise, Wedge swears and just manages to keep hold of the bowls while Luke looks up suddenly and somehow stops it shattering on the floor with the Force. Floating in midair, it projects a small holo of three men and a woman, all in dark flight suits. The tallest man is holding a stuffed Ewok toy and waving one of the arms and whoever is recording it “Happy retirement from the Hawk-Bats!”. The recording finishes and starts up again with the same shout. “Sithspit Luke, make it stop.” Wedge complains, putting the bowls down on the table in between the tools that are scattered around. “And stop fiddling with things.” Bowls down, he takes the device and hits a switch on the bottom, then very carefully takes a pair of cutters and removes the spring. “Sorry.” Rey mutters, pulling her stew over to her. She’s trying not to laugh, as is Luke, and even Wedge has a slightly odd smile on his face. “Who were they?” “Some reprobates I used to fly with.” Wedge replies, “Wes Janson, Kell and Tyria Sarkin, and Garik Loran.” He waits to see if the names are familiar, but she’s just watching him, attention full on him, “And Lieutenant Kettch.” he adds for good measure. “Kettch?” She asks. “The Ewok.” Wedge confirms. She looks at him as though he’s gone absolutely mad, and after a minute or so, his serious face breaks and he cracks up. “We were running an undercover op, and someone, probably Janson thought it would be a good idea.” Luke is trying hard not to laugh off to one side, and though she is eating, she’s going slowly, because she wants the story out of Wedge more than she’s really interested in the food (although it is good). Eventually, she manages to get the story of the Hawk-Bats and the brave Lieutenant Kettch out of him, and dinner takes considerably longer to eat than it usually does. By the time the bowls are cleared, Wedge is sat with his arm round Luke’s shoulders, and all three of them are breathless with laughter. “Are all pilots like that?” she asks, suddenly worried about what she’s going to go back to. “Yes.” The both answer at once, and start laughing again. “Don’t worry,” Wedge assures her. “You get used to it.” Chapter 3 Summary: Training is painful, and living with a married couple continues to be hellishly embarrassing. Wedge is rapidly running out of patience. Notes: Sorry, life happened. Apparently I'm buying a house (this was not in the plan for this year). This chapter is shorter than I planned because I'm having some plot issues (namely I have no idea what I'm doing) and time issues (I have none; 9-5 job, I run a LARP system and the aforementioned house purchasing). It's getting there. I think two more chapters. Possibly three. Next chapter might raise the rating, or I might just go and write more of "Nothing Real in this Life". “If you have a holonet connection, why hasn’t he been in touch with Leia?” Rey asks one morning when she’s decided that she’s not going to go and sit on a freezing cold rock with Luke, and is instead huddled in the warmth drinking caf with Wedge. She feels rotten and achey, and Luke didn’t argue when she told him no, which pleased her immensely. Wedge pulls a face, the kind that she’s learnt means he doesn’t really want to answer the question. Luke calls it his dealing with superior officers face, which usually gets him a glare, but Rey can kind of see what he means. “Luke’s not good at dealing with emotional people.” He eventually admits, “and I don’t think he’s ever worked out that Leia doesn’t blame him for what happened to Ben, at least no more than she blames herself.” He drinks his caf and thinks for a while. “He’ll talk to her eventually. But it’s best not to push him.” “Does she know you’re with him?” She asks, because it’s been bugging her for a while. “No,” Wedge shakes his head, “most people think I’ve settled in one of the Corellian exile colonies. I keep in touch with her occasionally.” Draining his mug, he goes and refills it, taking hers at the same time. “It wouldn’t surprise me if she did know, but she’s never said anything, never asked.” “Did Han know?” “No. We weren’t close.” It’s too terse an answer to be the truth, and she remembers the look of sorrow on his face when she broke the news when she first arrived. They lapse back into silence, and Wedge picks up a datapad that’s on the table, and starts working on it. She’s not sure entirely what it is that he does, but she thinks that she’s probably run out of questions she should ask for the day, and curls round her mug, staring out the window. “Bring your guard up.” Luke tells her, moving back into a starting position and she sighs, raising the weapon crossways across her chest. She still aches, but it’s getting better. And at least the sun is out today, rather than more rain. He swings at her in the first of a series of strikes that she’s memorised, and she blocks, parries and swings against him as expected. She pushes out with the Force and tugs at his back foot, sending him off balance and is pleased when she lands a solid strike against his right arm. It’s short lived though, as he pushes forwards without much of a pause, and shoves against her with the Force with strength that she is only just managing to counter. They go at it like that for another repeat of the forms until he cracks her across the bottom of her ribs and she yelps in pain. “Luke, enough.” Wedge calls from where he’s been watching them, perched on a ledge. “She’s not going to learn if you break her.” “I’m fine.” She tries to insist, but straightening up makes a liar of her as she has to stop the movement quickly. It’s Wedge who goes to her first, Luke carefully putting down the training sword and picking up the flask of water. They limp back to the cottage half an hour or so later, Rey leaning on Wedge, Luke trailing behind as though he’d done something galaxy shatteringly awful. She’s tried to convince him that it’s just some bruising, that she’ll be fine, but apparently he doesn’t deal well with actually hurting his students. She can’t help but wonder, possibly a little bitterly, if this was one of his failings all those years before. She slumps on their couch and Luke finds a medkit, Wedge already off running a steaming hot bath and making some kind of tea. Luke’s hands on her are cold when he pushes her top up to reveal a massive stretch of red and blue across the bottom of her ribs. “That looks…” she starts to say, although she’s not really sure what to say about it. She’s had worse, but she didn’t think that this time round it was that bad. “Doesn’t feel broken, at least.” She tries to assure Luke. He presses on her skin, gets her to inhale and exhale, twist one way and then the other while he keeps a hand in contact with her side, and eventually nods. “I don’t think anything is.” He agrees. “I’m sorry.” She just shrugs. “It happens. I can’t learn if I don’t screw up occasionally.” She pulls her top back down and carefully stands up, “That bath sounds like a good idea though.” “No more training for a couple of days.” Luke tells her as they walk towards the bathroom. “We’ll work on your focus and connection to the Force.” She doesn’t speak the lack of enthusiasm she feels; sitting still and staring at the waves isn’t her idea of a good time, but that’s why she needs to do it. She understands, she just doesn’t like it. She wants to be doing, to be learning to move things, to be learning to build her own lightsaber, to be getting ready to go back to help the resistance. She thanks Wedge and shuts the bathroom door as he leaves, carefully stripping out of her damp clothes and dumping them in a pile. She should be ready, she should be doing something more than training on an island at the back end of the galaxy. Patience, Luke’s voice nudges at her mind as she sinks into the water. They’re both still odd sensations; Luke in her head and being surrounded by water, but she’s getting used to them. She heals. It’s slow and tedious, as it always is, but the bruises fade and she spends less time catching herself as she moves. In the meantime, Luke puts her through her paces mentally, and she finishes each day just as exhausted as with the physical training. The mornings get earlier; the two of them leaving before the sun is cresting the horizon, and Luke takes her up to that top cliff again each day and she learns to move stones, to halt waves mid crash and to pluck the thoughts from his mind. It’s exhausting, she finds the mental work taking more from her than any physical exertion might. She’s doing well though, Luke assures her, and she takes warm pride in that, letting it carry her through as she fights to master so much in so short a space of time. Getting the thoughts from Luke’s mind is hard. Once she’d learned to do it without him trying to stop her, he upped the ante and started to shield himself from her and really make her work for it. It’s hard, but when she finally manages she’s not expecting to find “why is he ignoring me?” at the front of his mind, rather than the agreed sequence of numbers. She pulls back from him, and looks him in the eye. “Luke?” He focuses his eyes and looks at her, “Nothing,” he insists, enough that someone else might be convinced. “Is it because of me?” “What? No.” he sounds appalled at the idea, but she can’t shake the feeling that it is, that it’s because she’s here training. “Neither of us are used to there being other people here. We’re not used to doing anything but being around each other.” he explains. She nods, “So it is, in a way.” “But not because he doesn’t want you here.” Luke adds quickly, “it’s just an adjustment for him. She nods, “Perhaps you should spend less time with me?” she suggests. “It’s not as though you’ve been with him a lot recently. “She tries to be delicate, but they both know that she’s talking about the fact that Luke has been in the small cottage even less than she has; when they finish in the afternoon, he’ll often stay out, meditating by himself. He nods. “Do you mind the break in your training?” She laughs and stands up, stretching to one side, then to the other, subtly trying to prove to him that she’s healed. “A couple of days sleeping in sounds nice.” Odd, she thinks to herself, but welcome. A couple of days pass, and there’s no let-up in her training though. They still get up too early, and Luke still seems to spend less and less time in his home. They’re back and waiting for dinner to finish cooking; she’s just washing up while Luke fiddles with a part of his hand in the main room. “It’s not that I don’t appreciate it, but aren’t you just avoiding the subject?” Wedge’s voice is a little strained, like he’s lifting something heavy, and Rey is about to go and help when she feels a burst of irritation and frustration from Luke, and stays her hand on the door. “What are exactly are you expecting me to do?” Luke asks fairly plaintively. “Talk to her.” There’s a bang after Wedge speaks, followed by swearing, and she rushes in at that point, more worried that curious. This isn’t the first time that she’s heard Wedge admonishing Luke to talk to someone; she assumes Leia, since it’s always a ‘her’ that he’s referring to, but Luke always seems to shy away from the subject. “Are you alright?” she asks, taking in the scene in front of her. The sofa, beaten up as it is, is floating half a foot above the ground, Wedge on his hands and knees, one arm stretched underneath it. “Yeah, just dropped a washer.” He clutches at something and stands up, Luke dropping the sofa back down. She wants to ask why Luke didn’t just use the Force to pull the washer out, but she’s found the Wedge likes doing things the old fashioned way, and there’s some awkward manoeuvring going on as they get the sofa back to where it should be. She wonders if she should say something, but that fleeting moment passes and Luke is back on the sofa, taking the washer from Wedge and slipping it back into the mechanism of his hand. She’s taking measures into her own hands though, she’s decided. “I was going to take some bread and stuff and spend the night in that little cave.” she says, already pulling some preserved food and a water bottle from their stores. Wedge frowns, “Are you sure?” Rey hums, carrying on what she’s doing. “I miss the sky over me, and Luke thinks I should have a break in my training before we move on.” She looks pointedly over her shoulder at Luke briefly. “Plus you haven’t had any privacy in so long.” She’s glad her back is turned, because knows that both of them are looking like teenagers who have been caught necking by their parents. “I’ll be fine, it’ll do us all some good, and when I get back, we can go back to physical training.” she turns round with a grin on her face, bag packed. With her staff and her bag, she carefully makes her way across and down the island to a small cave Luke had showed her during one of their early morning hikes. It’s not much; barely enough for two people to take shelter in, but it’s enough to keep her away from Wedge and Luke for a day or so, and enough for her to meditate. Notes: So there we go... I'm anonymousblueberry.tumblr.com so come and say hi and drown in the X-wing pilot feels (warning... there are also many Kylo/Hux feels, because I am that sort of trash)