Take a Break Poe had never felt like this. All he could hear was the pounding in his head demanding his attention. His memories of the previous night were hazy, but he supposed that was the whole point. He just kept drinking until he felt numb and stumbled back to the motel he was staying at. He would awaken every morning to the same realization. The sight of the frayed edges of the wallpaper and faded burgundy curtains that kept the rising sunlight out of his eyes filled him with grief. It was all a grim reminder of everything that was wrong with his life. His stomach turned each and every time he was reminded that this was all real and it was all his fault. On top of the bedside table were the pills he’d inevitably take to ease the pain. Part of his brain was telling him to take some, to remedy the fire in his throat and the unbearable headache. The other part of his brain told him that he deserved to feel this way. He slowly sat up, not wanting to upset his body any further. He reached to scratch the itch he had every time he lied down in the unkempt sheets and blankets. He turned his head a bit too fast, making himself dizzy. He caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror that hung on the wall. Out of all the disgusting things in this room, he was by far the worst. Poe sat there, remembering everything that happened up to this point, regretting every decision he made along the way. He ran a hand through his tangled curls and groaned in frustration at his very existence. He was the cause of the entire scandal, the tears, the broken promises. It all happened because he was weak. He didn’t deserve his money, his fans, and especially not Finn. Finn was the one thing in his hectic life that consistently made him feel happy. Day and night he would write and rewrite drafts of novels for his editor. Talking to fans was always such a fun and humbling experience, but he knew that his fans only liked him because he was the author of several famous romance novels. He would be called in for interviews and his popularity was skyrocketing since one of his books was adapted into a movie. It could be pretty annoying at times, but at the end of the day, Finn was always there to settle his nerves and love him. There were times when Poe wouldn’t be able to see Finn at all, but his fiancee would always greet him with a patient smile that made him melt. No, he didn’t deserve him at all. But if there was anything he did deserve, it was the way his phone blew up with notifications the night he told the whole world what he did. *** “Take a break,” Finn advised him. His mouth was curved into a shy smile, not wanting to pressure Poe into his plan. He and Rey were going to visit their foster father Luke for a couple of weeks to celebrate his 50th birthday. Meanwhile, Poe was hard at work on his newest novel about a pilot and his younger lover in the military. He tried to give the main characters personalities similar to his and Finn’s, which would have been fun, if not for his editor Leia. Every page was full of red marks in the margins and in between the lines, telling him to add and remove certain aspects. It was frustrating beyond belief and he only had a month to fix all this “mistakes” (which included removing some of his best writing, in his professional opinion). He sighed in exasperation at Finn’s words. He would love to abandon this novel to go on vacation with his beloved fiancee. Poe looked up at his hopeful expression and offered a tired smile in return. Finn’s face was one he could never bear to disappoint. “Run away with us for the summer,” he continued, seeming more excited. “Let’s go upstate. We can all go stay with my father.” He took Poe’s hand and rested his chin on his shoulder. His other arm wrapped across his chest. Poe felt like he was being held emotionally hostage, with the way he tattooed kisses along his neck and held him from behind. But he was stressed and considered the suggestions Finn murmured to him. Walking along the lake and watching the sunset with his favorite person sounded amazing. It was exactly what he needed, but-- “I will try to get away,” is all he promises. He continues working on editing his novel for the next few days, until Rey and her wife Jessika drop into town from London so Finn can drive them to their father’s home. Poe helps him pack everything he’ll need for the trip. He groaned when Finn left the room to greet Rey at the door. If the past few days have been hell on his nerves, then he’ll be even worse once he was all alone. He closed and zipped Finn’s bag and dragged it downstairs to say hello to his in laws. Once down the stairs, he sees Rey jump into Finn’s arms both of them laughing in glee. The sight brings a bright smile to his face. Her wife walks in soon after. Poe immediately catches her eye and she runs to hug him. He and Jess were friends before either of them even met Rey and Finn. They let go, but the foster siblings are still hugging. “The Skywalker siblings, together again,” Poe practically sings. Rey detaches herself from her brother and hugs him instead. “It’s good to see you Poe.” Finn uses the excitement to complain to his sisters. “Rey, Jess, tell this man that even Kylo Ren spends the summer with his family.” Poe rolled his eyes. He swore that Finn paid more attention to his competition than he did. And “Kylo Ren” was always more of an annoyance than actual competition. He may have been popular, but his books were extremely lazy. He read them and only to learn that his books were for pretentious pseudo intellectuals like him. “Pava, please tell my fiancee that ‘Kylo Ren’ doesn’t have a real job anyway,” he retaliates lightheartedly. Rey gives him a strange look and steals a quick glance to her wife. “You’re not joining us? Wait…” “I’m afraid I can’t join you upstate,” he says softly looking between his in laws. Finn tosses a pleading look to his sister, who then continues. “Poe Dameron, we came all this way,” she scolds him. “We came all this way,” Jess repeats. “Take a break,” they all tell him. Their words get jumbled while begging him to go with them, but Poe can’t bring himself to get mad at them. He wanted badly to take a vacation with them. He supposed that he could finish his draft at the Skywalker household. Luke’s place is pretty large and the view could inspire some great scenes. He seriously considers the offer and is about to accept. He then realized that everyone there would just be having fun without him. And he’d prefer not to be tempted to go with them and potentially never finish his draft. He thinks he’s doing the responsible thing when he tells them: “I can’t stop ‘till I finish this draft.” He repeats it out loud, mostly to convince himself that he should keep working. He thinks of Leia further berating his work and he knows he doesn't want to deal with it. It's his final decision and they all have concerned looks. Finn takes Poe's hand and pecks him on the cheek. "Sorry. We don't mean to pressure you. We understand." Poe feels his own expression lighten. He steps forward and kisses him softly on the mouth. They pull apart and they're both gazing affectionately at one another. "I'll miss you," he whispers to Finn. "Okay, that's enough mushy gay stuff," Rey interrupts playfully. "We love you Poe, but if you’re not coming we should get on the road." Finn lets go of his hand and scoffs. "As if I'm not gonna catch you and Jess making out behind a dumpster again." Jess laughs obnoxiously and flips her bangs out of her face. "Believe me, that's not gonna happen ever again." "I don't know, I think dumpster makeouts are kinda sexy," Poe adds. They laugh, and he knows that he'll miss them all desperately. The one time his friends come down to visit, he can't make it. He was stuck with work and no one to keep him company. He waved at them as they drove away. Once the car was out of his sight, he hesitantly walked back into the empty house. He looked around thinking of how unlucky the timing was. He eventually decided that the best use of his time would be to do what he said he would do. He headed back to the office upstairs and sat at his desk. He cracked his knuckles before picking up where he left off, and wrote like he was running out of time. Chapter 2 : Say No to This Summary: Poe feels lonely and stressed out after Finn leaves, so he finds a way to entertain himself. Notes: I had a bit of trouble figuring out how I wanted the story to play out, but I think I've got it down now. I hope you enjoy (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Poe didn’t know how much energy in him he had left. Several days into his endeavor, he was missing his friends and longing for Finn’s strong and gentle touch. He pictured in his head how these nights would usually go. He wanted his fiancee pinned down on the bed, squirming and begging for Poe to touch him. He wanted to explore every inch of Finn’s body. But he couldn’t. His fiancee was gone and he was in his house alone. He was hardly getting any sleep. He felt like he was losing his mind. He felt frustrated with his job, and unjustifiably, Finn. He knew it wasn’t fair to be angry with him, but whenever he was as helpless as this, Finn was always there. No matter how he exhausted himself, there was someone to fall back on. But not this time. He was most angry with himself. He knew that he would need a break and he refused to take a chance. Lying back on the sofa only made him feel more antsy. He was tired, but he needed to keep working. Everything he did seemed like a waste of time. Once he decided that break time was over, there was a knock at the door. He jumped at the sound. He was shocked at the volume of it having been carried all the way upstairs in his office. His office door was closed, and the sound was so loud that he thought that this person was right outside the room. He slowly opened it, but no one was in the hall. He breathed a sigh of relief. But who the hell was it knocking so loud? The sound continued, even louder as he got closer to the door. He was worried that whoever it was trying to kick it in. “Holy shit, wait a damn minute!” he yelled in an exasperated voice. It was eleven at night. He couldn’t imagine why anyone would be knocking so hard at this hour. Luckily the pounding stopped. He looked through the peephole and saw a pale redhead standing outside. His arms were wrapped around himself as if he was cold. He looked like a harmless person. Poe unlocked and opened the door. The redhead wore a long black coat that reached his thighs. He tried not to notice how nicely it sat on the man’s slender frame. His high heeled black boots complimented his thin, hairless legs. He knew it was wrong, but Poe couldn’t stop himself from thinking about how this man’s body was so much different than what he was used to. He introduced himself as Hux and stepped through the threshold, inviting himself in. He was tempted to push the man back out. But he remembered who he was and tried to be professional by thinking of a better way to get him to leave. He was almost ready to speak when Hux continued. His smooth voice practically serenaded him. “I know you are a man of honor. I’m so sorry to bother you at home, but I don’t know where to go. And I came here all alone.” Poe didn’t realize he was biting his bottom lip gently as he watched Hux remove his coat. He revealed that he was wearing a thin black t-shirt that clung to his torso and gray shorts that showed his bare thighs. For a second, he stopped breathing and forgot that he should be pushing this man out of his house. He froze, trying to focus on his bright blue eyes instead. He thought that he was Hux smirk, but his expression turned to timid. He figured that he imagined the whole thing. His heart raced when the redhead moved in closer and took his hand. “My husband’s been doing me wrong. Beating me, cheating me, mistreating me… Suddenly he’s up and gone.” Hux lied his head on Poe’s shoulder. “I don’t have the means to go on.” A pang of guilt washed over Poe. Hux was obviously mistreated and penniless without his neglectful husband, but all he had done is ogle him. He felt especially bad that he had done so in the house he shared with his loyal fiancee. 'All he needs is some help,' Poe tells himself. He lets go of Hux’s hand. “W- wait here,” he stutters. He inwardly cringed at his own voice. 'So what if he’s kinda hot?' he thinks again. 'I shouldn’t be acting like this. I’m just a bit stressed. Maybe that’s why I feel weird.' He gathered his thoughts, as well as some emergency money he had stashed away in the locked drawer of his desk. He didn’t know the exact amount, but he knew it would be enough for Hux to take care of himself for a while. When he handed him the wad of cash, Hux pressed himself against Poe’s chest. “You’re too kind, sir.” Poe tells himself he’s imagining the seductive tone. 'Okay, this has gone too far,' he inwardly panics. He finally offers to walk him home. Hux graciously accepts, not putting his coat back on. They walk for a couple blocks, and he holds Poe’s bicep the entire time. He occasionally squeezes, but Poe doesn’t say anything. Once they arrive at the end of the block, Poe stares at the house. He wondered if this was even the same neighborhood. He was pretty sure it was, but it certainly didn’t seem like it. It was about the same size as any other house in the neighborhood, but it was styled completely different. He wasn't sure if he'd ever seen a house painted black in his life, but here it was. It looked horrible in contrast to the surrounding shades of green and orange the trees and flowers had. The yard was abundant with weeds and the grass was a bit too long. It put him off and he was going to say goodbye at the porch until Hux unlocked the door and took his hand again. Poe gasped as he was pulled into the house. He remained optimistic and hoped that Hux wasn't a murderer and was just going to offer him a cup of coffee. Given that it was nighttime, he doesn’t know how he got that idea. He’s sweating and standing a bit awkwardly as he’s led to what he assumes is the master bedroom. He barely knew this man, but here he was, lying back on the bed and spreading his legs for Poe to witness. “Stay,” he said suggestively. “Hey…” Poe subconsciously lifted his hands in the air, as if to show his husband that he didn’t touch. But Hux’s husband wasn’t here. “Hey,” he whispered back. 'Lord show me how to say no to this. I don’t know how to say no to this,' Poe begs any deity listening to his thoughts. Nevertheless, he let his eyes wander the redhead’s body. 'But my God, he looks so helpless… And his body’s saying hell yes.' Poe didn’t realize how close he was walking to this complete stranger. Hux wasted no time standing back up, and he instantly worried that his husband was there. He tried to glance back, but Hux’s mouth is on his. And he doesn’t say no. *** It only happens once more before the guilt is too much for him to take. The only positive effect it had was releasing the pent up stress he had. After it happened, he locked himself up in his office and forced himself to continue editing the hell out of his manuscript. It felt much easier to concentrate on the lives of characters he created rather than think of what a horrible person he was. He tried not to take too many breaks. Even during meals, he sat in his office, typing new scenes based on his recent experiences. He hated what he had done, but it did help while writing. He buried himself even further into his work when Finn returned from his father’s house. Finn wanted to tell Poe about every stupid thing he did with Jess, the times he and Rey would stay up late and watch bad movies, and the look on Luke’s face when they pranked him by swapping personalities for a day. Apparently they had been so convincing that Luke called his sister Leia to make sure which of his kids was which. They could hardly hold back their laughter when Leia told him that his kids were literally of different races and genders, and that he should be able to figure it out. But he wasn’t able to tell him anything. Anytime he walked into the office, he got a rushed excuse of why he couldn’t talk to him at that moment. Finn usually understood, and would leave him alone. However, he missed his fiancee when he was gone and wanted to spend time with him. “Poe, are you feeling alright? You seem kinda jumpy.” Finn thought it was a fair question to ask, but Poe’s expression told him otherwise. “Listen, babe,” he said sternly. “I’ve been hard at work for the past two weeks on this book. I’m glad you had fun with your family. And I do want to hear more about your trip. But I’m busy and I really need to finish this book.” Finn released a breath he didn’t know he was holding. He and Poe had arguments before, but none felt like this. The look in Poe’s eyes was unfeeling and told him that he really didn’t want to hear it. He turned to leave the office, and he heard him sigh. He looked back and saw that his expression had softened a little. “Sorry babe. I’m under a lot of stress, you know?” He has a false smile on his face. “Once I finish this book, I’m all yours, okay?” Finn nodded and closed the door behind him. *** Poe prints and delivers the new manuscript to Leia at the publishing house. Her office is as hectic as it usually is. She has several manuscripts on her desk and on some of the chairs. He has no idea how she has the time to read all these and decide whether or not it should be published. In fact, his manuscript was one of the smaller ones. He felt bad for her. If he was busy the past few weeks, he could only imagine how busy she was. She sighed. “Thanks for pulling through Dameron. I know it couldn’t have been easy.” “Yeah, it was no problem,” he lied easily. “It can’t be as bad as your job.” He remembered suddenly that he was almost her nephew, due to her being Luke's twin sister. “Happy belated birthday, by the way.” She let out a humorless laugh. “There was nothing happy about it, Poe. Ben couldn’t even visit me that day, and I know he wasn’t at work! He’s always procrastinating on his latest books, and I know it's hell on his editor. I love him, but I'm glad he's not one of my authors." Poe sometimes forgot the two of them were even related. While Leia was always busy and on top of things, her son was... Standing outside her office. Ben leaned against the door, peering in from the threshold. Poe tenses a moment, then composes himself. He couldn't read his expression, but feels Ben’s eyes boring into him. He excused himself to Leia and followed the taller man out into the hall. “Can I help you Ben?” He glared at him, obviously irritated with him. “You know I go by Kylo Ren, Dameron.” Poe rolled his eyes at the childish pseudonym. Everyone else may have referred to him as such, but he refused out of spite. He continued his way to the elevator. Having done what he came to do, he decided it was time to go home. Ben remained at his side, not ready to let him go just yet. “You know, a manuscript of mine was taken. Only my husband and I knew that I kept it inside my pillowcase. I have no idea where it went.” His voice has an accusatory tone to it. Poe knew exactly what he was implying, but ignored it anyway. “Yeah? Well that’s what happens when you use a typewriter and never make any copies.” “Well, it’s traditional,” Ben snapped. “It was good enough for my grandfather, so it’s good enough for me.” He wanted to laugh at how easily his competition was annoyed, but ultimately thought to play it cool. Plus, he really didn’t feel like having a serious conversation. Unfortunately, Ben had a different idea. Poe glanced at him, but kept his eyes forward, not wanting to deal with him. He sped up to press the button on the wall, hoping the elevator would open soon. He knew Ben was right behind him, but stayed optimistic that he wouldn’t want to follow him that far. “Dameron, I’m trying to have a conversation here.” Poe could’ve sworn that his tone sounded mocking, rather than having its usual edge. It was as if he knew something. But he chose to ignore it and step into the elevator as soon as the metal doors opened. He was pleased when Ben didn’t follow him. But he did say an unexpected farewell that made Poe uncomfortable. “You can't run from your problems, Dameron. They'll just come back to bite you in the ass.” Poe rolled his eyes and pressed the button to go to the first floor. Once the doors shut his stomach tightened. He breathed deep, trying to calm the feeling. His mind was abundant with the memories of why he felt this way in the first place. He should have been calm. After all, he was done with work. It was supposed to be a relaxing experience. It always was. There was only one difference. He had no reason to ignore Finn. He was going to have to face the mistakes he had made. Notes: Yeah... To any fans of Hux... I'm so sorry. Chapter 3 : Helpless Summary: Finn feels unappreciated, and thinks back to a time when he was he was helplessly in love. Notes: I really wanted to write a chapter focused on Finn's experience, so here it is! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Come on Finn. I see that look in your eyes,” Rey teased Finn tried to hide the fact that he was nervous. He glared at his sister. It was her fault he had to be here in the first place. He and Rey had never been to such an elegant party in a hall like this. Their aunt Leia invited them to come, knowing that Rey’s favorite author Lando Calrissian would be the guest of honor. He was an old friend of hers and many famous authors would be there to celebrate the legend himself, some of them up and coming writers she worked with. So obviously Rey had to drag her brother there so she didn’t have to go alone. He moped for a while, not wanting to be there. Most the authors were boring old guys. One of them was their weird cousin Ben who refused to answer to his name. Some of the people were just annoying. He was forced to stay by his sister’s side for the evening. Finn felt extremely out of place. He grew up poor, moved from foster home to foster home. Until he started living with Luke and Rey, he never had his own room or bed to himself. Not that he blamed his previous foster parents for being poor. He just never expected that a few years later, he’d be living it up with the most famous authors in New York City. He couldn’t say he really cared for it much. Explaining that he and Rey were related was annoying, dressing nicely to impress strangers was stressful, and talking to authors whose works he never read made him feel stupid. He wasn’t into it. What he was into was Poe Dameron. He was never one to try and grab the spotlight. He only planned on staying at one person’s side for the night. He laughed at his sister as she dazzled the room. Then Poe had to walk in and make his heart… All he knew was that he wanted that man’s attention. He felt a bit silly trying to catch his eye from the side of the ballroom. Everyone was dancing with the band at top volume. There was no way he was going to be noticed, and Rey knew it. “You’re not getting anywhere by staring at him,” she said while nudging him. "Go introduce yourself." “Yeah, well I’m going to,” he retorted quickly. He took a sip of his drink, still staring at the man’s perfect soft hair and radiant smile. Poe glanced in his direction, and Finn turned his gaze to his feet, feeling hot. “After I finish this drink,” he added. “Don’t be scared Finn. Go for it!” She pouted when he hesitated. “I can’t even make fun of you like this. Not when you’re so helpless.” “I am not--” But she had already rolled her eyes and made her way across the room to him. Finn panicked for a minute wondering what she was going to do. They talked for a bit, then she grabbed his arm, and he thinks, 'I'm through. There's no way anyone can resist falling in love with Rey, especially when she was dressed up like that.' He set his drink down, stomach now full of butterflies. ‘It’s okay Finn. You’ve lived through days at a time without food. This should be easy for you.’ He saw them starting toward him and his eyes met Poe's for a moment. ‘Oh look at those eyes!’ Finn had to catch his breath. He looked back down. He felt his stomach drop and had to admit it. He really was helpless. He didn’t even talk to Poe yet, and he was feeling this way. Poe had such a strong jawline and earnest brown eyes it drove him wild. ‘I’m so into him. I am SO into him,’ he thought as if admitting defeat. “Where are you taking me?” Poe asked Rey. “I’m about to change your life.” “Then by all means, lead the way.” He grinned at her. Finn was so jealous he wanted to disappear, but gathered all the courage he had. Rey winked as they approached him. “Finn Skywalker,” he greeted with a slightly shaky voice. “It’s a pleasure to meet you.” He held out his left hand for Poe to shake. He seemed a bit hesitant to take Finn’s hand. “Skywalker?” He asks, a twinge of disappointment in his voice. Finn suddenly wanted the ground to swallow him whole and save him from this situation. ‘He doesn’t want to talk to me.’ He didn’t know what he did wrong, but he was ready to speed out of the room and leave without his sister. “My brother,” Rey clarifies. “Brother?” Poe’s confusion seemed cleared and he looked Finn in the eyes and smiled. He thought he would melt at the sight but Poe finally takes his hand. He seemed to feel around for something. “So you’re not married then,” he observes with a smirk and bites his lip before leaning down and kissing the back of Finn’s hand. All he could hear were his internal shrieks of delight for a second before he notices Rey. She’s behind Poe now, dancing and making lewd gestures toward him. He realized he may have stared too long when Poe noticed his face and turned around. She stopped her pelvic thrusting and laughed awkwardly. “I’ll leave you to it.” She walked away as if she didn't completely humiliate herself. Finn sighed, not wanting to throw away his shot with the hottest guy in the room because of his weird sister. When Poe’s eyes were back on his, he laughed shyly. He took his hand to return the favor. “If it takes my embarrassing sister for us to meet, it will have been worth it.” Then it was his turn to lean down and kiss his hand. It seemed to be Poe’s turn to blush and stammer. Finn reveled in the fact that he could affect someone in that way too. In his peripheral vision he saw his aunt giving him a thumbs up and winking before going back to her conversation with Lando. Finn had taken immense satisfaction in giving his phone number to him before he headed home. Rey made fun of him on the way home, but he didn't care. *** A few months later, he’s rereading letters nightly. He feels his life get better with every letter that Poe writes him. They texted and called just like any other couple, but Poe’s writing on paper felt so real to him. Finn’s heart swelled with joy anytime he woke to a folded sheet of paper on the pillow beside him. Poe was a busy man, having to be interviewed because his first book was such a success. While he couldn’t always be by his side, he would write his appreciation for his boyfriend in letters that were sweet yet bordered on being indecent. Finn had to hide them from Rey for exactly that reason. He knew she just wanted to know how well their relationship was going, but he was extremely private. He did it so she wouldn’t embarrass him, but mostly because the letters are for his eyes only. They may have been cheesy, but when he read them, he knew Poe was all his. Rey rolled his eyes at him. It was her first time visiting her brother’s house, along with Luke. They sat on the chairs at the counter talking to Finn, who was making dinner. “Just let me read one letter! I know he’s a great writer, so let me confirm it,” she begged. She then raised an eyebrow. “Are you hiding them because they’re dirty?” Luke spat out his water, coughing loudly. She patted her father’s back and handed him a few napkins. “Rey, why would he write dirty letters when sexting is more convenient?” he asked seriously. “Please cut the sex talk,” Luke requested in a hoarse voice. “Come on Finn. Please?” she asks again. “I’m just saying if you really love me, you would share ‘em.” “I’m telling Jess you said that,” Poe’s voice called from the living room. He walked in the kitchen and shakes hands with Luke. “Mister Skywalker,” he greeted politely. “I wasn’t talking about you,” she laughed and jumped up to hug him. “I meant your letters to Finn. They’re dirty aren’t they? He won’t let me see them.” “Nah, I just write him letters every so often to proclaim my love for his sister,” he teased as she pushed him away, lightly slapping his chest. “You hear that Finn? A lesbian just stole your man.” He made a face at her. “Yeah, well you can keep him. Why should he have me when he could have a girl who tried to stop her scooter by crashing into a hospital wall?” “Oh, if you want to bring up old stories… Poe, did I tell you about the time Finn tried to flirt with our high school principal after a fight so he wouldn’t call our dad?” “You did what?” Luke’s judgemental eyes told Finn that he was in trouble. Even though he was an adult, he could tell he was gonna get an earful later. They bickered for a while before eating dinner. Even though his sister could be annoying, spending time with his family was nice. Since he moved out, he didn’t get to see them very often. A few hours of visiting later, they had to leave. They hugged goodbye and Finn and Poe waved as they drove away. It was only eight, so neither of them were tired. Finn thought he had the rest of their night planned out. But when they got inside, he didn’t immediately jump Poe. Instead, Poe took his hand and lead him back to the kitchen. He sat on the table and rubbed Finn’s hand, not looking him in the eye. “Finn, I’m an immigrant from Guatemala with no parents. I told you that I didn’t have a dollar to my name, an acre of land, or a dollop of fame when I met you. Leia was my book editor, but no one could’ve guessed that my book would’ve been so popular. It could have completely bombed. But you still stood by me.” Finn’s soul felt weak with so many emotions consuming him at once. Poe looked him in the eye and continued. “Your family brings out a different side of me. Rey confides in me and your father seems to like me. I never had a family, and now I get to have one with my lover and best friend. My father left, my mother died, I grew up buckwild.” He took a deep breath before standing back up to be at eye level with him. “You give me everything I could ever ask for.” Finn wanted to cry when Poe is suddenly down on his knee and fishing a small box out of his pocket. He opened it to reveal a gold ring. “As long as I’m alive Finn, I swear to god you’ll never feel so helpless. Will you marry me?” *** Finn rubbed the engagement ring on the ring finger of his right hand. He couldn’t wait to be married and wear it on his left every day for the rest of his life. It made him remember the first time he met Poe and the day he proposed. He thought back on both memories with fondness. He wished he could feel the same way right now. Even though Poe said that when he finished his manuscript he’d spend more time with him, he didn’t. He would say that he was actively avoiding him. Whenever Finn wanted to be intimate, he was pushed away. Occasionally, Poe would open his mouth as if he wanted to tell him something, but he never did. He was in a bubble that even Finn couldn’t pop. The ring was clean. He would polish it constantly throughout the days, not wanting to dirty the proof of Poe’s love. Though he admitted to Rey over the phone that he wasn’t feeling very loved. “What’s going on over there?” Her voice was clear over his new phone. It was daytime over in London, and early morning in New York City. It was dark outside and he should have been asleep, but Finn really needed to talk to someone. “I don’t know. I feel like Poe doesn’t love me anymore. I don’t think I’m being selfish here.” He sat on the same table his fiancee was on before he proposed. He didn’t want to wake Poe, or let him hear this conversation. “Since I got back from dad’s, he doesn’t want to talk to me or even have sex. I just… Do you think he wants to break up with me?” “Don’t think like that Finn,” she scolded him as nicely as she could. “So you’ve tried talking to him but he doesn’t listen right? He nodded, but realized she couldn’t see him. “Yeah. He doesn’t want to talk about anything. Not about the trip, his work, the wedding, or anything.” He released a shaky breath and tried to blink back tears. “I think he does want to end it. What else could it be, right?” “Finn, stop it.” Her voice was stern, but still concerned. “You don’t know that, okay? I… I don’t know what’s happening, but nothing’s going to be figured out if you don’t get him to talk.” “How am I supposed to do that?” “Sometimes, people only listen to you if you do something drastic,” she suggested. “So, you’re saying I should…” “Yes.” He nodded to himself. He thought there was a good chance it would work. “Thanks Rey. Love you.” “Love you too, bro.” He could hear the smile in her voice. He really was lucky to have her. But it was easy just talking about it. He would have to emotionally prepare himself to bring himself to actually do it. *** “I’m leaving.” Finn’s voice rang through the hall. He sounded so sure of himself that he surprised himself. He felt his heart ache. He wasn’t even sure that he wanted to do this. ‘What if I’m overreacting?’ he thought quickly. ‘What if I’m creating problems when none exist in the first place? What if he’s not talking because I’m not trying hard enough?’ Poe paused in the middle of the hallway and turned around. Everything was pretty quiet before Finn spoke, seemingly out of nowhere. There Finn stood in shock, not wanting to deal with the consequences of what he said. “What? Leaving?” Poe asked. He seemed unsure of what Finn was talking about. “W-where are you going?” ‘There he goes again,’ Finn thinks in annoyance. ‘I can do this. He can keep avoiding confrontation, but I won’t! There’s no going back now.’ “I’m leaving you, Poe.” Before he can react, he explains himself. “I can’t deal with not being able to talk to you or you constantly avoiding me like I did something wrong. It’s been like this for weeks.” He inhales sharply, but doesn’t let Poe talk. “If you don’t love me anymore, then I’ll save you the trouble and go back upstate.” He tried to move around Poe. He needed to escape the situation before he turned into a heartbroken mess right in front of him. He made it down the stairs, before Poe recovered from the initial shock from the one-sided conversation. “Finn!” He froze while putting on his shoes, but continued to out the front door. He didn’t want to leave, but he meant every word he said. And he truly believed that if he wasn’t loved, it was time for him to leave. Poe grabbed him by the arm. “No Finn, please!” Finn turned and saw how disheveled he looked. Half dressed, apologetic, he was a mess. He looked pathetic and on the verge of tears. A part of Finn was so relieved. He thought Poe no longer cared. He almost felt bad that he acted the way that he did. “Please don’t go Finn. Please,” he almost whispered. He wrapped an arm around Finn’s waist. “You’re the only thing I care about. I swear to God, I love you more than anything. Don’t leave me.” “Then why have you been so distant?” Poe didn’t say anything. Finn assumed he was still gathering his thoughts. “I thought you didn’t...” Poe’s chapped lips were on his. He was reluctant, but they haven’t done this since Finn left for his father’s house. He kissed him back, moving his mouth gently. His hand ran through his hair, lightly tugging. He knew how that would affect him. Poe groaned against his mouth. When Finn needed air, he moved to his neck. Between kisses Poe murmured apologies. He thought he may have forgiven him too easily. He still didn’t know why Poe avoided him for so long. He wanted an answer, but he was already being lead back inside. With the way he was dipped onto the sofa with Poe on top of him, kissing and touching him, the explanation could wait until later. His fiancee knew how to make him feel good in every way. But if there was one thing he couldn’t do, it was erase the helplessness Finn endured. Notes: Finn is such a sweetheart. It was so much fun writing him, especially the initial romance. Now back to writing the pain. Chapter 4 : Non-Stop Summary: Our favorite authors can never be satisfied. Notes: That Hamilton performance at the Grammys was amaaaazing! It gave me enough energy to finish the chapter This took longer than I expected it to. I had to write and rewrite this several times. I had too many ideas scrapped. But thank you for being patient! Enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo Ren was beyond pissed. He did not like being told how to do his job. His mother warned him that being an author could be an unforgiving profession. He hated when she was right. He knew there was a risk of failure that came with being an author. His first novel had been successful enough with pretentious hipsters. With that in mind, he started on his next book for his publisher Jango, who worked with his late grandfather. Unfortunately, there was no way to guarantee it would sell well enough to justify his publisher paying him more. When it didn’t, he was barely paid above an average cashier at a fast food restaurant. He and Hux would get by. His husband worked in an office for boater's insurance that paid well enough. But Kylo couldn’t purge the shame apparent at the back of his mind. He couldn’t help but think his grandfather Anakin would have been so ashamed if he could see him. Then there was Poe Dameron. An immigrant from Guatemala only a couple years older than him with a widely successful novel. His first book was a romance novel that highlighted the importance of family, the drama of love, while also balancing the drama out with humor. Kylo read all the headlines and blog posts about it, but wouldn’t go so far as to call it “game-changing”. Hell, he wouldn’t even call it good. But no matter how he felt, the numbers spoke for themselves. Poe was just more popular than him. He resented him for exactly that reason. Dameron got along with his mother better than he did. In fact, he got along with most people better than Kylo did. He wanted to think it was pure luck, but he ended up writing two more successful books within months of each other. He despised Dameron’s ability to write like he was running out of time. On his way down the hall, he could see Dameron and his mother in her office. Leia rolled her eyes and insulted him. Poe laughed it off and said something that finally made her smile. She hugged him before he left her office. After he did, she noticed her son’s lingering eyes. “Can I help you Ben?” Her smile was gone, but he could see hope in her eyes. He knew she wanted him to accept and come in. Though he hated talking about his feelings, he was tempted to. He couldn’t do it. He would just disappoint her like he did his grandfather. “That’s not my name.” It came out more aggressive than intended. He could almost hear his mother’s heart snap. Rather than saying something comforting to ease her mind, he stormed away. All he wanted to do was drive home. He hated Dameron even more. He was such a people person it sickened him. Even before he was famous, he charmed all the authors and publishers in the room at Lando Calrissian’s gala. He even managed to seduce his supposed “cousin” Finn. “If that bastard, orphan, son of a whore has to take someone else’s mother to feel better about his shitty life, then fine,” he muttered in the parking lot, on the way to his car. On the drive home, he was fuming. It didn’t register in his brain how recklessly he was driving until he cut someone off at a stop sign. The blast of the horns behind him frightened him into slowing down. When he pulled into his driveway, he sat there for a while. He wanted to blame his mistakes on everyone. He hated himself for them, Poe Dameron, and even his own mother. He sat for the longest time. His grandfather, wherever his soul was, was definitely embarrassed of him. Anakin Skywalker did whatever it took to win, and made sure everyone around him knew it. No one understood this better than his own family. His children Luke and Leia had constantly disapproved of his tactics. Anakin was an average writer, but gained a cult following over the years. He destroyed the career of famous horror writer Mace Windu. Kylo never heard the stories from his grandfather, but from his mother’s rants. He knew what his grandfather was doing was wrong, but he didn’t care. Anakin Skywalker always won no matter what he did. He had it all: money, power, and fame. That was everything Kylo wanted too. He felt like he was the only one who truly understood him. He finally exited the car. He fumbled with the house keys, becoming even more frustrated, and slammed the door open. Hux was knitting on the couch and jumped at the noise. His expression quickly soured. “You know I hate it when you do that,” his husband reminded him. Kylo huffed and hung his jacket on the coat rack. “Are you trying to fuck up this house even more?” “Try and stop me next time, darling,” he remarked bitterly. He leaned back against the wall, now facing Hux, who refused to look up at him. Kylo wasn’t ready to talk, but he knew his husband would want to know. He approached the subject meekly. “Remember when you said you’d love me even if I was a complete and utter failure of a human being?” Hux still kept his eyes down at the gray yarn, continuing on his scarf. Kylo glared at him. He couldn’t see the appeal in any of his hobbies. It was all pointless activity to keep one’s hands busy. He ranted to him about it many times, but Hux only rolled his eyes at him. He at least saw Hux was listening when he raised an eyebrow in curiosity. “I made no such promise, dear. If anything, I married you for your potential fame.” His face was completely serious, but Kylo knew his husband’s sense of humor. “Oh, be serious.” “I always am.” He couldn’t suppress the small smile that always formed when he messed with him. Kylo sighed, knowing his husband’s sass could go on forever. It drove him crazy, and Hux knew it. He grabbed his knitting needles and flung them across the room. When Hux glared back at him, he took the time to dramatically lie down on the sofa, placing the back of his head on his lap. He stared at Hux’s soft pale face. His eyes expressed his irritation, but softened when he realized how intense Kylo’s stare was. Hux ran his fingers through his husband’s dark hair, brushing it out of his face. He leaned over and pressed delicate kisses on his forehead, cheeks, and nose, but let his lips linger against his. Kylo’s stare was more relaxed, gazing almost lovingly at him. Hux wanted to laugh at him. He almost never looked like that. He pulled back to allow Kylo room to speak. “What’s wrong, my dear?” he asked in a hushed tone. “Will you enjoy being a failure’s husband? How do you love someone who can’t provide for your life?” “I assume you’re not doing too well,” Hux replied sympathetically. “But I relish being your husband. Never question that.” Kylo furrowed his eyebrows and sat up rapidly. Hux had to move back so their heads wouldn’t collide. “After I worked so hard, I deserve more recognition.” He didn’t really know what he was doing. But he had to stand up, he had to do something, even if he wasn’t something productive. He stood up and headed to the kitchen. Hux sighed loudly so he’d hear. He could tell he was being a bother, but he didn’t want to stop for anyone or anything. “Your mood swings are a bit jarring, sweetheart. Come back and let me make you feel good,” he suggested. Kylo ignored him and opened the freezer, taking out the half empty bottle of vodka. He planned on taking out shot glasses, but decided to just drink from the bottle. He was able to get a sip before Hux came and snatched it out of his hand. He glared down at the redhead, who returned the expression. In hindsight, Kylo shouldn’t have expected him to back off. Hux was only a couple inches shorter than him and he was one of the few people who had no problem telling him off. “Look at where you are,” he said while pouring the rest of the bottle down the sink. He didn’t listen to Kylo’s protests. “Look at where you started. I’ve seen how hard you’ve worked more than anyone else has. You don’t need this stuff.” Hux could see how his words affected him. Kylo shifted his sight to the sink, not wanting to look him in the eye. He took this as a sign to continue. “If your husband could share a fraction of your time… If I could grant you peace of mind… Wouldn’t that be enough?” Kylo seemed apologetic for a moment. “My grandfather would never accept such a loss,” he complained. ‘He can never be satisfied.’ He almost said it out loud, but decided against it. He listened to him rant some more. “And of course Dameron is doing well,” he spat. “Dameron, the angel who gets along with everyone and writes non-stop. I bet he’s working on something else right now. Why should someone like him get everything I deserve?” “You’re one to talk about ‘non-stop’, Ren,” Hux retorts reluctantly. He only wished to convey that perhaps this was the best time to take a break. He regretted saying it, knowing his husband would take it as a personal insult. “What’s that supposed to mean?” Kylo demanded. Hux didn’t want to encourage this behavior. He really didn’t. But he knew that his husband would never be satisfied until he got what he wanted. “Well, if you want to be like your grandfather, then do what he would do,” he said simply. Kylo finally looked at him, confusion evident on his face. “I don’t know how to do that.” “Anakin was never one to play by the rules, darling. If you want to succeed, then you shouldn’t either. You want to take down Dameron and gain publicity?” He considered changing his mind and not helping him with this nonsense. It was so tiresome. He longed for the days when Kylo was spiteful in all the right ways. They used to be fun, always teasing and bothering one another. Now when he was angry it wasn't playful. His eyes were full of envy and regret. But Kylo’s eyes were so curious and hopeful. He couldn’t bring himself to withhold the information he had. ‘Would this be enough to be satisfied?’ “I have an idea. You won’t like it, but it’s worth a shot.” *** Kylo was not at all okay with what his husband suggested. But taking into consideration what Hux said about his grandfather, he accepted. He made sure it all happened under his terms; he wanted Hux to be protected, he wanted to burn the sheets when they finished, he wanted no details on what happened afterwards. He hung back behind the bushes outside of his house on the night they would set the plan in motion. When the two approached the house, the first thing he noticed was Hux’s grip on Dameron’s arm. He was seething, but kept quiet. He took his phone out and snapped a photo, flash on. He worried Dameron would see it, but after it happened, Hux rushed him into the house. *** As much as Hux appreciated his husband, he did enjoy the time he spent with Poe Dameron. He had only spent one night with him, but he could finally understand why the man was so popular with people. However, he did feel a little bit guilty. He felt bad that he even suggested the idea. He knew Kylo would do what it took to succeed. He almost felt like he was taking advantage of his husband’s weakness just for a couple nights of fun. Meanwhile, his husband threw himself further into his work. He could have sworn he heard him mumbling about appeasing his grandfather. Every mention of Anakin Skywalker bothered Hux. He swore Kylo loved that old prune more than his own husband. He didn’t care how close they were when he was alive, he held the belief that that man was an asshole. This almost completely nullified the shame he felt. Kylo seemed to turn a blind eye to him. At first, Hux thought he was upset with him, but when he confronted him about it, he acted like he genuinely didn’t care. He ended up yelling at him, and Kylo yelled back. They both refused to apologize. Not too long after Kylo left to meet with Jango, he went to Dameron’s house again. He and Kylo went on ignoring each other for weeks. He refused to speak to him until he apologized, yet he assumed it would never happen. There were a some moments when he wanted to shout at him and tell him that he slept with Poe again. But every time he worked up the courage, he’d remember that he actually did care about his husband’s feelings, and he did feel a fragment of remorse. It was a few weeks before he was able to approach Dameron. He didn’t know how he would react. He probably didn’t know that Hux was Kylo’s husband, but he didn’t care. That was just one more meeting with him before Kylo screwed him over. His reputation might have been tarnished along with Poe’s, but if he and his husband earned more money, drama wouldn’t mean a thing to him. They had attended a welcome back party for his father Han, who was studying in Brazil for his recent action and adventure novel. Kylo was disgusted at the way people fawned over his father. His awful parents and uncle were the reason his grandfather earned a bad reputation before his untimely death. He couldn’t wait to leave. His urge to storm out was boosted when he saw Poe Dameron and his cousin Finn across the room. Hux on the other hand seemed eager to go and greet them. “What are you doing?” he demanded. “I’m going to say hello to your competition,” he said with a wink. Sometimes Kylo hated his husband. Dameron’s eyes widened when he saw Hux approaching him, arm linked with Kylo Ren’s. Finn didn’t seem to understand the worry on his fiancee’s face. Hux assumed he didn’t know about the situation. Which was good. Dameron would crash and burn much harder that way. “Mister Dameron,” Hux greeted respectfully with a smirk. Poe flinched as if he was going to slap him across the face. “Finn,” he said dismissively. “Hello, cousin,” he acknowledged as cordially as he could, making a point to ignore Dameron. Even if he wasn’t close to Finn, he was the only one in his family he came close to respecting. Which was mostly because he chose not to get involved in any business involving writing. “Hey Be- er Kylo,” he corrected himself. That was the another reason. Finn was consistently polite to him. “How have you been?” Kylo was an extremely private person. He was so private that he didn’t invite anyone he knew to his wedding. He didn’t even mention it to Finn, now that he thought of it. This was the final reason he almost respected him. He didn’t pry. Instead of asking how his work was going like people usually did, he asked an extremely vague question to which Kylo could really respond about anything he wanted. And he would have, if not for Hux. “We have been doing just fine,” he responded sharply. He looked over the shorter couple condescendingly. “Oh, where are my manners!” He held out a hand for Finn. “I’m Ren’s husband, Hux.” Finn acted as if nothing about this bothered him. He shook his hand. “Nice to meet you. But I see you already know our names.” “Oh, Poe and I have been well acquainted by now.” Poe cleared his throat loudly. He and Finn had only recently made up, and this conversation would not help him. “Yes, we’re old friends. Hux, can I ask you something in private?” Finn’s chest tightened, and saw his cousin appear equally distraught. He had a bad feeling, but smiled at them as they walked away. “Have you heard from Rey recently?” Kylo asked awkwardly. Finn was grateful for the chance to distract himself. “I called her a couple days ago to vent. She likes London, but wants to move back soon.” He was inclined to ask him why he would choose to be with Dameron. He chose to be nice to him. It was obvious that Finn felt just as antsy as he did. Hux really did not want to talk to Poe. He honestly thought his part in all this drama would be done unless Poe wanted his name and relationship compromised. They stood in an empty hall outside the party. Poe paced back and forth. Once he stopped, he pinched the bridge of his nose before turning to Hux. “Ben is your husband?” “That’s not his name now. It’s Kylo Ren. Which is going to be the name on your new manuscript.” “What? Why… Nevermind.” Hux was a bit annoyed that Poe was ignoring his attempt to dramatically reveal his plan. “What I wanna know is if what you said about him is true.” Poe’s eyes were steady enough that Hux started to take this seriously. “What are you referring to?” “That first night you told me your husband was beating you. Was that true?” Hux was taken aback. He had forgotten he lied about that. He was shocked Poe even remembered that, especially with what he was wearing that night. “I didn’t realize you cared,” he scoffed. For some reason a part of him was optimistic that his statement was actually correct. “Listen, I absolutely hate what happened between us. It was nothing more than a mistake,” Poe clarified. Hux felt a pang in his chest. He felt so vulnerable for some reason. The shorter man didn’t seem to notice. “But that doesn’t mean you deserve to be in a toxic relationship.” Something about this concern was refreshing. Poe was looking him in the eye so earnestly he had to avert his gaze. He didn’t want to trust him, but he actually believed his concern was real. He recognized that this was a situation he didn’t want to be in. He didn’t want to like Poe Dameron. He was going to screw him over. He and Kylo may have been fighting, but that was their plan from the beginning. “No, it’s not true” he said simply. Poe furrowed his eyebrows. “Then why would you—” “Like I said, Kylo Ren is going to be the name on your manuscript. We know that you’ve been working on something new. You can either hand it over, or we’ll go to Leia and tell her ourselves.” His expression was a cross of bewilderment and indignation. Hux smirked to seem more sure of himself than he actually was. “What do you mean? If you do, you don’t have a shred of evidence, so it doesn’t even matter.” “Well, darling, we have proof of something else on our side,” he retorted. “If my husband doesn’t get what he wants, you’re going to have a scandal on your hands.” Poe froze. He wanted to say something, but for the life of him he couldn’t even open his mouth. Hux took this silence as an excuse to leave. “Be careful how you handle this, Dameron. The world has its eyes on you.” *** For the rest of the evening, Finn was forced to watch Kylo and Poe argue with each other from afar. He talked to his uncle Han for a while, hoping that by the end of the conversation, his fiancee would want to go home. He knew they were rivals, but he didn’t think they actually hated each other. He was vexed at his argumentative nature. ‘Why does he assume he’s the smartest in the room?’ he thought in exasperation. ‘Soon that attitude may be his doom.’ He decided to approach their table, which was vacant beside the three of them. Poe looked at him with apprehension, and Kylo with the same confident expression Poe usually had. Hux was on his phone, ignoring all of them. He was immediately uncomfortable, wanting to go back to talk to Leia and Han again. “Finn,” Kylo nodded toward him. His arm gestured for Finn to sit. “We have to leave,” Poe insisted before hopping out of his seat and speed walking over to him. “Finn—” “Look around at how lucky we are to be alive right now,” he comments to his husband derisively. ‘It’s helpless,’ Finn thinks again. ‘I can’t get out of this drama.’ “Finn’s been asking me to leave,” Poe lied. “Isn’t this enough?” Finn interjected. “I swear, you two can never be satisfied. What are you arguing about now?” Kylo and Poe glanced at each other for a second. “Forget it,” Kylo sighed. “You two leave. He’ll find out soon anyways.” *** Finn was tired of the games they played. He expected Poe to tell him everything during the car ride or when they got home. Instead, Poe told him that Kylo was just being annoying and went to sleep almost instantly. The voice echoed in his mind all night. He hardly got any sleep because he couldn’t get Kylo’s “He’ll find out soon” out of his head. Of course in the morning Poe was gone and Finn had to go to work as the JCPenney manager at the mall. He decided he would just confront him about it later. He had a pretty good day at work for the most part. He trained several new staff members and handled some customers with questions and a few returns. Around his lunch break at 1, some of his employees began looking at him funny. Even the new ones. He looked in the mirror and didn’t see anything on his face. A few of them were handsy, putting an arm around his shoulder and patting him on the back. He didn’t question it. It happened a few hours later when he took a short break. He managed to cut a finger while lifting a box, and one of the workers snuck up on him. She was apologetic, but they both managed to laugh it off. He was looking for a bandage in his desk when he heard his text tone. He was going to ignore it, but he heard it again. And then another one. He took his phone out of his pocket and saw texts from Rey. [Rey] “Finn are u ok? I swear im gonna kill him! Whether u want me to or not!” (3:42 PM) [Rey] “Shit ur at work arent u?” (3:43 PM) Finn’s heart stopped. What could have possibly happened? He looked at the third and final one. There was a link to an online article in it. [Rey] Have you read this? (3:43 PM) Notes: I know there aren't many lyrics from the song, but I mostly tried to relate the lyrics to the theme of this chapter. Thanks for reading! Chapter 5 : Hurricane Summary: Poe looks back on his life before he came to America. After he lived through every bit of happiness being taken from him as a child, writing became his only fragment of joy. And he refuses to let Kylo Ren take that from him. Meanwhile, everyone else deals with the aftermath of Poe's nonsense Rey usually came home about an hour before Jess. On this day, she came home about three hours earlier than usual. She worked at Asda, and she didn’t have much work experience. She was still in her early twenties and didn’t go to college. She didn’t know or trust any of her co-workers, and her boss was the worst. They always got into arguments. She knew she was getting paid less than the rest of the workers and she hated it. And she had finally quit. The stress had gotten to be too much and she snapped at him. She would have lunged at him too if she wasn’t held back by a couple of customers. It felt amazing, but she didn’t want to tell Jess that she would be paying for bills alone. She’d have to look for another job right away. Marrying Jess and moving to London with her was the wildest thing she’d done, and she had no regrets. But no matter how happy she was, she was looking forward to moving back. She and Jess talked it over, and they planned to move back by the time winter rolled by. They had been saving enough money and they had it, but they still had to look for replacement jobs in New York. Rey looked through newspaper ads for a new job in London. Four months was a while to wait, and she’d rather not do nothing the whole time. A few hours later she was frightened as she heard a slam of the door. The digital clock told her it was 8:33. She picked up the staff leaning against the wall and peeked at the apartment entrance. She dropped her guard when she saw it was an angry Jess, who tossed her keys into the wooden bowl on the credenza. She turned her heated stare at Rey. She flinched, and jumped to the conclusion that she found out about what happened at work. “I-I can explain,” she sputtered. “Plutt was yelling at me, so I kinda let it slip that I spit in his coffee and—” “Have you read this?” She held her unlocked phone in front of Rey’s face. She squinted at the brightness, but took the phone anyway. She saw that it was open to an online article. She had to read the title of it a few times to understand its meaning and why Jess was so mad. “No... That’s not what this says,” she denies. But that doesn’t stop the uneasiness creeping its way into her heart. “I didn’t read it all,” Jess admitted, a grimace on her face. "I saw the headline and rushed over here. I wanted to talk to you first.” She nodded and held onto Jess’ hand for support. She read aloud as she scrolled down: “‘Poe Dameron Had a Torrid Affair’. And he wrote it down right there,” she comments in horror. “‘The accusation is a connection with one Kylo Ren for purposes of plagiarizing his original work. However, my real crime is an amorous connection with his husband.’” Rey’s voice was shaky and she wondered how much more she would have to read. “Shit,” Jess sighed weakly. She released Rey’s hand and moved her arm around her shoulder instead. She took the phone back into her other hand and continued. “‘I had only two meetings with him, once inside my own house.’ At his own house?” “At his own house,” Rey repeated incredulously. "Damn..." Jess read one final line before she had enough. “‘All the while, my fiancee Finn being absent, on a visit to his father.’” She locked her phone and looked at Rey. She had always been pretty fair, but she had never seen her look so pale. “No,” she says again, this time with disgust. “No, Poe, he didn’t—” “I’m going to kill him,” Jess said, her voice full of determination. “Not before I do.” She grabbed Jess’ phone and unlocked it, ready to call Poe. She looked at the contacts list and searched for his name. Jess knew he was about to get an earful and went to their bedroom. She grabbed Rey’s phone. She knew anger was the right thing to feel, but right now, that wasn’t what was needed. She heard her wife start off quiet, hatred obvious in her voice. She then worked her way up to yelling at the top of her lungs. She wanted to know how Finn was holding up. She knew she wouldn’t hear him if she called him. Instead she sent him a few concerned texts. She listened to every foul word that came out of Rey’s mouth. Poe may have been her friend, but he deserved that much. “I love that woman,” she sighed. Jess stared at the picture on their bedside table. They were at their wedding having their first kiss as a married couple. She smiled at the memory. She grabbed the frame and held it tightly to her chest. She frowned. “If only Dameron was as grateful for his Skywalker as I am for mine.” A ding of the phone knocked her out of her train of thought. She realized it wasn’t a text, it was ringing. Finn’s name was at the top of Rey’s phone. She hoped it wouldn’t be too loud for her to hear. She shut the door and answered. “Finn? Are you okay? Where are you?” Her voice was steady and hopefully comforting to him. “Jess? I’m in my office at work,” his voice broke like he was going to cry. Jess took a deep breath. She had to stay calm. If she panicked then so would he. “Finn listen to me, okay? Let’s take deep breaths together.” “O-okay.” She instructed him on when to breath. She’d helped him through anxiety attacks before. It wasn’t so hard, though she did wish she could be there to pat his back. “Finn, keep breathing. Listen to me please. Okay?” “Okay,” his voice was still stressed, but she didn’t hear any sobbing. She took that as a good sign. “Once you’re calm enough to drive, go back home. You can talk to Poe, get all your emotions out.” “No Jess I can’t! I just…” She heard his deep breathing continue. “Shh, I know, I know,” she hummed. She couldn’t think of anything comforting to say except: “Shh, you’ll be okay. Me and Rey are coming back, okay? We’re coming back for you.” *** In the eye of the hurricane there was quiet. And, for just a moment, a yellow sky. Poe was seventeen when a hurricane destroyed his town. He hadn’t drowned. He couldn’t seem to die. Poe never had a good family life. His parents had fought so much that it drove his dad away from them. He went to America, and he and his mother never heard from him again. He was twelve when his mother died. They had both been sick for a while. He eventually got better. She was holding him in her weak arms. She tried to comfort him and tell him that everything was okay, but she went quick. He moved in with a cousin, who later committed suicide. While everyone he loved was dying, he was left with nothing but nothing but ruined pride. All that was left was a voice saying, ‘Poe, you have to fend for yourself.’ He picked himself back up and started reading every novel on the shelf. Poe’s life was a mess, and for whatever reason he refused to die. He didn’t know why. He didn’t want to exist. One day he just wrote his way out of his grief. He wrote his way out of hell. With everything that left him, with everything he’d lost, he’d written poetry. He wrote what he felt in his heart. He wrote out every feeling inside him. He swore he wouldn’t stop until the day he would run himself emotionally dry. He thought that day would never come. Poe looked back on his life ruefully. He was used to writhing in anguish over what was lost. Everything was taken from him when he was young. But this was his fault. Finn was going to leave him, and it was his fault. He had to come clean. Leia and Ben approached him. He could have let “Kylo” have his manuscript. Either way he’d have a scandal on his hands. But damn it, he rejected the idea of being called a liar. He rejected the idea that someone was going to get credit for his writing, for his experiences, for his suffering. Writing was the one thing he had that he could never lose. He decided he would overwhelm them with honesty. If the world had its eyes on him, then he would blind them with the truth on his own terms. This was the eye of the hurricane. This was the only way he could protect his legacy. “I’m sorry Finn,” he whispered. *** Finn walked out of his office bleary eyed with a box of bandages clenched in his hands. He forgot that he was holding them. He threw them behind him and shut the door. He’d pick them back up the next day at work. He noticed an employee staring at him in his peripheral. He turned and saw that it was his friend Slip. He earned the nickname after slipping up so many times on the job, sometimes literally. He was a sweet guy and a hard worker. But Finn didn't want to deal with anyone. “Finn, what’s wrong?” By his tone, he could tell that Slip hadn’t heard about it. He wiped his eyes and cleared his throat. “I’m not feeling too good. Tell the others I went home. Close up for me?” He held out his keys. “Sure,” Slip said with a smile. He grabbed the keys. “You get better soon.” Finn walked quickly out to his car. He was so embarrassed. Almost all of those workers were pitying him over this. He read the entire article to the last line. The author showed screenshots and quotes of the letter he had typed out and posted onto his website. He read it all, in hopes the author of the article would make it clear that it was an elaborate joke. The last lines horrified him. “Have you ever seen somebody ruin their own life? His poor fiancee.” He drove carefully down every street. He kept his focus on the road. He wanted to go home and he wanted to be by himself. Jess promised they’d come back home, which would take maybe a week or so if they rushed. He appreciated it. He wanted to go home and stay with his thoughts only. He didn’t know what he would do if he saw Poe waiting there. If he was, he may have just driven straight back to his father’s home. He pulled up, relieved to see that Poe’s car wasn’t there. Soon, he was inside the house and walking up the stairs. In the room they shared, he noticed the pictures of them, a couple hanging on the wall and one on the bedside table. He turned them around so he wouldn’t have to look at them. He lied on the bed and opened his phone to new texts and social media notifications. They mostly consisted of the same thing. His heart sped up and he tossed it to the other side of the bed and groaned. He had no idea what he was going to do or say to anyone. All he knew was that he did not want to be known as “Poor Finn”. *** There was a moment Hux knew that he was fucked. He didn’t mind that Dameron chose to ruin his own reputation. In fact, he nearly jumped with joy at the news. He didn’t care that Dameron wrote about the affair in detail. Hux didn’t care what people said about him. Kylo Ren’s name was out there. It was bound to gain him more popularity with readers. The thing that did aggravate him was the fact that he disclosed that the two of them slept together. Twice. Which was something his husband wasn’t meant to know about. He was sure that he was going to be yelled at. He would throw a tantrum, throw all of Hux’s belongings out of the house, and he would have to beg for forgiveness. Because while he was still pissed at him, and maintained that he wasn't the one at fault, he did love Kylo. But nothing happened. At least not to him. Kylo just stayed quiet and blanked him. Hux felt like he was being vilified. He almost wanted to apologize. ‘But he agreed to it. He wanted me to sleep with him,' he rationalized to himself. But he couldn't handle the way he was being flat out ignored. And he knew he deserved it. A few days later his husband came home and Hux took a deep breath. He was going to at least try to apologize. Sometimes he hated his husband for staying so stubborn. “Kylo,” he called to him. He sat at dining room table. Hux prepared steak for them both in hopes that he would talk to him. He held his breath as Kylo walked into the room, seeming hesitant. He knew he’d have to talk fast before he could leave. “Sit down and eat.” It sounded like a command and he internally cringed. He was surprised when he did so without a word or a glance. ‘So far so good,’ Hux thought. ‘But what now?’ Kylo began cutting his meat and eating. Hux drummed his fingers on the table. He had to say something. “Ren, I...” Kylo was looking right at him now, expression unreadable. He gulped. “It happened when we were fighting. I shouldn’t have done it and I am so sorry,” he admitted meekly. “I know you don’t want to forgive me—” “But Dameron was too good to pass up, right?” His voice was hollow. Hux suddenly felt smaller. “Dameron, the saint. Dameron, the bastard orphan that can take everything I love.” He flinched, resenting the way he said that. “Wait a minute. You were so obsessed with your own success that you were willing to let me in the first place. Because you can never be satisfied!" Kylo finally showed how angry he was. He leaned forward, his fork stabbed into the slab of meat on his plate. “Well it was your idea, and you told me to play dirty like my grandfather did.” “I didn’t make you say yes. You could have said no to this.” They were raising their voices, but he no longer cared. Kylo was on his feet instantly. “Just admit it, you wanted to sleep with him! Well if that’s what you want, then feel free to leave me and be with him.” He finally turned on his heel and stormed away to their room. Hux assumed he was sleeping on the couch that night. He was a bit relieved. He was pissed at him, but he wasn’t getting kicked out. And Kylo was open to talking to him. He felt a shiver pass through him as he cleared the table. “Fuck.” Chapter 6 : Burn Summary: Finn cried his tears, he talked to his sister, and he mourned the loss of his broken relationship. He's still hurting, but he refuses to be helpless. Notes: This is shorter than I expected it to be, but I wanted to separate this chapter from the next one. Enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The fireplace was lit downstairs. At first, Finn thought he’d burn Poe’s clothes, but he couldn’t bring himself to be so bold or petty. He decided to let the flame die out on its own. Instead, he was going through all of his belongings, stacking everything in neat piles. He wasn’t even close to finished but he searched for boxes to place everything in. He had to keep his mind occupied. He cried for a while when Rey finally called to talk and ease his mind. When they hung up, he realized that he would have to face Poe eventually. Finn was done being sad and pathetic. He didn’t want to be some helpless child. He lived in loveless foster homes for years at a time. If there was something he learned from that, it was that he was not a weak person. He didn’t need to depend on anyone. He didn’t need Poe to live. That was the man who poisoned his own reputation, the man who shattered his relationship. He told the whole world of his mistakes, and couldn’t even say it to Finn’s face. He had enough time to look back at all the problems they’d been having for the past month. When he came back from vacation with his family, Poe kept pushing him away. He locked himself in his office and actively avoided him. And at his uncle Han's party, Poe froze when they were approached by Kylo and Hux. Finn heard the flirtation in the redhead's voice that night. And Poe pulled him away to talk to him in private. Everything made sense. The more he thought about it, the more determined he was to leave without a word. Poe didn’t deserve the effort. Out in the garage, there were boxes of various sizes lined up on shelves from when they moved in. He stacked three small ones on top of each other and brought them up the stairs. He set them on the bed and started going through his sock drawer. It wasn’t long before he completely emptied it and saw the paper at the bottom. His heart sunk. He considered just leaving them there for Poe to deal with. He hadn’t read them in a long time. Finn continued packing clothes in a suitcase and miscellania into the boxes before his curiosity got the best of him. He closed his suitcase and opened the drawer again. There were several letters folded in fourths. He smoothed them out and began reminiscing while reading them. With every word, he was changing his mind on leaving. He didn’t want to leave. The front door downstairs opened and shut. The hair on Finn’s neck stood on end. He took a deep breath. “I’m not leaving,” he told himself. “I saved every letter he wrote me,” he said quietly. He didn’t know if he wanted Poe to hear him, but he needed the words to be said out loud. They felt more valid that way. Teardrops fell onto the paper, smudging the words. “From the moment I read them, I knew you were mine. You said you were mine. I thought you were mine.” He and his words flooded his senses. Each sentence would leave him defenceless. Poe built him palaces out of paragraphs, he built cathedrals. He kept reading the letters, searching and scanning for answers in every line for some kind of sign of when things went awry. Reading through made him remember that when Poe was his, the world seemed to burn. Every experience with him was new and exciting. “How did we get here?” he mumbled. Poe at last acquired the courage to head up to their bedroom. Finn’s heartbeat got louder with the footsteps that kept getting closer. He was glad to be facing away from the door. He heard a light knock and a noisy creak. He didn’t turn to look at him. Poe was going to see the organized chaos of the room. Finn knew he would probably need to gather his thoughts before talking. “Finn…” It sounded as if he was shocked. The voice made him shudder. He was nervous and angry, but he didn’t know what to say. He felt another burst of anxiety coming. He took a deep breath, like Rey and Jessika usually had him do. He swore in that moment that those were the only two he could trust. “Rey was always right,” he stated almost robotically. It was strange, but he could only think about her. “Years of being on her own taught her not to trust people, so I thought she was just being paranoid.” “Finn,” he called again. “I’m—” “Do you know what she said about you after we introduced you to my father? She said, ‘Be careful with that one, love. He will do what it takes to survive.’” “I’m so sorry Finn,” he repeated louder, trying to get him to listen. “I was stupid and weak. I should have never betrayed you. You have to believe that I still love you. I’ll do whatever it takes to earn your trust.” Finn allowed him to finish before picking up where he left off. He was shaking now, but he wouldn’t let his emotions get in the way. “Rey could always read people better than I could. Just today when she called, she said that you were an Icarus, and you’ve flown too close to the sun.” “Finn, look at me.” He turned and saw Poe standing in the doorway. The sight of him made him feel like he’d been punched in the chest. He got up and stood right in front of the dresser, still holding the letters tightly in his hand. “I read every word of what you posted,” he confirmed tersely. “You told the whole world how you brought this man into our bed. In clearing your name, you’ve ruined our lives.” Poe tried to get a word in, but Finn refused to stop. “You and your words are obsessed with your legacy. Your sentences border on senseless. And you are paranoid in every paragraph how people perceive you! You… you…” His voice trembled as he was overwhelmed with heartache. Poe started toward him, but Finn’s arm crossed his chest, body language showing that he didn’t want him any closer. His other hand lifted the letters up so that he could see them clearly. The days he received them were some of the best in his life. One section always stood out to him. “‘I would take infinite pleasure if you would dwell in the heart of my narrative. Allow our love story to be one for the ages. None would hold a candle to the adoration I possess for one as captivating as you,’” he read out loud. “You were always so cheesy, but it never bothered me. You made me fall fast. But it was all a lie wasn't it? Because I wasn't enough to be satisfied. “Since your narrative means so much to you, you should know that I’m taking myself out of it,” he lamented. Poe looked down at the suitcase and moved it aside when Finn moved closer, making it harder for him to get to it. Finn glared at him and moved to the bedside table. “Finn, please, I still love you so much,” Poe said softly. “Let your precious fans wonder how ‘Poor Finn’ reacted when you broke his heart. You’ve torn it all apart and I can only watch as it burns.” He was going to grab his phone off the table. Instead, he picked up the glass frame that faced down with a picture of just the two of them. Poe watched him with concerned eyes. He flinched and stepped back as the frame was thrown at his feet. He was stunned at the picture of them at Jess and Rey’s wedding, now having shattered glass scattered across the floor. “The world has no right to my heart. The world has no place in our bed. They don’t get to know what I said.” He pushed past Poe to get out of the room and back downstairs. Poe put his hand on his shoulder, talking as he tried to keep up. “I know I messed up. Please let me—” “No.” Finn shrugged his arm off of his shoulder, continuing to the living room. He opened the glass to the fireplace. The flames were getting lower, but he could still feel the intense heat. “I'm burning the memories and all the letters that might have redeemed you. You forfeit all rights to my heart,” he asserted, tossing the letters into the fire. He kept his stare on the paper that curled up as they were engulfed in a sea of orange. He turned to Poe, who looked shaken, as if he was stabbed. That look on his face made him want to embrace him, despite everything. He stayed firm, looking him in the eye. “You forfeit the place in our bed. You’ll sleep alone in your office instead, with only the memories of when you were mine.” Poe looked between between the fire and Finn. He blinked back tears and headed out the door with one last, prolonged apology. Finn winced as the door was hurriedly slammed shut. He hadn’t expected to run him out of the house, but he supposed it was easier this way. He sat, staring at the fire for a while, in hopes that his heartbeat would slow down. The aftertaste of Poe’s betrayal was fresh in his mind. “I hope that you burn.” *** Poe remembers the way his phone blew up with notifications that day. He read everything bad people said about him. He felt as if he was addicted to hurting his own ego. It wasn’t as if he didn’t deserve it. That was when he started drinking and staying in some shitty motel room. He drove by the house a few times, but didn’t want to go inside because Finn’s car was there. Eventually he timed his arrival right, and was able to grab some of his belongings. He lies back on the bed, still refusing to take any pills for his hangover. He thinks about changing his clothes, but still doesn’t want to get up. He was dirty and he didn’t care. He planned on staying in bed all day, but that plan changes when there’s a knock on his door. He groans, but gets on his feet to answer to whoever was there. The knocking was obnoxiously loud and rapid………….. “Just a minute,” he calls impatiently as he opens the door. “What do you—” “Hello,” Hux greets awkwardly. Poe’s eye twitches and he thinks about cussing him out or slamming the door of his face. But he can’t be mad at him. This whole situation was his own fault, and Hux didn’t seem like he was here for sex. “Are you going to invite me in or not?” Hux demands. Poe sighs. He doesn’t want to deal with him. He sees that the redhead is fidgeting nervously. He knows he’s going to regret this. “Fine. Come in.” Notes: And this is where the title comes into play. But I'm not finished yet. I hope y'all are ready for more :))) Thank you for reading! Chapter 7 : Congratulations Summary: Hux shows up at the motel room, and Poe invites him in. Notes: This chapter is based on one of the unreleased songs that you can find here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buDSH3ihmYA As always, enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Hux was hesitant, but sat on the messy bed. Poe stayed up, leaning against the now closed door. His arms were crossed, and his eyes were intense. Hux raised an eyebrow at him. “I see you’ve been handling this well,” he started sarcastically. “I mean, Kylo and I have been arguing, but at least I’m not staying here.” “Mind telling me why you’re here?” he demanded impatiently. Hux smiled, but it didn’t meet the eye. He looked down and played with the ring on his finger. “I don’t even know.” They were both quiet for a while. “For the past few days, I’ve tried to talk to Kylo, but he refuses to listen. Last time we fought, I went to you. Which, in hindsight wasn’t a good idea.” Poe’s eyes narrowed. “You’re right, it wasn’t.” He sighed at his own tone, remembering his own culpability here. Hux didn’t seem to take offense, but instead raised an eyebrow at his hypocrisy. “I suppose the point is, we’re both fucked, and I thought you you could help.” “But how—” “I saw you stumble back here on my way home from work last night,” he explained. “You look like trash, by the way.” Poe didn’t respond to the blatant insult. He dropped on the floor and crossed his legs, running a hand through his hair. Hux had a point. The only people willing to talk to him was the media, and he wasn’t quite ready for that. “You know what? Fine. Get it all off your chest.” Hux eyed him suspiciously. “I mean that in a strictly non-sexual manner, by the way.” Poe rolled his eyes. “Obviously.” “I never thought Finn would kick you out of the house. As much as I don’t care for him, he’s a nice guy. Though I guess that’s all out the window when your boyfriend has an affair and writes it for the world to see.” Poe wasn’t ready to say anything. He honestly couldn’t believe that this was real. He kept his eyes on the rug. Hux huffed and the bed creaked as he lied back. “I’m sorry. This is my fault,” Hux admitted. Poe looked up at him and opened to mouth to say something. Nothing came out. He didn’t agree, because he’d be a hypocrite, and he didn’t disagree, because that was incorrect too. He settled for just waiting for him to elaborate. “This whole thing was my idea. Kylo always hated you. I—” He took a moment to think. “His book wasn’t doing so well, and he thought if his grandfather was alive, he’d be ashamed of him. He wants to be like his grandfather. I knew he would never be satisfied until he was successful.” That word echoed in Poe’s head. The memories from that day permeated his mind. Finn said something similar to him before he left: “Because I wasn’t enough to be satisfied.” At that point, Hux paused. Poe took that opportunity to interject. “He was so focused on his success— his legacy— that you felt he wasn’t satisfied with you?” He sat up on the bed. Poe wondered if he had gotten it wrong, or if he had offended him somehow. “For a guy that released details of his own affair, you’re not that stupid.” Poe shrugged and listened to Hux rant on and on. “I probably had no right being mad when I’m the one who suggested it. I know it was a ridiculous, stupid plan. But I only came up with it because I wanted my husband to hear how stupid he was being. I didn’t think he would actually agree to it.” “Well, your husband is a ridiculous man,” Poe agreed bitterly. Hux shot a glare at him, but Poe could tell that he knew it was partially true. “I hated him for agreeing to it. He was just going to sell me like some sex object? So I decided that I was going to have you, and I was going to enjoy it.” Poe felt sick at that, but didn’t say anything. “And when we kept fighting, I went to you again.” “Don’t you love him?” Poe asked incredulously. “Don’t you love Finn?” he snapped back. “You broadcasted this, not me.” He felt like he was burning at the reminder. Hux looked like he regretted what he said, but stayed quiet. Poe felt the need to do… something. He got up and headed to the bathroom, turning on the cold water of the sink and splashing it onto his face. He wanted something to snap him back to reality. He did not want to be in this situation. “Why did you do it?” Hux called from the bed. Poe dried his face with a clean white towel and dropped it on the floor. “My reputation was going to be ruined anyway, so I decided that I should do it myself. It was a sacrifice I felt was right. I had to tell everyone.” “That’s not what I meant,” he replied. Poe walked back and saw that Hux was still sitting up on the bed. He sat next to him on the edge. “What do you mean?” “Why did you cheat in the first place?” His chest tightened. His subconscious counted his losses. He definitely lost Finn for good. He lost his reputation. Judging from the tweets and other social media posts, he lost some fans. The feeling was horrible, yet familiar. “I lost everything,” he muttered. Hux furrowed his brows. “Believe me, I know,” he scoffed. “Everything. Before I even met Finn. I was so used to losing. Loss is all I’ve ever known.” His mouth was spouting out more words than his mind could keep up with. But everything he was saying felt right. “Dameron?” His voice sounded concerned. He tried to save face by mocking him. “Does any of this have a point?” “I lost my parents, my cousin, my home. Everything I loved left me and when Finn was going on vacation with his family without me…” Poe began rubbing the back of his neck. Saying everything he felt out loud made everything make sense. Finn went on vacation without him. People usually wouldn’t take something like that so hard, but for some reason, he did. He thought about how, after every loss in his life, he did the same thing. He wrote infinitely, he wrote exquisitely. When Finn left, he tried to write, but couldn’t do it without great frustration. “I felt like he was leaving me for something better. And I’m so used to loss that I thought I could just write it off, but it didn’t work. That was the same night that you came along.” “So…” Hux eyed him with considerable interest. “… You were sort of… accepting your loss?” Hearing it said aloud, he felt silly. Worse than that, he felt like the most obtuse person on the planet. He groaned. “Did I sleep with you because I was accepting defeat?” He leaned forward, elbows on his knees, covering his face with his hands. “Well, you didn’t have to say it like that,” he points out in mock annoyance. Poe flinched at the feeling of a hand patting his back. “But if you did, I guess you took your ‘loss’ of Finn pretty hard, if you can even call it a loss.” Huh dropped his hand from his back, feeling extremely awkward. "Did Finn make you feel like he was going to leave you?" Poe shrugged. "Finn was the only one who stayed by my side, aside from Jess. Jess went to London and Finn was the only one left. I always wondered when he was going to leave me." "Then you made him leave you. You mourned your loss before it was even a loss." He wasn’t wrong. He could write off just about anything, but it didn’t work for Finn. And when he lost him for real, he didn’t even bother. All he did then was get drunk. Without Finn, he couldn’t function normally. “You and Kylo are more similar than you think,” Hux said with a small laugh. “After that second affair, I thought I’d want someone more… emotionally stable, like you. But seeing you here, you’re more of a fucking mess than he is.” Poe finally sat straight up again. They stared at each other for a few silent seconds. “When I opened the door for you, I wanted to slam the door in your stupid pale face. But this was surprisingly more helpful than drinking.” Hux stood up and dusted off his black pants. “This wasn’t the worst conversation I’ve had.” He headed for the door, forcing it open. Hand still on the knob, he turned back to him. “We may be messes, but we should try to clean ourselves up. You love Finn. If you can help it, don’t lose him too.” He finally stepped out and shut the door. When he woke up that day, his plan to stay in bed all day. When he answered the door for Hux, he thought he was in for the worst. But now, Poe was going to take advice from someone he hoped he’d never have to see again. He was going to take it literally first. He doubted Finn would want to deal with him while he looked and smelled like a garbage can. *** Moving out of London was pretty easy, especially since homes in England keep all the furniture. Of course, it was annoying having to wait for all their clothes and other essentials. Fortunately, when Finn came to the airport to pick them up, they were able to shove all their stuff in his car. It wasn’t the safest thing and it made him nervous, but Rey offered to drive. Rey and Jessika unofficially moved in with him. They initially planned to stay in one of the guest rooms downstairs. On the first day they were there, Finn was so happy to see them. When they asked about Poe, he faltered, but went on being positive when that conversation was done. But at night they were in their room with the door open, almost falling asleep when they heard crying. Rey was the first to hear it and left without a word. She stormed up the steps so Finn would hear her. On the floor right outside the door, she could see scratches, like something was broken there. She didn’t bother knocking, but opened the door slowly. Finn was facing away from her. He was under the blanket on the left side of the bed, farthest from the door. She climbed in next to him, holding him from behind, nuzzling the top of her head onto his neck. He wiped his tears and turned so he was facing the ceiling, making it more comfortable for Rey. She laid her head on his shoulder. “I’ll find Poe and punch him in the face,” she mumbled sympathetically. Finn leaned into her hug, his cheek on the top of her head. He took a deep breath. “I’m glad you’re here.” “Me too.” Soon enough, Jess jumped on the bed, across their legs. “Hey y’all,” she called, grinning. Rey threw a pillow at her face and giggled. Finn smiled as they continued to banter. They all talked about stupid things, like they were middle schoolers at a slumber party. Eventually, Finn fell asleep, still holding onto his sister. They all slept there every night. They lived happily for a little over two weeks. Jess and Rey applied for jobs and scheduled interviews while Finn was at work. Jess made dinner before he came home because, according to her, the Skywalkers all sucked at cooking. She was cooking while Rey was showering after an interview, and Finn had only about an hour of work left. The doorbell rang, which wasn’t out of the ordinary for this time of day. Sometimes the kids next door kicked their ball over the fence and asked her to send it back over. She opened the door and dropped the greasy spatula at her feet, dirtying her shoes. “Shit.” “Oh.” Poe looked down and back up at her. “Oh! Jess, hey. I didn’t expect—” He didn’t get to finish, as Jess had stepped forward and smacked him hard in the face. He stumbled back a bit. He brought his hand to his cheek, staring at her angry expression. “I deserve that,” he admitted, rubbing his face gently. “Can I still come in?” Jess glared at him. When Poe looked at her with that earnest expression, she felt her anger fading. She always hated the puppy dog eyes he had. “Fine. But Finn’s—” “Not here. He’s almost off of work,” he finished. “But this is important. I need to talk to him.” He stepped inside. Jess saw him eye his surroundings suspiciously. She had no idea what he was watching for. “What do you want?” They both turned and saw Rey dressed, but with a towel on her head, soaking up all the water in her hair. She rushed down the stairs. Poe’s eyes were immediately filled with apprehension. “Shit. Hey Rey.” She was almost his height, not being intimidated by the couple of inches he had on her. She stood face to face with him. He stared straight back at her, not ready to back down. ‘Fuck, she’s gonna kill me.’ “Don’t give me that look, Poe,” she said, suddenly smiling sweetly. “I only want to say congratulations.” Rey stepped away from him. His breathing became regular once again, but he was just as uneasy. She took the towel off her head, letting her wet hair fall out. She threw the towel on the stair railing. “You have invented a new kind of stupid,” she sighed, a look of exhaustion falling upon her features. “A ‘damage you can never undo’ kind of stupid. An ‘open all the cages in the zoo’ kind of stupid. Truly, you didn’t think this through?” she asked with an edge in her tone. “Kinda stupid,” Jess echoed quietly. Rey hesitated for a moment while staring at him. In that moment, Poe was ready for her to follow through on those threats she spat at him over the phone. Instead, her eyes ruefully stared down at her feet. She lead the other two to the kitchen and sat at the counter. “Sorry, let me review.” She thought for a few seconds while Poe sat at the table behind her. She turned to him, standing back up. “You took a rumor a few, maybe two people knew, and refuted it by sharing an affair of which no one has accused you?” she demanded, stepping closer to him. “He asked you to take a break, but you refused to.” Jess turned off the stove. The burgers in the pan sizzled, the opposite sides burnt. She watched as her wife continued to berate her best friend. She wanted to step in, but it seemed like Rey had everything handled. Poe seemed to shrink in his seat. He knew he’d have to face Rey’s wrath eventually, but he was not prepared for this. He knew she was going to be hostile, but it was so much worse in person. He stared up reluctantly at her resentful eyes. “So scared of what your enemies will do to you,” she spat venomously. “You’re the only enemy you ever seem to lose to. You know why Kylo Ren can do what he wants? He doesn’t dignify school yard taunts with a response! So yeah, congratulations.” Poe finally looked up at her. “I know it was stupid, okay? But Kylo had proof and I needed to tell the truth to the world.” “The world?” Rey’s anger seemed to slowly subside. Her eyes shone, and he wondered if he should get up and comfort her. She pulled a seat out and plopped down next to him. Her hands were intertwined with each other on the table. Poe hesitantly put a hand on her shoulder. For a second she seemed like she was going to move away, but didn’t. She blinked rapidly, rubbing her eyes until they no longer felt teary. “Finn… Finn’s your world. He’s my world too.” He nodded. “I should have told him first. To his face.” She sighed, laying her head on the table. She looked him in the eye. “I’m trying to be mad at you,” she admitted. “I mean, I am. But you were my friend and… I just don’t understand why.” Poe didn’t answer. He patted her back lovingly. “I really fucked up. It makes sense you don’t trust me after what I did.” She stared at him with a wide array of emotion, the most obvious one being confusion. He couldn’t tell what she was thinking or what she was going to say. He prepared for more yelling just in case. “That first night, the one when I called and yelled at you,” she reminded him. “I wasn’t done with you. When I came down here, I was so ready to fight you.” She smiled genuinely, sitting up straight. “When I saw Finn cry on our first night here, that feeling doubled. But then I saw how strong he was. Every day, I see a big smile on his face when I talk to him. He talks openly to us, and even though he’s still not the happiest, he’s still trying. I see him improve every day. “When I came down here, I was angry. I thought I knew what I was here to do,” she said, smile growing smaller. She suddenly looked serious, and Poe braced himself once again. “But I’m not here for you.” Poe waited for her to keep talking. She was quiet for a while, and he looked to Jess for help. She was leaning against the counter, watching and listening to them silently. She seemed to be waiting too. He turned back to Rey patiently. “I know my brother like I know my own mind. You will never find anyone as trusting or as kind. He talked to me about you all the time even though I didn’t know whether I could trust you. When you said that you loved him, he said to me, ‘This one’s mine’. So for his sake I tried to be your friend, and succeeded. Do you know why? “I love my brother more than anything in this life,” Rey stated, keeping eye contact with Poe the whole time. “And I’ll choose his happiness over mine every time. Finn is the best thing in our lives. So never lose sight of the fact that you had the best fiancee.” Poe didn’t get to say everything he wanted to say, but it was clear that he wasn’t wanted here. And he couldn’t imagine Finn would want to see him. Especially when he had just heard that Finn was trying to be okay again. He and Rey stood up, and he was going to respectfully say his goodbye. Once more, she spoke over him. “Keep this conversation in mind when you apologize to him.” She walked out of the room. He turned to Jess, who looked as surprised as he felt. “Pava, what just happened?” “Don’t question a miracle, dude,” she said, lightly punching him in the shoulder. “Rey’s not a malicious person. She told you that she’d choose her brother’s happiness over hers, right?" She went back and turned on the stove. She waited for it to heat up before continuing to fry burgers. She started whistling. He was shocked at how normal and domestic everything suddenly was. He sat at the counter. “I’m not even sure I can ever make him happy again.” Poe waited for some kind of response, but she happily cooked dinner. After a while, she faced him. “Finn is kind to a fault,” she said. “He may forgive you, he may not. These things are complicated. But if you really love him, you have to try.” “I do love him.” “Then it’s time to prove it. And you better hope Finn still loves you too.” Poe came here ready to talk to Finn. But with the draining conversation with Rey, he definitely had to re-build his courage. He hardly had time to think when he heard a car door slam shut. “Shit. He’s early.” Jess turned off the stove and removed her red apron. She smiled at Poe before leaving the room. “Good luck, man! I was looking forward to us being in-laws. I hope you two can make up.” Soon enough, she was in the guest room. He knew she’d be listening in. His heartbeat sped up when he heard the door unlocking. He wondered if he should go open it for him. Would Finn be shocked, or would he have seen Poe’s car down the street? He ended up staying by the counter, near the kitchen entrance. The door opened, and his breathing stopped. The voice neared the kitchen and he was frozen. “Jess, I was right! Nines was the one caught sleeping in the stall. Gimme my ten dollars—” Finn was instantly in the kitchen entrance, staring at him. Poe felt so exposed right then. He swore his heart was never going to beat right throughout this conversation. “Finn… I need to talk to you.” Notes: Thank you for reading! Chapter 8 : It's Quiet Uptown Summary: Hux and Poe's relationships are practically nonexistent. They try to repair them before there's nothing left to fix. Notes: I am so sorry for taking so long! I only meant to take a short break and then I got distracted with another fanfic. But thank you for sticking with me and being patient! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Hux wasn’t heartless. At least, he didn’t think he was. But after his conversation with Dameron, he heard the way he talked about Kylo. Now, Dameron was the last person he wanted to listen to, but he’s the one that approached him. He was the only one he could talk to. It was shockingly helpful, but something that was said bothered him. “Don’t you love him?” Poe demanded. His eyes were hard, obviously condemning his behavior. He was clearly distressed, hearing the way he spoke of his husband. He rationalized it to himself on the way home. He was a hypocrite. He had the nerve to ask him that when he betrayed his own fiancee. Dameron didn’t know anything about him or his relationship with Ren, aside from what he told him. Hux sat on the sofa in the living room, stress-knitting a scarf. His hands were sore from keeping them in one position most the time, but he had to keep himself busy. His relationship was falling apart, and he needed to work up the courage to face Kylo. He always considered Kylo Ren a whiny pissbaby, even before he met him. At a first glance, Hux knew he was in for the worst blind date of his life. Kylo Ren wore all black and had scruffy black hair. He was a guy that hated his parents and over-glorified his grandfather. He constantly glared and seemed to hate everyone. But if there was something Hux liked about him from that first meeting, it was that he had the nerve to be so… him. He didn’t fake anything out of amiability. Hux hated the way his hair was let down naturally, the way he couldn’t tie his tie properly, the way he would chew with his mouth open. Kylo was energetic, but only worked out of spite. He hated him, yet he interested him so much. Hux knew exactly what his problem was. Ren was demanding, hard working, and vindictive. He was so focused on everything negative in his life that he didn’t pay Hux the attention he needed. He was ready to tell that to Kylo’s face. He dwelled on that thought for the next few hours. He had a reason to be angry. He was the victim here. To convince himself, he repeated those thoughts, but there was a moment where those words no longer reached him. And in that moment, his Kylo opened the front door and walked in. Hux jumped in his seat, setting his crafts on the cushion beside him. He wasn’t prepared for this, but he had to say something. He stood up and moved toward him. “Ren, please talk to me,” he requested quietly. He hyped himself up to think of the best way to go about this. He didn’t go to that god-forsaken filthy motel for no reason. Kylo’s expression showed no sign of emotion, and no hint that he had even heard him. Hux huffed and waited for him to hand his coat on the rack before grabbing his hand. He thought he may have been a bit too forceful when his husband immediately shot a glare at him. Hux faltered on the spot. Even after all these weeks, Kylo hadn’t looked at him like that. Of course, there was no implied threat of violence, but he definitely was not happy. He squeezed his hand harder when he tried to get around him and to the staircase “Ren, stop it!” Hux pulled him so that they were facing each other again. He sighed as Ren attempted to avert his eyes. “Ben Solo,” he called him. If he refused to look at him after that, then he may have just given up right there. Luckily for him, his husband was extremely predictable. He was looking at him with contempt and bewilderment. “I want to talk to you Ren,” he repeated louder. “Well I don’t,” he shouted right back. “I don’t know why—” “Ren, I fucked Poe Dameron!” Kylo flinched and looked away as if he’d been slapped. “I fucked Poe Dameron because you asked me to!” Hux was aware that he was hurting his husband, but it had to be said. “You asked me to because you wanted to be like your grandfather. This is what you wanted. I did what you asked for!” Kylo pulled his arm out of his grip. He slowly faced Hux again, who was getting nervous. “You’re right,” he said quietly, an edge in his voice. “I agreed to something stupid without thinking. But I did it for us!” “You did it for you!” “Really?” He stepped closer, forcing Hux’s back to the wall. He put his hands out to Kylo’s chest, trying to push him back a bit. Kylo grabbed his hands to stop him. Hux kept his eyes down. His heart was beating so loudly he could have sworn his husband heard it. “I wanted to be successful. But I wanted to do it for you. No one wants to be married to a failure.” Hux felt his anger subside, and his expression softened. Hearing his husband speak so honestly was a bit jarring. He tried to get a word in, but he wasn’t having it. Kylo ran a hand through Hux’s hair, which strangely had no product in it. “I’m sorry I agreed,” he admitted quietly. “I knew you were being sarcastic, but my pride wouldn’t let me say no. “I wanted to be like my grandfather and impress the ones I love. Anakin Skywalker is the face of success, and I’m a disgrace to his name.” He paused and moved away from Hux. He backed up so he was no longer right in his face. “I’m ashamed that you’re stuck with me as a husband.” Hux still stood with his back against the wall, in shock over the sheer intensity of their talk. Hell, he couldn’t believe that he was feeling guilty. Just a few minutes ago, he was ready to tear into Kylo. He wanted to tell him how lonely he was every time he abandoned him to keep writing. But now he felt wrong even for talking to him like he did. “Is that what you wanted to hear?” Kylo repeated back to him. He was at a loss for words. What could he even say after that? He was so sure of himself earlier. “I just— I didn’t…” Kylo stared at him, encouraging him to continue. His breathing hitched, and he didn’t know what to do. He hadn’t felt so helpless in such a long time. He blinked rapidly to be sure there were no tears. This shouldn’t have been so hard for him. He slid down the wall until he was sitting and hiding his face in his hands. “If anything, you’re the one who’s stuck with a shitty husband.” Kylo stepped over and sat right next to him. He put his arm over Hux’s shoulders tightly. “I’m so sorry for betraying you,” Hux whispered. “I’m so sorry.” “We’re both shitty husbands.” He moved so his head was laying on Ren’s shoulder. They sat like that for a while in silence. Reflecting on his behavior was not fun. He was stupid for even joking about it while he knew his husband was vulnerable. His husband let him sleep with someone he hated. Neither of them should have acted the way that they did. Though Hux knew that what he did was far worse. At this point, he knew what he would have done. If he was Kylo, he would have kicked him out of the house. “What do we do?” “Do you still love me?” He raised his head. Kylo’s eyes were desperate, threatening to spill tears any second. Hux leaned forward and pressed a soft kiss on his lips. “I do,” he whispered. Kylo exhaled in relief, his face relaxing. “Then maybe we can learn to be less shitty together.” Hux nodded. He leaned up and kissed his neck, moving up to his jaw, then his mouth. They sat on the floor, pressed soft kisses on each other. Kylo's mouth was rough against his. Hux murmured apologies against his lips. "Shh, I know. I know." Kylo pulled away. He ran his hand through Hux's hair, resting it on his cheek. Hux placed his hand over his husband's. He leaned in close and whispered, "I am all yours." Seeing the brightness in Kylo's eyes never made him feel so happy. *** Finn’s life had been far different in the past few weeks than it had ever been. He’d spent a few weeks in a big house alone. He was almost so devoid of hope that he was considering calling Poe. He didn’t know why he would, but it would have been helpful to hear someone’s voice. A few weeks into his isolation, Rey and Jess moved in with him. They slowly, but surely began to mend the hole in his heart. Of course, thinking about Poe still hurt, but he still had love in his life. His emotions varied when they were around. He cried with them, he laughed with them, he did everything with them. Jessika mocked their skills in the kitchen, so she usually made dinner or had them order something for delivery. Rey went out for interviews and occasionally forgot to drive on the right side of the road, making them fear for her life and criminal record. He went to work as usual, and tried to learn how to move on. The living situation was far different than what he was used to. He hadn’t lived with his sister for a while, and he never lived with Jess. But it was nice. They cared about him. He was looking forward to coming home and winning a bet against his sister in law. He unlocked the door and opened it to find that no one was in the living room. That was odd. Usually they’d be watching tv or something. “Jess, I was right!” He called to alert them that he was here. “Nines was the one caught sleeping in the stall.” The more he thought about it, Jess was probably making dinner. He sped walked to the kitchen. “Gimme my ten dollars—” Finn stopped at the kitchen entrance. He felt the need to cover himself, as if he was exposed. He lowered his arms to his sides, unsure of what to do. His chest tightened and he was forgetting how to properly breathe. “Finn.” Poe seemed just as surprised by his entrance. His eyes anxiously looked him up and down. Finn swore his voice had a physical impact on his body. He took a few steps back. This couldn’t be real. “I need to talk to you.” Poe moved closer to him, and he couldn’t move. He was wearing the same button-up shirt he did on the day he left. Seeing that brought back all the emotions from that day. He started hyperventilating. When Poe was too close, Finn held his hand out to stop him. His palm brushed against his chest. “Get out,” Finn demanded in a trembling voice. “Finn—” “I’m not ready to talk to you, so please leave!” “No, I’m not leaving.” Poe’s tone was gentle, but still confident. He grabbed Finn’s outstretched hand, bringing it down and softly squeezing it. “You don’t have to forgive me or take me back. I know I don’t deserve you Finn. But hear me out. That would be enough.” Finn didn’t say anything. Poe’s hand was on his. His stomach turned at the thought of how nice it was. He turned his gaze down to the floor. “There are moments where just words don’t reach,” Poe started, not letting go of his hand. “I’ve just been drinking away my feelings and pushing away the unimaginable.” He hesitantly glanced up at him. Poe was keeping his gaze on their intertwined hands. His brows were furrowed, deep in thought. “The moment I was in too deep, it felt easier to just swim down.” His speaking was easily recognizable by Finn. Whenever Poe needed to get across something serious, that was when the writer in him came forward. He subconsciously lifted his other hand and placed it on top of their intertwined hands. Poe looked up at him, clearly in shock. He nodded, as if encouraging himself to speak. He straightened up to look Finn in the eye. “I spent weeks in a motel room. I walked alone to store so I could just keep drinking. Pathetic, I know. It was torture to be there, only in the presence of a drink and a bible in the bedside table. It was quiet uptown.” He paused and looked at him, as if making sure he was still listening. “I never liked the quiet before. Finn tried to imagine him living in a dirty motel. He knew how Poe used to be accustomed to his life in poverty. He tried to push down the rising sympathy he felt for him. But he couldn't stop it. Poe may have hurt him, but he didn't want him to live that way. He still cared about his well-being. “I can’t pretend to know the challenges we’re facing,” Poe admitted quietly. “I know I can’t replace the love we lost. And you need time. “But I’m not afraid.” Finn’s heartbeat was so strong, he feared Poe would be able to hear it. “I know who I proposed to. If I could just stay by your side, that would be enough.” He dropped his hands from Poe’s. He sat on the couch nearby and took a deep breath. Poe stayed where he was, watching him. He ran a hand through his hair, anticipating what Finn was going to say. Finn was hurt by him once, and it was the biggest embarrassment in his life. Poe wasn’t sure what he was expecting, but he still loved him. He didn’t want to give up on everything. “The night you left. Did you hear what I said?” Finn watched Poe struggle to remember what exactly he was talking about. It was over a month ago, but he remembered what he said perfectly. “I made no promise to forgive you, but I told you that you’d sleep in your office,” he reminded him. He saw a ray of hope in Poe’s eyes. He swallowed and nodded slowly. Poe exhaled loudly and took a step closer to where Finn sat. Finn’s chest still ached with every word Poe said, and with every time he so much as looked at him. No matter how angry he was, he still heard the sincerity in his words. He felt the soft tone send butterflies through his stomach. He thought he was going to be stronger than this, but his heart couldn’t lie. He still loved Poe, and he believed that Poe loved him to. But he wasn’t going to excuse him from his actions. They had rebuilding to do. “Stay here, Poe. I’m not ready to forgive you, but I want to try.” Poe walked over to the couch where Finn sat. His hands almost reached out to him, but fell to his sides. “Finn, I…” His eyes wandered around the room. “Thank you,” he sighed. With Poe standing so close to him, Finn was sure he was going to throw up. He stood up suddenly, making him flinch. He held out his hand. Poe stared at it, taken aback. Hesitantly, he took it, turning his hand to kiss his palm. Finn was ready to pull away from him. After what he said, he should have known better than to let him do this. But it was a nice gesture. Poe let go of him and headed upstairs to his office. Finn stood there, in shock over what happened. He felt a bit proud of himself. He didn't say much, but he controlled what happened. It was his decision. He didn't know whether this would end well or not. But at least he didn't feel so helpless. Notes: We're nearing the end of our journey! I hope you'll stick around for the final chapter