The first time Hux meets Ben Solo he's at a school party, wrapped in uncertainty and vulnerability. Phasma's dragged him over to the "party of the century," or so she had said. While having promised to stay at his side the entire time, she's abandoned him by the kitchen, probably off to go chase the next cute girl she finds. He knew she wasn't going to keep her promise, but he still dreaded it. As much as Hux loves her, she just doesn't understand his aversion to parties. Phasma is tall and prominent, looking like a mess and like she's got her shit together at the same time. She scrawls poetry on the bathroom stalls of grocery stores, she sings loudly in the middle of empty streets at two in the morning, she kisses people she will never know — Phasma's got her shit together in the only way a teenager can: loudly and messily and wildly. Hux is practically her complete opposite. He stays in Friday nights doing homework, he organizes his room when he gets bored, and he's never even kissed anyone. Phasma always tells him that there's got to be a party animal somewhere inside of him, but he always assures her that he's just a dreadfully boring person. It probably seems like he's got his shit together on the outside, but he really always feels kind of sad. Phasma is never sad. Hux sighs, swirling around the mysterious alcoholic substance in his cup. He's fairly certain there's more than just alcohol in this, so he doesn't deign to drink it. He just carries it around so no one will try to offer him more. "So," a deep yet quiet voice says, startling him. "were you dragged here too?" Hux turns to look at the person with wide eyes. It's a boy around his age — sixteen or seventeen, only a few inches taller than him and wider-set, with long, black hair and greenish-hazel eyes. Hux can't quite tell with the darkness in the room. There's a lopsided smirk on his face, and even as he leans on the counter, Hux feels tremendously small compared to him. "Oh," Hux says awkwardly, half-smiling and brushing his hair out of his face. "How did you know?" The lopsided smirk on the boy's face turns into a full-on grin. "I was taken here by my sister, Rey, and I figured you looked about as uncomfortable as I felt, so just thought I'd keep you company." "How nice of you," Hux says, looking away from the boy to hide his blush. "Well, if I'm really being honest, I also just thought you were really cute," the boy replies, winking as Hux looks at him in mild shock. "Oh - um - you're cute too," Hux says, inwardly cringing. It's absolutely typical of him to be painfully unsocial the moment he gets approached by a guy who's actually cute. "I'm Ben," the boy says, stretching out his hand. "Hux," Hux replies, taking Ben's hand and shaking it. It feels warm, but not uncomfortably so. Just a nice warm. "So," Ben says, letting go of Hux's hand and placing his hand on the counter. "In risk of sounding incredibly cliche, I'm have to say — tell me about yourself." "Oh," Hux says, letting out a small breath. "There's really not much to tell. I like to read, study, write — all those nerdy things. I'm sorry to say that I'm a very dull person." "I'm having a hard time believing that," Ben says, pushing his hair out of his face. "And anyways, all that nerdy stuff is adorable, and it's not bad to be smart. It's very attractive, in my slightly humble opinion." Hux smiles, and it is small, but it is still there. "I'm glad you find it so appealing. But what about you? You seem far more interesting than me." "I don't know," Ben says, shrugging and looking down at Hux. "I like music, and I play a bunch of instruments. I'm not very studious, but I'm a sucker for poetry. And engineering, too. I'm pretty good at it." Hux bites his lip. "I think you win." "Well," Ben replies, grinning. "I think we both do." "Oh!" Phasma's voice interjects, and Hux feels his hand being yanked. "There you are —" she pauses for a moment, nodding her head to Ben. "I've got someone you've got to meet." She turns to Ben. "Sorry, Solo, gotta steal this one away." Ben smiles, though looking a bit off-put. "No problem, Phasma." "But —" Hux begins as Phasma pulls him away. He reaches into his pocket with his now free other hand and pulls out his student information card, throwing it toward Ben. It deflects off Ben's shoulder and onto the counter. "Call me!" Hux yells back, finally letting Phasma drag him away. -—- The second time he meets Ben Solo, it's in a far worse place than a party. Hux attempts to maneuver his way through the crowd of students, dreading the day he was cursed with weak physique and long, awkward legs. Usually, he just holds onto Phasma as she shoves her way past everyone, but Phasma isn't even here, incidentally. Hux mildly wants to strangle her for disappearing when he needs her most, but she could probably throw him across the football field, so he's not going to do that. He thinks of Ben, with his long arms and legs and wide shoulders — Ben could probably help him out of this sea of perspiration and PDA, but Ben isn't here. Ben hasn't been anywhere, as of late, considering Hux cannot seem to find him. It would take a lot to get him to admit it, but it is the truth that he clung on to his phone desperately for three days waiting for Ben to call him, but to no avail. It really isn't that big of a deal; there are other people in the world. Admittedly less cute people, but still, he could do better. He's probably just being stupid and needy, anyways. Ben never promised him anything, and maybe he didn't even live near here. Maybe that time was his only shot, and Phasma blew it for him. Fuck, he wishes Phasma wasn't so tall and able to kick his ass. "Rey!" someone yells loudly next to his ear. He winces, placing his hand over said ear and turning. It was the new kid, Frank or Phil or something. Hux vaguely recognizes the name, and he pauses for a few seconds, letting everyone else shove past him. Then, it hits him. Rey, as in Ben's sister? As fast as his legs can carry him (which is kind of fast), he runs after whatever his name is, unsure as to whether or not he was making the right decision. It takes him only a few seconds to find what's his face standing next to a girl and some other hot guy. Panting, he walks up to them, trying not to look to desperate. "Excuse me," he says, and the girl turns to look at him, frowning. "Um, I'm Hux — are you Rey as in Ben Solo's sister?" She narrows her eyes, looking him down. "Why do you want to know?" The hot guy and what's his face stand at either side of her, and they probably would've looked more intimidating if they weren't all four inches shorter than him. "He's got something of mine," Hux says, carefully. "I need it back." "Hmm," she says, lilting her head to the side and squinting further. He smiles, awkwardly, trying not to look any of them in the eye. "Wait —" she begins, waving her finger at him. "You're hot party guy! Guy who threw his I.D. at Ben! Oh, Ben was right — you are hot." Hux frowns. "He talked about me?" "I can see the hotness," what's his face says, looking over at hot guy who's nodding his head. "Thank you all very much, but I do really need to talk to him," Hux says, wringing his hands and trying not to look too perturbed. "He doesn't go here, but you could probably find him at Hot Topic or something," Hot guy says, snickering until Rey elbows him in the stomach. What's his face pats hot guy on the shoulder while hot guy pouts. "Here, come with me," Rey says, waving her hand. "I live with the guy, and you both seem pretty eager to meet each other." Hux lets her drag him outside the school to a dirty van, where she hops in the front seat and pats the passenger seat. "You get to sit in front because you're hot and Ben hasn't stopped talking about you. Finn, Poe, in the back. Hot guy and what's his face — Poe and Finn, he presumes — groan, giving him disdainful looks as they get into the back of the van. He shrugs, opening the door and sitting in the seat. It doesn't take long for them to get to what is probably Rey's house, considering she drove like a maniac the entire time. Hux only mildly regrets getting himself into this mess as he wearily steps out of the van, stumbling. "It's alright," Rey says, looking amused. "They all get whiplash the first time." The three of them enter the house in silence, and Hux is sure that he isn't the only one feeling awkward. But there isn't enough room for awkward in his mind when he sees Ben sitting on the couch, flipping through a book. "Benny boo," Rey shouts, apparently startling Ben as he jumps and drops the book in his lap. "We found hot party guy, and we've brought him to you!" Hux turns to look at her and she winks, grabbing Finn and Poe and yanking them up the stairs, giggling about Ben and Hux, probably. "Um - I - hey," Ben says, grinning in an unintentional sort of way. "Hey," Hux replies, though it comes out quieter than intended. "So, uh, why didn't you call?" "What? Oh! —" Ben turns red, looking around as if something in the room could help him answer the question. "I, well, honestly, I've been trying to come up with what to say to you." Hux raises his eyebrows. "For three days?" Ben groans, face-palming. "I know, but you were — are, really cute and I'm awkward and I'm sorry." Hux laughs, despite himself, at the look on Ben's face. "If it makes you feel any better, I probably wouldn't have noticed you being awkward, seeing as I think you're also incredibly hot. You absolute dork." Ben smiles, taking a step toward him. Hux doesn't back away, oddly, because he doesn't want to. If anything, his mind is urging him to move closer . "I'm glad to hear that," and that is all it takes for Hux to take another step forward, and now their faces are really close together, and he can feel Ben's breath on his lips and if he only moves a little bit closer then they'll be — "Ben!" a man's voice calls. "We're home!" Ben jumps back, as does Hux. They're both blushing tremendously. "I am so sorry," Ben whispers to him, looking toward the door. A man and a woman, whom Hux assume are Ben's parents are standing there. They both have their eyebrows raised, smiling in a way that makes Hux want to set himself on fire. "So," Ben's mom says, putting her purse down on the small table at the entrance. "Is this your... friend, Ben?" Ben winces. "Uh, mom, dad, this is Hux. Hux, mom and dad. So anyway, we've got to go, uh, study and stuff, so yeah. C'mon Hux —" "Well, if Mr. Hux is going to be here, he should stay for dinner," Ben's dad suggests, smirking. Ben softly groans, staring at Hux apologetically. "I - um, I'd love to," Hux says politely, smiling as best as he can and hoping it doesn't look too much like a grimace. "Wonderful," Ben's mom says. "I'm sure we'll all love you." -—- The third time they meet, while it does go admittedly better, is still mildly disastrous. And it's all Phasma's fault. Again. Hux wants to know what he did to Phasma to make him deserve this as her and Ben sit together in Phasma's room, laughing about every single embarrassing thing that's ever happened to Hux. It's only his luck that Phasma's been there for nearly every awkward moment in his life, and is also willing to recount them to cute boys whom Hux wants to make good impressions on. "— so he just fell!" Phasma says, laughing almost hysterically. Ben isn't much better, grabbing his stomach as he doubles over laughing. Hux groans, burying his face in his hands. If there has ever been a time where he has actually wanted to set both himself and Phasma on fire, it is this moment. "Are you serious? In front of 500 people and your entire class?" "Yes, yes," Hux mutters angrily. "I fell in front of a bunch of people. Ha, ha, it's hilarious." He's going to curse the fuck out of Phasma after this is over. Hux hates humiliation, and he hates Phasma, and for the sake of time and his mental well-being he's just going to decide that he hates everything at this point. In all fairness, he had realized that introducing Phasma to Ben in more depth than the two already knew each other was a bad idea, but he hadn't known Phasma was going to recount the entire awkward shitstorm that was his life. "Oh, calm down," Phasma says, practically pulling Hux onto her lap and hugging him. "We're just joking around, and I'm sure Solo still thinks you're top notch. Right, Solo?" "Completely," Ben says, raising his can of soda. "Hux is the greatest." At this Hux blushes, pulling himself out of Phasma's grip and back next to Ben. "I hate the both of you. But, yes, I am the greatest." "Hmm," Ben sighs, grabbing Hux's hand. "You love me." Hux tries not to smile. "You wish, Benjamin." "You two are painfully cute. I kind of want to gag and 'aw' at the same time," Phasma says, smiling and tilting her head to the side. Hux glares at her. She winks. He painstakingly reminds himself that murder is illegal, and that there's probably a lack of cute boys and books in prison. "Welp," Phasma says, throwing her empty can of soda to the side. "Gotta go to the loo, boys. Be right back." Hux watches her turn the corner out of the room, and then turns to Ben, who's staring at him and grinning. Hux feels heat rising to his cheeks and he looks down, letting out a small breath. They both remain silent, for a small while. Ben's hand still feels the same: warm and nice and secure, in a way, like Hux's hand is and always has been meant to be there. That thought makes him feel like he's in a shitty teenage movie, but he can't quite bring himself to care. "I hope Phasma didn't scare you away too much," Hux says softly, glancing at Ben for a few seconds. "No, I don't think anything could scare me away from you," Ben says, and Hux can practically hear the smile in his voice. Ben's comment makes Hux want to groan and kiss Ben at the same time, and he thinks he knows what the better option is. "Hey," Ben says, gently grabbing Hux's chin. "Look at me." Hux obliges, looking up to find their faces only centimeters apart. His breath hitches, and he blinks, too distracted to even try to hide his blush. Ben's eyes are so pretty and Ben is so pretty and they're so close and Hux thinks he might just explode. Just a little bit closer, he just needs to lean in, and then -- "I'm back, lovelies," Phasma announces, pulling her pants up a little bit. She looks toward the two, who have sprung apart further than Hux thought was possible. "What did I miss?" "Nothing," Hux says far too quickly, wringing his hands. "Absolutely nothing," Ben reiterates, pushing his hair behind his ear. "Well then," Phasma says, sitting between Hux and Ben. "Shall we continue?" "Okay," Ben says, looking over at Hux, who's looking over at him. The look is meaningful. Ben nods his head ever so slightly, some strands of hair falling into his face. "Okay," Hux breathes, half-smiling and looking down. Phasma narrows her eyes, looking between the two of them. "Are you sure I didn't interrupt something?" "Yes," Ben says, looking at her and grinning. "I've never been more sure of something in my entire life." -—- The fourth time Ben and Hux meet has to be Hux's favorite. It's still awkward and terribly disastrous, but things kind of work out, in the end. It's cold, the kind of cold that wraps itself around you and holds on. Hux has always been fond of the cold, but it feels empty today. He doesn't quite like it. School has been occupying most of his life, with finals coming up in just a few weeks. This is the first time he's been out of either his house or school for a month or so. He had deemed it appropriate to ask Ben to hang out with him, sans Phasma, or Ben's parents, or anyone else that could interrupt the two of them. Besides, he just likes to see Ben, to talk to him and laugh with him. It's like when they held hands — they fit well together, and Hux can't think of anyone else he'd rather be talking to. And so what if he's sort of turned into the protagonist of a badly-produced romcom? He can be a walking cliche if he wants to, and if it involves Ben, then he certainly doesn't mind. "Wow, Hux," Ben's voice resonates in his ears, making the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. "You're so small that I wonder how you keep warm in such weathers." "Shut up, you brick," Hux says, turning toward Ben and rolling his eyes. "Just because I'm not seven feet tall doesn't mean I can't get warm." "Is that why you wear that jacket that, may I mention, is about nine sizes too big for you?" Ben asks, laughing and dodging the punch Hux throws at his arm. "Let me live, Benjamin," Hux says, pouting. "Alright," Ben says, rolling his eyes. "Only because you look cute when you're angry." Hux raises an eyebrow. "I'm always cute." "True," Ben replies, winking. Hux huffs indignantly, turning up his nose. "I should've gone out with Phasma." "No, not really," Ben says, smirking. "And why not?" Ben wraps his arms around Hux's waist, pulling him close. Hux is too stunned to respond, staring into Ben's hazel-green eyes. They're finally here, and Hux lets out a small breath of relief. And Ben, he's still smirking, and they both lean in slowly and Hux's heart is beating so quickly he can't be sure whether he's more alive or dead and — and then it happens. Ben's lips are as soft as Hux expected them to be, warm and absolutely wonderful. Hux wraps his arms around Ben's neck, tilting his head to the side just a tiny bit. His heart is pounding and his hands are shaking and he's kissing Ben Solo. He opens his mouth a tiny bit, letting Ben slip in his tongue. Hux runs his hands through Ben's hair, brushing his tongue against Ben's bottom lip. Ben moans, softly, pulling away. They both pant, taking a moment to catch their breath. "I've been wanting to do that ever since we met," Ben breathes, smiling in that lopsided way he always does. "Me too," Hux says, far too deliriously happy to say anything dignified. "That was intense," Rey yells, and both Hux and Ben turn to see her, Finn, and Poe standing across the small courtyard of the park, smiling and waving. Ben flips them off, rolling his eyes as Rey pouts and Finn and Poe dramatically mimic their kiss. Hux laughs, for no other reason than this is incredibly awkward, but it's also the best thing that's ever happened to him, and he's just kissed Ben Solo, and he doesn't regret a goddamn thing. "You go, big bro," Rey yells, pumping her fist. "Get some!" Ben shakes his head, an amused smile playing on his lips. "Shut up, Rey!" Rey smiles, flipping him off in return and dragging Finn and Poe away. Hux watches them go, and turns toward Ben, who's blushing. "Does being a cock-block run in the family?" Hux asks, laughing as Ben rolls his eyes and drags him to a bench. "You're actually the worst," Ben mutters, pulling Hux onto his lap. Hux turns his body to look at Ben. "I'm the greatest, actually," he says, smirking. "You said so yourself." "Whatever," Ben says, flicking Hux's arm. "So, which one of our meetings do you think has turned out the best?" "Well, I'm particularly enjoying this one," Hux says, shrugging. "Yeah, but which one wins?" Ben asks, looking at Hux expectantly. Hux looks around, breathing in the cool air. Everything feels right, like this is the way he's supposed to be, wrapped up in the mess that is Ben Solo. Perhaps in his life he's wanted something more, some dramatic and tragic and romantic grand gesture, and this is very far from that. Hux is cold, and his fingertips are numb, and his hair is messed up, and he couldn't care less. He is decidedly in sort of love with Ben Solo, and nothing and no one could possibly change that. Fuck grand gestures. Hux grins, pushing Ben's hair out of his face. "I don't know. I think they all do." Ben mirrors his grin. "Quit stealing my lines, babe." "Hmm," Hux sighs, leaning his forehead against Ben's. "I think you're going to have to convince me." "Oh," Ben says, raising an eyebrow. "And how am I going to do that?" "Well," Hux replies. "I can think of something ." -—- Notes: this is trash. i hope you guys enjoy.