Hux had been alerted to the chaos Kylo Ren was creating in the infirmary. When he got there, he was thankful Kylo didn’t have his lightsaber with him or the amount of damage would have been unthinkable. There was glass everywhere on the floor as well as chairs, tables and medical equipment all over the place. The medical staff was cowering at the entrance. Only two stormtroopers were trying to calm Kylo down but it was useless. “Out everyone,” Hux ordered immediately. “I said out!” He repeated when the stormtroopers hesitated before leaving. He was glad he got there in time or he was sure Kylo would’ve killed someone sooner rather than later. The staff disappeared quickly and Hux took a second to punch in the code to lock the door as soon as they were alone. It had been over a week since the Starkiller Base incident and to be completely truthful, Hux was surprised it had taken Kylo this long to have an outburst. Kylo was still pale but the scar on his face was healing nicely and he was obviously strong enough to be able to throw a tantrum. “Kylo,” Hux started only to be interrupted by the sound of more glass breaking and Kylo’s shriek of anger and frustration. “I failed! I failed Supreme Leader Snoke. I failed myself!” Kylo yelled, wild in his ire. Hux could see him clutching his side in pain, surely the stitches wouldn’t hold forever. “You are alive, that’s what matters.” “I am a failure!” “You are alive,” he repeated. And then he was forced to say something he never wanted to admit out loud but he felt it was the best way to help defuse the situation. “You’re our greatest asset and we need you alive. You shall have your revenge against those who humiliated you and the First Order.” That seemed to appease something in Kylo. He stopped his pacing, abruptly turning to look at Hux. Hux was almost worried that he’d use the Force to choke the life out of him for a moment when he took in the frightening intensity of his eyes. “You think so?” he asked. Hux was confused for a second. He frowned. “I know so.” “No!” he yelled again. Hux was glad he was so good at keeping himself in check otherwise he might’ve jumped out of his skin. They were both too tense. “ You think I’m valuable?” Hux swallowed, suddenly worried about the turn this conversation was taking. However, he saw no other path to pursue. “I do.” Kylo laughed miserably then and Hux could swear his eyes were wet. He had heard Kylo sobbing brokenly on that day when he brought him back to the ship more dead than alive. It was not a sound that pleased him. It tugged at something in his chest that Hux would much rather ignore. “Do I have any value to you now?” he asked, sounding desperate. “Like this?” He motioned to his face. Hux’s frown deepened. He was concerned about his appearance? Sure the scar was new but Hux didn’t think much of it other than that it was the reminder of Kylo’s mortality, something he didn’t like to dwell on. “You’re no less capable because of a scar,” he said. It was the wrong answer. “That is not it!” Kylo yelled in rage and a chair flew past Hux to slam into the wall. Abruptly, Kylo seemed to lose all his strength and he would’ve toppled to the floor if not for Hux’s reflexes. He caught him just in time, dragging him to sit on a treatment table before he could react. When Kylo looked up at him he could see that he had actual tears in his eyes. There was a fresh track on his cheek and Hux moved his hand to wipe it but Kylo turned his face away. He rubbed at his eyes furiously, trying to dry them off. Hux could see more than ever just how little control Kylo had over himself. He was sure Kylo would never cry in the presence of anyone if he was able to hold it back. “I’m deformed now. The reminder of my failure is etched into my face. How can you wish to keep looking upon it?” he forced out, his chest heaving both out of breathlessness and pain. His hand was clutching his side where his deeper wound was. Suddenly, Hux understood what he meant. It had never even crossed Hux’s mind that Kylo would be less desirable because of the scar. He was just relieved Kylo was alive and that was all the damage he had sustained. “You think I’d cast you aside because of this?” he reaches out to trail a finger down Kylo’s scar. “Because you’re not as appealing anymore?” Hux had come to know just how desperate Kylo was for attention, touch and care so this shouldn’t come as a surprise but even so. He could see the answer in the way Kylo’s jaw tightened even if his red rimmed eyes never wavered from Hux’s face. It was ridiculous. Kylo was still attractive in Hux’s eyes. The scar had been red and angry before but now it was pink, running down the side of his face. It did nothing to disrupt the feelings Hux got whenever he saw Kylo’s face. If anything, it intensified them because it was a reminder of how Kylo could’ve been lost to him. Hux shook his head. “I should cast you aside but not because of this scar.” This thing between them had already gone too far but there was no way to hop off the train now. Hux didn’t think he’d be capable of doing that even If he wanted to. And he couldn’t imagine Kylo would ever let him. They had set the fire and they had let it burn. He half-expected Kylo to flinch at his words but his eyes followed Hux, his expression suddenly expectant. “What does that mean?” he asked. The words were spoken quietly but the deep rumble of his voice still managed to make the hairs in the back of Hux’s head stand up. “Can’t you read my mind?” “You told me not to.” Hux huffed. “Has that ever stopped you before?” Kylo actually smiled at that. He had the gall to smile after all this. “I suppose not.” He reached for Hux’s hand and grabbed it, pressing it against his face again. He did so hesitantly, almost afraid Hux would pull his hand back. “I could read your mind but I’d like to hear it. Would you say it?” he asked. There was something pleading in his voice that made Hux want to turn on his heels and leave the room lest he get pulled even deeper into this. He looked into Kylo’s eyes for a moment, trying to decide if he really wanted to put this out in the open. It’d be admitting to himself the truth he had been wanting to escape almost ever since he laid eyes on Kylo’s face for the first time. He let out a heavy sigh at last, letting his thumb caress soothingly over the scar crossing Kylo’s face. It was ridiculous how afraid he had felt when he saw Kylo lying in the snow. He thought nothing of fulfilling the Supreme Leader’s orders at first. It was only natural that he was ordered to rescue their biggest asset but seeing Kylo impossibly pale, all the red snow around him, had made something twist and turn in his chest. “This is dangerous,” he finally said. “If we were to be discovered I would be done for.” That was the hardest part, admitting that he wasn’t as irreplaceable as Kylo Ren was. He was sure the Supreme Leader knew that not many people could be as ruthless and efficient as Hux but he wasn’t a Force wielder nor was he Snoke’s precious prodigy. If push came to shove, Snoke would rather sacrifice him than Kylo Ren. “I wouldn’t let him,” Kylo said almost immediately, gripping Hux’s hand in his. He sounded so desperate. He had grown attached to Hux, the only source of comfort he had access to. Kylo was so needy, Hux could imagine that it might be quite a blow for Kylo to lose him. Hux smiled sardonically at that. “You’d just make things harder if you tried to get in the way.” Even so, it pleased him that Kylo would be willing to go against his master for him. However, he couldn’t deny that it aggravated him knowing that if Snoke decided to spare him it would be because he decided Kylo Ren was entitled to a toy, and that was as unbearable as the alternative. “Hux.” Kylo tried sitting up but his head was still dizzy from the pain and from his earlier outburst. He was forced to sit back down. “It doesn’t matter. I won’t cast you aside now even if my,” Hux paused. He hesitated, almost afraid to say it out loud but seeing the way Kylo’s eyes widened ever so slightly at that, he decided to go through with it. There was no turning back whether he said it or not. “Even if my feelings for you are a weakness and a disadvantage.” Kylo breathed out heavily at that. Hux could almost physically see the way he soaked up those words like a sponge, his heart surely thumping in his chest. Had this been any other time, Hux almost expected Kylo to mock him but not now. He didn’t know exactly what had happened between him and Han Solo or between him and that girl but more than ever Kylo seemed to need reassurance and comfort. Hux was the only way he’d ever get those things. “Your feelings for me,” Kylo repeated. His voice was shaky and there was something both nervous and happy about the way he said those words. “Yes,” he acquiesced. He brought his other hand up to cup Kylo’s face. “I assume you also have feelings for me.” Kylo smiled in a way that usually preceded an insult or a less favorable comment about Hux. It still made Hux’s skin crawl to be reminded of Kylo’s absolute arrogance but his touch and gaze didn’t waver. “Perhaps you are correct, General Hux,” he said. “What does that make the both of us?” “Fools,” Hux replied without hesitation. War was no place for something as fragile and tender as feelings, especially not between people like the both of them. They were weapons, used for a greater cause. They were not meant to feel, they were not meant to be involved like this. And yet that didn’t stop Hux from leaning in, kissing Kylo on the lips like he had been wanting to do since he found him lying half-dead in the snow. Kylo kissed back eagerly, spreading his legs so that he could pull Hux closer to him and wrap his arms around him. They kept kissing without the fear of being interrupted or discovered. Everyone had fled the medical bay earlier after all, and Hux had the presence of mind to lock the door when he came in, knowing that encounters with Kylo Ren often had an unforeseen conclusion. When they separated, Kylo didn’t let Hux step away. He held onto him, if using the Force or just his physical strength Hux couldn’t say but he wouldn’t let him move an inch. He laid his head against Hux’s chest, closing his eyes and showing no intention of letting go. It still surprised Hux after all this time just how childish Kylo Ren could act and look. He decided to overlook this occurrence though, and let Kylo indulge while he could. He wrapped one arm around Kylo’s shoulders and ran a hand through his thick dark hair in a way that he knew Kylo found soothing. If he felt Kylo shake and sob faintly as he dug his fingers into Hux's back, Hux made no mention of it and just let him have what he needed. After all, if he hadn’t been there to soothe Kylo and lessen his insecurities who knows what might’ve happened. He didn’t let himself dwell on the thought that this was comforting for him as well. Notes: i'm sorry i'm such a sap i can't help but write fluffy comfort fic even for these two comments and kudos are appreciated! thanks for reading!