When he wakes up he is disoriented. Everything, from the walls surrounding him to the bed on which he is lying, is wrong. He sits upright in one smooth motion, reaching under his pillow for the lightsaber he keeps there, only to find a cool expanse of sheet instead. He begins to panic. He is unarmed, and he has been kidnapped. His gaze sweeps across the room, cataloguing everything as it goes. The bed is large and covered in a thick quilt in varying shades of blue and green, the walls are cream and covered in art he doesn’t recognize, and there is a window that seems to overlook a great deal of water. He tries to remember how this happened. He closes his eyes and he can smell a forest. Tall pine trees and sap and dirt, all mixing together with the scent of his own blood. He had been fighting. He can practically feel the weight of the lightsaber in his hand and the ache in his muscles as he strained around the searing pain in his gut. He had been shot by a wookie bowcaster. By Chewbacca. Though perhaps he had deserved it. Even now, he can see the look on Han Solo’s face. He opens his eyes, pushing thoughts of his father away and focusing instead on his predicament. He slides from the bed, noting that he is completely nude and catching sight of a pair of dun colored trousers crumpled on the floor nearby. He slips them on quietly, buttoning them at the top and realizing that they fit him perfectly. How odd. When he tries the door, he realizes it isn’t locked, and he is even more puzzled. The last thing he can remember is being on Starkiller Base. Searing pain, forgiving eyes, and his red lightsaber twirling in his hands as he fought the scavenger girl. He is jarred by the image of her face in his mind, and something shifts inside of him. “Rey,” he says aloud. Rey from Jakku. The girl . She had been perfect despite her inexperience. Granted, he had been in serious danger of bleeding out when she had fought him, and he had not wanted to see her injured… But for a woman who knew so little about the power she held, she had acquitted herself admirably. A clanging sound from beyond the door and the startling sound of a feminine shriek draws him from the depths of his own memories and into the present. Despite himself, he races from the room and through a bare hallway, towards the now muttering voice he can hear echoing from somewhere close by. He rounds a corner and finds himself in a kitchen. She is standing in front of the sink and her legs are splattered with what looks like batter. At her feet, a metal mixing bowl is on its side, its contents spread all over the floor and the woman who dropped it. He realizes its Rey before he takes note of anything else in the room. She’s older now, but the added years only lend an angular maturity which makes her more striking. Her hair is longer and loose around her shoulders in slight waves that remind him of his mother’s locks when he was a child. She catches sight of him standing in the doorway and the look of frustration she wears melts into one of gentle greeting. “Good Morning,” she says, and to his surprise, he responds. “Morning.” The word feels natural rolling off of his tongue and he lowers his brows in confusion. At the subtle tell, Rey’s eyes widen and then soften once more as she leaves the mixing bowl on the floor and walks towards him. He tenses and she smiles, pausing in her advance. “You had a dream again, didn’t you?” “Dream?” “Memory. They sort of meld together sometimes.” “A memory. I… I was on Starkiller Base.” She frowns but walks forward again until she is standing directly in front of him and she has to tilt her face up to look him in the eye. “But you’re not there any more. You haven’t been there for quite a while.” “I haven’t?” As he asks the question, he realizes she’s right. His memories which seemed so sharp upon waking are already beginning to fade. He can barely feel the dull ache of the wound in his stomach anymore, and he raises a hand to touch the spot where he was hit. He feels only faded scar tissue. “No. It’s been ten years. You’ll remember again in a moment.” Ten years? Ten years. He begins to remember. Being rescued by Hux and returning to Snoke. The ache in his chest at what he had done. The guilt and the shame that ate at him until he couldn’t bear it another minute and fled. Turning himself over to the resistance, to the mercy of Leia Organa whose husband he had murdered. The long years it had taken him to finally accept that she still loved him, that he was not weaker for it. And Rey. Rey with her well-deserved suspicion and constant attacks. Rey who had begun to train him in place of Luke Skywalker, reminding him of what it meant to be a Jedi, of the power he had not been able to touch using the dark side of the Force. Rey who had loved him despite herself and who he had not been able to turn away, no matter the fact that she was his teacher and he was nearly a decade her senior. He remembers their wedding, small but full of laughter and love and real happiness. It all comes back. The years they have spent here on this planet with its blue sky and deep oceans, the way she likes to wake before him and bake on cold mornings, and the brown haired little girl who must still be sleeping in her own room down the hall. “There you are, Ben,” says Rey, smiling broadly and reaching up to pat him on the cheek. “I told you it would only take a moment.” “I hate waking like that,” he confesses, wrapping his arms around her waist and pulling her close. He is always afraid after he dreams so vividly of being Kylo Ren, afraid that some day he will wake and not remember Ben Solo until he has done something terrible. “I know,” says Rey, and she presses a kiss to his chest, letting him hold her the way she knows he needs. They stand there for a while, her bare legs covered with batter and his eyes closed tight as he reminds himself of all the good things in his life which are so much more important now than the evil in his past. When he finally lets her go, it’s because a little voice is calling from another room. “Daddy! Daddy, need help!” He sighs and leans down to kiss his wife, letting his mouth linger against hers for several heart beats as his tongue sweeps out against the seam of her lips. He smiles. She tastes like bananas and cinnamon. “I love you,” he says as he disengages himself. And he does, more than he can express. “Love you too,” she smiles, squeezing his hand and pushing him gently into the hallway so she can clean up her mess. And he knows it’s true. Somehow, he thinks that’s the one thing he could never really forget.