Leia had sensed the distress Rey was in shortly after she had sensed Han’s death. She could feel that she was returning, however. Finn and Rey and Chewie were returning – at least that was something. She didn’t know what to expect when the three of them arrived back, but she could only presume the worst of the best. They weren’t dead – but anything else was possible. Standing on the landing strip as the remaining X-Wing fleet returned, Leia kept her eyes focused on the ship coming towards her. The ship that Han had once flown (and boy had he flown it well). She wasn’t sure when she’d ever have the strength to step foot onto it again, but for now it didn’t matter. The door was opening and three figures emerged. As she looked at the scene that unfolded before her the General had to fight back her emotions – her men needed her to be strong. Chewie came out first, Rey limp in his arms with her dress torn down the back and her head bloody and bruised. She didn’t know what had been done when Kylo had taken her, and what had been done during the rescue, but she knew it needed attention. The faint we’ve got a pulse she heard gave her a little relief, allowed her to keep fighting for long enough to nod to Finn. The boy was brave, too brave for his own good. He had gone through so much and he deserved so much better than whatever had happened. Leia stepped towards him and put a hand on his shoulder for a moment before she pulled him into a hug. Finn hugged back, and God did he hold onto her tightly. In such a short period of time he had escaped the First Order, made a friend, fought, lost his friend and blown up Starkiller base. Everything was moving so fast, he just wanted everything to stop. He wasn’t sure if it was the fact that he had just thought that, or the fact that he was so exhausted, or the slight injuries he had accumulated, but before he knew it he felt his legs giving way and Leia lowering him to the floor as he blacked out. Poe had been beside Finn as he awoke in the sickbay. For a moment, Finn was dazed and confused, but as his eyes locked onto the man in orange he relaxed. And then he tensed up again. Rey . “Buddy-“ Poe said, a sigh of relief following. “Thank God you’re alright, you passed out on the General. You’ve had a hell of a day though, so I guess we can make excuses.” He laughed, charming as ever. Finn could have sworn he winked too. “Had some droids check you over, apart from exhaustion and a couple of cuts and bruises you’re all good. You just need to rest up a bit and then you’ll be back.” “Rey?” Finn asked quietly, sitting himself upright slowly and reaching for the glass of water someone (Poe?) had placed beside his bed. Poe bit on his lip, his shoulders falling as he shook his head. “Lightsabre to the back.” He explained. “You were the only one that saw what happened to her, no one else knows. We need you to tell us everything.” Pausing for a second, Poe rethought what he had said. “But get better first, don’t push yourself. She’s… She’s stable, in a coma and in a bacta tank. She lost a lot of blood but it seemed like that had happened a while ago. Probably before we even decided to attack, must’ve been when Kylo had her.” Finn saw red for a second, beyond angry that Kylo Ren had hurt Rey, even just a little bit. She was his friend, his best friend . She had protected him and done everything to keep him safe and he had failed her . “I need to see her.” He said after a moment of thought. Moving to stand up, Poe slipped his arms around the man and aided him. “I warn you, it’s not pretty. She took one hell of a beating from him, but she’s strong Finn. Don’t you worry; they’re doing everything to help her. She’ll be okay.” Finn ignored the first part of Poe’s sentence. Rey couldn’t be not pretty, not in his eyes. She was the most beautiful person he had laid eyes on because from the moment they met they had run hand in hand away from danger… Okay, so maybe in his semi-lucid state he was romanticising the situation they had been in just a little, but that didn’t detract from his thoughts. Until he saw her, and he realised what Poe meant. She looked so broken, so fragile, so small . Completely different to the woman that Finn had met on Jakku. He wondered how many of the scars on her arms and legs she had gotten from scavenging, from fighting. He wondered what their stories were. He stared into the tank and saw a deep cut running down her back, parallel to her spine and just as long. The skin around it was badly burnt and bruised. There was blood down her front, from cuts on her head and a gash on her right arm. He didn’t know what he was feeling, whether it was anger that someone could do this to Rey, or sorrow that someone had done this to Rey, or failure and dejecting because he had let someone do this to Rey. Whatever it was though, it was overwhelming and he felt himself move to get a tight grip on Poe. He was the only thing keeping him standing right now, but he desperately wanted to run to the tank and look at Rey properly. He needed to speak to her, to tell her how sorry he was for letting this happen. In the corner of his eyes, he saw a little orange and white droid sitting by the tank, looking sadly at the floor. “BB-8 insisted that he was with Rey.” Poe said. “He’s heartbroken, really took a shine to her. She must be a pretty great girl to have you both wrapped round her finger so soon after meeting her.” He laughed. “I look forward to meeting her properly myself.” Looking to Finn, he could see the sadness in the man’s eyes and decided to give him some time with her on his own. “Look buddy, you get yourself sat down and I’ll go tell someone you’re in here with her. I’ll take the heat for it, don’t worry. I get told off all the time from the droids in here for one reason or another.” He chuckled, leading Finn to a chair and helping him to sit down. “I’ll be back for you later, and the General might pop in to talk to you for a bit. Look after yourself.” As Poe left, he beckoned BB-8 to him in order to give the two time alone, only disturbed occasionally and briefly by a medical droid checking on Finn and Rey. After what felt like hours of silence, Finn spoke up. “Rey?” He asked, as if she’d respond , he chuckled to himself. “Rey I’m so sorry.” His voice was barely a whisper as he spoke. “This, this is all my fault. I got you into this whole mess. If I’d never tried to escape, if I’d just accepted my fate, you’d be fine. I mean, you’d still be on Jakku, but you wouldn’t be half de-“ He stopped himself, he couldn’t think like that, he’d lose any faith he had if he did. “You wouldn’t be in a bacta tank after a Sith had struck you down. It should have been me. I should be the one in the coma, you’re gonna become a great Jedi Rey, I know it, please be okay, please forgive me.” Finn, despite growing up without physical contact and ever showing affection, had never craved the simple touch of someone more than he did just then. He needed to reach out and hold Rey’s hand, he needed to feel her pulse. The rhythmic beeps from the monitor behind him let him know she was alive, but they weren’t reassuring. The fact that something needed to monitor that was enough to worry him. He wanted to pull her close and hold her, to apologise and to cry into her arms. He needed to see her smile, to hear her laugh, hell he’d be happy to sit and watch her cry all day. As long as she was there, in his arms, as long as his best friend was with him he didn’t care. He wanted to cry, but emotions were frowned upon in the First Order, so he didn’t know how. Instead he beat himself up internally, seeing how many different ways in his mind that things could have gone differently. He could have – should have – taken the blow meant for Rey, he could have his back sliced practically in two, he could have died. No one would have cared, it would have been inconsequential if his life had been lost. But Rey was so much more important, she could help the Resistance. As he felt something wet tickling at the corner of his eyes, his view was now of two people. The General was standing in front of him. Finn tried to get to his feet and managed it, if shakily, before giving her a salute and looking at her. “As you were, you should be in bed, resting. I take it this is Dameron’s doing.” She said, the smile playing on her lips told him that Poe wasn’t in trouble as he sat back down. “I needed to see Rey, General.” “Please, call me Leia. Finn you’ve been so incredibly brave and you’ve worked so hard, thank you.” She told him. “Now, the formalities done with, how are you holding up?” “Rey…” He whispered softly. “It’s not your fault.” Leia told him. “You brought her back to us Finn, you helped us rid the galaxy of Starkiller base, and you helped return the map to my Luke. You have done so much good for the galaxy, you cannot fault yourself.” Finn looked between Leia and between Rey, his eyes sad as he looked at them both. Leia was being so strong, standing there and telling him all that, when she had lost her own husband. He felt selfish for a second, but was too caught up in his own grief that it didn’t last. “Kylo followed us after we escaped.” Finn began, deciding to explain everything to her now. Poe had said they needed to know, so he’d tell them. “He wanted to kill us, he wanted to kill Rey. He knocked me out and when I came to I saw Rey screaming, Kylo’s lightsabre in her back. I couldn’t do anything, I should have done something. He must have thought we were dead because he left us. Chewie found us, I don’t know how long after it was. If he was any longer, Rey would… Well…” He looked to his friend and closed his eyes tightly. “She’d be dead. And I should have protected her.” “What did I just tell you?” She asked, her voice a little sterner than before. “You did everything you could Finn, you should be proud of yourself. Should you wish to join the Resistance we will all be more than honoured to accept you as one of our own, but whatever you do we’ll make sure you’re looked after while you’re here.” “I need to stay with Rey.” He said quickly. “I can’t leave her, I won’t.” “Then you can stay here as long as you like, I’ll arrange for someone to find you your own quarters to reside in. If you chose to join us, then please let me know. I would be more than happy to have your help wherever you are willing to provide it. No one is making you take another step onto a battlefield if you never want to. Take care of yourself Finn, I’ll send someone to find you shortly.” With that, Leia was gone, leaving Finn alone with a barely alive Rey and the constant humming machines as he only company. Notes: One day, one day I swear I'll write fluff... Anyway if you enjoyed this let me know and I'll write more. If you didn't, I'm gonna write more anyway so sorry about that. If you want some fluff give me an idea, if you want some angst wait 24 hours and I'll probably have a new way to rip your heart out sorted. Thank you all for reading, (sorry I'm sick and sarcastic with my notes).