Letting Go Summary: Finn helps Poe escape from the First Order, but once the adrenaline fades the grief settles in. Crucio. Finn didn't need to be in the room to know how they were torturing him. He recognized the screams. Only the cruciatus curse tore sounds of its victims' throats like that, desperate, gasping, raw with pain. It turned people into animals. It robbed them of any dignity. Finn knew this because he had felt it too. It was part of his training. What better way to learn how to use an unforgivable curse than to experience it? It was a great deterrent for failure. He survived by nearly biting through his own tongue. Slip pissed himself the first time. They were fifteen. Finn choked on his friend's name and pressed a balled up fist to his mouth, breathing hard into the palm of his hand. Merlin , when was he going to stop screaming? They weren't going to get anything out of him. And Finn couldn't concentrate with that sound crawling into his head, echoing against clenched teeth, soaked into the stone walls. He couldn't shut it out. He couldn't get away from it. No Floo network, and anti-apparition spells had been cast around the entire perimeter. The only way out was to fly. The screaming stopped. Phasma knew he didn't cast the Killing Curse in the village. He couldn't even bring himself to stun them. He just stood there and watched those people die. He had torn off his mask the moment he reached the front gates, an action she reprimanded him for. She gave him Veritaserum and interrogated him about his state of mind during the mission. What she heard displeased her. The punishment was reconditioning. They were going to send him back. Without Slip. They left him there. Finn didn't know why that surprised him. From their point of view, he guessed, collecting the body would've been sentimental. He knew what Phasma would say. Slip had died because he was too slow to block the spell. The First Order was only as strong as its weakest member, and the weak needed to be weeded out. Was that what this mission was? Slip had his shortcomings and he was no dueler but he was loyal to the First Order. He believed in it. He died to defend it. He died to defend something that didn't give a damn about him. I'm not going back. The words formed in the back of his mind, vehement and firm and he lurched to his feet unsteadily, breathing shallow. He wasn't going back. The more he repeated those words to himself, the surer his footing. He was going to leave - and he was taking that Resistance wizard with him. His name was Poe. He was a Secret Keeper for the leader of the Resistance. That was why they couldn't torture the information out of him, or use the imperius curse to force him to break his oath. They did know he'd stashed a prophecy record - which spoke to the location and fate of Luke Skywalker - with an owl, that much Ren had taken from his mind. Finn helped Poe escape only to have him turn right around and fly back to the village. "I can't believe I'm going to die over an owl," Finn groaned, bracing his hands on his thighs and staring down at his own shoes. He breathed hard through his nose, attempting to steady his nerves - and his stomach. "You're not gonna die, buddy," Poe reassured him from somewhere up above, and Finn bit back a curse when the other wizard clapped him on the back helpfully. He almost lost his balance. "No," he agreed under his breath, and if he wasn't on the verge of vomiting he might've laughed - short, bitter, and resigned, "They're going to kill me." First they had to find him - but they would, if they knew this was where the owl was - then they would torture him, then they would kill him. "Was that your first time Apparating with someone else?" No, but the truth was that Apparating always made him nauseous, side-along or otherwise. "I'm fine," he replied belatedly, straightening slowly. It was his idea to get rid of the brooms. Apparition was impossible to trace, even for the First Order. That didn't mean he had to like it. It was nearly dawn. Finn had seen the village in the middle of the night - and they'd come into the main square. That was where the killing started. It was also where they'd caught Poe trying to get away by portkey. Now he was standing in the grass, feet sinking into the muddy earth. Behind him there was nothing but land for miles and on either side, the same. No houses, no paved roads, only stones jutting out of the ground in rows. Finn could barely make out the sign of the cross on one of the stones, and then he realized where he was. "Is this a cemetery?! " His voice climbed half an octave. "Looks like," Poe replied casually, licking his thumb to wipe a smudge off his jacket. "Are we digging our own graves too?!" They could save the First Order the trouble when they tracked him and Poe down. "Finn, relax." " Relax? " The best hit wizard in the Resistance and that's all he had to say? Yeah, sure, Finn could relax. He was only a blood traitor and a fugitive from the First Order , currently standing in a graveyard about half a mile from a massacre that took place six hours ago. But yeah, no problem. No big deal. It wasn't as if his life was on the line- oh wait, yes it was. "Yeah." Poe took one look at Finn's face - distressed, frustrated, borderline panicked - and smiled. He put both hands on Finn's shoulders, and the weight of hands was warm and confident. "We're at a church. I told him to meet me here." "Your owl?" Poe nodded. "He knows to get out of dodge, and go to the highest spot in town and I'll find him. This is it." He indicated the sloping rooftop of the stone chapel behind them - the only building in sight - and Finn nodded. That made sense. "Hey." "Yeah?" Finn glanced from the church to Poe, whose hands kept him right where he was. "They're not gonna kill you." He scoffed in response. Poe raised an eyebrow and Finn said flatly, "Look, you may not have picked up on this but the First Order's not much for forgiveness." They weren't going to try to take him back - and he'd almost- no, he'd rather die than go back but honestly, he'd rather not die at all. That was why he left. And why he wanted to be anywhere but here. "I got that much," Poe replied grimly, "What I meant was, I'm not gonna let it happen." No offense to Poe, Finn thought, but he couldn't even save himself. There was no fighting the First Order. The moment they found him, he was dead. He wondered if that showed on his face because suddenly, Poe's grip tightened, blunt nails digging into Finn's shirt. He'd gotten rid of the robes, and the mask, before they Apparated here. "Look at me, Finn." He did, raising his eyes to meet the steady gaze of his... were they friends? "I know what you did for me," the intensity of that stare, of everything he wasn't saying, of what they both knew the First Order had done to him, made Finn uncomfortable, "And I'm not gonna let them get to you. I've got your back." He knew the odds were not in his favor, and the longer he stayed here the worse they got... but it still felt good to hear that. "Do you believe me?" "Yes. Yeah. I do." And he did. "Good." Poe flashed him a broad smile, open and reassuring despite the circumstances. He slid one arm around Finn's shoulder and guided him up the steep, muddy incline to the back of the chapel. "Let's get inside, and see if we can't find something to eat." "We're not going to be here that long, are we?" The sun was coming up. "As long as it takes," Poe said frankly, "I've gotta get my owl - and I don't see him up there." Great. Finn had never been inside a Muggle church before, but after Poe muttered a spell to open the back door, he stepped into a musty hallway. It was empty. From the administrative offices to the red velvet pews lined up in front of an altar. He awkwardly lingered by the podium near the front of the chapel while Poe went upstairs and checked the rafters for his familiar. Half an hour later there was no sign of the owl and Finn had taken to pacing up and down the length of the aisle nervously. Poe reclined against the steps of the altar and watched him, arms folded behind his head in what must've been the most uncomfortable sitting position. Finn reached the large wooden doors at the back of the chapel and pivoted with a terse sound of boot scraping against carpet. "How can you be so calm?" he demanded. Poe shrugged in response. "You know the First Order is on its way, right? They're sending people after us right now." Finn could practically feel it. "It's only a matter of hours 'til they find us. We have to get out of here." "I'm not leaving without the owl." "What if it's not here? What if it's long gone?" "I told him I'd come back for him." "Right," yeah, of course, wouldn't want to break his word to an owl , "Don't you think it would have come here by now? If it was coming here at all?" Maybe the owl was as smart as Poe said, and it'd already flown by the chapel, earlier, hours ago, while Poe was strapped down to a chair being tortured. He didn't have an answer to that. "What if it's waiting somewhere else?" The sooner they found the familiar, the sooner they could leave. That was worth standing out in the open for a few minutes. Poe agreed with him, and the two wizards Disapparated from the church and re-appeared in the middle of the still-smoldering village square. Finn immediately started coughing because the air was thick with smoke. A few heady inhales through his teeth made his throat raw and he tasted ash on his tongue. It nearly made him gag. The fires hadn't spread but the most of the buildings had been destroyed. Windows had been shattered with hexes, doors blown clean off their hinges, and everything non-living burned while the First Order herded frightened, whimpering Muggles into the street, huddled together around the light post in the middle of the square. He could still see green light cutting through the air and hear them screaming over the sound of his own gasps against the grate of his mask. Finn felt like he couldn't breathe. He turned toward the alleyway squeezed between two white-washed buildings where Poe had made a run for it. They chased him down and destroyed the bicycle wheel he tried to use as a portkey. Finn crossed the uneven cobblestones toward the rubbish bins, toppled over and spilling wet, dewy garbage onto the ground. He stepped over the sludge of unrecycled newspapers and rotten food. "Slip." He knew he was dead. He knew it before he saw the body - on the ground, where he'd left it when he heard the sound of Muggle gunfire. The first crack tore through the air and Finn was completely disoriented, staggering back into the open. Now he couldn't stop himself from kneeling next to the body. It could've been anyone beneath those indistinguishable black robes and the skull-like mask molded to his face beneath the hood. Finn touched his arm and nearly recoiled. It didn't feel like a person under the cloth. It was hard. Like touching wood. Finn swallowed the knot in his throat and sucked air in between his teeth. "You never should've been there," he said, kneecaps digging into the grooves between the stone as he leaned over the body. He lifted the head from a side entrance stoop and pushed back the hood. Coarse brown hair, dry like straw, not curly the way Poe's was, and not wet even though he'd been laying outside for hours... it stuck up behind the face of the mask. Finn carefully lowered the head and as he slipped his hand out from under the neck, his fingers brushed skin. And it was cold. "Phasma knew you couldn't aim for shit ," Finn muttered angrily, his voice trembling as hard as his hands did when he reached for the mask, "She knew you weren't ready." But instead of leaving him behind, she'd let him go knowing he was going to get himself killed. I don't know if I can do this. The uncertainty grew clearer in his mind, heavy like a stone in his gut, and Finn hesitated. Maybe he shouldn't lift the mask. It was against protocol. Slip would never disobey orders. He had died with it on. It was hard to breathe in those damn things under the best of circumstances and he- he didn't belong to the First Order anymore. Finn pulled off his friend's mask in an abrupt yank , dislodging the metal from behind his ears. His eyes were open, mouth slack, and face pale. He looked like what he was: a twenty-two year old wizard, a little younger than Finn, not the serpentine slit-nosed, sunken skull the mask made him out to be. It made them all look the same. Finn should've closed his eyes but he couldn't. He couldn't touch the body again. He dropped his hand between his knees with a heavy exhale that could've been a sob if he'd been crying. He wasn't. I should've protected you. Or maybe he shouldn't have. If he hadn't gone easy on Slip in training, maybe Phasma never would've sent him here. He would've failed and he wouldn't have moved on with the rest of them. He might still be alive. "Finn?" And then what? Instead of being dead, Slip would be one of the wizards sent to kill him. And he would do it, because who in their right mind would defy the First Order? No one. Not for a traitor. Finn saw the leg of Poe's trousers out of his periphery, but he didn't raise his head. He pinched the bridge of his nose with two fingers and used that gesture to wipe across his eyelids. "I'm sorry." "For me?" Finn asked with a strangled voice, "Or because you killed him?" Poe didn't say anything for a long time. "Both." Both . Finn nodded, blinking back tears that he'd been too shocked to cry when he watched Slip die in front of him. He was never going to get the blood off his mask, or forget the sound of his gloved fingers scraping against the metal. "He would've killed you too," Finn said hoarsely, clearing his throat, "He wouldn't have thought twice." He would've seen Poe the way Finn was supposed to see him: as an enemy of the First Order, as a criminal and a liar and a killer who needed to be put down for the good of the cause. "But he was still my friend." "I know." Yeah. Maybe he did. Finn struggled to get to his feet, using the ground to steady himself as he stood. He looked down at the body which, unmasked, seemed so much smaller. Slip was a pretty small guy. "Do you want to bury him?" He looked at Poe, and he saw in his eyes an echo of something familiar and... exposed. It disarmed him even better than pity would've, and Finn's expression crumbled. He had done his best to cling to self-control, to the neutrality he'd been taught to face tough problems with - something he was never good at, being disaffected - but giving up felt like catching his breath. He was relieved. "Yes," Finn dropped the mask between them and it hit the ground with a muted, metallic thump , "I want to bury him." Chapter 2 : Patching Up Summary: Slip is buried, Poe is wounded, and Finn is at odds with Muggle methods of dispensing 'first aid'. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) " Reducto. " Finn pointed his wand at Slip's mask and his curse tore through the metal, reducing it to a pile of ash next to the mound of freshly turned earth. He stubbed his heel into the silvery dust and ground it into the dirt. He stood at the foot of the grave Poe had dug, but he felt like he'd said everything there was to say. He'd known Slip most of his life and he could tell you how he ate his eggs, which hand he favored in dueling, the core of his wand, but he didn't know his last name, if he remembered his family, if he'd ever wanted anything beyond what was assigned to him, or if he'd ever questioned it. Any of it. Finn did. He grew up believing what they told him. The Ministry of Magic was corrupt and ineffective. It showed one face to the International Confederation of Wizards while secretly supporting the treachery of the Resistance. The Resistance is a symptom of our degenerate society. It is a threat to our way of life and if we do not eradicate it, it will spread. They told him the Resistance was dangerous, it did not conform to the First Order's stringent moral code, and its supporters were thieves and murderers who could not be reasoned with. From what he'd been told, he expected... wizards. Criminals. What he found were Muggles who were no match for the First Order. Most of them were unarmed and even if they hadn't been, those people couldn't have known they were harboring allies of the Resistance. They didn't know anything. They weren't a threat. Ren killed one wizard and took the other hostage. Then he gave the order to kill the rest. Those people were innocent. "Finn." "What?" "You knew." He glanced to the left where Poe stood with his arms crossed over his chest. Finn started to ask him what he meant, but Poe looked up from the unmarked grave and added belatedly, "You knew what I did when you helped me." He was talking about Slip. Finn didn't know how to respond. The short answer was 'yeah' but that wasn't what he was thinking when he did it. "I don't blame you," he replied slowly, "If that's what you're getting at." He had helped Poe, sure, but neither of them would've gotten away if it wasn't for the hit wizard. Finn couldn't have done it on his own. "I know you don't." "The First Order didn't give you a choice," Finn said hollowly, and if he'd had the energy he would have shrugged, "They didn't give him one either." Slip ended up where he was because of them, not because of Poe. They trained him to do one thing... or to die trying, and that's what happened. There was no one else to blame. "What about you?" "What about me?" Finn nearly snapped the words because he felt tired. He felt tired and thirsty and he just wanted to be somewhere safe. None of that was going to change anytime soon. Poe had kept his distance until now, closing the ground between them before Finn turned away from Slip's grave. He stopped him from taking another step with a hand on his chest. There was no push to the gesture, little resistance, but he still hesitated. "You made a choice," Poe reminded him. That got Finn's attention the way pressure against his collarbone did not. It was worse looking up at him, and realizing that was meant to make him feel better. "I chose to run." And the number of bodies it took to get him here, to this point, where he had the nerve to run away? They were piled up in that square, rotting in the kriffing sun. This was not something he was proud of. Finn knew what he was, and he was not a hero. "We've been here too long already," the owl wasn't in the village anymore, and even Poe admitted that BB-8 - that was its name - had probably taken its master's 'if all else fails...' to heart and gotten as far away from this place as possible. It was good advice. "We've gotta leave." Poe looked like he wanted to say something else, but Finn wasn't in the mood. He didn't want to talk anymore. So the hit wizard dropped his hand a moment later and conceded, "Alright." He and Finn returned to the chapel, where they agreed to look for ('borrow') supplies - this was the only building the First Order hadn't destroyed - and move on to the next village in search of the owl. Poe found the entrance to the rectory - a strange name for a one bedroom flat with a kitchenette - connected to the church through a small hallway. Finn felt like he'd gone through every supply closet on the property, rifling through bins of books and paperwork. The only 'food' he found wasn't food at all: it was a case of red wine which he carried into the rectory and set down on the unused coffee table. "Poe?" he called out, surprised not to see him straight away. The room had been ransacked, every cupboard opened and all non-perishables lined up on the wood-grain counter: a box of high-fiber cereal with raisins, a jar of peanuts, a half-eaten loaf of bread, cans of soup and vegetables, and a box of tea. None of it looked overly appetizing to Finn, but he wasn't hungry. His stomach was in knots and he swore he was getting an ulcer from the stress of taking a leisurely stroll - over-glorified bird-watching, that's what this was - through the English countryside when he should've been on a one way ticket to the other side of the world, New Zealand or Argentina or... Antarctica. "Is that what I think it is?" Poe's voice came from behind him - amused - and Finn turned towards him, an embarrassed smile tugging at his lips. But he took one look at the hit wizard and his mouth slackened. Poe had shrugged out of his jacket and stripped off his sweat-stained shirt, but that wasn't why Finn was staring. His torso was scarred. One jagged line of white, puckered tissue extended from the groove in his left collarbone across his chest. Another scar nearly bisected his stomach and it wasn't as evenly healed. And the scars stood out against the bruises, a mottled purple tinged in yellow that started under the right pectoral and spread to his side, disappearing under his armpit. His shoulder was badly discolored too. "That bad, huh?" "What?" Finn tore his gaze away from the catalogue of injuries Poe hadn't mentioned, or even winced over - not noticeably, anyway. The hit wizard didn't look self-conscious, but he raised a brow at Finn who blurted out unhelpfully, "You look like shit." Poe started to laugh but it was cut short. His expression spasmed with pain - for a moment - and he swallowed the rest of his good humor with a grimace. "Your bedside manner is on point, Finn," he managed dryly. "Sorry," he muttered automatically, but it sounded distracted and disingenuous even to him, and he stepped closer to get a better look at Poe's side, "Are your ribs broken?" "I wish," he replied casually, and cracked a smirk at Finn's face. "It's only bruising." Bones were easier to heal with nothing but a wand. "Why didn't you tell me?" The hit wizard looked at him and Finn realized the thought never even crossed his mind. Poe glanced down at himself, inspecting the damage from a new point of view, and concluded frankly, "It looks worse than it is." He raised his eyes and caught Finn's disbelieving expression, "Relax," he reassured him for the second time today, "It's not like they cursed my face." "That is not funny." "Apparently not," Poe agreed good-naturedly, but then he sobered slightly and said, "But I am bleeding. Do you mind taking a look?" " What? " "I tore something last night," it was his indirect way of referencing his torture at the hands of the First Order, "And I-" "Why can't you heal it?" Finn wasn't resistant to helping but he was unskilled in healing magic. It was not part of his training, and he could barely fix a broken nose without disappearing bone or mutilating cartilage. "Dark magic," he said simply, "I need to bandage the wound until I get my hands on some essence of dittany. I found a first aid kit under the sink." He asked Finn to give him a hand because the gash was hard to reach - something he saw for himself when Poe turned to walk back into the bathroom. The skin was split and glistening under his right shoulder blade and around the wound it was angry and red. Blood collected in the waist of his trousers from the night before. Finn could see the stains, and he imagined it running down Poe's back like sweat. He must've cleaned that off while rinsing his hair. The bathroom was very small. A standing shower with a white plastic curtain, a toilet, and a sink. Stepping into the room behind Poe, Finn felt himself backing into the door and then, wincing, the corner of the steel tower rack. He was trying to find a place to stand where he wasn't bumping into the hit wizard but it was impossible. Poe picked up the adhesive, and the roll of gauze out of a green tray on the toilet tank, cutting some strips with his teeth instead of his wand, and Finn made the mistake of trying to shift positions again, colliding with Poe's chest when he turned. Finn cursed. "Sorry." Poe dismissed the apology with a brief smile and said, "I appreciate the help." Finn nodded in response and the hit wizard faced the mirror, leaving him with the gauze, the tape, and the broad expanse of his mostly unscarred back. He wasn't sure what he was doing. He didn't have a lot of practice dressing wounds but he decided to give it his best shot. Finn draped the strips of gauze over the towel rack and tore open a white packet with the words 'alcohol free cleansing wipe' in bold blue font on the front. "Are you sure about this?" "Why?" Finn couldn't see Poe's face, standing directly behind him, and so he shifted slightly to look over the hit wizard's shoulder and meet his gaze in the mirror. "It's Muggle medicine." He wasn't... he didn't have anything against Muggles, but this seemed like a bad idea. "Just do it, Finn." There weren't any directions on the packet but Poe told him to press the pad against his wound so Finn worked it out of the plastic with two fingers and did just that. He swept it across the mouth of the gash and watched as Poe's entire back rippled with pain, tensing under his hands. "Fuck." He dropped the pad on the floor. "I'm sorry." "It's fine." Poe didn't sound like he was in pain, but the way his muscles had bunched beneath the skin, Finn knew that he was. "I hurt you." "It's fine," he repeated. "No," he shook his head, "I did it wrong, I can't do this," Finn tried to back up and only succeeded in ramming his back into the door handle. He grunted slightly in pain. "Finn," the way Poe said his name stopped him short, and he glanced at the mirror. "It's supposed to hurt," Poe reassured him, "You did it right. That's what Muggles use to disinfect wounds." "Oh." That logic still confirmed his worst fears concerning Muggle methods of 'first aid'. If he was Poe, he'd be waiting it out for a potion. But he wasn't Poe, and Poe wanted him to finish up so it was back to the towel rack and the gauze. "Okay." Once Finn managed to master the tape, dressing the wound wasn't as challenging. It involved a lot of folding and pressing, and ignoring the way Poe's body shifted under his ministrations. "Do you think this is going to scar?" he asked, taping down the edges of the gauze. "Probably." Poe didn't sound very concerned about it. "Damn thing's been opening up every few days for the past three weeks." Three weeks? He'd never gotten an injury that put him out of commission for that long - not that Poe was 'out of commission', obviously. "Did the First Order do this to you?" Finn didn't know why he had to ask stupid questions he already knew the answer to. "Yeah." That was all he said, 'yeah'. Maybe he didn't want to talk about it. Or Finn didn't need to know. He dropped his hands to his sides, and Poe took that as an indication that they were finished so he turned around. But instead of going for his shirt, which was damp and wrung out, dangling over the shower door, he leaned against the sink and braced his hands on the edge of the basin. Finn stared at his chest and asked unthinkingly, "And the other scars?" Poe didn't answer him for awhile, and the silence stretched between them long enough to make him feel uncomfortable, to make him think he'd crossed a line. He shouldn't have said anything. "Forget it," he said quickly, "It's none of my business." "Come here." This was the opposite of what Finn expected him to say, and 'coming here' took all of one step away from the door. The benefits, he guessed, of sharing such a small space together. Poe took him by the arm and Finn didn't protest, he couldn't even figure out how to formulate a question when the hit wizard pressed his thumb into the underside of his wrist and brought his fingers to the edge of the collarbone scar, guiding his hand along the scar tissue. "I was in Wales, it was my first assignment," Finn was half-listening, clenching his teeth against the impulse to lean over and lick along the rough line of skin he'd traced with his fingers. He felt incredibly warm and too self-conscious to make eye contact. "A Dark wizard - wanted by the Ministry - tried to slice open my throat but he missed. He mangled my collarbone like a chew toy, but it looks a lot better now." Finn nodded, and he swallowed his agreement with difficulty when Poe dragged his hand down his chest, over the site of the bruises, the tightness of his abdomen, to the scar that ran across his stomach just above the pelvis. "This," Finn spread his fingers, brushing the length of the scar and the waistband of his trousers - which were damp from a quick shower, "I got from the First Order." "How?" "A curse," Poe didn't tell him the circumstances surrounding the mission but, "It almost ripped out my entrails. I should've died... but Jess - she's a friend of mine, a hit witch - thought fast, stitched me up on the run and got me to a healer we could trust." He was talking about members of the Resistance. They had their own healers. Finn didn't know that. He'd never gotten the impression from- they didn't seem very organized. "I'm sorry." But he wasn't surprised. Every servant of the First Order knew that the Killing Curse was the most effective method of dispatching one's enemies, but there were some people who... liked to inflict pain, who enjoyed it and who spent their time perfecting other slower (but no less effective) means of killing. "I don't have any scars," Finn said quietly, scraping the nail of his thumb against Poe's stomach. He did it on his own, uninvited, to hear the way Poe's breath caught between his teeth. "I don't believe that," Poe replied in a low voice, and Finn glanced up. He did have a great face. Warm eyes, strong jaw, nice smile. It was very open, friendly, although right now it seemed less friendly and more... "Do you want to check?" The words were out of his mouth before he could regret them, challenging and utterly missing the point. Finn was sure he didn't understand what Poe was saying, something about scars not always showing up in the skin, on the surface, where you could see them or trace them with your tongue. But because he was tired and thirsty and- he wasn't exactly thinking in terms of metaphors. Poe was surprised, but Finn only caught him off-guard for a moment. He was nothing if not adaptable. "Yes," his answer was succinct but his smirk was not. It spread across his face. "But I want to kiss you first." Notes: Y'all, I really appreciate the feedback - comments, bookmarks, messages, kudos! It is always kind of nerve-wracking to post something publicly that you've been obsessing about in the tiny corners of your brain but your encouragement gives me wings. Chapter 3 : Distractions Summary: Poe distracts Finn from the threat of the First Order. Finn doesn't mind at all. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Finn couldn't remember the last time he'd kissed someone. Maybe that's why he laughed. Or it could've been some sad combination of sleep deprivation and this-can't-be-real-my-dreams-don't-even-get-this-good. Poe took it all in stride - the laughter, the silence which followed, and Finn's inability to maintain eye contact - and relaxed against the sink, drawing back to give him a nearly unobstructed escape route out of the bathroom. Poe's voice was mild when he remarked, "I read that wrong." Finn looked up and his unfocused eyes narrowed. "What?" Poe started to explain himself - he was confused, not embarrassed or even angry, because he thought he'd picked up on something - but Finn answered his own question a moment later, "Uh, no, you- didn't-" well, he was trying to answer his own question but he was having a hard time putting words together, "I wasn't laughing at you." It wasn't even a laugh. It was... "I don't know what's wrong with me," the thought formed in his mind and he said it, "But you should know it's..." "It's... not you, it's me?" Poe guessed the end of his fumbling line with amusement, "Are you breaking up with me, Finn?" "No!" That was a sharp response for something meant as a joke, from someone he'd met the night before. The protest wasn't just about him not using lines - which he didn't, though he probably could've used one or two - "No, I-" another awkward smile, a huff of air, a would-be laugh, "I just am... tired. I'm really tired. That's all." That wasn't 'all' but it was as much as he was willing to own up to. Poe heard the quiver in his voice, and his own expression softened. "I shouldn't have said that to you," which part? The part about the kissing? Was he taking it back now? Nothing was sexier, he guessed, that some guy who can't keep his shit together. Finn didn't blame Poe for wanting to laugh it off. "You've had a hell of a day." "So have you." And unlike him, Poe actually looked like he'd been through hell. Poe smiled at him briefly and, rather than let them sink into another five minutes of silence, he changed the subject, "We should be getting a move on, yeah? Let me grab my shirt." Finn took that as an indication he should leave so he did, and Poe cast a hot-air charm on his shirt to dry it out. He slipped it on and adjusted the collar. Finn was leaning against the counter top and it gave him a clear view of the bathroom. He watched the hit wizard's fingers move deftly as he buttoned the olive shirt, bruises, scars, and skin disappearing quickly. He felt a stab of regret and made the mistake of staring for too long. Poe glanced up and caught his eye, immediately embarrassing Finn who dropped his gaze and grabbed the nearest thing - the jar of peanuts - to distract himself. He read the back of the container . Ingredients: Peanuts, Contains 1% or less of salt. "Find something interesting?" Maybe Finn had done too good of a job trying to look engrossed in his examination of the peanut jar. He felt like an idiot. "Uh, no," he put down the jar, his last and only line of defense against Poe. Unless you counted the shirt. "I thought about what you said," the hit wizard said, joining him in the kitchen, "I know what's wrong with you." That wasn't exactly what he wanted to hear. "Did you make a list?" he took the bait dully because he didn't know what else to do. "No," Poe replied, "There's nothing to put on it." "What do you mean?" Finn swore he wasn't this slow usually. The fatigue had kicked in when the prospect of an imminent attack dwindled. He lost his edge when the adrenaline faded and now he was just exhausted. "I mean," Poe took the jar of peanuts out of Finn's hands, to keep him from peeling the label off. He was trying to find something to do with his hands. Now he had nothing, "There's nothing wrong with you." "Poe..." "You lost your friend," Poe talked over him, "And you risked your life to save mine. You don't owe me - or anyone else - a damn thing. You got that?" Finn felt his face get hot. He was embarrassed again. "Yeah." "Good." Finn stood uselessly by the counter as Poe fished his wallet out of the pocket of his trousers and left a few pounds - and a couple galleons, because he didn't have enough Muggle money on him - to pay for the shower and the food. He didn't want to be reminded of what he'd done because it made him feel guilty for wanting... for touching him, for even looking at Poe like that. Something was wrong with him. The thought settled in his mind and his chest, a weight that made it hard to breathe, and he didn't know why he couldn't shake it off. It might've been the way Poe talked to him. He treated Finn... like a friend, or a fellow Resistance fighter, not someone who had the mark of the First Order on his forearm, who worked for the same people who cast an entrail-expelling curse on him and tortured him. It made Finn uncomfortable, both because he didn't feel like he deserved it and because it made him want to be the guy Poe thought he was. But that was never gonna happen. Poe gathered up a few cans with one hand and he crossed Finn's path to shove them in a bag. "I wanted you," he said, and the first casualty of that admission was tomato soup. The can landed on the floor with a whomp and Poe juggled the remaining food to avoid dropping the rest. Finn stumbled over his words, "I mean, I wanted... that, what you said in the bathroom, I really wasn't laughing at you." And it wasn't about 'owing' Poe anything, it was about this - about wanting something he wasn't good enough for. He never knew people like Poe existed. He'd never seen anyone fly like that, move the way he did, say the things he said. And Poe was the first person he ever met who could smile after an interrogation by the First Order. He knew exactly who he was and what he stood for. Finn wondered what that was like. "You did." He put down the cans. He was smiling. Finn thought he looked a little smug, probably because the admission confirmed that no, he hadn't 'read that wrong'. But smug worked on Poe. "Past tense?" Meaning, did he lose his chance? Finn had been wondering the same thing. "No." In three strides Poe had crossed the room to him and an uncertain Finn swallowed hard. "You don't want this, you say the word," he murmured, picking up on Finn's discomfort and determined to put him at ease. Instead of nodding he leaned forward and kissed Poe. The press of lips was tentative and - for him - awkward. They were nearly the same height so he didn't have to compensate for that but his eyes were open, he was nervous. He didn't know if he remembered how to do this. Finn pulled away but Poe caught his chin with one hand. "Close your eyes," he suggested, no trace of humor in his expression. Finn felt stupid but he did. He felt hands on his neck and his pulse skipped - out of fear, the reflexive flinch of someone who expected to get choked because he'd seen it before - but Poe's hands were warm, and he slid his palms to either side of Finn's neck, cupping his jawline, fingers pressed to the skin behind his ears and thumbs on his cheeks. He felt the brush of Poe's nose against his, his forehead touch Finn's brow, and his lips twitched from the warmth of his breath. The hit wizard kissed the corner of his mouth and Finn parted his lips. Poe kissed him slowly, drawing his bottom lip between his own, and he felt the tension ease out of his shoulders and neck. He didn't need to know what he was doing. The pressure of Poe's mouth coaxed a response, showed him what to do, and he moaned when he tasted the tip of a tongue. It brushed against his own, over his lips and teeth. Finn leaned into the kiss and took the back of Poe's head in his hands, spreading his fingers through dark, damp curls. He pulled Poe to him and deepened the kiss, groaning into the gentle drag of teeth across his lip. He felt the smile against his mouth, the fingers digging into his shirt, and slid one hand down the side of Poe's face, cradling the jaw he admired so much. It was the best kiss he'd ever had. It was the first one he'd ever had that wasn't rushed, a gnashing of teeth together in a dark dormitory, hurried and anxious of being caught. The First Order discouraged any sexual contact between the troops but kissing - in some ways - was more frowned upon than going down on a guy in the dark. Relationships were a distraction, a threat to the undivided loyalty and dedication one should devote towards the cause, and the craving for companionship should be satisfied within the group, as one of many, not as a couple. Not that he thought of himself and Poe as a couple , he barely knew him and more importantly, this wasn't going to last. Finn didn't know why he was still here. Once Poe found his owl, he would return to the Resistance. Finn had no intention of going with him. He wanted to get away from the trouble, not fly right into it. He broke the kiss with a gasp, pulling away from Poe at the sensation of tugging in the belt loops of his trousers. His fingers hooked into the black denim and it rubbed against him in a way that made him- he knew he was going too far. "Poe," he said his name but couldn't get any further. Poe kissed his jaw and his fingers tightened in brown hair. Lips touched his neck and Poe kissed his throat. "Say it again," he felt the vibration of the words against his pulse, warm but firm, "Finn, say it." "Poe," he repeated softly, and his breath caught on the vowel when the hit wizard shifted closer to kiss the cusp of his ear. It made him squirm and his hips bucked, colliding with Poe's. The zipper of his jeans snagged against the hit wizard's and he felt himself twitch, growing hard and heavy and straining against the crotch of his trousers. Poe unhooked his fingers from the belt loops and as he buried his face into the crook of his throat, he slid his hand between them, cupping Finn's erection and grinding his own into his knuckles. "Ohhh Merlin," he groaned, fingers spasming at the nape of Poe's neck. He tightened his grip on his hair, and used to anchor himself, to pull Poe's head closer. "I didn't think I could get this hard from a kiss," he confessed in a slur of words, his tone wondering and not at all sexy. He felt Poe's laughter against the side of his neck, and the words were muffled, "You've been doing it wrong." He was probably right. "I'll show you." He rubbed his palm along the curve of Finn's erection, grasping the tip of the zipper. Yes. Finn dropped his hands to Poe's shoulders and wrapped his arms around him- and suddenly Poe flinched, pain rippling down his body. Finn swore under his breath, realizing that he'd completely forgotten about the gash on his back, the bruises beaten into his sides, his shoulder. "I'm sorry." He let go of the hit wizard abruptly and Poe's own hands snaked out of his jeans and went to his shoulder with a grimace. He caught a glimpse of Finn's stricken - and apologetic - expression out of the corner of one eye and the grimace smoothed itself out, relaxing. "That's on me," Poe assured him, "It's not your fault. I want..." he paused, giving Finn a searing once-over, from his swollen lips and dazed eyes to the unzipped crotch of his jeans, and bit his own lip briefly, "... this, I just..." "...can't," Finn finished the sentence belatedly, glancing down at himself and - with some embarrassment - pulling up his fly carefully. It still made him wince, because he was hard and sore and that wasn't going anywhere. "I don't know about can't ," he replied in a low voice, "The least I can do is help you with that." He nodded to Finn's crotch with a slow smirk that made him flush. Poe stepped closer to him, regaining the space Finn had put between them moments before. He could see the hesitation in his face and he kissed Finn again, murmuring against his mouth that he wouldn't be worried about a shoulder injury if he was on his knees. But before he could make good on that assurance - something happened. A sound tore through the chapel like thunder and the force of the spell made the foundations of the rectory shake. "They're here." The First Order. "Finn-" "We have to go - now!" He grabbed Poe by the hand - and to hell with the food, or anything else they might have needed - and Disapparated. Notes: Ahhh my friends! I am so happy by the feedback you've given me - the kudos and comments are AMAZING and I'm so delighted that you are enjoying reading this as much as I'm enjoying writing it. You're amazing, and it really inspires me. :D :D :D Thank you!