The day that Rey heard the news was one she would never forget. She had received the hologram from Poe as she and Luke were returning to D’Qar. Finn’s organs were starting to fail, his extremities were dying, they had to amputate or they’d lose him. Rey spent the night crying. They fact that they had to go to such extreme measures to keep her best friend alive was terrifying her. As she lay awake she couldn’t help but ask herself questions. How close had they come to losing him? How long had his organs been failing? Why hadn’t she been able to protect him? The scene she had seen before her when she regained consciousness on Starkiller base played over and over again in her mind. She could still hear Finn’s pained screams echoing in her ears, the way his body felt cold when she held him, the way that someone had yelled we’ve got a pulse so desperately, as if it surprised them. She hated the fact that she had left him unconscious, and she hated that she wouldn’t be able to hold his hand ever again. To be in his arms. She was being selfish, she knew she was, but she didn’t care. She would think about how Finn felt when she returned to the base, but for now it was just her, Luke, and Chewbacca. She let herself cry. She didn’t sleep between finding out about Finn and returning to D’Qar. When they landed, Leia met her brother with open arms and Rey ran past. She was meant to be a Padawan now but as far as she was concerned that could wait a few more hours. The General could catch up with her brother, Rey needed to see Finn, to see Poe. She and Poe had become overwhelmingly good friends through holograms while she was gone, and she wanted to meet him properly. She needed to see someone else that was as upset as she was about all this, someone who’s arms she could stay in and know they understood. Poe Dameron was standing outside the sickbay, his hair scruffier than usual and his eyes baggy. He looked like Rey felt, and Rey looked how Poe felt. Before the man even had time to acknowledge her presence she had pushed herself against his chest and wrapped her arms around him. As first in-person meetings went, this wasn’t a great one. They shared a mutual understanding and already had a deep bond, but it was never a good sign when they simply stood and held each other until they found tears falling down their cheeks once more. Poe tried to be strong to allow Rey just a moment to take it all in (and not just Finn, but everything . He only had to worry about Finn, but Rey’s entire life had changed in a little over a week. She had to be terrified), but he eventually joined her in her tears. “They’re going to be operating until the morning.” He told her. “There’s going to be no chance of us being let in to see him for a couple of days, unless his condition takes a turn for the worst. They need to make sure he doesn’t get infected, so I guess the longer it is until we see him the better.” Poe tried so hard to sound confident that it would all be okay, but he wasn’t. He was beyond afraid. For Rey’s sake he didn’t show it. “Come on, I’ll take you to my quarters, let you rest up a little.” Finn would want me to look after you , he thought. And I want to look after you too . # # # Rey sat on Poe’s bed and stared at the wall opposite her. After the excitement of the last few days everything seemed to be collapsing in on her. She was beyond exhausted and felt like her limbs could drop off at any given moment, and she was starting to process everything that had happened to her. Poe had gone to fetch some food (when she had offered him her portions in exchange for letting her stay with him he seemed incredibly confused, not understanding what portions were and why she’d give them to him) and all of a sudden she felt incredibly lonely. Even if Poe was here she would have felt alone, perhaps more so. At this moment, she was alone physically and mentally, but when he returned it would all be in her head and it would seem so much more unreal. Poe returned, and she pushed it aside for a little while. He was her friend and she wanted to get to know him more, and she didn’t want to become a burden to him. He offered her a tray with a bowl of liquid in and a plate of something else and Rey looked at it like she had never seen anything like it. Well, in a way, she hadn’t. Not that she could remember. Poe had never had to sit down and explain to anyone what it was they were eating. He couldn’t ever recall telling anyone what fish was, or how it tasted. Or what soup was, and how to eat it. In fact, the first 15 minutes were a lesson in how to use cutlery. She mastered it quickly and managed to wolf down her meal in less than half the time that Poe did. It was sad to see someone so terrified of losing food because it took them too long to eat it, and it hurt him even more when she admitted that she had been full before she had even finished the soup. But he pushed the thoughts aside and decided that the past wasn’t something he could change, but he’d sure as hell make sure her future was better. He’d make sure she got meals three times a day, every day, and that she drank when she needed to. He wouldn’t let her suffer anymore. Even if she hadn’t admitted to suffering, he could see it. It was written all over her and it saddened him. Somehow they managed to spend the remainder of the evening fairly cheerful and optimistic. Poe told Rey about his parents (and the look in her eyes as he spoke in detail about what they looked like, what they sounded like, the things they said to him, it was so sad and he hated it. Again, the past, he shook his head and moved on), about his home, about how he became a pilot. Rey didn’t offer any stories, claiming she had none to tell other than what had happened over the previous week, and the gossip that was spreading around the base was far more interesting that it had actually been. When Poe retired, he offered Rey the bed. She declined, several times over, until she practically pushed him in and sat herself on the floor. “This floor is better than anything I ever slept on when I was on Jakku.” She had explained to him. Eventually, she got her way and heard Poe snoring lightly to himself. And now it all hit her; the action; the running; the adventure – she had run away from Jakku, given up on everything she had been waiting for her whole life, been kidnapped, fought off Kylo Ren, found Luke Skywalker, almost lost Finn, and now she was here. It was all so overwhelming that again she began to cry. She hated it, she had always been proud of how strong she was but everything had happened so quickly and had happened to such an extent that she could do nothing but let her emotions flow. Never in her life had she wanted so desperately for a mother, like the one Poe had. Shara. She sounded so brave, so kind, so loving. She wanted her own mother, someone who loved her just as unconditionally and would protect her until the day she died. Perhaps that had been and gone and Rey simply couldn’t remember it, and that broke her heart just as much as the possibility of not being wanted. What if she had been wanted and she had been loved, and she had just forgotten it all. Rey eventually stopped crying, only because she ran out of tears. Quiet sobs shook her body a little while longer but she somehow calmed her breathing and quietened down. She stared at the wall in front of her again and bit on her lip softly. It was so empty. Of course, that was a lie. The walls were filled with pictures and memories that Poe had shared with the people he loved, but there wasn’t a single mark on them. He didn’t feel trapped here, this was his home, not somewhere he counted the days until he could leave and return to where he was loved. He was loved here . Rey scrapped her fingernails on her skin until it burnt a bright kind of red, but not enough to leave a lasting mark – one more day. She didn’t feel like this was her home, but she wasn’t sure she had a choice in the matter. Finn needed her to be there when he woke up, Poe needed someone to talk to about Finn, and the Resistance needed her to become a Jedi. At least here people wanted her around. Clinging to that little bit of hope Rey closed her eyes, picturing Shara Bey and pretending that she was her mother too, imaging how wonderful her childhood would have been. The mark on her arm disappeared, and she slept with a smile on her face for the first time in a long time. Notes: I... Does this almost count as fluff? I mean, that's a kind of cute ending right? I must be really sick if I'm writing fluff! Anyway, let me know if you fancy some more of this and what sort of thing you'd like me to include in the story. Hope you enjoy!