"are you sure about this?" they were both standing outside the movie theatre, which (hux noticed) looked like it was about to burst from the amount of people inside. kylo gripped his hand tighter and led him inside, throwing a breezy "totally!" over his shoulder. once they were inside, hux had to grab onto kylo's arm to stop himself from being swept away. there must have been some big movie premiering tonight, judging by the amount of people wearing the same merchandise. they, on the other hand, had came to see some low-budget horror movie. nothing was on netflix and it was only their third date so hey, why not watch a shitty film to top it off? kylo grabbed the tickets with a quick "thanks," to the girl behind the desk, putting his arm around hux and squeezing him close before pressing a kiss to his temple. "do you want anything to eat?" hux surveyed the popcorn and drinks menu critically. he wished he'd bought his glasses, but he wasn't even that hungry so it didn't matter. they were going out for a meal afterwards, anyway, so he'd rather have a stomach full of pasta than a stomach full of popcorn. "i'm fine," he said, and kylo shrugged before buying a packet of some ridiculously overpriced candy. "cool. let's go!" *** this is actually pretty good , hux thought. he watched, head nuzzled into kylo's shoulder, as some guy on screen got needles stuck into his eyes. kylo was being extra specially touchy-feely tonight, which hux also thought was good. he'd let hux lead him into the movie theatre while practically wrapping himself around the redhead like a python, curled into him when they sat down, and seemed content to try and touch every square inch of him that he could. hux swallowed, shifting against ren, as he felt two fingers teasingly run across the waistband of his jeans, dipping under slightly. then there was a pair of lips kissing his neck, and a hand running through his hair, and hux was guessing that kylo must have picked espionage training as his teenage phase because he's somehow able to undo hux's fly without him noticing. hux is turned on half from fear and half from, well, arousal; he's hard before kylo has stuck his hand in his pants to jack him off. hux bites his lip so hard he nearly breaks the skin, very happy that they chose seats near the back and that there is nobody near them. the closest people are at least - hux briefly cranes his neck - somethinglikefifteen rows down. hux opens his mouth to let out a shaky breath as ren pumps his hand up and down, clearly enjoying this. asshole. he's not the one in danger of ruining a thirty-dollar shirt. " down , baby," kylo murmurs, and suddenly hux is being lowered onto the sticky floor of the theatre, kylo kneeling over him as he plants a hand by his head. they're both still trying to watch the movie. hux can hear a chainsaw revving and sees a splatter of red through the gap in the seats. what a mood killer. kylo winces and turns back to him, grinning. "why are you-- oh, fuck me -- doing this?" hux stutters. "because you are ten million times more interesting than some shitty horror movie," kylo whispers, and then they're kissing and hux can taste popcorn and cola and twizzlers. he bucks his hips up into kylo's hand -- they're so rough and warm and know exactly how to do this -- as his legs start to shake. "we could skip eating after this and just go home," kylo murmurs in between kisses, running his thumb over the head of hux's cock, "and then fuck until the bed breaks." hux is nearly there now. he can feel this... rush in his thighs, spreading all throughout his body as he pants and writhes under kylo, listening to hisses fill his ears. he really hopes they don't have security cameras around. when hux comes, kylo has to clamp his hand over his mouth to keep him from making a sound. hux's eyes roll back and his body rises before going limp and flopping back to the floor, his moans reverberating against kylo's palm as he breathes out heavily. kylo wipes his hand on his jeans and catches hux's eye as a scream from the movie snaps them out of it. they both snort horribly, giggling into their arms as hux squats up, zipping his jeans and grabbing kylo as they both stand up. "come on," hux whispers, tugging him towards the stairs. "the movie wasn't that good."