‘Okay,’ Finn told himself, glaring at his reflection in the mirror of the library washroom. ‘Okay. You got this. You can do this.’ He leant down to splash some cold water on his face. ‘You! Can! Do this!’ he shouted at the reflection, ‘Arggh!’ Finn leant back, not breaking eye contact with himself. He narrowed his eyes, nodded at the reflection, and headed out into the corridor that separated the bathrooms from the library proper. ‘Hey, did you just come from the washrooms?’ A young man with red hair was stood in the corridor with his arms crossed. He looked pissed. ‘Uh…’ Finn looked behind him. There was only the washrooms. He couldn’t have come from anywhere else. ‘Yeah?’ ‘Did you see whoever was yelling?’ ‘No, I, er, I think he’s still in there.’ ‘Right.’ The ginger guy didn’t look convinced. ‘Well if you do see him, tell him I’m studying and I’m prepared to destroy anyone who gets in my way.’ ‘Cool.’ Finn nodded, and walked on into the library, telling himself to act natural. Once he was sure the other man had disappeared he hurried to his desk and grabbed his rucksack and a stack of books. It was time. He was ready. He’d psyched himself up all vacation and all today, and now it was here. The big moment. He walked over to the large circular desk in the centre of the library. ‘Hello,’ Finn announced, feeling his throat go dry. ‘I’d uh… like to check out these books.’ The librarian at the desk turned around, and dear lord if he wasn’t even more handsome than Finn had remembere. Dark, windswept hair threaded through with silver, a strong jaw lightly dusted with stubble, and the deepest, brownest eyes Finn had ever seen. He tried to get a good look at the university card which hung on a lanyard around the librarian’s neck, but he couldn’t see it well enough to make out a name. Maybe if he just tilted his head… Finn was dimly aware of the noise of someone clearing their throat. He looked up. ‘I said,’ the librarian continued, one eyebrow raised in apparent amusement, ‘Could I have your card please?’ ‘Oh, oh, shit, yeah.’ Finn opened his backpack and started to root around for the appropriate rectangular piece of plastic. After a couple of false alarms, one of which led to him trying to borrow the books with his old bus pass, Finn managed to produce the card and end one of the most embarrassing silences of his life. ‘You’re reading Einstein?’ asked the librarian as he scanned and stamped the books, ‘You a physicist?’ ‘No, um, English lit, I just have a real, um, thirst. For, y’know. Knowledge.’ Finn heard audible giggling from some girls in the queue behind him. This was decidedly not going to plan. When had he convinced himself that interacting with real attractive humans in the real actual world would be a good idea? ‘Well, there y’ go,’ smiled the librarian, handing back the books. ‘Hope you find that knowledge you were looking for.’ You have no idea what kind of knowledge I’m looking for , thought Finn miserably as he accepted the books. He nodded with grim resignation before heading back out into the fresh air and sunlight of the university campus. He’d planned on going to the gym for a swim after he’d done studying but now more than anything he just wanted to head back to the safe haven of his dorm room. Rey was already there when Finn burst in and threw himself onto his bed. She was lying down on her own bunk reading a book, and looked up in alarm. ‘Finn, what on earth’s the matter?’ ‘I spoke to the him,’ he announced into his pillow. ‘What?’ Finn tilted his head towards his roommate. ‘I said, I spoke to the hot librarian.’ ‘Well,’ said Rey, sitting up and closing her book, ‘That’s good isn’t it? Aren’t you pleased?’ Finn’s face contorted into an exaggerated expression of agony, before relaying the story to his friend. He couldn’t quite help himself from turning it into a comic escapade in the re-telling so as to make Rey smile, and by the end of it she was giggling helplessly. ‘Oh, Finn,’ she laughed, ‘Why did you get out a book on Einstein?’ ‘I thought it’d make me seem interesting,’ Finn gestured to the pile of books spilling out of his backpack. ‘And anyway, I might read it. You never know.’ Rey walked over to the books and examined them one by one. ‘Einstein. Proust. The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire. Finnegans Wake. You won’t read a single one of these and we both know it!’ ‘Hey, I’ve read Finnegans Wake. Understood it, no, read it, yes.’ ‘All right, all right,’ smiled Rey, rolling her eyes. ‘Maybe he’ll find this whole mishap endearing?’ ‘Please offer realistic possibilities.’ ‘There’s plenty of attractive people out there and you can’t possibly embarrass yourself in front of all of them?’ Finn considered this. ‘I don’t know, Rey. We said we’d both get laid this year and if we can’t do it with each other –‘ ‘Because that would be weird,’ supplied Rey, helpfully. ‘Then I have to get devirginitised somehow.’ Rey crossed her arms. ‘Finn, even as an impartial observer I can safely say that there will be plenty of people who want to sleep with you.’ ‘I mean, maybe,’ admitted Finn, after a short, sceptical silence. ‘And anyway, there’s no need to rush into these things. I’m not rushing into them, and I know that’s for other reasons but still– ’ Finn didn’t reply. Rey was so sensible about these things, so well-adjusted. It did however seem that lately his goal had shifted from just having sex to having sex specifically with the hot librarian, or at least someone equally attractive. He might need to work on managing his expectations. ‘How are you, anyway?’ he asked Rey, ‘How was your day?’ Rey scowled. ‘Oh, you know. I had my second ethics class with Professor Ren, which was predictably awful. There’s no other girls, Ren is an arse, and the majority of the class was this one guy ‘playing devil’s advocate’ to basically anything anyone said. The only good thing about it was that it was so early in the morning that once it was over I still had the rest of the day ahead of me.’ Finn felt more than a little guilty now. He was lucky in that all his lecturers were friendly and understanding, but Rey seemed to have a run of very bad luck as far as teaching staff were concerned. He should have considered how his friend might be feeling before he’d gone off on one about his mishap with the librarian. ‘And this guy – the devil’s advocate guy – this girl told me he’d put a hit out on someone when he was still in primary school ,’ Rey told him, in a hushed voice, as if the guy might somehow hear them. ‘Rey,’ he replied, laughing, ‘Regular people don’t put hits on people. Especially not elementary schoolers.’ ‘This guy isn’t regular people. He’s totally weird. Anyway, believing bizarre things about people is just about one of the only things that’s going to make these classes bearable.’ Rey stretched and yawned. ‘I think we’ve both earned ourselves a break, don’t you? Shall we get a drink?’ ‘Rey,’ Finn replied, with a broad grin. ‘It’s like you can read my mind.’ * * * It was only late afternoon when Finn and Rey got to the bar, and they were still there – and still drinking – well into the evening. ‘So I want to be like, oh, just fuck off Ren ,’ declared Rey, pointing an accusatory finger at no one in particular. ‘You should have done that!’ Finn told Rey, gripping her shoulder supportively, ‘You should totally do that!’ ‘Yeah?’ asked Rey, her eyes full of hope. ‘Yeah!’ Finn replied, slamming his fist on the table as a gesture of solidarity. ‘Thanks, Finn,’ Rey smiled, looking as if she was about to tear up. ‘Shit!’ Finn exclaimed, looking over to the bar with panic in his eyes, and seeing a handsome dark-haired man ordering a drink. ‘He’s here!’ ‘Who?’ asked Rey, turning around to see for herself, ‘Oh… him! That’s him? The librarian you’re in love with? It’s that one?’ ‘Yes!’ said Finn in nervous agitation, ‘Yes, of course it’s that one, are you blind? He’s the hottest librarian I’ve ever seen! He’s the kind of librarian they have in porn being all like “Oh, Finn, it seems like The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire hasn’t been returned, how will you pay the fine?”’ Rey let out a raucous chuckle, attracting the attention of several of the bar’s other patrons, even over the loud music. ‘Go talk to him,’ she whispered in a tone that was somehow no quieter than her regular speaking voice. ‘No… I…’ Finn squirmed uncomfortably. ‘Not after today…’ ‘Fine,’ said Rey, standing up with a look of dangerous determination on her face, ‘I’ll do it.’ Before Finn could stop her, Rey had marched over to where the librarian was clearly trying to enjoy a quiet drink, probably whilst basking in the rays of his own pornographic levels of hotness. Finn couldn’t hear what they were saying. He tried to keep himself low with his head down. Maybe he wouldn’t even realise Rey and Finn were even there together. He risked a glance up, and saw her laughing with him at the bar, Rey with drunken abandon, and the librarian in more arch amusement that betrayed a slight bewilderment as to why this drunk girl was talking to him. Finn looked back down at the table. ‘His name is Poe Dameron,’ Rey announced, suddenly standing triumphantly in front of him, ‘He’s a doctoral student in International Politics, and he works at the library part time to fund his studies.’ ‘Does he… erm… does he know I’m with you?’ Finn asked suspiciously, barely moving from his low position to look up at his friend. ‘No!’ said Rey, ‘Of course not! I just mentioned I’d seen him in the library, that’s all.’ Finn risked a look up at the librarian. He was looking right back at him, and he seemed to be barely restraining a laugh. ‘Aw, c’mon Rey let’s go.’ ‘Really? But it’s not even that late, and I totally just found you a way into talking to that guy!’ ‘Yeah, let’s go.’ They wandered out of the bar and back toward their accommodation block. It wasn’t even dark yet, but they were stumbling and giggly from the time spent in the bar. Someone was approaching them down the path from the opposite direction, and Finn recognised the ginger guy from earlier that day. He was dressed smartly and almost entirely in black, with an awful lot of layers for early fall. The guy passed them with a disapproving look, and Finn was struck by a brilliant idea. ‘Hey!’ he called after the guy, ‘Hey! Yeah, you! You’re a stuck up asshole, you know that?’ The guy scowled in disgust, before rolling his eyes and continuing on his way. ‘Finn!’ said Rey, urgently tugging at his sleeve with a panicked expression. ‘Finn! That’s him! That’s the boy from my ethics class. The scary one!’ Rey buried her face in her hands in utter disappointment and dejection. The gesture summed up Finn’s entire day. Chapter 2 Notes: This chapter masturbation becomes a plot point because why not?? (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Okay , Rey told herself, Think sexy thoughts. Rey stood in the shower, rubbing at what she knew from numerous incognito internet searches to be the clitoris. She ran her mind over scenarios she knew would result in the urgent feeling of arousal in her lower abdomen. The time she’d made out with a girl who studied engineering at a party. They’d gone to the girl’s room and kissed unabashedly, licking, biting, sucking on each other’s lower lips. The girl had run her hands over Rey’s body when Rey was lying on top of her, and Rey had felt like her every nerve was burning. She felt it again, from the memories of the girl’s touch. Rey rubbed and tapped and stroked, but she still couldn’t get past that certain point. Every time it seemed she could build herself up so far and no further. There was still no orgasm. She washed her hair and got out of the shower, having spent far longer in there than she strictly speaking had time for. As she dressed, Rey wondered if the fact that she’d set herself the goal of figuring out how to orgasm before she had sex would mean she’d be celibate for eternity. * * * Rey, the only girl in Kylo’s philosophy class, was leant back in her chair with her arms crossed, her expression as close to a scowl as it could possibly be without being openly disrespectful. Over the nearly thirty minutes he’d spent explaining where the flaws were in her essay – and there were a lot of flaws – she’d seemed determined not only to say as little as possible, but also to try and cease reacting to his comments full stop. She’d arrived to the tutorial only just on time with her hair still damp from showering. Whilst neither of these things was actually considered a misdemeanour, Kylo felt they were indicative of a certain lack of appreciation of his skills as a teacher. Rey was the kind of girl who wore scruffy t-shirts and sweaters with holes in but in such a way that Kylo wasn’t sure if she was doing it ironically or not. As someone who protected himself behind multiple shields of irony at all times this was more than a little disconcerting. ‘Do you understand what I’ve been telling you?’ he asked, winding up an explanation of citations in which the girl had shown an absolute minimum of interest. ‘Yes, professor,’ said Rey, in a flat voice. ‘All right,’ Kylo sighed in a way he hoped broadcast his irritation to the unruly undergraduate, ‘Here’s your essay. It’s heavily annotated so make sure you read all my feedback.’ He pushed the papers across the table. The typed text was adorned with angry red scribbles outnumbering almost the original word count of the essay. ‘You can go. I’ll see you in class tomorrow.’ Rey took the essay and shoved it into her satchel before making her way out. ‘Goodbye, professor.’ Kylo sighed and put his head in his hands. Rey was smart when she decided to be, but she was also his most difficult student. Well , Kyo thought, correcting himself after a moment’s reflection, She’s the second most difficult at any rate. There was a knock at the door of his office, and Ren was relieved to see that it was Phasma. If he was lucky, now that the scheduled tutorials were over, he wouldn’t have to see any of his students for the rest of the day. He nodded at the economics lecturer to indicate she was welcome to come in. Phasma walked in and sat down in the chair opposite Kylo’s. She didn’t speak, but the fact that she didn’t waste words on unnecessary chit chat was the reason Dr Phasma was one of the only members of the teaching staff that Kylo could stand to be around. Everything she said was exactly what she wanted to say. ‘Are any of your students showing promise?’ Phasma asked, after spending a moment taking in her surroundings. Kylo considered the question, flipping back through his notes on their first essays of the term. ‘There’s a girl who could be very good. Rey Niima. But she gets too emotionally involved. Needs to take a step back and look at the reading more dispassionately.’ ‘Any others?’ Kylo frowned. He felt like he was missing something, but, whilst Rey’s essay was far from perfect, in truth it had still been the best of a bad bunch and she remained the only one to show any genuine flair. ‘No, she’s the only one that stands out.’ ‘There’s not a… Hux, in your class?’ Kylo felt things should be becoming clearer but somehow they weren’t. ‘Yes, there is a Hux in my class, but the only thing he’s really remarkable for is his ability to be disagreeable.’ Phasma seemed surprised. ‘I only ask because he’s been causing quite a stir in the Politics and Economics departments with the outstanding quality of his work. He built up quite a reputation for himself over the course of his first year. This is the first time he’s had to take a Philosophy paper and I was interested to see how he’d fare.’ Kylo flipped back through his notes to find the page on Hux. ‘His essay was structured, but if anything a little too structured. Formulaic. Nothing special.’ ‘Well,’ Phasma shrugged. ‘Perhaps Philosophy is his weakness. At least we know he’s fallible, I suppose.’ They sat in silence for a few minutes before they were interrupted by another knock on the office door. In the open doorway stood Hux himself, smiling in a manner which was technically cordial but in effect slightly disturbing. ‘Ah, Dr Phasma,’ he observed, ‘I didn’t expect you to be here, I hope I’m not interrupting.’ ‘Not at all,’ said Phasma, standing up from her chair, ‘In fact I ought to get going.’ Phasma nodded goodbye to Kylo before leaving him alone with Hux, the alleged genius. ‘Your tutorial isn’t until tomorrow,’ Kylo told him, in a tone intended to reflect his displeasure at being disturbed. ‘According to the faculty website,’ said Hux, producing a screenshot on his smartphone, ‘Right now should be your office hours.’ Kylo gritted his teeth. This was technically true. He was always in his office at the specified times, so could not actually face repercussions for not providing the extra contact time, but prior to this none of his students had believed in his willingness to help them enough to actually turn up. Kylo gestured for Hux to sit down. His student neatly kicked out the doorstop on his way in, shutting the door behind him before taking the seat that had just been vacated by Phasma. Kylo eyed the closed door suspiciously. It was supposed to be left propped open whenever a student was in here with him. Then again, he didn’t want the undergraduates to think that he was some sort of stickler for the rules. ‘So, Hux,’ he asked, through gritted teeth, ‘How can I help you?’ ‘Well, you see Professor,’ Hux began, ‘I’ve been reading your book.’ ‘Which one?’ Kylo asked, barely restraining a smug smile. He loved being the sort of person who could ask that question. ‘Your first. Immorality. ’ Hux reached into a smart leather satchel and produced a hardcover copy of the book in question. ‘Now, I noticed,’ he continued, gesturing to the book’s jacket, ‘That the reviews have described it as “ground-breaking” and “a truly original addition to the canon of modern philosophy.”’ He looked at Kylo expectantly. ‘Well,’ said Kylo, after a long moment in which both seemed expect the other to say something. ‘It is.’ ‘“Ground-breaking”? “Truly original”?’ ‘Yes,’ he replied. The younger man was truly trying his patience now. What on earth was he attempting to achieve? For one wild moment he wondered if his student was going to try and seduce him, but quickly rejected the possibility on the grounds that nobody would do something this bizarre in a bid to attract a mate. Hux leant back in his chair. His eyes narrowed. ‘So then,’ he continued, stowing the book once again in his satchel. ‘“Kylo Ren”. That’s an assumed name, is it not, Professor?’ ‘Yes.’ This was common knowledge. What his name had been changed from , that was a different matter, but the name change in itself was no secret. ‘I didn’t want to be seen to be using my… family connections to get ahead. Any of this can be found with a simple Google search, you know. Hux, please approach something resembling a point.’ ‘All right,’ said Hux, with a thin smile, ‘I will. You see, I was reading a book the other day that some striking similarities to your own work. I could only find one copy of it anywhere in the world and it just so happened to be in a closed stack of the university library. Morality and Immorality , by Anakin Skywalker. You may have heard of it?’ Kylo’s throat went dry. His chest suddenly felt very tight. ‘In fact, the similarities were so striking that entire passages seem to be lifted word for word from Skywalker’s work into your own. And yet, despite this, I couldn’t find his book credited anywhere. Not in the Acknowledgments, not in the Bibliography, not in a single solitary footnote. Now why do you suppose that might be?’ ‘Hux, what exactly are you getting at?’ ‘What am I getting at? That I could destroy your academic career in minutes if I informed the university of the extent of your plagiarism.’ They sat in silence for some minutes, Hux smiling smugly, Kylo boiling with an inexpressible rage. ‘Now,’ continued Hux, folding his hand in his lap, ‘What might you be willing to do, do you think, in order to prevent my, say… letting this information slip?’ Kylo glared at the other man, but didn’t dare say anything. He’d built such a promising career for himself. He was the youngest professor the university had hired in years. If this information got out the humiliation would be unbearable, not to mention he’d surely be out of a job. ‘If I hadn’t made the work of Skywalker known to the public it would have lain neglected forever,’ he informed Hux, in what was almost a snarl. ‘Interesting you chose to raise its profile by claiming it as your own,’ Hux smirked. ‘What are you doing, Hux?’ asked Kylo, his voice low and threatening. ‘Oh,’ said Hux, in mock surprise, ‘I would have thought that much was obvious. I’m blackmailing you.’ ‘For what, exactly?’ Hux pushed his phone over the table towards Kylo. ‘I can’t tell you here. Give me your cell number. I’ll message you to arrange a meeting.’ Kylo took the phone and, glaring suspiciously at Hux, tapped in his number. Hux took the phone, and made ready to leave. ‘Don’t worry,’ Hux informed him on his way out, ‘It’s nothing grotesquely sexual or horrifically violent. Strictly PG-13.’ After Hux had left, Kylo buried his face in his hands. Somehow, that wasn’t much in the way of reassurance. Notes: Kylo: [sins academically] Chapter 3 Summary: Slightly longer chapter this time. Finn takes one step forward, two steps back, while Kylo Ren has a secret blackmail meeting with his secret blackmailer. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Finn was sitting on a bench in the library quad. There was a slight chill in the air, and the leaves were turning slowly red and gold, but it was a fine day to be outside if you’d remembered your coat. Finn and Rey both had coursework for later in the term – Finn for his post colonialism class and Rey for ethics. They knew from previous experience that putting both of them in the same room and expecting them to work rather than procrastinate or bicker was a lost cause. Consequently, Finn, who preferred working in less enclosed spaces anyway, had ceded the room to Rey, and found other places to do his studying. It had been several weeks since his embarrassing encounter with the librarian he now knew as Poe Dameron. Whilst Finn had told himself he wasn’t going to let himself feel awkward about it, he had found himself trying to covertly ascertain whether Poe was working before he entered the university library alone. This nervousness had, however, nothing to do with his decision to sit outside in the sunshine to reread Omeros. The day was bright and the colder temperature kept him alert. The library was there if he needed it, but for now, Finn was content. He looked around the quad at the campus buildings and let out a sigh as if he was releasing himself of all stress. Whilst his gaze was raised from the page, he noticed a small animal approaching at speed from the other side of the square of grass. Finn had just enough time to register that it was small, fat, a puppy, and wearing an orange collar, before it launched itself at him, and began barking loudly in the direction of Finn’s backpack. ‘Hey, whoa!’ said Finn, trying to soothe the energetic dog, ‘You can’t have that!’ The dog, perhaps because it was a dog, or perhaps because it had no interest in doing what it was told, ignored Finn, grabbed some of the backpack in its mouth, and began to shake it from side to side. Finn grabbed the bag himself, and tried to wrest it from the puppy’s grasp, but its mouth was surprisingly strong and it stood its ground. ‘Hey!’ called a voice close by, ‘BB-8. BB-8! Drop that and come over here.’ The dog reluctantly let go of the bag, gave Finn what seemed to be a warning look, and scampered over to the man who was striding across the quad to greet it. A man who was, Finn realised with no small amount of panic, the cute librarian himself, Poe Dameron. Poe attached a lead to the collar of the pudgy animal, and rushed over to stand in front of Finn’s bench. ‘Hey, I’m so sorry about that!’ Poe looked more than a little flustered, with tousled hair and flushed cheeks. Finn couldn’t help but find it utterly adorable, and then curse himself for reigniting his pointless crush. ‘It’s, uh, no trouble,’ he replied, wondering if there was any way he could prolong this interaction with Dameron. ‘I don’t know what he was so interested in.’ He opened his bag a little to reveal the contents. ‘All I have in here is an old library copy of Ulysses … He a literature fan, by any chance?’ Poe laughed. ‘You could say that. He’s used to old books ‘cause we have crates of ‘em at home that I’m adding to the library’s online catalogue. I guess now he thinks all books that smell like that belong to us, that right, buddy?’ Poe leant down to ruffle the dog’s head, and it barked appreciatively. ‘You’re, um, Poe Dameron?’ asked Finn, deciding to take the risk of coming off as creepy for the potential pay-off of a longer conversation. ‘My friend spoke to you I think…’ ‘That’s me,’ grinned the librarian. He didn’t seem weirded out by Finn’s knowledge. If anything, he seemed flattered. ‘And you’re… Finn, right?’ This wasn’t what he’d expected at all. ‘You… know who I am?’ ‘Yeah, I mean, I don’t remember the names of everyone whose cards I scan through the system, but sometimes people stick out, y’know?’ Poe replied, thoughtfully. ‘It’s not a bad thing!’ he added, seeing Finn’s look of panic. ‘Just means you were interesting!’ Finn wasn’t wholly convinced of this. He reached down to pet the dog, which seemed a lot more agreeable now it had found its master. ‘BB-8, huh?’ ‘Yeah,’ replied Poe, running a hand through his hair, ‘Kind of a weird name for a dog, right? It’s part of the code on his microchip. I guess I thought it sounded cute.’ Finn chuckled. ‘It’s cute all right. Stands out too. Although I guess having a dog on campus stands out enough anyway.’ Poe frowned. He looked a lot more worried, and Finn hoped he hadn’t ruined their conversation somehow. ‘Yeah, he shouldn’t really be here, only we moved into a new place the other day and he ain’t settled yet. Gets all sad when I leave. I told Professor Organa and she said to bring him in till he’s more comfy but I can’t exactly take him into the library…’ ‘Professor Organa?’ asked Finn, wondered if he’d heard correctly. ‘Principal Organa, yeah. She’s my doctoral supervisor and she’s just about the best person I know but I still don’t think she’d be too happy if BB-8 here ran ‘round the library stealing any book he likes the smell of.’ ‘I could look after him.’ The words had left Finn’s mouth before he even had time to fully process them. Poe looked surprised at first, and then delighted. ‘Really? I mean, man, you don’t have to but if you could … I’d owe you one for sure.’ He punched Finn lightly on the shoulder, grinning broadly. ‘Yeah?’ said Finn, and then with more certainty: ‘Yeah! I mean, I’m just gonna sit here and read so… you’ll be like… how long?’ Poe looked at his watch. ‘Only an hour or so. Not working at the desk today, just scanning out the books I need to catalogue at home.’ ‘Cool!’ said Finn, taking the lead from Poe’s outstretched hand. ‘Anything I need to know about him?’ ‘Erm…’ considered Poe. ‘Not really. Just, like, try and make sure he shits in the flowerbeds not on the pathways.’ ‘Right,’ said Finn, unsure what to do if the dog did shit on the pathways. ‘Gotcha.’ ‘Great!’ called Poe, dashing towards the library. ‘See ya!’ The dog hopped up onto the bench and seemed to eye Finn suspiciously. ‘Don’t look at me like that,’ he told it. ‘My intentions towards your master are pure, I swear.’ The dog seemed satisfied with his answer, and placed its head on the bench. Within less than a second, it had fallen asleep, a contented expression on its face. Finn found it difficult to concentrate on his work in the wake of his conversation with the librarian, but he persevered and got through another thirty pages or so, despite having to read everything at least twice to take it all in. When Poe returned, he had taken a short break, and was idly petting the still sleeping dog. ‘He been good?’ Poe asked, cheerfully. He was carrying a large canvas bag full of old books. BB-8 woke up, and barked happily, jumping around on the bench. ‘He’s been asleep mostly,’ said Finn, handing the lead back over, ‘So very good. The best.’ Poe chuckled. ‘Hey,’ Finn continued, ‘D’you need a hand with that bag?’ Poe looked down at the books. ‘Uh, yeah, sure if it’s no trouble. I just need to get them to my car.’ Finn took one handle of the bag, and Poe held on to the other as well as BB-8’s lead. ‘Um, Poe,’ Finn began, as they made their way across to the carpark with the hefty bag, ‘Would you… I mean, would you consider… maybe going out sometime? Like, a date? Like, a date sort of going out?’ Poe seemed startled, and briefly stopped walking before abruptly starting again, Finn trying all the time to keep up. ‘Finn, buddy, I… I’m not sure that would be appropriate. I mean, for one thing I’m kinda old for you don’t you think? You’re, what, twenty one?’ ‘Twenty,’ Finn corrected him. Poe winced, and Finn admonished himself for not having had the common sense to lie. ‘I’m twenty-seven. And let me let tell you, that might not seem like a big deal now, but if I ask you again when you’re my age…’ Poe shook his head knowingly. ‘I’d have to still be around for you to ask me,’ said Finn, hopefully. Poe laughed. ‘Fair point. It’s not just the age difference I’m having to consider though. On account of my being employed by the university I’m not allowed to engage in any relationship that might be seen as an abuse of power.’ They had reached Poe’s car. He handed Finn BB-8’s lead as he went to open the trunk. ‘And… librarians have a lot of power to abuse?’ ‘Look, I’m sorry about this. Really, I am,’ said Poe, placing a hand on Finn’s shoulder. ‘But I just can’t risk it. I… I really need this job, see? But there’s no reason why we can’t still hang out. As friends.’ Hope bloomed in Finn’s chest, big and dangerous like a hot-air balloon full of hydrogen. ‘Yeah?’ ‘Sure,’ grinned Poe, ‘Why not?’ Finn left their meeting with a number scrawled on the back of a blank library ticket and heightened feelings of adoration that were destined, it would seem, to go nowhere. * * * Kylo was late to the restaurant, partly because the traffic was bad, partly to annoy Hux as much as he could without risking his career, and partly because he was late to everything by nature, including his own classes. The venue Hux had selected for their meeting was ostentatiously fancy, and Kylo was glad he’d chosen to wear a button-up shirt that day even though normally he took advantage of the university’s lax dress code to wear a t-shirt and jeans. He spotted Hux in a booth on the far side of the dining area, and, informing one of the suspiciously hovering waiters that he was here to meet someone, headed over to where his student was examining the menu. ‘You’re late,’ Hux observed. ‘Couldn’t be helped,’ Kylo told him, not actually able to bring himself to apologise. ‘So, what is it you want?’ ‘Professor,’ said Hux, frowning in annoyance, ‘No need to be hasty, let’s at least get some food first.’ Kylo slumped back in the seat, enraged, but powerless to do anything. He was beholden to Hux’s every whim, and hating every second of it. A waiter came over to the table. ‘Can I get you anything to drink, gentlemen?’ Hux examined the list of white wines and ordered something unpronounceable. The waiter looked at Kylo expectantly. ‘I’ll have a large glass of your cheapest red.’ The waiter frowned. ‘Our cheapest wine would be the – ‘ ‘Great, I’ll have it.’ Kylo stared very deliberately away from the waiter who, looking somewhat affronted, scurried away to retrieve the drinks. ‘You know it’s all fake, right?’ he told Hux with an air of superiority. ‘Wine criticism?’ ‘Gosh, professor, you amaze me,’ replied his student with a raised eyebrow, ‘I wouldn’t have thought you’d be one to take such a principled stance against other people’s life’s work being a sham.’ Glowering, Kylo looked around the restaurant. At this stage it was fifty-fifty whether either of them would survive such prolonged exposure to each other’s company. There were so many people there. He didn’t think he recognised anyone but in such a busy environment how could he know for sure? ‘Hux,’ said Kylo in a low voice, leaning towards him across the table, ‘Why did we come here?’ ‘What?’ said Hux, who had moved on to choosing his meal, ‘Oh, don’t worry professor, I’ll pay. The price should keep any students out, not the mention most of the academics.’ ‘For fuck’s – Look, it’s not that that I’m worried about. This place is packed. Someone’ll see us and they’ll think – ‘ Kylo swallowed. He knew very well what people would think if they saw a teacher and his student getting dinner together, alone in a swanky restaurant, and it didn’t bear thinking about. He was already facing academic ruin from one angle, and at least in that instance he’d actually done the crime of which he stood to be accused. To be accused of having an affair with a student he could barely stand to be around would be something else entirely. ‘It’s crowded,’ agreed Hux, looking up from the menu in irritation, ‘so, we’re less likely to stick out. No one will remember us. We’re just two more people getting dinner. Or at least, no one will remember us so long as we keep our heads down and don’t do anything to make us stand out.’ Hux did have a point, Kylo mused as the waiter arrived with the wine, but he still couldn’t help feeling that this venue had also been chosen as some cruel and unusual form of intimidation, as Hux was obviously far more at ease here than he was. By wrong-footing him again, Hux had stopped him from regaining any of the authority he might have had. Hux wanted him to feel powerless, he was sure of it. They ordered their food, Hux with deliberation, Kylo with a judged carelessness. As soon as the waiter had left them, Kylo turned to Hux with more urgency than previously. ‘Hux,’ he hissed, ‘We’ve ordered our food. Could you please tell me what it is I’m supposed to do for you?’ The younger man sipped his drink, and licked his lips with a quick flick of his tongue. Kylo wasn’t sure if he was savouring the taste of the wine or anticipating what he was about to say, but there was something maddening about it all the same. Hux set his glass down. There was a pattern in the condensation of where his fingers had been, and Kylo found himself examining it so as to avoid looking at his blackmailer. ‘All right,’ Hux conceded. ‘All right.’ He paused, as if to collect his thoughts. ‘From when I began my studies up to the present moment I have enjoyed unparalleled success in the Politics and Economics departments. Perhaps you’ve heard about it?’ ‘No,’ lied Kylo. ‘Well,’ Hux continued, ‘The crux of the matter is that in every paper I have taken so far, I’ve come top in my class. By quite a large margin actually. And I’m rather keen on maintaining my winning streak.’ ‘Why?’ Kylo couldn’t help asking. ‘It doesn’t get you a better degree than your classmates who are also in the upper grade boundaries. Why are you so bothered about it?’ The food arrived, and for a moment they found themselves sitting in an awkward silence until the waiter had gone. ‘Because,’ Hux told him, taking another sip of wine, ‘In order to achieve my aims upon graduating I will need to prove myself to be absolutely exceptional.’ Kylo didn’t say anything. He didn’t care about Hux’s future career, especially given that his own was in jeopardy. ‘Now,’ Hux continued, ‘Comes the problem. Ethics isn’t exactly my strong suit, but I don’t want to let my standards slip. All you need to do is to make sure my marks are the highest in the class, and I won’t let anyone know the truth about your book.’ Kylo felt as if a weight had suddenly been lifted from his shoulders. ‘Then I can’t help you,’ he told Hux, triumphantly. ‘I don’t grade the coursework. It’s marked externally.’ ‘I know that,’ Hux replied, swirling the wine in his glass. ‘But I also know that our tutors check through the papers before the grades are released, and have the power to change any marking they feel is inaccurate.’ ‘Yes,’ said Kylo, ‘If it’s one or two marks either way and the overall grade is affected. Not anything on this scale.’ Hux shrugged. ‘That’s your problem. For what it’s worth, I doubt anyone will check, and if they do, you can always tell them I suffered a personal crisis that unfairly affected my grade or something.’ ‘So I’m to lie for you?’ ‘Isn’t that what you’re good at?’ Hux asked him, dabbing at his mouth with a napkin. ‘All right,’ Kylo acknowledged, ‘I understand what you get out of me if I do what you tell me. But why set up a plan where if I refuse to do what you say you don’t get anything out of it at all?’ Hux considered. ‘I don’t really think that’s a fair reflection of my aims and abilities. There’s always a way to spin other people’s misfortune in your favour. Have you heard, for example, the persistent rumour that I had one of my classmates killed when I was younger?’ Kylo, who had decided he may as well eat his food, and eat it quickly, could only shake his head in response. ‘He died in a car accident. Very tragic. He was a great friend of mine. But by allowing my peers to think I had something to do with it, I bought immunity from harassment from my classmates for the whole of my high school career. Neat, right?’ ‘He was your friend ?’ Kylo managed to say, in between mouthfuls of food. ‘And then he was dead. And in death he wasn’t anyone’s friend, although of course that didn’t mean he wasn’t of use to me. Of course, these days my methods aren’t so crude, but I think it’s safe to say that I could make your disgrace work in my favour if I wanted it to.’ Kylo had no idea whether to believe Hux’s story, but he decided not to let his uncertainty get in the way of finishing his meal. The food here, though he was reluctant to admit as much, was really very good. He made swift work of the dish, and before long a waiter came to take the plates away. ‘Dessert?’ Hux asked him, with a tight smile. Kylo shook his head, frowning in disbelief that Hux would think he might willingly put himself through more of this torture. ‘Then the bill, please,’ Hux instructed the waiter. True to his word, Hux paid for the meal. Kylo considered insisting on paying himself, or at least paying for his own food, so that he wouldn’t feel so infantilised by someone younger than him and theoretically under his control. Still, in the end his dislike of spending too much of what was to his mind a frustratingly meagre salary won the day. Plus, he figured that as he’d been forced to endure Hux’s smug machinations for hour without losing his temper, he may as well get a free meal out of it. They left the restaurant together, and stood outside for a moment, as if they were both unsure how to proceed, even though the logical course of action would be, to Kylo’s mind, to get away as soon as possible. ‘Well,’ said Hux, ‘I trust you’ll acquiesce to my demands.’ He thrust his chin up haughtily, as if trying to compensate for the fact that now they were standing Kylo had a good few inches on him height-wise. ‘It doesn’t seem like I have any choice,’ muttered Kylo, thrusting his hands in his pockets, and then cursing himself for the petty adolescence of the gesture. They stood looking at each other for another moment, and then Kylo turned his back on Hux and walked away without a second glance. Notes: Some extra info for non-UK people: Hux's subject, Politics, Philsophy and Economics (or 'PPE') is kind of notorious for being a course for slightly evil people who want to go into politics. Of course, not every PPE student you meet at university will be a dickhead, but a lot of the dickheads you meet may coincidentally be PPE students. Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was taking all Rey’s energy not to give up, lay her head down on the desk and go to sleep. She wasn’t sure if she was understanding anything Professor Ren was saying. She wasn’t sure he cared if his class understood or not. On top of that, the redheaded boy – Hux, that was his name – had become even more insufferable than before for reasons that weren’t entirely clear to her. He seemed to be able to interrupt, contradict, and insult the professor even more, and face even fewer consequences for his general dickishness. If it’d been just about anyone else trying to trip Ren up, Rey would have been all for it, but as their champion was the only person possibly more dislikeable than Ren himself she couldn’t find it in her heart to support him. How was Hux allowed to obstruct the classes so much with his snide questions and awful opinions? Rey wondered for a wild moment if Ren and Hux were having an affair. ‘Hux, suck my dick immediately.’ ‘I understand what you’re saying professor, but if we consider for a moment the contrary position how about you suck my dick.’ The two of them would argue for hours and no one would get their dick sucked. Rey had to restrain a chuckle at the thought. That couldn’t be it. No way. Still, their ridiculous antagonism wasn't improving what was shaping up to be a monumentally crap day. She’d left early for class so that she could visit one of the campus nurses before subjecting herself to Ethics with Professor Ren. Rey’s nurse of choice was a small women with leathery skin. Her name was Maz, and Rey had trusted instantly her medical skill given that she seemed so impossibly ancient that she must have somehow achieved immortality. Rey had sat down with Maz, and tried to find a delicate way of broaching the subject of masturbation before eventually blurting it out. ‘I just can’t seem to… come!’ Rey bent over her notebook and cringed at the memory of it, having now given up on getting anything out of today’s class. Maz hadn’t been awkward or offended, but had laughed in a way that was entirely kind and not at all judgmental. Rey had then explained the issue as she experienced it, Maz listening and nodding. ‘It’s not an uncommon problem,’ Maz had told her. ‘For now, it could just be you aren’t relaxed enough, that you’re putting too much pressure on yourself.’ ‘Isn’t there anything I can do?’ Rey had asked, cursing herself for how desperate she sounded. ‘For now,’ Maz had said, with a mischievous look in her eye, ‘And this is strictly off the record – I would get yourself a vibrator.’ Rey frowned, and began to doodle on her notebook. Maz was lovely, but she still felt ashamed to not be able to sort out something so ordinary on her own. She looked at the clock. Five more minutes. She could stand five more minutes of Ren… right? * * * Kylo looked at the clock. Five more minutes. He could dismiss class early, but no, that would be letting his adversary win. He knew his student was deliberately seeing how far he could push him, asking intentionally difficult questions, contradicting his arguments for the sake of it, correcting his grammar – spoken grammar, mind you, not even written – but he’d be damned if he’d give in. Hux had always made a point of sitting right at the front and centre of the classroom, and whilst that had always been irritating, it was only now it took on a truly unsettling quality. Whatever he was saying, whatever he was thinking, if Kylo looked down he saw Hux, arms folded, smirking. Even if he looked straight ahead, Hux’s bright red hair and excruciating aura of smugness remained in his peripheral vision. There was no way to avoid his presence, and what made it worse was the certainty he was toying with Kylo on purpose. When class was finally over, and the students had filed out – some more hastily than others, the girl almost sprinting for the door – Kylo breathed a sigh of relief, and sank down into the seat behind his desk. ‘You know,’ said an irritatingly familiar voice from the doorway, ‘You can still discipline me.’ Kylo looked up to see Hux leaning against the doorframe with his arms folded, an eyebrow raised in apparent amusement. ‘What?’ ‘I mean,’ Hux continued, remaining in the entrance, half in, half out of the classroom, frustratingly within distance of being overheard, ‘It looks rather strange if I’m acting up and you’re just letting me. You ought to… I don’t know, fight back a little.’ Kylo took a deep breath in and out. It was not a technique that had ever been successful in managing his anger before, and it didn’t seem likely to spring into action now. Clenching his fists tightly and gritting his teeth, he tried to maintain some semblance of calm. ‘I had assumed,’ he said, ‘That if I said anything you would reveal what you know. Was that not the case?’ ‘Of course not. That wouldn’t get me to the top of the class very well, now would it?’ Hux replied, unfastening the button of what looked to be a pretty restrictive shirt collar. ‘This is just how I behave in a classroom setting. And you’ll have to deal with it. Presumably you have had some training in these matters?’ Kylo eyed the sliver of newly exposed throat. He had imagined that somewhere the smooth pinkish skin must give way to some kind of robotic machinery, rather than be confronted with the fact that he’d met a human being this actively terrible. He scowled, tearing his eyes away from the open collar and looking down at the desk. ‘Presumably,’ he muttered, but when he looked up, Hux had disappeared. * * * ‘I’m sorry, but we don’t have that book here.’ ‘What do you mean?’ Rey asked the librarian with barely disguised frustration. ‘I’ve ordered it. It was due back a week ago. I need it for my coursework.’ The librarian shrugged uneasily. ‘We can’t force people to bring books back. We just try and encourage them by fining them if they don’t. That’s how a library works I’m afraid.’ ‘Right,’ said Rey, ‘Right.’ Dejected, she left the university library. Would nothing go right for her today? She wandered back to the philosophy faculty. Maybe the library there, although small, could pull some strings to get her a copy of the book she needed, or give whoever currently had it on loan a kick up the arse to bring it back. ‘Hey!’ Rey, lost in thought, didn’t register the older man trying to attract her attention. ‘ Hey!’ She looked up, and saw two men stood by a rickety looking camper van. ‘Hey kid,’ said the shorter of the two as he wandered over to her, ‘How’s things?’ Rey clenched her fists in her coat pockets. ‘Oh, you know,’ she scowled, ‘Can’t get the book I need, had a class with the world’s worst professor, got told to wank harder by a member of the medical profession, and right now I’m getting bothered in the street by a strange man.’ The man chuckled appreciatively. He didn’t seem angry or patronising, but Rey was definitely still on her guard. ‘Well, that does sound rough. Chewie, get this girl a beer! You drink beer, right?’ Rey warily followed the man over to the camper van. The other man – a tall, biker-looking guy with more hair than Rey had thought humanly possible – reached into the van, and pulled out a drawer below one of the beaten up seats. Surprisingly for such knackered looking transportation, the interior of the drawer was revealed to be a pretty high tech looking refrigerator, its alcoholic contents illuminated in a cool blue light. The man – Chewie – took a bottle of beer from the drawer, prised the cap off with his teeth, and handed it to Rey, who sipped at it suspiciously. ‘So,’ the first man asked her, ‘You a politics student?’ ‘No,’ Rey told him, feeling a little confused, ‘Philosophy and Theology.’ She gestured towards the building in front of them. ‘Philosophy shares a faculty building with Politics and Economics. Sometimes there’s Law lectures in there too. It’s a bit of a mess.’ ‘Right,’ the man nodded. ‘Do you know a Professor Organa?’ Rey frowned. ‘You mean the Principal?’ Chewie grunted and nodded. ‘Yeah,’ said the other man, ‘That’s the one.’ ‘I know of her,’ Rey told him, ‘But obviously she doesn’t teach me. I’m not sure how many people she does teach, actually, even in the Politics department. I guess running a university is busy work.’ The man considered this, and Rey sipped her beer. ‘You don’t know if she’s seeing anyone, do you?’ Rey snorted and almost spat out her drink. ‘What?’ She looked from him to Chewie and back again, and saw he was serious. ‘No, I, er… How would I know that?’ ‘Right.’ The man seemed to consider this information. ‘Well, if you see her around, tell her Han Solo’s back.’ Still bewildered, but deciding these men weren’t a threat, Rey nodded and smiled. ‘I, er, certainly will do that, if I see her. Han Solo, right?’ ‘That’s me,’ the man grinned. After Han and Chewie had insisted on giving her another beer ‘for the road,’ Rey headed back to the dorm-room. She’d see about the book another day. Weird though the two men had undoubtedly been, Rey did feel more cheerful from having met them. She walked home with a beer bottle in each hand, sipping left and right alternately, and enjoying the funny looks she got from passing students and staff members. Finn was already in the room when she got back. ‘Well,’ he said, eyeing the beer bottles, ‘Looks like someone’s having a better day than I am at any rate.’ Rey laughed. ‘Trust me, things were terrible until about half an hour ago. I met this weird old man who wanted to know if Principal Organa was single, and now I’ve kind of promised to tell her ‘Han Solo’s back’ if I ever bump into her. Not sure how that’ll go down.’ ‘Han Solo?’ Finn mused, ‘Didn’t someone called Han Solo teach here a while back?’ ‘I doubt it,’ replied Rey, ‘He seems to live in this beat-up old campervan with some biker dude.’ ‘Right,’ said Finn. He seemed lost in thought for a moment. ‘Hey!’ Rey exclaimed, ‘Weren’t you hanging out with Poe today? How did that go?’ Finn’s shoulders slumped. ‘Oh, man, it was… Rey, you gotta come with me next time, it’s just too weird.’ ‘So it… went badly?’ ‘No,’ Finn told her, ‘But that’s the problem. It’s all amazing, he’s… well, you’ve seen him, and even though I know it’s not a date I can’t stop thinking like it is. It’s fucking me up.’ ‘You really want me to come with you?’ asked Rey. ‘Yeah,’ said Finn, smiling broadly, ‘Yeah, I do.’ ‘And I won’t just be third-wheeling the whole time?’ ‘How could you be?’ Finn pointed out. ‘We’re not dating.’ Notes: I didn't *mean* to write a story where Rey's journey into the world of sexuality mirrors her discovery of the power of the force it just sort of... happened?? Chapter 5 Summary: Just FYI there's some light BDSM in this chapter so if that's not your jam you can skip from the second to the third set of asterisks and it won't interfere with your understanding of the plot. Notes: I have made a tumblr also under the name kawaiilo-ren so if you for some reason want to hang out and cry about Star Wars with me then THAT IS NOW AN OPTION. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The worst part of it was, she couldn’t really blame either of them. Finn was still the best friend she’d ever had. Poe was a new person in her life, true, but he was too damn nice for her to find it in her heart to hold him responsible. But the fact remained, hanging out with the two of them together was unequivocally hard work. The diner they’d gone to for lunch was not extravagant, but it had a cute retro vibe that seemed to attract couples. Almost everyone else in the joint seemed to be on a date of some description. Except, supposedly, Rey, Poe and Finn. Supposedly. Throughout the meal Finn and Poe had been uniquely fascinated by each other’s conversation. They’d stare, and nod, and ask so many questions about their stories that Rey couldn’t help but feel side-lined. She’d even caught them glancing at each other’s lips a few times before promptly looking anywhere else in the restaurant. One time their legs brushed unexpectedly under the table and they both were suddenly very flustered. They should just date properly , Rey concluded within minutes of hanging out with them. Or they should cool off for a while and not see each other at all. They’re only torturing themselves by trying to force this to remain platonic. Themselves and anyone within a ten metre radius, that is. ‘Wow,’ said Poe, looking at Rey’s empty plate. ‘You eat really fast!’ ‘I suppose that happens when you don’t talk,’ Rey replied. It wasn’t supposed to sound bitter, but it sure came out that way. Poe thankfully didn’t pick up on it, but Finn shot her a questioning look over the table, and Rey grimaced apologetically. Whilst Poe and Finn scrambled to finish their own food Poe asked Rey some polite questions about her studies and her background. It was well-intentioned, and Rey appreciated it, but it didn’t quite allow her to shake the feeling that she was just a sideshow for Poe and Finn to the main event of exchanging longing glances. They got the bill. Rey and Finn went for their wallets, but Poe dismissed them with a wave of his hand. ‘Hey, I got this. I’m the only one who makes actual money after all.’ The waitress came back and Poe paid for the meal on his card. Rey wondered if she would think that Poe was on a date with both of them, or perhaps if he was their young, attractive uncle or something. She wondered which of those possibilities she was least uncomfortable with. ‘Hey, so, my place is just down the road from here, you guys wanna visit?’ Poe asked, buttoning up his coat in the street outside the diner. ‘Rey can meet BB-8!’ ‘Oh,’ Rey replied, wrapping her scarf round her neck. ‘Thanks, but I have a lot of work to do, so…’ ‘Aw, come on, Rey!’ grinned Finn, ‘It’ll be fun!’ The combination of a broad smile and an imploring, pleading expression made his overall look slightly terrifying. Rey tried to think of a polite way to refuse Poe’s invitation, but Finn seemed to have made the decision for her, and was already following Poe down the street. Rey sighed in exasperation. She couldn’t abandon Finn, not when he’d asked her to come, but she needed to get as much of her coursework written that could be finished without the book so that when it did eventually arrive, she’d still make the deadline. Rey sloped off after Finn and Poe. Poe had put his arm around the taller man, and was idly stroking Finn’s right shoulder with his thumb. They were both giggling at something one of them had said. Rey’s shoulders slumped. It was going to be a long day. * * * Poe’s place was admittedly pretty great. The house itself was chic and modern, the furniture minimal but well-built and expensive. Rey wondered how long Poe must have saved up to buy each individual piece. The colour palette was blacks, browns and oranges, and it all looked neat and well put-together. Rey was impressed, especially given her own more haphazard approach to decorating. ‘Hey, Poe,’ she called through to the kitchen from the lounge, ‘This is great, a real bachelor pad!’ ‘Yeah, well,’ said Poe, who was making coffee, ‘Hopefully it won’t be that way for too much longer.’ He then seemed to realise what he’d said, swung round suddenly and knocked the toaster onto the floor. Finn laughed awkwardly and set the toaster back on the counter. They walked around as they sipped their coffee, Poe showing them the house. Adjoining the kitchen was a large empty room with French windows that opened onto a spacious yard. A puppy was lying in a dog bed in the corner of the room, but as soon as they walked in he ran up to Poe and started barking excitedly. ‘Hey, buddy,’ said Poe, smiling and patting the dog on his head. ‘This is BB-8,’ he informed Rey. ‘He’s very energetic.’ The puppy had now turned his attention to Rey, and was sniffing at her shoes with great enthusiasm. ‘He sure is. This is supposed to be a dining room, I think, but I don’t have any dining room furniture, so I guess it’s BB-8’s room now.’ Poe went to the French windows, unlocked the door and slid it back. BB-8 trotted out happily into the garden. ‘When I’m at home he can go run around the yard whenever he wants. Plus, the room’s pretty big so even when I’m not here there’s enough space for him to play.’ Poe talked about his dog with such warmth and enthusiasm that Rey couldn’t help but like him all the more. For the first time she really understood what it was her friend saw in the librarian. He’s a good guy , she mused. I just wish he hadn’t ended up leading Finn on like this, whether he means to or not. The house tour gave Rey more opportunities to get involved in the conversation than previously, but she still could have done without Finn’s getting flustered when Poe showed them the bedroom, and then again when his discussion of the bath and shower facilities intimated that he might at some points in his life be completely naked. Luckily, once they’d finished their coffee Finn was cool with heading back to campus. Rey had to check the library to see if her book had arrived – it hadn’t – and was forced to postpone going over the day’s events with Finn until she got back to the dorm room, not wanting to risk making a scene in public. ‘Finn?’ she asked, as she began to take off her hat and scarf. ‘About today…’ Finn spun round on the chair at their shared desk. ‘It was great, right? Poe’s so great.’ He sounded so smitten that Rey almost thought twice about bursting his bubble. But her own well-being had to take priority, she knew that. ‘I’m sorry, Finn,’ Rey sighed, and she really was sorry, albeit also worried that Finn wouldn’t think so. ‘But I really can’t do that again. I barely have enough time to involve myself in non-excruciating social situations what with my coursework deadline coming up, and while I’m sure that was a lovely time for you, for me it was… well, pretty dire.’ ‘Pretty dire?’ said Finn. He sounded hurt. Rey winced. ‘Excruciating?’ ‘That was a little harsh, but surely you can imagine what it was like? The whole time sitting around like some spinster chaperone in a period drama? The sole purpose of my presence being to prevent the romantic leads from dry-humping on the chaise longue?’ ‘Rey,’ said Finn, slumping down onto his bed, ‘I’m trying my best, you know? He’s such a great guy and… and if this is the only way I can see him then that’s what I’ll have to do.’ ‘I know,’ said Rey, her voice more gentle now, ‘Really, I get it. It’s just… I’m your friend, and I care about you a lot, but it’s just not going to be healthy for me to be yours and Poe’s … fuck-buffer when I have my own life, and my own impending academic doom.’ Finn looked down at his hands, and seemed to consider this. ‘I’m sorry, Rey,’ he said, at last. ‘I… I wasn’t thinking.’ He looked up at her. Rey sighed. She wasn’t going to be able to stay mad at him and she knew it. ‘Finn, don’t do the puppy-dog eyes, you know that’s not fair.’ ‘So it’s working?’ Finn had asked her with such earnestness that Rey couldn’t help but begin to crack a smile. She shoved his shoulder in a rough gesture that communicated friendship and forgiveness more than any words could have. ‘Might be starting to,’ she conceded. * * * ‘You know you can still… discipline me…’ said Hux, his blue eyes wide and his pupils big and black. ‘Is that so?’ sneered Kylo, holding Hux’s chin in his hand and studying the younger man’s face. ‘You know you’re a terrible student, don’t you?’ Hux’s eyes flicked away from Kylo’s to the surface of the desk he’d been bent over. ‘I – ‘ ‘Hurry up, Hux,’ Kylo prompted him. ‘You know you’re a terrible student.’ ‘Yes, professor,’ Hux admitted. He was angry, but he was completely at Kylo’s mercy. ‘And what do you want me to do?’ Hux mumbled something, as Kylo stood up, and walked round the back of the desk. ‘What was that, Hux?’ ‘I want you to discipline me.’ ‘Good,’ said Kylo, raising his hand. ‘Good.’ He held his hand in the air for a second, before slapping it down on Hux’s ass, and again, and again, and again. Kylo reached his hand around Hux’s hip to feel the erection that was straining beneath his black slacks. He stroked it gently through the fabric, but not enough to give Hux the release he really needed. ‘You’re getting off on this, aren’t you?’ he whispered, ‘Disgusting boy.’ Hux groaned. ‘Quiet, now,’ said Kylo, as he prepared to strike him again. ‘We wouldn’t want to disturb the Economics class in the next room now would we?’ Come to think of it, Kylo wondered, why hadn’t the Economics class already been disturbed? Surely the slaps and groans ought to have brought Phasma running by now? And why was fucking Hux in his office, a location which was certainly not the private tryst they should have – * * * ‘So, Finn,’ said Poe, looking at him sternly over a pair of large framed glasses, ‘It seems you have a book overdue. There’s a fine.’ ‘Oh,’ said Finn, leaning against the desk, ‘I’m sorry, but I don’t have any money on me. Is there anything else I can do?’ ‘Well,’ said Poe, breathily, leaning in close, ‘I guess you’ll have to find some… other way to pay me.’ The library was empty. The library was never empty. Suddenly Finn was behind the desk. ‘What do you want me to do?’ he asked, throwing a hand round the librarian’s waist. Poe bit his lip nervously. ‘I don’t normally do this kind of thing, but… If you let me suck you off, we’ll call it quits.’ Finn nodded dumbly, and Poe got on his knees, unfastened his jeans, and pulled them down along with his underwear. Poe took Finn’s dick in his mouth, and Finn gasped. He stroked and grabbed at the man’s dark hair. Poe’s tongue seemed to be everywhere at once as his head bobbed up and down along Finn’s length, his hand caressing the parts of the shaft his mouth couldn’t reach. ‘Poe… I’m gonna…’ Poe moaned, his mouth still full of cock. Oh no, thought Finn, I’m going to get come on his glasses. Wait, thought Finn. Poe doesn’t wear glasses. And why is the library this quiet and how does Poe sucking my dick pay the fine and – Finn woke up panting and uncomfortably hard. Shit, he thought. Shit, Shit, SHIT. * * * Across town, Professor Kylo Ren had likewise arisen aroused. Fuck, he thought, Fuck, Fuck, FUCK. * * * In the fog of recent sleep, the truth had not fully dawned on either of them, but as their senses sharpened it became clear. They were completely, utterly and irrevocably screwed. Notes: Cheesy porno dream sex is my aesthetic.