They want her- the First Order. That's plain for anyone to see. She who had taken on Kylo Ren and lived to tell the tale. She who could match him blow for blow. She who could break down his carefully and thoroughly erected barriers. Rey is no novelty and both sides, light and dark, know it. It’s also just as evident that Snoke will stop at nothing to win her, to have her amongst his ranks. She would rather die. She finds herself discussing the matter with Luke one night, land pitch black around them save for the crackling fire that separates them. That's when he mentions… it in passing, as if it were nothing more than a minor detail. She isn’t willing to let it go so easily. “Excuse me?” Making no attempt to mask the horror in her voice, Rey cuts right across him, watching as his brow furrows in confusion. “Ben, he’s vulnerable. Always has been.” “No, not… not that. What you said a minute ago, that Snoke wants me to…” She can’t even finish that sentence but she's confident that she doesn’t need to, that he will understand. Ah. Nodding slowly, not at all surprised that she would pick up on that, Luke struggles to find a way to put it as delicately as possible, because it seems impossible to think of a subject that is more delicate . “Snoke doesn’t just want you for your force abilities,” he explains, drawing it out, “I had thought myself to be the last of the Jedi and, miraculously, I was mistaken, The Dark side… they find themselves in the same position. Not only does Snoke want to outnumber the Jedi by acquiring you, and probably disposing of me; he wants to make sure that the line does not finish with you and Ren. He wants the darkness to live on, to… multiply.” She struggles to find her voice for a moment but Master Luke is patient, he allows her all the time she needs. “But… the force would run in any… offspring of Ren’s, the mother doesn’t need to be force-sensitive too.” Surely if Rey did fall to the Dark side, which would never happen, there would be more to be said for breeding her with someone else, the same with him, to create a greater gene pool. Bile begins to rise in her throat at the thought of bearing his , that monster’s children. “It would. But Snoke could not resist the chance to produce a child that would be so strong in the force that, with the right guidance, could become the most powerful being the Galaxy has ever seen. And that is exactly what yours and Kylo Ren’s child- children- would be. A child like that could destroy the Light forever. So, as you can see, it is imperative that Snoke- or Ren- not get his hands on you.” Wrinkling up her nose in disgust, blood now pounding in her veins as anger floods through her, Rey sits up straight. “No, I’d take my own life before I gave birth to a monster like that.” Smiling sadly, Luke folds his arms loosely across his chest. “I don’t doubt it. Hopefully it won’t come to that.” “What about us? The Jedi?” She asks after a moment, curiosity getting the better of her, “Will there be more?” “There were more,” he answers, and for the first time Rey can really hear the bitterness in his voice, the disgust, “Ren saw to that, however; drove us nearly into extinction. The short answer is: I don’t know. Should you choose to become a mother someday, the line will most certainly continue. If not… we will see.” There’s no doubt in her mind that he is merely stating a fact, not intending to put any pressure on her. It is how it is, there’s no point denying it. Rey finds it hard to contemplate trusting someone enough, loving them enough, to want them to give her a child, maybe more than one. Her mind immediately wanders to Finn, whom she had bonded with in a way she had never done with any other human being. She loves him, if not romantically (though she isn’t really sure she knows what the word means)… enough that the thought of bearing his child didn’t make her sick. But Finn had already found his person in Poe and, although neither would probably outwardly mind so much given what was at stake, she doesn’t want to do that to them. Then something occurs to her. She looks up, head tilted as she observes her Master, wondering if it had crossed his mind too… “What you said about… that child; would then result be the same if both parents were of the Light side?” Despite his usually unwavering control over his emotions, Luke’s eyes widen in shock as he quickly realises what she’s inferring, what she’s asking. “Yes,” he regains control of his voice enough to answer, “Jedi aren’t supposed to form attachments so it’s never happened before- not with two force-sensitive parents at least- but, theoretically, yes.” Body tensing, though she’s not entirely sure why, Rey pulls her knees against her chest, chewing pensively on her bottom lip. She doesn’t know why she asked that question, what she’s planning on doing with that information. Her stomach flips as she mulls over his answer once again but, well, the thought of that doesn’t disgust her at all in comparison to the thought of bearing Kylo Ren’s child does. Regardless, she thinks she would rather not. “So that means I should…” Eyes narrowing, Luke’s lips press into a hard line. “You’re not an animal to be bred, Rey. You have more to offer the galaxy than just that.” She nods, feeling as if a weight has been lifted off her chest at his response, words clearly sincere. Rey says no more on the matter, changing the subject once her mind is clear enough to say something that isn’t completely unintelligent. She gets very little sleep that night. And neither does he. Days go by without another word said on the matter but Rey doesn’t forget. She mulls it over in her mind, sifts through the possibilities, weighs up the consequences… Realises what’s at stake. They’re eating out in the open, just like the last time, when she broaches the subject again. It’s an evening so similar that it could as well have been a continuation of that night. Taking a deep breath, she tries to steady herself, sure that he can sense her discomfort but is too polite to bring it up before she’s ready to talk about it. Rey feels incredibly thankful for that because this is something she needs to do on her own terms. “Master?” “Yes, Rey?” “I’ve been… thinking about it, what we spoke of a couple of days ago…” She decides she must be crazy for bringing it up again, if she is so be it. Heart beginning to thrum against her ribs, her hand fists at the coarse material of her clothes. “I think it’s… a good idea.” Luke inhales so sharply that he’s sure it’s clearly audible to her. Not for a moment had he been under the illusion that she had forgotten about it, but this? He can’t believe what he’s hearing. “Rey…” he exhales, voice shaky, “You don’t understand what you’re saying.” For some strange reason, that only serves to give her more confidence. “I do, Master. The future of the Jedi depends on this- depends on us . If what you say is true, we can possibly bring an end to the darkness altogether. We can use Snoke’s own plan against him.” “It’s too much of a burden for one person to bear. The fate of the galaxy should not rest solely upon your shoulders.” “It’s not just me,” she reminds him, “it’s you too.” Yes, it’s me too , he thinks, rather cynically, to himself. He wonders if it’s the prolonged period of self-imposed solitude alone that’s even allowing him to consider this. “I’m too old, you need to do this with someone more suited to you, that’s better for you.” “They wouldn’t be a Jedi. You say I’m more powerful than Kylo Ren; well you are too. Our… child would be so strong with the force it could put an end to all of this.” Trying to hide the jolt he felt at her use of the word ‘child’, Luke closes his eyes, trying desperately to keep himself grounded. “Rey… you don’t want to have my child.” “You’re wrong,” Rey tells him with an air of defiance that can only remind him of Leia and he wonders when exactly she’d become so convinced, how long she had been contemplating this, “I’m telling you what I want. Do you think I would have brought this up if I wasn’t sure?” She sounds sure, Luke can’t deny that, and that’s what gets to him more than anything. It’s impossible to shake the feeling that it would be taking advantage, that she’s innocent and vulnerable and confused. That he would ruin her if he did this. He fears she would change her mind and this wasn’t exactly something that was easily undone. “Rey…” Luke tries to be mindful, to keep his mind on the right track but his resolve isn’t as strong as he would like- it’s killing him; for every good reason to do this there are several better reasons not to. “Luke,” she replies firmly, determined, “I want you to give me a baby. If you don’t want to…” a blush begins to creep across her cheeks and she finds herself having to clear her throat, “Just once will be enough, I won’t ask for more than that.” Exhaling sharply, he looks straight at the fire, wondering how exactly she’d managed to unravel him like this. It’s his own fault, he thinks, he had been the one who had brought up Snoke’s plan, thought she had a right to know. Kylo. It’s only then that he realises that his competitor, per se , is his nephew and feels even dirtier than he thought possible. But what would happen if they found her? If they took her? Having one’s mind violated was despicable enough, one’s body was a completely different story. It leaves scars that would never heal. Mind already swimming, he knows that he can’t make a decision on this right now, he really needs to think about it. Her hazel eyes, almost black in the dim light, grow even more hopeful when he sighs softly, folding his arms across his chest. “I’m not- I can’t give you an answer right now, I’m sorry.” It’s not a flat rejection, which is admittedly what she had been expecting, and she’s thankful that he remained delicate even if she’s sure of what that answer will inevitably be. Even if it doesn’t work, she still has to try… Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 Notes: So glad you all seemed to like the first chapter! Hope you enjoy this one too :) They see less of each other than they usually do over the next couple of days, not that you can really hide when there’s only two people on the whole of the island. They continue to train (Rey swears she sees him rapidly averting his eyes when she looks in his direction) but outside of that and eating, they try their best to give each other some space. On the fifth day, she steps out of the hut, meeting him in the doorway. Smiling softly, if bashfully, she takes a step to the left, intent on heading for the shore to watch the large fish that sometimes appeared above the surface of the water, something she’d quickly become fond of after arriving on the island. Rey figures he probably wants some time to himself anyway. Only, when she goes to move, his bionic hand reaches out and grasps her wrist, causing her to stop dead in her tracks. Though he remains silent for a moment, Rey can tell from the torn look on his face what this is about. Eyebrows raised, she observes him just as silently, heart beginning to beat rapidly in her chest as his blue eyes practically stare right through to her soul. Luke gives a small nod, so small she could have easily missed it had all her attention not been focused on him, the corners of his mouth twitching as if a smile is threatening to break through and Rey almost laughs, because she’d done it, she’d managed to convince him. His grip loosens around her wrist and Rey takes the opportunity to tangle their fingers, the smooth metal surprisingly warm against her skin. Before her courage has a chance to leave her, she takes a step forward, only mere inches now separating them. But it isn’t for too long. Taking initiative, Rey inhales deeply, watching confusion in Luke’s eyes become shock when she closes the distance between them completely until their lips are touching, both too surprised by the flutter in sends through them to do anything but remain there, eyes loosely closed as they breathe each other’s breath until Luke musters up the courage to cup her cheek with his left hand, the softness of her skin beneath his fingertips almost unreal. His lips begin to move softly, slowly, against hers, acknowledging that there’s a good chance she hasn’t done this before. He knows only too well what it’s like on a god forsaken desert planet. Her response is a lot more than he expects, and he’s left wondering how he’s found himself being pulled along by her until her lips part and she’s kissing him with a force that he can hardly remember ever experiencing at this stage. It’s clumsy and probably wholly inelegant and Luke feels like he should run, that this is a mistake, that he’s pushing closer and closer towards the point of no return… Except he can’t he can’t physically tear himself away from her, doesn’t want to. His lips part in time with hers and he finds himself lucky enough to taste the sweetness of her mouth, his tongue ghosting over the inside of her bottom lip. What strikes him the most is that it doesn’t feel half as wrong as he’d expected, not even close. Her mouth becomes greedy and he feels her pushing for more; there’s no reason he shouldn’t give it to her, given the decision they’d come to together, what they are planning to do. Luke’s in no rush, they have all the time in the world as far as he’s concerned, and by no means does he want to rush her into anything. Although, it seems that she doesn’t need his protection, if her enthusiasm is anything to go by. Rey stills, taking a moment to catch her breath, to calm down a little lest her heart give out completely. He’s so warm, his body now pressed against hers, and she realises that she’s never felt more secure in her entire life, despite her inexperience. There in his arms she feels safe . “Luke…” Her voice is so soft, so faint that Luke wonders for a moment if his name had actually fallen from her lips or if he’s heard it through the force. The tickle of her breath against his cheek, sending shivers down his spine, answers that question for him. One hand beneath her chin, Luke brings her gaze back to meet his once again and finds that they are smouldering in a way that is so unfamiliar that it startles him, the clear longing not something he was expecting to see. “Rey…” “Now. Please .” “Okay.” She’s even more beautiful like this, spread out beneath him, than he could have possibly imagined, despite the fact that he makes a conscious decision to not let his eyes wander too much, fearing that wasn’t within the parameters of their… agreement. Rey, on the other hand, doesn’t seem too worried about that . Her eyes are wide with wonder and for a minute Luke wonders if it’s the act itself that has spurred this on, her curiosity, and not her desire to have a child. All capacity to think logically quickly leaves him, however, and he’s only left with the ability to feel - and feeling seems so unbelievably easy with her. She responds beautifully to his every touch, every movement, so much so that he becomes lost in her. Everything Rey does pushes him closer and closer; every time his name falls from her lips, every time those lips move against his… It’s over far too quickly; she reaches her peak first, dragging him unrepentantly over the cliff with her until they’re just left panting, a mess of tangled limbs. Luke remains where he is for a moment or two until his legs no longer feel like jelly, the sated smile on her face enough to ward off the potential guilt, if just for a little while. “What do I do now?” He knows exactly what she’s referring to; what will ensure that she will fall pregnant. “You don’t need to do anything, just… stay where you are.” A grin quickly spreads across her face and Luke finds himself smiling along with her. Biting her lip, her eyes lower momentarily as she absentmindedly scratches at her arm, just for something to do with her hand. “Do you need to go?” “Do you want me to go?” “No.” Not at all. “Then I’ll stay.” As Luke lies awake that night, his padawan curled against his side, he wonders if Snoke, if Ben will be able to sense it, the child that would most likely result from this. Chances are they will and he knows it’s now more important than ever to protect Rey from them, to keep her and their child safe. When it happens again, not two days later, they’re sure it’s under the guise of bettering their chances of conceiving although, if they’re both honest, it’s about a little more than that. The act, the intimacy, is something of a comfort- as if they’re at their best, their lightest when they’re together, each kiss, each caress strengthening the connection they had established. There’s still a job to be done, ways of the force to be learned, however and they’re careful to separate training and… whatever else they were doing. Rey’s lessons move more swiftly, since it’s likely that she is already pregnant. Luke goes easier on her, despite knowing that she of all people would be up to the challenge, fearing that her over-exerting herself would be detrimental to her health. Either way, he doesn’t want to take the chance. If she senses he’s holding back in any way, she certainly doesn’t say anything. The more the weeks go on, the more Rey finds herself crawling into bed with him- finding comfort in him, finding contentment in him. It’s only when she’s lying with her back pressed against his stomach and chest one mild night that she realises that they’d muddled things up, that they are no longer just Master and Padawan. That the lines between what they are and are not are blurred so much that they are practically no longer existent, they’d forged a bond that is almost impossible to label. Or maybe they just prefer to remain ignorant. And it frightens her as much as it makes her happy; Rey has never existed in such close proximity to someone before, let them see so much of her- body and soul. Perhaps the most baffling part is that it feels nice, it feels very nice . “Luke?” “Hmm?” His breath tickles the back of her neck, arm draped loosely over her hip. “You and General Organa are twins… do twins run in the family?” He helpless to keep from chuckling at the question and he doesn’t have to be looking at her to know that she’s smiling along with him. “It’s possible,” Luke muses, “Leia didn’t have twins but I guess there’s always a chance.” “Would you like twins?” A shiver runs down his spine at the innocence, the nonchalance of the question. The most shocking part is that it doesn’t feel misplaced, it feels natural and he begins to worry he’s in out of his depth. It doesn’t matter, he quickly decides, it’s far too late to be worry about that; what was done, both physically and emotionally, could not be undone. So he indulges himself for once in his life and hopes the consequences won’t be too bad. “Yeah, I think I would.” Chapter 3 : Chapter 3 Notes: Once again, thank you!! I hope you don't mind the way I'm writing this... it's not going to be the usual length of my multichapters so it's a bit jumpy :/ Both Luke and Rey have their suspicions, can sense something different about her, but it’s not until over two weeks after they were last intimate that her pregnancy is all but confirmed when she fails to bleed. Of course, she had missed bloods before when she was incredibly malnourished (which Luke assures her is normal) but this time… this time she knows it’s different. She’d never been healthier than she is now and, well, that coupled with the acts she and Luke had been engaging in pretty much makes her carrying a child a certainty. Joy floods through her, permeating every cell in her body and she has to find Luke, seeking him out immediately because they’d done it, the Jedi would live on as long as their child did. Of course, he already knows, is already coming to her when she goes in search of him. He looks happy, if not as outwardly so as she, but Rey can feel it, feel his aura, and knows that he appreciates the significance of this moment. Despite herself, she finds herself smiling bashfully when she finally comes face to face with him. In a moment of bizarre self-consciousness she averts her gaze, eyes finding a particularly interesting spot on the ground. She’s well aware that it makes no sense given how they’d gotten here but being face to face with Luke feels almost too intimate. She can’t find words to explain it, nor does she know what it means. It just… is what it is. “Congratulations, Rey,” his says softly and it’s enough to warrant bringing her gaze back to his. “You shouldn’t be congratulating me… You’re the one who did all the work if I remember correctly,” Rey doesn’t hesitate to remind him, smiling knowingly. Thankfully, he appears to be rather amused by her wit, the smile she receives in response to that filling her with warmth. “It was a joint effort,” he concedes, hesitating for a moment, “We should talk about your training…” She knows that is going to be an issue and nods gently, allowing him to continue. “You must continue learning the ways of the Force- you are far from finished- but that training will no longer happen here.” Smile faltering for once, confusion mixed with dread floods through her. For a moment she feels as if she’s going to be ill, thinks she needs to sit down. “No, you can’t send me away-“ “Rey, I’m not sending you anywhere. Like I said, you need to improve you skills. But you also need medical attention; with the… baby now in the picture, remaining her is no longer a viable option.” “But you’re coming?” He exhales a laugh. “Of course. I’m not going to send you back to my sister pregnant and not explain a thing. And who else would complete your training?” Biting her lip, Rey tries to swallow the shame she feels for even asking that question. He is her Master, she his Padawan; of course he would accompany her. But not only that, he’s also the father of her child. He had held her at night when she wanted him to, he had made love to her a couple of times… They’d made this decision, taken this path together. And that bound them in ways that science could not explain. “Then we go.” The journey to D’Qar is fraught with tension despite both their best efforts to keep their emotions in check. After the decision to leave had been made, they had waited another week, using the excuse of vital training that could not wait to enable their procrastination. It’s unclear what awaits them back on the Resistance base; Leia will surely be delighted to see her brother her again after all these years who knows how that will change when she learns of their news. Will she be disgusted? Will she think it a betrayal? Will she assume that the time spent on the island training was just a ruse, that they spent the whole time engaged in acts of debauchery? Rey’s sure the panic is emanating from her in waves, it must be as she soon feels a hand on her shoulder, feels Luke’s calming presence. Suddenly, she feels like she can breathe again. Funny how she has come to associate serenity with him, comfort with him. Safety with him. “Don’t worry about my sister. Let me take care of that.” ‘Cause it’s not going to be awkward when I’m waddling around, heavily pregnant with her brother’s baby , she thinks, rather sarcastically, to herself. Her shields must be fully down because Luke laughs along with that. The light she sees when she looks right into his blue eyes causes even more of her worry to vanish, so much so that she finds herself smiling again. “It’s true.” “She’ll understand, Rey. She might kill me but I think you’re safe.” Wincing involuntarily at that, her smile falters once again. It’s just a joke, she knows he’s got a good sense of humour- when she finally managed to delve through the pain, the remorse, that had only been too evident- and it’s something she loves about him but those wounds… they are just too fresh. Luke obviously senses that too but says nothing more, simply reaches out to place his hand over hers; the mourning she still feels for Han coupled with the fear she feels for Luke himself, for her child, is also shared by him. He’s finding it increasingly difficult to separate her emotions from his, he feels almost everything she feels; fear, joy… love. At worst, it’s debilitating. At best, it’s exhilarating. So he uses that touch to reassure her, as best he can given the uncertainty of the galaxy, that n matter what he’ll be there to guide her. He knows it’s not enough. The material of her clothes does wonders to hide the little bump that now protrudes between her hips. It’s naturally forgiving, doesn’t give anything away unless you are to look very closely. The belt that ties around her waist, on the other hand, is the opposite. No matter how she tries to strategically place it, it draws attention to her abdomen, exaggerating the swell of her stomach to the point where she looks far bigger than she actually is. She wonders if it is only obvious to herself and Luke, who know what to look for, while to others it would look like she’d just gained a bit of weight. Neither of them expects to be able to keep the child she’s carrying a secret for too long but Rey decides that it would be nice to get off the ship in D’Qar and not have everyone gawking at her pregnant self, all wondering exactly how and when that happened. After spending what seems like hours trying to adjust herself (is she crazy or have her breasts gotten bigger too), Rey huffs and gives up, settling into the co-pilot’s seat once again just as they’re beginning their approach on D’Qar. Her frown quickly disappears, however, when she’s hit by a strong burst of emotions, the corners of her mouth tugging upwards instinctively as she looks to Luke, his expression confirming that he’s feeling it too. It feels like molten gold coursing through her veins- so pure, not burning just… warming, illuminating, and she doesn’t pretend for a moment that she only feels it because she’s trained now while she had been wholly unskilled before. It’s Leia, they can both feel her, and Rey has to take a deep breath for a moment because wow . It’s only then that she fully appreciates just how strong with the Force the General is, that she could be as powerful as Luke if she had only wanted to develop her abilities. She probably shouldn’t be surprised. Saying nothing (not that there’s anything that can possibly be said), Rey watches Like carefully, her own cheeks beginning to ache as she sees how whole he looks, how much younger. The most striking thing is that it resembles how he looks at her sometimes and she finds herself wondering if he realises, if he’s conscious of it. Taking their time killing the engines once they’re safely in the hangar on base, crowds already gathering to undoubtedly catch a glimpse of the legendary Luke Skywalker, the use the minute or so they have to gather themselves, to prepare for what they’re about to be met with. Sensing his unease at the sheer number of people, given it had only been him for years and Rey showing up had been a massive change in itself, Rey tangles their fingers together, feeling his anxiety slowly dissipate in time with the squeeze he gives her hand. As the hatch opens and they prepare to dismount, she laughs, smile cutting her face in half as she instantly spots Finn. He’s almost bouncing on the spot and she strongly suspects that the grip Poe seems to have on his hand is the only thing keeping him where he is. Giving the two men a brief wave, her eyes quickly fall on the most important person: all five foot one inch of Leia Organa, BB-8 at her heel, waiting to greet them. Rey gets that warm feeling again, only now it’s so pure that it almost burns, intensifying as she runs and throws her arms around her brother, Luke letting out and exaggerated huff for humour’s sake but Rey isn’t fooled, she can feel how much this moment means to him, to the both of them and she’s sure she’s never seen anything so beautiful in her life. After a moment, Leia steps back, one hand still firmly on her twin’s arms as if she’s afraid he’s just going to disappear again, and proceeds to hit him with the other- hard. “I’m so mad at you!” she huffs but her smile gives her away, her chocolate eyes now full and glassy. Drawing her back into his arms, all traces of amusement now from his face, Luke holds her extra close, as tight as he can without hurting her. “I’m sorry.” Hus words are no more than a whisper against her ear and he’s sure Leia realises that he’d do it again, that it was what he needed to do and wouldn’t change it. Perhaps, he finds, the only think he would change is not seeing Han; whom he’d been through more than was imaginable with, who was like a brother to him, one last time. “I know,” she replied and she really does understand, even if she doesn’t like it. Remaining where she is for a little while longer, the General then realises her brother and turns to the woman by his side, the person to whom she owed more than words could ever describe. “Rey,” Leia smiles and it reminds Rey so much of Luke that she almost can’t believe it, pulling the younger woman into a hug. “Thank you.” Rey is about to assure her that there’s no need for thanks but doesn’t get the chance, her heart beginning to pound as Leia noticeably freezes, slowly retreating and the Padawan cringes when she sees the blank expression on the General’s face. “Leia-“ “You two,” she says firmly, emotionlessly, “My office.” Finn looks as if he’s about to protest that he hasn’t had a chance to see his friend properly bu the ‘now!’ Leia almost shouts prompts him to take a step back, unsure of whether or not he should be comforted by the fact that Poe looks just as baffled as he does. Rey turns her gaze away, trying her best to just breathe. Without the ability to reach out and take Luke’s hand, she feels like she’s going to drown. Chapter 4 : Chapter 4 Notes: This one isn't my favourite so I'm sorry :/ “I can feel it.” Rey has barely closed the door of the General’s office when Leia speaks again, voice harsh and accusatory, and she cringes, risking a glance at Luke who seemed to be the most composed of the three of them. “I thought you might.” That’s it, that’s his reply. Rey’s jaw falls open, eyes narrowing. Looking equally flummoxed by the non-chalance of her brother’s statement, Leia crosses her arms, standing poker straight. Jaw set tight, she looks like she’s getting a stress headache. “You let him get to her. You let him do this to her.” Brow furrowing in confusion, Rey stares at the General for a moment, trying to decipher the meaning in her words until it hits her, her stomach twisting oddly. She meets Luke’s gaze for the briefest of moments and it’s clear that he’s come to the same conclusion as she. Neither of them had even contemplated the possibility that Leia would sense the familial bond… and misinterpret it. “Leia,” Luke begins, taking another step towards his twin, “I didn’t let anyone get to her. What you sense… it’s not Ben’s.” Not Ben’s . Rey sees the cogs turning in the General’s mind, the wave of shock that rolls off of her when she finally puts two and two together prompting her to adjust her position so that she and Luke are only inches apart. Without saying a word, she reaches out, loosely taking his hand in hers. She’s not sure it’s for reassurance or an attempt to remove all possible doubt. Leia says nothing for a moment, her blank expression the showing no hint of a reaction, obviously trying hard to process the fact that what she had assumed to be her grandchild was actually her niece or nephew. “You didn’t.” The abruptness of the words startles Rey and she holds her breath, hoping- praying- that this isn’t going to take a turn for the worst. Anxiety beginning to get the better of her, she places her free hand over the slight swell of her stomach, seeking comfort from her unborn child. It helps. “There’s no need for you to worry,” she assures the older woman before Luke manages to say a word, “We’ve done something good. Not only will the Jedi live on, this child has the potential to destroy the Dark side.” “No need to worry? This is crazy! You ,” Leia points dramatically at her brother, “You should know better than this. She’s just a child, what on earth possessed you to-“ “I wasn’t expecting you to understand right away but both Rey and I were well aware what we were getting ourselves into with this- by doing this.” “You’re right, I don’t understand at all. You’re old enough to be her father .” Rey finds herself getting a lot more defensive than she would have thought at Leia’s words, eyes and words full of determination. “That doesn’t make a difference. I’m… I know exactly what I’m doing, why I’m doing it. The choice is mine and I made it. It’s my body and it’s my baby- our baby. If you don’t approve, fine. There’s not much that can be done now. But you two haven’t seen each other in years, your focus should be on that, not this.” While his twin sister looks torn between being shocked and impressed by the girl’s words, Luke looks more proud (if slightly amused) than anything. Rey really can’t help the flutter she feels at that. Those flutters were becoming all too common these days. “She’s right. Why don’t we let Rey see her friends before they break down the door and you and I can have a… discussion.” Rey thinks she should probably be wary of that, but for the fact that she trusts him unconditionally. Sighing, Leia eventually nods reluctantly. “Okay, Rey. You can go see Finn and Poe. I’m sure their patience is wearing by the second.” Looking between the two siblings momentarily, the corners of her mouth tug upwards at the one last tight squeeze of her hand she receives from him before she exits the room, leaving them alone. “So…” Leia begins, delicate eyebrow arched, “Are you in the habit of impregnating your students these days?” “Rey!” She’s barely left General Organa’s office when she finds herself wrapped up in Finn’s embrace. To be honest, Rey isn’t at all surprised to find her best friend and Poe loitering in the hallway. How much, if anything, they heard she doesn’t know. “ “Finn!” her grin is by no means forced as she squeezes him back, “It’s so good to see you. I’ve missed you so much.” “He has too, believe me!” Poe chimes in, all charm and bright smiles as usual, and Finn begrudgingly makes way for his boyfriend to get his own hug in. “Good to see you again. So does this mean you’re here to stay?” “You too. And yes, Ma- Luke and I are here to stay. Well,” she chuckles, “for as long as you’ll have us anyway.” Speaking of which… Heart now thumping once again, Rey crosses her arms over her chest, hoping it will keep their eyes directed away from her abdomen. Stay calm, stay calm. “Actually, is there somewhere private we can go? I have some news…” “You assumed immediately that it was his… you know Snoke’s plan.” Scoffing, Leia throws her hands up. “Well I can guess. The potential is too much for him to ignore.” “Exactly. Rey asked me if the same principle would apply with two parents of the Light side. I told her it would, of course.” “It didn’t have to be you.” Frowning, Luke chuckles humourlessly, not understanding her logic. “If not me then who? I told her that none of this is her responsibility- that she never had to reproduce if she didn’t want to. Rey wanted- wants - this child. She convinced me to go along with her plan.” Arching an eyebrow, Leia remains silent for a moment and, in his experience, that never spells anything good. “Are you sure she wanted to do it for the greater good?” Narrowing his eyes, he resists the urge to grimace. “What’s that supposed to mean?” “It means that she was abandoned when she was a child, she probably doesn’t remember what having a family is like. And you two were alone for quite a while… I think the ‘plan’ is a secondary motive.” He sees where she’s coming from. It makes sense, it really does and, to be perfectly honest, he’s never been entirely sure of her motives himself. But that doesn’t mean it’s not good, that doesn’t mean it’s not for the greater good. “What’s done is done. She’s happy to have the child. There’s nothing more to say.” Again, his twin casts him a knowing look, shaking her head softly to herself. “You didn’t just act as a fertiliser, I hope you know that.” Yes, somehow he thinks he’s known that all along. Just spit it out, Rey , she tells herself, they’re waiting. Laughing, she shakes her head at the absurdity of the situation, never imagining in a million years that she would have to do this. Resisting the urge to cradle her stomach, Rey nods ever so slightly to herself, purely for her own reassurance as Finn and Poe continue to observe her, expectantly, from the other end of the couch. “I’m having a baby.” There, she said it. Done. All out in the open. Finn’s jaw falls open so dramatically that it’s almost audible, eyes looking as if they’re going to pop out of his head. His other half, on the other hand, is the opposite; a grin quickly spreads across Poe’s face, dark eyes crinkling as a noise that closely resembles a squeal escapes him, “That’s fantastic! Congratulations,” he gushes, moving to embrace her as his eyes linger on her now obviously pregnant stomach. She gives him her thanks, very much grateful that she at least has the pilot’s support but is more focused on Finn’s reaction than anything. He looks completely bewildered, perplexed, as if not one bit of what she had just said makes sense. “A baby ?” Well, at least it’s something. Nodding, Rey places her palm flat against her stomach. “A baby. I’m pregnant.” “Wha- What ? How?! Who’s the father??” Chuckling, clearly too amused by the situation, Poe’s hand comes to rest on the other man’s shoulder. “Finn, you see when a man and a woman-“ “Do not give me the talk, Dameron!” He glares and Poe quickly retracts his hand, surrendering, even if the amusement never leaves his face. “It’s one of those force babies, right? Like Anakin Skywalker?” “No, my baby has a father…” And then it clicks for him (although if he’s honest he’s probably known this whole time, just unwilling to admit it to himself). He looks like he’s going to have a heart attack, veins bulging and everything, and for a moment Rey wonders if maybe they’ll have to bring him to the medical bay. “You- him ?! You! – And him! Rey!” Cringing at that, she grimaces. “By ‘him’ you mean Luke.” “Yes! Him, Luke, whatever. Are you out of your mind ? Was it really that lonely on the island?” “Finn…” Poe warns him, wincing at those words himself. His smile has now faded, to the point that he actually looks sad. Her cheeks become warm, red, but it’s not out of embarrassment. She needs to get a hold of her emotions, Rey knows that, but he hit a nerve and he hit it hard. “Do you know why Snoke wants me?” Once again Finn looks bewildered so she takes that as her cue to continue. “He wants to breed me. With Kylo Ren.” Feeling bile begin to rise in his throat, Finn shakes his head. “We’d never allow that to happen.” “There’s nothing you or anyone could do. They want me to create a successor, one so powerful that everyone in the Galaxy will fear it, so that the Dark will live on… grow. We- Luke and I- decided to play them at their own game. This… this child isn’t a consequence, it’s the goal.” “So did you two… did you,” he makes a gesture that Rey’s not sure anyone would understand, but she can guess the meaning, “or did you do some force thing?” Poe groans, dragging his palm over his face while Rey tries not to be too affronted by the intimacy of that question. “I slept with him,” she says plainly, without any hesitation, almost relishing how Finn squirms- unlike Poe who almost looks proud- “And that’s all you get to ask. So please try not to get really weird about this because it happened, it is happening. Either be happy or bite your tongue.” Chapter 5 : Chapter 5 Notes: Sorry this one took so long! I had a busy couple of days. Enjoy and thank you again! She doesn’t see Luke for most of the day, which is probably a natural consequence of his being out of the loop for decades at a time. It’s the strangest sensation, being surrounded by hundreds of people once again when she had grown so used to it just being the two of them. And the fact that Rey has no idea where Luke is, what he’s doing, sets her ill at ease. Although, she has Finn and Poe to distract her, even if Finn still finds it hard to look directly at her and Poe… well, Poe is the opposite. BB-8 is a happy medium, a breath of fresh air. She’s not sure if BB-8 knows what babies and pregnancy are and, either way, she doesn’t think it would care. It’s most definitely a welcome change. Poe introduces her to the rest of the pilots, invites her to have lunch with them. Rey accepts, of course, and her nerves begin to melt away; for just a little while she feels normal, just like she did before she realised, reluctantly, that the Force runs in her. Save the questions they ask about her training, about Luke, it almost feels like it did before Takodana. They’re in the canteen for far longer than is probably necessary (the pilots obviously have nothing better to do) when BB-8 begins to chirp animatedly, rolling towards someone behind her back, a presence that feels familiar. “I know, Beebee. She’s back.” Turning in her seat, Rey sees General Organa standing there, alone, and fights the urge to swallow hard. She shouldn’t fear Leia, she knows that, it’s just she can’t help but feel like a child that is on the cusp of being chastised. “Rey, I was wondering if I could speak to you for a couple of minutes?” What can she say to that? No? Highly unlikely since it’s kind of important that Luke’s sister, his twin , like her. So Rey nods, putting on a smile as she replies with a bright ‘of course’, excusing herself from the table. “He’s with Admiral Ackbar, I managed to slip out for a while,” Leia informs the young girl, answering a question that hasn’t even been asked as they exit the mess hall and enter into one of the long, narrow corridors. “I didn’t…” “You wanted to know, I could sense it. Don’t be afraid to ask. This way,” placing her hand on Rey’s forearm, she leads her into an even smaller corridor, one that certainly isn’t familiar. “Are we not going to your office?” Wincing at the wave of emotion that rolls off Rey, something that is so familiar despite not having felt it herself in decades, Leia smiles softly, reassuringly. “My office is currently occupied. Please don’t worry, Rey; no harm will come to your child.” She’s not surprised; of course Leia can sense her anxiety. It’s almost embarrassing. What does she expect? That Leia will hold her down and harm her unborn child? Leia who is so maternal despite being betrayed, abandoned by her only son. Even if she wasn’t, it’s still the General’s niece or nephew that she’s carrying, her twin brother’s child- Luke’s child. “I didn’t-“ “It’s okay,” the older woman assures her, turning to face the younger woman. Reaching out for both of Rey’s hands, she gives them a firm squeeze. “It’s okay, I understand your reluctance, Rey. I wasn’t exactly very gracious when you arrived. I’m sorry, it was a big shock. Which is why I want to speak to you.” Swiping her palm over the sensor on the wall, the door swishes open and Leia gestures for her to go ahead. Rey does what she’s told, now feeling at least like everything’s going to be alright, that maybe Luke had been right after all. Which probably shouldn’t have surprised her. The room is basic, very much in keeping with the rest of the best. Except there’s something homely about this particular room that Rey can’t quite put her finger on. Maybe it’s the picture of herself and Han, looking happier than she’d ever had the pleasure of seeing them that’s nailed to the wall. Maybe it’s the face-down frame that adorns the desk (she can only imagine whose image that contains). Maybe it’s the flowers, wilting ever so slightly, that occupy a plain glass vase on the locker next to the unassuming single bed. For some reason, though completely different, it reminds Rey of her home (if you could call it that) on Jakku. “I bet Ahch- To was prettier,” Leia says plainly, quietly as the door slides shut behind her. Ceasing her probably impolite inspection of the place, her cheeks flush as she looks back to the older woman. “It was beautiful.” I’m sure it was . “Rey, I really am truly sorry for the way I treated you. I hope you know that it wasn’t anything you did… It was Luke, he shouldn’t have done this to you- you shouldn’t have to deal with something like this so early in your life,” “With all due respect, General, he didn’t do anything to me that I didn’t want him to do. And I wanted to do this.” “Even so, it could have waited a couple of years.” Rey tries very hard to resist the urge to scoff at that. “Who knows if any of us have a couple of years? I’ve been independent all my life, I’m not giving anything up.” Realising that the girl is more set in her ways than she thought, Leia raises her hands in surrender. “I can see that you didn’t make this decision lightly. You’ll make a wonderful mother.” Rey softens at that, smile beginning to tug at the corners of her mouth, wondering what exactly it would be like to call herself a mother. “Thank you. And I understand this must be strange for you, Finn can’t seem to wrap his head around it so I can only imagine what it’s like for you.” Smiling sadly, the General sits down on the bed, gesturing for Rey to take the chair that is pulled out from the desk. Her eyes remain trained on the younger woman’s abdomen as she lowers herself onto the wooden seat, watching the material of her clothes slide over her small but noticeable bump. “It’s very surreal, seeing Luke again after all these years. I can barely bring myself to leave his side in case he disappears again.” “Then you can go back to him, I can go-“ She stops Rey before she can make a move for the door. “No, a few minutes won’t kill me. Besides,” a knowing smile creeps across her face, “I don’t think he’s going to up and leave without you so I think we’re safe.” Blushing at that, Rey remains silent, not knowing whether she should affirm or deny. “How far along are you?” “I… I don’t know. Maybe five weeks? Six?” Desperately trying to ignore what that might infer, she lowers her gaze to her stomach, rubbing it absentmindedly. “Well, I think it would be wise to make an appointment for you in the medical bay. Just to make sure that everything’s alright. How does tomorrow sound?” “Great,” Rey smiles, butterflies beginning to flutter in her stomach at the thought of having a doctor check her out. Would she be able to see the child? Would Luke be there? “That would be great, thank you.” The situation seems almost surreal to Leia; it’s been so long since she went through this herself- or even witnessed someone go through it- that she had almost forgotten what it’s like to bear a child, how it changes a woman. Sitting before her is a changed woman. And she hopes with every fibre of her being that it will all turn out for the better. “Rey.” Rey almost laughs at the weight that seems to lift off her chest when she runs into him in the corridor, a lifetime seemingly having passed since she’d left him with his sister in her office. “Luke,” grinning, she resists the urge to pull him into a tight hug. Seeing less of him is something she needs to get used to, and quickly. He’s a war hero who has miraculously returned to the fold, she’s just a pregnant padawan. “I was just about to come looking for you. There’s this place I spotted earlier… I wanted to see if you wanted to come for a walk.” Yes . Pretty sure it’s the best suggestion she’s heard all day, Rey inches closer to his side, but not too close, the need to be in proximity to him almost overwhelming. “I would love to. It’s great to be here but it’s a bit…” “Claustrophobic?” “Exactly. I kind of miss Ahch-to.” Luke knows how she feels, knows only too well. “So do I.” They make their way outside and Rey has to admit that D’Qar is beautiful. She probably would have thought it incredible had she not spent so long on the island. They easily come across a path amongst the trees, both walking in comfortable silence for a while before Rey gathers her thoughts enough to break it. “I spoke to Leia.” Luke looks to her, hint of amusement in his smile and eyes. “I heard. I hope she didn’t overstep.” “No, the opposite actually. She apologised. And she blamed you,” she adds with a chuckle. He doesn’t seem too perturbed by that. “I thought she might.” Now feeling rather bold, Rey chews on her lip momentarily. “It’s okay, I told her you didn’t do anything to me that I didn’t want you to do.” It’s a miracle she doesn’t end up blushing bright red, especially seeing as she swears she can see a hint of pink creep across his cheeks. Clearing his throat, Luke keeps his eyes trained on the path ahead of them for fear of getting caught up in her. Again. “I… good. It seems like she’s coming around. Although I still think I’ll have to sleep with one eye open tonight.” Rey laughs, her arm brushing his casually as they walk. “I told Finn.” “Did he react better than my sister?” “I don’t know… he’s been a bit weird ever since.” Feeling a jolt of something he hasn’t felt in a long time, Luke pauses for a moment, smile no longer completely genuine. “Does he have feelings for you?” She almost stops dead in her tracks at that, jaw falling open rather unattractively. For some reason her heart-rate quickens. “Finn? Have feelings for me? As in romantic feelings?” “Yes, romantic feelings. If he does it would be natural-“ “Finn does not have romantic feelings for me. I think Poe the kind, hot shot pilot is enough for him.” It’s only then that Luke remembers that she had previously mentioned that her friend was in a relationship with Commander Dameron and he feels even more pathetic. The worst part is he doesn’t fully understand why it affects him so. “Well then, he still obviously loves you. Not everyone will understand right away.” Smile returning to her face, Rey chuckles as she ducks out of the way of a stray branch just in time to save herself from getting hit in the face. “Poe does, he thinks it’s great.” Laughing along with her, Luke reaches over to remove a leaf that had fallen from one of the trees and gotten caught in her hair. “Well that’s something at least.” It’s only as his fingertips brush against the softness of her hair that he realises it’s now braided down her back instead of her usual buns. And that wasn’t the only difference. “You’ve changed clothes.” Rey nods, pulling at the hem of her wine coloured tunic, which is tied with a black belt just beneath her chest. “Leia gave them to me. It hides my stomach better than my other ones… More room.” He smiles, thumb brushing over her cheek. “You look beautiful, as always.” Chapter 6 : Chapter 6 Notes: Sorry this one has taken so long, I've been quite busy this week! And I have found my official song for this story (and for Rey/Luke in general). Feel free to have a listen It should be easy to sleep that night; the Resistance base is warmer, more accommodating than Ahch-to but something just feels… wrong. For starters, she’s been assigned her own room in the unofficial pilots' wing, just a couple of doors down from Finn and Poe. It’s obviously where the General thinks she’ll be most comfortable, and she probably should be, but it feels too much like being alone, with only her unborn child for company. She feels Luke’s presence, though it seems like he’s miles away. He might as well be. It makes her uneasy; she tosses and turns, trying to find a position that isn’t too comfortable, as ridiculous as it sounds. Luke. She sighs, clutching the covers against her chest, and Rey wonders for a moment if this will fade away, this dependency on him that she has developed. He feels like a part of her- technically he is- and she’s only just realising to how great an extent that’s true. She yearns for his presence, his calming words and touches, his aura, his… love. It’s problematic. What first started out as an objective plan somehow along the way turned into something a lot more complicated. If anyone were to ask her, she would say that Luke was her mentor, her teacher, and true as that is, it now seems like a lie. But yet, Rey has no idea how to describe their relationship, what they are to each other. Maybe, she thinks, she’s afraid to ask too many questions of it in case she doesn’t like the answers. Eventually, she can’t take the restlessness anymore. Throwing the covers off of herself, Rey climbs to her feet with ease, knowing the days of her being able to do so are numbered. The concrete floor is cool against her bare feet, a nice contrast to the warmth of the room. D’Qar isn’t particularly hot but the design of the base coupled with the fact that there’s no see breeze like there was on Ahch-to means that it’s warmer than she’s used to. Or at least she’d gotten used to. Contemplating changing out of her sleepwear for a moment, Rey ultimately decides against it, figuring she looks respectable enough and that the corridors will probably be almost completely deserted at this hour of the night anyway. That’s pretty much confirmed the minute she steps outside the door, met with darkness for the most part save for the soft glow from wall lamps that appeared ever couple of metres. The only sound she can hear is the soft padding of her own feet, the emptiness amplifying the sound. A small part of her suggests that maybe she should be afraid, that she’s putting herself in a vulnerable position. A bigger part, however, scoffs at that, reminding that little part that even if anyone on the base wanted to hurt her (which seems completely unlikely), she’s a Jedi and the Jedi aren’t exactly ones to let themselves be thrown about. Rey navigates the halls, not entirely sure of where she’s going. She just lets her senses guide her to where she wants to- needs to go. It takes just under five minutes to get from her room to her destination, all the way at the end of the North wing. Somewhere she’d seen recently… Coming to a halt in from of a door that she just knows is the right one, Rey contemplates turning around again for a moment, wondering if this is a mistake. Before her anxiety can get the better of her, however, the door slides open. Taking that as the hint it obviously is, Rey steps inside, a soft whoosh sounding behind her as the panel slides shut again. The room is dark but Rey sees him as if it were day, propped up on his good hand on the bed as he watches her, hint of amusement clear in his soft smile. “I was wondering how long it would take.” She doesn’t reply to that, doesn’t need to, merely bites her lips before padding the short distance across the room to the bed where he’d graciously made room. Without a second thought, she climbs under the covers beside him, needing to scoot close so they’d both fit on the single bed. Rey doesn’t mind in the slightest and she doubts he does either, especially when his arm naturally comes to rest on her waist. Humming in contentment, Rey smiles as she nuzzles at his neck. The realisation quickly hits her that this is about more than comfort, that it has been for weeks now. She doesn’t find it within herself to care too much either way. Shifting so that he can pull her closer to him, Luke runs his fingers through her now liberated hair, breath hitching when she looks right up at him, lip trapped between her teeth. They hold each other’s gaze for a moment before Rey tilts her head for better access, pressing her lips firmly against his. Luke knows only too well where this is going, his lips parting instinctively as he threads his fingers though her hair, sighing as her tongue slips inside his mouth. He’s powerless not to react, the sensations she always seems to cause never dulling for a moment. It’s electric, like some kind of chemical reaction the Force itself has designed, and he just wants more, more, more. Except more isn’t exactly something he can have right now… “Rey?” She humms against his mouth, tongue dipping in to ghost over the inside of his bottom lip. “Leia is next door…” Well if that doesn’t put a dampner on things. Rey knows what he’s getting at and understands, pressing one last chaste kiss against his lips before ceasing in her attack, happy to just cuddle with him and bask in his warmth. What she needs isn’t necessarily physical, the proximity is more than enough to satisfy her. The way her face fits perfectly against his chest, the way his arms hold her close, the way his breath tickles her skin… “Think you might have to call in a favour with your sister in a couple of weeks and get yourself a bigger bed. There’s no way I’m going to fit in here when I’m all huge and swollen.” And there’s no way I’m going without my man for the last couple of months of my pregnancy. Luke blushes at the thought of having to tell his sister that he needs more room in his bed. A part of him, rather immaturely, hopes that Leia is smart enough to put two and two together. Nevertheless, he smiles, placing a kiss into her hair. “I’ll sort it. But for now, you should try to get some sleep. It’s been a long day.” That is has. Sleep is already proving to be less of a problem; Rey’s eyelids begin to droop until, despite still being awake, she can’t keep them open. “Thank you for giving me this baby,” she mumbles against the hollow of his neck. His breath catches in his throat just a little bit at that, though it’s far from a bad reaction. All pretences that this is only about the future of the Jedi have well and truly gone out the window and, surprisingly, that’s okay. He’s okay with letting it happen. “My pleasure.” Leia really shouldn’t be surprised as she is when she walks into her brother’s room the next morning to find him wrapped around Rey beneath the covers, both of them still sound asleep. Stopping dead in her tracks, she finds herself grateful that she had been quiet enough not to disturb them. It’s only then that the gravity of the situation finally hits her and for a moment she feels winded, as if all the air has been knocked out of her. She feels it properly for the first time, their bond, and it’s too familiar for her liking. Rey doesn’t just love Luke- Luke loves her, with every inch of his being. Obviously, he’d learned a lot about masking his emotions since Leia had last seen him. When he’s awake, he gives nothing away. When he is asleep on the other hand… that’s a different matter completely. She feels everything , so much so that her twin’s love for the girl begins to rub off on her; it’s that strong, that consuming. And the child… “Oh Luke…” That’s a mistake, unintentional as it is. She feels the love, the emotion, beginning to cloud, almost in perfect synchronisation with the opening of a pair of bright blue eyes and Leia finds herself shut out almost as quickly as the words had left her mouth. “I should have known she would end up here,” Leia says quietly, neutrally as Luke’s eyes lock with hers. They’re a beautiful pair, despite the obvious problems. She sees his eyes lower to the sleeping woman beside him, looking like he wants nothing more than to press a kiss against the girl’s cheek. “It’s just been us for quite a while.” Nodding, Leia says no more, knowing that Rey waking up to find she’s being watched by her… whatever he is to her and his sister would be more than a bit embarrassing. So she slips out the door again, heading back into her room momentarily to find a set of clothes the girl could wear when she woke, deciding that neither Rey nor Luke (nor Leia for that matter) would want the base talking about how she was seen leaving her Master’s room midmorning wearing nothing but an oversized t-shirt and a pair of shorts. She doesn’t linger for long, sticking her head inside the door and placing the pile of clothes on a nearby chair, gone before her brother even had a chance to give her his thanks. Notes: If you would like to follow me on tumblr, my username is poepoeplease. I need more Luke/Rey love in my life.