Luke didn’t often get phone calls, he didn’t have anyone to call him. He wasn’t exactly what you’d call an old man, but he was certainly getting there. His limp and cane didn’t help him defend his case, but that was nothing to do with age. Years of service in the army had done him good, but his luck couldn’t last forever. Roadside bomb, shrapnel to the leg. He’d had it amputated and been given a prosthetic. Walking was still hard, he couldn’t go back to the army, so he’d retired. He didn’t try to make friends, instead enjoying to solace and the quiet his life had become. He read books, he gardened, he sometimes wrote. Occasionally he spoke to the lady at the corner shop when he went to buy the necessities, but that was it. So when he got the phone call, he was confused. He picked it up, fully prepared for a scam of some description. It was, of course it was. But what sort of scammer pretended he had a child. “I’m sorry.” He said. “I’m afraid you’re mistaken. I don’t have a daughter.” His voice sounded pained, as if he was holding back an old memory. “Please, don’t call here again.” The voice on the other end of the phone was persistent and he sighed. He let them talk, and what they said was making him think. A girl, 17 years old, Rey . Surely it couldn’t be… Rey. Wasn't that the name Mara wanted? Mara...God he missed her. He left her, he shouldn't have, but he did. She died during childbirth, along with the child. Right? He sighed "What does this have to do with me? Even if this is my child, wouldn't she be in a loving home? I don't wanna pull her away from that." “I’m afraid that’s why we’ve called.” The voice said. “We’ve just taken Rey in, she’s been in another home for the last 17 years and there was a scandal uncovered, if you could come and talk to us in person… It’d be much easier than talking on the phone. I think it would do her some good to meet you if that’s possible.” He sighed. Glancing at a picture of Mara. He had to take this chance. "Where do I meet her?" He asked. The person on the phone told him the directions to the adoption facility. # # # Luke had been hesitant about going. If he really had a daughter, what would she think of him? He had walked out on Mara and had thought the two of them were dead. If his daughter really was alive what sort of life had she had? Hopefully she was happy. Hopefully she’d grown up to be a beautiful, intelligent young lady that he’d be proud to call himself a father of (though he wasn’t sure he deserved that title). Unfortunately, the tone of the phone call gave him the impression that the opposite was true. As he walked, he worried. He hadn’t cared for someone in so long that he was nervous about it again. It was selfish to think like that. If this was his daughter, she deserved a father. He couldn’t be a coward if she needed someone. The building was new looking and pretty small. The late afternoon sun shined down. Two cars and a police car were parked. He reached for the handle, but before he could do anything, the door swung open. A blonde woman, probably in her late 30s stood in front of him, beckoning him inside. "Are you Luke Skywalker?" She asked. Luke nodded. "Thank you for coming so quickly. She really needs someone. Would you like to meet her?" Before he could answer, the woman called her name. "Rey? Come meet your father." Luke stood where he was, one hand holding his cane tightly and the other just fidgeting. He didn’t know what to expect, part of him was terrified. Actually, all of him was. But he had a duty to whoever showed up at the door, a duty to protect them and help. But however hard he tried to remain calm, he couldn’t. He saw the small frame of a shy, underfed girl, who looked far younger than she was but at the same time so much older. His mouth opened and closed several times as if he was going to say something, but nothing came out. He didn’t know what to say, what to ask, what to do. It didn’t feel like the sort of meeting where he offered a smile, because something was clearly wrong. “What’s happened?” He asked quietly. "Remember the scandal I mentioned? Her foster family was in charge of it. They abused them and barely fed them." She looked down, shaking her head as she told him. "We found out about this a little over a week ago after an anonymous call. Rey was the worst of them. She's... she's mute Mr. Skywalker. Well she can talk, it's just she hasn't communicated with anyone in god knows how long. It's like she's forgotten how to talk." After hearing what they had to say, Luke’s eyes flickered over to the girl before him. Her eyes were so old, she’d seen things that no child ever should and all of a sudden he felt a wave of guilt crashing over him. He’d always regretted leaving Mara, but he never thought that this would have happened. He hadn’t known Rey was alive. God, if he’d have known… He could still see some bruising on Rey, the girl obviously having gone to some extent to hide most of it but he could still see hand marks around her neck and finger prints on her cheek. Luke had no idea what to do, for once in his life he was completely clueless. Usually he had at least some kind of inkling as to what should be done, but this… Should he reach out and pull her into his arms? Should he walk away and leave it to the professionals? Should he try to talk to her? While he thought he was aware of Rey staring at him and he eventually made up his mind. “I’m so sorry.” He whispered. To Rey, to the lady next to her, to himself. The woman put her hand on his shoulder. "You didn't know. The people that had her were supposed to call you and ask if you wanted her years ago. I have the feeling they never called you. She doesn't have much," the woman said, walking behind a desk to pull out a plastic bag. "This is everything. A change of clothes and that's it." Luke noticed Rey backing slower back into the room she had come from, her bottom lip quivering. Luke watched as Rey walked back and felt the guilt surge up inside him once more. She was afraid of him. He didn’t know how he could tell her that everything was okay, that he’d never hurt her, but somehow he was going to have to convince her of that. He decided in that moment that he was going to take her in. He couldn’t leave her now. “Rey.” Luke said, his voice soft. It was the first time he’d said her name since it had been discussed with Mara when she was pregnant almost 18 years ago. “Don’t be afraid, please. I’m not going to hurt you. I promise, you can trust me. I’m sorry I was never there for you, I never knew. Let me make it up to you, let me help.” She shook her head and backed away, mouthing words at him. 'You're just like the others.' She mouthed at him. 'They say they want to help, when in reality they hurt you harder.' That broke his heart even more. The woman sighed. "Mr. Skywalker, do you want her? We could try to send her to someone else..." “I want to help her.” He replied immediately, not looking away from Rey as he spoke. “I don’t want to push her though. But she’s my daughter, I owe it to her.” As he continued to speak, he directed his words back to his daughter. “If I’d known Rey, I promise I would have been there. I won’t lay a finer on you like they did, I promise.” He felt awful, his word was all he had for now and Rey had to take it. He understood that it must be hard for her but he was suddenly filled with a desperation to care for her. He imagined that if he had been there when Rey was born this is how he’d have felt, the same immediate love and desire to protect. “ Please Rey, give me a chance.” Rey looked at the woman, who looked back at her with pleading eyes. Rey sighed, first sound he heard from her and mouthed 'What do I have to lose.' He let out a sigh of relief as did the woman. "Rey, if you ever need anything, here's my card." She said handing it to her. "Go enjoy your life, it's starting right now." Rey held the card tightly between her fingers, wondering if they’d pierce it. She took a deep breath and looked towards Luke, her father . She had to try, he couldn’t be as bad as the others, surely. She felt her legs shaking as she took steps towards him and kept her gaze down low. She stood beside him, within touching distance, but was grateful that he didn’t try to hold her hand or pull her into a hug, or hit or slap or kick or punch her. Still she looked at the floor, chewing on her lip until it was red and sore to fight back the hunger gnawing at her stomach as it growled. Luke looked at her. "You hungry?" He asked. She nodded. "Well I've got some stuff at home or we could go out?" He asked. She just nodded. She probably didn't care, she just wanted food. "You two can go, I'll drop the papers in your mailbox and pick them up. I'll check up on you in two days, alright?" Rey just nodded, glancing down at her hole ridden sneakers. Luke had never wanted to reach out and hold someone in his arms more desperately, seeing the state she was in upset him so much. He swallowed gently and fought back his own emotions before he spoke again. “Tell you what Rey, once we’ve got something sorted for lunch I’ll take you out shopping this afternoon. We’ll get you some new things, whatever you want.” He said. He could make his pension stretch. He had always saved as much as he could, and this felt like the best possible use for his money right about now. His daughter, helping her get better and helping her feel safe. “We’ll get you some new clothes.” He promised. “Are you ready? I don’t want to rush you.” She nodded, a beginning of a smile showing up, just barely at the corners of her lips. She picked up her bag and went out the door as Luke- her father, held it open. The woman waved goodbye, a giant smile on her face. The walk back to his house was filled with Luke telling her about her new living area. She perked up at the mention of her own room. She had never had a room to herself before. The neighbourhood was like a typical suburban neighbourhood to most people, but to Rey it looked like mansions. Luke pointed to a house, his house, soon becoming their house. "There’s two kids about your age living in the neighbourhood as well. One's right next door." He said. "But I don't wanna push you or anything, take it at your own pace." Rey nodded, and Luke took that as her telling him that it would be too soon for her to meet them. “They’re called Finn and Poe.” He explained. “I’ll introduce you to them before you start school here, make sure you’ve got some people to look after you. But for now it’s just you and I.” He said kindly, unlocking the front door to his home and opening it up. He smiled a little, his home feeling so much more like a home now he had someone to share it with. “There’s a spare bedroom, I’ll show you. You can do whatever you want with it. If you want to shower and change while I make you something to eat, you can do that too.” He said, watching as Rey’s eyes lit up. She may have remained quiet, but she didn’t need to say anything for him to understand. It hurt him so deeply that all these things seemed so new and exciting to her. She was a 17 year old girl, the prospect of a shower should be boring, not exciting. With his heart heavy, Luke gestured towards the stairs. “I’ll let you have some time to look around. Come downstairs whenever you’re ready.” He told her, closing the door behind him and watching as she darted upstairs. He hoped he could do enough for her. He wanted to show his daughter the love she had been refused for the last 17 years. His daughter. He liked the sound of that. Chapter 2 “Everything alright?” A voice brought Poe’s head back to where he was, and he looked around to the young man sat next to him. Poe put his hand on his friend’s shoulder and squeezed it tightly. “Course buddy, don’t you worry about me.” He said, his smile evident in his voice. “I just, there was someone walking with Mr Skywalker, a girl. I don’t recognise her.” Poe Dameron was quite possibly the most wonderful guy there could be. He was 18, charming, and always cheerful. He did everything he could for those around him, and for the last 3 years that had included being Finn’s best friend, telling him all about his surroundings. Finn had lost his eyesight in an accident when he was 14, so Poe had taken it upon himself to describe the world to him. The two had become good friends and children and to this day remained inseparable. Poe's condition was getting worse every day. His skin was pale and his hair was gone from the treatments. He didn't tell Finn much of this because he didn't want to worry him. "What does she look like?" Finn asked. For a moment there was nothing but silence again, and then Finn heard Poe breathing. He had learned to tell the difference when Poe’s audible breathing was due to genuine struggle or just finding the right words, this was the latter. “She’s beautiful.” He said quietly. “Really, and I’m not just saying that Finn she’d drop dead gorgeous. She’s a little shorter than Mr Skywalker, looks about 15. Maybe a little older.” His eyes narrowed and he leaned forwards a little to watch her more closely. “She’s limping, she looks hurt. I think something’s wrong.” He frowned. If Poe didn’t trust Mr Skywalker to look after her, he’d have gone over himself. Finn sighed. Poe barely ever described anyone a beautiful, so she must be special. Poe was always describing the people, (especially the girls) to Finn. He tried to image what they looked like, but even with Poe's descriptions, he still felt like he had the wrong image. He longed for the days when he could see again. All he really wanted was one last look at the night sky. "Tell me more about her." Finn asked. “She’s got brown hair, tied back in little buns. She’s wearing a dress but it looks like it’s been torn to bits and she looks so scared.” He told his friend as he swallowed down a wave of sickness (he couldn’t tell if it was from his cancer or from the fact that this girl seemed so afraid and he wasn’t helping. He hated not helping). Poe watched her go into Mr Skywalker’s home and felt at least a little bit relieved that she was being looked after. He was a good man, even if he was quiet. But he made a note to himself to check on her later, maybe introduce himself and see if she needed a friend. “She sounds incredible.” "Yeah. I wish you could see her with your own-" before Poe could finish, he broke into a coughing fit. He fiddled with tubes in his nose for a minute, as if it would help. Finn hated seeing, well hearing Poe like this. The doctors were saying he only had six months to live. That was four months ago. The thought of losing Poe after all this time was something he didn’t want to imagine, the silence his life would become. Suddenly the world around him would be a very different place and he wasn’t sure he was ready for it. “We should get you inside.” Finn suggested to his friend. “Come on, I think you might’ve done enough for the day. You’re meant to be resting.” He laughed, trying to stay as cheerful as possible. “You know I don’t want to stay cooped up in bed. Look, let me go see Skywalker and see if the girl is okay. Then I’ll call it a day. Deal?” Finn thought for a moment. "Um...deal." Poe smiled in excitement and leapt up, pulling his oxygen tank behind him. Finn barely had anytime to grab his cane before Poe was dragging him across the yard. Poe knocked on Skywalker's door, patting from putting strain on his body from moving too fast. Luke opened it, surprised to see the two boys. “Sir.” Poe said, before Luke could even speak. “We saw a girl walking with you, is she okay? She looked hurt.” He said, his eyes showing that he genuinely cared. And he did, Poe cared about everyone he met, even a complete stranger such as this girl. He didn’t like seeing people hurt. Luke sighed heavily. It was a story for another time, he was still getting used to it himself. “Don’t worry about her.” He said. “Please, it’s a long story and I don’t understand it all myself yet. I’m going to introduce you to her in a couple of days when she gets settled down, I want her to feel safe with me before I push her any further. Thank you, though. I’m sure she’ll open up to someone as kind as you two as soon as she meets you.” He said, with more hope than he cared to admit. “Take care of yourselves.” Finn and Poe nodded as he shut the door. Finn and Poe walked across the yard, back to Finn's house. "That was weird." Poe being the first one to speak. Before Finn could reply, a voice interrupted him. "Finn! What are you two up to? Poe should resting not running across people's yards during the hottest part of the day!" Finn's grandma, Maz shouted from the doorway. "Sorry granny! You heard her Poe, you need to go rest." Poe rolled his eyes. Everyone was always worrying about him and pitying him. He was sick of it. "I'll see you later." Poe said as he started walking to his house, a few houses down. Maz watched Poe go as she walked to her grandson, placing her hand softly on his shoulder. She smiled at him before she spoke. “I know you don’t want him to miss out, but you know as well as I do that he’s supposed to be inside.” She said, her voice soft. “Did you see the new girl?” Finn asked. “Poe told me about her, he said that she was really pretty.” He smiled. “She’s living with Mr Skywalker, but he wouldn’t let us see her. Poe said she looked like she was hurt. I hope she’s okay. D’you mind if I go over tonight to check?” He asked. “Poe seemed really worried, maybe if I check on her then he’ll feel okay about staying inside.” Maz smiled. "I'm sure we could. Why don't we make some cookies for her?" Finn nodded his head as he helped his grandmother inside. "Granny? What am I going to do when Poe..." He didn't want to say it. Maz said nothing for a few moments, taking the ingredients out for Finn and turning the oven on. He knew the kitchen like the back of his hand and didn’t need to be able to see to cook in it, but she still stood back and watched. Just in case. “They’ll always be someone there for you.” She told him gently. “Perhaps when Poe is gone you’ll find them, you just have to trust that they’re there.” She said, praying that she was right. She knew that Finn was going to struggle without Poe to help him. Even though he was fairly mobile on his own, she knew he would be horribly lonely without his friend. She just hoped he could make some more. “If you’re worried I can try and find someone to help you.” He sighed. "I don't want someone that's getting paid to tell me everything. I want someone who actually cares. Someone my own age." He said as he cracked the eggs into the bowl. “I understand Finn, I just don’t want you to be left alone.” She explained. “Perhaps just for a short while, something temporary.” Maz watched her grandson with a slight sadness on her face, glad that he couldn’t see it. She wished that he wasn’t so stubborn sometimes. “It’s just something to think about.” "I know." He mumbled as he started mixing the dough. "Hey, maybe the new girl? I mean we are neighbours and who knows, maybe she's really good a describing the world to a blind man." Maz’s smile returned and she nodded to herself. He was giving it a shot, thank God he was giving someone else a chance. “I suppose you’ll have to see. What did Poe say about her? And Mr Skywalker. You said she seemed like she was hurt.” "Mr Skywalker just shooed us away and told us not to worry about her. He said he'd introduce her to us in a few days. But we're really worried. Poe said she was really skinny and looked scared." This couldn’t be one of the girl’s they’d found, could it? She’d read about the scandal in the newspapers a few days ago. A children’s home with abusive owners. Parents never contacted, children neglected and beaten and left starving. It was possibly, but the likelihood was small. “I’m sure whatever it is, everything will turn out just fine in the end. And I’m sure that Mr Skywalker will be more than grateful for some home baking, it may even help her feel better. Besides, he always said your cookies were his favourite.” Finn smiled at that as he rolled out the dough. It was true, Finn would bring cookies to his neighbours for Christmas and Mr Skywalker also complemented him on them. After the cookies were out of the oven and set in a pretty pattern on a plate, (at least according to his granny) Maz and Finn walked over to Mr Skywalker's house. When Luke came to the door this time he had a smile on his face, one that Maz didn’t know she’d seen before. Even Finn realised something was different about him. He held the plate out in front of him to offer them to his neighbour. “I figured I’d make these.” He said. “Well, actually, granny suggested it. Poe and I were worried and she thought maybe cookies would help a little. I hope they do.” Luke smiled. "Cookies always help, especially if they're made by you." He opened the door for Maz and Finn. "So I hear someone is visiting you?" Maz asked as Luke closed the door. Luke looked to Maz, his face serious for a moment before he spoke. “She’s upstairs. I took her something to eat but I think she needs some space and some time on her own.” He admitted. He wasn’t sure if he was ready to tell Finn, but the boy would find out sooner or later. Maz was probably the closest he had to a friend, he would always confide in her and this was no different. “She’s my daughter. I never knew I had a daughter.” "Wait what?!" Finn exclaimed. Maz shushed him. "She's Mara's isn't she?" Maz asked. Luke nodded. "I thought she died with Mara, but apparently she didn't. She was put into a horrible foster care home for 17 years of her life. I just took her shopping and she cried when I got her a new pair of shoes." Maz’s expression softened and she put a hand on Luke’s shoulder. “You never knew.” She told him. “This wasn’t your fault Luke, and now you’re going to give her an amazing life. You’ve always cared, I always saw that in you.” Finn sat there wordlessly, taking it all in. He needed to go see Poe and tell him this, but at the same time he wanted to talk to the girl and make sure she was okay. He supposed she wouldn’t really want someone else poking around in her life just yet, but it explained why Poe had said she looked so small and hurt. Just then a creaking was heard at the top of the stairs. A girl stood there, terrified of the new people and fled back to her room. Luke looked up as he heard footsteps and for a moment he made eye contact with his daughter. He wanted to plead with Rey that it was safe, but he wasn’t going to push her. With a heavy sigh, he offered his guests a weak smile. “She’s just getting used to people.” He explained. “From what I’ve heard, she’s never met anyone that hasn’t tried to hurt her. She’s more afraid than I want her to be, than I would have wanted any child of mine to be. I wish I’d found out sooner. It’s strange, even though I only met her today I feel like I’ve known her forever. I just want her to be safe and to be happy. It’s not fair on her.” Luke paused for a second, before speaking again. “Finn, her name is Rey. If you come back in a few days maybe she’ll remember your face and give you a chance.” Finn smiled. "Thank you sir." Rey. He liked the sound of that. Chapter 3 Poe didn’t often lie awake at night. It lead to thinking, and thinking always ended up badly. For the most part he could pretend his illness wasn’t there but thinking would always remind him that the end of his life was drawing near and it terrified him (he never told anyone that, he really should). He’d often cry those nights, not sleeping at all. It was when he was alone that he felt like his life wasn’t really worth that much. When he was with Finn he felt important, because he was Finn’s eyes. Without him, Finn couldn’t see in the world. Without him, Finn wouldn’t see in the world. When he was gone, who would be Finn's eyes? Two months. Doctors said he had two months. June and July. He would die in August. Possibly sooner. Two months to be Finn's eyes. Two months to live. Two months to laugh, to cry. He would never be able to do so many things. Never fly a plane like his mom. Never see a beautiful girl walk down the aisle to become his wife. Never become a father, holding a little baby, his baby, in his arms. He heard a small sob leave his own lips and quickly brought his hands up to cover his mouth. He didn’t want to wake anyone else up and trouble them with this. If he was going to be gone in two months then what’s the point in upsetting everyone else with his own thoughts and fears? At least when he dies it’s all over for him. His friends and family have to live through it and move on. At least he’s got the easy way out. It didn’t feel very easy though, always throwing up his insides and having to pull oxygen around with him when he left the house. He couldn’t go to school without being given pity (teachers didn’t even give him homework after he’d been told he’d be dead before he graduated). Poe longed to have a normal life but he wouldn’t. Hell, two more months and he wouldn’t have a life. He just wished he could do something . He didn’t care what, he wanted to do something. He wanted to kiss someone, to climb a mountain, to just say “screw it all” and miss a week of school to go on an adventure, he wanted consequences to his actions. Wait. Why couldn't he do all that? He had two months, and then he would be dead. He will never have a chance to do any of those things when he is dead. Don't people do something, like make a list of things they want to do before they die? What was it called? He thought for a moment. A bucket list! That's what it was called. Poe decided he’d make one. And if he didn’t get everything done maybe he could give it to Finn. Someone could help him complete everything he never managed to get done. Maybe that could help Finn as well, find someone to complete all of his dying wishes with. It sounded kind of morbid but it could work. Maybe he could talk to the new girl, see if she would want to do it with him. It wouldn’t really be much of an ice breaker. Hi, I’m Poe Dameron, I’m going to die and here’s a list of things you have to do. Maybe not… But someone. Someone would. Rey stared at the ceiling of her new room, on her new bed, in her new pyjamas, in her new home. It felt weird. This morning she was scared and thought she'd be forced to go back to that place or they'd come and get her against her will. Now she was someone safe. Kinda. She didn't really believe all of this was really happening. It felt too good to be true, and it probably was. She would wake up in a minute in the cold, windowless room, ready to be beaten again. Choked, punched, slapped, kicked, groped, and slammed against the wall. Like every day. When she heard a gentle knock against her door she gasped and turned to face it, fingers fisting around the bedsheets to brace herself for any punishment coming her way. It opened after several seconds and outside stood the man she had been told was her father. As the door remained open she could smell cooking, and it smelled wonderful. She felt herself lick her lips and her stomach growl and she wasn’t really sure why – she had eaten the day before so why should she still be hungry? “I made breakfast.” Her father said and she blinked. He made breakfast? He was offering her food? He’d done that yesterday, wasn’t she expected to make him something to eat? “Come on down, there’s plenty so eat as much as you can.” Rey only blinked, but got up slowly. She followed Luke down the stairs, keeping her distance. When she reached the bottom, the smell was overwhelming. She saw what looked like pieces of bread shaped like circles on a plate. "What would you like to drink? I've got some apple juice, milk, water-" He heard a sob from behind him. He turned around to see Rey crying. Luke had stood back and watched Rey in fear, he had given her space, but he had to draw the line somewhere. Seeing his daughter crying broke his heart and despite his head telling him not to, he followed his heart and walked back towards her. As gently and as softly as he could, Luke placed a hand on her cheek and wiped away a tear. Her skin felt so soft and he hated how innocent she looked. She deserved so much better. “Rey, I am so sorry.” He whispered. “If I had known I’d have been there for you, but you’re never going to be hurt again. I won’t let anyone lay a finger on you as long as I live, and you will eat like a queen. Please, believe me.” She looked at him then pointed at the flat circle bread, then pointed back to herself. She wiped away a tear. And mouthed. "For me?" “And more if you’re still hungry.” He reassured her. “You never have to ask for food here Rey, if you’re hungry take as much as you need. I’d rather have to buy more than worry about my child not eating well.” Luke said as he forced a smile onto his face. Watching Rey cry made him want to cry as his heart cried out in pain. “What d’you want to drink?” She pointed at the tap. It took him a second but he realized she wanted water. He filled a cup up and handed it to her. She drank all of it in a matter of seconds. She picked up the flat bread with her fingers and took a bite. It was amazing. She finished it in less than a minute and grabbed another. Luke tried to hold in his laughter. She looked do adorable, like a little kid on Christmas. While she ate Luke filled her another glass of water and brought it back to the table, sitting opposite her and smiling as he took some food for himself. “I think you saw the boy and his grandmother yesterday, that was Finn.” He told her. “He lives next door and Finn and his friend Poe came to check on us earlier. He said they’d seen you coming back and wanted to make sure you were okay. Finn made some biscuits and brought them round, you’ll have to try one later. They’re wonderful. If you’re feeling up to it perhaps he could come and say hello?” He asked, not wanting to force her into anything but desperately hoping that she’d agree. She nodded. It was the least she could do. I mean he gave her free food and a bed. Wait. Did he say they came to check on me? Someone, no two someone's came to check on me? She mouthed the words 'I can say hi.' This made Luke smile. 'Can you tell me about them?' She mouthed. “Well, Finn, the boy you’ll meet today, he lives next door. He’s a lovely young boy, heart in the right place bless him, and his grandmother and I are… Well, we’re friends. A few years ago the boy was in an accident, lost his sight, but he’s still wonderful company. And the other boy, Poe…” Luke trailed off, taking a deep breath. While Poe may not have been related to him Luke had more or less watched the boy grow up. The diagnosis had hit him hard, as it had done with everyone that knew him. Such a charming young man, it wasn’t fair. But it was happening so they had to deal with it. “Poe is Finn’s best friend, they’re almost always together. Poe does his best to describe the world for Finn, he’s beyond kind. But he’s ill, and it’s not looking good at this point. He’s supposed to stay in bed but he doesn’t usually listen to that often.” 'Oh. But illnesses can be cured, right?' She mouthed. “Not this one.” Luke told her quietly. “They’re not sure if he’s going to make it passed the next few months, but he seems to be taking it in his stride. I’m sure he’d still love to meet you.” He told her. “He was very worried when he spoke to me yesterday.” She covered her mouth in shock. Knowing that you only had a months to live would be horrible. She had lived in fear every day, but she was sure she wasn't going to die. They wanted to keep her alive, they called her the most fun of the bunch. She shivered, trying to get the images of those men that payed to-. "Rey are you alright?" Luke's voice snapped her back into reality. He was studying her face closely, and she brought a hand to her eyes. She was crying again. Of course she was crying again, she always did when she thought about that. Quietly, Rey nodded, deciding she didn’t want to talk about it as she took a bite out of some more of her food. “If you’re happy to meet him I can invite Finn around later, it might be good for you to make some friends your own age. Someone you can talk to.” She nodded. 'Anything to distract me.' She mouthed, more to herself then Luke. "I'll call them right now. If you'd like, you can go get dressed." Rey nodded, taking a big gulp of water, before dashing up the stairs. It was enough of a victory for Luke, and as he dialled the number for Maz he couldn’t help but smile. His daughter. She was going to make a friend, she was going to realise that people weren’t all horrible like the ones that had hurt her before. After inviting Finn around later in the day, Luke cleared away the plates and sat himself back down to try and come up with something else he could get her to do, see how far she could go. # # # When Finn arrived he seemed a little nervous, it was possible that he was still thinking about what Luke had said yesterday. Finn knew where Rey had come from and though he was excited to meet her he was terrified that she’d be afraid of him. If Rey started crying in fear what would he be able to do? He wouldn’t be able to help her. He bit down on his lip and chewed it gently, trying to calm himself down. He was about to knock on the door, but before he could it swung open. "Hi Finn! Come on in." Finn could hear the smile in his voice. "Rey's in the backyard. Follow me." Finn followed him to the backyard. When he reached outside he called out. "Hi Rey! I'm Finn." Luke knew that a boy that couldn’t see and a girl that wouldn’t talk would struggle at first, but after being prompted Rey quietly took Finn’s hand a shook it. With Luke there she didn’t feel quite so afraid. “My friend and I saw you yesterday, we were worried. I thought I’d come and see if you were okay, for him and for me. He said you were beautiful.” And suddenly the memories came back. Beautiful? Why would they call her beautiful? She was just a toy for their amusement, her appearance never mattered. Still, they seemed to appreciate it when their toy looked pretty. “Rey? Are you alright?” Luke asked. She shook her head. The men were getting closer. "You didn't tell her she was this…" He stroked her face. "…Beautiful. How are you my pet?" She wanted to scream. “Rey?” Finn asked, his voice as soft as it could be. “Mr Skywalker, did I do something wrong?” He asked. Luke shook his head. “No, Finn, don’t blame yourself.” Gradually he approached his daughter, not knowing what state her mind was in. “Rey it’s me, don’t be scared. Come on, just focus on me. Open your eyes and look at me please, you’re safe here.” Her brown eyes widened, reality coming back. She felt embarrassed. Her checks turned red and she stared at her feet. 'Sorry' she mouthed. 'I was worried they would come back.' “No one is coming back.” Luke reassured her. “They won’t hurt you again, not as long as I’m alive.” Luke turned to Finn and beckoned him over. “Finn, come over here.” He said. “Rey, I want to show you something. Can you trust Finn to hold your hand?” She looked at him, Finn seemed so sweet. Plus he was blind. She could run if she had to. She nodded. Luke smiled at his daughter, taking Finn’s hand and bringing it to Rey’s. Finn instantly held on, careful to bit a little gentler than he usually was. He smiled. Her skin felt so soft against his and her hand was so small and cold. Holding hands with anyone was something that Finn loved far more than he cared to admit, but without being able to see someone it meant the world. He could start picturing what they might look like. Now every time he heard Rey’s name he could picture part of her. In the blackness of his mind he would be able to see her hand. He still wasn’t quite sure how to continue a conversation when it happened, you have a nice hand wasn’t something people heard often. “Are you okay?” He asked instead, hoping he hadn’t crossed a boundary. “Maybe… Maybe you could tap? Or squeeze? Once for no and twice for yes?” She tapped his hand twice, causing him to smile. She gently sits down on the green grass, Finn still holding on to her hand. As Finn felt her sitting down he sat beside her and smiled gently. She was just as lovely as Poe had described, even if she hadn’t said a word. He already adored her. He hoped she could see that in him, hoped that it made her feel a little bit better. He hoped, most of all, that she understood that he too was promising that he wouldn’t hurt her. He’d help her see the good in humanity. Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey watched as Luke washed the dishes, whistling to himself. She was sitting on a stool playing with her hair. "So Rey," Luke said, Rey cocked her head in response. "Most 17 year olds go to school, and I'm aware that summer is going to start in a month. But I would like you to go, or at least see what it's like. You went to school when you stayed with...them, right?" He asked turning around to face her. Finn had left, and Rey missed him a little. He had been nice to her, he had held her hand, and he had felt… Different. She liked it. But now she was sat watching her father, as he had insisted on doing the dishes himself. She wondered if maybe she’d be asked to do them (she’d always had to do them when she was younger) and not doing them felt… Strange. The mention of school left her perplexed. She had heard of it, but had never really learnt much about it. She looked at her father with confusion on her face, prompting him to continue his explanation. "School? It's a place where children go to learn things like math, reading, writing, science, history, and a bunch of other stuff. School usually starts around the age of 5 or 6. I'm sure you went. If not, were you taught at home?" He asked. Rey shook her head. "Do you know how to read or write? Do you know what 5+5 is?" At her father’s questions, Rey lowered her head. The way he was saying these things sounded so much like they were simple, like he expected her to know them. Not knowing them felt like she had failed him. She knew she’d fail him sooner or later. Without hesitating she stood and ran upstairs, wanting to hide herself away. If she’d failed him, he might turn on her like the others always had. Luke sighed, putting his head in his hands as her door slammed shut. She doesn't know how to read or write. She doesn't know simple mathematics. "God Mara, what do I do?" He asked. Mara would of course hit him upside the head, but then go talk to Rey. Things were going alright today. She made a friend and seemed happy. Luke thought as he walked up the stairs. Rey heard his footsteps and took a deep breath. She sat in the corner of her bedroom with a pillow hugged close to her chest. She shouldn’t be afraid, she knew she shouldn’t. Luke had been nothing but kind and loving and caring, but she knew that could change. She knew that with less than a moment’s notice she could go from eating 3 meals a day to being smacked around and left to starve again. She felt like she deserved it. "Rey?" Luke asked, slowly opening her door. He sadly wasn't surprised to see Rey in the corner. "I didn't mean to upset you. You did nothing wrong." He said easing himself down on her bed. "You're not in trouble, Rey. This isn't your fault. I'm not mad at you. I'm mad that they didn't even let you go to school. Did they ever let you leave the house?" She shook her head. Luke couldn’t help the sad look on his face at that revelation. She’d spent almost 17 years of her life inside. Again he wanted to pull her into his arms and hold her close, but given her current state of fear he wasn’t going to try that. “Oh Rey…” He whispered gently. For not the first time in the last few days, Luke had no idea what to do. “Would you like to see Finn again?” He suggested. “Perhaps we could visit him, let you go outside again. It’s a nice day and I’m sure he’d like to talk to you. I think he’s with Poe, perhaps the three of you could spend some time together.” Rey nodded. Slowly standing up. Since Finn was such a nice person, maybe he hung out with other nice people. Luke smiled as she put her pillow back on her bed and started down the stairs. She slipped her shoes on. She hoped she weren't be a burden to Finn's friend, what was his name again? Oh, Poe. That was it. Wasn't he the one with the illness that can't be cured? Rey followed Luke outside, squinting as the sun shined down on her. Luke walked with her, ensuring that she felt comfortable. He didn’t want to follow her at all times, but he wanted her to feel safe. He saw Finn sitting across the road with Poe, Poe watching the two of them with his eyes wide open. As Rey and Luke started to walk towards them, he composed himself and smiled gently, alerting Finn to the arrival of the two of them. Poe waved at them. Finn had told Poe all about this girl and when he held her hand, it felt different. Of course Poe joked about Rey being Finn's girlfriend, causing the blind man to blush. Rey looked a little better since the last time he saw her, more life in her cheeks and less scared. Poe couldn’t help but smirk at the way Finn’s lips had curved into a smile as he anticipated her arrival. When Rey left Luke’s side to approach them, Poe remembered what Finn had told him about their meeting earlier, and he tried to be as gentle as he could. “Hi.” He said softly. “I’m Poe, Finn’s friend.” Rey gave a little wave and sat down next to Finn. Luke waved goodbye and headed back home. She still seemed nervous about Poe, which Finn could sense. "He's not gonna hurt you Rey, I promise." She looked at Poe for a moment, but decided that Finn’s words were enough for her to trust him. So she nodded to Poe, her hand instantly going into Finn’s. When she held it earlier she felt safe, so she hoped by doing it again it would help her with meeting Poe. Finn instantly blushed (holding someone’s hand was a lot easier when your best friend wasn’t next to you and teasing you about dating her), and Poe returned to smirking for a second. “Finn’s told me a lot about you.” Rey smiled at that, her cheeks turning bright red. She squeezed Finn's hand, which he returned. "Look at you two love birds. Adorable." Poe said with a smirk. "Poe." Finn hissed, which made Rey let out the tiniest of giggles. “A-actually…” Finn stammered, his head turning to where he presumed Rey was. “Do that again.” He said. If it made Rey laugh, when all he had heard earlier was Luke trying to pull her away from fear, then he was happy enough to put up with it. “No fun if you’re agreeing to it.” Poe retorted, lying back in the grass and taking a deep breath. “So am I meant to leave you two alone now?” Rey smiled and jokingly nodded. "Now Finn, I know you're deeply in love with this beautiful creature, but you can't marry a woman you just met. Even if you two are soul mates and your kids would be freakin’ adorable." Rey cracked up, and mouthed at Poe 'You think so?' Finn smiled when he heard Rey laugh, but gestured for Poe to tone it down just a little. He’d told Poe about what had happened earlier and even though Rey was laughing now, he didn’t know what would happen if they overstepped the mark without Luke being there. He couldn’t see her to help if she got upset, and Poe wouldn’t know what to do. “Alright, I’m done.” He said, putting his hands up in mock surrender. Poe flashed Rey a smile and she smiled back immediately. Poe hadn’t thought too much about her past, and had decided to try and make her forget about it too, even if only for a second. It seemed it worked. "So Rey," Poe asked. "Are you enjoying it here?" Rey nodded. "Will you be heading to school with us? Or will you start in the fall?" It was an innocent question, or so Poe thought. Rey hid her head in shame, pulling her knees up to her chest, still holding onto Finn's hand. Finn felt her hand tensing and furrowed his brows, looking towards where Poe was. “Is she okay?” He asked. “Rey? What’s wrong…? I need you to tell Poe so he can help.” Finn said, trying to convince her gently. But Rey did nothing. In fact, she took her hand away from Finn and brought both arms around herself tightly. Finn could have sworn he’d heard a sob. “Rey?” He whispered. Poe felt terrible. He hadn't meant to make her upset. "Rey, whatever I said, I'm sorry. Really I am. Can you tell me what made you upset so I don't do it again?" Rey sighed. She mouthed 'I've never been to school. I can't read or write or do simple math. I'm stupid.' Another sob escaped her. Poe blinked, staring at her in astonishment. He couldn’t imagine having never been to school. After hearing what Finn had told him about her, his heart broke even more. She hadn’t had any escape from what had happened to her, it must’ve been constant. “Rey, I’m gonna hug you.” He said. “I don’t want it to frighten you, so I’m telling you now.” And when he finished speaking, he pulled the still crying Rey into his arms, holding her tightly but loose enough for her to escape if she felt the need. “You’re not stupid, Rey.” It felt odd to have someone else touch her. Not a bad kind of odd, just... odd. "Rey? May I join in on the hug?" Finn asked, holding out his hand. She tapped it twice, yes. He wrapped his arm around her. She felt safe in their arms. She wished she could stay in this moment forever. Sadly, all good things must come to an end. Poe started coughing, which made Rey jump at the sudden noise. Finn pulled back, not wanting to break the hug with Rey suddenly in case it scared her, but his response to Poe coughing wasn’t something he could control anymore, he practically ran on autopilot around him. “You okay Poe?” He asked, gradually moving his hands to the man’s shoulders. “You should get inside, you’ve been out for a while.” He told his friend. “We can always come with you if you want to talk.” He suggested. Poe shook his head. "I'm fine. Really. But we can go inside. You okay with that Rey?" She nodded, standing up. "Sorry I scared you. I would have pulled away if I knew I was gonna cough. Oh! I almost forgot, I've got something to show you guys follow me." Poe said as they followed him into the house. Rey looked around herself in awe and astonishment as Finn followed Poe inside. The house was magnificent, even if it was just ordinary to most people. There were pictures of Poe on the wall. Happy, smiling Poe, with his parents, at school, with his friends. As Finn walked closely behind Poe, Rey stopped for a moment to look at them all closely. There wasn’t a single picture where Poe was sad, or where he was hurt or hungry. She felt out of place in his home, still believing that she deserved the punishment she’d been given. Why should she be somewhere so nice when she was such a lowly person? Rey closed her eyes for a moment, taking a deep breath, before quietly following Poe and Finn. She could make it up to him later, she could do the dishes or tidy the house or do the garden, then maybe she’d be allowed back. It was nice here, and she liked Poe, so she’d do what she had to. She stopped when she saw a small table. On it were pictures of a woman that looked exactly like Poe. A pilot’s helmet sat on the table. A plaque was leaning against the wall. She had no idea what it said. She got a sad feeling when she looked at it, but she didn't know why. Part of her wanted to reach out and touch it, but she didn’t. She heard Poe calling her from upstairs and quickly ran up, following his voice. She didn’t want to get in trouble. “Rey.” Poe said, inviting her to sit on his bed beside him. “Finn’s gone to the bathroom, so I’m gonna talk to you quickly. Look, I’m sure someone’s explained things to you by now, the fact that I’m sick, the fact that Finn’s blind… I’ve been his eyes for years Rey. When I’m gone he’s not gonna lose a friend, he’s gonna lose the world. He likes you, okay? He really likes you, so I need you to keep an eye out for me when I’m gone. Don’t leave him in the dark, don’t let it get the best of him.” He said as quickly as he could before falling silent, going to his desk and leaving Rey sitting there as a door opened down the hallway and Finn’s footsteps could be heard slowly returning to his room. Rey felt sick. She could barely talk, how was she supposed to describe the world to someone? Before she could think about it too much, Finn interrupted her thoughts. "So, what did you want to show us?" He asked. Poe turned to Finn and smiled lightly. “I wrote a bucket list.” He told them. “I figured, y’know, two months left to live, I should probably have some fun. And anything I don’t get done, you and Rey can finish.” He said as cheerfully as he could, trying to ignore the fact that he knew he’d never finish the list, that he’d be long dead before it was ever done, but for now he could remain optimistic. “If you guys want to do it, anyway.” Rey nodded as Finn said. "Of course! Anything for you buddy. So what's on it?" Rey had no idea what a bucket list was, but she was sure it somehow involved dying. Poe reached over to his bedside table, grabbing a list written on a sheet of notebook paper. “I mean, there’s some normal stuff on there. Getting married, having kids, going to prom.” He said. “There’s the cliché’s of things like going skydiving, going to Hawaii, things like that. And then there’s stuff that I really want to do, like just skipping school for a week and going on holiday. I want to have a picnic, a proper one, somewhere out of town where it’s just us.” Finn felt like crying. He knew Poe wouldn't be able to do half the stuff on this list before he died. Rey, on the other hand, was filled with determination. She looked at Poe and mouthed 'Let's go do that right now.' In all honesty, Rey had no idea what she was thinking or saying. Poe smiled a little at her words, but he shook his head. “I’ve got chemo tomorrow, I’m meant to be on bedrest.” He told her. “You two can go spend some time together if you want. Actually, Rey, d’you mind if I have a word with Finn in private before I get back to bed?” Rey nodded waving goodbye to the two. She headed back home, wondering what chemo was. She'd have to ask Luke. "What's going on man?" Finn asked. Poe sat himself down on his bed, letting out a groan of pain that he’d been keeping in and coughing into his hands for a minute before he rested against the wall. “You like her.” He said, the smile on his face obvious despite the pain he was in. “You really like Rey.” Finn blushed. "Y-Yeah. I guess I do. She doesn't feel the same way, that's for certain." Finn said, sighing. Poe raised an eyebrow at this. “Don’t jump to conclusions.” He told his friend. “She’s just come out of a literal hell, she’s terrified. I know you can’t, but I can see it on her face. She’s afraid of everything she sees. God do I just want to hold her until everything’s better, but that might scare her too. We’ll bring her out of that though, you and me. We’ll show her what the world has to offer. But you’ve got to promise me that when we do, you do something about it. Okay? When I’m gone, someone needs to be there for you.” Finn nodded. "But Poe...she can't talk. And when you're gone, you can't tell me what she's saying or what facial expression she's making. Don't get me wrong, I want to help her. She deserves a good life." “We’ve got two months.” He laughed, the laugh descending into a sharp cough and he winced. He really needed to get some rest, but he wasn’t going to end this conversation just yet. “Finn, in two months we might get her to talk, she clearly trusts you. She came over and held your hand instantly, I promise you’ll figure it out.” Finn nodded. He would be lying if he said he wasn't going to try his damnedest to get a word out if her. "Poe, you need to rest, your cough is getting worse. I'll see you tomorrow after chemo, alright? I'll get Rey and we can talk about the list." Poe relented, letting himself slip back under his bedsheets and bringing them to cover his face as he tried to hold back his coughs. “Just look after her, okay? What you said earlier about what Luke told you, she’s gonna need someone. You make her feel safe Finn, keep her safe. Go on, go see her. Maybe you could teach her how to make your cookies someday, I reckon she’d like that.” He smiled. “Show her she doesn’t have to do things like that because she’s scared, let her know that it’s fun too. Try and make her laugh or something.” Finn smiled. "I'll sure as hell try. See you tomorrow." Finn grabbed his walking stick and made his way out the front door. He was thinking about what Poe said and neglected to listen for cars. He didn't even realize it until someone screamed. " Finn! ” Notes: Yes, we're horrible for that ending. No, we're not sorry for that ending. Chapter 5 The next few seconds were a blur. He felt arms on his shoulders pushing him backwards, heard the screeching of tires, felt a weight pressing down on his chest and a sharp pain in his back. The pain quickly subsided and whatever was on him was gone. He heard footsteps running away from him and others running towards him. He felt hands, hands he recognised, Poe’s hands , grabbing him and pulling him upright. “Finn, buddy, you okay?” He asked, a cough punctuating his words. “Damn that was close.” "The hell just happened!?" Finn asked, clearly confused. "You almost got hit by a car! But Rey pushed you out of the way!" Poe exclaimed. “Rey?!” He said, trying to listen for her. “I can’t hear her, Poe is she okay? Can you see her? Please tell me she didn’t get hurt.” He asked desperately. “Rey?!” As he yelled, another pair of hands found their way onto him, these belonging to Luke. He held Finn’s shoulders gently, trying to get him to calm down. “She ran off, are you alright? I need to go after her. But you’re not hurt, you don’t need any help?” Finn nodded. "Yes Mr. Skywalker. I'm alright. I think." Luke nodded at this and ran after Rey shouting her name. Poe stayed with Finn, keeping him talking until his grandmother came out. He and Maz managed to take him inside and get him into bed to keep an eye on him. He had a few cuts and bruises, but nothing serious. It was a relief, Poe didn’t know if he could go through it all again with Finn, not now. He needed Finn to be okay for just a little bit longer. # # # She couldn’t have gone far, that’s what Luke kept telling himself. But he didn’t know Rey, for all he knew she could be fast. She was quick enough to save Finn from being hit by a car, obviously. She didn’t know where she was here though, she could be lost and he didn’t want her left out in the dark. She could be hurt, he needed to know she was okay. Rey ran as fast as her legs could carry her, tears already falling down her face. She didn't know where she was going, and frankly she didn't care. She was done for now. She pushed Finn. She was acting out of fear. She probably hurt him. Blood was running down her legs and hands, but that didn't slow her down. The sun was setting when she finally stopped to catch her breath and she decided she was hopelessly lost. She still didn’t care. She tried to look for somewhere that was out of the way, not wanting to be standing in the middle of the street in case she was found. Wherever she was, it was busy, people were everywhere but no one seemed to pay her any attention. As she snuck down into a small alley way, Rey felt her legs give in and let herself sit on the ground. It was cold and dark and wet, but she didn’t care. The first friend she had and she’d hurt him, and now she’d run away from the only place she could have called a home (not that she felt like she’d be welcome back after what she did). In a way, it was more terrifying here than it had been with the others. At least with them she had known the punishment was coming. Out here she was confused and lost, and her knees and her hands stung painfully. She wiped the blood from her hands on her jeans (is that what they were called?) and let herself cry quietly, sobbing into her arms. The sun had finally set, and the late spring breeze blew though the alley causing her to shiver. But soon that cold shiver was replaced with a shiver of fear when she heard a voice that appeared every night in her nightmares. She held her breath, not wanting to make a sound, but the gruff voice made it clear that she’d already been spotted. At least there was only one of them, even if he was calling in his friends. Rey tried to curl up further, praying that she’d find a way to fade away into the wall and cease to exist, but a rough hand cupped her cheek and she realised that no amount of praying could end this. “Don’t cry, beautiful.” The man said softly, at least, as softly as this man could talk. “We’ve come to bring you home. You’ll be safe with us now.” He said, his other hand moving below her chin to tip her head up. “Come on, give us a kiss love.” Her eyes were filled with fear. She managed to get her head out of his grasp, which only made him mad. He slapped her across the face, her head slamming into the wall. "Well, well, well. Rey's back. We missed you sweetheart." Another voice, a woman's came up from behind along with three others. "I'm sure you missed us to. Now why don't we let the boys make up for lost time?" Her twisted grin making Rey want to throw up. Rey wanted to scream and run, but 4 against 1 wasn’t really a very fair fight. She tried to stand up, but she felt herself being pushed back and forceful lips pressing against her cheeks, stubble rubbing on her skin. She could smell the alcohol. As a sob left her lips she felt herself giving in, deciding that letting it happen all over again would be easier than fighting. Besides, she had a good few days with her father, with Finn and with Poe, but it was never meant to last. She felt another pair of hands on her, now just letting tears fall. And then there was a commotion, there was yelling and shouting and before she knew what was happened she felt something hit her head, hard, and she felt everything around her go dark and quiet. # # # Finn and Poe were sat outside Rey’s bedroom. They had done for the whole of the next morning. Luke had told them what had happened, how he had found her, and neither of them had words for it. Whoever had been so cruel to her before had somehow found her again and tried to take her back, they’d hit her (at least twice from the sounds of it) and they’d tried to do some horrible, horrible things. Finn had turned paler than usual and sat in silence, and Poe had been watching her door closely. They didn’t know how they were going to help her when she woke up, but they knew they were going to do something. This is all my fault . Finn thought. If I had just listened for cars, than Rey would be fine. God, I'm a terrible person . One of the only things he actually wanted to remember, was when Rey said his name. Sure she was screaming it, but she sounded beautiful. Even when screaming. Speaking of screaming, Finn was snapped out of his thoughts by the sound of Rey screaming. Before Poe or Finn could get up, Luke was already up the stairs and rushed into her room. They both peeked they're heads in to see Luke trying to calm her down as she sobbed. She was fighting him desperately, trying to push him away from her with every bit of strength that she had. He let her go, not wanting to hurt her more, and she returned to the corner that she had more or less claimed as her ‘safe spot’, every time she was scared she’d go there. It broke Luke’s heart that he couldn’t get close to her, but having her crying in the corner was preferable to her kicking and screaming and fighting in fear. He promised to bring her something to eat and to leave her alone, before leaving her room and giving a heavy sigh as he turned to the boys. “I’d love to let you in.” He said. “I can’t, not if she’s like this. Yesterday shook her up, they came back for her and that might take a while for her to get over.” Luke said, running his fingers through his hair. “If anything changes though, I’ll let you boys know.” Finn and Poe took that as their cue to leave. They parted their ways without so much as a 'goodbye'. Finn slowly walked up the porch steps, Maz already waiting for him. Now that he was home, he finally let his emotions go, sobbing in his grandma's arms. "It's all m-my fault!" He cried, tears streaming down his cheeks. Maz brought her arms around her grandson and held him tight, pressing a soft kiss to Finn's forehead. "You did nothing wrong." She said gently. "It was just a lot of bad luck. That girl has had her fair share of it, I'm sure she'll get better soon. She just needs time, anyone would." "Yes I did! If I had just listened for cars, Rey would never have run into them! And now she's back to square one! She probably hates me! And frankly, I hate myself as well!" The last time Finn had had a run in with a car like that, he had lost his eyesight. "Finn." Maz said sternly. "That's no way to talk about things. Rey is frightened, but she doesn't hate you. You shouldn't hate yourself either. You said she spoke, she spoke because of you. That's pretty impressive." She said. "She wanted to keep you safe." "But I should be the one keeping her safe. I want to help her, but there's nothing I can do." His tears had finally stopped, but he kept sniffing. Maz held Finn closer in her arms, pressing another soothing kiss to his forehead. “That’s not your job.” She told him. “Finn, you and I both heard what Luke said, we both know what she’s gone through. No one should have to take on helping her alone, certainly not you. You’re there to be her friend, to show her what it’s like to be a teenager. Luke is there to protect her and make her feel safe. You can help, but it’s not your job.” She reassured him. “Besides, you’re still a little shaken up from yesterday. You’re a magnet for car accidents.” Maz said, her tone light, trying to joke about it all and cheer him up a little. # # # Poe stood in front of the picture of his mother, Shara. Tomorrow was the anniversary of her death. She'd been gone 8 years. A tear slide down his cheek, remembering that fateful day. "I'm sorry mum. I'm sorry I couldn't save you." He felt awful, he always did but this year was so much worse. After everything happening with Rey yesterday, and the fact that this was going to be the last time he lived on the day his mother died. He felt sick at the thought of it. Poe turned away from the picture and went back to his bedroom, finding himself curling up under his duvet and letting silent tears fall down his face. The crying was happening a lot more now, and he wondered if it was because he’d reached the point where he knew he was dying. He could feel it. He felt his insides failing him, the tightness in his chest when he tried to breathe. It scared him beyond what he could describe but he tried so hard to keep up the brave face for everyone around him. “Mum…” He whispered to himself. “I’m so sorry, I need you mum. I need my mum, I want my mum.” No one answered. He would soon be with his mum, which made him both sick to his stomach and filled with glee. He remembered crying in Finn's arms at the hospital, as doctors told him she couldn't be saved. Screaming that she couldn't be gone. His dad trying to calm him down, while Finn just let him cry in his arms. That was back when Finn could see. He had always tried so hard to rid himself of those memories but he couldn’t, he’d never forget it. Poe brought his arms around his pillow and held it as tightly as he could as he sobbed into it, crying until his father came to take him to chemo and sitting silently in the hospital for the rest of the day as he was treated. He hated it. He knew he was going to die, so why did he have to keep this up? Were they expecting a miracle? Days like today, he sure as hell didn’t want one. # # # Luke had tried so hard to talk to Rey. She was inconsolable. She hadn’t eaten anything he’d given her and she’d barely touched her water. And he was scared himself, seeing his own daughter being touched like that was something he’d never be able to forget. And the fact that it had happened for 17 years without him even knowing, it made him sick to his stomach. He sat outside her door, checking on her every 5 minutes. He'd occasionally say her name, hoping for an answer, at least a sound. She was still in the corner, and was, by the looks of it, scratching something into the wall with a fingernail. He wanted to tell her that she was safe here, but last night proved that she wasn’t. They’d found her again. They wanted her back. He wanted to say he’d protect her, but what good would that do? What if he’d turned up just a few minutes later to find them… He shook his head, he didn’t want to think about it. Rey deserved so much better. He went back into her room once more, bringing her dinner. He tried to coax her out of the corner and get her to eat something but she wouldn’t move. Again, he left the food there for her in the hopes that she’d have something, and he returned to sitting outside of her room. He fell asleep there, wanting to be near her just in case she needed him or she needed protecting. He woke up to the sound of thrashing. He ran in to see Rey struggling in her sleep. He gently shook her, and whispered her name over and over. "It's alright Rey. You're at home, you're with me, I'll keep you safe." Rey woke up the second she felt his hands on her arms, letting tears fall from her eyes. She was so afraid, her heart was pounding and she could hear their voices again. It was a nightmare, she knew it was, but now she was awake it wasn’t leaving her. She could feel their hands ghosting over her body, grabbing her and hitting her and pushing her around. She heard their threats and felt her body in pain. She pushed Luke away as hard as she could, but she had so little strength that she barely moved him, instead just sobbing in fear in his arms. Luke held her, rubbing her back. "It's just a dream. It's just a dream Rey." She buried her face in his chest, muffling her sobs. Every sob shook her thin and frail body, filling Luke with sadness. Soon, tears were falling down his own face without him realizing it. There was so little he could do for her but he had to do so much. He couldn’t imagine the hell she’d been through, and she’d been exposed to it again all too soon. “I’m so sorry Rey.” He whispered to her, hoping that his voice would be enough to draw her out of her post-nightmare state, but it didn’t seem to be working. "Really I am. If I had known, if I hadn't left Mara...Christ I'm a terrible person." He hadn't meant to say that part out loud. He felt a hand on his cheek, looking down, he realized it was Rey, and she had a look of determination on her face. "N-No." She said. Luke brought his arms around her tighter and held her there. She shouldn’t have to console him, that wasn’t her job, not now. “Go back to sleep.” He said softly. “I’m not going to leave you, I’ll stay right here.” She buried her face into his chest again, and fell asleep. Her rhythmic breathing soon caused Luke to fall asleep as well with Rey still in his arms. And they spent the rest of the night like that. Father and daughter. Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Finn walked down the hall, stretching and yawning. Maz was already awake, but before he could say 'good morning' the phone rang. Maz checked the number before handing it to Finn. "It's for you." "Hello?" He asked. "Hey buddy! Didn't wake you up did I?" Poe voice asked, Finn couldn't ignore the trembling in his voice. “No, course not Poe. Hey, how’d yesterday go? D’you want me to come round to yours this afternoon?” He asked, trying to sound optimistic to help his friend feel better. “I didn’t get discharged, still in hospital. Apparently I’ve had a pretty bad reaction to it. I’m feeling a little bit better now, I was wondering if you’d come visit. The doctors say it’s okay, it’s not dangerous.” Finn bit down on his lip and gently teased it, thinking. He tried so hard to think positively. Poe was awake, Poe was talking, the doctors were allowing him visitors. This wasn’t serious, it was just a reaction, it happened all the time. He’d be okay. "Yeah! I'll head over there right now." Maz nodded at him, even though Finn couldn't see it. "Oh! Could you maybe try to bring Rey?" Poe asked, followed by a loud cough and a hiss of pain. "I can sure as hell try." Finn told him. They said their goodbyes and hung up the phone. "Granny how am I going to convince Rey to go see Poe?" He asked, pacing across the kitchen floor. “Perhaps we should wait a little while, maybe give her another hour to rest. Luke was telling me about how afraid she was. Hopefully a little space and some rest was all she needed.” She suggested, placing a hand on Finn’s shoulder and smiling gently. “She’s a strong girl Finn, I’m sure when she feels safe again she’ll be more than happy to come out and see Poe, the three of you seemed to get on amazingly well in such little time.” Finn smiled and nodded. "Can we at least tell Mr. Skywalker? Just to tell him what's going on?" "I'll go do that, you go get dressed and eat breakfast." Finn nodded, popping pop tart into the toaster and heading to his room to get dressed. Maz stepped outside in the early summer sun. The birds were singing as Maz made her way up to Luke's house. She could hear movement coming from inside, the sound of plates being put away, and it made her smile a little more, perhaps Rey had emerged from her bedroom. Luke had told her everything, and Maz always listened. She worried as much about Rey as he did, but she watched from a distance. She was a brave young girl, and she seemed more determined to emerge from the darkness she had come from than anyone she knew. As she knocked on the door, it was pulled open by a tired, but happy, Luke. “Hello Maz.” He said, yawning briefly. “What can I do for you?” "Morning Luke. I was just coming over because Poe had a bad reaction to his chemo. He's alright, but Finn was going to go over and hang out with him. And Poe was wondering if Rey wanted to join. Of course she doesn't have to, I was just carrying on the message." Maz could see Rey sitting on a stool, looking at a book. "I don't want to interrupt you. And it doesn't have to be now." Luke sighed. "You're not really interrupting. I'm just trying to teach Rey how to read. We're starting with The Cat in the Hat. She seems to be enjoying it." Maz smiled sadly at the girl in the room, watching as her eyebrows came together in a stubborn confusion to try and figure out what a word said. “We can always take the book with us, maybe Poe can help her. He’d love a distraction like that, I’m sure.” She offered. “It’s up to Rey, if she feels safe enough coming with us. You look to need some rest anyway, I’d have a sleep while we’re gone.” "I didn't get much sleep last night. Rey was having nightmares. Luckily we seem to be getting somewhere. She let me hold her until she fell back asleep, and she didn't even wake up again. Rey?" Luke asked, the girl looked up. "Would you like to go see Poe in the hospital? Finn will also be there. You can bring your book." Rey hesitated for a second before she decidedly stood up and closed the book, holding it close to her chest as she silently walked towards Maz and Luke. She nodded, standing close to her father as he put an arm around her. “You’ll be safe, don’t worry.” He reassured her, watching as she stepped nervously out of the door and towards Maz. When she realised her father wasn’t following, she turned around and looked at him with eyes that almost begged him to accompany her. "Rey, Maz isn't going to hurt you. She's Finn's grandmother." Luke told her. Rey thought for moment. She was related to Finn, and since he was nice, she figured Maz would be to. She gave Luke a hug, catching the man off guard, he returned it. Rey followed Maz to her car, Finn just coming out the front door. Seeing Finn made Rey smile. Finn made everything a little bit less scary. Rey stopped following Maz and instead made her way to Finn’s side, taking his hand. She saw him smile, recognising the girl who’s hands he was holding. “Hi Rey.” He said. “I’m glad you’re okay.” He told her gently, letting her guide him forwards. Maz helped the two into the car. Rey had only been in a car a few times. Once with the others, another with the police when they came and got her, and with Luke when she went to get new clothes. Finn helped her put her seat belt on. Once Maz pulled out of the driveway, Rey rested her head on Finn's shoulder, causing the blind man to blush. # # # The hospital room that Poe was in was horrible. He hated hospital rooms, they always reminded him of his mother passing away. Everything smelled clinical and the room was painfully white. Though he was thankful for the smell of bleach, it managed to cover up the smell of sick pretty well. He felt awful, but knowing that Finn and Rey were coming he forced himself to stay awake and try and feel a little better for them. He didn’t want to see him this weak – he was always so strong. Finn knew his way around the hospital, having been there so many times in the past. He tried to bring Rey into the elevator, but she was terrified of it, so they took the stairs. Her grip never loosed on his hand, nor her book. Maz had taken the elevator instead so she was waiting for them. Rey pressed herself closer to Finn, eyes wandering the halls. She was afraid, seeing so many new people all at once was terrifying. She gripped Finn’s hand even tighter and almost tripped over her own feet trying to get closer to him. The cuts and bruises from the other night were still showing, and she was still incredibly thin – she looked more or less like she should be in one of the beds. Everyone looked so ill, and she didn’t want to see Poe looking like that too. As the got to his room, Rey stopped outside nervously, looking towards Finn for help. "Rey it's alright. You can come in." Rey shook her head and backed up against the wall, still holding his hand in a death grip. "I'll go in first, then you can come in later. He really wants to see you Rey." Finn took his hand away from her, leaving her standing there with Maz. Finn glanced back one more time before opening the door. "Buddy!" Poe yelled. Rey couldn't hear the rest of the conversation because the door slammed shut. She flinched a little at the slam, holding the book tighter around her chest and taking deep breaths to try and calm herself. She looked at Maz and the lady silently moved towards her, putting an arm around her and Rey moved into her embrace. Luke spoke to Maz, Finn was Maz’s grandson, Poe trusted her, so she must be nice. “Poe isn’t going to be any different.” Maz said softly. “He’s still Poe, he’s just sick.” Rey sighed, and mouthed at Maz 'Is he gonna die soon?' She asked. "He's been sick for years, he doesn't have long. Everything went downhill after his mother died. He got cancer a few years later, and Finn got in an accident which blinded him." 'How did his mom die?' She mouthed. “There was an accident, his mother had taken him up in a plane and something went wrong. She saved his life but it killed her. Poe’s always blamed himself for it, he misses her so much.” Maz explained sadly. “Shara was a wonderful woman, she loved Poe with everything in her.” Rey couldn't imagine losing someone like that. Maybe that's what her father felt when her mother died. Knowing someone your whole life and then blaming yourself for that person's death? Poor Poe. That must have been his mother's helmet she had seen in his house. But one thing was still on her mind. 'Maz, where are Finn's parents?' She mouthed. Maz sighed softly, her shoulders falling. She closed her eyes for a moment, thinking it through. “Finn’s parents weren’t good parents.” She said. “His mother treated him awfully and his father, my son, ended up in prison. I took custody of Finn, I’ve looked after him since he was a child. He can barely remember his parents, never asks about them. I don’t want him to be upset by it.” 'That's terrible!' Rey mouthed. It made her anger that anyone would dare hurt Finn. He was a kind and sweet person. "It is sweetie. My son keeps sending Finn letters, promising that he's gonna make it up to him when he gets out. He won't get out for another 7 years." 'It seems all 3 of us have had pretty shitty lives.' She mouthed. Maz chuckled at this, glad that Rey was feeling more comfortable around her. “Would you like to go see Poe?” She asked, careful to make sure that she didn’t push her too far. “I can come in if you want, or I can wait out here. Finn’s there, he’ll look after you.” Rey paused for a moment, looking at the door and taking another deep breath. She could do this, she’d go in and speak to Finn and Poe and everything would be alright. She gave Maz a nervous smile, mouthing ‘I’ll be fine,’ before she slowly opened the door. She stood there for several seconds, watching the boys in a deep discussion. When Poe saw Rey, he stopped talking and laughed, nudging Finn gently in the side. “Hiya Rey, you feeling better today? We were really worried about you.” She smiled and nodded. Slowly walking over to the boys. She found Finn's hand instantly, again causing the blind man to blush. Poe snorted at that. "What happened while I was gone? A lot apparently. You two made out already?" He wiggled his eyebrows, Rey giggled and Finn rolled his eyes. "What do you have Rey?" He asked, gesturing to the book. Rey looked down to the book still in her hand, and passed it over to Poe to show him. She was still ashamed that she didn’t know how to do something so basic, and she didn’t want Finn to have to hear how little she really did know, how hard she was trying. One day she’d be able to read. Poe took the book from her, looking it over and chuckling a little. “I loved this book when I was a kid.” He told her. “I could read it to you later if you’d like.” Rey nodded, still embarrassed. "This was one of the first books Finn got when he was learning Braille. He had trouble learning how to read Braille, and you have trouble learning how to read. Everyone struggles with learning new things." She nodded a little, watching as the colour drained from Poe’s face as another wave of nausea hit him and he threw up. Rey took a step backwards but Finn held her hand tightly, trying to reassure her that he’d be okay. Still, it unnerved her to watch. “Don’t worry.” Finn said quietly. “He’ll be okay, this always happens. Just this time it’s worse than normal. He’ll be okay in a minute.” He said, moving to rub Poe’s back. He placed the trash can on the ground, letting himself fall back on the pillows. "Third time today. Sorry you had to see that Rey. Didn't mean to scare you." He took the cup of water sitting next to him on a little desk and shakily brought it to his lips. He spit some of it out in a coughing fit. Finn continued to pat Poe’s back to help him back to normal breathing, Rey watching on in complete silence. When he seemed okay again, she moved a little closer to him and pointed to the book. Once Poe was back to normal breathing, he picked up the book. "You want me to read this now?" He asked. Rey nodded. Poe opened up the book to the first page. Rey then did something that shocked both boys. She climbed in bed next to Poe, not under the covers, while still holding Finn's hand. She was careful not to hurt Poe or the wires sticking out of his arm. She rested her head on his shoulder. Poe gave her a reassuring smile, bringing one arm around her as he started to read. Finn’s smile was wide as ever, remembering when Poe had read it word by word to help him learn how the braille felt beneath his fingers. Poe watched Rey follow him along, her eyes looking at each word and remembering how they were said so she could read the book with her father when they got home. Not too long later, there was a gentle knock on the door. Maz put her head through and smiled at the three of them sat together. “I think it’s time for us to leave Finn, Rey.” "Alright granny. Bye Poe!" Finn said, Poe handed the book back to Rey. Rey clambered out of the bed and followed Maz out of the room, leaving Poe sat there with Finn. As Finn stood up to leave, Poe grabbed his hand and he stopped and turned to him. “Gonna keep your promise then?” Poe asked, laughing a little. “You’ve got to admire how determined she is. Before you know it she’ll be reading and writing and talking, and you’re gonna ask her out.” “Poe!” Finn exclaimed. “What? We agreed that you like her, and she clearly likes you. Just promise that you’ll do it one day. I’m gonna be honest with you Finn… I thought this was it for me. Last night I thought I was a gonner. You’ve got to keep this promise, I can see how happy she is around you. If I die today, promise me you’ll ask her out.” “Poe don’t talk like that, you know I can’t lose you.” “Finn, are you coming?” His grandmother asked again, and Poe loosened his grip on his friend’s arm. “See you tomorrow.” He said, waving goodbye as Finn headed back to the car. Rey was already sat there, holding onto her book tightly. “If Poe’s okay, he should get out tomorrow. I was thinking we make a start on his bucket list and take him on a picnic. What’d you say?” Notes: We're planning something pretty horrible for the next chapter guys, not gonna lie. Hope you enjoy pain. Chapter 7 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe was discharged later in the evening, and Finn called him to discuss a plan that he and Rey had spoken about after arriving home. “We’re taking you out for the day.” Finn said quietly into the phone. “Don’t tell your dad, I know he won’t let you out. We’re going for a picnic just outside of town, the three of us. Rey and I are gonna sort out the food, just make sure you’re awake before your dad in the morning.” "Of course! See you tomorrow." Poe smiled and hung up the phone. During dinner, Rey bounced up and down in her seat, between forks full of pasta. "What are you so excited about?" Luke asked. Rey made a zipping motion with her hand over her lips. "A secret?" She nodded. While he wanted to ask, seeing his daughter so happy wasn’t something that he would trade. So he let her have this, God knows she deserved it. Rey insisted on washing the dishes after dinner, so Luke let her, but he found her still in the kitchen putting together sandwiches and fruits (Finn had explained at length what a picnic was, so she knew exactly what she had to make), still as happy as ever. Luke helped her, deciding to let her have fun with her friends (but there was no harm in sticking in a few extra treats for whatever the three of them were planning on doing). Sleep came easily for the three of them that night, even Rey slept with only a few nightmares, but at least she slept through. Luke woke up to the sound of feet tiptoeing down the hall. He climbed out of bed to see Rey looking out the window every few minutes. The sun had barely risen, and the birds had just started singing. She was already dressed and had a backpack on, but she was waiting for someone. He looked at Rey for a second, before speaking to her. “Be careful.” He said, though he was smiling. “And have fun, just don’t stay out too late okay? I want you home safe.” Rey nodded, seeing Finn outside the window with Poe and taking it as her sign to leave. She waved a goodbye to her father, grabbing the picnic basket on the way out (which, thanks to Luke figuring out what she was doing, now had a picnic blanket and some paper plates packed inside as well) as she ran to her friends. There was no one else around and despite it being summer there was still a certain chill to the air. The sky was all different colours and Rey decided that she loved it. She proudly held up the basket, a triumphant smile on her face. She took Finn's hand and locked elbows will Poe. "You look really pretty." Poe told her. Rey blushed and made a smile that said 'thank you'. The knee length white dress she was wearing, she had found in the closet. She had a suspicion it was her mothers, but she wasn't sure. She had decided not put her hair up, instead letting it be free. The walk outside of town wasn’t too long, especially not while it was so early and so quiet. There was no one about, and it made it easy for the three of them to walk quickly before the heat of the day kicked in. They walked a little way across a field and up a small grassy knoll, giving Poe and Rey a view of the town to admire. Rey set out the blanket and helped Finn to sit down while Poe started setting out plates for them. Rey sat beside Finn, resting her head on his lap and letting her legs stretch out. She kicked her shoes off, the blades of grass blowing slightly in a warm breeze and tickling the tips of her toes. Finn had one hand in Rey’s hair, his fingers running through it gently, and he let the breeze blow across his face. He’d never grow tired of being able to feel the world around him now he couldn’t see it. Poe smiled at the two lovebirds. They were adorable together. Finn needed to ask her out. Suddenly Rey pointed at the sky frantically. Poe looked up to see an airplane high in the air, leaving a trail behind it. "What's wrong?" Finn asked, he had felt Rey shift and heard her heartbeat go faster. "Just a plane. You ever seen one before?" Poe asked Rey. She shook her head. “You can go all over the world in a plane.” He explained to her. “There’s more to the world than just this town.” Rey blinked, seemingly astonished, and Poe couldn’t help but feel taken aback. How could she have never known that a world existed outside where she lived? He thought it was just innate knowledge, but apparently not. “We’ll have to go somewhere one day, the three of us. We could go to a really hot country, or a really cold one, or one with mountains.” He told her. “Some places even have mountains that explode, they’re pretty cool.” Rey looked a little worried at the prospect of mountains that blew apart, but neither of them seemed phased by it so she relaxed herself. “So, how much of this stuff have you ever eaten before?” Poe asked, peering into the picnic basket. “I’d put money on you never having tried strawberries. Know what they are?” She shook her. Poe pulled out a strawberry and showed it to Rey. "This is a strawberry. It's really sweet. Try it." Rey sat up a little, and Poe held it out to her. She took a bite, and then grabbed it from him and finished it. Even the leaves. Poe smiled and laughed, shaking his head as she picked some of the seeds from between her teeth. “Tell you what, I’ll show you the best way to have them. Your dad’s given you a really good treat.” He smiled, reaching in and pulling out a tub of cream. He gave a moan of satisfaction that sent both Rey and Finn laughing as he took the lid off. Holding one of the strawberries by the stem, he dipped it in and leaned across to Finn. He passed the strawberry to him and gestured to Rey. “Go on, but just eat the red bit.” He prompted her. She took a bit and gave huge sigh of happiness. She fell into Finn's lap. "Thank you." She whispered. Both boys looked at her with a mix of surprise and happiness. “You don’t have to thank us.” Finn said. He exchanged a glance with Poe and, though unspoken, the two knew exactly what they were thinking. She sounds like an angel . “Yeah, I mean your dad put these in here for us. You should thank him.” Poe said. “C’mon, I bet there’s other stuff in here you’ve not tried. There’s loads of fruits, biscuits, sandwiches… Oh I bet you’ll like this one, chocolate. Have you ever had chocolate?” Poe asked. Rey shook her head as Poe snapped the bar in his hand before starting to peel back at the wrapper. He took a block for himself before handing the pack to Rey. “Try some, and have as much as you like. But eating a lot of chocolate might make you feel ill.” She took it, before breaking it in half again, giving some to Finn. He took it as Rey popped her piece into her mouth. Her eyes lit up and she clapped her hands. Her sign of liking it. She sat up to see what else was in the basket, when she pointed at something in the grass. A flower. Rey scrambled to her feet and made her way quickly across to it, lying flat on the ground so her face was only a few centimetres away from the plant. “That’s a flower.” Poe explained. “Have you really never seen a flower before?” He asked, a hint of sadness in his voice. Her excitement soon washed it away though, and she picked it carefully whilst scanning the field to find more. While she ran around picking daisies, Poe and Finn spoke over sandwiches and chocolate. Most of it was about Rey, watching her running around and keeping her safe, as well as talking about what exactly Finn was going to do. He agreed to ask her out at some point, but not just yet. Poe decided that was good enough and finally let the subject go as Rey ran back over with her arms filled with flowers. She gave one to Poe and tucked one behind Finn’s ear with a gentle smile. “Y’know Rey, you can link them all together and make chains of them and wear them on your head, or round your wrist or your neck.” He suggested. Without further instruction, Rey started link them together, even the weeds and grass were braided into it as well. She had every type of flower in the field. Forget-me-nots, forking larkspur, wild bird and many more flowers surrounded her. Her face was pure concentration, sticking her tongue out occasionally as if to help her focus. The first successful chain was placed proudly on Finn’s head, and the second around Poe’s wrist. While she was working, the let Poe and Finn give her more fruits and sweets that she had never heard of, and she loved them all. It was all so new that by the time that all the food was gone she was exhausted, and gave up on her third chain to instead lay back against Finn and yawn softly, despite it only being early in the afternoon. Poe glanced up and looked at the clouds gathering in the sky, pulling a slight face. “Looks like there’s gonna be a thunderstorm later.” He said. “Wouldn’t be surprised in this heat, maybe we should start going home?” Rey stuck out her bottom lip, but didn't protest. They put away the blanket and collected the trash. Rey skipped ahead of them on their way back, collecting more flowers and weeds. The clouds were starting to cover the sun by the time they reached their neighbourhood. Before the three of them went their separate ways, Poe and Rey shared a tight hug and Finn gave him a quick “good luck explaining this to your dad” before he headed back into his own home. As Rey turned to go back inside, Poe stopped her and smiled. “I’ll see you tomorrow, yeah?” He asked. She nodded and smiled before heading back to her own home and starting to sort out the picnic basket as it started to rain. Luke heard her come in, and she smiled and waved when she saw him. She then proudly handed him flowers and weeds (and even some grass). Her smile lit up the room. "Thank you sweetie. Did you have fun?" He asked. She nodded, jumping slightly at a rumble of thunder. She rushed to the back porch, staring out the screen door as the rain picked up a little. Luke followed her, putting a hand on her shoulder and pulling her close. “It’s just a thunderstorm, you’re safe.” He said reassuringly. “How about we put these in a vase and make some dinner. Did you enjoy the treats I stuck in there for you?” He asked, and she nodded. They fell into a routine quickly, preparing some vegetables to cook and Luke looking after her every time the thunder crashed or the lightening flashed. When they finished dinner Rey went up to bed with Luke accompanying her, sitting beside her and holding her until she fell asleep. The storm started to quieten down, but the rain continued to pour. It was a long overdue storm, and Luke let the rain lull him to sleep. He awoke to the sound of thunder, Rey still in his arms, sleeping peacefully. Luke got up, slowly laying Rey onto her bed. She mumbled something but other than that she didn't move. He went back to his room, and checked the clock. 3:39 in the morning. He was about to climb into bed when the phone rang. He picked it up in a haste, hoping the sound of the phone hadn't woken Rey up. The movement of her father leaving, the thunder, and the phone ringing, had all pulled together to wake Rey up (after her childhood, she wasn’t exactly a heavy sleeper) and she began to tiptoe down the stairs. Poking her head around the corner she saw her father staring with his mouth wide open and his eyes in shock. He looked scared, he looked sad. She crouched down silently in the shadows as she listened to the conversation that he was having. “Of course, of course I’ll—You look after yourself Kes, if there’s anything I can do then please—Of course. Does Maz know yet? Oh God, look I’ll be around in the morning to help if you need anything doing. I’ll tell her. I’m so sorry.” He said, his free hand running through his hair. Rey could have sworn her father was crying. As he hung the phone up, she dared to move from her hiding place and move towards him slowly. “Daddy?” She asked, her voice light and quiet as it pierced the silent midnight air. Luke looked to her, crossing the room and pulling her into his arms. “Rey, sweetheart, I’m so sorry.” He said softly. There was no point in putting off telling her, she’d find out soon enough. “It’s Poe…” “Daddy?” She asked again, her voice catching in her throat. “Is… Is he gone?” Notes: We're not sorry. At all. Hope you enjoyed this! And I'd say "it gets better", but we've written almost 2 more chapters and it really doesn't. Chapter 8 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Maz’s voice had never sounded quite so distant to Finn. He had woken up that morning ready to run across the road to find Poe and Rey and plan another day’s adventure but was instead greeted to news that Poe had passed away during the night. A sudden organ failure, nothing anyone could have done. He knew his grandmother was trying to explain this to him, to tell him it wasn’t his fault and everything else he expected to hear, but he had shut down completely. His mind was on one thing and one thing only. Poe . How could he be gone? They were supposed to have months left, this wasn’t fair. How was he meant to survive without him? Without Poe the world felt empty. He may have lost his sight years ago, but Poe helped him to see everything. Poe was Finn’s last connection to the world, the only person he had to describe the colours of a sunset or the way the grass seemed to look like a wave in a breeze. He was the only person that could tell him how beautiful Rey looked as she wore her hair down over her shoulders. What was he meant to do alone? “Finn?” Maz’s voice asked, pulling him from his thoughts. “Sweetheart, is everything alright?” "My best friend is dead. How in God's name am I supposed to be alright?!" He hadn't meant to shout, he just couldn't hold his emotions in. "Sorry, granny. I didn't mean to shout." He mumbled, blinking away tears. "Honey, there's no need to apologize. I would be doing that same damn thing if I was in your position." Finn nodded, giving a sort of mumble of agreement to his grandmother’s statement before he turned away from her and returned back upstairs. He didn’t want to be alone, but without Poe alone seemed like the next best thing. Besides, without Poe telling him what was around him was there really any point to leaving his room. At least he knew his way around his bedroom, he could do that on his own, but navigating the rest of the world without Poe was an impossible task and he didn’t want to try it, not yet. He didn’t have the strength to do anything but mourn the loss of his best friend. So as soon as he had retreated to his bedroom and slammed the door on the rest of the world, he crumbled into bed and started sobbing. He heard birds outside his window, mocking him with how alive they were, and he curled up a little tighter. He couldn’t see the birds. He had no one to tell him what the birds looked like. The darkness that Finn had experienced the past few years had never seemed to be this severe. But now when he opened his eyes all he saw was an abyss of nothingness, an absence left by his best friend that no one could replace. Not yet. # # # "Rey, is there anything else you need?" Luke asked his daughter. She shook her head, wrapped up in a blanket on the couch. After she heard the news, she cried in her father's arms for what seemed like days. Luke sat next to her, still holding her. He had been beyond shocked at the young man's sudden passing. He was even more shocked (if that was possible) when she called him 'daddy'. It broke his heart even more. She hadn’t said a word since then and he was worrying about her. He always did, despite the fact that she had only come into his life a few days ago, but he had 17 years of worrying to do to make up for it. His hand stayed on her cheek after she had stopped crying and all her tears had been wiped away, gently stroking it to offer comfort to her. She looked as pale as a sheet and the way she sat made her look so small. While she had only know Poe for a few days, he understood why she was so devastated. The man had helped her to put her past behind her, and despite their brief time together he had shown her a whole different world, of course her heart would be aching for him. Luke had considered making a phone call to Maz, but he presumed that she was in a similar situation right now. He imagined that Finn would be beyond any heartbreak that Rey could experience, and he made a mental note to offer his help wherever he could for the two of them. Kes hadn’t phoned, so Luke could only assume that the man was being taken care of and that he could focus on looking after Rey. “You’ve not had anything to eat yet today, are you sure I can’t get you something? Even a drink, you’ve been crying a lot I’m sure you could do with one.” He told her. She shook her head again. Luke kept in a sigh that tried to escape, but he simply kept her tightly in his embrace. It would take a long time for her to want to leave his arms, he knew that. Losing a friend, especially one of the first you ever made, wasn’t exactly something you recovered from overnight. She looked up at him and mouthed 'Is this what it felt like losing mom?' She asked. Luke let out a sigh. He still remembered when he got that phone call that his wife and child had died. He had cried for days after that. Hell, he still cried. He wasn't there when she died. He was so mad at himself. But he didn't have time to worry about his own problems. "Yes. It felt kinda like this." He responded. Rey nodded, seemingly satisfied by his response, and she curled back in on him. She burrowed her head deeper into his chest and let her father’s heartbeat give her a sense of security. He was alive. She tried to focus on that. Despite losing Poe, she still had other people and more importantly, she was out of that hell hole. If she had never gotten out, she’d never have met him. And he’d want her to think of it like that, she was sure of it. A few more hours passed and Rey wanted Finn. She wanted to see him. She wanted him to hold her and she wanted to hold him and she wanted them to cry and mourn their friend together. The man that had shown her what chocolate was, who had taught her how to make daisy chains and shown her what was out there in the world. And she wanted to be with Finn because he was Finn. Because he made her feel better all the time. And because she needed to know he was safe too. It was an irrational fear, but she had never been in a situation where someone she loved had died, and she needed to know that she still had Finn. “Daddy?” She asked aloud, her voice hoarse from crying. ‘I want Finn.’ She mouthed softly, whispers almost falling from her lips. Luke sighed. "I know you do baby. I think he's mourning by himself. Sometimes people just want to be alone in these types of situations. I'll call Maz and see if you can come over." He slowly got up, Rey burying herself further into the blankets. He dialled the number. It rang a few times before he got an answer. Luke recognised Maz’s voice, but it sounded empty and tired. He could tell by the way she had answered how hard the boy was taking it, and how hard his grandmother was trying to look after him. “Rey wants Finn.” Luke explained dryly. “I know that he’s going to be heartbroken, but I think it would help the two of them… I understand. Of course, pass on my best Maz. If either of you need anything…” He trailed off, the older woman continuing to talk. “Of course. I’ll talk to you later. Take care of yourself.” The phone was hung up at the other end and Luke sighed before turning back to his daughter. “Finn doesn’t want to see anyone.” He explained. “He hasn’t said a word to his grandmother since she told him. As soon as he feels ready to speak I’m sure he’ll be happy to see you.” Rey let out a sob. She hadn't meant to. It just came out. Luke resumed he seat on the couch, Rey burying her face into her father's chest. She let his heartbeat lull her to sleep. After he was sure she was asleep, he carried her up to bed, surprised by how little she weighed. He tucked her in and sat on the edge of her bed. "I'm sorry baby." He whispered. "You escape one hell and then get thrown head first into another." As she slept Luke let himself take in the moment. He hadn’t seen her like this yet. He had seen her afraid, he had seen her hurt, he had seen her laughing and smiling and crying and breaking on him, but seeing her so peaceful was something that his heart yearned for. Her feature’s relaxed and it allowed him to take in just how beautiful his daughter was. She reminded him of Mara. Luke leaned in for a moment, pressing a gentle kiss to her forehead and giving a weak smile. “I’m sorry Rey.” He said again, feeling tears begin to fall down his own face. “You didn’t deserve anything you went through, and I wish I had been there. I wish I could have been a father from the start.” There’d never been enough times to make up for what he had missed. He wanted this one moment to last forever. He brought his hand to her face and brushed her hair aside, her skin softer than he had observed before. She was his daughter and he was lucky to have her, despite the situations that had arisen. “I hope you can sleep tonight, I love you.” With those final words Luke stood up, confident enough to leave her to sleep. He closed the door to her room gently and found his own tears falling faster and more freely. He found himself mourning more than he could ever have dreamed of. The loss of his wife, the loss of Poe Dameron, and the fact that he could never give his daughter the childhood he dreamed for her to have. He could never take those memories away from her. Rey awoke late in the afternoon. She hadn't been awaken by nightmares. That was a first. She climbed out of bed and went to the window. She pressed her face against the cold glass, staring at the house across from hers. Finn's. She longed to have him hold her. It was an odd feeling, one she had never really experienced before. Touches had never been something she had wanted, and she had cuts and bruises to prove why she never wanted to be touched, but Finn was entirely different. His hands were loving and caring and gentle, and his skin was so soft. When he touched her she felt safe. His arms were warm and everything seemed to fade away for a second when he held her. Rey closed her eyes and imagined his face, before deciding what it was she planned to do. She made sure she was absolutely silent as she moved down the stairs, ensuring the door was opened and closed behind her without her father noticing. Once she was outside she ran. She ran to Finn’s house and around the back, grateful for his open window and beyond pleased that his room was on the ground floor. She looked inside and he was fast asleep so she did the only logical thing that she could think of doing. She pulled herself into his room and looked at him. He had been crying, the tears still wet on his cheeks and his pillow. So Rey took it upon herself to dry his eyes, before she lay herself down on his floor and closed her eyes again. If she was asked, she wouldn’t be able to explain how she had moved from the floor to Finn’s bed, or how she had been wrapped in his arms. Finn didn’t know either, and Maz certainly claimed to have nothing to do with it. When Finn woke up, we felt the presence of another. Rey. How she had gotten into her room baffled him, until he realized that his window must have been open. She was curled up into his chest. She must have sensed he was awake, because her eyes opened and she placed a hand on his cheek. Finn didn’t hesitate for a moment as he wrapped his arms around her around, pulling her closer to him and shutting his eyes tightly once more. He felt fresh tears prickling behind his eye lids and sniffled. Rey was the same, he could tell, he could feel the way her whole body shook with quiet sobs she was trying to keep hidden from him and he could hear the occasional whimper emerging from her lips. All he knew to do was to keep her in his arms and hold her close. If not for comfort, then to hold his promise to Poe. Look after Rey. He could do that for his best friend. So he settled down, letting her stay where she was. He knew that she had been treated badly, but holding her like this was the first time he had truly been able to feel how small and cold she was. She felt so fragile in his arms that he took great care not to break her. After a short while, he felt himself falling back to sleep. Though this time, he had to admit, he was vastly more comfortable. # # # “And you’re sure that’s her?” A voice came from the bushes. Female, commanding. A different voice replied. It sounded more masculine, someone fighting for a power that they didn’t have. “Absolutely. She’s gotten more confident.” “Why should we care?” The woman’s voice asked again. “We’ll soon fix that.” "How sweet, she's made a friend, got a father, and probably feels at home." Another voice, the one fighting for power said. "Can't wait to smother it into the ground." "You don't get first go at her. Our customers do. And I just got a new pair of brass knuckles I'd love to try out." The woman said, with a sickening smile. “Oh, come on, don’t you want to take the toy for a little test run?” One man asked. “We’ve got to make sure she still works alright. She might need to be taught a lesson for running away.” He said, smirking across to the woman beside him. There was a kind of mutual agreement between the three of them, sitting back in silence and lying in wait. She’d come back soon, whether she liked it or not. Notes: Can we class this as a cute chapter? I mean it all goes downhill next week, so I think this is cute. Chapter 9 Notes: This chapter does get a little (a lot) darker, so check the tags if you're unsure about reading on. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Somehow Maz and Luke weren’t surprised at how things had gone. They knew that Finn and Rey were friends, and the death of Poe had only brought them closer. More often than not Rey would sneak around to spend time with Finn (although both Maz and Luke were aware of it, so it wasn’t really sneaking anymore). On occasion, Finn would come to see Rey. The two of them worked through their grief together and most of their time was spent holding each other silently. They mostly saw each other at night, needing just that little bit of extra comfort to be able to fall asleep. Having another heartbeat gave them a life to hold onto, something to return to when the morning came. In other words, having each other kept them going. It would have been a little under a week later when things began to change. Rey went over a little later that night. She had stopped running, no longer needing to get there without being spotted. Her father knew she was going and didn’t expect to see her again until the morning, so she took her time. The stars were out, and Rey had discovered that she loved stars. The night sky was so beautiful. Maybe one night Rey would take Finn out and tell him what they were all like, but she wanted to learn more about them first. As she stood still and admired the moon, silent and organised chaos took place around her. Two figures ran at her from behind, grabbing her arms and covering her mouth. Rey didn’t even have time to breathe in, let alone scream for help. The skin against hers was rough and coarse, and she could smell alcohol again. Immediately she was afraid, the last time she had been in a situation like this, her father had come to rescue her. But Luke wasn’t expecting her home. "Hey sweetheart, we missed you so much. I can see you missed us too." One of her kidnappers told her. She bit down on the hand covering her mouth, causing the man to let out a yelp of pain. Before she could scream, an object hit her in the side of the head. She fell to the ground, clutching her head in pain. "Trying to call for help? Oh sweetie, you can't be helped. Why don't we leave them a present?" The woman told her, as the men pulled her closer to the car. "Hold her down." She commanded. They held Rey down, tying a cloth around her mouth. She then pulled out a knife, a wicked smile on her face. "This might hurt love." Rey’s eyes were wide, flitting between the three people surrounding her for some kind of hint of what was about to happen. On her right side her hand and her upper arm were held firmly to the ground, and on her left her forearm was grabbed tightly with the man’s other hand restraining her head as much as he could. The moments that followed lasted longer than the 17 years Rey had spent with these people. The world seemed to stop as the knife came down on her wrist and, despite the cloth, she let out a scream. It was quiet, muffled, but the noise was definitely coming out. No one else could hear it but the four of them. Rey kicked her legs, trying to wriggle out of their grasp and run while the woman went to take another swing. In total, it took 6 attempts to slice right the way through her arm. By the end of the ordeal Rey was much quieter. Her head was light and everything was growing dark in her eyesight. The fear and pain she had experienced from before had died down, and was now replaced with emptiness that left her feeling so numb she barely realised that she existed. “Hello.” The woman said sadistically, lifting up Rey’s hand and using it to wave at her. “We’ve got some lost time to make up for, and some very unhappy clients.” She explained quietly. “And you’re going to pay for that.” The woman nodded to the other men who let go of Rey, aware that she was far too weak to escape at this point. She saw her hand being thrown across into the middle of a puddle of blood, and more blood (fake, Rey hoped) was added. It looked awful, it looked like someone had been killed. She imagined that was what they were going for. If they thought she was dead, no one would come looking for her. As the scene was painted to look like a murder rather than a kidnapping Rey fell unconscious. It was a brief relief from the pain she had been in, and that too was soon ‘rectified’. With an ear shattering crunch, Rey felt a collision with her chest and her eyes shot open as pain sparked all along her body. The woman had a crowbar, and her chest felt as if it had been broken into little pieces. She put two and two together quite simply. The woman had hit her with the crowbar. "I love this thing so much. And I love that sound. Don't you boys?" The other two nodded. She hit her 3 more times with it, the other two pulled her into the van. "Wrap up her wrist, or at least what's left of it. We wouldn’t want her to bleed out." Rey sobbed with the little amount of energy she had left. She was going to die. And if she wasn’t, she wanted to. No one knew to look for her. It wouldn’t be until the morning that someone would notice that she was gone. Silent tears rolled down her cheeks as she remembered what had happened last time. She pretended it happened again. She pretended her father was there to scoop her up into his arms and hold her close, to protect her from being hurt again. She felt a bandage being tied onto the stump of her arm and through exhaustion and blood loss, Rey let herself fall unconscious once more. # # # Maz had been the one to find it. She had always been an early riser. Going outside to water her plants she caught sight of something wet and red and immediately crossed to it. Her heart filled with panic as she saw the hand amidst the liquid. Maz fought against the bile rising in her throat to run down the driveway to Luke’s house, knocking rapidly against the door. Rey hadn’t spent the night, and that in itself was unusual these days. All she needed was for Luke to say that Rey was sleeping peacefully in her room for her to put at least some part of her mind to rest. But things were never that nice. Before she knew what was happening police had the street cornered off, she was being questioned, and Luke and Finn were sat together in silence in the garden. Finn had never been more thankful that he couldn’t see when he heard a mention of a hand. # # # “Wake up sweet.” A voice said, a voice that had grown impatient and had clearly been trying to wake her up for a long time. Sweet didn’t sound sweet at all. It sounded bitter and filled with disgust. When the man who the voice belonged to noticed her heavy eyes opening his arm was brought back and a heavy backhanded swing was aimed at her face. The crack against her skin was enough to bring her back to a state of awareness in which she could recognise the man in front of her. She’d never forget his face. “Took long enough.” He grumbled. “Now sweet, I know what I’ve been told, and what I’ve been told is that I need to prepare you for our clients. But I want to take you for a test run first.” He smirked, breath hot and heavy against her face. Rey quickly took in her surroundings. It looked to be an old abandoned building. It must be outside the town since she couldn't hear any noises. It definitely wasn't the place she had been held up all those years. "Did you hear me?!" He yelled snapping her out of her thoughts. He slapped her across the face again. She let out a squeak of pain, a squeak that was quickly silence by a hand grabbing her jaw painfully and holding it tightly. “I think you’ve forgotten where you are.” He said, hissing between his teeth. “You have not won your freedom, remember what you are. You are ours, and you do what we tell you.” Rey saw the anger behind his eyes and as she took in a deep breath she felt the hand grip her even tighter. “You are a pathetic little whore, and that is all you will ever be. Do not forget that, or there will be a punishment you can never forget.” “-Kylo!” Came a yell from outside the room. Rey heard commanding steps walking in and within a few moments she was eye to eye with the woman that had removed her hand. She tried to look fierce and brave and strong, but the woman only laughed. “You have no idea what sort of trouble you’ve gotten yourself into. This little escapist act you’ve pulled. We have you back now, pet. You’ll resume duties tonight. We already have clients ready for you. I’d advise you stop sniffling. But I will show a little pity, I understand you’ve never had to get ready with only one hand. Allow me to help.” She said, gesturing to the man – to Kylo – to leave the room. He promptly did and Rey felt hands stripping away her clothing. Her breathing sped up in fear at the woman quickly shed anything she was wearing. The clothes that had been so lovingly bought for her by her father. God, her father, what must he be thinking? She watched the woman throw them across the floor, covered in blood and torn. How would she apologise for this? She felt the woman’s hands moving across her waist as she was redressed in her old attire and she hated it. It reeked of shame. “You’ve put on weight.” The woman said, frowning and shaking her head. “We’ll soon fix that. Now, pout darling. Remember this colour? All the boy’s favourite.” She smirked. "Hm, what eyeshadow should we use?" The woman applied the rest of her make up. "You look like such a slut. That's a good thing sweetheart. Now smile. You have such a beautiful smile." The woman stood up and yelled, "She's all yours!" She went to the corner of the room, like usual, to make sure they didn't do anything they didn't pay for. "You've got 11 minutes. Try not to touch her right arm too much; for obvious reasons." Rey considered, for a moment, running away. But for several reasons she couldn’t. First of all, the woman was sat in the corner of the room. There would be no way of getting past her. Secondly, she could barely feel her legs. She wasn’t sure if she’d be able to stand up even if she was allowed. And thirdly, there was a chain around her leg keeping her where she was. So instead, Rey stood as bravely as she could. She tried to forget how much her life had changed, hoping that it would make it easier on her. She tried to forget about her father, about Poe, Finn, everyone. But by actively trying to forget them all she could see was them. She felt hands roaming over her body – the body that was already more exposed than she wanted it to be. Fingers found their way over every curve she had, rubbing against scars and cuts and bruises. She felt tears leaking from her eyes, ruining her mascara (not that she cared). Her hair was messed up, her lip stick was smudged against the lips of countless men and women, and she felt dirty. She could only imagine how her father would look at her if he could see her now. Disgust, shame, he wouldn’t want her back. No one would. It continued this way for the rest of the evening. Rey was left exhausted. Part of her hated how normal this felt. She knew now that this wasn’t how people were meant to be treated, but somehow she still treated it as something she deserved. She was left alone, her stomach growling for the first time since she had been rescued. “Daddy…” She whispered softly, letting her eyes fall shut. “Please come get me…” # # # “She’s out there, right?” Finn asked Luke. The two of them had been sat in silence for hours. Maz had been doing her best to keep things together (she was incredibly good at holding herself together). She had brought them drinks and tried to get them to eat. Now she was sitting inside, alone, taking things in for herself. “I mean, if… If she was…” Finn couldn’t bring himself to say the word, so instead he took a deep breath and continued talking. “ Gone , then why would they have left a hand? They have to be looking, right?” "The police looked in their old location. They couldn't find anything. They must have moved." Luke said gravely. Who knows where they took her? He had his phone on, checking every minute to see if the police had called. They didn't. Of course they didn't. "This is all my fault." Finn said, slamming his hand on the ground in anger. Luke turned to the boy, sighing softly and shaking his head. “No, Finn, you’ve done nothing wrong.” He said. “It’s no one’s fault. No one saw it happening. I thought after last time they’d learnt to stay away. We thought she was safe, I thought she was going to stay with you but you didn’t know that. I had no reason to suspect that she was in danger and neither did you. It’s just unfortunate.” He said, his voice bitter. If he had someone to blame he would sleep a lot better than night, but instead it was just the knowledge that no one could have stopped, no one could have helped her. Finn let his head fall and he brought his arms around himself. He didn’t understand how everything could go so wrong. Poe had died, Rey had been captured by the people who had abused her before, and he had lost his two best friends within days of each other. Turning to where Luke was sat, Finn began to cry. He leaned into the older man, letting it all out. His anger and sadness and fear and loneliness all pouring out at once. Maz watched the two of them from afar, sitting at her dining room table to make sure they were okay. While neither Rey or Poe were her grandchildren, they had been such important people to Finn that she loved them just as much as he did. Her heart broke for the loss of them, and for the pain that Finn was going through. She couldn’t console him, she could only remain strong and pray for Rey to be found and brought back. Rey had to come back safely. She’d lost too much already, she couldn’t lose her grandson as well. Notes: See what we mean! Darker! We're evil people to poor Rey. She could really do with a hand. Get it? A hand? Oh my humor is wasted... Anyway really sorry there wasn't a chapter last week, my laptop wasn't working so we didn't have a copy to upload. Hope this makes up for it! Chapter 10 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey wasn’t sure how long she’d been there; her memories were a faded mess of pain and embarrassment. When she wasn’t unconscious she remembered being used by strangers and being knocked around until she was unconscious. On a rare occasion Rey was offered some relief – a drink of water or a mouthful of bread – but they never allowed her to cling on to hope that it would end for more than a few moments. It was always taken from her cruelly and she was sent back in to the hell she thought she’d escaped from. “Good morning, Pet.” Rey heard the voice, far too soft for the person it belonged to, and her eyes slowly flickered open. She recognised the black hair, the scar down the man’s face (one of her proudest achievements before she had found her father, before she had been rescued). “I know we’ve had our differences, but I’m glad you’ve come to an understanding of your fate. You’re much nicer when you’re so submissive.” Kylo said, leaning in to almost purr into her ear. Rey gritted her teeth together, letting out a breath with a slight hiss of her tongue. “Feisty today? You know what happens if you don’t watch your tongue.” He laughed. She jerked her head away, only for Kylo to grab her by the neck and slam her into the wall. "You're garbage and you're unpure - you're mine. Understand?" Kylo let go of her neck and Rey gasped for air. His hands leaving marks that would soon become bruises. "I said," he slapped her across the face, "understand?" Rey in turn spit in his face. "You little bitch, you're going to regret that-" "Kylo! Hux needs you out back." Phasma stood in the broken doorway, and Kylo murmured curses under his breath. “Remember what you’re here for.” She instructed as he made his way out of the room. “You’re not here to lay claim to her – she’s an asset, nothing more.” He made his way through the house, disgruntled as he went, to find Hux speaking to a man in hushed tones, before receiving a nod. “He’s here to speak to Phasma.” Hux told him. “Says it’s business, that we’re not to know. Think we should let him in?” Kylo gave a shrug, throwing a thumb over his shoulder to gesture to the man to go inside as he walked to stand beside Hux, leaning against a creaking old wall and sighing. “Look,” Hux began, waiting for the man to disappear inside before he continued speaking. Still, he spoke only in a low, hushed tone. “If you’re that desperate to have Rey all for yourself, I have a plan.” # # # “Phasma,” The man said, a coy smile playing on his lips. “It’s been a while.” “You’re meant to be in prison.” “You know I could never resist you.” “Oh please , I thought you put an end to all this years ago after that bastard child-“ “Don’t.” He said, his voice turning cold and harsh. “Let’s stick to business shall we.” Rey watched the exchange between the two. The man she was talking to, Matthew, seemed oddly familiar, but she couldn't put her finger on it. "Oh come on Matt, just one more time. It'll be fun." "Phasma, for the last time, no. Last time we had Finn, and you were the one that took him away from me!" "Me?! I did nothing! I didn't want that bastard! You can keep him." Before Matt could fire back at the blonde, he heard a whisper from behind. "F-F-Finn." It was quiet and soft. Filled with pain, regret, and love. His head jerked up and he looked across the room. Before him he saw a girl, wearing almost nothing, covered in cuts and bruises and tied in what seemed like a painful position. Her waist was small, far too small, and her bones were protruding a little bit too much. The girl looked like she had one foot in the grave, though that might explain where her right hand had gone. “You’ve changed.” He said. “This is a whole new business Phasma.” Matthew was a criminal, through and through. He knew that and he accepted that he wasn’t a good person, but even he seemed to have limits. He didn’t know what it was, but perhaps hearing his own son’s name leave the girl’s lips left him rather touched. Of course, his son wasn’t the only Finn in the world, but there was something about the name that rendered him helpless. “Why is she here? What has she done?” Phasma rolled her eyes. "I've been fostering her for 17 years. Until somehow the cops found us. Luckily the boys and I escaped, but the police took her to her 'real' father. She escaped us, so we brought her back home. She's much happier here, aren't you sweetie?" Phasma walked over and cooed at Rey. Matthew stared at her with disgust. "You're killing her. Why are you doing this?" "To pay for your fucking bail, Matthew! I did it for you! And you clearly don't give a shit!" Phasma screamed at him. "Christ Phasma, you've been selling her body to pay for my bail? Well, I'm out now, so let her go." "Finn." Rey whispered again, slightly louder. “Be quiet.” Phasma snapped, moving her hand to hold her lips together as tightly as she could. Rey’s eyes stung with unshed tears but her instincts had kicked back in – crying was a waste of water she didn’t have to waste. “Phasma this was never part of the plan, never what we agreed to-“ “We never agreed for you being jailed, be thankful I did this for you. Now she’s just a nice little side business. You don’t have to think about her, just do your own thing.” She said, a sickly sweet smile on her face. “And if you don’t like it, no one is making you stay.” Matthew hesitated a moment, his eyes flitting from Phasma to the girl. She was ill, she was dying . He was a criminal, but accessory to murder was beyond what he could sleep with. In one swift move he turned away from Phasma and left the building, a quiet rage boiling as he walked past Hux and Kylo – deep in discussion. The two silenced for a moment as he walked away, before continuing. “You think it could work?” Kylo asked, something that Hux may well have mistaken for hope in his voice. “I’m positive.” Kylo nodded. His face somehow remained neutral, but there was a spark in his eyes that Hux couldn’t miss. It was at that moment that Phasma stormed out, her fists clenched in tight balls as she faced the two thugs. “You are quite possibly the most useless pair of idiots I could have hired.” She said, exasperated. “Start packing up, we’re leaving. Don’t bother taking the girl. Kylo, find a way to keep her quiet. We leave in an hour.” "Yes Phasma." Kylo said, grabbing something from the back of the truck before heading inside. He reached Rey, who was curled up against the wall. "Hello there, my pet. I've got some news for you. First," he pulled something from behind his back - a muzzle. "We’re leaving, but sadly you're staying here. Try not to cry love, you can rot here with the rest of the house." He put the muzzle on her, Rey barely fighting back. "But I can't leave without a good bye kiss, can I? And maybe something else before I go." He pulled what little clothes were left on her off, a glisten in his eyes that left Rey paralysed with fear. She shut her eyes tightly, took in as deep of a breath as she could, and tried to imagine being home. Everything would be okay if she could just find her way home. Kylo didn’t waste time, he did what he wanted with her as quickly as he could (after all, he wasn’t trying to make this a nice experience for her). When he finished he made sure not to redress her, there was no point in giving her any dignity if she was found. He pulled the muzzle on tighter and watched her squirm a little in discomfort, before he turned away from her and returned to Hux and Phasma. “Should we torch the place?” Hux asked. “That man didn’t look best pleased when he left, if he’s angry he could have gone t-“ “He won’t have gone anywhere.” Phasma said. “And they’d hardly listen to him. Besides, if anyone does find her there’s nothing more fun than a wild goose chase. So much better than burning her alive don’t you think? The suffering she endures living out her final few days here will be much more rewarding for us all.” “And I’ve made sure that she won’t forget this any time soon. We can always come back for her.” Kylo said, joining the conversation. “She won’t be making any noise any time soon. Let’s go.” # # # Rey often lost track of time, but never like this. Usually there was something to focus on, something for her to latch on to, memories to at least document a timeline of what had happened. Now there was nothing. No beatings, no abuse, no feedings, just the silence of the world around her. Occasionally the house would creak with a strong wind, or her stomach would growl and the noise would echo in the room around her. She was going to die here, that much she knew. She was going to die and she was going to leave Finn all alone. Oh God , Finn. He didn’t have Poe and now she was going to die as well. He’d find someone to help him, someone stronger than her. Kylo had been right – she wasn’t pure, she was garbage – Finn could find someone much better. With the acceptance of her fate Rey allowed silent tears to run down her cheeks. If she was going to die there was no point in trying to survive anymore. # # # Matthew paced around across the alley. That girl was dying. She needed help. Help he needed to get her. But at what cost? He didn't want to go back to jail, but this girl, it seemed like she knew his baby boy. He made up his mind and pulled out the phone. "Hello police? I think I know where that missing girl is." # # # “Rey? Rey, can you hear us?” Rey heard a faint, distant voice. It broke the silence that had been driving her mad and forced her to pry open her eyes. The world around her was brighter than she remembered and she could have sworn she had felt a soft touch to her cheek. She shivered, her mouth dry and her eyes sore. Her breathing felt laboured and painful. “Hi there, are you with us Rey? That’s it, good girl, you’re doing just fine.” The voice was a whisper, the way everything was said sounded like an angel was talking to her. This must be it, she must be dying. Suddenly, her arms felt incredibly light. They fell to her side, limp and useless, and something was carefully removed from her face, releasing her jaw and letting it relax. She felt something that had been roughly burning away at her feet being removed, and she felt a soft, warm blanket being placed around her. She felt tiny inside it, and whoever was moving her around clearly felt the same way. Her body was so fragile that any movement too extreme could hurt her even more, but at this point she wasn’t entirely sure she’d even notice. “We don’t want to alarm you Rey, okay? There’s an ambulance outside and they’re setting up a stretcher, they’ll carry you out and you’ll be taken to the hospital. No one is going to be hurting you now, okay?” It was a woman’s voice, Rey could tell that. But she didn’t sound like Phasma. She sounded so much nicer. “We just need you to stay conscious long enough to get to the ambulance. Your father’s being phoned now, he’ll meet you there. You’re safe now.” She said, repeating the phrase over and over as she was carefully lifted by the paramedics and taken to the ambulance, but all she cared about was seeing her father. Her dad. Someone had rescued her. # # # Luke didn’t know when he’d last slept. This never used to happen. Sure, he had the occasional nightmare from when he had been in the war but this was entirely different. His stomach churned, his heart ached, his mind raced – his daughter was in trouble and he could do nothing to help her. The girl he’d known only a few short weeks had already stolen his heart and he needed her back in his arms. He needed to know that she was okay. Every time the phone rang Luke’s heart leapt from his chest and he would race to it, bringing it up to his ear in the hope that it was news about Rey. It never was, and he was always left sourly disappointed. This time, however, things were different. “Mr. Skywalker?” The voice on the other end of the phone asked. “Mr. Skywalker, if you could come down to the city hospital immediately, you can see your daughter. Please be aware she’s in an incredibly fragile state. It’s not exactly easy to say over the phone, we’d feel much better talking to you in person. She’ll be unconscious for a long while, so we have plenty of time to fill you in. It would be best for you to come alone, for now. Perhaps in a few days she can have some other visitors, but for now I think this is the best way to go about things. Is that okay? We can send a car to come and get you if you need.” “Yes, t-that would be nice.” He said, his mind now on two separate thoughts. On the one hand, Rey was safe again. On the other, he was going to have to see her fresh from the hell she had been put through. He was terrified to see what those monsters had done to his daughter, but he just needed her back. So he sat and waited for the police car to arrive and take him to her, his fingers crossed as he prayed for the best. Notes: Look it's April Fools day! And here's a good fool. Y'know last week when we said that was the saddest it got. Well we've been discussing since then and we lied. We have worse stuff planned. We're gonna rip your hearts out whole... Chapter 11 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Maz knocked gently on the door to Finn’s room, looking at her grandson with sad eyes. She had known this day would come, everyone had, for a long time – but everyone had hoped that it wouldn’t. Everyone had prayed for a miracle, for some wonderful recovery, but nothing ever came of it. It had been the opposite. His death had been expected, but still a shock. It was too soon, and not just in the way that he was too young, but in the way that he was meant to still have months to live. She watched Finn’s movements carefully. He was sad, of course he was, but he was angry too. He was angry at the world for taking Poe from him, and for giving him Rey then taking her away again. He was angry that Rey wasn’t there to mourn their friend; that he had to be alone. Of course, he wasn’t alone, but Maz knew that she wasn’t the same as Rey. She never would be, she didn’t want to be. “Finn?” She asked softly. “Let me help you with your tie.” Maz crossed the room, resting a hand on her shoulder and guiding her son to sit on his bed as she sat beside him. “Any news about Rey?” He asked quietly. Maz bit her lip gently – grateful that he couldn’t see it. He could tell him. Not much went on without Maz finding out about it. She had seen the police car the previous night, and she had spoken to Luke since. She knew exactly what had happened to Rey, the state she’d been found in, and the state she was in at hospital. But she knew that if she told Finn he would focus on her all day. He would be worried. And despite wanting to tell him, she knew he needed to focus on Poe. Not because it felt selfish to think about Rey on a day such as this, but because Finn needed to mourn the loss of his friend properly. She could tell him tomorrow – one more day wouldn’t hurt. The doctors were certain she was stable, one day wouldn’t change that. “No news yet.” She told him. She hated lying. The words felt sour on her tongue and she physically recoiled saying them. “Did you make up your mind about making a speech? Kes says you don’t have to, he knows how much Poe meant to you and how difficult all this is.” "Yeah. I-I," he cleared his throat. "I want to." Maz finished his tie, a sad smile on her face. "If that's what you want. Now come on," she took her grandson's arm. "Let's go say goodbye." Finn nodded as she opened up the front door. He tapped his walking stick back and forth, he was going to an unfamiliar place – he would need it. Kes was already waiting for them by the car, he helped Finn in first, then Maz. The ride to the funeral was silent, a terrible, depressing silence. But what else was it expected to be? The car contained the father of the deceased, his best friend, and his best friend’s grandmother. Between the three of them there were so many unshed tears being held back forcefully. Finn’s eyes were already beginning to sting, and a sniffle broke the silence. Maz and Kes looked over to him for a moment, before looking away. Despite him being unable to see them staring at him, they felt as though they would be disturbing his privacy by watching him mourn. It was brutally obvious to Maz that Kes had already cried once that morning – at least – his bloodshot eyes and his tear stained cheeks not telling any lies. She reached over and took his hand, squeezing it tightly. The man had lost far too much – his son, his wife – and the only person that knew what that felt like was in hospital, sat beside his daughter who had been brutally hurt. From what Maz had heard, the torture that Rey had endured was appalling. The thought of anyone being treated in such a way broke her heart. When Finn found out (and she knew he would – every little detail of what happened) he would be just as distraught as he was now. She pitied her grandson. Yes, Poe and Rey had suffered – and were suffering – to a greater degree, but he had to sit by and let it happen, helpless to either of their situations. “Finn?” Maz eventually said as the car pulled to a halt outside the church. “We’re here. Are you sure you feel strong enough to go through with this.” “It’s what Poe would want, right?” He asked, his voice already straining. “And Rey. She’s not here, so she can’t do anything. She doesn’t even know today’s his funeral. We both owe so much to him… I-I have to do this.” He told her. Unbeknownst to him, Kes had begun to cry again. Finn had, over the years, become a sort of second son – the two boys had been inseparable – and to hear him talking like this broke his heart even further (he didn’t believe that were possible). “Come on then.” She whispered gently. Not many people were there, since both Kes and Shara hadn't had any siblings. Only a few people – possibly a grandmother or a family friend were there. His walking stick echoed in the small church, he hated it. This was the second time he had been here, the first for Poe's mother. He remembered Poe sobbing into his arms, and him running up to his mother's coffin, screaming, begging , that she was still alive. Kes had to pry his son off his wife's coffin. That had been a horrible experience, one he wished to never experience again. But alas, here he was. Maz helped him find a seat, before he turned to his granny and asked, "Where's Luke? He said he was coming." Finn figured the older man would have come to sit next to them if he was here. Maz hesitated. She could tell him (and her conscience told her it was the right thing to do), but she couldn’t force the words to roll off her tongue. Besides, Luke needed time as well. Finn had to mourn Poe, but Luke had to accept what had happened to his daughter. He had to understand it and he had to learn to live with it. He was going to be hurting just as much as the rest of them, if not more. He needed his own privacy. Besides, while they were unable to visit there would be no point in telling Finn. “Perhaps the police needed to speak to him.” She said. “They might have needed more of his help with finding Rey. Believe me, there’s very little that he would have missed this for. He misses Poe so dearly, don’t think he doesn’t. But his daughter is missing, if there’s anything he can do to help find her he has to put that first. Don’t be upset with him for not being here, it might be the key to bringing Rey back to us.” She told him, trying to sound optimistic. Finn would know what had happened to Rey before the day was out – she wouldn’t be able to keep it from him after the ceremony. Her excuses were the only thing allowing her to keep it hidden. “Wherever he is, he’s just as heartbroken at the loss of Poe as the rest of us.” She reassured him, placing her hand on top of his to give him any strength he needed. His mind was set on making a speech about Poe, he needed all the strength he could get. The preacher made a big speech about Poe. Finn recognized the voice, it was the same one as the one at Shara's. Finn couldn't concentrate on the eulogy, his mind was still trying to figure out what to say. What do you say about your dead best friend? Nothing sounded right in his head, he felt fake, unlike himself. He couldn't have cue cards for obvious reasons. He felt sick to his stomach as Kes stood up to say some words about his son. “We’re all here because we loved Poe.” Kes began, his voice already breaking. His hands shook slightly, and tears had been falling down his face for several long minutes now. “Sorry… Because we love him. Poe passing away doesn’t stop us loving him. And I stand here now with the heaviest burden any man can carry. No one should ever outlive their child.” He said, taking a deep breath and breathing out. His breathing was ragged, close to sobs, but he still continued. “He was so brave, and so kind. I’m not just saying that because I’m his father, but because he was. Poe went out of his way to make people’s lives better until the day he died. Including the day he died. And I know that some of those people that he helped aren’t here today, that they are suffering in such a different way. If Poe were still here, he’d have made sure all of this was put on hold to make sure his friends were okay. I implore you, all of you, to make my son proud. If he’s looking down on us, make sure he sees us do that today. When you leave here, help someone – anyone – and I know that Poe’s short time with us will have truly meant something.” He finished, his voice now no more than a whisper. The pain resonated through the church, echoing and bouncing across the room as he made his way back to his seat and cried there in silence. Finn bit his lip, trying to keep it together. It was his turn to speak, he needed to be strong. For Poe. For Rey. He took a deep breath and carefully made his way up to the podium. He cleared his throat, before finally speaking. "Poe was like a brother to me. We've known each as long as I can remember. We were always there for each other. I was there for him when his mom passed, and he was there for me when I lost my sight. And I was there when he was diagnosed, all those years ago." His voice cracked, and he took a deep breath and continued. "Poe was the most charming, kindest, most amazing person you could ever meet. He was always smiling, I could sense it even when my sight was gone. He was always positive, and always put others before himself." He took another breath as he felt tears trickling down his cheeks. “And I can’t just speak for myself. My friend… Our friend… Rey, she’s gone missing and she can’t be here today, but Rey loved Poe just as much as I did. As I do . She may not have known him for so long but in her life she has suffered so much more already than most of us ever will, and Poe made every day she was here special for her. He did everything he could to show her that the world wasn’t a cruel place, that there was beauty. He was so strong, right until the end. I know if Rey were here, she’d want me to say just that for her. Nothing will be the same without Poe. But he’s not gone, not for me or for Rey, or for anyone else here or not. Poe has proven time and time again that even after we think he’s gone he’s still gonna be there for us… I know this is different, that it’s not a doctor saying he’ll live longer but… I know that Poe will live on.” He said, coming to a close. He could feel everyone’s eyes on him, and he could do nothing but stand there bravely. He held back his sobs as Maz came to his side and brought him back, a hand on his shoulder, whispering praise into his ear. When he sat down, he broke, turning and crying into his grandmother’s arms. # # # The room was white. It was horribly, painfully , white. There were some sunflowers on a window sill – they stuck out like a sore thumb rather than bringing life to the room. The chair Luke sat on creaked just a little too much for his liking, but not enough for the silence to be completely forgotten. His back ached, his head was heavy, and his eyes were sore and dry. Rey was tucked up in the hospital bed and she looked as though she were sleeping. A medically induced coma, he’d been told. She’d lost a lot of blood, she was starving, she’d been treated horribly. Her body had gone into shock, it’d almost completely shut down. They’d had her in Intensive Care when he arrived. Ventilators, heart monitors, it had frightened Luke more than he’d ever imagined. Now, at least, she was breathing unaided. She’d wake up soon, they promised. A little while until they stopped what they were doing to keep her in her coma – enough time for her body to heal – and then it would be up to her to wake up. Rey was strong, he knew that. She’d wake up. “Rey…” He whispered softly, his fingers brushing against her hand. He had yet to touch her properly, afraid that she might break if he did. “Rey, I’m sorry.” He said, bowing his head and biting down on his lip gently. “For everything. I was never there for you, I could never protect you… Now I have the chance I still can’t. I don’t know how I can make things better. Please, I need you to come back, tell me what to do…” There was no response. And he thought himself stupid that he’d expected a response. Leaning back her put his hands over his eyes and let out a groan of frustration. “Mara, I’m sorry. God, you’d know what to do. You always did. Do me a favour, help me out here. She’s your daughter too. I know you’d hate me for everything that’s happened to her, so help me help her.” # # # “Finn?” Maz found herself in his bedroom that evening. He had long since stopped crying, and she was starting to struggle hiding this from him. “We need to talk sweetheart. Do you mind?” He shook his head. "Something wrong?" He asked, his voice horse from crying. She sat down on his bed and sighed. "It's about Rey." A million thoughts flooded through his head. Did they find her? Was she dead? Did they find her corpse? No. He wouldn't allow himself to think like that. "What happened?" He prepared himself for the worst, clenching his fists and squeezing his eyes shut. For a moment she said nothing. She didn’t know how to phrase it, but she couldn’t keep it from him any longer. “They found her.” She said softly. “Luke got a phone call last night, it’s why he couldn’t make it today. She’s in hospital now, recovering. She’s in bad shape, but she is recovering.” Maz reassured him. “Luke knows everything that’s happened to her, he told me and it sounds horrible. I can’t imagine how awful it must have been for her. But I thought it would be best to give him some privacy today. He needed it. He needed time alone with his daughter. She’s not conscious yet, but the doctors think she will be soon.” She was alive. His Rey was alive. Fresh tears fell down his face as he clasped into his grandma's arms. Maz wrapped her arms around him tightly, pressing a gentle kiss to his forehead. This was different from earlier. They were tears of relief, the closest he could come to joy. He needed it, they all did. “It’s okay.” She whispered to him. “She’s okay.” Maz stayed with him as he cried, she sat with him when he finished and she tucked him up in bed. It had been years since she had done something like that but the day had exhausted him emotionally and she wanted nothing more than to support him as much as she could. He accepted it graciously. He knew how Poe would want him to feel about this. He would hate it if Finn kept moping over him when Rey had been brought back alive. “G’night granny.” He said softly, teetering on the edge of slumber. “N I’ll see you soon Rey.” Notes: Tears were shed while writing this chapter so I hope you guys cried too!! Chapter 12 : A/N Hi guys. It's fionawas here. I'm normally the one that posts the chapters and does the stuff on here. I thought I'd just come and let you all know what's going on since it's been a few weeks since we've updated. It's my fault, first of all, I've not exactly been in the state of mind for a while to write, and we ran out of pre-written chapters to keep updating on a weekly basis. College is draining me, writing the fic was a lot of work, and my family life isn't the most stable right now. I've had a couple of near misses in the last week or so, pretty bad ones, but things are starting to pick up again. Hopefully over the next month, when college quietens down for summer, I'll be in a better condition and will be able to motivate myself to write again. In the mean time I hope you're all doing well, and I hope you don't mind an indefinite hiatus while I focus on college and getting better. I hope you all understand, I promise I'm not gonna abandon this fic. As soon as I'm okay we'll be writing again, promise. I'm just not sure how long that's gonna be. Thanks so much guys, all the feedback you've given us is incredible and we do love writing this fic. I hope you're all enjoying reading it just as much. I hope to continue this soon, Fiona. Hey, just adding here. It's Disneybrony, well Caroline. I just wanted to say from the bottom of our hearts, that we love you guys. If any of you have any questions, please feel free to contact me on tumblr. Username is still disneybrony. I've been working on two other finnrey fics, so if you need a finnrey story, they're called 'Red Roses' and 'The Bride'. Thank you and have a fabulous night. May the Force be with you all, Caroline.