I woke to feel a soft body on top mine. Confused, I look down and see my Y/N. Of course. How could I have forgotten? I made love to her last night, holding her hands, kissing her skin, making sure to leave some marks on her, to let everyone that she is mine. As I inspect her in the dark, I notice her messy hair frames her face. I notice the small love marks I left on her neck. I notice the light scratches on her back, at times I couldn't control myself. She drove me to such pleasure, but i knew I couldn't hurt her. I lift one of my arms and draw meaningless designs on her back. I could feel some knots in her muscles, I began to lightly massage them, trying to not wake her. I rested my cheek on her head, and took in a breath of her scent. She stilled lightly of sex, and sweat, and Y/N. Her scent intoxicated me, like rich fruit or flowers, I still can't put my finger on it. I felt her back muscles shift under my hand as she began to awake. She lifts her head slightly I kiss her head, and then she fall back, making a light groan. In a small whisper she asks me, "Do you have to leave?" I answered just as quietly, "I can whatever I want, darling. Chances are they will need me today, but I will have Hux take care of it." She let out a long breath. "Okay. Thank you for last night." Then she looks at me. I notice her eyes, being tired, but still being bright. I saw the love in her eyes, for me. I often wondered how someone as amazing as her could love someone as damaged as me. I lean down and give her a small kiss on her lips. I could kiss her lips all the time. I love the way she easily lets me take control and explore her mouth with mine. "You are welcome. Can I get you anything, love?" She shook her head and started to get up, "I'm fine. I'll be right back." I let her lose of my grip and watch her go to the mirror. I stare at her curves, her ass, her legs. I love them. They always gave me something to grab onto. I watch as she runs her fingers through her hair, brushing it off her face. I love it when she does that, it shows off her eyes more. But I also hate it when she does that, it makes me want to pull at it, run my fingers through it and kiss her neck. I watch as she walks over to our closet and grabs a black robe. I watch as she puts it on, mesmerized by her movements. She's graceful, and seductive. And she had no idea. She turns to me, I notice her breasts, slightly peeking from under the dark fabric. I enjoy them, I love kissing them, holding them, I like feeling them against me as I take her. I get out of bed and walk over to Y/N. I wrap my arms around her waist and rest my forehead on her shoulder. "I love you Kylo." "I love you, my Y/N." I love her. Everything about her. Notes: Weeeeeee the-imagines-awaken.tumblr.com