"You have to stop," he implored Rey through the void. "Please, Rey... please listen to me." He must've come across as shockingly desperate because the next thing he knew, he was meeting with her at an agreed upon rendezvous point. She'd insisted on a neutral system, one that was loyal to neither the First Order nor the Resistance. For reasons he needn't explain, Ren agreed and found her waiting on a desertous planet. He didn't comment on how similar it appeared to Jakku nor how sparsely populated it seemed. It was obvious she missed it. Not the loneliness; no, never that. Rather, it was the familiarity and the comfort of knowing what was next. Although it wasn't nearly as comfortable as her new life with the Resistance, Rey had grown accustomed to life on Jakku. She would wake each day and scavenge a while to trade for portions to ensure she didn't starve. Each night ended with an attempt to chase away the thoughts of abandonment through sleep. Now, she seldom slept at all. Be it the ceaseless cries of a teething baby or the constant longings of a far away lover, she'd forgotten what precious rest slumber could bring. Ren knew she wasn't getting enough sleep just by the jaded glint in her eyes. He needn't delve beyond them to see that. It hurt to witness and made him feel worse to know that he had caused it. "How are you?" He'd asked at first because, despite the better judgement of his teachings, he cared, far more than he ought to. Rey shrugged, not unreasonably. He deserved as much. He shoved his hands into the pockets of his thin coat. He had swapped the usual black robes for something more casual, less conspicuous. He noticed then that Rey too wore something different, something more than her scavenger rags. Beneath the clothes however, from what he could see, her body didn't seem to have changed. Her chest was slightly larger, due to nursing an infant, but her belly was as taut and flat as he remembered. He wondered then, just how she must've looked, heavy with child; his child. He yearned to have been with her to witness the soft glow that only impending motherhood could bring. Though he was certain she spent the majority of those months, grumbling to herself in regards to how debilitating pregnancy proved to be. The image almost made him smile, forcing him to hinder the twitching of his mouth. To avoid further inner sentiments, Ren spoke again. "And the... the child? How is he?" To be true, he'd been reluctant to ask for fear of being denied anything and everything regarding his son. It was her right, of course and he wouldn't object to that. But he'd asked to meet with her for a reason and that reason involved their child. Now it was Rey's turn to smile to herself. Ren watched as her eyes drifted past him, toward the shuttle he'd arrived in. Although her gaze was fixed, he could tell she wasn't really seeing it. Instead, in her eyes, he could see a mother thinking of nothing but her baby. He felt inclined to invade her thoughts, to see what she was seeing; to share in the joy it inspired. Instead, he kept his distance because it was a moment in which he didn't belong; one he didn't deserve to witness. "He's perfect," replied Rey, finally. Takes after his mother then, Ren was quick to muse. She'd heard it, as per his intentions. Had the circumstances been different, she might've allowed the endearment to warm her heart and redden her cheeks. It was a sight, she'd quickly learned, that he liked and clearly wanted to see again. As it was, she also wanted to hate him. If he denied her the latter, then she'd certainly refuse him the satisfaction of the former. "What is it that you want?" She demanded, having grown impatient with his apparent stalling and feeble attempts at conversation. Ren nodded. She was right - enough with the niceties. "Is it your intention to seek out Luke for his training?" The question seemed to startle Rey because her brow furrowed in confusion. As though she was insulted that he had the sheer audacity to ask. "I won't lead you to him if that's-" "Is it?!" He insisted. "Yes, but I don't see how that's any of your bus-" He interrupted her again, in favour of his own grievances. "It is entirely my business!" he exclaimed. "If you intend to have him train our son, I would like some input in that decision." He knew he was throwing stones in a glass house but he wanted her to know, if nothing else, that their son's future mattered to him. He wasn't particularly partial to his Uncle teaching her either but her life was her own; he had no say in it. Their child's however, he may yet perhaps hold sway. Rey scoffed in disbelief. "Not that you have any right whatsoever, but what would you have to say?" She was curious, intrigued to know why he harboured such concern. It was something, he decided. "I won't allow it." He declared as a matter-of-factly. "Excuse me?" She was as affronted as he'd expected. Ren moved to close the distance ever so slightly. He was too far away from her and he would ensure that she saw the conviction on his face. "Luke Skywalker will not teach my child a thing." The mere thought coupled with horrific memories was enough to cripple him in dread. While Rey was tall for most human females, he was taller than the average male and he towered over her ever so slightly. Despite this, she was not intimidated. She had no reason to because she knows he could never hurt her - not again, not after everything they'd shared. And despite how much she wanted to deny it, there was still much between them. They created something; a life that would forever bind them to each other, irrespective of how many parsecs stretched between them. Her hands gravitate toward her hips - the typical image of Rey: a perpetual monument of defiance. "Oh? And I suppose you might suggest your Supreme Leader then?" Her tongue was as sharp as her glare. If she could hate him at all, it'd would've been in that moment. Her words, however fleeting and misguided, struck a nerve in him that caused his heart to stop and his breath to hitch in his throat. He couldn't blame her for assuming that the darkness in him might desire Snoke to be his son's master as well. If he were any kind of dark force, he should indeed want for that. But she knew better than anyone just how seldom those shadows truly overcame his capacity for good. Her disregard for all that he'd proven filled him with an overwhelming sense of betrayal. He had bared himself to her scrutiny just hours after they met and she was just sweeping it under the rug as though he hadn't shown her kindness; compassion and, dare he say it, love. As if he hadn't, afterwards and against his initial pursuit, set her free. And now she was, quite frankly, missing the point of why he'd begged for this meeting. "I wouldn't..." he began, unable to voice the words for fear of choking on them, but somehow he managed anyway. "I would sooner die." And he thinks he has never before been so truthful. The alternative - that which he himself had suffered was unthinkable. It was abhorrent to everything he'd so recently, by the quickening of his child, decided to believe in. He could only hope that Rey believed him. Before she could say anything further, Ren noticed the time and realised he'd been absent from the base far too long. If the Millennium Falcon behind her was any indication, so did she. Surely she had a co-pilot somewhere waiting for her return. He wants to go with her; to see his mother again and to meet his son. He wants to atone for all his sins and make penance for those he might've done. He wants to love Rey as the woman that she is; as the mother of his child. He wants to renounce the Dark side for the only source of light to have penetrated past the shadowed facade. He wants to, but he can't. Instead, he grew bold and reaches for her hands. She doesn't flinch or withdraw from him. "Please Rey..." he pleads. "My Uncle could not save me..." If ever he had been able to. "Do not enable our son to follow..." Realisation and some small measure of hope swelled in her eyes in response to his words. Some way, somehow, Kylo Ren was asking her to inhibit their son's contact with the Force and all that which has the possibility to maim and corrupt his soul. He was asking - nay, begging that the child remain in the light with his mother, even if that means his father never gets the chance to see him. And contrary to Rey's initial belief, Ren did not want his son to know the Dark Side as he'd so regretfully come to know it. Rey decided, in that moment, if there was capacity for redemption in him, this would be it. It was more of a request than he'd originally intended but standing before her, seeing her again after so long, he could scarcely manage to breathe, much less dictate her decisions. She'd plagued his thoughts since he'd freed her - she was oxygen and he was suffocating. He wants to touch her but he knows that he won't; knows too that she shouldn't allow it. It would only increase the veracity of their bond with the Force and that, during those sleepless nights, wouldn't help either of them. He doesn't wait to know her decision, and he doesn't say goodbye either, in case he means it. Still, he leaves in the trust he has that she'll pay heed to his words. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Grey series Next Work →