The Spartanette It was a monday afternoon after work and classes and Finn and Rey were sitting in what they both privately referred to as the “chrome catastrophe”. Not that they dared call the ancient Spartanette trailer that out loud in front of its owner. The aforementioned owner, cantankerous Mr Solo was wrestling with something that had broken in the bathroom swearing and banging around. Rey leaned forward on the couch that could convert into a bed and thus doubled as Solo’s roommate Chewie’s room and shouted, “Need any help?” “NO!” Solo shouted back. Finn snorted as Rey rolled her eyes and leaned back. Chewie sitting outside enjoying the early summer evening weather yelled something inside at Han through the open door. Chewie had in Finn’s opinion a completely impenetrable accent but Rey and Solo both had no issue understanding him so maybe it was just him. Finn once asked where Chewie was from and Han had said, “Europe.” And never explained any further. “I DO NOT!” Solo shouted at Chewie while Rey smirked at whatever he’d said. Finn turned his attention to flat screen tv on the wall, probably the newest thing in the trailer by about twenty years. Rey had turned on the evening news in anticipation for Jeopardy being on after. They both sat comfortably making fun of the weather man’s tragic tie choice when a new segment about their local senator came on. They both tuned out about it when they noticed Han had come out the bathroom, pant leg covered in water and a wrench in one hand but was just standing there with a very odd look on his face staring at the screen. “Han I didn't know you were into local politics.” Rey tried to joke because the weird expression on his face was making them both uncomfortable. Han shook his head like a dog clearing its ear of water, “What? No of course not. Pah!” Finn looked at the screen and finally actually noticed the senator they were talking about. It was a woman somewhere around Han’s age, probably younger though, beautiful and with the kind of posture and expression that made her short stature seem seven feet tall. Finn narrowed his eyes because he was finally placing Han’s expression actually. “Do you know her?” Finn asked, a grin beginning to grow on his face. “What? No.” Han paused and said more firmly with a finger wagged at the both of them, “What? No.” Chewie had come to the doorway and looked at the TV and said something that as usual sounded like gobbly gook to Finn but Rey said mystified, “You do know her?” “Ha!” Finn cried, “Who is she?” “No one.” Chewie said something. Rey choked on her soda she’d been in the middle of drinking, Finn thumped her back as she coughed until she was able to say, “You were MARRIED?” Finn’s eyes were wide as quarters, “MARRIED?” “Well you do realize I did have a life before you two yahoos!” Finn and Rey graciously didn't mention the older man appeared to only have three friends, a man who no one could understand and who owned at least three assault rifles and two college students at least thirty years his junior. “So you were married to,” Finn paused to double check the screen, “Senator Organa?” Han just glared at them both. “That's quite impressive!” Finn tried to smooth over. “Does she have bad eye sight?” Rey asked not sweetly at all. Chewie laughed. Han punched Chewie in the arm, softly admittedly, and threw a towel he was holding that was covered in bathroom gunk at Finn and Rey, not softly at all. “Blech!” Finn cried batting it away while Rey laughed and tossed it back at Solo. Han stomped back into the bathroom and Chewie laughed and went back outside. The rest of the evening was distracted by Rey’s over competitive love of Jeopardy and Han occasionally shouting answers as well from the bathroom. Chewie grilled up some burgers for them all and Rey finally had enough barging into the bathroom and wrestling with something in there and Han who shouted repeatedly he didn't need her help until she emerged half covered in gunk and sweat but holding a cracked pipe of some sort with in her hand. Chewie made her clean up before eating and after dinner they said goodbye to Han and Chewie. Chewie gave them both bone crushing hugs like he always did and even offered bug spray worriedly since they were walking home but they waved him off. Han just grunted as they called goodbye. A lot of their friends were generally confused when they found out Finn and Rey hung out at least once a week with two old guys who they weren't related to at all. Ever since Rey convinced Finn to kidnap a dog that was always chained up outside a trailer with no watee in a mobile home park she passed everyday on the way to work. They had ended up running from the dogs terrifying owner and hiding in a random trailer with an unlocked door. Han and Chewie had arrived home to find two college students and a dog cowering in their kitchenette. Han took one look at them staring staring up wide eyed at an old man and a guy who was easily six foot seven and holding a baseball bat and growled, “Thieves huh?” “He's abusing this dog, were just saving it.” Rey shot back to which Finn said over her, “How many time, Rey, do I have to tell you? Just because someone doesn't take care of their stuff doesn't mean you aren't stealing it?” “Its not stuff Finn, its a living creature!” “So would you going to kidnap someone's kid just because you don't like the way they treat them?” Rey opened her mouth but Finn already knew the answer from the look in her eye so when Rey shouted, “Of course!” Finn shouted “OH MY GOD.” Han and Chewie were staring at them bickering and Han asked, “Who’s dog is that?” “Guy in the yellow trailer home up front.” Rey said. “That guy? Probably stole the dog himself.” The tall guy said something totally incomphrensable but Rey replied, “To the shelter. Our student housing doesn't let us have pets.” “You understood what he said?” Finn asked. “He was perfectly clear.” Han and Rey said together. Han eyed up her then Finn said, “What's your names, kid?” “Rey." "Finn.” “I'm Han, this is Chewie.” Chewie ended up inviting them to stay to eat and Rey and Finn snuck the dog out once night fell. They started coming to visit the two men every week though. They both had a soft spot for them and if they were being honest seeing as the both of them grew up in foster care kind of thought of them as the grandpas they never had. Finn and Rey got home, only half wishing they’d taken the bug spray they’d been offered and settled in for some homework and TV. They lived in ratty student housing unit that used to be an old house broken up into a strange combination of living areas and bedrooms with several other random students. Finn settled in to do some homework but found himself distracted. “Weird about Han being married once, huh?” Rey looked up from her homework, some complicated machine schematic sketches, and frowned, “Yeah I mean I’ll be honest I kind of always assumed him and Chewie…” Finn gagged, “No! I never got that vibe at all.” Rey laughed and took a sip of the disgusting energy drinks she loved, “Chewie could do better.” “Amen.” Finn said and they lapsed into silence for a few moments. “Awfully weird though.” Finn said again. “Finn.” Rey said sternly. “You saw the look on his face.” “I didn't.” Rey said. “Well that's because you're bad with people.” Finn replied and Rey gave a conceeding shrug, “He misses her!” “What ever you're thinking stop.” “He still loves her Rey!” “We don't know why they broke up.” Rey pointed out. “Over something stupid I'm sure.” “What are you going to do?” “Wouldn't hurt to reach out to her would it? She might not know Han is still alive and living in her district! What if she wants to see him to?” “You can't! That's a terrible idea!” Rey said, “I won't have anything to do with it.” “How many times have I gone along with one of your insane schemes? This is tame.” Rey growled at him. Finn grinned broadly at her, “I mean we can at least look for at her wiki right?” Rey pursed her lips, “Fine!” Finn fist pumped and made a show of cracking his knuckles and putting his hands on the keyboard of his laptop. “You're googling her wiki not hacking the Pentagon.” Rey said but a grin was creeping into the corner of her mouth as she got up out of her chair and onto the couch behind Finn so she could see over his shoulder. “Alright! Google…” He typed carefully, “Senator Leia Organa.” Chapter 2 : The Coffee Shop “Holy crap.” Finn said as Rey and him slowly went down Leia Organa’s wiki page. “This woman’s amazing.” Rey said awestruck. “Okay seriously no offense to Han but how did he marry her?” Leia Organa, had a resume that made everyone else in the world look foolish. Military career as a four star general, her dad was a general as well, mom was the head of a fortune five hundred company and head of the board of directors of one of the highest rated charity on the charity watchdog site. Leia inherited her mother’s position at the company and the charity after retiring out of the military at a surprisingly young age for a person with a military career. She ran both of those until she decided to get into politics and had a reputation as one of the cleanest but hardest fighting politicians in the senate. She also had an extremely brief career as a model as a teenager because this woman was beautiful as well. “Forget Han, I want to marry her.” Finn proclaimed. “You’ll have to fight me for her.” “You’re asexual.” “But I’m not aromantic.” She countered, “You’re gay!” “I’m Bi!” “Then it seems we’ve reached an impasse.” Rey said in her best impression of a cowboy. “Guess we’ll just have to settle this on the streets.” Finn replied dramatically before Rey grabbed him in a headlock. “Cheater!” Finn said when he slapped away her attack. Rey slid off the couch and back to the chair she’d left her homework in. “Well that’s that settled then.” “That’s what settled then?” Finn asked. “Our curiosity.” Finn clicked on a link for her senator page and hummed back at her. “What are you doing?” “Nothing.” Finn said innocently. “Don’t meddle Finn.” “He still loves her.” Finn whined, “It’s so sweet and sad.” “She might hate him!” “Only one way to find out.” “This is a really bad idea.” “You’re full of bad ideas.” “And you tell me everyday.” Rey pointed out. “Yes and you still do them anyways.” Rey sighed, “Fair enough I guess.” Finn nodded proud to have won the fight. “Just sleep on it at least before you go galloping off and doing stuff.” Finn shrugged, “Well it’s already nearly midnight what was I going to go do?” “Something stupid probably.” Finn grinned, “Stand outside her house with a boombox and yell, ‘I’m here on Han Solo’s behalf!’ when she calls the cops on me?” Rey laughed, “Do they even make boom boxes anymore?” “Good question!” Finn said and turned back to his computer to google that very thing. “Do your homework and stop googling stuff.” Finn shrugged but did as she suggested as otherwise he’d be up to three in the morning doing work. Rey had hoped Finn might lose some of his enthusiasm for the idea of getting Han and Leia back in touch after a night of sleeping it over but if anything it’d doubled by the time Finn got out of class the next day. His internship at a local law firm that he hated wasn’t on Tuesdays and one of his coworkers at the grocery store had asked to switch shifts with him so he found himself back at the house on Tuesday in the early afternoon with nothing to do but re-open Senator Organa’s senator’s page. A number for her office was on the “contact us” tab and he only hesitated for a few moments before typing it into his cell phone. It went through and was picked up on the second ring. A male voice said, “What can I help you with?” Finn’s mind blanked “Is this Senator Organa?” He meant to say Senator Organa’s office but he dropped that part. The male voice laughed, “I’m her aide.” “Obviously!” Finn said, “I mean not obviously you’re her aide obviously you’re not the senator she’s ah uh woman so uh yeah.” Finn was suddenly realizing how absolutely insane it was going to sound to try to explain on the phone how he was calling because he knew Leia’s ex husband and thought they might like to get back in touch. He hadn’t actually planned what he wanted to say at all. “Do you have a complaint or issue that needs addressed?” “No!” Finn was just panicking now, “Never mind! Bye!” Finn hung up. He groaned and looked at the ceiling, “Idiot!” He sighed and went back to her webpage and the “contact us” page. There wasn’t a personal email for herself but an email address for complaints and issues and another for press inquiries. A third was for a general account. Finn picked that one then spent two hours carefully crafting an email that sounded as normal as possible. From: Finn@nru.edu To: Senator.Org@nr.gov Subject: Inquiry About an Old Friend (Finn thought that sounded sort of professional, inquiry and all.) Hello, I’m a constituent in your district (remind them that he does have a vote might make them care a bit more he thought) and I’ve got a small inquiry to make. I’m friends with Mr. Han Solo, another constituent in your district (Finn didn’t know if Han even votes but hey he could technically) . I know he’s an old friend of Senator Organa but they haven’t spoken in some time. I was wondering if there was any chance I could get them in touch some how? Thanks for your time, Finn Finn sent it off and wasn’t really expecting much since it wasn’t official business let alone a nearly immediate response from an email address: pdameron@nr.gov. To: Finn@nru.edu From: pdameron@nr.gov Subject: RE: Han Solo Hi! Sorry I didn’t want to respond on the general email for a personal matter, I hope it’s okay I got your email from it! I’m one of Leia’s aides. Do you really know Han Solo?! Sincerely, Poe Dameron Aide Senator Organa’s Office Finn blinked reread it twice then responded, To: pdameron@nr.gov From: Finn@nru.gov Subject: RE: RE: Han Solo Hey, No that’s totally fine you got my email. I do really know Han and Chewie if you know who that is… Thanks, Finn The response was so fast Finn thought they might as well be on messenger, To: Finn@nru.edu From: pdameron@nr.gov Subject: RE: RE: Han Solo You know Chewie too?! Wow okay, here’s my phone number 451-7830 can you text me? It’ll be easier than email. Sincerely, Poe Dameron Aide Senator Organa’s Office Finn hesitated. I mean this was suddenly getting way more serious than Finn thought. He hadn’t actually thought anything would come it. What is Leia had a restraining order against Han? What if Han had a restraining order against her? Finn was starting to panic when Rey came home. She took one look at him then said, “What did you do?” “Might have emailed Leia Organa’s business email asking about getting her and Han in touch.” “And?” “One of aides responded, like super quick. And I think they’re excited? Maybe? Or going to call the police. I’m not sure. I should probably just stop.” Rey however finally looked interested. “They responded really quickly?” “Yeah.” “So they’re either excited or terrified?” “I assume.” “Well we have to keep talking to them.” “They asked me to text them instead of email.” “Let’s text them!” Grabbing Finn’s phone and shoving it in his hand. Finn typed in the number carefully then stopped, “What should I say?” “Hi it’s Finn from the emails.” She suggested. He did just that "Ask him if its okay we contacted Leia." Rey said Pocking Finn repeatedly in the shoulder she was reading over. “Lie!” Rey suggested. “No!” Finn hesitated. Rey frowned over his shoulder at him, “What? Why not?” “I don’t know he could be a murderer.” “He works for a senator.” “My point exactly.” Finn replied darkly. Rey let out a bark of laughter. “Don’t be a baby say yes, I’ll come too.” “I don’t have class until 11 Friday and I’m not pulling an early shift at the garage so I’m good.” “My 8am class is cancelled so I guess that’s fine.” “He does mean 8am though right?” “Oh yeah.” ] “Well I guess we’ll see if he’s a murderer Friday.” “Fair enough.” Finn replied. “Want pizza for dinner?” “Sure.” The rest of the week was so busy neither of them had much time to think about their plan about Han. Friday morning Rey bounced into Finn’s room at 6:30 and threw the blinds open, “Sun’s UP! Time to get UP!” Finn groaned but got up because last time he didn’t Rey dumped water on his head. Finn got dressed and met Rey out in the kitchen, “It’s gross in here.” “Clean it up.” Rey replied around a mouth of apple. “You clean it up.” “Why cause I’m the woman?” “No because those are all your dishes.” Rey shrugged and went to her room to change out of her pajamas. Finn did the dishes because he couldn’t stand it. “You’re a pig, Rey.” Finn called as he started the sink. “Yeah I know!” They got to the coffee shop way too early. They parked at a table by the door and Finn tapped his phone against the table. “Wait what does he look like?” Finn realized suddenly. “Oh I don’t know.” Rey said frowning, “We should have facebooked him, hey give me your phone.” “No it’s almost out of data this month, use your phone.” “I didn’t pay the bill last month it’s not working.” Finn shrugged, “Well it can’t be that hard, some staffer in a suit I guess.” That was fair enough. Living in the capital they’d seen enough people who worked for the government and had enough classmates intern as staffers. Quite a lot of men in suits came in and out but none of them looked at them. It was five past eight when a guy in a leather jacket came in, pulled short at the door, and looked around expectantly. He met their equally inquiring look and then walked over, “Finn?” Finn took his hand to shake, “Yup that’s uh me, this is Rey by the way.” “Hey what’s up Rey by the way.” The guy offering her his hand, “I’m Poe.” “You want a coffee?” Finn asked “Uh no I had a lot of coffee already this morning.” “Me too actually. “Well,” Rey said grumpily, “when we made plans to go to a coffee shop I didn’t drink myself sick on coffee so I’m going to get some.” Poe sat down and said, “So you and Rey are?” “Students.” Finn answered, “And Rey’s a mechanic too.” “Cool.” Poe said awkwardly. “So you’ve known Senator Organa a long time?” Poe beamed, “She’s my mentor, I’ve been working for her since I got out of the military. She’s the greatest.” Finn smiled back and Rey finally came back with her coffee, “Alright, so what’s the plan, sam?” “What’s the plan, stan.” Finn corrected. “What? Who cares, what’s the plan?” Rey asked. “Who’s sam?” Finn whispered and Poe snorted. Rey narrowed her eyes at Finn. He would pay for that later. Poe straightened and put his folded hands on the table, business time. “So you really think Han wants to see Leia?” “He didn't say so but anyone who saw his face would agree.” Rey opened her mouth. Finn anticipated, “Not you Rey.” Poe looked at them. Rey shrugged, “I’m not great with reading people’s expressions.” “But she’s freaky good at basically reading people’s minds.” Finn offered. “True.” Rey said and gave Poe a long creepy look. “Right um,” Poe shook his head like he was clearing it, “I know Leia misses him too.” “She said so?” Finn asked excitedly. “Uhhhhh…” Poe said, “Not exactly. Leia’s not crazy big on feelings. Or sharing them. But I’ve known her for years. I knew her when she and Han were still together. I can just tell.” Rey was looking narrowed eyed at both Poe and Finn. “So perfect we just tell them they both want to see each other.” Finn said. Rey shook her head, “No way, Han won’t do that. If he wants to see her he’s way too stubborn to admit it let alone go see her.” “Who broke up with who?” Finn asked Poe. “Not sure to be honest. They had a rough couple years cause their kid was kind of a crap.” “Han has a KID?” Finn said aghast. “Yeah, technically.” Poe rolled his eyes, “Piece of work. Anyways they separated. I thought Han would be halfway to Thailand by now I can’t believe he’s in town.” “So Leia wouldn’t want to just come to the trailer would she?” “No she’s crazy stubborn as well. But they should really see each other again.” “I’m guessing if she’s anything like Han we’re not going to reason with either of them?” Finn suggested. “No no way unfortunately.” “So what do we do?” “Trick them?” Poe suggested. Rey stood up, “I’m going to the bathroom.” Finn grabbed her hand as she was passing and said dramatically like he always did when she announced she was going to the bathroom, “Be safe.” Rey pulled her hand away, “Stop touching my hand.” Poe grinned at the two of them. “I like your friend.” Poe said. Finn stifled a sigh, of course he did. I mean not the Finn blamed him. He had a crush on way for longer than a hot minute at first. Then she set him straight. “She reminds me of my friend Jess. They’d get along super well.” Finn felt slightly better knowing Rey just reminded him of a friend. Not that he cared. “So what do you study?” “Criminal law.” “Oh do you want to be a cop or lawyer?” “I thought I wanted to be a lawyer but I’m interning at a law firm and I hate it so much. Not sure I want to be a cop either. No clue what I want to be actually.” Poe shrugged, “It’s not a hurry. I certainly never thought I’d be a senatorial aide as a kid.” Finn smiled, “Fair enough.” Rey appeared suddenly at the chair next to Finn and leaned over it to brace her hands on the table, “I’ve just had a great idea.” “In the bathroom?” Poe asked. “I’ve had some of my best ideas in the bathroom. It’s quiet.” “True.” Finn conceed, “You came up with the way to build that robotic toaster oven in the bathroom.” “That was a good idea.” Rey said fondly. “Until it caught on fire.” “It was the salvaged parts not the design though.” Rey defended herself, “Anyways my idea. So Han despite all his grumbling really is fond of us both and you and Leia are close right?” “Yeah we’re super close.” “Do your parent live nearby?” “No totally different country.” Poe answered looking increasingly confused. “So let’s say an orphan, sweet ragamuffin orphan with no family---” Rey said. “That is the definition of orphan, yes.” Poe countered. Finn snorted. “---was dating someone, and it was getting serious what would a person with a family do?” She looked at them both expectantly. “Introduce them to their parents?” Poe finally suggested. “Exactly. And let’s say same situation but someone whose parents live really far away. They’d introduce them to their friends or someone they were really close to.” Rey said. “I think I’m following where this is going.” Poe said, “But not really.” “I’m not following at all.” Finn said. “Well it just so happens Finn, sweet gentle Finn, sweet delicate baby Finn,” “Rey you know I used to be a bouncer right? I’m not delicate.” “Delicate, a flower, a parentless flower.” Rey said grabbing Finn’s head and cradling it to her chest. “You don’t have parents either.” “Yes but Han knows I’m asexual this plan won’t work with me.” “What plan?” Poe had caught on apparently, “Oh that could work. That could work!” “What plan?” “You ask Han to meet your new boyfriend, Finn, to make sure he isn’t some scoundrel.” “Boyfriend? I don’t have a boyfriend.” Rey released his head enough to put her hands on both sides of his head and twisted it to be staring directly at Poe, “Now you do.” Chapter 3 : The Diner It was decided then that Finn and Rey would bring up the subject to Han this week then set a date for Poe to come over the next. Poe would do the same with Leia. Then after lulling them into false security they’d pick a public place and bring them both there and bam! Romance. Or that was the idea at least. Rey happy with this plan finally agreed to let them all go in time for her to get to her class. Finn changed his mind on coffee and grabbed some to go before they all left. “I’m excited!” Poe said when they all got out the door, “Let me know how setting up for me to come ‘meet’ Han goes!” “We will.” Rey assured him. “It was cool meeting you.” He said starting to walk backwards towards the parking lot on the side of the coffee shop, “Nice meeting you!” Finn called to him. Finn didn’t have class until afternoon on Fridays but then he worked a closing shift at work so he didn’t see Rey again until he walked into the living room at midnight. Finn collapsed onto the couch. “The guys on the first floor invited us to come drink if we want.” Rey said. “Ugh no I’m so tired. The store was insane all night. Who needs fifteen cartons of eggs at 11:45 at night, Rey?” Finn looked at her wild eyed, “What sort of crap are they into?” Rey laughed. “You should go without me though.” Finn assured her. “Nah, I’ve got a project I want to to work on before tomorrow since I’m at the garage all day.” Finn nodded and yawned. “So how excited are you for our plan?” Rey asked. Finn shrugged, “I mean it’s good—” “Are you gonna thank me?” “Thank you for what?” “You think Poe is cute! And I came up with a plan that means you have to get all gross and cozy with him at least three different occasions.” “I never said that!” Finn stuttered out. Rey just gave him that long creepy stare of hers. “Okay like MAYBE, I mean yeah he’s hot like he’s hot? He’s okay!” Rey was starting to laugh. “He’s good. “Deep breath Finn.” “I mean it’s a good plan! It’ll work. You did good!” Rey started poking Finn in the leg from her seat on the floor, “And because I got you a boyfrieeeeend.” “Not a real boyfriend.” “Close enough.” Finn let out a disturbed noise, “Come on, not even close. Anyways we’re going to be lucky if Han and Chewie don’t call bull on me dating a guy like that.” “Oh you could date a guy like Poe.” “Could I Rey? COULD I?” Finn asked, “He’s got like a job.” “You have a job.” “At the grocery store!” “That’s a job.” “He’s got a real job. And like is a real person. He’s got real shoes. Did you look at his shoes? They were name brand. I’ve got Beeboks. B-eeboks. Not Reeboks. I’m a student, who doesn’t even like their major. I’m a senior. I hate my major.” “Alright, alright, you’ve convinced me you’re a terrible loser. Doomed to die alone.” Rey said. “Thanks Rey. I love you.” Finn grumbled. Rey threw a pencil at him, “Walk with me to the corner shop I’m out of energy drink.” Finn groaned. “Come on put on your Beeboks” Finn rolled onto his feet and made sure to complain loudly about it as he did. She tripped him as he went towards the door. “Rude and unnecessary.” Monday it was Finn and Rey’s turn to cook for Han and Chewie which mainly meant Rey actually cooked stuff while Finn got bossed around. Finn had zero cooking skills and once managed to explode butter which no one has ever been able to explain to this day so he was banned from using any sort of heating element in the kitchen. Finn was putting plates on to the counter when Rey asked loudly, “So are you gonna ask Han?” Finn didn’t even have to play nervous when Han grumbled, “Ask me what?” “Chewie too?” Chewie looked up from the book he was reading. Finn rubbed the back of his head, “So uh I’ve been seeing this guy lately and uh I wanted to see if it was okay-to-bring-him-here-for-you-to-meet-him?” Han just stared at him. “You know cause it’s getting serious kinda, not like super serious, just like more than like casual serious.” Finn kept going, “And I want him to meet my friends, and you two… are my friends?” Chewie nodded from the couch but Han just grumbled, “Sure you should bring him here? Won’t he think you’re weird if two of your friends are two old guys? Scare him off? Would scare me off.” “No I’ve told him a little about you guys and his parents live in another country so he like gets…” Finn just waved his hand around. Rey piped in, “You know because we don’t have parents.” Finn thought that was probably a bit heavy handed but Han actually seemed persuaded by that. “Alright, but I’m not going to be nice!” Han said wagging a finger. “I would sooner expect you to cut off your own hand.” Finn said then leaned over to point at Chewie, “No guns though.” “Awwwwwwww.” Chewie said. That Finn totally understood without translation. “I’m serious.” Finn said, “I’ll bring him next Monday?” Han grumbled under his breath then pointed at Rey, “Don’t burn that chicken.” “It’s better burnt!” Rey cried. “You’re an animal! An animal!” Han said trying to grab the spatula she was using and effectively ending all conversation about any plans for the rest of the night. Rey shot off a simple “it’s on” to Poe from Finn’s phone when they left. Next Monday came too soon and Poe showed up to the student housing in nicer clothes than Finn was expecting. They’d met him outside at his car and Finn’s stomach went weirdly sour when he stepped out in a fitted button up and tie under his jacket. “We ready?” Poe asked, “I mean I was thinking, Han knows me, isn’t he going to get suspicious when I didn’t make the connection?” “Just say I didn’t tell you his name.” “Right. I can do this. I was in my high school play.” “Play or musical?” Rey grinned. “Musical actually.” “Oh which one?” “Bye Bye Birdie,” Poe grinned, “I was Birdie.” “I can see that.” Rey said. “Should I have dressed nicer?” Finn asked the both of them pointing at Poe’s shirt and tie. “I mean you’re not meeting the in-law. This time.” Rey pointed out. She was in the clothes she always wore outside the garage which was yoga pants and a flowy top. Finn was convinced she owned at least six identical large cream colored shirts since they never seemed dirty but she wore them everyday. “Yeah that’s fine, buddy.” Poe agreed. “Right, yeah.” Finn said but ran to his room to change anyways. He had been wearing a ridiculously old shirt for one of his foster sister’s band. He hadn’t actually like the band or the foster sister that much but the shirt had been washed into being ridiculously comfy and he liked the geometric design on the front. Instead he grabbed a different t-shirt, one that was actually his size and much newer so in his collegiate opinion more formal. He ran back downstairs. “Alright let’s go!” “That’s better.” Rey said. “You said what I had on before was fine!” “I lied for your self esteem.” “Thanks your honesty is appreciated.” Finn rolled his eyes. He turned to Poe, “We ready to go?” “Uh what? Go? Uh yeah, let’s go!” Poe said practically running around the other side of the car. Rey patted Finn on arm, “Very clever.” “What?” “Yeah, sure whatever, Biceps.” “I didn’t… the shirts not that tight. It just fits.” “Whatever, you’re a genius.” Finn frowned but got in the car. Rey sat in the front to direct to the trailer park. They pulled in next to Han’s truck and Poe climbed out eagerly. “Whoa! An old spartan trailer. ‘49?” Rey shook her head, “‘58.” “Did you know Spartan wasn’t a car marker but an—” “Airplane maker.” Rey said at the same time as him. “This is awesome.” Poe said putting his hand on the trailer, “Original trim. Original hitch.” “Don’t get fingerprints on it kid.” Han grumbled as he appeared at the door of the trailer. Poe poked his head around the door of the trailer and said in a semi convincing surprised voice, “HAN?” Han frowned, “Poe?” “Hey!” Poe said bouncing around the door and grabbing Han into a hug, “I had no idea.” He let go of Han and spun around accusingly at Finn, “Finn, you didn’t say this was Han Solo?” Finn shrugged, “I didn’t know you know him!” “I’m mad at you.” Poe said with a grin and threw an arm around Finn, “Wow Han, it’s been so long!” “Not long enough.” Han said glaring at the two of them. Finn started to get nervous. Chewie appeared from around the trailer. “OH HO HO! Chewie!” Poe said throwing his arms open, “Can I have a hug?” Chewie obliged more than happily. He let Poe go after a bone crushing hug then pointed back and forth between Poe and Finn. “Uh yeah, this is Poe, who I guess you already know?” Finn said. Poe gave the arm around Finn’s shoulder a squeeze, “Nice rhyme.” “Are we gonna inside or standing outside freezing our butts off?” Han asked and climbed back inside. Five people couldn't really fit in the trailer very well but they squeezed in anyways. Han mostly stood in the kitchen, Chewie taking the far end of the small couch, Poe and Finn squeezed in on the far end practically on top of each other. Rey balanced on a cushion on the floor. “You look good Han!” Poe commented. “Don't lie, kid, no one likes a kiss ass.” Poe grinned, “Aw take a compliment Han.” “Compliment your boyfriend, not some old man.” Han shot back. “I compliment him plenty!” Poe protested. “Yeah come on what's it you’re always saying to him Poe?” Rey crowed in. Finn and Poe both glared at her for putting them on the spot but Poe managed after a pause, “When he smile he’s like the most beautiful human I've ever seen.” Finn mentally congratulated Poe on how genuine he made it sound. “Poe doesn't know a lot of people.” Rey added. Finn kicked out and scrapped the bottom of his dirty shoe on Rey’s white sleeve. Rey grabbed his shoe, pulled it off and threw it across the room. Han and Chewie barked out laughter during all of this and Poe relaxed back into the couch throwing his arm across the back of the couch. Han finished laughing then asked, “So what have you been up to Poe?” Poe froze, they all did. They hadn't considered that at all. Han barreled on not apparently having meant about Poe’s job, “Do you still fly?” “Yes!” Poe said barely covering his relief, “Not a lot who has the time?” Finn nearly said, “You fly planes?” But caught himself realizing a boyfriend should know that. Rey however didn’t have to bother, “You fly airplanes?” “Yup, so did Han once upon a time.” “You did?” Rey asked angirly at Han. “What why are you getting mad?” “I used to fly!” “Well how I was supposed to know that?” Han shrugged “Hey,” Poe said catching Rey’s attention, “I rent a plane at a place not far from here. Let's go sometime, do you have your license?" Rey made an “ehhhhhhhh” noise that she always made when she didn't do something she was supposed to but didn't see how that was problem. Poe chuckled, “We’ll figure something out.” “What the air police gonna catch us?” Rey asked. “Police helicopters.” Finn pointed out. “Shut up “ Rey said and tried to grab Finn’s foot so she could take his sock as well. “Stop trying to undress me.” Finn said snatching his foot away quick enough to tuck it under his other leg. “That's Poe’s job.” Han crowed from the kitchen. Poe choked on his water he was mid-drink of and snatched his arm from behind Finn to cover his mouth. Chewie started thumping a hand on Poe’s back to help clear his throat. “Han.” Finn scolded ignoring how hot his face had gotten. He was grateful unlike Poe who had gone red from coughing and Rey who had gone red from laughing his skin never showed blushes much. Han just finished chuckling and ignored Finn’s glare. Finn decided it was about the end of phases one, “Alright well, we have plans we’ll be late for if we don’t get going.” Poe nodded though Rey looked disappointed. “But Han and Chewie, we’d love to do a whole dinner with the gang sometime.” Finn said. “Like at a real restaurant.” Rey said. Han looked like he was going to say no so Poe added in, “My treat.” Han grinned, “That's the magic words.” “Great we’ll let you know a time and place.” Finn said jumping up. Poe and Rey had already headed outside Chewie following behind but Han said, “Hey Finn, just a second.” “What?” “You probably don't want my opinion.” “Yeah?” “I’ve known Poe a long time and he's a good kid.” “I know.” “But he's always been married to his job you gotta be okay coming second to the job whatever he does these days.” “You're getting kinda touchy feely on me Han.” Finn pointed out, then grinned, “Is it cause you like me?” “I don't.” “Is it cause you like me like a soooooooon?” “No!” “You see me like a child, Han?” “I see you like an idiot.” “Playing hard to get, pops?” “Get out!” Han said but he was barely covering a laugh. “Goodbye Papa!” Finn said in a bad impersonation of a posh British kid. “Out!” Poe was more than halfway back to dropping them off at their student housing when he asked, “I’m starving. Are you all hungry?” “Yes!” They both shouted. They stopped at the diner on the same block as Finn and Rey’s apartment. Rey dug into her pancakes like she was starving when they arrived. “Whoa slow down no one's gonna take it from you.” Finn said. “I got a group project meeting in 15 minutes. Gotta eat and run.” “Oh okay.” Finn said. Poe looked up from his waffles, “You want a ride?” “Its at the house no worries.” Rey said, “It’s with Tito and them.” She rolled her eyes and put some cash on the table, “See you later!” She ran out the door with a passing pat on the top of Finn’s head. Poe and Finn watched her go then looked at each other. Finn felt suddenly decidedly awkward. “So you fly planes?” Poe nodded since he was chewing. “You have any hobbies?” Poe asked. “I'm going to honest, I go to school, work and any free time I have I usually just catch up on TV. I’m painfully boring.” Poe let out a laugh, “No no I get that! I honestly don't even remember what free time was like.” Finn grinned and relaxed slightly into his chair. Poe raised an eyebrow, “Did I hear you right the other day when you said you used to be a bouncer?” Finn nodded. Poe gestured for him to explain Finn nodded and then gave an embaressed smile, “I was doing it when I was 17, it was my foster family who owned the place. We all worked there one way or any other." Poe looked slightly concerned so Finn added, “I barely did much besides check IDs.” “Oh, okay.” “But I used to box,” Finn said, he put on a faux humble brag voice, “So I can take care of myself.” “I have no doubt.” Poe answered with a grin. Finn finished his food and pushed the empty plate aside. Poe leaned forward slightly and said, “Hey, I know this was Rey’s plan and all but you two are okay with this right?” “W-what?” Finn asked. “You two just seem great together and I don't want it to be awkward or anything us pretending to be dating. You're a really cute couple.” “Rey and I,” Finn actually had to stop to prevent an almost hysterical laugh from escaping, “Rey and I, are not together! I mean you heard Rey she’s asexual and I know that doesn't mean we can't be dating but she’s not, we’re not together. We’re just best friends. She's like a sister, well I have foster sisters, but y’know like a sister I actually get along with.” Poe looked surprised then he smiled for a split second before just saying, “Oh okay! Good. I’m glad I'm not like third wheeling or something.” “Nope, nope, nope.” Finn assured him. Poe grinned, “Cool." Chapter 4 : Downtown Finn straightened the sweater he'd put on over a button up to meet ‘the in laws’ as Rey had phrased it. He’d asked her a fifth time to come too but she insisted it was weird to bring a friend to this. Finn’s GPS beeped to let him know he'd walked to in front of his destination. It was a mansion. The townhouse in the middle of the historic district probably wasn't by technical standards a mansion but it was certainly was in Finn’s opinion. Finn gave his sweater one more nervous smoothing over and tucked his phone away before hopping up the steps of the house. He knocked on the door and it opened nearly immediately to reveal a tall painfully thin man. “Who are you?” He demanded. “Finn! I'm Finn.” Finn said as the man eyed him suspiciously, “Sorry I might have the wrong addre---” Finn got cut off by a sound of pounding feet and someone slamming into the tall man from behind. He stumbled slightly and Finn caught his elbow. The man jerked away and spun around to face whoever run into him. “BeeBee!” the man scolded, “You know better than to play football in the foyer. You could break something!” BeeBee was holding a football in hand looked properly scolded. The tall man glared at someone down the hallway. He put his hands on his hips, “RD you're a grown adult learn some sense.” RD seemed to not care for that scolding at all and flipped off the tall man. “RD!” The man shouted scandalized. “Uh sorry I think I have the wrong address.” Finn said backing up. The smallest one, BeeBee however leaned around the guy at the door, “Hey no! You’re boyfriend Finn, yeah?” “Yes.” “Pio why haven't you let him in yet?” RD asked coming down the foyer, “So rude!” “Rude! I didn't mean to be rude.” Pio, “My apologies, Mr. Finn.’ “No no you don't have to apologize!” “You don't have to lie to make him feel better, you're clearly highly insulted!” RD said “I'm not, really.” Finn insisted wishing desperately he knew how to handle the situation. BeeBee grabbed Finn’s arm trying to pull him through the door, “Ignore them.” “Uh.” “What are you three doing?” Asked a commanding voice. All three jumped around to face the woman Finn had only slightly stalked online and thus recognized immediately. All three of them started talking at once. Senator Leia waved her hand and they all moved out of her but kept babbling. Completely tuning them out she offered a small hand for Finn to take. Finn shook it and tried to cover his wince at how hard her handshake was, “Hello, you must be Finn.” “I am! And you’re Senator Organa.” “Leia, call me Leia. Come in,” she gestured, “We’ve got a full house today but please feel free to ignore those three. I certainly do.” BeeBee slid in practically under Leia’s arm, “Should I get Poe?” “No let us get him.” Leia said a twinkle in her eyes. “Okay.” BeeBee responded and went running down the hallway ahead of them. “And don't give him warning we’re coming!” Leia called after. BeeBee slid into the far wall at the end of the hallway with an oof and sighed, “Okay.” Leia led them to a living room and then up to some sliding glass doors that looked out onto a deck. Which a dog and Poe were both currently sitting on covered in, “Is that pasta sauce?” Finn asked when they came up to the door. Leia gave the glass a sharp rap and waved at Poe who looked up from his phone. Both Poe and the dog jumped up and ran up to the door. Leia slid the door open slightly and the dog stuck it’s nose in. Poe practically did to, “Can I come in now?” “No you’re still covered in sauce.” Leia responded as if he’d just asked the stupidest question in the world. “You said you were getting me new clothes.” Poe accused, “Come on my guest is here. Let me in.” “My house, my guest, first of all. And why don’t you explain what you did to get banished outside?” “It was BeeBee’s fault the pasta sauce bowl tipped over.” “You three shouldn’t have been playing with the dog in the kitchen.” Leia said. “How come BeeBee isn’t covered in sauce?” Finn asked. “Cause BeeBee is a lucky little brat!” Poe called out into the house. Leia put up a finger, “I’m letting my dog in. Don’t you come in too.” RD appeared behind the both of them with a stack of towels and clothes. RD handed a towel to Leia who opened the door enough to scoop up the dog. She walked away and RD shoved a handful of towels and clothes through the door, “Leia says you can come in once you’ve changed.” RD slammed the door, locked it and shouted through the glass, “Knock when you’re done!” He then pulled the curtain. The man turned to Finn and cocked his head to the side, “How come Poe never mentioned you?” “I don’t… know?” Finn shrugged, “I mean this is all pretty new…” At that moment he was saved by BeeBee running around a corner, “Hey RD, Pio is messing with your bread rolls. He’s trying to take them out of the oven.” RD barged past, “I told that string bean to leave them in for another twenty minutes!” BeeBee slid to a stop next to Finn, peaked out the glass door through the curtain and let out an ear piercing wolf whistle. Finn could hear Poe’s squawk through the glass. BeeBee let out a chuckle and turned to Finn, “Don’t let RD get to you he’s just noisy, and cantankerous, and trouble in general. Just push him into a closet if he starts bugging you too much. That’s what we all do.” “Got it.” Finn smiled. “So I know all about the plan, by the way, I’m your ally on the inside. Pio and RD have no idea they’d blab to Leia, immediately, so just play it cool.” “Oh I didn’t realize Poe told you.” “I’m his best friend he had to he’d have told me if he was actually seeing someone so I’d have called bull like right away.” The was a window rattling knock on the door. BeeBee re-opened the curtain and door. Poe still had pasta sauce in his hair but he was in clean clothes, too bad the clothes RD had gathered for him was a sweater about a size too small that said in needlepoint Daddy’s Little Lady and a pair of hawaiian print swim suit trunks. “I hate you guys.” Poe said shoving red stained towels toward BeeBee who carefully grabbed them, “Where did RD even get this sweatshirt from? It smell like mothballs.” “I’ll put these in the wash.” BeeBee said and ran off. “Stop running in the house!” Poe called after then crossed his arms and turned to Finn, “H-hey.” “Hey.” Finn grinned back, “Nice clothes.” “Thanks it’s all the rage in Paris.” Poe said through chattering teeth. “You cold?” “It’s freezing out there. I’ve been locked out for an hour.” “You reek of basil.” Finn laughed. “I’m sure it’s all very alluring.” Poe said tilting his head down a little and lifting his eyebrows up in a mock seductive expression. Finn nearly doubled over with laughter. “Oh yes, I’m only attracted to men who smell like the finest of italian restaurants.” That set Poe off and they were both laughing hysterically now. Poe smiled as they both finished laughing and said, “Well I guess I could take you around the house if you want? I think dinner’s another hour off since we y’know dumped the pasta sauce everywhere. Or I guess I could properly introduce you to everyone since I’m guessing there’s no way BeeBee did.” “Uh whatever?” Finn said. Poe nodded and gestured forward. They walked through an entryway into a kitchen. Leia was sitting at an island and ipad and glass of wine in hand while Pio and RD were arguing increasingly loudly about the proper way to cook duck. BeeBee was nowhere to be seen. “Alright, everybody proper introductions, like civilized people.” Poe said, less announcing and more making it clear he was expecting civilized, “This is Finn, who you will all be very nice to, Finn this is Pio, RD and Leia, who you can call Leia by the way.” “I already told him that.” “She did.” Finn confirmed. “BeeBee is somewhere around here. Bee’s an aide too like me. Pio is Leia’s advisor and assistant and language extraordinaire, RD is---” RD crowded in here, “A professional pain in the ass.” “Media consultant.” “So what RD said.” Finn added in. RD laughed and smiled, “You’ll be just fine here.” BeeBee skidded on the tile floor into the kitchen, “How long until dinner?” “Thirty minutes.” “Long enough for a round of Dog Fight. You any good at video games, Finn?” Finn shrugged, “I mean I guess. Depends on the game. I mostly play first person shooters.” “Alright you’ll stink at this, you can be Poe’s partner, he stinks when we’re not partnered.” “Not true.” Poe protested. “Leia you gonna play?” BeeBee asked. “I suppose I can show you children how’s it done.” Leia said getting up off the chair with her wine glass. The game apparently just required one person to fly a plane while the other gunned and you tried to take as little damage as possible while shooting down as many enemy planes as possible. They all four settled on a sectional couch in front of a giant plasma screen and Bee threw Poe and Finn controllers. “You gun or fly?” Asked Poe. “I’ll shoot, I think.” Poe shrugged, “I’m better at shooting than flying but I’ll let you gun since you’re the guest.” “You fly planes in real life!” Finn laughed. “Well it’s not like that at all.” Poe said with jokingly defensive tone. “You two ready?” “Yeah.” They responded in unison, sitting shoulder to shoulder and concentrating on the screen in front of them. Poe and Finn made a good team but Leia and Bee completely wiped the floor with them. “Leia is cheating.” Poe accused, “You practically had your eyes shut at one point.” “How can I cheat it’s a video game, Mr. Dameron?” Leia asked. “I don’t know. But you totally were.” “I’m just better at video games than you, whippersnapper.” Poe rolled his eyes but Finn pipped, “Um can you tell me where the bathroom is?” “Yeah right down the hall.” Poe said pointing to a door visible from couch. “The downstairs bathroom is covered in tomato sauce, I’d highly recommend using the upstairs bathroom.” Bee said, “Upstairs, left, right, then left very back of the house.” “Right, thanks.” Finn said forgetting the directions almost as soon as he got upstairs. He wandered vaguely towards the back of the house but was faced with three closed doors. He turned his back to the double doors and towards the singular one. Which he opened but was just a closet. He turned to open one of the two behind him to find someone standing directly behind him. Finn screamed like a little girl he was not afraid to admit at all making the man with a grizzled grey beard flinch. Finn clapped his own hand over his mouth, “Sorry! Sorry!” “No I’m sorry I didn’t mean to scare you!” The man promised. “Can I recommend wearing a bell?” Finn suggested. Someone thumped up the stairs and Poe and Leia both appeared at the end of the short hallway. “Oh you met Luke!” Poe said. “Luke, are you trying to kill the young man?” “No!” Luke protested, “I didn’t mean to.” “I wasn’t that scared.” Finn protested. “We heard your screech from downstairs.” “I just want to use the bathroom.” Finn complained. “Oh of course, right here.” Luke said stepping to the side and pointing at the door to his left. It seemed the room he’d come out of was the one of the left. Finn went inside but could here Leia making fun of Luke the entire he was using the bathroom. She was still ribbing him when Finn came back out. Luke sighed and rolled his eyes, “Is dinner ready?” “Yes.” Leia said and gestured for them to all go downstairs before leading the way. Poe gestured for Luke to go first so he could walk with Finn. Luke nodded at him and then paused as he brushed past cocking his head to the side. “Why are you wearing my sweatshirt?” “Why do you own this sweatshirt?” Poe shot back. Leia called up the stairs, “Luke went through a phase where he only wore sweaters with weird phrases on them in the 80s.” “Or, counterpoint, is it because he is in fact Daddy’s Little Lady?” Poe asked. “I might be.” Luke said with no embarrassment and swept downstairs behind Leia. Poe waited for Finn and then said as they clomped downstairs, “Totally forgot Luke was upstairs sorry.” “No it’s fine.” They walked into the dining room which BeeBee was finishing setting up and Poe said, “Uhm, Luke this is Finn, my boyfriend, Finn this is Luke Skywalker, Leia’s brother.” “Nice to meet you.” Finn said offering a hand which Luke shook warmly. “Nice to meet you, Finn.” Luke said, giving him an uncomfortably long look in the eye. It gave Finn the heebee jeebies in exactly the way Rey staring into his eyes always did, “I’m sorry for not being down here to greet you earlier, I was meditating and forgot the time.” “He was napping.” Leia stage whispered. “I was not.” Luke shot back and went to take his seat. “No, Luke sit between Pio and RD I don’t want them bickering the entire meal.” “Right.” “I shouldn’t think that’s not necessary, Leia.” Pio protested politely but Luke did so anyways. “Poe if it’s polite to ask why do you have pasta sauce in your hair?” Luke inquired, as everyone began loading food onto the plates. Everyone burst out laughing and Poe sighed hanging his head. Finn gave him a little pat on the shoulder. The conversation over the meal started on work, with Luke and Finn generally just impassively watching the rest of them argue about some public works bill. Luke finally got bored with all of them and turned to Finn across the table and asked, “So you’re a student, correct?” “Yup.” “What are you studying.” “Criminal justice.” “Oh you wish to be a lawyer or?” “Honestly?” Finn asked and Luke nodded, “I’m not sure anymore.” “Well you have time.” Luk assured him. “People keep saying that.” “I hardly assumed I’d be in charge of a robotics company when I was your age.” “Are you really a robotics engineer?” Finn asked and Luke nodded, “Oh if you don’t mind, my friend is great with mechanics, I bet she’d love to talk to you. Robotics is like her dream.” “I’d be happy to talk to anyone looking for a career in my field. I’ll give you a card after dinner.” “Thanks!” Poe finally seemed to notice that Finn and Luke were talking without him, “What’s going on?” “Oh nothing.” Luke said with a wave, “I was just talking with your boyfriend you were ignoring.” “I wasn’t ignoring Finn, sorry was I ignoring you, Finn?” “No you’re fine. I was just talking with Luke.” Leia joined in there, “Don’t go try stealing Poe’s boyfriend, Luke.” Luke rolled his eyes, “One time, one time!” “You stole someone’s boyfriend?” BeeBee asked eagerly. Poe made a show of protectively throwing a possessive arm around Finn and said scandalously, “Mr Luke! I never.” “I didn’t steal anyone’s boyfriend. I only tried, a little, because I didn’t know because someone had a secret boyfriend.” Everyone looked at Leia. “First of all, Luke, it wasn’t a secret I just hadn’t told anyone yet!” Everyone at the table erupted into questions which Leia waved off, “Now why are we trying to embarrass me and Luke when we should be embarrassing Poe in front of his boyfriend?” If the conversation would have been a vehicle it would have skidded from 60 miles an hour to a complete stop then sped into reverse. “No.” Was all Poe weakly protested before everyone began sharing their favorite embarrassing stories. Finn’s side were aching by the end of the meal and Poe’s face had gone what Finn was assuming permanently red. They finished dinner and Finn made an offer to help clean up but everyone refused to let him help at all. Poe walked him to the door and they stood in the foyer. Poe and Finn stepped in close and Poe whispered, “That went perfectly! Leia really liked you so she’ll totally want to go to dinner with us when I ask her.” Finn grinned, “Great ask her and you guys pick the date and place and we’ll bring you know who.” Poe nodded, “Cool. And I only had to totally destroy my dignity for it.” Finn laughed, “No! I loved this. You seemed way too real before I like this better.” Poe wrinkled his nose, “Real?” “You know like real person. But you're clearly actually a disaster.” Finn said. “Thanks!” Poe laughed. “No no no I just it's way more relatable.” “Yeah pasta sauce hair. Very relatable.” Finn grinned and opened the door, “Alright, I’ll talk to you later.” The cold air and Finn let out an ‘oof’, “Dang it got cold out. Should have brought my jacket.” Poe looked around then said, “You wanna borrow the sweatshirt?” “I think I’ll pass.” Finn said “Fair.” Poe replied and leaned out the door as Finn stepped out onto the stoop, “Let me know what H---” Finn froze looking behind Poe’s shoulder, “RD’s coming into the Foyer.” “Shit.” Poe caught himself and then grabbed Finn’s shoulder and pulled him back into whispering distance, “Did he hear?” “No I think we’re good.” Finn lifted his voice, “Good night, Poe.” “Night.” Poe said releasing Finn’s shoulder. “Oh don't not kiss on my account I'm just heading upstairs.” RD called at them both. Poe and Finn both stopped and stared at each other wide eyed. “Sorry, sorry didn't meant to ruin the mood, go on don't be such prudes!” RD called heading up the stairs. They both nodded at each other to affirm they both understood they weren’t getting out of this one then Finn reached forward pulling Poe further out the door. They met halfway in a smooth motion, two short kisses. Finn ignored the way they had absolutely no problem instantly finding a matching pace and comfortable angle to fit together in. Or how badly his face was heating up. They stepped back and Finn let go of Poe’s shoulder. Finn flinched when the cold air met the back of his neck which he hasn't even noticed Poe had put his hand on. Finn straightened and played it casual as if this was all part of the plan. It was, technically. “See you later.” Finn said proud of how even his tone was. “R-right,” Poe cleared his throat, running a hand over the bottom of his face, “Bye.” Chapter 5 : The Bar When Finn got home from Leia’s house Rey wasn’t back from the garage yet. He lay down on the couch and opened his Family Law book but didn't actually progress besides reading the same paragraph over and over. Rey knocked into the living area an hour later and excitedly settled onto the couch, “How’d it go? How’d it go?” “Uh it went great.” “Why the uh?” “No reason.” “Give me the play by play then.” So Finn did recounting the evening step by step only pausing before he got to the part with Luke scaring him to hand her his business card, “Oh before I get to this part have this.” Rey took the card and read it for a millisecond before demanding, “You’re kidding me!” “What?” “Luke Skywalker! Was he there?” “Yeah he said email him about robotics or whatever you nerds talk about.” “No way!” “What yeah.” Finn protested. “He’s a literal legend! Why was he there?” “He's Leia’s brother I guess?” “This is so cool Finn!” Rey cried running to her room clearly to work on something suitably impressive enough to email Mr Skywalker about. “You’re welcome!” Rey came running back out, “Thank you! AND, the uhm explained. Quickly.” “It’s embarrassing.” “More embarrassing than the pasta sauce thing?” Finn couldn’t argue with that so with the new frame in mind he explained what happened at the door. Rey shrugged, “I don’t see the uhm?” “I don’t know. It might be awkward?” “Why?” “Because that’s how it is sometimes, robo-lady!” Finn said defensively. “So you’re worried it’ll be awkward, that’s all you’re worried about?” “Yes!” “Mhmmmmm I don’t think so, personally. I’d think about that if I were you.” Rey said and went back into her room. Finn shrugged. He was pretty sure he was just worried it’d be awkward, He grabbed his textbook and settled in again. It was another ten minutes or so when his phone started ringing. He looked at it vibrating on the coffee table and saw it was Poe. He mentally took a second to freak out, Poe had never called him before so maybe it was an emergency? Had Leia figured out the plan? He picked up, “Hello?” “Hey! Finn?” Said an un-Poe voice. “Yes?” “It’s BeeBee!” “Oh hey.” Finn said not sounding any less confused. “What’re you doing?” “Nothing? I mean studying but not really at this point.” Rey head had stuck out her door meaning she was sitting on the floor by the door like she always did. She tilted her giant stereo headphones off one ear curiously. Finn stuck his her tongue out at her. “We’re going out with our friends and I thought I’d ask if you want to come? I mean you’ve met the family you’re basically our best friend now.” “Oh uh maybe where are you guys going?” “It’s a pub on 21st.” “That’s kinda far from here and the bus-” “We’ll come get you!” BeeBee offered. “Well I mean in that case… where’s Poe by the way?” “In the shower for the obvious pasta sauce related reasons.” “Okay… well uhm I mean if you guys want to come all the way here to get us?” “Us?” BeeBee asked excitedly. “Sorry, I just assumed… my roommate could come?” “The more the merrier! I love friends.” BeeBee said. “Great… uh just let me know when you’re on the way?” “You got it!” BeeBee said and then hung up. Rey’s eyebrows were raised, “What?” “Uhm… we got invited out. And I said yes with you consulting you so you can back out if you want.” “Where, who, why?” “Pub, BeeBee, I don’t know? Friendship?” “Who’s BeeBee?” “Right sorry I never really actually told you about everybody at Leia’s. BeeBee is Poe’s friend.” “Ah.” “Ah what?” “Nothing,” Finn’s phone went off a half hour later with another call. “Finn?” Poe’s voice asked this time. “Hey!” “We’re on our way assuming you actually want to go. You don’t have to say yes just because BeeBee bothered you insistently--- Ow! Bee!” “No getting out will be fun! Rey is coming too.” “Well alright we’ll be there in fifteen.” Poe and BeeBee got there exactly when they said they would and drove them over to the Pub on 21st. Several other people were waiting for them and Poe ran the gambit of introductions entirely too quickly for Finn and Rey to actually remember names but everyone took them into the group quickly. Two hours into the evening and BeeBee had attached to the hip of Rey who was over competitively playing pool with a brunette Finn thought was named Jess while Finn was arguing jokingly about football with a guy who’s name he hadn’t caught at all. “You can’t like them! You can’t… they’re evil! They’re actually evil.” The man sputtered while Finn laughed. The guy looked at Poe, “Poe how can you… abide this nonsense?” “It’s just sports, man.” Finn and the guy both groaned. That got Poe and the guy started on arguing about that while Finn went up to the bar to order another drink. He pulled out his phone while waiting for the bartender, he opened his email and was reading it when Poe slid up to the bar next to him. “What’s the frown for?” “Nothing.” Finn said quickly. “Not trouble I hope?” “Nah only trouble here is you, I expect.” Poe let out a laugh, “Oh really? That what you think? Because the way I see it I think if anyone is trouble it’s gotta be you.” “Oh? Yeah?” Finn asked about the thrown in a tidy banter when the bartender slid his drink to him. Finn turned to grab the drink and thank the guy when he turned around he nearly bumped straight into Poe. He hadn’t realized how close they’d been standing. Finn cleared his throat and pointed at a basketball arcade game in the corner, “Want to play?” “Sure buddy.” Poe smiled, Poe had won two games and so had Finn so they were getting competitive now. Finn sunk another basket during his round shouting, “You see that!” He sunk another as the clock climbed down on Finn’s round. Poe started elbowing Finn in the side playfully trying to throw off his shot. “Cheating!” Finn said but sunk another shot. Poe was laughing right in his ear as he poked and pushed at him. Finn grinned brightly as the buzzer went off with still a respectable amount of points on the game. Finn turned his head still smiling and knocked his head straight into Poe’s face which was apparently right by his shoulder. “Ow!” They both shouted. “Sorry!” Finn and Poe said at the same time. Poe grinned then and shook his head, “Trying to knock me out? Who is cheating now?” Finn shook his head, “Oh no no that was definitely karmic retribution for you cheating!” “Sure it is!” Poe said grabbing the basketball and going to play. Finn ended up winning but he did sneak up behind Poe and dropped an ice cube down the back of shirt. Finn had gone to the bathroom after that mostly to hide from any immediate revenge for the ice cube thing. He was about to walk out and had cracked the door. Bee’s voice drifted in, “---So what you don't like him?” Finn stopped to listen. “No! I do but I mean what's the point Bee? We’re leaving in two weeks for that national campaign so what's the point?” Finn opened the door more properly and both voices stopped. Finn sidled out but both of them had already moved out the hallway. Finn had to admit he was curious. Who were they talking about? Not twenty minutes later everyone started drifting home. Poe drove them back to the house. Bee lived in Poe’s building which was on the way Poe just dropped Bee off first. They got to the house and Rey had jumped out before the car had even stopped shouting, “GOTTA PEE!” Finn climbed out more sedately behind her and leaned down to look in the open passenger window, “Thanks for the ride!” “No problem, buddy!” Finn nodded and then decided to add, “So I kinda overheard your and Bee talking about some person you're interested in?” Poe sputtered his face flushing. “Maybe after Leia and Han we can help you out with that?” Finn suggested laughing. Poe shook his head and let out a disbelieving laugh, “You didn't hear the entire conversation?” “Just the end, why?” “No reason. I am good I don't need your help.” Finn laughed, “Okay hot shot.” Poe was still sort of sputtering so Finn just said, “Alright thanks for the ride.” “Right good night Finn.” Finn went upstairs and ignored how inexplicably and suddenly cranky he was. It was no big deal, Poe liking someone and not wanting to tell him about. It wasn't like they were actually dating. It wasn't like they even really knew each other. They weren't even friends really. In fact it wasn't even worth thinking about. The final phase of the plan was simply, Poe would take Leia to a restaurant downtown at 6:00. Finn and Rey would bring Han to the same restaurant at 6:15 and they’d bring them all together and bam, ‘oh no how’d this happen!’ and bam ROMANCE. Han got into the car with only a lot of complaining and drove them downtown only grumbling a lot about how out of the way you ‘hot shot’ kids had to take them for dinner and Finn did need to try so hard to ‘impress his boyfriend he already caught the guy’. Han also parked with barely a harsh word besides the several about the lack of parking downtown because ‘you know where’s there’s always parking? The restaurants by the trailer park’. Finn and Rey just smiled and nodded indulgently every time he complained which should have been his first clue something was off. The plan was going swimmingly when they got to the same block as the restaurant which apparently had a completely floor to roof glass front and the host had sat Poe and Leia right at a table in the front. Han took one look at the restaurant and despite Finn’s quick attempt to block his view zeroed in on Leia as if his eyes were magnetized to do so. Poe and Leia were completely oblivious chatting happily. Han immediately stopped and flung an accusatory finger at the two of them. “I KNEW you two were up to something!” He shook that finger and instantly turned to stomp off. “No Han wait come on!” Han spun back around and he actually looked properly angry this time, “I told you all to leave this alone!” Finn and Rey actually both got left a bit speechless because as blustery as Han always was he was never ever actually mad at them. “Han…” “No! Stop it! You two…” He grunted angrily and stomped off. Finn sighed, “Crap.” Rey frowned, “I hate to say it but---” “Don’t.” Finn said, “I’m going to go and apologize, can you go tell Poe what happened?” “Are you sure I shouldn’t---” “No let me this is my fault.” “You hate getting yelled at though.” “Thanks Rey but I’ll take this one. Go talk to Poe and Leia.” Finn said trying to sound more confident than he felt. Rey grabbed his hand and squeezed a second before heading towards the doors which Finn appreciated immensely. It took an hour on the bus to get to the trailer park but Finn figured that give time for Han to cool off. Hopefully Chewie was home, that’d calm Han down a bit too. Luck was not with Finn on the Chewie front when he let himself in. Han was angrily knocking about the kitchen and glared at Finn when he came in. “Hey…” Finn said Han continued to glare. “I’m sorry, we’re both sorry.” “You shouldn’t have done that!” “I’m sorry Han but… I don’t know it seemed like you missed her and I don’t know I thought it’d be nice but I knew you’d never agree.” Han sighed, “Good intentions or not, you shouldn’t have done it!” “I’m really really sorry.” Han didn’t answer. “I didn’t know the whole story and I shouldn’t have lied to you.” Han shrugged, “Alright kid calm down.” “Really?” Finn asked slightly less miserably. “Yeah, shut it kid.” Finn beamed at him. “Whatever! I’m still mad at you two though. You could have… you don’t know why Leia and I… what if we broke up because I was a psycho stalker boyfriend huh?” “I know!” Han’s voice raised, “You can’t just go around always messing around Finn! And you certainly can’t go around lying to people to do what you think is right!” “You’re right!” Finn shouted. They fell silent for a solid minute. Han leaned against the counter and said, “I might have overreacted a little. Hope I didn’t screw things up with your boyfriend.” “No Han that was part of the lie! Poe’s not really my boyfriend.” “Someone should have told him that. Someone should have told you that.” Finn frowned at Han, “What?” “You heard what I said.” Finn sighed and looked at his shoes crossing his arms, “It’s not… Well whatever it doesn’t matter because you’re right Han! I’ve got to stop messing around.” “What do you mean?” Han asked, “Why do I feel like we’re talking about something else now?” “Because we are! I got offered a job at my internships main office in another city and I’ve been avoiding making a decision about it but I’ve got to make a decision and I think I just did.” “You’re going to take it?” Han asked, “But you hate it there.” “I think you’d be the first person to tell me being an adult isn’t about doing what you love!” Finn said, “Anyways it doesn't matter.” Han’s eyebrows had collapsed over his eyes. “But this isn’t about me this is about me apologizing and I’m sorry.” “It’s fine… Finn.” Han grimaced, “I just… it’s not that I don’t want to see her it’s that she doesn’t want to see me.” “Don’t make decisions for me, Han Solo.” Grumbled a voice from the door and Leia, crossed armed was leaning against the door frame. Han and Finn both jumped. Leia raised a brow, “You still have this piece of junk?” “It’s a classic!” Han protested. Finn frowned, “Leia, I’m sorry… did Rey?” “The young woman told us all about it and apologized profusely and made sure to ask I didn’t mention this to Luke as she’d very much like to apply for a job at Skywalker Labs.” Finn and Han both rolled their eyes, of course she had. “I accepted the apology and assured her Luke would only be more likely to give her a job if he heard the story.” Han snorted. “Should I? I’m going to go.” “Yeah get out of here kid.” Finn waved at the both of them and hustled out out of there. I Chapter 6 : Tables Turned Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Finn walked home from the trailer trying not to think about that entire disaster of an evening or his internship or his job offer. He concentrated hard on his project due next week until he got home and collapsed face first on the couch. An hour later Rey came in. “That wasn't as bad as I expected.” She declared loudly. Finn groaned into the couch. “Did Han yell a lot? I’ll fight him if he yelled at you a lot you know I will!” “He didn't yell that much.” “Leia wasn’t really mad either. She went over there actually I think. She didn't say but Poe thought she was.” “She got there when I was leaving.” “I hate to admit it but you were right. I think Han and Leia really do still love each other.” Finn just grunted. “I just said you were right. Finn?” Rey asked, “I just said you were RIGHT.” “I heard you.” Rey came over and draped herself over Fin her face pressed into his shoulder, “What is wrong dude? You're sadder than that time your forgot to hand in your final assignment on time and they deducted an automatic twenty points off.” “It's nothing.” “Yeah okay sure this is normal fine behavior.” “I'm just… stupid.” “If you were stupid I wouldn't hang out with you.” Rey said, “I have high standards.” Finn grumbled, “I’m just going to go to bed.” “Okay.” Rey said letting him up. Finn got up and went to his room. Rey went to her own room to keep tinkering on her project to show Mr Skywalker. She fell asleep on the floor with a screwdriver in her hand until her phone started going off at 7am. She woke up with a start and answered without thinking, “Hello?” “I’m sorry did I wake you up?” Asked the voice on line. “Yes,” Rey said annoyed, “Who is this?” “Luke.” “I don't know a Luke.” Rey said angrily. “I’m Leia’s brother, Luke Skywalker. We have a mutual friend in Poe Dameron?” Rey swore and sat up so fast she kicked the door hard enough to put a mark on it. “Mr Skywalker!” Rey shouted, “Crap! Hello! Hi. I'm Rey.” Luke chuckled, “Hello Rey, Leia asked me to call and see if you were free to come over to her home today.” “Um… why?” Rey asked. “A secret! Actually. Would you be willing to come?” “I guess?” Rey said, “This isn't weird or freaky at all.” “Great! I will send you the address. When will you be available?” “Uh 7pm?” “Fantastic. We will see you then. Oh! And don't tell Finn please.” “Right… great. See you then.” Rey echoed before hanging up confused. Today was going to be weird that much was obvious. “Finn, let's talk.” Said the cool voice of his internship director. Finn jumped up out of his desk, straightened his tie and followed the tall blonde woman to her office. Phasma sat down and gestured for Finn to do so. “So have you made a decision about the job at our corporate office?” Finn nodded, “I have and I would like to take it.” Phasma smiled, “Good. You've made the right choice to work as a paralegal for us.” Finn smiled but he could feel it twitching at the corner, “Thank you all so much for this opportunity.” Rey was leaving when Finn got home from the grocery store. “Where are you going?” Finn asked, “Are you getting food? I’m so hungry.” “I’m going out.” Rey said. “Out?” Finn asked. “Yes it's like this here indoors but out instead.” Rey said pulling her messenger bag onto her shoulder. Finn just stared dumbfounded at her as she opened the door. “Okay.” “I’ll be back later!” “Right…” Rey took the bus to a nice neighborhood and found Senator Organa’s house. She went to knock but it opened before she could touch it. “Hello!” Said the older man, “Come on in. Everyone is in the dining room.” “Everyone?” Rey asked following the guy in nervously. She had her nightstick on her so it was fine. This guy was like 60. She could take him. Rey walked into a dining room full of people. “Rey!” Bee yelled, “You made it.” Han, Chewie, Leia, and Bee were at the head of the table while a freakishly thin man, a small man were there too. The grey bearded man sat down next to them. “Hi Bee,” Rey said, “Han what's going on?” “Welcome to the war room.” Said the small man answered instead of Han. “We gotta talk.” Chewie said at the same time everyone started talking together. Senator Organa raised her hand and everyone fell silent, “Rey, hello again, how about some introductions?” “Okay.” “You know us but that there is Pio and next to him is RD. The grey bearded hippie right there is my brother Luke.” Rey blinked. “Han what's going on?” She repeated. Han sighed, “We gotta talk about the kid.” “The kid?” “Finn.” Leia said rolling her eyes at Han, “I’m to understand he's thinking of taking a job at Snoke’s law firm.” “Yeah he mentioned it---” Rey started. “Ugh that law firm is the fucking worst!” Bee cried throwing her hands up. “Bee, language!” Pio scolded. “Yeah watch your shitty mouth.” RD said. “RD.” Luke and Leia said warningly in unison. Han’s eyes were going to roll right out of his head. Chewie looked absolutely ecstatic to be there. “Finn cannot take a job there.” Han said, “It’ll kill the kid. They really are terrible. Pay their paralegals nothing and work them to death. Drive them to mental breakdowns.” Leia reached up and gave Han a little pat on the arm. “I mean it's his decision.” Rey said weakly because she agreed but wanted to give Finn control over his own life. “He doesn't even like his internship.” Han blustered. “But that's not the only thing we’re here to talk about.” Leia said. “Oh really?” Rey asked. “It's Poe too.” Bee said. “Poe?” Han slammed a hand on the table, “I think they should get a bit of their own medicine.” Rey smiled, slowly and a little evilly, “That I can get behind.” “Leia and Luke why don't you tell Rey your plan?” Leia and Luke both grinned in exactly the same mischievous way. “Our pleasure.” They said together. “I hate when they do that.” Han muttered. Poe was booking multiple hotels in every large city in every battleground state for the next few year and was getting a little crossed eyed from dialing phone numbers and comparing online booking deals. “Bee my eyes are going to dry up right out of my head.” Poe whined. “Me too.” Bee sighed from the desk across the office, “When can we leave?” “When her highness says we can go.” “Don't let her hear you call her that.” RD said sweeping in, “But she's already left so.” “She left?” Poe shouted, “She just left?” “Yes she's allowed. She's the boss.” Poe grunted. “What crawled up your butt and died?” RD asked. “RD just don't.” Poe said testily, “I’m just tired. I'm going home and going to bed at like 8:30.” “Ah misspent youth.” RD sighed sitting on top of Poe’s desk knocking over stack of papers. “RD.” Poe groused, “Come on.” “You really are cranky.” RD said, leaning forward and staring Poe in the eye, “One might say jilted perhaps?” “Jilted? Where are you from 1893?” “You know what this youth needs, Bee?” RD asked leaning back and tilting his head to the side. “What RD?” “A drink!” “Oo yes!” Bee shouted. “I’m so tired you guys, I think I'll pass.” RD and Bee both started making a bizarre high pitched whining noise. Poe clapped his hands over his ears. They didn't stop. “Oh my god alright!” Poe finally relented. RD and Bee both smiled triumphantly. “I wanna try this new bar. It's on Marshall.” “That's like across town.” Poe said. “I’ll drive!” RD offered. Poe tried to pretend that idea didn't terrify me. RD was an insane driver. They survived the drive and the three walked in. “It's like deserted in here.” Poe said, “Is this place new?” “I think so.” RD said sliding onto a bar stool with a smile. Finn had gotten home from his late class and changed into comfy clothes. He wanted nothing more to do than to eat a bowl of cereal and watch whatever was on tv at 8pm on a Tuesday. Finn slumped onto the couch when his cellphone started going off. Han’s name accompanied by a blurred picture of Han’s hand pushing the phone camera out of his face when Finn had tried to take a contact picture was on the screen. “Han?” “Kid I need you down here right now!” Han’s completely panicked voice said. “What? Han what's wrong?” “Just get down to 951 Marshall street! Now!” “I’ll be right there!” Finn shouted running to the door and putting his shoes on before throwing the door shut behind him. Marshall wasn't far so Finn ran the entire way. Han was just standing on the sidewalk with Leia. “Han what's wrong?” Finn shouted as he ran up. Han smiled, “It's an emergency.” “What?” Finn screamed. “You've got a date.” Finn slid to a stop, “What?” “You’ve got a date.” Han said slower. Finn felt his entire body go hot, “ARE YOU KIDDING ME?” Han actually looked taken aback. “I thought you were having a HEART ATTACK YOU YOU… OLD MAN!” “Good insult.” Han finally said. “SHUT UP!” Finn snapped. “Mr Finn,” Leia said. “Yes ma’am!” Finn said still half shouting. “Take a deep breath.” She commanded. Finn obliged. “Feeling better?” “No.” “Well too bad inside you go.” She said and opened the door. Finn was too stunned to do anything else but listen so he went inside. “Oh! That's our cue to leave.” Said a voice loudly. RD and Bee were both sitting in a completely deserted bar with Poe in between them. “Bye!” Bee said, RD and Bee both practically running out of the bar past Finn, “Hi Finn! Bye Finn!” The door slammed shut behind them. “What is going on?” Poe asked. Finn opened his mouth to say he didn't know either and then the realization dawned on him, “Those rat finks!” Finn fumbled his phone of out his pocket and dialed Rey. He put her on speaker. “Hello dear roommate, dinners all paid for by the way.” Rey said before he could say anything. Poe’s eyebrows rose then fell and he said, “Oh! This is Leia’s revenge isn't it? I knew she wasn't angry enough!” “Yeah what a horrible revenge. Free dinner.” Rey said sarcastically, “Your lives are so hard. Have fun goodbye.” Finn stuffed his phone back in his pocket and frowned down at his sweatpants and tshirt, “Good thing this place doesn't have a dress code I guess.” Poe smiled, “I came straight from work. Bee and RD were insistent.” “Han called me and I thought he was having a heart attack. I ran all the way here!” Poe laughed, “What an asshole!” “I’m so mad.” Finn said before letting out a huff. They stood in a slightly awkward silence for a few seconds. Then Finn grinned, evilly. “Let's rack up a ridiculously expensive dinner bill on them.” He said. Poe grinned back, “That is the best plan I've ever heard. Let’s pick a table.” By the end of their meal the bill was 200 dollars which Finn and Poe both felt was pretty good revenge. “So,” Poe said afterwards as they stood outside, “Uh, so I hate to do this, well no I don't but like I do, because they're all going to be like so insufferable but I don't like hate to do this…” “Poe?” Finn interrupted, “would you like to go on a completely voluntarily non-trickery involved date with me sometime?” “Yes. I’d like that very much.” Poe grinned, “That’s what I was trying to ask.” “I figured,” Finn smiled. Finn’s phone started going off. He frowned and grabbed it but it was a number he didn't recognize. He went to press ignore but Poe said, “That’s Leia’s number.” “Really?” Finn said, “I guess I should pick this up then? Hello?” “Mr Finn, I trust your date went well?” “Uh yes.” “Assuming it is over.” Finn felt hot his ears go hot, “Yes.” “Good! Then I'd like to discuss a job opportunity with you.” Leia said the grin clear in her voice. “Really?” “Yes, I think we’re about to all have a wonderful long partnership.” Finn glanced at Poe who was watching him talk on the phone curiously, “Yeah I think we are.” Notes: I appreciate everyone's wonderful comments on this story and I deeply apologize for the fact it took me over six months to get that very last chapter up! Wow time really got away from me.