summer 2016 - begin when life gives you lemons, just say 'fuck the lemons' and bail. saturday, june 14, 2016 anyone wanna go to the waterpark? or grab a drink? or stick your feet in some ice water? or, well... anything cold? all comments (2) "maybe they should start actually cooling these cans," poe had said to him when he was wrestling with the tab on a can of 7 up. his feet were planted firmly on the seat and he was trying to ignore how hot it was as the sun glared down on them both. "if you keep shaking it, it's gonna burst all over you," kylo reminded him, leaning back against the burning wood of the park bench. his shirt was glued to him with sweat and if he squinted he thought he could see the bushes in the distance wobbling slightly from the heat. there was a hiss as the can finally opened, and poe made a noise of success. kylo looked at him in envy as he took a swig. poe had this annoying habit of looking like someone from a coca-cola advert whenever he drank something canned. it was really, really, really hot, far too hot for them to be sat out here, and either one of them had made enough dumb sexual jokes about clothing sticking to skin to take them to the ends of the earth and back but it was just too much. the late-afternoon, four-PM heat was pressing onto kylo like a blanket, smothering him. he could feel sweat running down his face and he wished it would rain or snow or... something. they both decided to skip the end of class and go to the mall like two teenagers, buying shit they didn't even need. kylo got them both kicked out of the walmart because he crashed into a display of soup cans while riding the shopping cart and poe had spent enough money on sushi to end up in debt for the rest of the foreseeable future. and now here they were, sitting on a sticky park bench, staring at the sky. poe finished half the drink and threw the can into the trash. they both watched as it arced through the air. "it's like a satellite," kylo said as the can made a graceful decent into the trashcan with a heavy clunk . "a corporate satellite, man." poe said as he stood up to stretch. his vest top rose up a little at the waist, exposing the band of his calvins. kylo rolled his eyes and leaned over, reaching into his backpack to pull out his ipod and headphones. he rose carefully to his feet, wincing at how hot the soles of his sneakers were. taking a few tentative steps, he slapped poe on the shoulder and squished an earbud into his ear. there was a pause between them as kylo scrolled through his music library and poe wiggled around. "isn't every satellite corporate?" kylo asked, and poe looked at him. "you know, like... the sbs?" kylo prodded. poe let his arms swing down to his sides again. a cyclist rode by them in the distance. "forget it. see you around, dameron." kylo said, turning to walk away. "catch you later, ren!" poe cried back. "do you want the chocolate or the vanilla shake?" kylo asked down the phone, rummaging in his backpack for his wallet. "vanilla. no, chocolate! do they come with anything?" his sister's voice came through, and kylo sighed, transferring the phone to his other ear as he awkwardly zipped up his backpack and squinted at the menu board. "whipped cream and chocolate flakes. no, or chocolate flakes. but 'and' is an option as well," he replied. the milkshake place was filled with college kids and tweens and twenty-somethings and the woman behind the counter looked like she was about to have a nervous breakdown at the length of the queue, and the girls behind kylo could not have been talking any more ear-splittingly loudly, and he was pretty sure he'd stepped in gum earlier since it was not normal for your shoe to stick to the floor every time you tried to move. and now his sister wanted a milkshake, of all things. she isn't even picking a good milkshake , kylo thought sulkily as the queue moved forwards. "chocolate milkshake with cream and flakes!" she garbled down the receiver, and kylo noted it down mentally. "keep it frosty!" "right. why am i doing this again?" he asked, praying he wouldn't get their orders mixed up, or worse, drop them on the way home. "because i'm your sister and you have to do this or i'll tell mum you have weird porn on your laptop." there was an unspoken rule between them to not mention That One Time where she had caught kylo looking at a buffy porn parody to their parents unless it was under the most dire circumstances. it would just be like rey to set up some grand plot that ended in kylo's utter humiliation and him getting his ass kicked, so he sighed. "fine. see you in half an hour. what's for dinner again?" "roast chicken and salad, i think. mum said we can just have chips with it if we don't want salad. also, you have to sit with us. and it's my turn with netflix tonight." rey announced proudly. "please don't make me sit through some shitty action movie again. i can't handle it," kylo pleaded. this was true, because he had been forced into watching fast and furious enough times to remember the script off by heart. "don't be stupid. we'll watch a rom-com instead!" rey said cheerfully, and ended the call before he could yell at her. kylo blinked and shoved his phone back in his pocket, trudging up to the counter to place his order. at least he could attempt to fight her for the remote when he got home. kylo managed to get the milkshakes home without some major disaster occurring, and he threw a pebble at rey's window so she could answer the door and he could come in. he set the milkshakes down on the staircase and motioned for her to stay quiet as he slid off his shoes and backpack. handing her the milkshake, he nodded. rey made it up the first few steps before they heard han call, "ben? that you?" from the living room. rey froze and turned back to her brother, her eyes comically wide as kylo pulled a face and motioned for her to stand against the wall. kylo picked the cup up and strolled into the hallway, jauntily sliding around the doorframe to greet his parents, who were curled up together on the sofa. "hel- lo , mom and dad!" he said cheerfully, taking a sip of his milkshake to almost emphasize how he knew what deep shit he was going to be in. it wasn't that his parents would be mad at him for buying milkshakes; they would just be mad because he hadn't bought them milkshakes. and that it also counted as snacking before meals. leia gave him The Look. "are you eating before dinner?" she asked, and kylo withered. "technically-" slurp. "-this isn't food. and i bought it, like, thirty whole minutes ago so it's had time to settle in," he defended himself. kylo stirred the mixture with his straw. "right, dad?" "don't bring me into this," han said, completely relaxed. kylo wondered how he did that sort of thing. they were watching a rerun of the tonight show. karlie kloss was guesting, kylo noticed. "did you buy your sister one too?" leia asked, and kylo saw the vaguest flicker of a smirk play across her face and his stomach felt at ease once again. "no," he murmured, and then stifled a snort when rey poked her head around the door, milkshake in hand. leia smiled at them both. "one time," she said. "next week, you can order them in after dinner." "oh my god , rey. can we watch literally anything else?" kylo moaned, scraping his fork against his empty plate. he was stretched out on the second couch, rey curled up at the other end, cycling through her netflix queue. she hit him in the knee with the remote. " no . it's my night tonight," she replied, focusing intently on the screen. "you had your night on monday and wasted it." kylo groaned and bounced off the couch, grabbing his tray to take it into the kitchen. placing it on the counter, he poked his head round the doorframe and said, "i'll be upstairs if anyone wants me," before grabbing some cereal and beginning the trek upstairs. he stepped over rey's converse, didn't knock over han's cds, and skipped over leia's laptop. the ladder to his bedroom was wide open, and he climbed up before folding it in and shutting the door. if there was ever a fire up here, he'd be fucked since he lived in the attic. rey had wanted the biggest room, and so had he, so they compromised by her getting the room and him getting a space up in the clouds. he liked it up here; there was a balcony, with a brilliant view of the cityscape. he slept on a (very comfy) mattress with mounds of pillows, and could reach his radio and tv and lamp easily. there was space for his laptop and a few chairs and a suitcase coffee table, his record player and boxes of vinyl that sat tucked away against his desk. best of all - there were enough stacks of paper and art supplies to make a store. he'd tacked posters and fairy lights up over the ceiling. there was a big, round window to let the light in. kylo liked it a lot . he flumped down on his mattress, tugging off his shirt and jeans and throwing them with the mound of clothes on his floor (he'd clean up one day), grabbing a spoon from the cereal bowl on his desk and shoving lucky charms into his mouth as he leaned over to his radio to turn it on and let music fill the room. something by outkast began to play as he took a few more spoons of cereal and tugged on his pyjama pants, placing the box to the side and standing up to check his phone. the sunset glowed into his room as he became more aware of the rhythm of the song. " ain't nobody dope as me ," kylo murmured, letting his voice weave in and out as he scrolled through his messages. poe asking about his art coursework, finn sending him facebook memes, phamsa asking him if he wanted to hang out next weekend. kylo threw his phone on his bed and flopped down, hugging his pillow as he bobbed his head in time to the song. the sun felt ten times better on his back than it had this morning, and kylo decided he wanted to enjoy it more. he keeled upward again, walking over to the doors that separated him and the rest of chicago before wrenching them open and sighing at the blast of cool air that greeted him. he strolled out, looking at the skyline like one would a lover. the roads beneath him glowed with action and across the way he could see somebody working at their computer, or watching tv, or standing on their balcony, staring down at the entire city spread out below them. the music filtered through behind him as he drank this feeling in. kylo waved at the person across from him, and they waved back. Chapter 2 Summary: song: in too deep - sum 41 this song is called get the gang together its about getting the gang together. sunday, june 15, 2016 hangs w/ poe tonight, watching the hills have eyes, hostel, & silent hill. love this guy. nevermind he just threw popcorn at me goddammit. poe: this is terrible poe: who texts like that kylo: shes covered in blood kylo: i dont think grammar is the first thing on her mind poe: you'd know all about grammar wouldnt you? kylo: of course kylo: i graduated best top in my class all comments (1) phasma was doing this thing where she would stand in front of hux and immediately make him feel diminutive, and it wasn't just because he was sitting down and she was an amazon who towered over him. "phasmaaaaa-aaaaa-aaaaa." hux groaned, jabbing another key on his laptop. "can't you see i'm trying to work?" "jessika told me you're in need of a boyfriend," she said, flopping on the bed next to him. hux winced as his laptop nearly slid off his knees. he didn't have to look at phasma to know she was doing that half-smile that she always did when she knew she was right. so what if she was? there was nothing wrong with wanting a-- "well, jessika is obviously a filthy liar, because i never said anything about wanting a boyfriend," hux said a bit too quickly. he drank some iced tea to try and cool his burning face down, suddenly very interested in the use of colour in kubrick's the shining. phasma twirled a tassle from his pillow round on her finger as she looked at him. "maybe if you stopped treating your facebook like a diary ," she said, throwing the pillow at him, "the world wouldn't know how lovesick you are." "ow! and i'm not --" hux cut himself off, sighing. he wasn't even in love with anyone. he was just in love with the idea of being in love. seeing random guys in the street and projecting the mechanisms of his heart onto them was not a healthy way to operate. phasma stared at him for a while with something like annoyance in her eyes before sliding off the bed, picking up her bag as she made her way out towards his door. her boots squeaked on the floorboards as she placed her hand on the white wood and paused, turning back to look at him. "hux," she said, and hux looked up momentarily from the white glow of his laptop screen. "yes?" "work on your feelings," and with a wave and a swish she was gone. the day wore on and wore down as hux finished up his paper to print off. eight pages, twenty-k words. "fuck you, kubrick," he murmured as the output tray poured his essay out like water. he waited until it had finished and then collected it up, checked the pages were in order, and stapled it all together, jumping slightly as he felt something warm around his legs. he looked down to see a blur of orange hitched up against his calves. "oh, millie," he said, placing the paper on his desk and behind down to pick his cat up-- "jesus, you're heavy." if asked, hux would say he liked his room. it was a large space, painted all in cream with wood flooring that creaked a little when he moved. his desk sat in front of a big window, the only source of light aside from the chandelier hanging on the ceiling, and on the desk were his sketchbooks, his laptop, his printer, and a few back issues of ap magazine. there was a bookcase next to his door and a walk-in closet on one wall next to his bed. a jackson pollock painting hung above his headboard, a lichtenstein print next to his door. his dirty clothes were folded neatly in his laundry basket. in hux's opinion, the most important part of the room was millie's catbasket next to his desk. she was the last thing he saw when he went to sleep and the first thing he saw waking up. hux liked his room, but to him it was just that - a room. he slept and worked and relaxed here. there was a difference between his room and a bedroom. hux wouldn't have noticed - no, wouldn't have cared - if someone tore down the wallpaper around him to expose the bare brick insides and ripped up the floorboards beneath him so he fell through. it wouldn't have changed anything. millie suddenly mewing at the door opening jolted hux from his stupor. he turned to see his mother, dressed to the nines, standing in the doorway. "oh-- hey, mum," hux greeted her awkwardly, bending down to drop millie and walking over to her. "darling," she replied, wrinkling her nose at the sight of orange hairs over his t-shirt. "your father and i are going out tonight. we're seeing the kadreys for dinner. we won't be back until late, but there's food downstairs for you." she told him. hux nodded, and moved forwards to hug her, but she stepped back. he let his arms hang, embarassed. "have a good time!" she trilled, simply kissing his cheek before walking away. hux waited until the click of her heels faded, until the door slammed and the car pulled out of the drive. he waited until the house was silent, before going over to his bed and falling onto the duvet. "...i don't want to go! stop asking me!" "chrissake, come on , hux! it'll be fun !" poe chided him down the phone. hux glared and rubbed the bridge of his nose. poe was trying to force him into going to this stupid concert at a local dive bar that hux didn't even want to go to. "why can't you take finn?" he demanded. "because i told you, he's busy ! it's his mom's birthday on the 17th so he's with his family!" poe said, and hux made a noise of frustration. if he'd never met poe dameron, he could have lived a stress-free life. but then... maybe life wouldn't be as sunny. hux sighed, irritated. " fine . i'll go ." poe whooped so loudly he had to hold his phone away from his ear. "but it had better be worth it." "yes! thank you, man!" poe said. "and it'll be totally worth it. do i , poe dameron, ever let you down?" "no," hux huffed, but he was right. "hm! okay, see you at the plaza tomorrow night. dress casual!" poe informed him, and there was a silence as he ended the call. hux breathed out and flopped back on his bed, looking at the bars of sunset slant across his ceiling. they reminded him of ice-cream. millicent purred beside him, clawing at the duvet. he was glad they had air-con here. Chapter 3 Summary: song: the rock show - blink-182 / kylo's 'give 'em hell, kid' can be found here. listen to it while kylo is singing for the full experience. notes (because ao3's formatting is a bitch) gerard way's leather jacket , for those who want the full horrific effect. kylo's shirt is based off the MIKEYFUCKINWAY tshirt. a photo of adam driver wearing eyeliner can be found here for your viewing pleasure. there's only one rock city in the world and it's a sweet music venue in my hometown - some big bands play there. don't stalk me plz. did you trip and fall into your closet and waltz out wearing what you got tangled in? monday, june 16, 2016 i wanted to be the designated driver for tonight but i guess im a stand-in now? who set this up lol -- shouldve taken those singing lessons when i was ten that mom offered to me. ah well theres no turning back the sands of time now. hope im not too rusty. of quintet @ rock city tonight, be there or im removing you from my top 8. jk this isnt myspace. all comments (5) hux tugged his jacket further around his shoulders as he walked next to poe. he was regretting doing this already and they'd only just left hux's place together -- at least it was cooler in there. "i think the earth is actually going to melt," hux panted, wiping his forehead. "like, that's how hot it is right now." "don't be stupid. you're just not used to it because you never go outside!" poe said, throwing his hands behind his head. "i mean, how else do you keep this lily-white complexion so smooth?" he suddenly slapped hux's arm for emphasis, causing the redheaded man to jolt and grimace. they had both left the huxcave (as finn had so charmingly named it -- "because, you know, you're a practical billionaire, and so was bruce wayne. except your parents aren't dead and you didn't make out with anne hathaway.") to walk to the dive bar where of quintet would be playing. hux kept scuffing the toes of his sneakers in the dirt, causing little chalky clouds of dust to rise up and settle until the white tips were smudged beige. poe promised him he would take him straight home after the concert and then wouldn't bug hux for another few weeks. "at least," he had added. hux had just rolled his eyes. the two men were both silent as they walked, the evening sky dyed orange and streaked with pinks and blues to form a multicoloured sunset on the horizon. the paving stones underneath their feet seemed to glow as they walked past houses, cherry blossom branches sighing downwards, trees fringed with glossy leaves, the air perfumed with flowers. hux brushed petals off his forehead, the routine hiss of a garden sprinkler playing in the distance. poe stuck a sprig of freesias behind his ear, buzzing. the town drew closer in the distance, the familiar curve of the roundabout where the dive bar lay pulling into focus as poe jogged down the steps breezily, the purple of the freesias locked into his hair. hux knows from the get-go that something's off; nobody is milling about or standing outside. well, they are relatively early, he supposes, and everybody else could be inside. poe had his hands in his pockets as he stared at the notice on the door, before turning back to hux and throwing his arm out to the side. "venue relocation!" he calls as he runs back. "apparently there was an overcrowding so the band decided to just move. they're at rock city now." hux nods and they set off again, winding between groups of people. the air smells of exhaust fumes and the hot scent of summer and hux kind of misses the flowers as they turn a corner, walking past a deli and a record store and a place that sold eighties clothes. rock city was down a little side street, and hux felt his eyes widen when they came closer. the place was packed ; people were milling outside and pouring into the building, couples were sitting on the steps or talking together, and he was pretty sure a bunch of teenagers (who all seemed to have the same beanie and snakebites) were trying to build a skate ramp from old boxes. hux blinked, taking all of this in, and he felt a tug on his sleeve as poe pulled him along with a "come on!" the venue itself was dark and smelt of sweetness, like vaping smoke. hux blindly followed poe down the neon strip-lit corridor as he said something to the bodyguard and suddenly they were in a much larger room which was filled with people. hux could see a stage and the crew taking down the support act's banners, pinning up of quintet's banners. it was loud, but mostly with chatter instead of cheering. rock music thudded from the speakers as background noise, poe yanking him along by his wrist as they shoved their way to the front. poe was good like that. "how many people are in here?" hux yelled over the noise. poe glanced around, up at the balcony and over the crowd. "around... two thousand? it's at maximum capacity, whatever it is." he said, and hux felt his eyes widen. poe checked his texts and suddenly yelled, "oh my god! fucking-- kylo is their stand-in?!" before hux could ask what he was talking about, the crew walked offstage, and suddenly the lights dropped. there was a split-second silence before everybody surged forwards and hux had to grin at the excitement he was feeling. the blue tinsel and gold fairy lights were strung up at the back of the stage, illuminating their banner as hux saw the rest of the band run out to take the stage. "who's their singer?" he asked, and poe grinned widely. "CHHHHIIII-CAAAAA-GOOOOOO!" there was a sudden yell from the stage, the crowd shrieked, and hux felt his stomach flip, grabbing onto the bar for support. the spotlight threw itself on to their singer and hux had never been so thankful for standing at the front. this guy -- whoever he was -- had black jeans that were just tight enough and a leather jacket that was fucking destroyed -- the right armpit had a hole in it the size of alaska and the left sleeve had fallen off completely. the material was peeling. he had this fucking killer jawline and messy black hair that was wet with sweat as he raked it back off his face. his eyeliner was smudging and hux was pretty sure there was black nail polish on his fingernails. one of his docs was untied and as he flashed a million-dollar grin to the crowd, hux could almost make out the writing on his t-shirt. "oh, now -- THAT'S WHAT I LIKE TO HEAR!" The Guy yelled into the mic. hux's neck hairs were standing on end. "if you came here thinking matt was gonna be performing -- sorry, he's contracted laryngitis--" a few yells from the crowd. "--but, i luckily came in to stand in." The Guy ripped off his jacket suddenly and threw it to the side, and when he spoke he practically growled into the mic-- "my name's kylo ren . thank you all for being here." he laughed and then turned to the guitarist to say something, before nodding and practically throwing himself to the front of the stage as a song began to bubble up behind him. hux could see that he was already wet with sweat. "what i want you to do right now-- is put your FUCKIN' HANDS TOGETHER!!" kylo yelled, spit spraying, and hux began to clap. poe was practically trying to jump over the bar next to him. the guitar riff was dirty and raw, punctuated by the drums, and hux felt electric as kylo sprang about a foot in the air before screaming "OHBABYHERECOMESTHESOUND--" it seemed that when kylo opened his mouth the room exploded like an atom bomb, frenzied particles shooting across the room like bullets as the floor vibrated with a thousand stamping feet. hux couldn't really do anything aside from stand still and be moved by the current of people behind him as he watched kylo run and leap across the stage like he owned the place, blowing kisses and wrapping himself around the mic stand. his voice was rough and deep and strong and hux liked it. he really, really liked it. kylo was a mess of dark blurs and sharp angles and flashes of brown where his eyes stood out among the matted thicket of hair as he spat lyrics like teeth, the crowd crunching them down in hysteria. hux was screaming so loudly he thought his vocal chords would tear as his subconscious suddenly butted in to say that no, no hux, this man is covered in grime and beer and sweat and piss and god knows what else, he's too good for you, he's a walking travesty, what would your parents say? and that last line forced hux to grit his teeth and kick his subconscious in the ass as kylo stood on top of a speaker, cackling, wafting his arms as the song reached its climax. he goaded the room like a preacher as the guitar wailed and kylo grinned, wiping his hair off his face to announce into the mic, "--just 'cause you're bigger than me, just 'cause you're smarter than me, just 'cause you've got a better co-- car than me, does not mean--!! no way, no how--!! i am sucking you off..." he giggled and hux felt his legs tremble. "...for any amount of money." kylo dropped the mic, and the crowd screamed as the lights went down. "oh, man." poe stretched as everybody made their way out after the show, shoving his hands in his pockets and swaggering along happily. hux wondered how he could be so effortlessly calm when he felt as if he'd just witnessed the second coming of christ himself. "that was fuckin' amazing!" "yeah. amazing." hux replied hoarsely. he was thinking about kylo's hands and the way they had held that mic. really not the time , he told himself in embarrassment. he snapped out of his stupor as they approached the dimly-lit bar, edging through the groups of happy, dancing concert-goers to grab two seats. poe ordered a lemonade; hux ordered a water; they both asked for ice. poe was messaging someone on his phone again, smirking at the screen as the string of bubbles got longer. hux sipped his water. it was soothing. "who are you messaging?" he called over the thudding music. "kylo," poe replied, and hux's everything tightened. "he said he'd meet me here after the show, and according to this he has--" he scrolled to the bottom of the log. "--just left the bathroom and will be here any minute, no doubt smelling of glitter and sweat." "are you, like, friends with this guy? 'cause it seems like you are," hux said as casually as he could muster. "me and kylo? oh yeah, we've been friends for years," poe smiled, and hux's jaw dropped. he closed it again, just as poe shouted, "oh! kylo! hey, man!" "hey!" kylo said easily, drifting into the seat next to hux like a cloud blown in on a summer's breeze. he was sweaty, and his eyeliner was smudged to hell and back, and his t-shirt - quite clearly printed with the words KYLO FUCKIN' REN - was stuck to his body, outlining his muscles. without thinking, hux gently tugged at it so it loosened and then dropped his hand. kylo smiled at him and his stomach twisted. he could feel his entire face going red. kylo leaned in front of him and made conversation with poe as hux tried to calm himself down. kylo smelt of roses and smokewood. "who's this?" and kylo's eyes were suddenly on him. hux twitched uncomfortably as he said, "i'm hux." and kylo grinned and hux finally understood what people meant when they said someone's smile could light up a room. his heart ached as poe stood up suddenly, tapping hux's shoulder to get his attention. "huxy -- i'm leaving now. you can get home on your own, right?" poe asked him, almost motherly in his concern. hux nodded, and he grinned. "excellent! thanks so much for coming, man -- told you you'd enjoy it! kylo, dude, you were brilliant - i'll see you next week or something!" he called as he left with a wave. hux became very acutely aware of the fact that kylo was sitting next to him, that they were alone, and that their legs were definitely touching. he felt kylo's fingers flutter over his forearm before he grabbed hux's wrist and gently tugged, keeling backwards as he stood up. hux looked at him, his heart pounding. his legs were like water when he moved off the chair, following kylo as he backed down the red-lit corridor towards the bathroom. hux wondered if this was how lambs felt when they walked towards the wolves, about to be eaten alive. "c'mon," kylo said, his voice entrancing, his touch turning hux's skin to ashes. "you get the backstage show too." Chapter 4 Summary: song: dance dance - fall out boy notes (because ao3's formatting is a bitch) two chapters in one night -- i spoil you guys. thanks for the massive influx of hits btw!! i saw the force awakens for the third time about half an hour ago and i am 100% convinced kylux is real. i cant believe jj abrams had the AUDACITY to murder me. also i'm not happy at all w/ chapter 3&4 i'm really losing the audience here haha; sadly, my brain is soup right now. blowjobs are not my forte at all. also why did kylo have shades of adam sackler in this chapter? kylo got both himself and hux into the bathroom without tripping over or injuring them both, which was a fucking miracle considering how out-of-his-mind drunk he was. the poor guy looked like he was about to pass out as kylo looked around for anybody before shoving them both into an empty toilet stall and locking the door. hux was shivering -- from fear or arousal or nerves he didn't know -- as kylo looked him up and down before suddenly grabbing him, shoving hux up against the wall as the redhead's legs locked around his waist and no matter how much he tried to tell himself it's from instinct so he doesn't fall, he knew deep down that this was all purely from arousal. kylo looked at hux, his eyes squeezed closed and his face red. it was cute, in a strange endearing way. hux smelled like laundry and aftershave as kylo buried his face in the crook of a slender shoulder, kissing at his neck. he heard a moan and pulled his head back to ask quickly, "are you a virgin?" "i gave a blowjob once," hux blurted out suddenly, and any tension between them was immediately dissolved as kylo laughed and kissed him full on the mouth. hux sighed as if someone had just lifted a weight off his shoulders, kylo unzipping his hoodie to throw it on the ground and unbuttoning hux's shirt. "wait, what?" the redhead suddenly said, and kylo paused to look at him. "what if someone comes--?" he was shushed with a finger to his lips. "you don't have to worry about that because the only thing that's going to be coming in here is you ," kylo said, his voice barely louder than a rumbling growl. hux thought he whimpered, but he had no time to think because kylo captured his mouth in a searing kiss, tasting like alcohol and sex and violence, all things his parents had deemed distractions. hux didn't know there was anything hotter than the weather outside before kylo started to kiss his way down hux's chest, peppering a line vertically on his abdomen. the bathroom stall was graffiti-covered and smelt of damp water and perfume as hux whimpered and grabbed kylo's hair, balling his fists until his nails scratched against kylo's scalp as he felt the flick of a warm tongue just below his bellybutton, kylo pressing a warm kiss there as he quickly undid hux's jeans to pull them down about his ankles. hux shivered, and then slowly opened his eyes as he heard kylo burst out, "dude, you wear calvins ?!" "c-calvins? you mean my-- oh! oh, that's..." hux whines and lets his head drop back. "... really good ." if there was a medal for giving head, hux was pretty sure kylo would have destroyed any competition. he grabbed hux's hips to steady him and tried to ignore the hairs being yanked from his head as he took him deep, his body cramping from the lack of space in the stall. he ran his tongue over the head and hux's entire body jolted like someone shocked him. kylo decided he liked that reaction and to hell with this if it was messy and uncoordinated and rushed; there were people who needed to piss and he would wake up tomorrow morning with a hangover. he sucked harder, and bought his hand up to jerk hux off at the same time as the hand buried in his hair tugged so hard it threatened to break the roots out. hux came with a high-pitched whine, and when kylo pulled his mouth off him he spat cum onto the tiles before standing up, pulling off some toilet roll to wipe around his mouth as hux dropped to the floor. kylo assessed hux critically, like one would a piece of art. he was splayed on the floor, his jeans rucked around his knees as he panted, his face flushed pink. kylo wanted to shove hux up against that grotty piss-stained wall and fuck him so hard he couldn't walk for days. he wanted to clip a leash to his neck and make him beg for this and bruise him and come on him. maybe that was just the alcohol talking, or maybe it was him. there was something different about this guy, he thought -- something that he needed more of. he squatted down, running a finger over the redhead's jaw before he asked quietly, "you want me to fuck you, hux?" hux looked at him for a moment, before nodding. kylo grabbed his shoulders and slammed him against the wall, feeling around in his pocket for a condom. he bought one out, triumphant, and pushed back his hair as he slid the condom on and thrust into hux, causing him to gasp. he starts slow, not wanting to hurt him as he gently snaps his hips, hux's whimpers barely audible over the music that had started to play outside. perfect. at least nobody would hear them. kylo suddenly gritted his teeth and practically threw himself into hux, tugging his hips out a little so he could hit his prostate. hux's nails were scratching against the dried paint on the wall as kylo thrust into him, spitting out out how he wanted to see hux on all fours and ready for him, how he was going to jerk off to this for the next week, how he wished he could see hux scream, cry, beg, plead for him. a few quick thrusts and hux came on his stomach, screaming so loudly kylo had to put a hand over his mouth to silence him over the music. hux's eyes were wide and his breathing was sharp as kylo gently removed his palm and pulled out of him, before he turned around to slump against the wall with hux in his lap. their foreheads touched and over their music their static breathing filled the stall. kylo laughed suddenly, and hux smiled. "i won't tell poe," kylo said, his speech slurring a little as he kissed hux's nose. "don't worry." Chapter 5 Summary: song: new perspective - panic! at the disco notes (because ao3's formatting is a bitch) rey is baking because i just baked brownies. no, they didn't have weed in them. sorry that this chapter is so short but i am so tired it's not even funny. also vote: should i publish that hux gloryhole fic at some point? this christmas, give your loved ones the gift of explosions tuesday, june 16, 2016 welcome back to satans logbook. according to sources i apparently got blackout drunk last night and apparently had sex with some guy in the toilets post-show... toilet-sex guy, if youre reading this; call me at some point. ive totally forgot your name and i wanna remember it again. (my tshirt is telling me he probably had red hair and smelled like prada.) all comments (3) kylo groaned, rubbing his eyes as light filtered in. he had decided that waking up on a weekday morning after three hours of sleep was the equivalent of waking up to fire and brimstone raining down onto your eyeballs. it was already midday, and from the sound it it, everybody else was either out or relaxing downstairs. he could hear the radio in the kitchen blasting out some chart pop songs, and a smell of baking was wafting up from the stairs into his room. it was the only thing that forced him to drag his naked body out of bed and stumble, zombified, to the doorway before plodding downstairs. he really hoped the window cleaner wasn't here today. kylo took one step into the kitchen and was greeted by a burning slap to his chest. he screamed. he heard another scream. "PUT SOME FFFFRICKING CLOTHES ON!" oh shit. he'd forgot that walking around naked just after you woke up wasn't acceptable in most houses. "sorry, sorry," kylo mumbled, running back upstairs. he pulled on his hoodie (it smelt of beer and sweat and the ghost of a concert) and his pyjama pants (just sweat) before stumbling back downstairs again. he bobbed into the kitchen to see rey glaring at him, a gloved hand holding a spatula, crusted with brownie. the kitchen smelled of baking as kylo lurched in, the sun shining brightly through the windows. the kitchen was slightly cooler, but that was probably because of the roaring a/c. kylo yawned, reaching into the fridge to unscrew the milk and drank straight from the carton. rey pulled a face. "ew," she said, and kylo stuck his tongue out at her. she poked hers out back. "how was the concert last night?" kylo wavered. "it was -- uh --" electrifying, mindblowing, worldchanging. " -- pretty good, i guess. i did alright." he shrugged, trying to push down the memories of Toilet-Sex Guy as far as he could. "you're blushing," rey said, narrowing her eyes. kylo's free hand immediately darted to cup his face and he grimaced at the heat pooling on his cheeks. why was his body always his worst enemy? he closed the fridge as rey went back to sliding brownies onto the cooling rack, his entire body freezing when he heard her offhandedly mention, "according to poe, you met a guy last night." "a guy? " kylo jumped as he turned to see his mom sticking her head around the door. "a guy," rey nodded. "what the hell?!" kylo burst out in frustration. was this some type of demonic payback for walking around nude?! leia looked at him, and he groaned. "okay, yes , mom. there was a guy. i can't remember his name but he must've had red hair because that was what i woke up to on my tshirt," kylo sighed. "i-i'm gonna message poe and ask him about it. i..." kylo felt the heat return to his face. "--kinda wanna see him again." he scowled as leia laughed fondly at him and rey smirked. "i-i'm going up to my room!" hux woke up to millie purring on his chest like a small engine. he blinked, the breeze wafting through his curtains making the fabric look reminiscent of a bridal veil. hux sighed, pulling himself awake against his body's will as he staggered up to standing, pulling on his bathrobe as he slowly pushed open his door. the hallway was bright and empty, sunlight glancing off the whitewashed walls as he padded downstairs. he could hear a strain of classical music from the living room as he made his way towards the kitchen where his mother was sitting, wearing one of her chanel kimonos or whatever expensive article hux's father had bought her. she looked up from her magazine when he entered, red curls falling about her shoulders as she smiled at him; "good morning, darling. did you sleep well?" hux nodded, trying to smile and failing miserably. "yeah, yeah. i was fine. sorry for coming back so late last night," he said, walking to the fridge to pour some juice. he swallowed, thinking about last night, his teeth clinking against the glass. "that's fine," he heard his mother say. the kitchen smelled of baked bread, but underneath it there was this clean, sterile smell, like the doctors. "did you meet anybody?" she asked coyly. hux squeezed his eyes closed. "no, mum. i just saw poe and the band. they were good." "oh. well, maybe one day you'll bring home a nice girl from one of your little outings," hux heard her say, and he didn't know if it was just his ears but the word girl stood out to him more than anything else in that sentence. how could you bring home something you didn't love? the juice tasted acidic in his mouth as he swallowed, the sound of the glass setting down deafening, as he simply replied -- "yeah. maybe one day, mum." hux stood there until the pounding in his ears resided, the bloodroar burning down to ashes, before walking out of the kitchen and back up to his room. he sat at his desk, biting down tears, when suddenly his phone lit up. [Unknown Number] hey, its me. cool leather jacket guy from last night. you holding up okay? x Chapter 6 Summary: song: the anthem - good charlotte notes (because ao3's formatting is a bitch) WE HIT 100 KUDOS!! HOLY SHIT THANK YOU TO EVERYBODY. i tried to write a slightly longer chapter to make up for the two short ones that were posted. i'm the bitch who never learns so i'm writing this at midnight. let's hope it holds up okay. lah di dah wednesday, june 17, 2016 soooooo i went fucking around on rhymezone today and wtf lol: glenn and penne are my favorite twd character and also my favorite type of pasta so i guess that's good. maybe i should change my name to john glenn and fight bad guys with a light pen? all comments (2) kylo's knee jigged up and down rhythmically as he tap-tap-tapped away at his phone. he was sending an elaborate message to finn on where they should all meet up to hang out half an hour away; so far, the ice-cream bar looked like the best bet. cold, sweet, the ability to reserve tables. kylo snorted at his friend's reply before looking up and seeing han glaring at him judgmentally over his newspaper. "what?" kylo asked. "every time you move your knee, ben," han said heavily, with a sigh. "the entire table vibrates. please stop." kylo's eyes darted down as he ground his knee to a halt sheepishly. "sorry." "thank you," han said. as they both resumed their earlier activities, he asked, "what're you doing today?" "weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeell." kylo began, pursing his lips as he closed messenger. "me and rey are going to the ice cream bar place to meet up with phasma and finn and poe and-- someone else, and then i'm gonna swing by the place to pick up some food, and then i'm probably coming home." kylo continued talking as he walked into the hallway to grab his jacket. "might go down to the beach, or something." "okay. got your phone?" han asked. kylo held it up. "keys?" "hanging up." "good. have fun, kid," han said. he stood up, mussing kylo's hair as he walked out the kitchen. kylo shook his hair back, grabbing his keys and throwing them in the air as he opened the front door to a blast of heat. "love you, dad," he called, before slamming the door shut. "ren-ben!" kylo grinned as finn threw himself at him, locking him into a trademark hug. finn gave those hugs that made everything feel like the world was going to be alright, like nothing bad would happen to you as long as you stuck in his arms for a while. kylo slapped him on the shoulder as finn and rey did their secret handshake (handslap, handslap, fistbump, explosion), bouncing over to poe and sliding into the space a seat across from him - that was taken by finn, naturally. poe flashed a superstar grin at him, squinting a little in the sunlight pouring through the windows. the heat from the past few days was starting to fizzle away, but the sun still scorched you wherever you went. kylo had started keeping a tally on the unfortunate sunburn marks from shorts and vest tops and sunglasses he saw on members of the public. he winced as he saw some guy walk past them wearing wraparound sunglasses -- "yeesh." poe pushed his sunglasses up his nose and said, "so. the concert." kylo looked at him, a grin plastered over his face as he said cheerfully through gritted teeth, "dameron, why'd you tell my little sister?" "i felt like i should keep everyone updated in your love life, sparse as it has been for the past few weeks," poe said casually, and kylo knew he was suppressing a storm of laughter. "so i messaged rey, and phasma, and jessika. finn knew first up, and hux got the live experience, so all's good in the hood." he waggled his eyebrows as he sipped on a milkshake, resistant to kylo's laser-beam glare. just as kylo opened his mouth to tear a strip off him, the doorbell jingled and he heard phasma's jaunty "hi!" at heed of poe's nod, kylo turned his head to see hux, of all people, standing nervously. he was twiddling his fingers, and looked so... scared. kylo had to push down the urge to wrap him in his arms and kiss his head as he felt every pair of eyes turn to them both. "uh. hey," hux said, punctuating his sentence with a little wave. "it's me-- i mean, hux." kylo felt his organs do a line dance as hux continued. "the-the guy from the concert. phasma invited me along. i hope that's... okay with you." "yes," kylo said, and it must have came out more gruffly than he intended because hux twitches a little. he was so skittish, like bambi on ice. kylo slapped the seat next to him, and hux slid into it. without the comfort blanket of alcohol and the adrenaline rush of having performed in front of a crowd, kylo felt very scared. nervous, some might say. hux was still clearly under the (horribly misguided) impression that he was Cool and Outgoing. kylo screamed at his past self for being such a dick, and then smiled warmly at hux. he saw every ounce of tension in the man drop like dead weight, and the butterflies subsided. so he was one of the shy ones. "nice to see you again," kylo said, keeping his voice low so nobody would hear them. "how are you?" "me? oh, i'm fine," hux said. he swallowed. "you?" kylo replied, "a lot better now i know you're okay," and he could've written a fucking book about hux's smile at that point. he suddenly became aware of a very strong urge to take hux out for a night on the town, shower him with gifts. but it was the middle of the day and he only had fifteen dollars to his name, so he simply suggested, "wanna go to mcdonalds?" "go to where?" "mcdonalds. you know, the place." kylo explained. hux still looked confused. "c'mon, man! mcdonalds!" "i don't know what--" hux was cut off as kylo grabbed his hand, announced, "we're going to mcdonalds!" to practically the entire cafe, and ran out the door with hux in tow. "c'mon. pick your poison." kylo chided, as hux stared at the menu. after a long silence, he said, "what, you just want an ice-cream?" hux shifted, and kylo, sensing his embarrassment, strode up to the counter (one of the perks of being 6'3" was that he was essentially a human battleship) and said to the worker, "can i have two large fries, one oreo mcflurry, and a large dr pepper, please?" he glanced over at hux, who was still looking around at everything. "c'mon," kylo said, dragging him over to a table and nodding his thanks at the worker. he plopped down next to the window, hux squashing in beside him. kylo sprawled out, all loose limbs and arms dragging across the table, and hux clasped his hands together, sitting back, but upright. there was a few seconds of awkward silence between them before hux said quietly, "sorry." "...what? sorry for what?" kylo asked. "not, uh, ordering anything," hux admitted, a thin blush spreading across his face. "i've never... been here before," and kylo felt his jaw drop. "you've never been to mcdonalds?!" he said in bewilderment, and hux grimaced as six people turned around simultaneously to look at them. kylo winced apologetically. "no," hux said. he sighed. "my parents never took me. said it was bad for me, or whatever. this is my first time here, so... you technically took my mcdonalds virginity." he laughed, a pleasant, tinkling noise. kylo's body warmed suddenly, and he didn't think it was from the sun. "well, i consider taking your mcdonalds virginity a fucking honor , my man," kylo said. "i'll add it to the bathroom virginity tag." he brightened as their food was slid onto their table, grinning at hux's pleased " woooooow ." "you get first pick of the fires, dude. guest of honor and all that." kylo said, grabbing his drink. he darted up to get some sauce, resisting the urge to spend all day watching ketchup drip out. "i got you barbecue and ketchup - separately, obviously. i don't know what you like." hux nodded at him in thanks, dipping a fry into the barbecue. he threw it in his mouth, and made a noise of appreciation - "ketchup's yours." kylo buzzed, relishing in hux's little praises ("this tastes so good . i think i'm actually going to die after eating this, but whatever.") and the way he wiped his mouth with his napkin and not on his sleeve, and the way he bothered to fill in the puzzle on the activity sheet that came with their tray, and how he shivered at the cold taste of the ice cream, and how he shook his packet to get the last bits of crisp out, licking his fingers. kylo watched this, and he reminded himself that this was not a date, that hux was single and most likely not interested, that the Bathroom Thing had meant nothing and was best left unspoken of forever, that this was certainly not a date, ben 'kylo ren' organa-solo. but it could be , kylo thought wistfully as hux fiddled with his fry carton. "that was fun!" hux bubbled, and kylo smiled. "i really enjoyed myself." they were both walking back to kylo's place, "aw, don't worry. it was only mcdonalds," kylo said. "i used to take rey there all the time as a kid, after school. back when we lived in san francisco, of course - before we moved. it's sort of like a childhood memory place to me, y'know?" and hux nodded. "yeah. why did you move, if you don't mind me asking?" kylo sniffed. "dad found a better job opportunity. i wasn't mad; i never really had any friends there and i met poe when i came over here, and by extension everyone else. rey was five when we moved, i was eight. she never really lost her accent from growing up around uncle ben, i guess. not that it really matters , y'know; she used to say she was adopted." kylo laughed fondly. "i'd like to go back sometime, though. i hear it's nice in the summer." hux glanced up at the sky, puffed with clouds and gleaming. there were bursts of color and scent from the flowers around them, and hux suddenly became very aware of the situation as they reached the ren household, stopping face to face. kylo jammed his hands in his pockets. the gentle sway of a birch tree shaded them both, leaves fluttering down around them, spinning gently to land on the drive. hux could smell clear water and sweet grass and flowers. "so," kylo said. "so," hux replied, with a small smirk. "i guess if this was clueless, and you were alicia silverstone, and i was paul rudd, we'd probably kiss right now and it would be really romantic," kylo said. there was a pause, and hux's everything fluttered. "but i'm not, and i have a movie to watch, so i'll catch you later." kylo kissed hux on the forehead, and waved as he walked up the porch to his house. the door closed before hux could respond. the table dug into hux's thighs as kylo fucked him, hands cupping his ass. "ky- kylo ," hux breathed, seguing into a moan as one particular thrust hit home. kylo admired his half-lidded eyes, wet blue, the sweat rolling off his slender body. his red hair was stuck to his forehead with sweat. kylo reached up and ran a finger across hux's bottom lip, dipping in to wet it with saliva and groaning appreciatively when hux bit down gently on the nail. hux's arms squeezed around the back of the dark-haired man's neck as kylo lifted him off the table suddenly, hux locking his legs around him in reflex and whining as ren ("kylo- ooo - ooo .") thrust up into him. kylo planted a trail of kisses to hux's collarbone, feeling the heat around him constrict in a storm of pressure, the redhead gasping and moaning as his eyes shot open and his nails dragged down kylo's back. there was a staccato whine of " oh! " and kylo sighed in pleasure as he listened to everything hux was doing, felt his body tightening, dragged a hand through a mussed crop of red hair, kissed sweat-soaked skin, harder, faster, more -- " KYLO --!" kylo sprang upwards, eyes shooting open. his pupils were blown as he scrabbled his sheets around him, panting heavily, sweat coating his body. he looked around in the dark, hux's moans still echoing in his head, handprints still burning into his skin. kylo frowned as he tried to steady his breathing, flopping back into bed and rubbing his face, pleasant shock dazing him as the neon lines of his alarm clock blinked the time. 04:36AM. he paused, letting everything suddenly click in his head like cogs in machinery. kylo rolled over, and giggled into his pillow. a few miles away, in his million-dollar apartment, hux was curled up on his side in bed, duvet rucked up around him. his eyes were wide, his hand clamped over his mouth, and his cheeks burned as he realized that -- holy shit, was kylo ren the guy he dreamed about having sex with? swallowing, hux dipped his fingers under the waistband of his boxers and groaned as something sticky coated them. "fuck," he muttered. this was worse than he thought. Chapter 7 Summary: song: the beach - all time low notes i made a writing blog if you're interested! @kurochrome sorry this chapter is so short but i feel like i'm coming down with something awful :( my eyes were closing as i wrote this and i feel sort of sick and faint; i'll try and make it up next week, promise! also, it would be really helpful if you guys could leave questions for kylo as he's gonna be answering a q&a in his blog :) the questions can be anything, from 'what's your favorite type of dorito flavor?' to 'o you want to lie in a field of irises with hux?' -- as long as i can get at least four, i'm happy! you and i were meant to be together, even if we weren't meant to be happy. thursday, june 18, 2016 i feel like finding a soulmate is kin to your toast landing non-butter-side down on your brand new carpet. i can't remember the last time i felt like this. my heart is racing, my cheeks are burning, my veins are filled with sunlight. my chest aches and my breath comes short. (for the initiated, is this what love feels like?) comments (6) it was three in the afternoon when hux pulled his face from his sketchbook, white sunlight blurring in around his eyes as his mouth filled with that distinct metallic taste of spit that only comes after taking a nap. he blinked, swallowing, before sitting back at his desk and rubbing his eyes. he had dreamt of flowers and water, he remembers foggily. flowers, like the ones that had fell on his hair outside of kylo's house before he kissed him in front of the porch. hux sighed, running a hand through his hair as he looked at his sketchbook. there was a smear of graphite on his wrist as he rolled his neck in defeat, groaning. of course he'd drawn kylo from every possible angle he could think of. there was kylo laughing, pouting, contemplating. hux gleaned from the half-started portrait on the next page that he had been trying to draw a full-body sketch of him from the rock concert a few days ago. hux chewed on his pencil, looking at the dips of the buildings. funny how things can change so fast , he thought. he was interrupted by millicent hopping onto his desk. hux sighed (" no , millie-- no-- down--") and tried to pull her off as she walked all over his sketchbook and sat on the side of his desk. the blinked at him lazily, her tail waving. hux rolled his eyes and closed his sketchbook, sliding it back to its rightful place as he glanced over at his phone, contemplating for a few minutes. "fuck it," he muttered, leaning over to grab it, nails scrabbling on the desk as he swiped up to find the correct number. "you can't just invite random girls over! that's not how it works!" kylo cried. rey stuck her chin out, hands on hips. "well, i clearly remember having no problem when you kissed your boyfriend in front of the house yesterday!" her mouth twisted into a triumphant smirk at kylo's shocked expression. "and jessika isn't just some random girl! she's - my - girlfriend!" every word was emphasized by a kick to the shin. "okay, firstly, hux is--" kylo stopped himself as he felt his phone vibrate in his pocket. "hux is... that kiss wasn't meant to be seen by you, anyway! you're so annoying!" "ben! don't be mean!" kylo snarled as he heard han reprimand him from the other room, looking up as jessika came down the stairs and stood next to rey. she leaned her head into the crook of jess's shoulder. "sorry, went to pee," she said. "what's going on?" "sibling abuse," kylo said simply before running up the stairs. he climbed into the attic and threw himself chest-down onto his bed, wrinkling his nose a little at the smell of his sheets as he tugged his phone from his pocket and glanced at the screen. you have one new message. Huxy I think I dreamt about you last night. Kylo Ren did this dream perchance involve you moaning in pleasure? a table? Huxy ...Yes, that's the one. Kylo Ren oh, what a coincidence! hux hesitated. he began to type a message, tapping slowly. kylo watched the three dots rise up, then slurp back down, then rise up again. Huxy Did that kiss yesterday mean anything? Kylo Ren do you want it to mean something? Huxy Yes. Definitely. Kylo Ren well, that's good kid. cause it was my level one way of saying what i thought of you. Huxy Level one? Kylo Ren ;) hux stared at his ceiling, exhilarated. he didn't even care that he was sweaty as hell from the baking temperature, or that millie was using his sketchbook as a toy, or that he felt lightheaded from lack of sleep. kylo ren had just implied that he loved him, and for hux, that was enough to burn out anything negative that could have came his way. kylo was bright and iced and everything nice and hux loved it. he'd finally found something that he could get clean from, soothed from, burn out on. he thought of kylo's hair, his funny clothes, his gentle grip and soft kisses, and smiled. on the other side of chicago, the a/c on full blast and his window wide open as he lay on his bed, kylo decided the summer could go fuck itself. the only heat he needed now was hux. if he concentrated hard enough, he could still smell his cloves-and-sunlight scent, hear his laugh and imagine his bright smile. kylo thought of hux's red hair, glowing like flames in the summer sun, shaded by the fringes of trees and flowers. kylo vowed to himself that he wasn't going to fuck this up, not like his past ones. hux didn't deserve that. "you and me, baby!" kylo burst out in a moment of delirious excitement, throwing his limbs into the air as the mattress caught them. he laughed. "we're the future! and it's bright as fuck !" Chapter 8 Summary: song: everything is alright - motion city soundtrack Notes: *** TW FOR A HOMOPHOBIC SLUR IN THIS CHAPTER *** notes i can't believe i have to put this in the actual notes box because the stupid summary box was too short. i made this chapter a little longer than the others, purely because i felt as if i was trying to cram shitty writing into short chapters, which is not a good way to impress people. so, i hope you all like this! i tried to give you some schmoop, but the plot should get rolling when the autumn section starts for those who are banging their heads on the desk. i'm looking at the plan right now and 84 chapters seems like peanuts. An Event will happen next chapter though! i hope the answers to the questions were okay! i tried to be as imaginative as i could, and most are based off thing that actually happened to me/i thought at some point. i might do q&a's again in the future, and thank you to everyone who sent in a question! i envision hux's mom as looking like cindy crawford. you know that blowjob hux said he gave in chapter 4? yeah, well - i've now made it canon that he gave it to poe. a lot can happen when you're both drunk and it's dark and there's a load of random strangers around. i'm like 94 years late with this BUT - in case you haven't seen it already, there is some uber-cool fanart of ocean avenue floating around. nice! and now for something completely different friday, june 19, 2016 its time for a q&a baby. thanks to everyone who commented a question. hope the answers are okay. would you remove two of your ribs so you could suck your own dick? what a fantastic start. i mean. there are other dicks to suck i guess, and mine isnt that impressive, but... i mean, it would be cool to see how it felt, so yes. get the anesthesia! kylo whats ur fav icecream flavour? chocolate all the way. i want the scent of chocolate ice cream pumped into my coffin. also raspberry sorbet is the shit. thoughts on jessika? i actually played mariokart with her and rey last night. shes really nice, really funny, and her and rey love each other genuinely. also a fucking demon when it comes to rainbow road. never play mariokart with jessika. favourite harry potter character? uhhh cho chang. or draco haha. i always thought luna was pretty cool as well. whats your favorite planet? venus? goddess of lurve. or mars, thats pretty sick. theres liquid water and a giant fucking mountain on there. one day im gonna climb it, youll see. any phobias? SPIDERS WHAT THE FUCK. rey once told me a creepy story about a spider the size of a car and i didnt sleep for three days. shits fucked. whats on your favorite pair of socks? i have these ankle socks that have an xray of feet on them, theyre pretty cool. or my superman socks with the little capes. whats your fave coffee shop (not starbucks) and why do you like it? theres this tiny little place down past the pet store thats open practically all the time and they sell the best coffee ever. its really cheap and im honestly surprised more people dont know about it. everyone who works there is really nice and doesnt kick you out if youre quiet and there have been many instances where ive been the last man standing and still been drinking like my fourth caramel macchiato while someone is wiping the floor down. i try to step over the freshly wiped parts as i walk out. plans for the weekend? uhhh i dont know. play videogames? watch season 2 of hit netflix tv series daredevil? last play/musical you saw? ive never seen a play or musical, sorry. worst movie you've ever watched? sorry to any horror fans, but the saw movies are banal. if you locked me in a room w/ explosives and said the only way out was to watch the saw movies? id die. okay maybe id watch the first one but the point still stands. what's one thing you've done and regret highly? i shat myself as a kid. i was in kindergarten and like, i really had to poop and i remember my butt felt sort of... soft when i sat down? so i went to the bathroom and pulled my pants down and the resulting sight was not pretty. i still cringe at the memory of having to tell my teacher that i'd pooped myself. at least they gave me new boxers and pants, i guess. lesson learned was that you should always go and shit instead of scribbling with crayons for half an hour. what's one book that really affected you? lord of the flies. i know it sounds stupid because its like high school grade reading but it made a big impact on me. i still consider it my favorite book because it really captured my interest and i genuinely enjoyed it so much but i remember reading it and feeling a massive shift in everything when piggy died. i think the idea that kids - who were younger than me at the time - could be so brutal and just turn into total savages was really frightening. i still have the copy from school in my bookshelf now after reading it over and over. its really tattered, like practically falling apart, and filled with notes and highlighted sentences/words. what's your fave place in the world? place ive been to: ocean avenue, my hometown (street?) place i havent been to: any cities at night/dusk. what was your first pet? a hamster called hammy. shes buried in a teabag box at the bottom of the front garden. i wanted to give her a viking funeral in the birdbath but mom wouldnt let me, so we put her in a teabag box and wrote little messages on the box. i learned on that day what true sadness was. what clubs were you in in highschool? none, but if i was in any im pretty sure i would have been in like the witchcraft club or something. maybe a comic book club or an art club, idk. would you rather have sex with a merperson who's top half is human, bottom half fish, or top half fish, bottom part human? top half human. blow me. what do you think of hux? hux? you mean... that redheaded guy with an adorable smile and freckles that look like tiny sandspecks on eggshells? delicate bambi limbs and delicate lips and hair that catches the sun and bursts into flames as rays run through? eyes like blue pools and a passion for art and drawing and music? thinks hes not a virgin because he gave a blowjob to [REDACTED] once? always dressed in designers and smelling of chanel? that hux? i love him to pieces. far too much to fit into a few pixels of words. all comments (12) it was a balmy afternoon when kylo spotted hux again. he had just left the comic-book store with a copy of the new york four by brian wood and ryan kelly, and there hux was. quite easy to spot, sitting hunched over a little like that, with his crop of red hair shuffling a little in the breeze. he was wearing a sweater with a shirt underneath (kylo had done a double-take; who wears a sweater in this heat?) and kept pulling at the collar. kylo had stood before slipping behind a lamppost and hoping hux didn't see him. it failed, as he wasn't concealed well by a ten-inch wide cylinder of steel, and the above glaring neon sign for the pizza place did nothing to draw attention away from him. hux saw him, and gave a wide smile, his freckles standing out on his pale skin. he waved, darting his arm down as he nearly hit a group of teenage girls in the face, calling out an apology as kylo looked left, right, and ran across the road to meet him. hux stood in front of him, and they both looked at each other awkwardly as kylo adjusted the bag on his arm, red ridges denting the skin from the weight of it. "hey," hux said. kylo nodded - "hey to you too." kylo opened his mouth to say something else, but hux quickly shut him off by holding up his hand - "kylo?" "yeah?" "i- look. we've had sex in a shitty bathroom and you kissed me on the forehead yesterday and i'm pretty sure we shared a wet dream through an astral plane connection or... something. can we skip over all the hi's and hello's and how you doin's? i just- there's no point anymore." kylo paused, blinking. then - "sure. yeah, why not? makes sense, i suppose." he plopped down on the bench next to hux, putting his arm around skinny shoulderblades. there was a moment of silence between them as kylo tried to ignore the coiling of his stomach, focusing on the glittering glass of a window opposite. "why are you wearing a sweater? it's like a jillion degrees." "what? oh," hux said, as coolly as he could muster, tugging at the material. "just a... sweater, i guess. wanted to look nice for y-" he caught himself, but it was too late. kylo's eyes widened a little. "you wanted to look nice?" he echoed, everything falling into place. he realised how that had came out, and quickly drew back. "i-i mean, not that you don't always look nice, y'know, but-" goddamit, organa-solo, pull yourself together! but- but... he couldn't get over the fact that hux had probably woken up, and ate rye bread spread with champagne or whatever it was that rich people ate for breakfast, and then walked to his closet and picked out a sweater especially for seeing kylo in. he pictured hux tugging the sweater on and shaking his head to get his hair out of his eyes, pulling the shirt collar over gently and smoothing it out. it was the cutest thing. kylo grimaced as he thought about his clothing in contrast, taking a self-conscious sniff of his hoodie to make sure it didn't smell. it didn't. he turned his attention back to hux, who seemed adorably flustered. kylo squinted at him in sudden suspicion. "how did you know i would be at the comic-book store." hux shrugged, nuzzling into his side a little. "poe said you always came here on most fridays. i figured it would be a good place to find you, so i came down and sat here. and lo, you appeared." "hm." kylo chewed his lip before blurting out, "hux, what's your family life like?" he knew he'd hit a nerve as he felt hux's posture stiffen, and he quickly added, "it's cool if you don't, like, wanna talk about it, or..." his voice tailed off as hux shook his head, before sighing and leaning back onto the warm metal. "my parents are, uh..." he rubbed his eyes. "both british. we moved over here when i was ten. my mum is a former model - katherine hux - and now works as a designer. my dad - brendol hux - works quite high up in the oil industry - really big job, bring in a ridiculous amount of money. he's forever off travelling, so i don't see him that much. like, once a month, i guess." hux paused before continuing. "the problem is, they think i'm straight. and by 'think' i mean ' really want me to be.' i've refrained from dating and giving a blowjob once was the riskiest thing i ever did. thank god they didn't find out, because they probably would have drove me to nevada and then just... never picked me up again. my dad is totally against anything to do with being gay. in his own words, he said he didn't want some 'fag running his company.' i think i must have nodded and agreed and that was the day i realized i would have to be very careful. they still think i'm straight." hux finished abruptly. the air between them was very still, and uncomfortably warm as kylo made a face before kicking his legs out. "well," he began, trying to keep his voice as easy as possible. "my dad - han solo - is a flight instructor who likes to build stuff and my mom - leia organa - is a self-help book writer. i have one little sister - rey organa-solo - who has a girlfriend - jessika pava - and really enjoys videogames. i told my mom i was gay when i was ten, because she asked me in the line to the wal-mart checkout. i said yes and grabbed a bag of bubblegum. she told my dad, rey watched the wolf of wall street and fell in love with margot robbie, one thing led to another, and that was that." he nodded, matter-of-factly, before stopping and hesitating. "what do you want to do as a career?" "excuse me?" "as a career. a job." "well... i always wanted to be an artist, i guess. my parents thought it was a stupid career choice until eventually they loosened their grip and allowed me to have sketchbooks and stuff. i, uh- i'm quite good. i draw-" hux thought of telling kylo about the sketches of him. kylo noticed him blushing, and knotted his eyebrows together. "-m-my cat, and people. i draw people." kylo nodded, impressed. "you'll have to show me one time, man!" hux shivered as the warm, damp sand wriggled between his toes. he had blown off sitting down with kylo, so kylo had suggested they go to loyola beach and "catch some waves, dude." they strolled side by side, hands brushing occasionally and retracting at the last moments as fingers flirted with each other dangerously. the shade of the trees drenched them comfortingly, red leaves swaying overhead. hux could see people playing in the ocean or on the sands, and he neatly dodged a sandcastle complete with a moat. the sun had faded to a pleasant warmth that rolled over them both, and hux could smell the coolness of the tide. kylo took an almighty inhale before sighing happily. this place reminded him of home, long hours spent outside until late afternoon swimming. after that they would go and get hot dogs or ice creams and then go home to watch tv. kylo spotted the redhead stealing glances at the water, and suggested, "wanna go for a dip?" there was a split-second pause before hux broke into a grin and tugged off his sweater and shirt, his shorts following quickly until he was in his boxers. kylo tried to keep it together at the sight of his pale runner's body, all corded muscle and sharp lines. he whooped before bolting to the water, throwing himself in as the tide rolled up. kylo laughed, tugging off his hoodie and clothes before following, leaping in with a wet crash as hux laughed loudly, both of them swirling around in the water as they swam out to a deeper part of the ocean. kylo spouted up, spitting out water through his smile as he smoothed his hair back. he squinted through salt-coated eyelashes, looking at hux's hair. it was dyed a dark red from the water as he floated in the blue, staring up at the sky. kylo felt his heart jump and flutter at the way his skin was coated with crystals of water, the sunlight making him glow. ba-bump, ba-bump, ba-bump. stupid heartbeat, kylo frowned. he covered his chest with his arms in embarrassment, a tiny part of him thinking that hux could feel it through the water like some kind of sonar. he remembered a biology lesson he'd had where they'd done a lesson on bats and how they sensed things. he imagined other people were like that. him and hux were tied by sonar, radar, mind melds, red strings of fate. born to be together no matter what tried to keep them apart, like magnets. kylo broke out of his stupor as he realized hux was staring at him, standing out from the background of trees, chest-deep in the ocean. his eyes had taken on a new quality; the blue had shifted to a startling sea colour, a turquoise that was lit from behind with curiosity, glittering with an urge to try something new and dangerous. kylo stood there and let hux swim carefully over to him, testing the moment. it was a fragile moment, one made from just-born glass. kylo felt the sounds of people and the fairground and everything else melt away, until all he could hear was hux's breathing and heartbeat and the lap of the sea around them, falling into him. hux edged closer, one hand reaching up to grip kylo's upper arm, holding on tight to almost check if he was real. rough skin coated with water, muscle tightening and relaxing underneath. kylo sighed at the feeling of hux against him, of hux's fingers fluttering over him experimentally. their noses were practically touching when their eyes met. kylo held out his stare defiantly, hux's eyes shifting shades as the light reflected off them. like veranda windows on a sunny day. there was a shadow falling across his face in burnt orange, complimenting his hair. kylo licked his lips, touching his forehead against hux's as they just stood there together, floating in the water, oblivious to everything. his heart was racing a mile a minute, and he was worried that this was all going to be a dream. he thought about kissing hux just to make sure, but the feel of smooth skin and an arm around his neck and wet hair pressing into his forehead solidified everything. kylo pulled hux into a hug, wanting to touch as much of him as possible. he traced circled on hux's back with his finger, closing his eyes as hux purred. "love this," kylo said quietly, and hux's stomach fluttered, his eyes squeezing shut in happiness. Chapter 9 Summary: song: TGIF - the secret handshake notes i am so sorry this chapter is so late! i've been feeling really crappy over the past two days and school sucker-punched me in the energy balls so i was just a walking disaster and in no state to write. i'm so sorry i made you all wait this long! poe's fake movie title came from a long list of fake movie titles me and my friends have thought up over the years. they're all in a file in notepad and it's my most cherished possession. picking one was hard. thank you so much to everybody who's been reading and commenting and leaving kudos so far! the amount is CRAZY and i honestly never expected for this fic to get that kind of notification! thank you all and enjoy the chapter xo tuck your junk and post to /r/gonewild saturday, june 20, 2016 any of you know someone who sells coffee tables? i need one for my room. whats it for, kylo? playing cards. haha, no, i just like tables and furniture. theres this guy i know who lives in a house that looks like it's been ripped straight from an ikea mag. me? jealous? never, i'm in love with him! my suitcase is a looking sorta battered at the moment. maybe i should repaint my walls? all comments (2) "finn?" "yeah?" "opinions on going to the movies alone?" finn cocked his head up from where it had been resting comfortably in poe's lap, an eyebrow quirking up. "are you trying to tell me something, dameron?" poe chuckled, sliding a hand over finn's hair. his eyes were lit from behind by the sunlight pouring in through the windows and he set his phone down on the side table. "no. s'just - jessika wants to go and see Caf of the Undead with me next monday and like... how do i explain that i'd rather go alone without sounding rude?" poe said breathily, his head resting against the wall. finn shifted in thought, the sofa creaking a little under him. "go with her, but talk on the phone throughout the whole thing so she's forced to get up and leave," finn replied, and he grinned when he felt poe's laugh rucket against him. "be like, shh! i'm trying to talk to my boyfriend about this sweet zombie horror movie!" "okay, okay," poe said, and he glanced out of the window, at the streets of chicago mazing out in front of them. finn could see the girl across the way dancing in her bedroom upstairs, and poe caught sight of a cat licking itself outside. he frowned. "why do cats... lick their genitals?" he asked. "would you lick your genitals if you could?" finn replied, and poe shrugged, before an evil grin spread across his face. "don't." finn said. then again - "babe, don't you dare say -" "i'd lick your genitals- no! " poe's voice melted from normality to a high-pitched shriek, flowing into laughter as finn reared up and hit him with a pillow while a loud chorus of " noooooooooo! " streamed from his throat. poe snorted, cackling as he rolled off the couch onto the floor, finn following him as he delivered one swift whack to his belly. "stop, dude, oh my god!" poe gasped, lifting his hands up in a universal gesture of apology. a few more aftershocks of laughter escaped his throat as he wiped some tears from his eyes and finn lay down on top of him. he propped himself up on his elbows after chucking the pillow behind him and kissed poe on the forehead. "you're so gross," he said, but poe could tell he was fighting back laughter. "hey. dick jokes are the highest form of quality humor," poe said firmly, but his face broke into a grin as a hand reached up to slide around the back of finn's head and pull him close - "c'mere." the sun was radiating over them both when they kissed, like a protective glow. finn basked in it, wondering if it meant something. rey snuggled into the crook of jessika's shoulder, sighing as a thicket of dark hair pressed against her head. she watched jessika flick through her netflix queue, sliding past tv shows and movies alike. they were holed up in rey's room, buried under her funny striped duvet that smelt of body spray and musk and washing powder. the only lights in the room were a string of chili-pepper fairy lights, a string of purple fluffy lights, and a nightlight that sent stars swirling around the room in a slow radiation. rey leaned over and touched the plug hesitantly, shifting it a little. "are the lights turning into the red hot chili peppers?" she heard jess ask. "nope, just the lukewarm chili peppers," rey replied as she rolled back and fitted her head back into jess's shoulder, like a puzzle piece. "are they, like, the R-H-C-P's more mediocre cover band?" jess said with a giggle, and rey smiled. "i wouldn't be surprised- ooh! let's watch that?" she pointed at the tv screen. " good morning call ?" jess read. "is that like... a romance-drama? by japan?" "looks like it," rey said as she read over the plot. "it looks cute, whatever it is." "but i wanted to watch battle royale !" jess pouted, and rey kissed the side of her head, causing her to melt. "aw, okay, fine - we'll watch your sappy romance series." rey cheered, and jess grinned, settling down as rey hit play and the screen filled with bright visuals. "we'll watch battle royale tomorrow night," rey said. "i promise. and the organa-solos' always keep their promises." she nodded. jess smiled and leaned down to kiss her as rey slowly turned her attention away from the tv and to the feel of her girlfriend's lips on hers. jess's fingers combed through her hair and something fluttered in rey's stomach as she smiled against the kiss. "hon? if you want anything else you better pipe up, 'cause we'll be closing soon." phasma blinked suddenly, turning her head to look at the waitress leaning over the counter. "oh, no - i'm fine, thank you!" she replied, grimacing a little at how overly cheerful she sounded. the waitress nodded, snapping her gum as she jumped back over the counter and walked into the kitchen. phasma sighed, turning to look out of the window at the scenery in front of her. well, it wasn't exactly scenery - just a throng of people walking down the street, passing in front of restaurants and shops and office blocks. phasma liked the contrast of clean white business shirts and black ties against looming sandstone walls as businessmen left for the day, toned tanned girls in cutoff shorts and patterned bikini tops rollerskating giddily inbetween strolling families, overheated teenagers lounging on sticky bar benches and laughing at something between each other as neon signs fizzed above them. shadows slanted across the buildings as the diner was enveloped by an orange glow, the waves of loyola beach lapping at the sands in the background. phasma stood up, picking up her bag and throwing her napkins into the trash as she waved goodbye to the waitress on the way out. the heat enveloped her as she stepped through the glass doors, and she slid her sunglasses on as she set off back to her apartment. phasma liked being tall. most people always thought she was lying when she said it, but she liked it. it meant that, at her "final height" as kylo had so charmingly named it, of 6'7" in heels, large crowds were no problem. phasma smiled at the gawping children as she passed by them, waving at a little girl who was eating ice cream. the girl nodded shyly in return. phasma ran a hand through her icy blonde crop of hair, tucking her fringe behind her ear as she turned into a side street to be welcomed by the cool embrace of shadows. it was empty down in the little alleyway, the only space now leading to her apartment. she rummaged in her bag for her keys as she strolled into the square of apartments, all identical - white and silver, with a large window to see into the living room and a small window up on the top to look out into the centre of the block. it was fringed with a pleasant selection of greenery, and had a grey patio that she tried to keep clean as best as she could. she waved at finn through the window across the way, who smiled and waved back lazily, poe asleep next to him. she pulled her keys out of her bag and replaced the new gap with her sunglasses as she clicked the door open. she paused, and smiled when she heard the familiar clicking scatter of claws and panting as her pitbull, mars bar, came bounding towards her. phasma closed the door and squatted down, her grin big as she stroked him - "hello, you! did you miss me? did you miss me?" mars bar barked and she laughed, standing up to slide off her shoes as she walked through her hallway, over linoleum wood floors to her living room, where she flopped onto the couch. mars bar hopped up beside her, snorting and settling with his head on his paws. she ran a hand over his white fur, contemplating the weather before reaching the tv remote. phasma never understood why people said she should go out and meet someone; she was happy here, with her dog and the air con humming and the sunlight pouring in. "this is all we need, marsy. right?" she murmured, and smiled as he snuffed in agreement. hux stared out at the endless ocean that stretched on in front of him, waves dyed lilac from the setting sun. he had walked to loyola on a whim and stood on the promenade to try and piece together the events of yesterday. his body was pressed against the railing in front of him as he inhaled the scent of food and salt and smoke. there was a distant buzz of music, laughter, shouting, all drifting up from below. he remembered walking home after kylo let him dry himself with his ratty jacket ("it's no worry, man. seriously!") and sliding into the shower, trying to ignore the confused churn of feelings in his gut as he washed sand and seawater from himself, replacing it with normal boring bodywash. he'd felt worse when he exited, clamping it down and screwing it up into a hard little ball that he tried to digest as he toweled himself off and dressed into his pyjamas. "hey stranger," someone said, punctuating his thoughts, and hux turned to see kylo strolling towards him. he smiled, the warm pit of his stomach melting to collapse and swirl around jubilantly as kylo slid over to stand next to him. their bodies were pressed against each other, arm-to-arm as kylo squinted over the scenery. hux felt something bump his leg, and he looked down to see a white plastic bag hooked to kylo's fingers. "oh - sorry," kylo said as he noticed hux's glance. "bought some snacks today as a reward for, uh... doing nothing. why are you here?" "i guess..." hux made a face, pondering. "...just wanted some time to myself. just on my own, away from my parents and stuff." he looked attentively at the greenery of the trees that shaded the sand below, a watercolour mix of greens and purples and reds that merged and blended with one another. the sand was honeycombed beneath them and hux twitched as he felt a sudden light pressure on the side of his head. he glanced over, not moving to see kylo absentmindedly pattering his fingertips over hux's scalp. hux shivered and swallowed, a delicious feeling building up as kylo's fingers swirled through the clean cut of red. the sky was a coral colour now, milky gold clouds dripping down like hot wax as the sun melted them to set, falling down to sleep behind the horizon. hux trembled as out of some base emotion, he took kylo's wrist, slender fingers curling around as he pulled it gently away from his hair and turned around, floating as if in a dream. kylo looked at him, brown eyes flitting over a hesitant, lightly flushed expression. his other hand slid up to settle at the base of hux's head, fingers sliding clumsily through red curls as he felt hux's grip on his wrist tighten. "you know," kylo murmured, and hux felt his eyes flutter closed, "there's a first time for everything." hux felt their noses bump and the effect, the little brush of contact, was so tantalizing he could have screamed. he thought of kylo standing in his bedroom, among the expensive curtains and fresh flowers in cheap vases, lying back on hux's bed in his funny tshirts and own-brand boxers, bathed in the tangerine glow of the sunset. it's... strange, and clashing, but it feels right. it feels so right and hux wants it but before that he wants this , this... touch , because he can feel kylo sighing against him and he can smell his aftershave and shampoo and he could get drunk from it, that's how intoxicating it is to him. "there is," hux breathes, shakily, like a prayer or a rapture, and that's all kylo needs to bring their lips crashing together. hux grabs him, hand squeezing his wrist so hard kylo feel's like it could break, and everything in that moment is a clash of urgency except for their kiss. hux could hear the dreamy chorus of - and he laughed at the irony, later - i'm not in love by 10cc streaming through the air, and he focused on nothing but that and kylo, because kylo tasted of honey lipbalm and chocolate and plain sweetness. hux whimpers into kylo's mouth, trying to drink him in as kylo's hair-pulling borders on painful, but he feels his grip lax as he kisses one final desperate time, like this is the only time he will ever feel hux's lips on his, before pulling away. the sudden summer air feels uncomfortably warm on hux's swollen lips, as as he runs a hand over his mouth, kylo mumbles, "first kiss virginity. check!" and as stupid as it sounds, hux can't help from letting out a laugh and touching his forehead against kylo's. "so, i guess this means we're official now," kylo murmurs, and hux bites his lip in a grin, burying his face into kylo's shoulder. they stay like that for a while, and hux wonders where they will go from here. Chapter 10 Summary: song: there's a class for this - cute is what we aim for end notes (because ao3's formatting is a bitch) where have you been, roisin?! i hear you all cry. STUCK IN SCHOOL HELL, THAT'S WHERE! i have been SO busy over the past few weeks that i didn't have time to update! i'm so sorry, please forgive me! i hope you all still like this and this chapter makes up for the wait, oh my god. the song playing in hux's bedroom is PoW! by FEMM also, if you're curious as to where i get the titles for kylo's journal entries - most of them come from reddit, funny pictures or quotes i can remember, or just daily conversations that i have with my friends! fairly certain laws were broken AND dicks were sucked to pull that off. sunday, june 21, 2016 summer is starting to wane and bend like an old tree but my feelings are anything but dying. i never understood why people called it being lovesick because why could a sickness so heady and good be seen as that? i mean my boy(friend) is staying in the closet longer than that gap hoodie i bought back in the 2000s. but he has reasons, so its okay. also i was sifting through old photos and i found one of rey just after she'd graduated from high school. she was 15 here! can you believe it? how fast time flies. we are all dying. (caption this. "i'm free!") all comments (7) kylo sighed as he stood up and stretched out every limb in his body, EDM thudding jerkily over the speakers of his radio. he had made the decision to clean his whole room up instead of working on his looming art assignment, and as a result had also rearranged everything. kylo shoved his vinyl boxes back into place, enjoying the clunk as they hit the legs of his desk. it was still mercilessly hot outside, the warm air blowing through the open balcony doors of his attic bedroom as he walked outside to try and cool off. he leaned on the balcony railings, breathing in the fresh air and car fumes. good old chicago. kylo felt his phone buzz in his pocket, the shrill ringtone of the offspring cutting through the air. he fished it out - Damn Dameron - and bought it to his ear. "p-diddy dameron. what can i do you for, my man?" "buddy," poe said down the phone, his voice a paragon of seriousness. "yes?" "you know- you know time? as in clocks and stuff?" "yeah?" "when did that begin?" kylo rubbed his eyes, groaning. "it's like not even eight-- it's like-- fuck, it's two?!" he picked his jaw up off the floor before continuing. "i-i- time was created by the sun and shit, right? like the greeks or the romans or whatever." he spun his finger round in a circle even though there was no point because poe wasn't here. "they had the sun clock things. sundials!" "yeah, but-- like... who woke up one day and was like - you, you know what a great idea would be? clocks with numbers! how did they set the first clock to the current time?" poe continued as kylo made his way back indoors, booting a pillow onto his bed before crashing down into his mattress. he blinked, squeezing his eyes tightly closed before blurting out, "where's the best place to have sex?" "forever ago- what?" "sex. having it. best place. you're like the resident casanova in my life, so i figure you're gonna be the best person to ask. there's a knockup between my house or hux's and i've never been but he's really rich and i don't wanna accidentally break his fuckin'... ornate ming vase while i rail his ass." there was a short silence on the end of the phone before poe said, "move the vase." "holy shit, you can see the floor !" kylo slid his eyes away from an article on serial killers to see rey's head poking up through the trapdoor, eyes wide at the clean state of his room. "i forgot you had, like, actual floorboards." "wow. i eagerly await the gold star on my sticker chart for good behavior soon," kylo said as she jumped in, running over and plopping down in his computer chair. rey spoke as she wheeled herself around - "how's your fancy man?" "fancy man?" kylo snorted. "boyfriend." "ah. he's fine. we kissed yesterday. careful, don't fall through the trapdoor." "ew. and i'm fine," rey said, wheeling herself into the wall by accident. she turned around and slid back over. "you're like, so in love with him. does this mean that after a kiss you're gonna have sex?" kylo laughed dryly, his mind flashing through images of a few days ago. he wondered if anyone had used the bathroom since. "maybe. i don't know. that's not for young ears to hear." "hey! i'm seventeen ." "exactly. young." "asshole," she scowled, but her face relaxed. "what are you doing today?" "ah man, i don't know. i might go on a walk or something. i really wanna... i really wanna go and see hux, actually." rey rolled her eyes, standing up. "go and see your boyfriend-guy. i'm gonna be at home watching blade runner , so don't wait up if you wanna join in." she slipped down the ladder. kylo listed to the patter of her feet as she ran downstairs, sighing to himself. now was a better time than ever. hux jerked at the knock on his door, pulling his earphones out to mute the steady stream of drake that had been playing. he sat up as his mother pushed the door open. "darling, there's a man outside for you," she said, her voice neutral. "tall, dark, rather handsome. one of your friends?" hux narrowed his eyes. "is he... wearing a leather jacket?" "i think so," she shrugged. hux darted to his window and felt his eyes round to saucers as he saw kylo ambling outside their gates. he nodded at his mother as he ran out the door, sprinting down the staircase two at a time before skidding towards the door and practically wrenching it open. he ran down the gravel driveway towards kylo, a big grin splitting onto his face. hux stopped in front of him and kylo, on reflex, reached his hands out to pull his face close for a kiss. hux felt a slice of fear tear through him and he quickly swatted kylo away. "not here," he said through gritted teeth. "remember?" "oh. oh! o-of course. sorry," kylo said sheepishly. he settled for an awkward bro-hug, making polite small talk with hux as he let him through the driveway and into his house. kylo's voice tailed off as he walked in. he could barely comprehend the sheer scope of the hallway, not to mention the staircase that tailed up from it. he'd only seen these types of rooms on reality television shows; he had no idea they actually existed. "wow," he mumbled as he slid off his jacket, barely registering hux taking it. "you-you really do live in a big house." "well," hux said, raising his eyebrows. "when mum's a model and dad's an oil giant, nothing is too small." kylo nodded and then blinked as a red-haired woman suddenly appeared in front of him. katherine hux was tall and slender and leggy, but a little shorter than kylo, even in her heels. her pale skin hung on some of the strongest bone structure he had ever seen, and her fiery red hair offset her blue eyes and her blue eyes offset her white blouse and dressy black trousers, accentuated by a gold necklace. kylo had a flicker of a clue about fashion but he could guess that the total cost of her clothes could probably have paid for a week's food. she smiled at him, showing off her cosmetic dentistry. "hello. i'm katherine hux, wolfgang's mother-" kylo felt hux cringe beside him. "-who are you?" she finished, and kylo bit back a laugh as he extended his hand to shake hers. he figured a fistbump wouldn't have been appropriate. "very please to meet you, mrs. hux. my name is kylo ren - i'm... wolfgang's friend." "oh! a friend, how lovely!" she said in a tone that expressed genuine pleasure, ignoring his hand to kiss his cheek. she smelled of two-hundred-dollar perfume. "you never told me about him!" she said to hux, who wriggled. "we-we met at the local art store," kylo said. "uh-- i was buying sketchbooks and i needed help, and your son was just the right guy, i guess!" he shrugged in a universal motion of 'what can you do' before letting his shoulders drop. "i see. well, come into the kitchen. do you want anything-- coffee, or a cold drink?" "uh, coffee, please." kylo said, as they walked into a kitchen that had been ripped straight from a showroom. he dropped his voice to say privately to hux, "nothing like a three-hundred degree drink on a hot day." the statement was accompanied by a hand squeeze, which at once comforted hux even after kylo let go of him. the two men both slid into twin stools and hux listened as kylo bumped his toes against the breakfast bar, looking out the window behind katherine as she set the coffee machine into motion. there was a click next to them, and hux sighed before sliding off his stool, effectively blocking whatever had came into the room before he turned around with what looked like a ball of orange wool in his arms. "millie! we have a guest. say hello," hux said, and he wiggled the cat's arm up and down a friendly gesture. kylo tried to hold himself together at the sight of hux with a cat, his heart pounding. "sorry," hux said as he went over to the side of the kitchen and placed millie in some sort of cat pen. "she's very fluffy, so the kitchen is an excluded zone." kylo grinned at him, his attention suddenly diverting as a man walked into the kitchen. brendol hux was tall, and broad, with a large nose, thick eyebrows, and thick red hair, coiffed neatly. he also had one of the funkiest beards kylo had ever seen; trimmed neatly around his jaw with flicked sideburns, fading out to a dark grey. he strolled in, greeting katherine with a booming, "darling!" before kissing her. hux rolled his eyes and slid back next to kylo, who was watching the situation unfold. brendol's attention was suddenly diverted to the pair as katherine walked over to slide them their coffee; kylo took his and began gulping it down, oblivious to the temperature. hux wanted to tell his he'd scald his throat, but if it was a different time and he didn't have his dad standing in front of him, he would have. he sipped his, teeth clinking against the mug, before placing it back down on the bartop. "wolfgang!" his father said. his voice sounded like a tiger ready to strike; viciousness wrapped in a thin sheen of false politeness. "who's the biker ?" "artist," kylo replied sharply, with an easy smile. "name's kylo ren. i'm your son's friend. pleasure to meet you." the last sentence was dripping with sarcasm as he extended his hand for brendol to shake. "firm handshake there," brendol replied with a laugh, and kylo wondered if it was just a rich white dad thing to comment on that. he'd only been around brendol for all of thirty seconds and he already hated him. katherine was only mildly better. kylo glanced sideways and saw hux staring emptily into his coffee mug. he looked like he was on the verge of tears. kylo had been at hux's for nearly two hours when katherine suddenly strutted into the living room, clad head to toe in a slinky gown, and announced, "wolfgang. me and your father are going out now - there's a dinner tonight to do with his company in new york. we probably won't be back until tomorrow afternoon. will you be okay?" hux blinked, his stomach stirring in both confusion and excitement. she'd never asked him if he'd be okay on his own before. "s-sure, mum. i'll be fine." she smiled, but her eyes didn't light up. kylo rolled his head back to his magazine, sprawled out on one of their three couches. the dark leather was slippery and cold and he was trying to shift into a position that was comfortable, but also left his butt-print. he could barely contain his grin at the fact that his master plan was falling into place so perfectly. katherine clicked out, and he heard her shuffling for her coat, her and brendol exchanging quiet conversation before the big man himself came through. "wolfgang." he said, and hux's head shot up. "there's food in the fridge if you're hungry, and kylo - feel free to stay over. there's a guest room you can use." "sure," kylo said, trying his hardest not to snort. "well, see you tomorrow," brendol said as he walked out of the room. "goodbye!" "bye, dad!" hux called as the door slammed. the sound reverberated throughout the house and hux swallowed. he was alone with kylo, who had no intentions of leaving soon - if at all - and had no idea what to do. "thank god! now your rich white parents - trademark - are out of the way, you can show me your room! come on!" kylo said suddenly, grabbing hux's hand and running up the flight of stairs. he spoke as they bolted down the hallway - "this is like what kids used to do on sleepovers. hey, show me your room! " "okay, slow down. kylo!" hux said, and kylo stopped. hux led him to his bedroom door and pushed it open, feeling at little rush at kylo's "wooooooo!" kylo danced around, touching everything. "it's so big! there's so much stuff! dude - you have a bookcase?!" "don't you?" hux asked, and kylo shook his head. "i just have more of a book rack, like a toast rack. oh, your sketchbook!" before hux could stop him, kylo had picked it up and was leafing through. "you drew your cat! and the sunsets and shit. and-" kylo stopped suddenly on one page, and hux could see a smear of charcoal. he shifted as kylo lifted up the sketchbook to show hux's neat little drawings, cartoonlike. "-me." kylo's tone suggested shock, almost - a reverence. "y-yeah," hux mumbled, swallowing. "i drew you." kylo breathed out, tracing his fingers gently over the art. hux watched him scope the soft pencil, fingertips staining, before closing the sketchbook and setting it back on the desk. he squeezed the edges of the chair's seat, staring out of the window. kylo suddenly became aware of a pair of slim arms draping around his shoulders to clasp at his chest loosely, hux's face settling into his hair. kylo smiled, kissing hux's fingerstips before standing up. he turned around, hux staring up at him, still latched around his neck. kylo grinned. "let's not waste the night, yeah?" "are you sure you don't have lube?" kylo said as he rummaged through hux's bedside drawers. "am i gonna have to go downstairs an fetch the medeterranian olive oil made from genetically purified olives?" " no !" hux said in alarm, naked body shifting against the mattress as he kicked the duvet out the way, femm playing over the speakers. the room was warm, and his stomach hurt from laughing at kylo. "and here we have l'asshole , seasoned delicately with 'er-bhs and oil," kylo said in a mock french accent, waving the little bottle of lube around as he knelt back up. "perfect for eating." hux tried to not drool as kylo rubbed the slippery liquid around his fingers, ignoring the blobs that dripped onto his thighs. "you're obscene." "borderline. and you love it," kylo said, leaning down to kiss hux's forehead. hux sighed into the kiss, suddenly moaning and arching up as he felt kylo push a finger inside of him. it felt weird to have something inside him, moving. hux let out a strained " ah !" as kylo rubbed up around his prostate, leaning on a shaking arm for support. his body was coiled round, kylo unfairly calm as he kissed hux's jaw. hux suddenly felt a loss of contact and knotted his eyebrows together, panting as he watched kylo wipe his fingers on the duvet. he stretched, extending his body high. "you've got some impressive abs," hux mumbled. "are you gonna incorporate my hades body into your sketches now?" kylo asked, his tone cocky as he flexed. "maybe. no, don't-" hux sighed as kylo kissed his biceps. "you are so stupid." "how harsh! i'm about to give you what's probably gonna be the best sex of your life, and you're insulting me." kylo grabbed hux's hips and rolled him onto his front, pushing his hair from his eyes. he pushed inside the redhead, pressing fast kisses to the sweat-soaked area between hux's shoulder blades as he fucked him roughly, groaning in appreciation at hux's whimpers as he buried his face into the pillow. the sun from outside beat through the open window, heat enveloping them both in a peach glow as hux's blue eyes shined brighter than ever before and kylo's glittered hazelled gold. the scent of smoke and sea floated through the room to mix with sweat and sex as kylo raked his hands through his hair, tilting his head back to release a growled " hux ." the sound of his name from kylo mixed in with the pink bubblegum beat of the song nearly set hux over the edge. he mewled into the pillow as kylo grabbed his hips, smelling the scent of clean summer air and candles, eyes hazed by sex. "wait, wh-what the- no! kitty !" hux snapped out of his stupor to see millicent sitting to the side of them both, seemingly assessing the situation. "feels like having your kid watching," kylo sighed. hux gasped suddenly, grabbing the headboard as he came without warning, kylo's pleased groan settling into his brain as he moaned, scratching at the wood. hux trembled as kylo came with a whispered, "hux." he felt kylo pull out of him and then flop on top of him. "i can't believe my cat just watched us orgasm," hux groaned into his arm. he smiled as kylo laughed. kylo ran his fingers through hux's hair a few times before turning his head back to kiss him. his lips were gentle and chapped, tasting of coffee, and the sky was pink and the music was soft and the air was clear and hux felt his stomach melt as millicent nuzzled against his shoulder and kylo murmured, "don't you think this world is better than you expected?" Chapter 11 Summary: song: check yes juliet - we three kings end notes (because ao3's formatting is a bitch) the title of kylo's journal entry comes from this parody of rey and finn's meeting. it's silent, but please proceed with caution as the dialogue is very nsfw! sorry this chapter is so short. i am very tired and not impressed with it. it might be a good idea if you start offering events to happen/that you would like to see because i've been so busy with school that i've not had time to plan properly! if you don't offer anything it's going to be a load of them just walking around, y'know...? feel free to drop a line! speaking of school (this is a biggie) - i might not be able to update as often. school is really starting to take it out of me right now with gcse exams JUST around the corner (starting on may 18th) and i really don't have the time to study and update this. there might just be sporadic updates every week, but i'll try and keep it regular! female orgasm?! i thought that was a myth! monday, june 22, 2016 i woke up from a dream this morning and thought i was still in it when i saw you across from me, asleep. then i felt your morning wood poking me and the moment was shattered. still, the golden sunlight streaming down upon us nearly tricked me. all comments (3) "kylo." kylo groaned, murmuring in protest as he felt a pair of hands shaking him awake. "mmh. what?" he opened his eyes to see hux staring at him in urgency. "good morni-!" "you have to leave." hux demanded. "what?" kylo burst out, still half asleep. he wriggled up to sitting, rubbing his eyes. "what-what are you talking about?" "mum and dad are going to be home in a matter of ten minutes. you have ten minutes to get out of here before they set foot on that polished wood floor." kylo knotted his eyebrows together. "why's it such a big deal? they said i could sleep over." "they expected you to be in the guest room , kylo! the guest room that would have had to have been unpacked because there's so much junk and boxes in there! they'll know you slept in here because nothing's been touched!" hux cried, practically shoving kylo onto the floor of his bedroom. kylo grunted in protest, scrabbling up as millicent shot out from underneath him. he stamped around to the foot of the bed as hux carried on, grabbing his shirt and throwing it over his head. kylo winced at the feeling of sore muscles, regretting curling up last night. " well , you can tell harvey specter and cindy crawford that them deciding to put me in the trash bin was pretty fucking rude!" kylo said indignantly as he tried to yank a sock from millicent's claws. "i mean, what am i - a spare part?" hux sighed, his hair sticking up at odd angles from sleeping. "i never said you were; it was their idea. if they came in and we were curled up together, i would be beyond... dead. i'd be fucking beyond dead, kylo." "i could make a necrophilia comment, but i'm not going to." "how civil. combined with you being able to dress yourself, you'll... boy genius'll be ready for jeopardy! any day now." "fuck you." kylo yanked on his jacket and then froze as he heard a noise. "what?" hux mumbled, and kylo turned to stare at him as they heard katherine's high-pitched trill of, "wolfgang, honey! we're home!" "fuck," hux whispered, then slightly louder - "fuck, fuck, fuck!" he snapped his fingers and pointed at the ground. "slide under the bed!" kylo wasted no time in grabbing the foot of the bed and slipping under with a wink like he was about to go down a waterslide. he shifted around uncomfortably, grunting. "you alright?" hux said. "yeah. i'm a master at fitting into dark, tight spaces." "you're disgusting." "what the hell, man? i was talking about my caving hobby." there was a sudden quiet from under the bed as kylo tucked his knees up, head bumping against the wall beneath the head of the bed. hux tugged a shirt over his head and straightened up, just as katherine swept through his door. kylo could see slender, hairless ankles in jimmy choo move towards the bed as a kissing sound came from above him. "wolfgang! how are you? has kylo gone?" "hey, mum. i'm fine. and yeah, kylo... went a while ago. he told me to thank you." kylo frowned, a little hurt at hux's blatant misunderstanding of his character. "oh, how nice of him! well, your father and i are going to be indoors for most of the day, so if there's anything you want to do then just tell me," she said as she began to walk out of the room. "bye-bye, darling!" "bye," hux replied, and katherine left in a haze of curls and perfume. the two men waited until she'd left before kylo shot out from under the bed with a, "smooth." "thanks. look, you have to go. there's a door in the kitchen that'll lead you out to the side of our house - you can just walk down the streets until you get home," hux explained. "don't be too loud - have fairy feet." "fairy feet. got it," kylo said, leaning over for a quick goodbye kiss to hux's mouth, squeezing his jacket to check he'd not left his phone, and departing quickly. he crept down the hallways, reaching the top of the staircase before starting down. he'd read in a detective book that walking on the sides of steps made less noise, so he practically glued himself to the wall. he could hear the faint buzz of the tv as he hit the floor, slipping across to the kitchen and silently opening the door before stepping out. he was hit by hot air and sunlight, sticking uncomfortably to his sweaty body as he blew air through his mouth and began the trek home. "how was your sleepover?" kylo heard rey call as he closed the front dor behind him. she was curled up on the couch, reading an issue of people magazine. she looked up as he came in, her dark hair braided into a halo. "oh man, brilliant. we ordered pizza and painted each other's nails and told each other about our crushes," kylo said, flopping down next to her. "where's mom and dad?" "out," rey replied, flicking a page over. "and sounds like i missed something awesome." kylo laughed in a puff of air, tapping his fingers against the armrest. silence collected in the air. kylo had found they'd both got better with silence as they'd got older. no more of rey pestering him to play with her or of him yelling at her to close his door had taken a good toll on them both. they could go days without speaking to each other. today was not one of those days, so when kylo opened his mouth rey took a moment to register he'd even spoke. "sis. what do you do if you're in a sort-of relationship with someone but you don't really know if you should cross the lines of making it official or not?" "what?" "you heard!" "is this about your boyfriend?" "he's not my boy-!" kylo stopped himself suddenly. what even were he and hux? they weren't... dating. that was too near, too much. it didn't feel like they were dating. they fucked and hung out. friends with benefits? lovers? rey sighed. "look, kylo..." she began. "just date the fucking guy and get it over with. don't chuck yourself in headfirst and start sending him a hundred roses or something - just accept the label. it's just dating, it won't kill you." she flapped her magazine. kylo wondered how she was always so matter-of-fact. kylo sat on a rock on the beach, staring out at the endless stretch of water in front of him. the sun was setting and he'd lost count of how many times he'd been down here recently. the sky above him was painted lilac-blue, puffed with stamps of teal clouds. the only sounds were the gulls and the tide, mixed through with the soft breeze around him. it wasn't cold, but he was wearing a hoodie, nestling in the material like a child. just 'cause. kylo scuffed his toes in the dry sand, turning his head as a figure suddenly sat next to him. he caught sight of a flash of orange as hux wriggled on the neighboring rock, nodding in greeting. kylo nodded back. hoodie zipped up to the bottom of his nose. hux frowned before licking his lips and saying, "sorry if i was sharp with you this morning." kylo raised his eyebrows. "s'alright. you were tired and stressed. happens to the best of us." he mumbled through the material, not turning his head away from the horizon. a silence permeated the air before hux spoke. "i, uh-" he swallowed. "i did some googling a-after you left, and there's-there's a song about your place, right? ocean avenue?" kylo laughed, a genuine easy laugh. "yeah, by yellowcard. 'there's a piece of you that's here with me, it's everywhere i go, it's everything i see.' i listened to it on loop when we moved here, i was so homesick. it makes me inexplicably happy and really sad at the same time." "bittersweet," hux murmured, and kylo nodded. "yeah," he said, staring up at the sunset. "bittersweet." he wished a nuclear bomb would drop right now, evaporating the sands around them and sparking off a war that meant they could retreat to their bunker and stay in bed together all day. he imagined a universe where he could wake up to see hux's face every day, forever. he found that he liked it. seagulls cawed above the two men as the waves crashed against the rocks, the sun a dying yellow stamp in the waning pearly blue of the sky as the earth went to sleep around them and the moon came out to play, waxing white in the luminescent skies. hux felt kylo's warm fingers lace in his, curling his toes in his sneakers so the gritty sand shifted around them. maybe this is what we need , he thought as he squeezed kylo's hand. "i'll have to take you there sometime," kylo said absentmindedly, not thinking about what he was saying. "just the two of us, y'know? together. i'd really love that." maybe they could make this work out. ( we'll be together for one more night, somewhere, somehow. ) Chapter 12 : summer 2016 - end Summary: song: so much love - the rocket summer / the predatory wasp of the palisades is out to get us! - sufjan stevens end notes (because ao3's formatting is a bitch) i tried my best to tie everything up in this chapter and i'm quite happy with how it came out. i feel like the overall tone of the fic, as well as characterization, has changed immensely from the first chapter - hux, in particular, has snapped out of the sulky mode we were introduced to him being in. poe x sufjan is a crack otp that me and mel phasmma established. we both actually ship it. oh god. summer is over! (ironically summer over here is just starting as i finish this set lol) thank you for all sticking with me throughout these first twelve chapters; we can finally hopefully get things moving now! (also, hey - don't forget that i have a writing blog; i'm kurochrome on tumblr. hey, wood! why don't we BUILD something? tuesday, june 23, 2016 ive decided im going to go through with this whole thing. life is too short to close off your feelings and stew around. thank you, mayor emanuel, people of chicago, for allowing me and wolfgang hux to meet at such a time. also be at my apartment in 15 mins for an ass kicking rewatch of akira. comments (8) kylo was lying on his back, staring up as the ceiling fan. he could feel sweat collecting under the waistband of his jeans, forming a sticky line as he shifted around. the fan made a fwup fwup fwup noise, mixed in with the sounds of birds and traffic from outside. the air smelt of ice-cream and stuffy heat. kylo felt lightheaded from the heat, a woozy aura overtaking his skull as he closed his eyes and sighed through his noise, three fingers of his right hand curling. his phone suddenly beeped, awakening him from his early draft of a nap. he reached out to it, scrabbling it over with his index finger, to see a text from finn - kyguy. / poe's watching some documentary on trees so wanna come over and play cah with me? kylo squinted, his eyes seeing double as he texted back yes! poe and finn's house was clean, clutter-free, and had the merciful gift of air conditioning. kylo felt like a better person once he stepped through their door. he was greeted by finn sliding round the living room door with a beaming smile before pulling him in for a hug. finn always gave the best hugs and kylo was sad when he let him go; they gave him an odd comfort for a brief few seconds, in the same way his mom's did. "hey, man. what's up?" finn asked him as he pulled kylo into the living room. "ignore the squatter." he pointed at poe, who was sprawled on the couch in a way only seen in gq spreads. poe flipped him off, eyes transfixed on david attenborough. "not much. i think i'm gonna die from the heat. my sweat is sweating," kylo replied as he sat down. finn snorted as he shuffled the cards, already arranged into two blocks of black and white. kylo pulled ten from the white stack, shifting through them and holding them close to his chest. "wanna start?" finn smirked. " during his midlife crisis, my dad got really into blank." kylo slapped a card ( pretending to be happy ) down on the table. finn placed his ( the holy bible ) down, and flipped them both over. "they're both as good as each other! what the hell!" kylo exclaimed, and finn laughed. "mine is... a little better," he said. "i agree," poe called from the couch, uninitiated. "let my boyfriend win or i will chop your balls off, kylo." "violence never solved anything!" kylo said, winking as he threw the cards into a separate pile. he drew another one from the box, and the two men began to chat as they played. " what has been making life difficult at the nudist colony? how's your boyfriend?" finn asked. kylo sighed, sliding a card ( developing secondary sex characteristics ) forwards and sitting back, leaning into his chair. "i don't know." "you've had an argument already?" poe asked, in tandem with finn placing his card ( a whole new kind of porn ) in. "no. we've just... i don't know how i feel about him," kylo admitted. there was a long bar of quiet. "what?" finn burst out. "but you're dating !" poe said. "not officially," kylo replied. "at the moment, the closest thing you could state us as would be friends with benefits." poe groaned. "kylo. i train you up to be a classy motherfucker, and this is how you betray me?" "i didn't betray anybody!" kylo cried. "just... stupid love emotions shit." finn cocked an eyebrow, a heavy sigh escaping him. "i know your problem." "what?" "your problem is that you don't want to admit you're in love with him," finn said, leaning back and folding his arms. "it's really common, so don't worry. you think that if you admit you love him, you'll make it real, and that scares you, right?" kylo, who knew he was backed in, gave a small nod. "kylo, nothing will change if you don't admit this to yourself and to him. hux is very much in love with you and you're in love with him. when he looks at you, he sees light and brilliance, yadda yadda." finn waved his hand dismissively. "case closed." kylo exhaled, rubbing his hands over his face. he flopped forwards. then - "thank you, finn." "don't mention it," finn said. then he said, "you do realize that i only bought you over here so i could talk to you about that, right?" "what?!" "i can't believe you forced me to watch a frickin' documentary on trees for like ten minutes so kylo could sort out his gay feelings!" poe gargled into his pillow. "ten minutes of my life i could have spent kissing you!" kylo made a blech face. "god, you two are so gross. i mean, it's adorable, but gross." "like many things in life," finn said. kylo smiled, standing up and shrugging on his coat. "i'm leaving now. so make out at your leisure." "goodbye. and i will be chasing you up later, so keep your phone on!" poe yelled as he shut the door behind him. the bench was just as warm as it had been on the 24th. the grass in front of kylo was stained with streamers from someone's party the night before, and the sun was warm and low in the sky. the first shades of night were creeping in as kylo saw dark blue clouds float over a wash of mustard yellow. he turned to see poe treading over, sneakers kicking up dust over the chalky pathway. burnt grass crackled in front of him as poe came to a halt, his jacket swirling in the breeze. "hey, mick jagger," he said. he was plugged in to his ipod. "what's up?" kylo shifted. "nothing." he hoped poe didn't have that lawyer's power of seeing if people were lying by their heartbeats or whatever. "what you listening to, man?" "the predatory wasp of the palisades is out to get us by sufjan stevens." "oh, neat. he's the guy who wrote 'chicago', right?" kylo asked, and poe nodded. "that was on like every romcom trailer ever a few years ago." "predatory wasp was written about me," poe said suddenly, dropping it like some kind of minor detail in life's great canvas. "wh- no it wasn't! fuck off, dude!" "it was." "no." "it was!" " no !" "it was and it's about a drunken encounter me and sufjan had one night at an outdoor party by the lake," poe said. "can confirm. was there." "you're... so full of lies," kylo said, snorting a little. "well..." poe replied as he sat down next to kylo. "tell that to sufjan. earbud?" he offered, and kylo took it, lodging the plastic into his ear. the song was gentle and mournful, strings and flutes. a short silence passed between them like radiowaves, only punctuated outwardly by the static of the breeze and a tinny radio playing from a window in the distance. kylo squinted out at the waving bushes in from of them. he wondered how everything had changed so fast in less than ten days, how he'd fallen so deeply in love and become lost in the forests of his own heart so quickly. it had flown right by him like a swiftly-dodged punch, only now clipping him on the cheekbone to open the skin. the sky was dulcet tones of golden and blue as the sun settled down, sweet guitar drifting into kylo's ear as the song reached its crescendo. we were in love, we were in love. palisades, palisades, palisades. he bit back something in his throat, balling up his fists in his lap. his fragile emotional cocoon had shattered and the loneliness that suddenly entrenched him was a familiar feeling; the tears that came with it were not. i can wait. i can wait. red hair. blue eyes. freckles. the way his nose crunched when he laughed. kisses that tasted of mint and vanilla. kylo swallowed, making a strange noise that caused poe to look over at him. i can't explain the state that i'm in the state of my heart, he was my best friend "kylo?" poe asked gently, concern littering his voice. "you okay, buddy?" "y-yeah, i'm fi- i'm fine," kylo said hollowly, wiping his eyes with the back of his hand. he bit his bottom lip to stop himself from crying. "no, you're not," poe said. "what's wrong?" "i-i just-" kylo sniffed. "oh god. i just- i love hux so much, man. i love him so much. that sounds so obvious, but it's true." he rubbed his eyes with his hand. "i'm a fucking idiot for only just realizing it now." there was a pause and poe said, "then why are you sitting here with me? you need to tell him. you're wasting your time talking to me." kylo looked at him, his expression vulnerable and blank, then jumped when poe shouted out, "what are you waiting for?! go! now!" kylo bolted up to standing, suddenly overpowered with a wave of adrenaline, and ran. behind him, he heard poe yell, "good luck!" loyola beach was virtually empty save for a few couples taking strolls; kylo felt out of place in his hoodie and jeans. the night had fully settled now, the sands lit by the storefronts and mall opposite. a hive of activity separated by a single concrete pathway and a row of trees. a crunch of sand sounded in front of him and he saw hux running over, waving. "kylo!" he called. his jog was more gisele bndchen than jesse owens, long limbs sprawling everywhere. "hey!" kylo smiled weakly as he stopped in front of him. "hey," he replied softly. he took a breath in, swinging his arms forwards to grab both of hux's hands. "oh!" hux said in surprise. "ha-ha." he squeezed kylo's hands in return, rubbing his thumbs over the delicate ridges of kylo's metacarpus. his skin was rough, and worn from painting. the music faded as a new song started, and a car drove past them. kylo had closed his eyes, his expression almost one of intense focus. "y-you have something to tell me?" hux asked, as the smell of street food drifted over like smoke to mingle and float with the seawater, cloudlike and cloying, around them both. kylo hesitated as his eyes fluttered open and he nodded, sliding his palms over the backs of hux's hands as he let his eyes flicker across the ocean, blue crystals shot through with embers. kylo's voice took on a soft lilt that hux pulled over himself like a blanket, his words just audible over the distant, whining traffic as he began carefully. "well you see last night chicago was warm and darkridden, empty windows like empty eyes and skyscrapers like the earth's twisted aching teeth, and i swore that this city was the most beautiful thing in the world, a hunched monster on a lakeshore, blacking out stars, too beautiful for beauty, too brilliant for light but then i remembered you and your unmonstrous celestial beauty and your starlit brilliance and i thought i thought... maybe chicago is second best." there was a brief silence after that hung in the air. kylo was looking down, his shoulders shaking as he zoned into the grains of sand. he imagined it filling with water, the little hole of grit draining into a pool that a seawater river could fill for a tiny world to live inside. the strings of his hoodie swayed in his line of sight, hux's voice a pleasant murmur in the background. "sweet." kylo looked up, his voice high-pitched when he spoke. "what?" hux laughed. "that's so sweet." kylo exhaled in immense relief, his face breaking into a genuine smile as hux giggled in front of him. they both took a moment, their laughter echoing around the evening sky, melting up to the clouds. when they stopped laughing, their eyes seemed to magnetically meet again. hux's were radiant and bright, kylo's dark and glowing, like a solar eclipse. kylo licked his lips, edging forwards slowly as he took hux's hands once again. hux's vision flickered over kylo's lips, cheekbones, eyes as he moved closer, looking up at him. closer, closer, closer when kylo closed the distance between them, softly and gently and all at once, hux threaded his fingers through kylo's and squeezed tightly as a symphony burst between their lips. it was sweet and slow and tasted like beauty. hux felt himself fall slowly backwards, kylo following to land on top of him as he slid his fingers through thick red hair, kissing hux and holding hux-- "i love you," kylo whispered as their foreheads touched, hux half-buried in the sand. hux bumped his nose against kylo's. "i love you too." they both laughed on the beach as they grasped at wet sand and warm bodies, laughing and lovedrunk and youthful, blissfully unaware of the bright, glittering future set out for the both of them. Chapter 13 : autumn 2016 - begin Summary: song: oh, calamity! - all time low end notes (because ao3's formatting is a bitch) i'm so sorry this chapter is late! i'm dealing with a LOT of stressful stuff at the moment (final exams, a terrible cold, life in general) and trying to fit this in was a nightmare! so much for wanting this to become popular, haha... as a result of my final exams starting this wednesday, there will be no new updates on this fic until june 18th. so that's a five-week hiatus. i'm still going to be semi-contactable on tumblr, but mostly i'll be gone while i revise and enter exam hell :( i straight up just googled 'colleges in chicago' so i'm sorry if there's any errors! also, for reference and/or perspective: rey is 17, jessika is 17, hux is 20, kylo is 21, finn is 23, phasma is 24, and poe is 25. MEANWHILE AT THE LEGION OF DOOM monday, september 13th, 2016 i love/hate fall because everything is usually dying and starbucks has nice drinks but i always get colds oh yeah and college has started up again. at least stationary is cheap now. all comments (4) "...so, like-- are you saying catfish got deleted?" kylo asked, phone molded to his ear as he skirted around a swarm of students. he cursed as he felt his books slide out of his grasp, yanking them close to his chest like a baby. "sort of. i mean, it just got recorded over," rey said down the phone. "and who even records things, anyway? this isn't the nineties!" "hey, i record things," kylo said. "but anyway, that sucks because this week's episode looked really good." "you only watch it for max!" "shut up! i have my reasons, rey," kylo replied, jumping towards the staircase. he tugged his scarf loose as he saw poe loitering against the banister, a landmark in a sea of unfamiliarity. he greeted him with a cheery grin as they both climbed towards the top of the staircase, sliding past the opening so they didn't create a bottleneck. "hiiii reeeeey!" poe yelled into the phone. kylo winced and she squealed back in reply. "okay. i have to go now." kylo said. "i have- i have an education to get to. i need to go and learn about things. like atoms and mussolini." "mussolini sounds like a fish." "are you gonna make paper airplanes again?" poe asked him, and kylo rolled his eyes. "no, you're thinking of mussels. right, sis-- don't do anything stupid while i'm gone. yes, i am your voice of reason. okay, okay-- bye!" kylo scuffled with his phone as he pressed the end call button, sliding it back into his pocket. poe nodded at him as they both began the trek down the hallways to class, kylo's scarf hanging loose. "are you ready for two hours of chemistry?" poe smirked as he stretched. kylo groaned. " please don't remind me. i lived a happy summer before i set foot in here and died." poe laughed, slapping him on the back. "don't worry. just blog or something and make a few notes. i'm gonna play gta five, if my laptop can handle it." "your work ethic is inspirational. and your laptop will blow up, so just listen to the soundtrack instead -- i'm pretty sure cara's station is on redtube-- youtube. fuck ." kylo dragged his hand down his face, grinning a little at poe's laugh. he shook his head, blinking, before feeling his eyes widen. hux was leaning against the doorframe of the class, effortlessly dressed for summer. kylo wasted no time as he shoved his books into poe's arms, broke into a sprint, grabbed hux by the scarf with one arm around his waist, and locked him into a kiss. it was not searing or urgent, and carried just the right amount of sweet slow passion for lovers who had been apart for two weeks. kylo's grip on hux's scarf loosened a little, and he felt somebody bump his shoulder as a chatty group walked in behind them. hux's hand reached up kylo's back to grip at his coat-- "guys. we're in public ," poe said. "you can go kiss-kiss when we're outside." kylo broke off. "excuse me, is this the same man who constantly swoops himself on finn at any given moment telling me to calm down?" "how dare you expose me like this!" poe said, biting back a grin. he gave a little wheezy giggle as he strolled into the class, grabbing kylo's collar to pull him along. "come on. we have to learn science." "i can't feel my legs," kylo moaned as rows filed out of the room. poe was cuddled up to finn, who was gently stroking poe's mop of curls. poe kissed his jaw. kylo raised an eyebrow. "'you can go kiss-kiss when we're outside?'" "there is a difference between a gentle kiss and sloppy teenage makeouts," finn said, nudging his sunglasses further up his nose. "me and poe bridge the line between disgusting couple-ness and class ." " class ," kylo mimicked. he smoothly dodged the pencil finn threw at him. "stop! we're still bff's." "you're like cher horowitz trapped in the body of ezra miller," finn replied. kylo nodded in agreement. "you're so messy." "i'm always messy. also who wears fucking sunglasses in autumn?" "i do! also, can we leave? i want a latte and this place doesn't serve them." "welcome to the terror dome! we serve no nice things to remind you that you deserve to suffer," kylo said as he stood up and stretched. poe slid out of his seat, grabbing finn's hand to pull him up to standing. hux drifted up, resembling a floaty willow tree for half a second. the quartet strolled out of the class, kylo falling back to be in step with hux as poe and finn walked on ahead, holding hands and talking about something or other. hux grabbed kylo's hand, squeezing it. "did you make notes?" "i played minesweeper." "you're gonna fail your finals, you know that?" "ah, finals schmimals," kylo said. "i was doing really well! no, but seriously, i took notes." "right. how's rey?" "she's fine! we spoke earlier, actually. my tv show got recorded over and she was dragging me on how i still recorded things because--" kylo put on a british accent. "it's 2016, nobody records things anymore!" hux laughed as they stepped outside, the red leaves coating the world in a warm glow against the sharp bright blue sky. "oh, wow. i really have to meet her one day." "yeah man! i've met your family, now you need to meet mine. we'll sort out a date or something soon." "that would be nice." there was a short pause as hux hesitated. "i've always wanted to see what your family were like from the moment i met you." kylo grinned. "they're pretty cool. me and my dad are sort of separate but we get along in our own little way. we bond over, like, music and stuff. i'm more of my mom's kid, while rey and dad are the secondary team. but my mom loves us both equally, apparently." "what's it like, having a sibling?" "oh, it varies. when i was younger i hated it because baby rey took all the limelight away from me-- and she was so noisy ! always crying and yelling. she was really energetic and tomboyish as a kid. i usually was the one who plastered up her knees after she fell off her bike," kylo said. his voice was wistful. "i remember one time when i was like seventeen and rey was fourteen, uncle luke - he's really cool - made this kind of weird zipwire thing in the backyard - it was like a washing line attached between two posts? and the slidey thing was a coat hanger , i mean-! anyway, rey was bursting to try it so she strapped on her bike helmet and kneepads and against my, uh, wishes , she went down it... and then the cord snapped and she fell off and all hell broke loose. she was okay, just a little bruised - the fall was only like two meters or so. but still, it was really weird because i remember feeling so freaked out about it. i think that was when i first realized that she was my sister and not just some kid - like the concept of her potentially being seriously hurt terrified me. i still look out for her, but she knows judo and kickboxing and stuff now, so she's okay." hux broke the silence by saying, "that's really sweet." "stop it!" "no, it is! i wish i had a sibling," hux said, and kylo rolled his eyes. " please! only children always have this romanticized idea of a sibling and it's not true ! rey once drew all over my wall with crayons when she was seven and i flipped out. she really did not care about me at all until about the age of twelve. i was just..." he waved his arm. "...big brother kylo." "yeah, but still. oh, starbucks!" hux said as the coffee house pulled into view. he grabbed kylo's hand, sprinting across the road and past finn and poe to pull him in. the warm aroma of coffee hit them as they joined the queue. hux snuggled into kylo's shoulder as kylo squinted at the menu, kissing hux's knuckles. "i want a latte," kylo murmured. "then get one." "you know how you buy lattes and they do like-- the little leaf with the cream? i love that." "you are a man of simple tastes. i'm gonna buy a grande caramel macchiato. also, get me a brownie," hux leaned up to kiss kylo as he slipped out of the queue, edging into an empty seat against the window. kylo shuffled up in the queue, coming face-to-face with a staff member. "uh, hey. can i have a medium caram-" "tall, grande, venti, or trenta?" "can we not do this?" kylo pleaded. "tall, grande, venti, or trenta?" the woman repeated, flicking her fringe out of her eyes. "what's the medium one? i'm so sorry." the woman rolled her eyes and kylo winced. "a grande caramel macchiato. can i get you anything else?" "uh-- a... grande caff latte and a chocolate brownie, please. can the latte have the milky leaf thing?" he asked. the girl looked at him. "yes." kylo nodded and pulled out his wallet, awkwardly counting out his cash, trying to find the exact amount so he wouldn't have to go through the embarrassing ritual of getting his change. he stood to the side for a little while, quickly grabbing his tray when it was slid towards him as he glanced around for hux. "you would not believe the effort i went through for this," kylo said, his heart lifting at hux's little cheer when he sat down. he sipped at his latte, watching as hux tried to shove a whole brownie in his mouth. "i don't say this often, but don't choke. the brownie isn't gonna grow legs and run away." "i didn't have any breakfast this morning," hux said. "this is my breakfast." "jesus, what the hell? i thought rich people had like... eggs and fruit and toast or whatever for breakfast every morning! i saw it on gossip girl ! blaire always had these really fancy breakfasts!" "well, i'm not blaire waldorf," hux replied, gulping down some coffee. his scarf was wrapped loosely around his neck, the scooped collar of his long-sleeve shirt exposing the delicate line of his collarbone. kylo fixated on it intently, zoning in on that patch of skin. hux glanced up at him, then tugged his scarf up with a smirk. "oh, goddamn you. also where are finn and poe?." "they ordered takeout. can a man drink his coffee without being ogled?" "i was not ogling! i was merely appreciating your neck." kylo chugged his coffee, sticking his tongue out at the taste. "isn't that what vampires do?" "it's what i do. if we were alone i'd be leaving purple marks there, so be glad i'm holding it in." "i'm so happy it's scarf season. you can do whatever you want to me and nobody will know." kylo leaned across the table to kiss him. "i'll be fucking you blind in a fancy hotel next week, mark my words." "four seasons?" "only the best for you." "i'll make a note in my diary." "you do that. anyway, i have to leave now, so i'll see you later? tomorrow? a-s-a-p?" "tomorrow. i have a shit ton of work to do tonight and i'm shattered to the point of death. so dream of me tonight or something." hux stood up, grabbing kylo by the lapels of his collar before capturing his lips in a searing kiss. kylo felt his head swim a little before hux pulled away. "you're dangerous," kylo murmured. hux smiled. "i know." kylo watched as he walked out, red hair fluttering in the breeze, his heart beating a mile a minute. Chapter 14 Summary: song: paprika - omniboi end notes (because ao3's formatting is a bitch) ian hibbs is the owner of supergroup, the company behind the superdry clothing line. superdry clothing is only available in the uk unless ordered online. the models katherine refers to are natasha poly , malaika firth , and sasha luss. kylo's shirt is an actual shirt from the house of holland 2007 fashion line. i made a psa post regarding the future of ocean avenue. it'd probably be worth reading if you care about this fic and want to carry on reading it. black mento market tuesday, september 14th, 2016 i was evaluating how i could die earlier today aaaaaaand drumroll ive decided that the most likely way is if i plan my own kidnapping for a prank but then it turns out the gang arent fucking around and im shot or wake up in a bath of ice in miami feeling dizzy. its just a prank bro. i wont die from a broken heart cause our bio professor says thats biologically impossible and implausible and all these other -bles. i did once nearly die when crossing the street cause my headphones were in and if kanye hadnt stopped rapping at this exact second some rich assholes car would have sucked me under the wheels and i would be all gooey. anyway. whatever happens please lower me into my grave to this song. all comments (7) "you're going to give kylo your denim jacket?" hux looked up, chewing a mouthful of eggs benedict, his expression incredulous. "i think kylo would like it." he swallowed and took a gulp of coffee. "and besides, it's autumn now. it's too cold for denim." katherine furrowed her brow. "but still, your jacket was a birthday gift from your father. is it too small for you now?" she speared a mango chunk with her fork, biting it delicately. "it's not like ian hibbs himself sent it to me directly," hux shrugged. "i won't miss it." katherine looked almost worried, but her expression suddenly changed to one of calm as brendol strolled through the door, greeting him with a calm, "darling!" everybody was still dressed for bed; katherine in her coffee nightgown with the matching lacy tangerine robe, brendol in his quilted bathrobe, hux in his plaid pants and shirt. hux winced as they kissed, scraping his fork across his plate. he grimaced as his dad suddenly hit his shoulder in a way he probably thought was friendly. "wolfgang! how are you this morning?" "fine," hux choked through a mouthful of eggs. he wiped his mouth on the back of his hand as his dad sat down, a newspaper under his arm. "any plans for today?" brendol asked, scanning the text. hux sighed. his parents had the diary approach to life. he could never just drift through like a dandelion clock, doing whatever he felt like. he had to have a regimented schedule for the day. "probably just college work," he mumbled, even though he knew full well he didn't have any. katherine gave a tinkly laugh. "ah, you and papers. you work so hard; maybe you should do something fun," she suggested. hux couldn't believe his ears. his mother wanted him to have fun? brendol nodded in agreement, still reading his paper. "all work and no play makes wolfie a dull boy." "you used to call me wolfie when i was five ," hux said weakly. he stood up and walked from their dining room into the kitchen, scraping his food into the trashcan and leaning down to place it in the dishwasher. "oh, leave it there, darling. sophia will clean it up," his mother said. hux hated the way she treated the staff like slaves - sophia was their maid, and hux only occasionally saw her. she was plump, and short, with frizzy brown hair scraped back into a tight bun. their cook, antonio, left the kitchen for a cigarette whenever they ate. hux could see a slither of checkered pants through the windows as he stood out on the porch, a thin line of smoke drifting up. since he bothered to talk to them like people, hux was on good terms with all of the staff. "wolfie, i've been wondering," he heard his mother's voice trickle in, and he turned around. "how about i give your jacket to one of my girlfriends? natasha or malaika, perhaps? i overheard sasha wanted one as well." she gave him one of her flashy smiles, showing off her perfect little cat teeth, and hux felt his stomach flip. millicent suddenly wound around his legs, and he picked her up. she was soft and fluffy, her fat warm body wriggling against him, like a comfort blanket. "why can't kylo have the jacket?" he asked, and his mother bristled, scowling. "oh, i know  it's because he's poor." the poor came out sharper than he had intended. "that's not it" "then let him have the jacket." "he doesn't need the jacket. he has that leather one already, destroyed as it is. honestly, you would think his parents would at least buy him a new one," she sniffed, turning back to her coffee. hux stared at her, agape. were they aware that not everybody had money lying around? "you" "wolfgang." hux stopped as his father spoke, his voice low. "don't talk back to your mother." hux glared at them both before turning on his heel and stamping out of the kitchen. his threaded his fingers through millicent's fur as he walked up the staircase, treading into his room and dropping her. she scrabbled on the floor for a few seconds before darting under his bed, and hux fell onto his duvet, the mattress springing. the ghost of kylo still lingered in the air, even after the bed had been washed. hux had tried very hard to scrub out any remaining stains, even blaming them on millicent at some point. hux bounced up off his bed, walking over to his closet and sliding the door open. he flicked through shirts and pants before coming to his denim section, pulling out his jacket. it was a little scuffed around the elbows, from a machine rather than actual work. he thought about kylo, with his battered leather jacket that was missing a sleeve and had holes in the armpits. a cleaner counterpart. hux showered and got dressed, carefully folding his jacket into a square. he pressed it against his chest, quickly buttoning up his shirt so it wouldn't fall out. the denim felt cold against his skin when he moved, but it was a lot easier than carrying it under his arm or in a bag past his parents. he hoped he wouldn't sweat over it under his ten layers. hux buttoned his coat and tied his scarf, creeping out his room and down the hallway. he tiptoed downstairs, edging past the living room, closing the front door silently behind him as he left. "rey, stop !" kylo shrieked as a lucky charm hit him in the eye, groaning at rey's yell of, "kobe!" he shoved a piece of toast in his mouth, pushing his hair back with his hand as he tapped away on his phone. "no phones at the breakfast table!" leia said. kylo rolled his eyes and dropped it in his lap, out of sight. chart music blared over the morning radio as rey messily spooned cereal into her mouth, her hair fluffing out at alarming angles. kylo rubbed his eyes and caught the attention of his mother assessing him. "what?" he asked. "you've got coffee around your mouth. come here," she said, grabbing kylo's jaw in a signature Mom Death Grip. kylo wriggled and yelped as she spat on a tissue and scrubbed at the stain. "noooo! not the spitwash! anything but the spitwash!" he cried. leia smiled and let go of him, throwing the tissue at him. it missed and fell on the floor as his han walked in the kitchen, his hair like a bird's nest and his face a textbook picture of someone who was up far too early for their liking. "hey, dad!" rey said. "good morning!" "good mornin', bro." kylo said. "rey, you are far too cheerful for someone who was running around the house at seven this morning. and ben, i'm your dad, not your bro," han said, walking past them and over to leia. she stood on her toes to kiss his cheek, and as she bobbed back down han gave her a kiss on her temple. rey scrunched up her nose and smiled as if to say aw, that's cute , and kylo just said, "ew." "why's it ' ew? '" han suddenly said, fixing him with a look. "'cause you're our parents , and it's weird to see you kissing." "we had sex to make you. both of you," leia reminded him, and kylo did a full-body cringe. "mom! please! breakfast!" he said, wriggling. leia threw a dishcloth at him. " what - why're you guys so mean to me?!" "'cause you have trouble with shutting up, kid," han said matter-of-factly. kylo pouted and glugged down his orange juice before standing up. "right. i have a very busy schedule of doing nothing so i have to go and get ready. duty calls," he said, placing his dishes in the sink. he walked out and then suddenly stuck his head around the side of the door - "rey, please put that tissue on the floor in the trash for me." kylo had tried his hardest to pretend college didn't exist, but it remained an unmoving evil force in his life. he kicked a stone as he sat on a bench outside the building. he carefully tugged at his scarf, wincing when he heard the tape on his elbows bend. he went to put his hands in his pockets, but realized he couldn't, so he balled them into fists and carefully settled them on his knees. he wondered about asking uncle luke for a new jacket; he went travelling a lot, so kylo guessed he had enough money. mom's books weren't selling as well as they had hoped; they had enough money to pay the bills and buy food, but extravagant presents were still a little way off. he looked across the campus to see hux strolling towards him, his dark gray peacoat wrapped tightly around his slender frame. kylo grinned as he approached, eyes following hux as he sat down next to him, their bodies practically glued. "hey! good morning!" kylo said, a little too cheerfully. hux smiled back and looked him over briefly. kylo was wearing jeans with genuine holes in the knees, a shirt that said my flies are undone, lily donaldson and his battered black converse. the once-white laces were gray from trailing on the ground, and his leather jacket was still on, dogged after years of use. hux felt himself soften a little at how kylo was still trying so hard with it, the broken zipper still together in whatever places it would connect, the armpits and sleeves patched up with tape. he was keeping his arms straight, hands planted on his knees because his elbows wouldn't bend. hux sighed and sat next to him, untying his scarf and unbuttoning his coat. "what're you doing?" kylo asked. "hold on," hux murmured, reaching under his shirt. he slid the folded jacket out and presented it to kylo. "ta-da! got you this." kylo frowned at him, taking the jacket and unfolding it. a brief silence hung in the air as he let his eyes skim over it, the dark blue fabric flapping in the wind. hux glanced at kylo, confused. "well?" he asked. "what do you think?" "it's... a jacket." kylo replied blankly. he gave a little scoff. "a very expensive , designer " he continued as he heard hux groan next to him. "denim jacket that probably cost more than the average person's weekly food shopping bill. darling, why did you give me this?" "because" hux clenched his jaw and continued. "you need a new jacket." kylo looked at him, hoping his expression conveyed the offense he felt. hux crossed his arms, looking guilty. "what?! you do!" the redhead said. "your-your leather jacket is falling apart, kylo, and it's gonna make you look bad." "oh, what, are you saying you don't wanna be seen with someone who doesn't dress in the material equivalent of six hundred dollars?" kylo shot back. "no! no, i'm not saying that!" hux said urgently. he felt his stomach twist and spotted poe out of the corner of his eye, leaning against the front steps and smoking. he was watching them argue, stony-faced. "i'm just saying that... you need new clothes." kylo stood up, the movement so jerky and sudden it made hux jump. "fuck you," he spat. he threw the jacket on the ground. "excuse me?" hux's expression was that squinty-eyed, white-toothed easy smiling one with his mouth open just a little that kylo could tell meant what the hell? kylo didn't reply, instead fixing hux with a look of contempt and turning on his heel, walking away. his shoulders were set square, arms hanging uncomfortably at his side. hux watched him go incredulously, picking the jacket off the ground and folding it up slowly without looking away. he felt like the last two minutes had been a dream sequence. he didn't even register poe walking over to him until he heard the snap of his fingers. "what are you doing?" poe said, flicking his ash on the ground. "what do you mean?" hux replied, dazed. poe snorted, throwing his cigarette into the bin, he sat down next to hux. he crossed his legs, sliding around to cover the width of the bench. "i'm about to give you some advice as your friend, hux, so listen close and listen well." hux looked at him, eyes big. "the organa-solos are not a rich family. you could say they're getting by on just over enough money to pay the bills and buy food. kylo, by account, does not have enough money to buy new clothes." "so i gave him the jacket, poe, i gave him the!" hux began, but poe cut him off. "i get that. i get that you mean well. but kylo doesn't see it that way. he's grown up being very aware that his life isn't one of luxury. so, when you come along and stick a one-hundred-and-eighty dollar denim jacket in his lap, he doesn't know what to do. i could see that you did it with good intentions, but to kylo, it seemed like you were insulting a very sore spot of his." poe paused, his hand resting on hux's knee. "put the jacket back under your coat, catch up with him after school, and apologize. i trust you he'll accept the jacket after he realizes you were trying to be kind. okay?" he said softly. hux nodded, feeling small. "okay." "good kid. now, go. you've got a lecture to attend." hux had never daydreamed during a lecture so much in his life. he'd made the decision to sit a few rows behind kylo, who hadn't even looked at him when he walked in, and spent the whole lecture awkwardly glancing at the dark-haired man. his shoulders were still square, hand attached to his notepad. hux wondered if he'd ever considered becoming a footballer. he typed slowly at his laptop, more writing gibberish rather than taking notes on world history. the lecturer's voice turned into a distant drone as hux zoned out, senses only focusing on the click of his keys and the letters they produced. dynastic circle. sima qian 100bc. mandate of heaven model, corrupt ruler. overthrown when ruling dynasty becomes corrupt. z ddd e dmgsjskqd__ he opened up his files, looking for a picture to complete his strange poster of notes. he clicked over his camera roll, looking blankly at the photos that spilled out in front of him from his various holidays over the years, uniform rows of color. dubai, botswana, marrakesh, shanghai, reykjavik, lima. he wondered where kylo went on holiday. he wondered if he'd ever been on holiday. hux clicked on a random photo. dynastic circle. sima qian 100bc. mandate of heaven model, corrupt ruler. overthrown when ruling dynasty becomes corrupt. z ddd e dmgsjskqd __ the lecturer finished and everybody stood up to pack away. hux saved his file under revision notes . he waited until kylo had left, closing his laptop and standing up, trying to ignore the heavy feeling in his chest as the day drew to a close. the autumn season bought change in everything; the days, the temperature, the people. kylo had thrown his jacket over his shoulder, sliding his feet along the paving stones of the sidewalk as he made his way home. the air was frosty, his breath clouding in front of him. kylo had always thought it was cool as a kid; he pretended he was smoking, or a dragon, or on fire. opposite him was the playpark, empty except for a few high schoolers, and the sky was dark blue, dusted with pink dropping clouds from the sunset, burning at a small point in the distance to cast orange shadows over everything. the streetlamps were already on, one flickering and buzzing. kylo stopped abruptly when he glanced in front of him, a familiar smear of red passing into his vision. it was a leaf. a perfect curled leaf resting on the wet paving stones, like a flame. kylo crept towards it, afraid he might blow something so delicate away. bending down, he picked it up very gently by its stem, twirling it in his fingers. he stooped, placing the leaf on the ground again to reach into his backpack and pull out a thick textbook, flipping it open until it rested in the middle. he settled the leaf carefully in the center of a page on atomic bonding, slowly folding the book over until it was closed and the leaf was pressed in between. kylo placed his book in his backpack, putting it flat against the back of the bag so it wouldn't fall over. he stood up, continuing on his walk. turn left at the lights, walk down the dark alleyway that smelt of wet leaves, past the convenience store with the fizzing light and the flashing crooked sign that said OPEN! in blue and red neon behind the dirty window, past old mrs. stacy's home with the flower-tied fences and the neat front lawn, and up the porch steps to his house, where the windchimes would sing softly as he closed the door behind him, and the tv would be on, and the house would smell of paint from rey's dollar-store canvases, and everything would be okay. hux dropped his satchel on the floor when he walked in, the hallway dim and brown from the creamy orange glow of the living room on the left side. he could hear the tv playing some movie, and from the smell of sandalwood in the air, his mother had lit a candle. next to perfume and him, candles were just about his mother's favourite thing in the world. hux peeled off his coat, swallowing as he hung it up. his scarf followed, wriggling up the wall to take its place curling up in his coat collar. he toed off his shoes, and walked upstairs to his room. a brief glance in the living room told him that his mother had fallen asleep on his father, one slender arm stretched across him. must explain the lack of a greeting , he thought. hux glanced at the clock in the upstairs hallway 9:09PM. kylo hadn't waited for him after class, hadn't messaged him or called him or even... done anything . hux sighed, leaning over to his desk and turning his lamp on to flood the room with a small amount of amber light, casting shadows over his walls and furniture. he unbuttoned his shirt quickly, whipping the jacket from his chest and shoving it so fast into his closet he barely even looked at it. he closed the doors silently, shrugging into his pyjamas. millie was asleep in her basket. hux snorted quietly. even his own cat didn't want him. as he pulled himself into bed, he became very aware of what it felt like to be lonely, staring up at the ceiling with his heart feeling like a rock and his eyes stinging. hux didn't know how far away kylo was, or how hard he'd have to pull until he came back to him. Chapter 15 Summary: song: october nights - yellowcard end notes (because ao3's formatting is a bitch) alright alright... rough sex fixes all, especially if it's semi-inspired by a scene from inherent vice. and yes, the song that plays during it is love lockdown by kanye west. i imagine hux listening to kanye pretty much 24/7. the original of hux's drawing can be found here. the artist is incredibly talented and i urge you all to support them!! the solo household is based fully on my best friend's house. she has a five-foot tall figurine of a griffon made from plastic spoons and sandbags in her front garden. it's as beautiful and amazing as it sounds, and is actually incredibly detailed. i know this is a weird chapter and it's shittily written and i'm sure none of you care about this fic anymore and im sorry but i just wanted to get off easy cause its been a very rough while mmkay LETS GO tl;dr - i lost my virginity to the loving banks of the colorado river. wednesday, september 15th, 2016 what's your most embarrassing moment? go to google.com and type in '1024mb black cherry lounge gig' basically i had a metalcore band for a day with some old highschool friends (i was vocals) and i say for a day cause the whole joke was that we only played one gig, like 1mb is one gig of memory you know? anyways the gig was a fucking disaster cause we werent serious-slash-prepared at all (iirc drew - keyboardist - literally thought up of our name on the spot) and we were totally underprepared and shit and my sis recorded it all from the balcony seats where shed bought her friends with her so its on youtube forever. go watch it and laugh at our shitty 2011 haircuts as we try and get a bunch of drunk twentysomethings to mosh to shitty screamo. ah well it was fun haha. also i went to the beach this morning and took this pic im gonna photoshop a giant octopus into the background. also this turned into one long fuckin update. all comments (12) "kylo!" kylo groaned at the mention of his name, uncurling from his gloomy duvet cave. it smelt of a pungent sweetness; deodorant and tangy sweat and cum. he needed to wash his sheets. peering his head over the fabric, he saw rey staring at him, her head poking out from behind his door. a scowl was painted across her features. "what?" he replied. "mum says you need to come down for breakfast." "i fucking no ! i've just woke up and i just want to stay here and rot all day, okay?!" "no! not okay!" she said, her voice raising. "breakfast! now!" "no! fuck off!" "or what, dickwipe?" "or i'lli'll hit you." "we both know i could knock you flying with my little finger," rey replied, and the low gravity in her voice made him bristle to a halt. kylo dove back under his duvet, flopping onto his front. "go away. slide some pancakes under my door or something." he heard rey sigh sadly, softly, and he suddenly hated himself more than he thought possible. "we didn't make pancakes, dummy. it's just..." her voice was small, and he could see her staring into the hallway, dragging her foot along his dirty carpet, fingertips trailing over the door as she tried not to cry. "...it's just cereal. whatever, i don't know why i bothered. go and see hux or something, i don't" "i'd rather kill myself than see him again," kylo interrupted, his speech muffled by the pillow. a heavy silence hung in the air at the abruptness of his statement, punctuated by something clattering downstairs. he gritted his teeth so he wouldn't cry, hand bunching around the pillow. "fine," he heard rey whisper, and then the patter of her feet as she left. hux stared blankly into space, the white of his ceiling growing and growing and growing. it reminded him of how he hated looking up at clear blue skies because he felt like he would drift up into space. sometimes the feeling became so strong he felt like he was leaving the ground  but he was usually just about to fall over. he wasn't waiting on anybody in particular, but when his phone buzzed he almost dropped it, because maybe, just maybe  Poe Dameron now Yo he felt his stomach twirl a little, and let his phone slide out of his hand. it clattered to the ground, the message unopened. hux bought one hand over his eyes, not wanting to look at anything. he breathed for a few seconds before reaching one arm down to pick up his phone and plug it into his dock, glancing over as he opened up a playlist. turning up the volume, he stood up to grab his sketchbook. flipping quickly past drawings of a man who currently hated him, he picked up a pen and began to draw. he thought of the models he saw in magazines. W , i-D , Vogue , Dazed and Confused  thick stacks of them decorated his bookshelves. he always stared at the pictures, rather than reading the articles, so he had a good idea of what a typical model looked like. he sketched in high cheekbones and full lips, a square jaw. the music muted briefly as a text came through. hux ignored it, drawing thick hair. it was starting to take shape. a few hours later, hux suddenly looked up. it was coming up to dinner time; he'd been drawing for almost four hours. he looked down at his finished drawing, adding a few tweaks with a white crayon. he grimaced  "ah, fuck."  as he caught a glance at his hand, which was caked in charcoal. squatting next to the dock, he slide past apps until he came to his messages. poe had sent three: Yo dude wyd Huuuuuuuuuux hux tapped out i'm here , standing up and unhooking his phone to take a picture of his drawing. poe had replied at lighting speed. thank FUCK you're alive I was starting to worry lol wyd? just finished this YOOOOOOOOOO WHAT THE FUCK BRO THATS INCREDIBLE holy shit seriously that's really good! you should sell your art man i'll sell my art when you sell your music i already sell my music ;) fuck. shit. HAHA. are you okay? and there it was. hux groaned at poe and his trick of luring a person in with sweet talk before striking. i'm... okay. well, no. i'm not. aw, poor widdle baby. is it your boyfriend? my whateverfriend at this point aah, i see. you'll get over it  go see him tonight and apologize before everything gets worse with time. also gotta blast, me and finn are watching a movie. ttyl x hux rubbed his eyes, thinking about poe's words. maybe he was right. maybe waiting this out would make it even uglier. maybe he should go and see kylo tonight. but first, he had to wash his hands. hux was sitting on a bench, the same bench he'd been sitting on with kylo in the summer. he sat to the left, leaving a gap for an imaginary person. the comic-book store was still open at eight P.M, a sign saying that they were having an autumn sale. hux bunched his fists in his lap, nuzzling into his scarf like a cuddle blanket. he was stuck halfway, having set off from his house before sitting down and rethinking every choice he'd ever made. maybe this was a dumb idea and poe had been in the wrong. maybe he should have waited. maybe he should "wolfgang hux?" he heard a voice say, and he turned his head. a girl, probably around fifteen or so, was gawping at him. her brown hair was in a bun, and she was swaddled in so many layers that she reminded hux of a dumpling in thick boots. "oh my god! it's totally you!" her voice was plummy and posh, and most certainly not chicago-native. "...hey." hux replied cautiously. then - "um, do i know you?" her pencil-lined eyes widened even more. "oh my god, i'm so sorry! i'm rey, be- kylo's little sister. it's nice to meet you at last!" she was chirpy, compact, and bright, like a cell phone. she was the complete opposite of kylo's relaxed, lumbering manner. hux suddenly pictured her as a hamster in a ball, rolling frantically around his (not so much now) boyfriend, the sleepy dog. rey lifted herself over the bench and sat next to him, hands flat in her lap. her nails were bitten to the quick, painted with glittery polish. "yeah, you too," hux said. "um... where are you from, if you don't mind me asking?" his voice had taken on the same tone as it had when he first met kylo. "you don't sound very american," he added with a small laugh. she grinned. "i'm from westminster! everybody always thinks that me and my brother aren't related, but we are! well, i was raised away from him in london for a few years, that's why my accent is like this, but he was raised in chicago, and he also spent some time in indiana, so he sounds kinda like a banjo, right? anyway, he alwaysalways always talks about you and i think he mentioned something about the fact you're not getting on very well at the moment so if you want you can come back to our place and see if you wanna patch it up and pleaseplease please say yes 'cause he's totally not moving and he's being a dickhead and it's just suuuuuuuper annoying so please say you'll come over!" she finished, her hands balled into fists. hux shook his head blankly, blinking. "I'm sorry, i switched off after indiana." rey sighed theatrically, resuming her rapid-fire speech pattern. "you have to come over and see him! he's turned into, like, this boy martyr with a wolf gnawing at his chest and it's lame. plus i actually want to do stuff with him now like watch movies and he doesn't want to and it's so dumb 'cause it's just a stupid jacket and... argh! so please come over and talk to him, yeah?" "oh, um... sure. is tomorrow okay?" hux asked. "I don't want to just turn up." "huh? no, now! we leave our front door unlocked, dude! nobody'll mind!" and the way she said 'dude' sent a biting pang through hux's stomach because she was the fucking mirror image of kylo in a way and it felt like rubbing salt in a wound. she grabbed his hand and pulled him up to standing, setting off at a determined pace. her hand was locked around hux's as she dragged him through the streets of chicago, winding past people like a little bulldozer as he apologized for her briskness. they passed a rundown newsagents, a front yard decked in flowers, and rey finally pulled him up to the porch. she let go of his hand and turned around. "okay," she began, hands on hips. "he's up in his room, but this also means you're gonna have to meet our parents. also, if he goes all weird on you  just shout, and i'll come rescue you. okay?" "weird?" hux replied. leaves swirled around his feet. rey paused. "he just might freak out on you, that's all. or he might not." "great." "also, he's been playing music really loudly for the past... two hours. it's all rock shit, so please get him to switch it up. what music do you like?" "i like... kanye west," he replied awkwardly. rey brightened. "oh, awesome! me too. anyway, come in, come in." entering the solo household was like entering a different country. there was stuff everywhere, strewn over every surface. it didn't give the impression of a hoarder, but if kylo had told him his family were hoarders, hux would have one-hundred-percent believed him. the floors were clean and bare, and family photos hung in the hallway  beach holidays, rey and kylo splashing in the sea, wedding photos, roadtrips. hux shrugged off his coat, his amazement broken when he heard rey yell, "MUM! kylo's boyfriend is here!" upstairs, kylo felt his body freeze. downstairs, hux swallowed and threw his coat over his arm. he looked around for somewhere to put it, but he didn't know where, so it hung awkwardly over his arm as he moved into the kitchen. "there he is!" rey said, pointing at him. "hux" she pulled him forwards. "this is my mum. mum, this is hux. i can't believe i'm taking over the role of kylo for tonight, but whatever." "hello, it's nice to meet you, mrs... solo." hux said, trying to smile. "oh, call me leia! hello, it's nice to finally meet you at last  i was beginning to think you weren't real," she said. her voice was croaky and musky, and her glasses were round and well-cleaned. she was soft and short, and hux wondered if this was what a mother looked like. "do your curtains match your drapes?" she asked suddenly. "i excuse me?" he gargled. "sorry, mum's super inappropriate like all the time," rey said, filling a glass with water. "...yes. yes, they do!" hux replied, with a little laugh. leia nodded. "good to know! your hair looked fake, so i wondered if it was." "thank you, that does wonders for my self-esteem." she laughed, a warm cackling sound. "you're a funny kid. anyway, my son is upstairs, so please go and drag him down if you can. feel free to help yourself to anything if you want." hux nodded, dipping slowly out of the kitchen door with a "thank you!" as he places his coat over the banister. he stood at the bottom of the staircase and took a breath in, before starting up quietly. kylo's door was ajar, and he could hear a soft din of music coming from the slither. hux shivered, raising his hand to knock, the dropping it, then tapping his foot against the door to push it, then darting away as if he'd been shocked. he went through this little dance a few times before jumping as he heard kylo say, "jesus fuck, just come in ." hux breathed in, and pushed the door open slowly. kylo's room was bathed in an orange-red glow, and it smelt heavily of incense. hux leaned back against the door to close it with a click, feeling very much like he'd just wandered into a den of wolves. and one was looking right at him. kylo was sat on his bed, back against the wall, one arm resting on his knee as he stared at hux. he was naked except for his jeans, which were unbuttoned but zipped. there was something predatory in his eyes, sudden flashes of deja vu passing through hux as he remembered the night they'd first met, the way kylo looked at him then. like he wanted to eat him alive. "h-hello," hux stammered out. there was a pause. "didn't know we were being formal now," kylo murmured, and hux felt a thrill pass through him at the smooth, deep sound of his voice. he'd missed it. "i meant... hey ," he said carefully, casually, and kylo snorted. "please. i can sense your tension from a mile away." another pause. "maybe you should get rid of it." hux squeezed his eyes shut because oh god kylo knew exactly what the fuck he was doing with that thrown-in line, as cheesy as it was, he knew exactly what he was saying and what reaction he wanted from hux and  possibly even worse  what hux wanted from him, deep deep down. he felt his heart hammering in his chest as he remembered the gritty bathroom floor against his palms, the feeling of kylo's hands digging in his hair and grabbing his skin, the smell of sweat and cleaning fluid. hux opened his eyes and a little gasp escaped his mouth because kylo is right there, right in front of him, so close their noses are practically touching, so close hux could kiss him if he wants to. and he wants to. he really, really wants to. the song ends, and a new one comes in. hux feels weak as he hears the familiar first line  i'm not loving you, the way i wanted to. kylo's thumb brushes against his bottom lip, and the smell of incense overrides hux as kylo kisses him. it's predatory and red and deep, teeth and tongue rather than lips and feeling but it's what hux wants, what he's needed for so fucking long as he moans and kylo tears at his shirt, practically ripping it off him as he picks him up and spins around, throwing both their bodies onto the bed. kylo breaks off and kneels up, his hands flat on hux's chest as they slide down the redhead's body, kylo's muscular form following them to trickle to a kneel as he pulls open the fly of hux's jeans and yanks them off him. he unzips his own and throws them onto the floor, flipping hux over with a grunt. kylo gripped hux's hips tightly. "little slut " hux gasped in shock as kylo bought his hand down on hux's ass in a flurry of sharp slaps, mewling and whining. the pain was firey, and intense, and it bloomed across hux's skin. he shivered, his skin prickling with heat because he was hot, he was hot and needy and begging, ready to be fucked and kylo's hand lands on him again, oncetwicethree times and hux comes, panting with wide eyes. kylo must have put the song on loop because it felt like the third time hux had heard it as kylo grabbed hux's hips and pushed inside him and the fact that he hadn't used any lube meant that it fucking burns and hux bites the pillow as kanye ironically sang screaming, "no, no, no, n-no!" kylo's body is molded against hux's as he thrusts in, more humping him than fucking him. bad people have bad sex. kylo's thrusts ache and tears are streaming down hux's cheeks and he shivers and whimpers as kylo licks at them, tongue dragging along one cheekbone. he's jerking hux off, perhaps to try and make it better for him, and one arm is around hux's chest like a vice as he moves his ass back against kylo's pelvis with every thrust. "how's it feel to be fucked when you're still quivering ?" kylo grunts, and hux moans. "look at you, so fucking desperate you can't even talk. pathetic!" hux can hear the hysteria in kylo's voice and knows how much he must be getting off on this, this weird revenge sex he's planned. hux's face is pressed against the pillow and kylo is breathing down his neck, both of their bodies arched as hux wriggled his calves between kylo's. he's panting out whispered yes, yes, yes 's and he can feel kylo smiling against his skin as his thrusts grow increasingly hard, bound to leave bruises. hux tries to form words but he can't, no matter how hard he tries, and he lets out a soft gasp as kylo swears loudly when he comes. the last few strokes of his hands send hux over the edge, and he whimpers into the duvet. they're both sweaty as hell and kylo is still inside him, panting into hux's freckled shoulderblades. hux's skin is flushed a pink shade as his body collapses, kylo falling on top of him. "did you come?" kylo breathes. "y-yeah," hux murmurs. then  "oh... fuck... your parents" "don'tworryaboutthem," kylo says, his words mushing together as he catches his breath. there's a pause as the song reloops, and hux makes a mental note to delete it from his playlists. "does... does this mean we're evens now?" he asks. kylo doesn't say anything, and then, sleepily, "'course. love you too much to stay mad." "are we abandoning aftercare?" "cuddle," kylo said impudently, dragging the duvet over them both. "'night." hux rolled his eyes, smiling secretly in relief. "'night." Chapter 16 Summary: song: if these sheets were states - all time low end notes (because ao3's formatting is a bitch) hey i checked my calendar and i'm actually only one day out for the timestamps of this fic - kylo's last blog entry was posted on wednesday 15th september 2016, the actual september 15th fell on a thursday in 2016. halfway through i thought to myself, "hey motherfucker, maybe you should actually read what you wrote for this fic." so i realized kylo has a mattress, not a bed, and he lives in a fucking attic, not a bedroom, along with a whole goddamn plethora of other things. chapters 4-15 were a mistake. forget they ever happened! ice nine is a real place in my city - i thrift 24/7 so it's like a second home. to note - while you were all off having fun i've been busy settling into college and crying over the red hot chili peppers, so that's why i've not updated for yonks and also why there's so many rhcp references in here. very big apologies. when kylo woke up, the room had cooled to a dusty clear pink, like gelatin, and there was frost cracking across the rim of the windows. the air smelt cold, and crisp, and he could hear birdsong among the rumbling traffic of the symphonic morning commute. kylo felt like he was in the middle of a bohemian's wet dream. he grunted and rolled over, gasping and nearly cursing when he felt hux's body move against him. he clapped a hand over his mouth to silence himself, staring at his lover. hux's face was soft, his red hair mussed and falling across his face as he emitted snuffled snores. a stray eyelash was perfectly aligned with his cheekbone; kylo gently wiped it off with his thumb as he picked up his phone. is this paper? super throwback! thursday, september 16th, 2016 there is a handsome redheaded boy in bed next to me, smelling of cologne and sleep. our hands, ribs, knees, and feet fit perfectly together. luckily i did not kidnap this one. all comments (0) kylo hunched himself up in bed, chin resting on his knees as he tried to ignore how cold his feet were. he felt antsy and agitated, even after the catharsis of last night; like pencil marks that couldn't be erased, or candles with too much wax and too little wick to burn, or a full bottle of perfume that had lost its scent. there was just... something missing from him. he wondered if he should start smoking again. he wondered if he should distract himself before he overthought so much his brain turned to mush and he looked at the clock and it wasn't even ten . kylo sighed, leaning over his mattress to tug over his box of magazines, sifting through to pull one out. guitar magazine, 1995. a black-and-white photo of two men kissing on the front. kylo stared at the gaudy red title. nothing's shocking and the smaller white words. red hot chili peppers flea & dave navarro kylo blinked, squeezing his eyes. he put the magazine back in the box, slowly, eyes still transfixed on the photo. turning back, he glanced at hux, who was still sound asleep. they had college today. why couldn't oh fuck. they had college today. kylo shook hux, who groaned "vassappenin'? kylo?" "baby, i'm so sorry to do this, but we're late, we are so so so late and the prof will kill us." kylo was halfway out of bed, doing a jig on the floorboards as he shimmied into a plaid shirt and jeans. hux blinked blearily, before kylo gently cupped his face and gave him a kiss. one on the mouth  "wake up."  one on the nose  "wake up."  and one on the forehead  "wake up !" hux groaned as kylo dragged him upwards, body limp and floppy from lack of movement. "hux, please, ohmygod !" kylo's shriek was practically a laugh as he grabbed some clothes from the floor and bundled hux into them. he stepped back, hux tugging at his jane's addiction t-shirt as he shifted uncertainly in the baggy jeans, unused to such casual clothing. kylo tossed hux a pair of socks and sneakers, spraying himself with deodorant as he watched the redhead slowly lace them up. once hux was done, kylo gave him a quick spritz and then climbed out of the attic, bouncing on his tiptoes as hux came down after him with all the agility of a sloth sliding down a tree. once they were both on the carpet, kylo slid down the banister and darted into the kitchen, shoving a bagel in his mouth as leia chastised him  "about goddamn time! i was beginning to think i'd have to throw you out to wake you up!" kylo grabbed the tropicana from the fridge as he tried to argue with his mouth full, hux shuffling into view with a monotone, "good-mor-ning-miss-es-solo." "kylo, don't argue with your mouth full. oh, good morning, hux, sweetheart  do you want anything to eat?" kylo choked slightly on his orange juice as he shoved the carton back in the fridge. "he gets the niceties and i get taken out?! what is this?!" "he's our guest," leia replied calmly. "hux, i love what you did with your hair. very modern." hux slid down the doorframe with a mumbled "thankhyyoooouuuu." "i'm your son !" kylo practically screeched, scrubbing his mouth. "shut up , kylo! i'm doing a skype call and you're ruining it!" he heard rey yell from upstairs, and snarled back at her. "look, we have to go to college. we're late." kylo leaned across the table to kiss leia's cheek. "love you, mom. see you later." "love you too. don't be late!" leia said as kylo grabbed hux's hand, who waved, and strode into the hallway. "did you brush your teeth?!" "i have some mints!" kylo yelled before he slammed the door. kylo took off his leather jacket and swaddled hux in it, letting the redhead lean sleepily against him as they waited for the bus. it was a chilly morning, the streets only holding the occasional cyclist or car as the rush hour slowly melted away. he still felt bad about everything that had happened, somehow unable to keep himself from planting soft kisses on hux's hair and eyelids and cheekbones as he hugged him close. he kept telling himself it was just to preserve body heat, but the feeling in his gut told him otherwise  he felt like he had on that first summer night. kylo shook his head, shifting his hair as the bus came rolling into view. it was a comforting shape to him for some reason, and they both climbed on as hux drifted to the back and sat down on an empty row, kylo following as the bus lurched forwards. hux shifted out of the way so kylo could get the window seat, snuggling into his shoulder when he sat down. kylo narrowed his eyes  "did you make me sit here just so you didn't have to sit against the frost?" hux glanced up at him, a crooked smile on his face, and nodded. his hair was sticking up from sleep, falling in his eyes. it was a jarring change from the severe slicked-back look he usually sported. kylo found he liked it, running his fingertips through the strands as hux hummed tunelessly, his eyes closed. kylo popped a mint into his mouth, chewing as he took in the rust-teal scenery outside, a green bicycle providing a flash of colour. they were going to be late, but it's not like it mattered  hopefully the professor would have died or been abducted by aliens or just given up halfway through the course or some other nonsensical stroke of luck. kylo dug around in his pocket, pulling out his earphones and putting one in his ear, and one in hux's ear. he scrolled through until he found a song, snorting a little as he pressed play. well, my young lady, she lives  three houses away... kylo giggled as he felt hux shift against him, and then as the chorus hit  "kylo, what the fuck am i listening to?" the dark-haired man tried to keep his voice serious as he replied, "special secret song inside." hux cocked his head at him, grabbing the ipod  "gimme that." hux tapped the screen, and kylo rolled his eyes as he heard the strained first notes of sleepyhead start to play. "passion pit? really?" " i like them." "dork," kylo murmured affectionately, jogging hux in the side. hux bumped him back, and they had a little push-shove match at the back of the bus. kylo stopped, clearing his throat as he spotted an old woman staring at them from the front of the bus. "ah, ma'am." kylo turned back to hux, and the two shared a grin as the bus pulled into the college campus. "oh my goood , oh my god, we are so laaaaaate ," kylo sang as the pair ran through the corridor. they cleared the stairs at lightning speed, hux bouncing off the third step to sprint through the doors as they burst into the lecture hall. hundreds of faces suddenly turned to stare at them as the professor stopped his lecture mid-word. "gentlemen. so nice of you to join us," he said dryly. "why are you here at this unfathomable hour?" "i uh... late.... wakeup," kylo mumbled, and blushed as he heard a few snickers from the crowd. hux squeezed his hand, resting his chin on kylo's shoulder. "I'll let you both off this once because i'm feeling nice, but get in this late again and i'll kick you off the course. now, go sit down." hux dragged kylo up the steps to the back of the hall, plopping down in a spare row of seats. he grinned at finn, who had turned his head to gawk at them. kylo kicked back and relaxed in the most uncomfortable chairs known to man, stretching out like a panther in a plaid shirt. hux dug a small notebook from his pocket and flipped to a clean page, noting down the drawl from the front in squiggly script. kylo felt his phone buzz and pulled it out, sliding the notification across. it was from finn  are you two back together again? kylo pursed his lips, tapping back we were never apart. "oh my god, you sap." kylo glanced over to see hux staring over his shoulder at the string of messages. he blushed and put his phone back in his pocket. "nothing wrong with telling the truth," kylo mumbled. "i know. s'just the truth makes my stomach go all funny." there was a sudden rougher edge to hux's accent, heightened by the tiredness of his tone, and kylo wondered if this was how he truly spoke when he wasn't around his parents. "hey  do you want to go thrifting later?" kylo murmured. hux looked at him, eyebrows knotted. "thrifting?" "what? you know, like secondhand clothes... like, the, uh macklemore song." kylo tried to reach for something hux might connect with, slightly shocked that the redhead had never heard of secondhand stores. hux's eyes lit up with realization. "oh! yeah, yeah, i know what you're talking about." he went back to writing intently. kylo shook his head and sat back, staring at the clock and wishing the lesson away. "babe, it's literally down here. like a two-second walk," kylo said over his shoulder. he pulled hux through the busy crowd by the hand, dragging him towards the neon blue sign of ice nine. a young woman clad in a black leather vest and miniskirt with spiked platinum pigtails edged past them in that graceful way that only goth girls in heeled boots could, her fishnets sporting a few ladders, and while kylo paid no attention to her, hux's eyes followed her down the street in amazement. kylo whistled and pulled his boyfriend inside, immediately hit with the comforting scent of nag champa, perfume, and lived-in clothes. kylo inhaled blissfully, swanning off and leaving hux standing there. it wasn't that hux had never been clothes shopping before  he'd just never been to somewhere like... this. there were things everywhere; clothes, jewelry, incense sticks, gifts. the wooden floorboards creaked under his expensive shoes, and he'd never felt more out of place. a girl with blue-black ringlets and big, outlined eyes suddenly floated to hux's side, her snakebitten mouth all smiles. "can i help you with anything?" she asked chirpily. hux shook his head. "n-no," he blurted out. "i'm here with my boy... friend. my friend who's a boy. he's over there." he pointed shakily to kylo, and she nodded. "okay, well if there's anything, please let me know." she swanned off and hux shivered a little, pressing in on himself. he jumped when he felt kylo's hand touch his shoulder out of nowhere, and turned to see him with an armful of clothes and a big smile. "hey! i found some gear. let's go get changed." "what?" "there are changing rooms over here!" kylo grabbed hux's wrist and tugged him over to a small doorway with a blinking pink neon sign that said CHANGING. he picked a few items off his arm - mostly the ones that weren't black or denim - and handed them to hux, stepping into a changing room with a cheery, "okay, see you in a little while!" hux stood there in confusion, before turning around and nervously edging into a changing room. he closed and locked the door, stripping off before surveying the items kylo had given him. a beige cashmere coat with a fur trim; loose denim jeans with various patches ironed onto them (hux noted an i  rock 'n' roll patch right across the left ass cheek); a vintage nirvana t-shirt from 1991; a pair of literal cheap sunglasses; some ankle boots with a slight heel. hux cocked his head at the clothes, before slowly picking up the jeans and edging into them. they felt warm, and soft, much different from the stiff fabric he usually wore, and he could feel some stitching through the patches. doing up the zipper, he pulled the shirt over his head carefully, taking in the scent of patchouli oil and cigarettes. the ankle boots were worn-in and settled around his feet comfortably, making him almost as as tall as kylo. hux pulled the heavy coat onto his body, groaning as he shrugged into it. the sunglasses came last, hux blinking as he slid them over his eyes. he noted a tiny crack in the right lens. hux stood for a few seconds, trying to get used to this new feeling. he wondered what type of life the people - or person - who had owned these clothes led. he did a little twirl, letting the coat flare out, before stepping outside and knocking on kylo's changing room door. kylo, shirtless, popped his head out and lit up at the sight of him. "oh, look at you! you look so good! none of my stuff fit properly but, oh, you look awesome! you're like a more amped-up version of your normal self!" kylo was practically vibrating with enthusiasm, and hux felt a warm little glow settle into his gut hat he knew hed be carrying around like a heater in the cold autumn chill. "thank you," he replied shyly. "should i get my old clothes and then we can pay?" after hux had got over the inital shock that the entire outfit had only came to $60, the two men stumbled out of the shop together, giggling and flushed and smelling like an opium den. hux wrapped his coat further around himself as kylo snuggled into him. "we should have bought a scarf instead. and checked out the bdsm section downstairs," the dark-haired man murmured, and hux nodded in agreement. "next time." he said. "next time," kylo agreed sleepily. "oh man, i'm gonna crash when i get home. what are you doing?" "probably having a bath and changing before my parents find all this stuff," hux muttered, gesturing to his clothes. "oh man, what? why? you look great! and your mom was a 90's model, right? she'll get it, surely..." the sky was dark blue and the streetlights glowed orange as they made their way through trickles of people and closed shops, walking towards the bus stop. hux sighed, producing a long stream of fog. kylo wrapped his arms around himself to stave off the chill of the early evening air. he could hear rock music playing from someone's apartment window. "i guess. maybe. i can wear the clothes individually, and i think the coat can go through okay. maybe the shirt, as well. but the jeans are... kind of a no, unless patches come back into the mainstream." kylo's head spun a little. he didn't pay any attention to trends, so hux's comment sounded like the weirdest thing in the world to him. "well... you can always send them back to the store, or another store, if you end up not going through with them?" he suggested. hux nodded, swallowing. kylo could see his mood had evidently dampened; he felt bad as they both sat down at the bus stop together, and hux rested his head on kylo's shoulder like he had done that morning. all was silent between them, before hux murmured  "tell me about your clothes." kylo glanced over himself before beginning slowly. "well, this jacket i got from an old friend who was a biker, and these jeans i bought from a different secondhand store in oklahoma when we went there last summer. the boots are from ages ago, i think i stole them from an alice cooper show a few years back - i've taken them to the tailor a lot 'cause they just keep falling apart. the shirt is from middle school, like i rarely ever wear it except from today... and, uh, that's it." "tell me about your favorite music," hux said softly, and kylo started up again, his hands snaking down to clasp hux's cold ones. they played this game until the bus arrived, hux staring into the middle distance and wrapping himself up into kylo's voice the whole ride home, savoring the soft kisses being planted on his hair and the little strokes on his fingers. he didn't know how long they could keep this a secret anymore. Notes: tumblr: phamsa - kink blacklist for requests. requests might not get filled very quickly as i'm back at school now, but you can still send them in if you want!