Kylo Ren (1) Kylo Ren thought there would not be a bigger humiliation than his capture at the hands of the Resistance and their precious Jedi. He was sure nothing would top it (just as he was once sure nothing would top the scar running across his face, the loss of his favorite customized ship, or the loss of his leg at the hands of Skywalker ). He was sure of it until he stepped through the door. --- At first, Kylo's sure he's hallucinating from malnutrition (they're giving him three meals a day but he doesn't eat nor drink a drop and they don't bother trying to force him to either; he wonders if they're shocked that he's lasted this long with no sustenance). He's so sure of it because he wouldn't dare- that traitor wouldn't have the guts to face him, least of all alone (his mo- the general brings eight guards, the scavenger is followed by Skywalker , even the soldiers sent to give or retrieve his food tray come in sets of four-). Yet he stands alone. So Kylo watches the hallucination in silence. Nothing new there. His training under Supreme Leader Snoke wasn't just torturous , it was torture itself - he's no stranger to starvation or dehydration, let alone hallucinations. The problem is that the hallucination is just a silent. ( That's new- that's new and it bothers him- where are the screams of those who've fallen to his lightsaber, where is the man with the sandy hair and the scar across his eye and his strange anecdotes, where is the woman who is usually crying as she asks him to wake up with her ornate hairstyles coming undone, where is his master to push him forward with promises of glory and legacy, where is his master to push him forward by throwing his failures at his face and daring him to stop being weak and pathetic- where is his father -) He's starving, dehydrated, and hallucinating ( and tired , a tiny young voice he's ignored for almost two decades whispers, so very, bone deep, tired ) so he reacts as well as can be expected. He snorts and throws his head back, guffaws just as the pain from hitting the wall behind him sets in. It hurts (He doesn't remember the last time he laughed this hard- has he ever laughed like this? In his 35 years of life? He doesn't know, he- it doesn't matter ). It feels like he's suffocating for a moment before he manages to regain his breath and looks at the hallucination once more. It stares back at him, eyes wide and mouth agape. "What's next?" he asks the hallucination. He rarely indulges his hallucinations, he doesn't know why he's bothering to now. "Will the torturer of the Resistance be an Ewok?" he snorts again and shakes his head. His hallucinations have never been like this, never been quite so ridiculous ever , but anything is fair game now apparently. (He wonders if the resistance drugged him through the air bents of his cell but no, that would be against their righteous sensibilities.) "I don't think we have any Ewoks on base but I can't say I know everyone, so who knows, but I can tell you for a fact that there's no torturer around here." Kylo snaps his gaze back at it , the hallucination . One breath. In. Out. In . Out. In. Out . (The voices in his hallucinations have always been distorted, always, always, always have been- it's as if his ears have been stuffed, and in turn they become muffled, not so much that he cannot understand them but enough to let him know he's hallucinating, enough to clue him in about what's real and what's not. Never so clear .) In. Out . In . Out. (Never so clear. Never so-) Real . Real because it's not a hallucination. Real because there he stands, quiet and alone, biting his lip, one hand playing with a loose thread on his sleeve shirt and the other in his pocket (in that same jacket Kylo knows for a fact he once cut him in- a wound across his back), eyes no longer wide, no longer shocked just- FN-2187 stands alone in front of his cell. Quiet. Real . ---- Notes: fic notes: #[chants] grey jedi finn grey jedi finn say it with me now #force ghost padme bc I can and there's nothing anyone can do about it