Envelope For Rey being a pessimist, she was pretty optimistic. During her time growing up, she never really cared much about school. Most of the time she would leave school early or not even bother to come to school in which got her into a lot of trouble but she was a lonesome child and never cared. If no one cared about her, why should she? Yet when she knew that everything in life was going downhill, she would always see a tiny light that gave her hope. That tiny hope changed her completely and after high school, Rey became a different person. She started caring, for the people around her and for her future. In a year, it all drastically changed and she applied to many different colleges, she also got a job to help her maintain herself. Two weeks after anxiously waiting to receive an answer from any college, an envelope that reads “The First Order College” was in her mailbox and she couldn’t believe it. One college had actually read her essay and didn’t ignore her like the rest of the other school’s had done. She immediately ripped the envelope and opened the letter, in hopes she was finally able to pack her bags and head to college. Dear Ms. Rey, Congratulations! We are happy to say that you have been accepted into our College, The First Order! We will be welcoming you to our College and we are glad you chose us. We advise new students to go on our annual Campus Tour, in which you will be given a tour of the Campus by one of our best top professors in our school, Mr. Ren and free meals throughout the day. Please come and spend your day with us, you will also be shown around your classes and your new house! Please don’t be shy to call or email us if you have any other questions. Sincerely, Gwen Phasma , Vice Principal Rey couldn’t believe it, she had actually been accepted into a real college. She no longer had to lie every time she saw one of her old school pals and tell them that she was at UNI when she was nowhere near it, she could now actually tell them the truth. It didn’t take long before she picked up her phone and called her best friend Finn to tell him the good news. “Finn you won't guess what just arrived!” Rey screamed and she hears Finn sigh, she must have woken him up from his afternoon nap. “The tea you ordered on Amazon that you haven’t stopped talking about since yesterday and the past week?” Finn mumbles and Rey immediately laugh, she was just really happy over her tea. “No! Even better, Finn, I got accepted into a College!” after saying the word college, she heard Finn almost choke on his own breath. “No way Rey! I’m so proud of you, I told you that one of those colleges would read your essay!” Finn laughs, remembering the essay that Rey had written to the colleges. It was basically about her not wanting to have just one job, but having different types of careers, it was weird. If Finn remembers, she had written that maybe she wanted to be like Indiana Jones or maybe she wanted to be a nurse, so why not both? “I’ll show you both you and Poe tomorrow, I’m going to go take a warm bath and cry or sing who knows? I'll talk to you later!” Rey spoke before Finn and a sleepy Poe said “Bye” and she hung up. Rey immediately goes to her bathroom and turns on the water, with her phone in one hand and the letter on the other. She throws all of her clothes into her hamper and jumps into the warm bath that was waiting for her. She felt different, the light that was once small in the hill was starting to get bigger. Maybe all, this time, she was an optimistic person and just hadn’t realized it or maybe her luck was getting better. All she knew was that in a two week, she had a campus tour with someone's name Mr. Ren and she couldn’t wait. Chapter 2 : The Campus Tour Summary: Rey and Mr Ren finally meet but her entrance is the only thing that caught his attention Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The Campus Tour was commencing in two minutes and Rey wasn't nowhere to be found. Rey had overslept due to Finn and Poe's "little celebration" in which they took her to the Hub to loosen up and take tequila shots, which was something she now regretted. She had never experienced being hungover due to rarely ever drinking in her life but this time, she took shots with Finn and Rey wonders how did they ever make it home safe. They were on their way to the tour and it was obvious that all of them had a rough night and Rey's shirt was also backward which also gave it away even more. "Finn why didn't you wake me up earlier? I would have at least made myself look more decent" Rey mumbled, putting her glasses on once she noticed the sun following them. "You looked cute sleeping, couldn't help it" Finn flashes her a grins and Rey sighs, his smile always made up for the stupid things he always did. "Look that must be the Campus Tour! We should walk faster, it looks like they might be going to another direction" Rey's head snaps up and she notices the see a circle of people, her stomach drops. She was nervous, Rey was never fond of meeting new people. She didn't hate it because meeting people is an exciting part of life but it also was weird, she was starting to miss the old classes in high school that she used to hate since they never laid their eyes on her. Rey had so many thoughts in her head that it didn't take long before she made the greatest entrance to her future classmates, she tripped on her shoelace. She stood still on the floor, had she been so hungover that she tripped on her own shoelace? Everyone eyes landed on her and she immediately got up brushing the dirt off her jeans and acted like nothing had just happened. "Well apart from being late to the tour, you sure know how to make an entrance Ms..?" She hears a deep voice and she looks up to see an extremely tall guy. "he's hot" Rey hears Finn mumble it and she coughs trying to cover it up, her hands were still aching from the fall. "My name is Rey, sir. I apologize for my late attendance, I had a rough night and overslept" Whenever she got nervous, she would rant and this was one of those moments. She also couldn't help but agree with Finn. He was handsome, his black hair reached his shoulders which was a perfect length but even short hair would look amazing on him. She notices he's wearing a black coat that covered most of his chest but she could clearly still see a tattoo on his collarbone, almost as if it was meant to come out of his chest. "Well here in college no one really wants to know what you did last night, you either show up or you don't. Better start saving up on a good alarm Ms. Rey or you can start packing up your things right now and leave" Rey nods immediately and she looks at his name tag "Mr. Ren", so this was the best professor on campus? Rey knew he had to have only been chosen because of his looks. "Well now that we have everyone here, let's start this tour" ----- Four hours had passed and they were finally done with The Campus Tour. So far, Rey loved it and she couldn't wait to start her classes on Monday. Yet she still felt a slight disagreement with Mr. Ren and she knew he hated her for no reason. "Maybe he does have his reasons and he happens to know about my past" her mood drastically changes and she wonders if he saw her high school record, she hopes not and quietly drinks more apple juice. Rey still finds him attractive but she doesn't want to, she knew he hated her and it didn't really make things easier. Once she saw her schedule and realized that most of her class were with him, she wanted to drown. "Finn, Poe what do I do? Should I switch classes?" Rey feels stressed, this was not the way she expected this day to go. "Why? because of him? If I was you, I would be thankful for this school to put me with the second hottest guy in the world who happens to be your teacher. Also, him being your teacher is pretty kinky" Finn smirks at Poe ( since Poe will always be the number one hottest guy in Finn's eyes ) and Rey can't help but laugh. she loved their relationship so much and she hoped one day if she ever got in one, it would be like theirs. she loved their relationship so much and she hoped one day if she ever got in one, it would be like theirs. "I agree with Finn, whenever he gives you a B just tell him you will do anything to change it to an A+" Rey cheeks turned red as tomatoes and she covers her face. "I would never do that! you guys are so disgusting" Rey speaks and even though she finds it disgusting when Finn tells her, it doesn't mean it never crossed her mind. Rey felt weird, she was hoping this tiny crush would finally go away. He was a teacher and those type of relationships weren't allowed, and even if they were, he wouldn't date her. Rey knows she shouldn't stress about it since it's only the first week of school and everything changes completely, maybe he will even get to liking her. In a student way or as romance, Rey can only hope. In a student way or as romance, Rey can only hope. "Students, I suggest you finish your lunch fast and if you have any class with me, please follow me. If you don't, stay here" Rey turns around to see Mr. Ren in front of the cafeteria and she immediately grabs her purse. "Well guys, just wait for me outside. I'm sure it won't be long" Rey gives them both a kiss on their cheeks and she begins to walk toward Mr. Ren who's staring at her. "Ms. Rey, you have class with me?" Mr. Ren speaks and Rey swears she sees him smirk, it was hot. "Yes, three of them actually. Didn't think of you as a history teacher" Rey tries to make a joke since he's really uptight and history seems like a fun subject but it doesn't work for him and he's confused. "Well, I didn't think of someone who tripped on a shoelace as a history major but here we are" Mr. Ren smiles and Rey freezes. This is going to be a long year and Rey know's for sure she isn't letting him become her distraction. Notes: I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter! I was reading all of your comments and honestly it makes me so happy but also so scare that I'll do bad for the next chapter so I was slightly worried but I still hope you like it! Also thanks for the kudos, I hope you get to see shirtless Kylo Ren in real life :) (Also next chapter I can finally write about them in class ;-))) ) Chapter 3 : First Day Of Class Summary: Kylo somehow really enjoys black roses and Rey dreams go all the way Notes: Sorry I took forever to update but my classes just took over my time but I finally found time :-) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It didn’t take long before Rey had settled down completely at the college. Her classes weren't starting till tomorrow but she still walked by some of her classrooms to find easier routes to take and to find the ones she would avoid. So far, the only route she was avoiding were Mr Ren's 'route', which was a route he always seems to take while drinking black coffee and ignoring everyone's eyes on him. Thankfully he hadn't seen Rey walk, she always would put her hood up every time she walked by and it seemed like Mr Ren never bothered to look up. Thankfully he hadn't seen Rey walk, Mr Ren never bothered to look up and Rey always tried her best to hide herself. Rey knew she shouldn't take his route but she had no other option since this was the fastest way to go to the principal's office. After having a sleepless night due to overthinking of Mr Ren, she decided to try to, at least, change one class to another professor. Rey had talked with Finn the next day about it but instead of helping, the only thing he said was Rey had talked with Finn the next day about it but instead of helping, the only thing he managed to advice her was "He will spank you with a ruler, do you really want that?" and god that just made Rey laugh even more even though she secretly thought about it the other night. After taking a turn to the other hallway, she finally reaches Mrs Phasma office and shockingly she's outside reading a couple of papers. "Ms Rey, I wasn't expecting you here. Do you need help or something?" Mrs Phasma smile is sincere and Rey's nerve calm down, her smile made things better. "Yes, I want to change one of my class on this semester, Archaeology 101 I believe. I just want to change the professor if that isn't a problem unless I have to change the whole class then that's okay as well" Rey holds both of her hands tightly and she wishes Finn was here to make silly comments or help her feel better. "Kylo's class?" Mrs Phasma mumbles and Rey feels her heart beat faster, had she just said Mr Ren's first name? "Sorry, I'm used to calling him by his first name. Anyways, why do you want to switch professors? You haven't started class at all and most of the time, girls fight to be in his class" Mrs Phasma replies instantly almost as if she knew what Rey was thinking and she wonders if all professors in this school are all mind readers and not actual teachers. It was a relieve to Rey that other girls found him attractive but it also gave her a horrible feeling in her stomach, she was jealous. Jealous? Never! Rey wonders if he's ever been with any of them and she feels her whole face turn warm, she really hated this. "Look, just try it for a week. If after a week you don't enjoy it, I will change them myself personally" Rey simply nods not wanting to keep her since she seemed busy and leaves. She was willing to give his class a chance, she didn't mind taking the class with him because his class wasn't the problem, it was him and his stupid pretty face. She uses the same route she used before and, this time, she notices Mr Ren in front of her. Apart from this school being mind readers, they were also great at teleportation. Rey had no problem believing this after her conversation with Mrs Phasma and now Kylo appearing in front of her. Apart from this school being mind readers, they were also great at teleportation. Rey had no problem believing this after her conversation with Mrs Phasma and now Kylo appearing in front of her. this school was officially Hogwarts. ----- It was 9:55 am on Rey's watch and Mr Ren class was starting at 10:05 am, which gave Rey only 15 minutes to leave her the feelings she was experiencing outside of this classroom and get prepared. Mr Ren was already in his class, on his desk filling papers but Rey didn't bother to knock on his door or tell him she was already here, she was worried he would scream at her. Five more students waited anxiously along with her while two girls behind her began to talk about Mr Ren. Five more students waited anxiously along with her while two girls behind her began to talk about Mr Ren. "I heard that he goes to the gym and is pretty ripped, I'd love to see him shirtless" She hears one of them giggle while the other began to tell her more rumors about him. Rey didn't believe any of them, Mr Ren looks like the type to never leave his house or even like people, she still wonders how he's a professor. Her watch marks 10:05 am and she takes a deep breath before going into class along with the rest of her new classmates, this it! you can do it Rey! Most people in college wouldn't sit in the back, you were wasting your own money if you did because you were either not able to listen to the teacher or read anything on the board. Except in this class that was not the case, it seemed like everyone was willing to throw their money at Mr Ren in hopes he wouldn't scream at them. Almost the back rows filled up and only two people sit in the front, a girl and now Rey. Rey couldn't believe it, most people were really scared of Mr Ren while the only feared she had was him finding of her silly crush on him, she couldn't wait to tell Finn and get judged. The seat arrangement didn't seem to bother Mr Ren though, he looked pleased about it. "Welcome everyone, this is Archaeology 101. My name is Professor Ren, I'll be your professor for the rest of the year and if you have history on your schedule, you will be seeing more of me. Today we will be starting our lesson on one of the most known archaeology in history, Dr Henry Walton" Rey admires the way he speaks about his lessons, most of the time he seemed uninterested on what other people said but when he spoke about archaeology, he genuinely seemed happy. "We are already working on the first day? This class is also the longest class in my schedule!" Rey recognizes one of the girls from outside whisper to her other friend and Mr Ren eyes land on both of them and they instantly become quiet. They were already digging their own graves and didn't even realize it. "Yes we are and it will be long, glad to see you already know your facts" Mr Ren was a sarcastic asshole and even though it was something that annoyed Rey, she was starting to enjoy that side of him. "Ms Rey, would you be kind and turn the lights off?" Mr Ren doesn't look at her but when her name leaves his lips, her stomach turns. Rey immediately gets up trying not to trip on anything and when she reaches for the nearest switch, Mr Ren appears next to her. "That's not the right switch Rey, don't bother touching this one or you will cut the whole power to the room. Mr Ren was so close to her, she feels goosebumps develop in her arms instantly. "If he knew what switch it was, why didn't he just went himself of asking me" is the only thing that crosses Rey's mind before nodding not wanting to get a silly comment back from him. "'If you want to be a good archeologist, you gotta get out of the library' was one of the most known quotes from Dr Walton which is silly since most of the work you do in Archaeologist has to be indoor" Mr Ren shows a picture of Dr Walton on the projector and Rey stares at the picture, he was actually quite handsome. Why did it seem like she found any professor attractive? It was getting out of hands and both Finn and Poe would make fun of her if they ever find out. Instead of paying attention to Mr Ren talk about Dr Walton's personal life and his wild stories, Rey begins to think of Finn and Poe. It was silly but she kind of miss them, she wasn't used to new people surrounding her. She didn't know them and most of the time, she hated going out without someone's company. Sure she had Mr Ren but he wasn't a friend, he was a hot teacher that kind of slightly hated her and made sarcastic comments all the time. Rey begins to feel odd but she tries to play it off once Mr Ren begins to explain the essay they had to do based on Dr Walton and she feels better. - Two hours pass and class was officially over, at least for Rey. She had finished the essay in less than an hour after secretly researching Dr Walton on Google and Mr Ren seemed impressed. She had put all her effort into the essay from learning some writing techniques in her old language arts class in high school and others from random articles she read online. Most people in the class seemed to have problems with the essay and it made Rey confused, it was the easiest thing she's ever done and she wonders if it's because most of them sat in the back row. "Rey you did excellent in you essay, I'm surprised" she hears Mr Ren tell her and once she looks up, she realizes they were the only two people left in his classroom. "Well, you do know that me falling when we first met had no damage towards my writing?" She responds still packing her books not bothering to look up. Rey's phone begins to vibrate and she knows it's Finn since he texted her earlier explaining he was going to take her to lunch after "kinky professor's" class was over due to him being proud of the fact she was finally doing something useful in life. Rey laughs when she reads the rest of the message and hopes Mr Ren never reads that. After she finishes packing her, she sees Mr Ren turn his laptop off and his eyes land on her. "Ms Rey before you leave, can I ask why you already want to switch my class?" Notes: I know this took me forever to post but I had the worse writer block and truth is I'm still not happy with this chapter :( It sucks (I know it took me like 4 days to write this but yet I still feel so unsatisfied with it, I'm trying to not reread it because I'll probably just delete it so) but I didn't want to keep you guys waiting so I decided I'll post it and leave it with a tiny cliffhanger! Chapter 4 : First Half Day Of Class Summary: Valen-Valentines Notes: Happy Valentines to everyone! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The last time Rey felt this awkward was when she stumbled upon Finn and Poe on breakup sex and she had to act the next day like sex wasn't written all over their face. They tried to play it off with the "we saw each other in a restaurant and talked it over" scene but boy did it make Rey laugh and after deciding to tell them, it made the room fall in silence. This was almost the same scenario except Rey was the one being caught and god it was an unpleasant feeling. "Who told you that?" She replies bitter, knowingly she knew Mr Ren should be the one mad at her but still, she tries to turn the tables on him. "The principal, who else Rey? Do you have a problem with me or my class? If you do, I'd love to know the problem since you've been in my class for only what, four hours?" Kylo feels like someone stabbed him in the back, which was silly for someone who didn't care much about his students. But he cared, he cared for her. "At first, I wanted to change this class but now I actually don't. The only reason I wanted to change it was because I thought this would be a hard course for me since I've heard that this was one of the most difficult class in the campus" Rey mumbles but he still hears everything clearly. Mr. Ren stays quiet and his face softens, it was almost as if he was hoping for another answer to hear. " Well I apologize, I dislike when other students hate my class over silly gossips. If you find this class difficult, you can always ask me for help but as of right now, you're the only person who's done with their work" Kylo sits in one of the empty chairs in front of Rey and he brushed the strands of hair away from his face. "I'm sorry for you not getting to know your class, It's actually pretty great" Rey's tries to hide the smile when she sees him fixing his hair but it's too obvious and she's sure he knows she's staring. "Thanks, that's a first" Kylo sighs and Rey feels a weight lifted off her shoulders but still, there's a horrible feeling in her stomach. Most people in the Campus didn't like Mr. Ren and it even though it was a strong topic with the students, it wasn't true at all. She wanted to apologize to him and tell him that not everyone hated his class but she doesn't bother knowing he doesn't care about her opinion and walks away. Rey's pocket vibrates and she realizes that she was late for her lunch with Finn. ---- "So Mr hottie finally got to you didn't he? You have the hot's for him" Finn eats the last chips left on their plate and hopes Rey doesn't feel betrayed for that. "You always seem to make horrible nicknames for him every time we hang out, why don't you just calling him Kylo?" after his name out slips out of her mouth, Rey's eyes widen. She knows Finn is going to tease her for knowing more about him than she should. "Kylo? So not only did he get to you, but you also know his first name?" Finn smirks proudly as if he had just solved a case and Rey begins to regrets ever bringing him up. "No, the principal accidentally slipped it out just as I did. Now, can you hurry up and finish your soda so we can head home?" It was only 8:30 pm on Rey's lock screen and even though for the city of Galatic it was still pretty early, Rey felt exhausted. Finn ends up stealing the cup of soda to keep Rey from being annoyed every time he drank from it but on the way home, he feels guilty. He never stole anything in his life, maybe a piece of gum from his friends but somehow a silly cup made him feel like a bandit. Once he gets home, he laughs it off and decides to keep the cup because who didn't want a cup with a picture of a cat and a dog hugging, Finn just knew he had to keep it. Rey murmurs a "hey" after she sees Poe is sitting on the couch with his guitar on his lap but once she realizes that The Twilight Zone is on, she knows she won't get a response. She heads up to her room and once she jumps on her bed and feels her comforter wrapped around her body, she feels her whole body relax. "Rey" she hears someone whisper and she ignores them, it was too early to get up. Today was valentines and she was definitely not in the mood to know what Finn and Poe were planning to do. Rey always became grumpy on the first day of February because of Valentines, she wasn't fond of it because she simply felt left out. "Rey wake up" this time, she tries her best not to slap both Finn and Poe, was it really hard to have one day to sleep in? She felt memories come back to her, back when she used to live in her parents house and this day happened to be the quietest in the whole year, she horribly missed that. Rey's eyes open and extends her arms only to smack something heavy or worse, someone's arm. She instantly sits up and she realizes that it was neither Finn or Poe, it was Mr. Ren next to her, shirtless. "Mr Ren, What are you doing in my bed? Wait, how did you get in my house?" she doesn't understand why she feels nauseous and she wonders if it was possible that she was going to faint? Rey hopes not and she gets up only to realize that she's completely naked in front of Kylo. Rey runs towards her drawer and closet only to realize that all of it had disappeared, there was nothing for her to wear and she hated that she was completely vulnerable to him. "Don't call me Mr Ren, I'm too tired to go for a third round unless you really are up for it again? And do you really not remember? you called me to help you with an assignment and well one thing led to another, I had to use my ruler. Also, I know you told me you aren't fond of Valentines but I made plans for us and we're late, we should go shower" Kylo throws the sheet away from his body and walks nonchalantly naked by Rey, has if he had ever been naked in front of her and this was some sort of a typical thing. Rey was barely lucky enough to see his neck in College yet he was completely naked in front of her, at her house, in her room. This couldn't be happening, this was some sort of joke on her and anytime at the door, Finn or Poe would come through the door. Except they don't. Rey feels anxious, she doesn't know what to do. She should look go look for Finn and ask him why Kylo was here and mostly why he was in her bed, naked! but she doesn't and follows Kylo into the bathroom. Once she enters, she feels soft small things stuck on the heel of her feet and she hopes it isn't some type of bug or something worse. She looks down only to realize that the whole room was filled rose petals and Kylo smiles at her, how did he manage to do this all by himself? Finn or Poe had to, at least, help him, Rey knew he wasn't the Valentines type and even hated roses. The lavender Yankees candles that she loved and talked about with Finn in her 8th-grade school dance were almost in every corner of the room and it made Rey feel home, how did Kylo know so much about her? Kylo turns around and the only light in the room reflected on his face, he looked like an angel. His eyes sparkled but it was only when his eyes were on her and Rey swears that when his eyes look away, they would become dark again. "I feel so lucky that I have you, you are the only good thing I have and will ever need in my lif-" Kylo's voice mutes and Rey is confused and angry, had his voice cut completely when he was going to tell him how he felt? Why was this acting like a Youtube video and why isn't there a refresh button? Her train of thoughts are ruined when she hears a voice in the distant but isn't Kylo, it's Finn. "Rey wakes up please, we need to go grocery shopping" her eyes open straightaway and she realizes she's on her bed, with clothes on. A dream. This was going way out of line, Mr. Ren shouldn't even be in her dreams! The only time she ever dreams of a guy was because she was in love with him and those were facts due to her Jesse Mccartney dreams back in 2009. "Finn, I don't want to go out! I just want to sleep in" Rey's voice is filled with a hint sadness mixed with anger and Finn wonders if she's okay. He doesn't bother asking her knowing she alway kept her feelings bottled in and whenever she was asked about it, the "I'm okay, stop asking me" speech would come in pretty handy. Finn nods knowing she was having her moments and leaves not wanting to make Rey even more upset. Rey tries to remind herself that even though this dream was almost breaking her heart, it would never happen. Kylo buying roses and candles? apart from that being odd and weird to see Kylo do, the only flowers she ever saw him with were dark and definitely not Valentines approval. Rey feels her phone vibrate next to her and she notices Finn's had left his house keys on her desk, why did he always manage to lose the most important things? Like that time they flew to Spain for a week and Finn managed to lose everyone's passport but somehow always knew where his iPhone charger was. Or the other time they went to a concert together and Finn left Rey in the parking lot alone because Rey was supposedly making out with a random guy (words by Poe himself) when in fact she was in the bathroom, fixing her makeup. But that one didn't count since she ended up meeting the lead singer and the bass player and got to hang with them in the tour bus while Finn looked for her around the whole venue. She reaches for her phone prepares herself to curse him out and maybe call him a few things (silly names that Finn hates being reminded of that he had when they were younger) with a side message that could either go "I won't open the door till you get another key sucker" or worse names, she still was trying a good one until she realizes that it wasn't Finn at all, it was Mr. Ren. Dear Rey, Happy Valentines! Don't party too much, there's a test tomorrow. there's a test tomorrow. Sincerely, Mr. Ren Notes: Shirtless Ren, I had to do it sorry! Also yes I'm aware its short but its Valentines and just felt like posting this one ;-) Hope you enjoyed it! Comment and leave kudos! If not, still happy valentines :) Chapter 5 : Awkward Car Ride Summary: If you didn't think Finn couldn't make it worse, then you are truly wrong Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It had been two weeks since Valentines and if Rey could use only one feeling to explain how she felt, it would be delighted. Rey no longer had to bump into a group of people buying flowers fo their boyfriend/girlfriend or trying to express their love by proposing in almost every place she was headed to in her free time. It was almost as if Valentines followed her and it bothered her so much that sometimes she would stay home instead and not bother to go out. Yet a part of her couldn't help but imagine herself with Mr. Ren on Valentines and her hatred towards valentines would change drastically. "You know what I heard is romantic? Hot topic!" she can't help but laugh quietly at Finn's text, for the past days he kept calling Kylo an "emo" and she didn't understand why. "Hot Topic? It sounds like a famous people café where people find out what's going on in the media" she responds back and decides to get to the bottom of it and find out what Hot Topic really was. Her google search shows about thousand to millions of pages and once she clicks on the first link, she realizes that it's the store the quiet kids in her classroom always talk about. Most of the time, she swore they wanted to know about a real good topic and she would bring up how good the pizza was in the lunchroom yesterday or how the school had finally no longer had the uniform policy. It all made sense to her and now she understood why they ignore her, she must have sounded so ridiculous in front of them. Mr. Ren keeps on explaining the new assignment they must do this week with a partner and she glances around the room. She didn't know a single soul here, for some reason she never bothers to speak to them and no one ever tried to spark a conversation with her at all, so why was Mr. Ren trying to get them to talk? She didn't know a single soul here, for some reason she never bothers to speak to them and no one ever tried to spark a conversation with her at all, so why was Mr. Ren trying to get them to talk? It isn't long before the class is finally over and Rey could say she was relieved due to her being a bit stressful but thankful that it was finally Friday and both her and Finn along with Poe were going to The Hub to drink their day away. The always went to the Hub at 5:20 pm but when Finn stir up a conversation after two shots of Tequilla, they would already be leaving at 10:30 pm or even later. Still, Rey reminds herself that Finn wasn't really the big problem right now and she had to focus on how to talk to Mr. Ren, she knew she had to do it today or she will probably never get a chance. Rey had encouraged herself halfway through the class to talk to finally ask him to come out with her, but the whole time she made a scenario in her head and it always ended up with her being bend over and that was something she knew would never happen. Rey knew she was overreacting since it wasn't a date but if she was able to get him to say yes to go at least somewhere with her, she would be absolutely pleased with herself. Rey had encouraged herself halfway through the class to talk to finally ask him to come out with her, but the whole time she made a scenario in her head and it always ended up with her being bend over and that was something she knew would never happen. Rey knew she was overreacting since it wasn't a date but if she was able to get him to say yes to go at least somewhere with her, she would be absolutely pleased with herself. When she sets her phone on her desk, she glances up from the corner of her eyes and notices he's packing his laptop into his bag and this Rey realizes that this might be the only time she's alone with him until Monday. "Mr. Ren" god even her voice sounds horrifying, she knew she must look pathetic but she didn't care, she was doing it. His eyes land on her and she knows she got his full attention, at least, she thinks since he always seems to hear everything even when he's not looking. "Can I ask you a question?" Rey gives up on standing awkwardly next to her desk and begins to walk toward his desk and like always, her palms become sweaty. She reminds herself to make a doctors appointment and ask him to give her something to stop making her sweat everytime she's around him or else it will start to get obvious. "You just did but sure, you can ask me another question" Rey tries her best not to make a sarcastic comment on how big of an idiot he is and continues, her eyes still only staring at his paperwork. "Would it be silly if I asked you to come out with me and my friends? to a bar?" Rey gives him a half-smile and she hopes he doesn't reject her right here and now. Kylo clears his throat awkwardly and he mumbles a "why" still not fully understanding why she had just asked him out for no reason. Kylo was never the type to be asked to go anywhere, not even his own friends invite him out. "You're a pretty cool teacher and it seems like you have nothing to do so I wanted to know if you were free" Rey aces her lie and she horribly feels proud of it, maybe she wasn't that bad of an actor like Poe had mentioned. "So you have pity for me?" Kylo chuckles low and Rey feels like she's blown her last chance. Of course, she didn't pity him! she just liked him and wanted to get to know more of him, was it so difficult to understand that? "No, it's not like that! Why can't you just accept my offer?" She groans in annoyed and puts her hoodie up to hide her face almost as if she was angry that he was rejecting him. Rey knew she was acting childish, she really disliked that part of her but it always got her everything and she hoped, this time, at least, it would work. "Fine I'll accept your offer but you're paying for my drinks" Those words are magical to her ears and her lips break into a teasing smile knowing it still worked, after all, this time. --------- The car ride was odd, it consisted of the radio being on the whole way since no one had spoken for the last fifteen minutes in the car. Funny enough, the only songs playing on the radio were love songs and Rey tried her best to ignore every glance Finn would give her through the mirror when 'Hold My Hand' by New Found Glory came on. Everyone in the car was sick of them but it seemed like every station they scroll by, the love songs would follow them. "So Kylo, what are you into?" Finn finally breaks the silence and Rey is thankful for it, at least, she thought. "Well, I collect pictures of old fat cats" kylo voices loudly in the car and Finn straightaway turns around to look both at Kylo and Rey, almost as if he knew Kylo was weird. "I'm kidding, I'm into music and I enjoy teaching if you didn't already know" Rey now feels Kylo tense up next to her and she wishes she could apologize to him for Finn's behavior. "Yes I know, you're Rey's teacher. Which by the way, won't you go to jail for being with her?" Poe immediately stops the car in the middle of the street and god this wasn't exactly what Rey was hoping this would be. "Wait, Rey, you're dating him? You told us you were dropping his class because you were scared of him?" Rey thought right now couldn't be worse but oh boy, life was definitely proving her wrong and it was definitely out to get her. "What?" She hears Kylo confused and he turns around staring at her, waiting for an answer. If he didn't look so confused right now, Rey could say he looked pretty hot with his leather jacket. Don't panic, Do not panic, just lie and stop thinking about how cute he is "There are only two people who are dating in this car and they happen to be in the front seats! We aren't dating, I just wanted to be cool with my teacher?" Rey wonders if that makes sense and she hopes it does even though even she wonders what she was trying to say. What was wrong with her? why was she making everything worse? "Got you Rey! Poe and I always tease her friends whenever we chill with them" Rey knows that Kylo doesn't believe them but for some reason, he still laughs and nods as if he knew what they were talking about. He truly didn't know because the only friends Rey ever brought home were two cats who ended up being taken away from her by Finn and it wasn't long till her two cats were named "Pinn and Tin" and they were officially not hers. It only took two more awkward silent minutes before they arrived at the Hub and Finn ran towards their table, he was ready to get a little drunk. Poe on the other side wasn't a drinking type, he didn't hate it but preferred to play Pool with a couple of regular costumers. Both Rey and Kylo walk together quietly, they wanted to speak so bad but Rey knew she would blush and Kylo knew he would stutter. Thankfully Finn already knew what Rey preferred and order hers quickly but he didn't know anything about Kylo except he was Rey's teacher and orders a beer for him in hopes its something he at least enjoys. "So Rey, where are my drinks? You did say you would buy them if I came along" Kylo smirks and takes his leather jacket off due to the bar heater being on at its highest. He was never used to the heat, in fact, he kind of hated the beach and the sand due to it, just like some people in his family. "What do you want?" Rey plays with the bottle of the beer that Finn had left and she hates the fact that even though she invited Kylo over, she wasn't making a good conversation. "Give me three shots of water! Not a big fan of alcohol but water? I'll definitely get drunk with that" Rey feels embarrassed and puts her head down, she should have known that he didn't like drinking. He probably only came to see what she did for fun and she wonders if he's judging her. "I didn't know I'm sorry! This is boring for you isn't it? Do you want to play air hockey or something?" She knows it's a silly to play air hockey but it was the only thing that was available in here and she never really liked playing Pool, she sucked at it. "And when you get one point, you can ask whatever question you want to ask, deal?" Rey was going with the 20 questions strategy since it seemed like he was never going to open up to her. "Deal" Rey begins to serve, she was pretty good at air hockey and always won which made her a tiny bit competitive with Kylo. She pushes the pucks hard and Kylo hits it right back but Rey immediately pushes it away and it goes directly into the hole on the side of Kylo's, one point. "Rey that was unfair! That was so fast I didn't even see the puck!" Rey shrugs and calls him a loser and he was definitely ready to win the second round. "So I have one point, how old are you?" She always thought he was on his 29's or maybe 30's, maybe that's what made it even hotter for her. "I'm 29, too old for you?" He jokes and she stands quietly, did he know? She's sure she's already drunk but it still, the comments he made was definitely flirting. "Not really" She giggles and she drinks more of her Jack Daniels and serves again. It didn't take long before Rey had gotten completely drunk and won. She had finally found out so much about him yet she knew she wasn't going to remember anything, not even at all. She prays to god or all the gods that she actually remembers everything and that her hangover only blocks the horrible car ride they had in the afternoon. This car ride was definitely different though, Finn was telling Poe about how much he loved turtles and Rey, she was really close to Kylo. She stared at his lips and god she would be lying if she didn't say they looked kissable but she didn't want it like this, she was drunk and she wanted to remember everything. Kylo knew she was staring but it flattered him and he didn't bother to make a comment about it. "Kylo I have one last question" She puts two of her fingers up trying to symbolize a one and she fails completely, she really believe she only had one finger up. Kylo nods and puts her fingers down with his hand but still held on to it, his fingers brushing on her knuckles. He sees her tattoos on the side of her knuckles and he's quietly amazed by them, he didn't understand what they meant and he wonders if she always wore rings to hide them. "Are you single?" Rey takes his hands off hers and tells him to shhh because Mr. Ren could hear them and tell them off. "I won't tell you off and no I'm not single, I'm actually seeing someone right now Rey" Notes: Rey finally got around to ask him and honestly.... and so kylo not SINGLEEEE :o Also I mentioned a song called "Hold My Hand" By New Found Glory that I truly feel like it relates to Rey and Kylo! listen to it if you want :) I might make a Reylo playlist if anyone interested on Spotify or Tumblr! Chapter 6 : The First Kiss Summary: k i s s Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was Monday and Rey isn't really sure how she's slept at all. Both Saturday and Sunday, Kylo had emailed her asking her if she was okay and if she had gotten rid of the hangover. He even sends her a recipe on how to cure it for whenever she decides to get drunk again yet she doesn't reply. Instead, she buries herself in one of her favorite books for the two days and doesn't bother to talk to anyone except for Finn who tells her when the food is ready and who also reminds her that new episodes of The Walking Dead is coming back on. Rey had already been awake, staring at her ceiling, unsure what to even tell Kylo when she sees him in class but instead, she decided to skip class. Kylo was slowly turning her back to her old self and she hadn't realized it. Both Finn and Poe don't question it when they see her in bed with Netflix on and it makes her glad to have finds like them. This only happened once a month, where Rey wouldn't move at all from the TV and the next day, she was fine. It was typical Rey. Rey opens her computer and goes to her emails, re-reading every message he sends. She wanted to reply, write him an essay on why drinking is bad but it's also good since it was the only thing that made her speak in front of him. Rey is sure he's mad at her and she understands, she was being an asshole but so was he. Maybe it was because she had given herself so much courage to only get told by himself that he was taken and damn her because Rey wasn't her. It didn't take long before Rey closes her laptop and pushes it to the corner of her bed, trying to ignore all the anger she had developed. It's about a quarter to twelve when she hears the doorbell ring. Rey pauses her Parks and Recreation marathon, annoyed at who would bother to make her miss Little Sebastian memorial and Andy singing "5000 Candles in the Wind" moment. She gets up from her bed when she hears the doorbell ring again and she hates whoever is behind that door. "Relax, I'll be there!" Rey groans and she wonders if she should, at least, change her silly Mouse Rat t-shirt that was a bit too big for her into a better-looking shirt. When she opens the door, she couldn't believe who the person that had annoyed her so much and had ruined her Parks and Recreation episode. "Kylo... Hey!" Rey waves at him unsure and she's sure he's pissed, but he's perfectly good at hiding it. "So you ignore my emails and then you don't bother to show up at my class because?" Kylo asks and Rey stays quiet, most of the memories she had on Friday start to become clearer, "So are you going to invite me in or do I awkwardly stand in front of your door while you try to think of a lie?" Rey straightaway gestures him to come in and she tries to wrap her mind around what was happening. Mr. Ren or Kylo was in her house and she didn't understand why or how he knew where she lived. This was almost like her dream except she wasn't naked and he wasn't either. "Sorry I came unannounced, Poe had texted me the address to drop by since he believed you wanted to talk to me because it was important. I really care about my students so please tell me what's wrong" after Rey hears him call her a 'student' she laughs. Loudly. How long did she have to keep up with this? she was tired of it. "You see Kylo, that's the problem. You keep thinking of me as your student and that's fine because I am but I don't think of you as a teacher" Rey knows her mind is telling her not to do it but she was sick of it, she wanted him to finally know. She wishes Finn was here to encourage her to tell him even more but she stays quiet and hopes he gets the hint. "You see me as a... friend? That's fine too Rey" Kylo feels his legs becoming worn out, but he brushes off the feeling reminding himself it wasn't his house. "No Kylo, you're making this so complicated. I want to be able to go to school and enjoy my classes, not have to worry about how I look towards a certain person who happens to be my teacher" Rey chest is rising and she's sure anytime she will explode. "Rey, are you trying to tell me you have feelings for me?" Kylo says nonchalantly and Rey hates that he's calmed about this. Whenever Rey got really nervous, she counts how many tiles there is on the floor and so far in this house, there was only forty-seven of them. She hears Kylo sigh and she wonders if that's a "This happens all the time, it's okay" or "Females are weird" type of sigh. Rey knows he's waiting for an answer even if he already knew she liked him, he just wanted to hear it come from her mouth. "Kind of?..... Yes, I am. When I asked you to come to the bar with me, it wasn't to become friends with me. I just wanted to know if I truly liked you" The last time Rey ever felt this lightheaded was when she saw blood from the time Finn scraped his knees from falling while hiking in Endor and she fainted. She takes a deep breath and she remembers when Finn had told her to calm down, that it was just blood and he was fine. Except this wasn't blood but a boy she liked. A teacher. "Look, Rey, I-" "Yes I know, yo told me you're dating someone. I was overthinking this through the whole night and I have a plan, I either change classes or actually that's it, I change classes" Rey tries to bring a humor in this to bring down the tension and it actually works. For the first time since he arrived, Rey hears Kylo laugh. If Rey hadn't been so caught up in how awkward and horrible she looks, she might have realized this was the first time she revealed to someone she liked them and they didn't walk away. "Rey I'm actually not seeing anyone, I was kidding" Kylo looks at the clock on the wall to realize that his lunchtime was over and he had to head back. "Why would you lie?" Rey is confused, had he only lied just to get her away from him? If so, it was silly of him because it just made her want him more. "I lied because I was scared, just like that time you lied and said you wanted to change my classes because they were too advanced for you" Kylo grins and without Rey noticing, he extends his arms and grabs her by her waist, closing the space between them. "I should hit Poe for telling you a big lie since I didn't really needed to tell you but for now, I'm pretty thankful" "I am too as well but I have to go Rey since my lunch time is over, but I'll see you tomorrow in class alright?" he whispers and before Rey knows it, Kylo is stroking her cheek and kisses her. Rey is sure he gives her butt a squeeze while he deepens the kiss but she doesn't mind, it was kind of something she always wanted after all. Notes: I'm still not done, this is just the beginning but I wanted to give you guys, at least, a little action and not make you wait longer! Sorry it's short, I have to write over ten paragraphs for school and well, my eyes are giving up on me right now. Hope you like it! Also, what do you think it will happen? will they be fine or will principal Phasma fine out about them ;) Chapter 7 : Losing Car Keys Summary: Hux is pretty clumpsy and Phasma sees a lonely Kylo Ren. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo wanted to say he had slept like a baby, from 10:00 pm to 8:30 am like he always does. That he had the greatest sleep he has had since the beginning of the semester but that would be a big lie. Instead, Rey had kept him up all night on the phone but he enjoyed it. Kylo hated being those type of clingy boyfriend who would think or talk to their girlfriend all the time but he loved it, at least only with Rey. Rey had called him yesterday at night just to talk to him about the subject in class but at the end, they talked till the next morning and both were restless. Kylo had never slept so late in his life and even though he blamed Rey for it, he also blamed himself for acting like a teenager. Kylo didn't want to admit it but half of the time, he caught himself giggling when Rey said something cute. He didn't like that. "Kylo, you look horrible! Tough weekend?" He hears Hux voice and his nods, taking a sip of his dark coffee in hopes it would keep him awake. "What did you do? Wait, did you go to the party I told you about? If you did, I'm going to be super pissed because I told you I need a wingman" If Hux wasn't Kylo's secret best friend, he would've of screamed at him by now and told him to shut up. "No, I didn't go. It was just personal! Also, maybe I don't want to be your wingman" "Come on Ren, I need a girl. Just help me, just say 'have you met Hux?' and I'll take over, maybe throw some nice comments about me" Hux tugs his arm with a "please" and prays to a god (or Snoke as Hux likes to name him) in hopes Kylo helps him. If Hux could admit it out loud, he was actually really tired of being lonely. "Fine! Fine, but when is the other party? since we missed this one obviously" "This Saturday, just dress normal. A T-shirt and jeans, nothing extra. You know you haven't been this nice since you had that one girl years ago and she made you a softy" Hux sounds likes he's almost complaining about Kylo change of heart but he was just confused, why was Kylo being like this? Most of the time, he would just walk away and ignore him... Unless.. "You met someone else!" Hux exclaims out loud and almost all eyes are on them. Kylo's cheek become a dark shade of red and stands up. "No, I didn't, stop. I would, who even told you that? God, you're silly! What? You hear that? Phasma calling me!" before Hux can ask him any further questions, Kylo walks out rapidly and leaves Hux is confused. -------------- "Kylo haven't you ever wanted to do Archaeologist outside of your job? I know that the only reason I'm taking your class is to become like Indiana Jones" Rey wasn't lying, it was that hero that made her want to become an Archaeologist. Kylo in the other hand, he laughs and drinks water from his bottle. "Rey, you do know that Indiana Jones is just a movie? Right?" Kylo had also seen the movies but he didn't see what the hype was all about. If he was honest, he preferred Sci-Fi's movies in space or alien ones, they're fun. "Yes obviously, he's also handsome. You know, you actually look like him!" "I do not! He looks nothing like me" Kylo groans, he prefers being compared to someone else spooky like Dracula instead of that guy. "Fine, whatever you say. I have to go anyways, I'm scared we will get caught like last time" Rey had been so frightening that day, she still remembered it clearly. Kylo had finally asked her to go out for lunch in a French Resturant and the one and only, Principal Phasma had appeared there. How and why? No one knows why and Kylo hadn't bothered either to ask her the next day. Rey mind had turned blank when she saw Phasma, she truly didn't know what to do until Kylo had tugged at her arm and whisper to her to run like now through the back door. She listened to him and had immediately ducked down to run through between the tables. After she had safely gotten out of the restaurant through the back door, she almost trips in the pile of trash that was in the front of her. She thanks herself she doesn't since she was wearing a white dress and she wonders if she was Indiana Jones, she would had known the trash was going to be there. Still, she jumps through the pile of trash and runs toward the train station, knowing there had to be at least one going back to the city. Kylo, on the other hand, didn't have time to make it out, instead he sat still while Phasma eyed him. After two minutes of glancing at him, she decided to go up to him to ask him why he was there, by himself, with two plates on his table. Kylo had on the biggest smile and told her that he was such a loner, he enjoyed eating with two plates to make himself feel better. Phasma was confused but she doesn't question it knowing Kylo was always weird and walks away to her date. Rey laughs a little at that memory, who knew she was a great runner in heels? "Yeah, I'm not in the mood to explain to Phasma that I buy dinner for two or make up another lie that I'm somehow a lonely man" "Agreed" Rey lets a chuckle out and takes sips of her coffee before giving him a kiss on the mouth and walk away, this time, a little faster. At the other side of the Coffee Shop, Hux couldn't believe it, Kylo was seeing someone. Hux had followed him all the way here, confused as to why Kylo would drive out of the city just to go to a coffee shop and he was in for a surprise. She looked a bit too young for him but at the same time, he was glad Kylo was finally getting with someone. Hux gets up and walks toward Kylo, who had ordered another Mocha while eyeing Rey has she called a cab and left. "Guess who" Hux covers both of Kylo eyes and Kylo immediately turns around, slapping both of his hands away. "I keep forgetting you took karate training, remind me again when I try to surprise you" "Hux, what are you doing here?" Kylo feels like the guiltiest and most dirty person in the world, even if it didn't show it. "Come on Kylo, who goes out of the city to get coffee? You do know there's Starbucks like, everywhere?" There was literally a coffee shop as well in their College Campus and that's what gave Kylo away. "She's super cute, where did you meet her?" "Look, Hux, I'd love to tell you everything but I won't. It's kind of complicated" Kylo sighs and the waitress returns, handing him his coffee. "That's fine, I just wanted to know why you were being so nice. It doesn't matter anyways, I got my answer" Hux smiles and Kylo gives him a look that's too familiar for Hux which he simply is used to. "Does this mean you will stop following me? I should probably not even bother going to that party since you're acting like this" Kylo says and Hux remembers the talk they had in the morning. "I will, I promise. I won't bother you or your girlfriend but please still go to the party with me" "Those are definitely the words any guy would love to hear come out of their best friends mouth" Kylo mumbles and Hux takes it as a yes to still coming to the party. "Also, can you drive me back to the city? I lost my car keys" "Sure Hux" Notes: I always read fanfics about Hux being mean and so in this story, I just wanted to make him nice (also if you watch that 70's show, I literally made his personality based on Fez!) Also yes, Kylo finally had a tiny pov :) (I'm sorry this is short but you won't believe that school finally gave me tons of homework and i'm still working on it!) Chapter 8 : The One Where Hux Meets Rey Notes: Yes I know, I took forever to update and you are allowed to hate me! I was busy (and sadly still am with school!) I had also gotten the flu so I was basically dying and the best part was that I also had a concert to attend without a voice, yes me in the crowd. Singing without my voice, it was horrible! But I'm back :) Rey rested her head against the cold soft wooden desk, it wouldn't kill her to take a tiny nap. She needed it, just, at least, a five-minute nap. Rey had a test coming up for Kylo's class and while he might had been her secret boyfriend, it didn't mean she had an advantage. Instead, it was actually worse since if she ever thought of skipping a class like last time, Kylo would show up at her house and drag her into school. His words were "Indiana Jones wouldn't skip class just because he was late watching American Pie" and Rey thought about it, he might have. Who really knows. Four hours pass by and Rey's neck is in pain and she feels her mouth dry. She knows there's drool on the desk but she doesn't care, shes late once again for class and this time, it wasn't because of Netflix, but because of spending too much time with her professor himself. Rey takes her books in her hands, most of the paper slowly slipping away but she doesn't notice and keeps running towards the living room. She grabs her keys from the kitchen table and runs towards the door, only to be met with Kylo himself. "Hey, bab-... Rey, why do you have your books with you?" Kylo approaches her and grabs them from her hands, her stress level going down a tiny bit. "I know I woke up late and I'm sorry, I was just tired. Why are you here? aren't you suppose to be giving a test out? Wait did you leave school for me? Oh, my god, I'm so so-" Kylo lets a loud laugh out and Rey is confused as to why he was being like this, why couldn't he take her serious right now? "Rey, it's Saturday" Rey never understood when people said that stress can easily go away, she never did but once Kylo said those two words, she turned around and threw herself on the couch, closing her eyes. Stress was definitely away. "Also, I don't know if you read my email or text but I postponed the test until next week since I have to go to a party today with Hux's anyways" Kylo places her books on the kitchen counter, feeling horrible for her. He still remembered clearly his time as a freshman in College and it wasn't exactly what College seemed to be in movies. "Hux isn't a girl... Right?" Rey mumbles under the pillow, not wanting to move at all but still, she worried. Not for herself, though. "Yes, she is" Kylo decides to go on with this, to see how far or angry it will make Rey. Truth was, he's never seen Rey jealous at all (not that he remembers) and he wanted to see if she was the jealous type. "Wait, doesn't she go to our school? The name Hux's sounds so familiar!" "No, no she doesn't. I met her in a single's bar one night, we made out and we became friends. I think there still some sexual tension between us but who knows ya know?" Kylo says it with such nonchalantly and Rey plays along. "Yeah I understand, I have this friend name Taylor who I had a crush on and we made out one time, he sometimes calls me up" Rey knew Kylo was lying, he had friends? It took her like four months just to get him to say hi to her in the hallway and there was just no way he was friends with this Hux girl. "Wait what, seriously? I was kidding about the Hux thing" Kylo whines and jumps on top of Rey's body, her lips letting out a tiny scream. "Kylo! You're heavy, get off!" Rey tries to push him but instead he wraps his arms around her giving her the tightest hug ever. "If I knew you were this clingy, I might had dated Taylor instead" "Really? Why don't you go ahead and call him up?" Kylo brushes Rey's strands of hair away from her face and holds her chin up, leaning in. "You know what, I will right now" before Kylo can kiss her lips, Rey pushes him off and smirks running to the bedroom, closing the door. Kylo was again being teased and he hated it. - Kylo and Rey both end up going to Kylo's house to watch The Walking Dead since they had more privacy due to them just being alone and they also enjoyed the liberty they had when they wore their pyjamas without being judged. Rey's were pretty colourful like it actually had unicorns with rainbows while Kylo's pyjamas were black. Just plain dark 'like his soul' Rey says most of the time whenever he wears them around her and he takes it as a compliment. Kylo hands were lifting Rey's shirt when there was a knock on his door and he knows that for some reason, life didn't want him to go on third base with Rey. "I'll just take my shirt off since it seems like you'll never actually get to do it" "I agree" Kylo opens the door without even bothering to see through the window and there's Hux standing with a can of beer. "Don't tell me you're going like this to the party?" Hux laughs and tries to enter his house only to be blocked by Kylo's tall frame. "I'm kind of busy right now" Rey hears those words and she grabs her shirt from the floor and puts it on, running up the stairs to hide. There was no way they were going to be both caught together, not by one of his friends. It could be someone from the school she thinks and she feels her body trembling, this can't be happening not now Rey takes her phone out of her pocket and dials Finn's number, in hopes he can save her from this and escape while Kylo talked with whoever it was that was downstairs. Five rings pass by and he doesn't pick up, Rey knows she's in trouble and stuck in the corner of a wall. "Rey" she hears someone whisper through the dark hallway and she lets out a loud scream out. Too much Walking Dead for her. "Relax it's me" The sweet sound of those words belong to her boyfriend and she approaches him immediately once he turns the lights on. Rey wonders why Kylo looks pretty calmed for them almost being caught with his student. Both of them go downstairs without saying a word but Kylo hopes she doesn't get mad. Rey eyes land of the red head guy who was sitting on the couch with a beer in his hand and Rey feels like she's going to faint. "Rey this is Hux, who doesn't know much about you" The last part Kylo whispers it in her ear and she feels relieved, so he wasn't part of their school? Good. "Hey, I'm Hux! Nice to meet you" Hux extends his arm out with a beer and gives it to Rey, almost as if the beer represented a friendship since he didn't share most of his stuff. "Thanks" Rey gives him the biggest grin and open's it only to be stopped by Kylo who immediately takes it away from her hands. "I've seen you drunk, let's not go down that path again" "Fine but I'll just secretly steal it later" Rey waves him off and sits on the couch, a weird feeling in the pit of her stomach. They never had a company with them, even Finn or Poe barely hang around with them. Still, that was because both of them didn't know about Kylo and her. Chapter 9 : Grumpy Old Man Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was finally spring break which meant that Rey didn't have to stress about anything for a whole week before remembering everything again the next time and stressing about it; typical Rey. Rey never believed in the whole point of Spring Break, you leave college for a week and do hardcore drugs and then go to jail? What was the point of that? Rey insisted that if she wanted to drugs (she doesn't, she hates them) she can do them in her own house, not some random frat's dude house. If she could be honest, she hated the idea of it but what was worse was the fact that most of her friends left to experience it while she slept in her house for the whole week. While Rey was already planning her bedtime and everything, she didn't realize that Kylo had other plans. Kylo wanted to take her out, to some secret nice place that was out of town and they wouldn't have to worry about being caught. Kylo had his eyes on a hotel that was in Endor, only five hours away in an airplane which was really nothing and most of his family lived by there, an extra bonus. "Rey, I was just you know... wondering, what are you doing this whole week? You know, for Spring Break?" "Probably will be busy, doing nothing. Why?" Rey looks at him, this look he was very familiar with. "Are you planning something?" "No... Maybe? I don't know, I just want to spend Spring Break with you. I saw this hotel online that's in Endor, I have a couple of family members there and I thought it might be nice if we spend our time together and you also meet my family" Kylo mumbles off and he hopes he doesn't sound too desperate. "Kylo are you trying to be romantic? Kylo Ren, a romantic? Also, you want me to meet your family? I don't want to sound rude Kylo but I don't think it will be safe, for you at least" Rey never had this feeling before and it was eating her up, she wanted so badly to tell everyone that she was dating Kylo but she would never risk his career. "Come on Rey! Endor is nowhere near here and my family will be really happy to finally see me dating someone" Kylo couldn't wait to show off Rey, she was perfect in his eyes and he knew that if his mother met her, she would love her to pieces. "Are you only dating me to finally be able to tell your family you have a real girlfriend?" "Well, aren't you dating me to pass College? We are equal if you think about it" Kylo leans in to kiss Rey and she nods quietly, not having the words to give hit him good with a comeback. His lips were her favorite thing about him and she swears she can kiss him all day, maybe she can beat the record of kissing the same person for a long time? Rey reminds herself to Google if that's a thing and if so can she sign up immediately. - Kylo was used to this type of warm weather and fancy hotels, he was born into the wealthy life while Rey, she wasn't. She had never seen so much beauty and expensive stuff in her life, she was almost scared to touch anything. When they first landed in Endor, Rey's first thought was of how different the weather was compared to Coruscant's. If Rey was being honest, the air in Coruscant was a killer due to air pollution while Endor, taking a deep fresh air actually meant that. Kylo had left Rey to look for to their hotel key since he insisted he wanted to prepare a surprise for her and told Rey to stay outside until everything was ready. She never had this opportunity, to ever travel outside of Coruscant and it felt magical. In her whole life, she was told she would never success to anything. That she would stay right in the pile of trash of her old neighborhood and become nothing and at one point, Rey believed that. Why? She still doesn't know why because her life has drastically changed and if she could go up to those people and show them that she actually made it, she would. Rey takes another deep breath before deciding to go back inside, not wanting to forget Kylo surprise since it seems like he worked so hard on it. Rey feels her pocket vibrate and she takes her phone out, seeing that it was Kylo who had texted her. Come upstairs, now! Rey was so entertained on wondering what silly picture she would send back to Kylo that her eyes seem to not don't catch the sight of the person in front of her (or she was thinking too much about kylo) and she bumps into them, their papers flying everywhere while the rest of their stuff fall to the floor. Rey immediately puts her phone into her pocket trying to hide the evidence and she feels like such a horrible person; Rey always judged people who never looked up from their phone and bump into others, she found them rude and ignorant but now she was one of them and she hated it.. "Sorry! I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to do that it's jus- I'm so sorry" Rey apologizes repeatedly and the person scouts, almost as if they were mad at Rey's apologies. Rey tries to help them pick up their items but they stop her before she approaches them. "It's fine kid" Her eyes look up and she sees it's an old man who seems to be wearing a white shirt with a vest. Rey feels like telling him that the trends of the leather vest were left in the 90's but she doesn't and instead tries to smiles, to at least not make it even more awkward. "I'm just a clumsy person, I'm sorry. do you need help?" Rey offers her hand, has if he needed it to cross the street or something. "How old do you think I am? I can handle myself, I just ran two miles. You on the other hand, did you lose your parents or something?" Rey had never been so offended in her life, was he trying to call her a child? Rey feels like telling him that she's a grown woman and maybe scream at him along with a couple of curse words but she doesn't in hopes she doesn't become a grumpy old person like him once she's older and decides to walk away, something Finn always told her to do. "Hey come on! I thought we were getting along" She hears him say and she lets out a laugh that was very sarcastic and he walks toward her, ignoring it. "I'm sorry, I'm just stressed out right now and I have a busy day as well" "Well, you should put your stress on something else, not someone who accidentally bumped into you and is sorry about it" Rey never understood people who put their stress on others, she remembers so many times she failed a tests in her old school and got mad but never once screamed at someone about it. Just to herself. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to. Listen can I make it up to you? I have a store by the boardwalk and if you want, I can give you a shirt or whatever you seem to like?" He offers and Rey wonders why the sudden change of heart. "Why?" "Because I'm trying to do the 'forgive people' thing. My son is in town and if I can't forgive you for this silly thing then I clearly can't forgive him so I have to at least start somewhere right?" "Well thank you, I'll think about it. You should also forgive your son, god knows he probably bumped into you and made you fall" Rey tries to joke around a little and the old grumpy man doesn't seem to be grumpy anymore. "Don't overthink it, it is a free shirt after all! If you do decide to come, just ask any of the workers for Han Solo and I'll appear there" Han tells her before walking away, not bothering to ask her for her name or a respond and now Rey knows she has to go. Notes: Next chapter might be something you have been wanting ;o! This was just a short chapter because I've been working already on chapter 10 since I want it to be good and long, so don't worry it wont be long till I post it :-) Chapter 10 : Light Them Up! Summary: So light 'em up, up, up Light 'em up, up, up Light 'em up, up, up I'm on fire Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When Rey goes back upstairs, she feels everyone glance at her. It was worse once she went in the elevator, everyone gave her this type of looks that screamed and wondered "why is she here?" but Rey didn't care, did they expect her to dress nicely to a hotel? It was just a hotel, not a fancy party. Rey didn't think she looked bad, she was just wearing a pair of black jeans with a blue t-shirt that happened to be Kylo's. Maybe it was a little too baggy on her, like really baggy but who cares, it smelled like him and she loved it. She was getting a free shirt anyways from the old grumpy guy who's name was Han Solo's and it was pretty cool. Rey reads her last text of Kylo's which tells her the floor and number of the room they are staying at and she presses on the 5th floor, the doors closing immediately. The ride doesn't take long and the doors open again, a family entering while Rey whispers a couple of ' sorry! ' for bumping into them. Rey seems to wonder if those are the only words she can say and keeps on walking, looking for room 207. '203' Rey keeps on walking towards 205 and she realizes that there isn't a room 207. She makes sure she isn't blind and rechecks again only to see that it wasn't there. Rey glances to her left at the huge door and she laughs, she doubted Kylo would have gotten that! Not that he couldn't afford the Suite Room because she knew he could but still, it wasn't something she expected. She walks towards the door to at least get her curiosity out of the way and she leans in to see the number in the room. 207 - Suite Room Rey lets out a small "what" to herself confused as to why he would pick this room out of all of them. Rey didn't want him to waste money on her, at all and she wanted to be angry at him for doing this but maybe this was the surprise he kept talking about? Rey knocks on the door since Kylo never gave her a key but to her surprise, the door was opened. Rey opens it, not even bothering to wonder why it was open . The first thing that Rey notices it is that the lights are out but there are candles scattered across the room and a couple of pedals on the floor that seem to guide into the bedroom and although its romantic, Rey lets out a little laugh simply because she didn't think Kylo would do this, ever. She takes her shoes off and places them in the corner of the room not wanting to stomp of any of the petals and not ruin what she knew Kylo worked so hard on. There's a loud noise that sounds exactly like Kylo bumping into a table along with a ' damn it' and she knows it's obviously Kylo messy self. Rey walks little faster and she enters the large bedroom only to be faced to face with something she didn't expect to see. Kylo shirtless with no pants. "Kylo?" Rey laughs at him and he sits on the edge of the bed, checking on his knee for any redness or bruise. "I thought you were the room service and I panicked! I was trying to be romantic and well" Kylo sounds like he's sad that he caught him like this and Rey grabs his face, giving him a gentle kiss that seems to make everything better. "You don't have to be romantic, I already love you. In fact, I should be the one trying to be seductive with you!" Rey tells him and she places both of his hands on her hips and he pulls her closer to him. "Then show me" He whispers as a joke and Rey nods shyly, she was willing to do it. Rey slowly takes her shirt off and his eyes widen, he truly didn't expect that at all. "Rey wait, are you sure? I love you and I want you to be fine and neither pressure plus I was joking" "I'm fine, I promise. Plus you're already half naked" Rey takes her ponytail out and tries to fix her hair, to make her more attractive but instead, her hair gets stuck in her mouth and Kylo laughs. "If I had known that getting hit by a table would have turned you on, I would had start bumping everywhere!" "Now you know" Kylo knows he shouldn't be turned on by this but he is and god he's loving every bit of it, even if he was about to have sex where they laugh halfway over anything. There's a bulge very visible on his boxers and Rey smiles, unbuttoning her pants and getting them out only to jump on him. "Wow" Are the only words Kylo can say, he had never seen Rey like this and it was turning him on so much, even more over the fact that she was on the top. Rey takes her bra off and she leans forwards him, kissing him harshly. She wanted him so bad and she didn't know why it was almost as if something was taking over her body and making her do all these new things that she never did with her others ex-boyfriends. If she remembers well, she kind of hated doing it with them since they were always boring while Kylo, he brought something out of her. Kylo wants to do so many things to her yet Rey wanted to be on top and he respected that, he also hadn't had sex in a long time and if Rey told him to run naked in the lobby for it, he would. "Kylo why do you smell like smoke?" Rey asks while she kisses his neck, leaving a very bright hickey that had to be covered heavily by her foundation tomorrow. "Ummmmm" Kylo didn't know he smelled like it and if he could be serious, he didn't care right now. He wanted this so bad and instead closes his eyes, unsure of how to respond to her. Rey shrugs not wanting to get the mood down and she brings her lips down to his stomach, slowly going more down towards what he had been hoping he touched since he saw her. "Wait, why is there smoke?" Kylo knew he wasn't going crazy, the room was filled with smoke. Rey turns around and once she sees a tiny flame going on in the corner where one of the candles was, she gets up in panic mode and goes towards it. "Kylo call 911! like now!" Rey can barely see or even breath to find the kitchen to get water but she makes it to the bathroom and tries to use the palm of her hands as a bucket to fill it with water. "REY THAT WON'T WORK!" Kylo is in panicked mode and although his bulge is still very visible, he's sure the fire is a big turn off for anyone. "Stop screaming at me okay! I don't know what to do! I can't believe we almost had sex and died!" Rey is still very naked but manages to find Kylo's very Hawaiian shorts on the floor and she decides to leave the room even if she didn't have a shirt on, she was not ready to die. Kylo grabs Rey by her arm pulling her towards out of the room and begins to hit other people's room door to warn them about the fire. "Kylo please give me your shirt, I really don't want to be caught like this" Kylo without even thinking about it, takes his shirt off and she grabs it immediately putting it on not wanting to face the people here topless, they already hated her for no reason and this wasn't becoming another one. Rey's eyes glance at Kylo and she realizes he's wearing a pair of black skinny jeans without a shirt and if Rey wasn't so frightened about the fire, she would had been turned on. A couple of minutes pass by and the fire department come out of the stairs by elevator and begin to tell everyone to evacuate. Kylo guides them into their room and even though tons of smoke come out, only the corner and the couch were on fire. The damage wasn't a big deal but she knew that the bill would be huge and she hated herself for it, it was all her fault. Rey walks away not wanting to face Kylo or any of the people who she knew were going to look at her oddly. She takes the stairs since most of the people took the elevator instead and she goes down slowly, trying to take her time to think. ' Why didn't I look when I smelled smoke?' Rey feels dumb because she was clueless due to lust and if Finn or Poe knew about this, they would scream at her face. The guilt is still eating her up and she feels horrible, she had to tell someone like now. Once she finally reaches to the first floor, she looks through her pockets to find her phone only to realize that she left everything upstairs and all she had was Kylo's wallet, great! The hotel's lobby is empty and she realizes that everyone was outside surrounding the hotel wondering what was happening. All eyes are on her with a couple of glances once she comes out of it and it's almost as if everyone wasn't surprised that it was her fault. Rey walks towards the beach boardwalk instead, not wanting to give the people the pleasure of making fun of her. Rey hated this, how was it that she was turned on a couple of minutes ago and now she felt like a piece of shit. Rey keeps on walking and lets the trail of sand guide her. There wasn't a lot of people on the boardwalk and Rey was thankful for it since most of the people here in the boardwalk weren't judging her and had more important things to worry about than the horrible Hawaiian pants she was wearing. It doesn't take long till she sees a phone booth that was empty and she runs towards it, happy to finally be able to talk to Finn even if they screamed at her. The phone booth looks almost as if its fifty years old but she puts the phone to her ear and she hears the buzz of the old sound that she grew up with. Rey goes through Kylo's wallet and finds six-quarter and god she's so thankful for him and this quarters that barely people use yet Kylo still had some. She shoves them into the hole and begins to dial Finn's number, knowing it by memory. It takes two rings before she hears a deep voice say "who is this?" and she knows it's a jealous Poe. "Poe it's me, Rey! Can you please put Finn on the phone? like now? I have a couple of minutes left" she hears an "okay" and she's glad Poe knows this emergency calls she did many times. It doesn't take long before she hears a worried Finn says "what's wrong and where are you?" and Rey is sure she might cry. "Finn, I'm in Tatooine. Listen I know you will be mad when you hear this but I'm here because I've been dating Kylo for four months and he invited me to meet his family and now we were about to have sex and surprise, the room gets caught in fire and its all my fault because I knew I smelled smoke but didn't do nothing about it and now rich people keep giving me this horrible looks and I truly don't know what to do, I'm wearing horrible shorts for god sake and I'm using a phone booth, Finn! a phone booth!! Anyways how are you?" Finn lets out a loud "WHAT" through the phone and she hears Poe's name being called several times. "Okay, I was joking when I meant you guys should go out together! It's called sarcasm Rey! He's your professor, he can go to jail! You know what, don't move! I'm going to get you" "No!" Rey screams and Finn is confused, he was trying to help her. "Finn, I love him and I'm not going anywhere. I called you because I felt guilty, not for you scream at me for dating him. I just needed someone to help me before I went crazy" Rey tries to joke and Finn sighs, unsure why he does she whispers his name again almost like a sorry. "Fine but please come home so we can all talk about it, I love you and I know you might have only a couple of seconds left before this call goes down so I love you, but seriously remember to come home and bring Kylo, we will have a talk" Finn hangs up and Rey takes it as an approval. Even though Rey still has the phone on her hand, she smiles and holds it tightly. Sure it wasn't the best day of her life but she finally told Finn and it was all she wanted to do. Rey looks around her surroundings and her eyes land on the store named "Solo's beach store" and she wonders if the wonderful Han Solo himself. She enters it and she's met with the sound of Metallica that came from the end of the store. She only sees one worker working, a teenage boy who's eyes seem to come out when he sees Rey and she wonders how he even thinks of her as cute when she looks like a mess. "Hey, do you know where I can find Han Solo?" The kid immediately nods and stands up, going towards the back of the store while Rey follows him. "Solo! This beautiful girl here is looking for you" Rey knows he's trying to flirt but god he's so bad at it and he was only 15 or 16, it was kind of adorable. "Did you just call me Solo? and if isn't Leila, tell them I don't want to meet with them" Han response back and Rey laughs, he sure was the nicest. Rey enters towards the door that was now blasting Led Zeppelin and she notices that this room was bigger than it seemed, it was a garage and Han was under the car working on it. "With all due respect, this car can't get any better with all the fixing you do to it" Han's head come out from under the car and he feels almost offended they said that until he sees it's Rey. "You made it! I also see you really need that shirt we were talking about earlier" Rey nods and Han comes from under the car completely, wiping his hands on his blue jeans. His white shirt is dirty but his jeans seem to be the most filled with oil. "Follow me and you can pick whichever you want from any rank, ignore Aaron here by the way and his horrible flirting, boy doesn't know a thing about girls I tell you" Han smiles and he walks back to the store, to the beginning of the store to show Rey the first rank. "This one has names and I'm sure you might find your name in one of them. The other rack has Tv Shows name, are you into Games Of Thrones or some weird show? We have tons of those" Han goes on to give her a whole tour of the shop and through it, Rey is kind of thankful she bumped into him. "Rey!" she hears someone call her from outside of the shop and she turns around to see Kylo except this time he was wearing a shirt, a pink one to be exact. She runs towards him and Han's eyes widen once he realizes who it is. "Where did you go!? I've been looking for you everywhere! I'm so glad you're okay, I was worried" Kylo holds her face tightly and leans in to kiss her while Han lets a laugh out. "Rey you can't tell me you're dating him? You know what, forget what I said about Aaron! He's better for you!" Rey is confused and shocked as to why he would say that!? Rey was just getting along with him and now he says that about Kylo? Sure he might have been wearing a pink shirt but he was shirtless and he needed one. He gives them both an odd look since Kylo wasn't mad and Han almost looked like he was about to cry, as if he knew Kylo.... "It's nice to see you too dad" Notes: THERE IT IS GUYS, IM ACTUALLY SO PROUD THAT THIS IS KIND OF LONG THAT IM WRITING LIKE THIS I LOVE YOU ALL Chapter 11 : Reservation For Four? Summary: Han Solo is actually funny Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "When were you going to tell me that Han-who offered me a free shirt-Solo was your dad?" "Well, Rey you never really gave me a chance to talk did you? You just walked away and left me" Rey knows he's right but he still shouldn't have lied to her about his parents, it just made everything, even more, harder for her. "You truly can't expect me to stay in a place where everyone looks at me as if I'm a walking disaster!?" "No one looked at me like that, I don't even think they paid any mind to us" Rey knows by now that her meter is high and she might scream at him. "Of course, no one did Kylo! You're rich and to their eyes, I looked like some gold digger!" Rey knows she shouldn't express how she truly felt, she once read in a magazine that if she ever did, it would make matters worse and that's exactly what was happening. "Well, if you are one then you are a fine actress. They should do a movie like that, I'd watch it" Kylo lets out a small laugh because even though he knew they were in an argument, he didn't want it to heat up. "You what? I-..... are you calling me a gold digger as well?" Rey crosses both of her arms, one leg tapping on the ground while the other waited for the answer. "It isn't like that, I was joking Re-" " Relax you two before Ben gets hurt and gets his ass kicked " Han separates both of them away and Ben whispers a "thanks" because he knew Rey would kick his butt too. Han knew exactly that Ben was horrible with girlfriends, it was on their genes. Yet Han was thankful he never joked while Leila argued with him, that was definitely not a hole he was going to dig himself in. "Ben go to your room and wait for me. Rey, you stay here and I'll get Leila" "Dad I'm twenty-nine, I think I'll stay right here" Kylo whined, pulling away from Han's hand and going back to his spot, next to Rey's. "You might be twenty-nine but I can still beat your ass" Han puts both of his hands on his waist, giving him a try me look . Kylo's smile immediately disappears and there's a frown forming on his lips. Good, Han thinks. "Han, why do you keep calling Kylo-who I'm not speaking to- Ben? Am I missing something?" Rey glanced at his way when she says both of his names but instead Kylo looks at Han, ignoring her eyes completely. "I changed it when I turned twenty-two because I hated it, still do" Kylo mumbled and Rey wonders if Kylo would be less scary if he was still named Ben. "I asked Han, not you. Now stop pouting and giving me a cute look, I'm mad at you" Rey pushes him slightly but somehow Kylo ends up closer to her. "Both of you are so childish, I understand why you like each other. It makes total sense, you guys are like Llyod and Harry from Dumb and Dumber!" Han walks away not wanting to even look at them and goes to look for Leila, the who always fixed everything. "Rey" There's only silence in the living room and it bothers Kylo, a lot. "Rey" Nothing. "Rey!" "What!" Rey screams right back at him and he smiles, that cute smile he always did when he wanted a favor. "I love you" The words slip out of Kylo's mouth before he can process anything, Rey's eyes widen in confusion. "You're in love with a gold digger? Gross!" Rey remarks and her smile tends to become bigger which only made him happier that she was no longer mad at him. The Solo genes were i n his favor today. "Of course" Kylo leans in and kisses her temple almost as if he was trying to apologize. he was infatuated with her. "Your father tells me you already fighting with your friend?" "Girlfriend" Kylo fixes her words and she smiles, she was pleased with the sound of it. "Good, how about we all go out to eat and you can tell me how you guys met" Leila grabs her jacket from the couch and walks towards Rey, grabbing her by the arm. "Girls call the back, Ben you can sit in the front with your dad" Rey feels her nerves calm down, Mrs. Solo was the most lovely person she's ever met and she's only known her for two minutes to be exact. This might actually go great. - "Rey tell me, how did you meet Ben?" Leila's voice was soft, compared to both Han's and Kylo's which made the talking a bit easier. "Well, actually we met in such-" the volume of the radio goes higher, blocking her voice completely off and Rey knows's it's Kylo who's controlling it. His eyes glance at her through the rearview mirror and Rey wonders if he has a problem with her talking about how they met. Rey never had a problem telling others how they met, in fact, she thought it was cute. Rey didn't care if people judged them, it wasn't anything that was bad. So he was her professor? Who cares? Not her and neither should anyone else. It wasn't bad and Rey probably isn't the first student Kylo has ever dated. Wait . Rey tries to not overthink about Kylo's other relationships who might have been with other students and puts all her attention to Leila. "As I was saying, we met in school in his classroom" Rey nonchalantly tells her and Leila's eyes widen and there's something in the air that Rey hasn't felt in such a long time. Tension. If she could remember a bit of her oldest memories when she was young, it was that there was always tension there and this almost felt like home. "What she means, she's actually a substitute teacher in our college and was meant to teach one of my classes but I ended up coming that day! One thing led to another and well you know!" Kylo adds and Leila lets out a breath that sounds almost as if she was keeping it the whole time. "No, what I mean is, I'm one of his students" One way or another, the truth was coming out. "Rey!" The car comes to a stop and she realizes that they are in front of a burger shop, something Rey didn't expect from his parents. She expected them to go to some expensive restaurant, like Olive Garden or something far more preppy but instead they were in front of a tiny Burger Kings and boy she couldn't wait to eat some onion rings. "What?" Rey shrugs it off, she's sure his parents don't care at all and Kylo was beginning to make a big deal over it. "Ben, we truly don't care about your sex life, you can date whoever you want as long as they make you happy" Mrs. Solo sends a wink to Rey and she's sure Kylo won't speak to her for a whole day after they get back home. "Mom! Stop embarrassing me!" Kylo sighs unbuckling his seatbelt while Han read his newspaper in his seat ignoring all of them like always. All of them get out of the car after Kylo had a long talk on how jokes about him were not going to be allowed because it simply was too embarrassing. Or how the pictures of his 3rd birthday party were also not allowed to been seen by Rey because of how silly he looked and his big ears couldn't fit the party cup hat's - (Rey thought it was super cute-. Kylo was telling her most of his embarrassing stories before his parents got to them and Rey is sure at one point, Han called him a 'party pooper'. Still, Rey decides to take Kylo serious and accept his offer of not bullying him for the rest of the night just because she loves him but fails right after he told her he was once compared to the neighbors cat because it had huge ears. He even told her he was sure when he was little that he would play in his own comic book and call it Catman. "Now that I got that out of the way, let's go eat burgers" Notes: Who is late? Me! It's me! Im sorry I'm late but school got me busy and now I have family over!! This is just a tiny update that I haven't even check if it's written right! If it isn't and there's tons of mistake, I promise I'll fix them tomorrow! its 2am help me i can only write so little i hate me Chapter 12 : Home Summary: kylo is being.... kylo? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey was overwhelmed to finally be back home, on her house and mostly her bed. She never thought she would miss her bed ever but today everything had changed, she missed the smell and the comfort of it as if she hadn't slept on it a couple of days ago. "Come! Feel how soft this is!" Rey extends her arms to reach for Kylo who stood by her room door waiting for her permission to enter. She thought it was kind of cute that he did that while he did it out of respect just like his mom had taught him. "It is soft, are these new sheets or something?" Kylo plays along, sitting at the edge of the bed not wanting to be caught fully in it. "It was probably Poe! He loves decorating the house and I should be mad at him for changing them but I love them so much" "I was kidding" "I wasn't" Rey pulls on the ends Kylo's shirt, trying to catch his attention. "Lay with me?" Her sweet voice made him weak and he nodded instantly, taking his blue converse off and getting inside the huge blanket that Rey had wrapped around herself. "Can you at least share some blanket?" Kylo joked, pulling on the blanket that was covering her face while Rey gets closer to him resting her head on his chest. "I love you" Rey mumbles and begins to drift off into her sleep, her thoughts and dreams being about Kylo. "What is going on?!" A loud voice asked from the stairs and Kylo gets up slowly, his heart beating rapidly. "Are you trying to sneak out, Mr. Ren?" a voice behind him speaks and Kylo shuts the door to Rey's room, in hopes he doesn't wake her up. "Hey Finn" he responds cheerfully but Finn's face never changed, still angry. "I'm not sneaking out, I just heard your voice and thought it was an intruder" "No, it's just me. Didn't Rey explain to you that I come early?" "No, but she did say she loves her bed sheets" "Stop changing the subject, why are you here? Everyone already knows you're using her" Finn steps a bit closer and Kylo breath stops for a second, which way was again the exit? "Look I would never do that to Rey, I love her with all my heart and I'm not that type of person. Why can't you understand that?" "Because I know your last ex-girlfriend was your student" - When Rey woke up, she realized two things. The sun was going down and Kylo was nowhere to be found. The sound of the intro of the X-Files and two people arguing echoes through the hallways and Rey wonders if it was Finn fighting with Poe again over the last pop tart. "No Finn! I don't care if she's your friend, you need to understand that he has to tell her. It's their business and if he won't do it, then I won't argue with you. You heard him, though, he said he will tell her" "I hate that you are always right" She hears Finn respond and not wanting to hear any of the conversation, she opens her room door. Whoever they were talking about, it seemed serious. Rey hoped it wasn't their old friend Natasha whom always seemed to be arguing with her boyfriend because if she could be honest, it got tiring to hear them both. Rey yawns as she goes down the stairs and she's pretty sure at one point she heard Poe say "Oh god did she hear us?" "Hey guys, were you talking about Natasha again?" Rey asks as she walked past them heading towards the fridge. "Yeah" "No" "What?" She hears two different response and both of them laugh awkwardly. "Poe meant to say yes but he's a bit drunk right now" Rey's eyes land on the water of bottle on his hands and she gives them both a confuse look. "What are you, the police? God, he drank an hour ago" Finn puts the volume higher and Rey shrugs, not wanting to make Finn any angrier than he seemed. Her phone begins to buzz and she wonders if it's Kylo, she was starting to miss him, like a lot. She looks at the ID caller and she sees it's a 1-800 number, how long till they got real jobs? she wondered and declined. She opens her message and sees she's only gotten one from Finn and that was hours ago, still nothing of Kylo. "Hey, where did you go? I miss youuu :( " She types and sends it. She hates that he takes a bit longer to reply but she also knew they had school tomorrow and maybe he was busy. Her phone buzzes two minutes later and she sees his name pop up. "Busy" it's the only thing he replies and she hopes she didn't do something to make him angry at her. "With?" Rey types and doesn't bother to put any face at all, hoping he got the hint that she was a tiny bit angry at him for just leaving her. "Something.... I have to go, I'll talk to you tomorrow" "With how you are acting, I might not even bother going to your class" Rey responds and throws her phone to the table, not wanting to get more angry at him. Rey was angry at him, maybe a bit furious. She didn't do anything wrong at all if there was someone who was supposed to be mad was her! Yet here he was acting like it was all Rey's fault and he was the one who was allowed to be mad at her. "Finn" "Yes, Rey?" "Did you see Kylo leave today? He's kind of being an asshole and I honestly don't know what I did to him" Rey sits down on the stool next to the counter and Finn joins her. "Yeah I did" Finn muttered and he wonders if he should tell her about the whole thing. "Did he tell you where he was going or anything at all?" "Look just listen to me for one second Rey, I have to tell you something important" Rey's eyes look at his and he's got all of her attention and it makes it harder for him to tell her. "No, you don't! He keeps trying to tell everyone of how he finally saw all of The Hunger Games movies and I keep trying to tell him that no one cares but he won't listen to me!" Poe drags Finn away from Rey and pulls him into the bathroom, closing the door. "What did I tell you!" Poe had him pinned to the wall, one of his hands on his face. "Why won't you just listen to me and let Kylo tell her?" "I know you want me to listen to you but I'm kind of turned on by this" - Notes: a bit of drama and some stormpilot! I know im super late but honestly I just felt like no one read this and I was so uninspired but I saw something that made me want to write again and here we are! Chapter 13 : It Will Rain Summary: The one where Rey is Kylo.... have a break? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey remembered exactly what she had not only told herself but Kylo, and that was that she wasn't going to his class at all. She was going to skip his class and wait for him to message her, even call her and apologize for being asshole and Rey would act like she didn't want to accept it even though it would make her so relief. She had it all planned out on how it was going to happen yet something was very wrong with her plan and it was that she was in front of his office, waiting for him. Rey didn't want to see him but a part of her did, it told her to stop being childish and just be upfront about it to him but another also told her that it wasn't her fault and if he wanted to talk to her, he was going to be the one that would have to the work. "You're early here" She hears a voice and she notices it one of the boys from her class, one of the cute ones. "Hey! I'm sorry I forgot your name" Rey confesses, how could she forget his name? "I'm Sebastian, I'm the one who sits all the way in the back in Mr. Ren's class, he's kind of scary you know?" "He isn't scary, he's like a cat. You think they are mean but they are the cutest thing ever" "Are you calling Mr. Ren cute?" He lets out a tiny smile and Rey is sure she's blushing really hard at the moment. "No! I was just trying to say, cats are cute" "What are you here for? Finals? because if so, I am too" Rey gives him an odd look until she realizes that she isn't his girlfriend in school but just a normal student who looked like a mess today. "Actually, I'm just here in hopes he writes me a recommendation letter" Rey lies smoothly, maybe because that's what their relationship seemed to be based on nowadays. "Well I wish he would hurry, I saw him in the parking lot talking to this girl and he kind of just ignored me when I asked him about the final" When those words came out of his mouth, Rey felt a lump in her throat. She wanted to talk, to tell him how funny that is and that Kylo wasn't one to flirt but how would she know, she's his student and no one should know about what they do. "Good, here he comes" She hears Sebastian mumble and when she turns around to look for Kylo, she notices there's a girl next to him. The girl seemed a bit too close to him and whenever they walked, their hands would brush against each other and Rey wonders if she's dreaming. Kylo seemed happy and interested in what she was saying, something that he only did with Rey yet here was this girl she didn't know affecting him just like Rey did. She wanted to approach them and ask him what's going on but instead, she looks at her red converse and they're tears forming in her eyes. "Are you okay?" She hears Sebastian ask and she nods rapidly, not wanting him to see her like this. "Yeah I just feeI A bit sick, I think I might head home" He nods understanding how much finals affect everyone, including himself and Rey begins to walk away, her hands holding tightly to her phone. "Rey!" She hears his voice and god she wanted to stop and kiss him, tell him how much she missed him but he was being really weird with her and it didn't make her feel good. It made her feel sick. "I'm busy" She responds and keeps on walking, hoping he stops following but instead he gets closer to her and grabs a hold of her arm. "Rey what are you doing? Why are you mad? Did Finn or Poe fight with you?" he ask and he rubs her back, almost as a comfort but it made her feel even weirder. "Mr. Ren, can we talk?" she notices that Sebastian was behind them the whole time and when Kylo turns his back on her, she whispers a "thank you" to him and he gives her a signal to walk away. Rey never thought in her life that she would have to do something like this, even more with Kylo. She loves him but with the way he was acting, it made her feelings confused. Then it finally hits her, Finn and Poe weren't talking about Natasha and her horrible boyfriends. They were talking about her the whole time and she couldn't believe she didn't realize. She stood outside waiting for the bus to arrive and the weather was completely different. It was no longer sunny, there was a dark cloud that seemed to be following her and the wind that almost made her fall. She didn't understand how the weather changed so rapidly, she was only gone for an hour. Her phone rings and its a message from Kylo, not something she was looking forwards to. She ignores it and calls the one person she puts all of her trust on and who could help. "Finn, can you come pick me up?" - On the car, both of them were quiet. Rey was the first one to speak up since she knew Finn was one way or another going to ask her. "I think he's cheating on me" "What?" Finn ask, his voice changing completely. "I will kill him myself or with Poe!" "It's fine, I understand. The girl he's with, she's so much prettier and I'm sure she's his age, maybe smarter who knows?" Rey lets out a laugh that sounds obviously strongly fake and Finn feels horrible. "Are you sure? Ren doesn't look like the type to do that" Finn tells her and Rey wonders if he's right. - Rey knows its final test weeks but she decides that not going to his class at all was the right choice and for now, it was working. He hadn't bothered to call her anymore after the twenty-five missed a call from him that she still looked at and the voicemails he also left that she erased. She even changed her routes completely. On her new routes, she would sometimes see Sebastian and the more she saw him, the more she would find him attractive. She hoped it was just that her being vulnerable and nothing serious. Sebastian even began to walk her to some of her classes after a couple of weeks because he said he didn't mind at all. Sometimes she would see Kylo in the hallways but since Sebastian never left her side and they were always in public places, Kylo never bothered to approach her. Instead, he would stare at her, he would give her a different look she never was seen and for someone who was being ignored by his girlfriend, he seemed alright. Rey on the other side, the bags under her eyes gotten darker and she knew she looked horrible but she just didn't care anymore. Yet Kylo still cared for her so much and he decided to today he was going to finally talk to her. He didn't care if someone saw him with her, he loved her so much and if he had to prove his love for her in front of everyone, he will. Notes: hello yes Sebastian as in Sebastian Stan as in Bucky Barnes: I had to and I'm sorry Chapter 14 : All or Nothing Summary: Drama..! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "What do you want?" was the first thing Rey asked and it made Kylo frown, he was expecting something else. "Well I don't know, how about my girlfriend to reply back and not ignore me at all?" "Just like I'd love to have a boyfriend who doesn't cheat on me!" Rey screamed and she hopes no one heard her at all or maybe she did. "What? I didn't- listen, Rey, is this about my ex-girlfriend? Okay look I broke up with her before I asked you out. When you kissed me in the car, I did have actually had a girlfriend but I never told you" his last sentences comes off as a mumble but somehow Rey hears him clearly. "Wait, are you saying that you broke up with her because of me?" Rey couldn't believe it, she had actually help someone cheat. She always told herself she would never do that and even if she didn't know, it still made her feel horrible. There's a horrible feeling in the pit of her stomach and she feels like she's going to puke or worse, faint. "No, I mean yes? I wanted to break up with her for a long time Rey, I didn't love her and she knew it! I love you and that's what matters!" his hands reach for her, hoping to get a reply out of her but instead she steps backwards, her back hitting against the wall. "I made it to you very clear that I would never cheat and when I said that, I also meant I would never help someone cheat on another person. Kylo I'm not those type of persons and you made me do something I never wanted to do in my life" "Technically you kissed me first" Kylo smiles and Rey wants to smack him for making something funny out of the argument. "Yes but I also thought you were single. Hell, I thought you hated people" Rey laughs at the moment when they first met and the way he treated her after she tripped in front of him, how time goes fast. "You know who I hate? People who try to steal others girlfriends. Why does Sebastian keep hanging out with you?" Kylo had completely changed the conversation about him as if Rey wouldn't still be mad at him. "What?" "Look, I know girls fight over him, actually the whole school is in love with him and all of a sudden he's hanging out with you? Out of all of them? Don't you think it's a little odd Rey?" he asks and Rey feels her blood beginning to boil, how dare he even say that!? "Are you insisting that I'm not good enough for him? Wait are you seriously telling your own girlfriend that there's better looking girls for him instead of me?" Rey was fuming, she knew that relationships had to tell the truth but this wasn't acceptable, not to her. "No Rey that's not what I mean! I mean tha-" before Kylo can finish his sentence, Rey phone begins to ring. She takes it off her pocket expecting it to be Finn wondering where she was or Poe but it wasn't, instead, it was Sebastian. "Hey Seb, can I call you back in a minute? I'm kind of busy right now" "Wait, he has your phone number and you gave him a nickname? You might as well start dating!" Kylo couldn't believe it, it took him forever to get her phone number but all it took was a week or less for this guy to get her number and gain a nickname as well? "You know what Seb, I'm actually not busy at all. Let me just get out of class so we can keep talking" Rey begins stuff in her bag with all of her papers nd Kylo immediately gets up, in hopes to stop her. "What? No, we aren't done with this conversation!" "Yes, we are, Mrs. Phasma! I'll talk to you tomorrow about the scholarship! Have a good day!" before Kylo can say anything else, Rey was already out the door ignoring his calls. - "So wait you just walked out on him?" Finn takes another sip of his strawberry milkshake, trying to appreciate the last bit of it. Both Rey and Finn were sitting on The CorusDiner, sipping on their incredible milkshakes that never failed them. They always did this, whenever they had to talk about something important or just let out their feelings, they would head to the diner and drink their feelings away, this time with sugar. "Actually, Sebastian called me and well I kind of used him as a getaway" She replied embarrassed. Rey hated that she used Sebastian like that but he was her only hope at that exact moment. "Is this Sebastian kid cute or something? He seems to be the talk of the town but I've never seen him in my life" Finn asked hoping to get a clear answer. "I have him on Instagram, if you want I'll search him up?" "Since when do you have Instagram? Actually since when do you do any social media at all?" Finn was confused, Rey didn't hate social media but she was never one to use it. "Sebastian made me make one two days ago! It isn't actually bad, you get to see tons of pics of cats or any animal you want to see, it's kind of like the Zoo except you get the front row" "If he made you get into social media then I now must see him now" Rey nods and goes on her Instagram, scrolling through her feed knowing he was always posting a picture. There was a couple of pics of cats and ducks in it, she liked some and got a little caught in it before returning back to finding him. When his name pops up, she clicks on his profile and sees the latest post, a picture... of............ "Holy shit" "What?" Rey couldn't believe it, was this a joke that was on her? "Hey look its a picture of you!.... in his feed?" Finn takes the phone away from her and scrolls down to see the caption. 'I don't know how to tell you that I'm already in love with you but I hope that when you see this, you finally realize it' "Rey what is this? Did this dude just admit he's in love with you on Instagram? Please tell me he's joking" Finn couldn't process this and when he looks up from the phone, Rey had her head pressed on the table. "Why is this happening to me? I'm not even pretty and all of a sudden the hottest guy is saying this? Finn by any chance is it April fools?" Rey hoped this was a joke, she couldn't believe he had posted this, all of the girls and guys in school followed him! Rey finally understood why when she came out of school, all of the girls kept giving her horrible looks. She just thought it was because she was wearing an oversized sweater that... "Oh no! Today I wore Sebastian's sweater! It almost as if I was trying to tell everyone we are a thing or something but I wasn't! He was the one who told I can keep it since it no longer fit him" "You know when Poe and I started dating, he actually gave me his shirt and told me it didn't fit him! Months later he told he just gave it to me to see me in it and now that I think about it, it's kind of cute" Finn smiled, those years back then when they had to sneak around to see each other. He kind of missed the feeling of being scared to get caught by his parents. "Ohhh! Sebastian was doing the same exact thing!" "What am I going to do Finn?" Rey didn't know what to do, she wanted to call Sebastian and tell him to delete the post, that she was seeing someone and it wasn't cool to do that. Yet she couldn't find the strength to even take her phone out, to tell him that she didn't like him because truth was, she was unsure. She was unsure of her feelings, maybe she did have feelings for him or maybe she didn't, but for now she had to talk to Kylo. "Look, Rey, as much as I want to be the next person to tell you to go with Kylo because he's your boyfriend, you also need to remember that he's a teacher! One way or another you guys were going to catch but all of sudden you get a chance to date the hottest guy and break up with your teacher? This sounds almost too good, why does everything good happen to you? Lord give me something" "What!? No! I love Kylo and I already met his parents, I went through so much for this relationship to happen and you just want me to throw it all away?" Finn was out of his mind, no way Rey would do that! Would she? "Alright, then what are you going to do with Sebastian?" Finn wondered, hoping to finally get a good answer from her. "I don't know Finn, isn't that why you are here for? to help me with my decisions?" "Well, this time, I think you should do your own decision" Notes: This chapter screams drama and I hope you like it :) Chapter 15 : Crowded Hallways Summary: drama like huge DRAMA Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The next day, Rey realized that it didn't take long before the news of Sebastian post was the main topic in the school hallways. It was like high school all over again, all eyes on her while she walked to class. It also didn't take long for Kylo to find out as well. Rey hated to admit it but she felt guilty, she knew that this was wrong and she had to talk to him as soon as possible. "Rey!" she heard the voice that had basically ruined her 'be a ghost in the hallways' theory and she immediately changes her pace a little faster. "Rey, wait up!" It doesn't take long before he reaches for her and pulls on her hands, making her completely stop in front of everyone. "Why are you ignoring me?" Rey wanted to walk away, god she was angry at him for the post but she was also angry at herself for developing some feelings for him, something she didn't want. "Sebastian, what are you doing?" "What do you mean?" he knows that she's angry at him but he didn't understand why he was just expressing how he felt. Sebastian expected something else from her, maybe a "hey" or an "I'm not" but instead he gets harsh words and it hurts him. "Because Sebastian......It's hard to explain but I'm kind of seeing someone right now" Rey almost felt pleased with herself because those words had felt so heavy on her and being able to say it kind of felt relieving. On the other hand, Sebastian wasn't happy with it. This was almost like the world colliding for him because not only was this the first time he was being....rejected? "But I also feel something for you and I want to know what it is but I just don't know how to you know? It's complicated" she finished and Sebastian nods, a tiny smile appearing on his lips. This gave him an idea, something he had seen in corny teen movies that he secretly love but hated to admit it. "Alright well tell me if this helps you with how you feel about me" Before Rey can say anything else, Sebastian leans in and kisses her deeply. Rey couldn't lie, he was actually a good kisser and his lips...Were they sweet like cherry? or Strawberry...She couldn't explain but she was sure either he was eating fruit or he had chapstick. "Rey! What are you doing!?" she hears a voice shout and all of a sudden she's back to earth. She pulls away immediately and turns around to see Kylo with a horrific look on his face. Almost everyone eyes were on them now, definitely. "What?" Rey replies confused, was he going to tell her off in front of everyone? What if he gets fired? Or worse, goes to jail over this? "You're dating someone! Did you forget or what?" "What does it matter to you? Since when do teachers care about who their students date?" everyone gasp and all eyes are back on Sebastian and Rey. "She's dating me! I'm his best friend and that's why he cares" Hux comes out of the corner and Rey has never been so relieved in her life but also very confused. "Look.. This is just." The voices are becoming louder and Rey feels nauseous, she feels a little bit scared and god why was this happening to her? She was having a panic attack, something she hadn't since so long and now it was happening because of some dumb silly boys. She told herself to never to never do something like this yet here she was, kissing someone else who wasn't Kylo. "I need to go" Rey mumbled and walked away immediately, ignoring both Sebastian and Kylo's voices. "This isn't over" Kylo tells Sebastian and everyone began to go back to their own way as if nothing had ever happened. "Look, something tells me that your little friend isn't the one dating her and it bothers me that you're treating her like a piece of shit. You won't even admit that you're the one with her, almost like if you were ashamed" Kylo blood was boiling by now and he's sure that if he wasn't a student of his, he would kick his ass. "You don't know shit! I waited so long to find someone like her and make me feel the way she does and you aren't going to take that away from me" Sebastian stays quiet, almost confused and scared to say something else. Ren was never seen angry in the hallways of the school because well he wasn't even seen in the hallways itself. "Okay sorry that I have to cut the tension here like a cake but Kylo you have another class to teach and you kid, go to book club or whatever you kids do nowadays" Hux grabs a hold of Kylo's arm and begins to walk back towards his classroom. "Yeah go back to class but just know I love her and I'm willing to tell everyone about it while you're being a coward that only cares about themselves" Sebastian screams before heading towards the way Rey had gone before. - The little dramatic scene that had happened in the school seemed to be everyone's topic. The good thing was that no one actually knew about Kylo and Rey but everyone was shocked to see that Rey was dating someone older than her who wasn't even part of The College, Hux. He would get sometimes a couple of stares when he had left Kylo's class or even get some snarky comments like "way to go man" just because he was supposedly dating someone younger than him. Hux thought it was silly how guys who didn't even know him were giving him high fives, it was so dumb and god he was glad he hadn't gone to College or else he would had fought everyone in it. If they were like this, of course. By now, Rey had calmed down a bit. Her tears were dry and her mascara was all over her eyes but she didn't care about how she looked, she was tired of everything and everyone around her. The floor was so cold and she looked so silly sitting on the corner of the school, she decided to get up and walk home. Maybe walking could do her good, after all, she needed to clear her mind. "I'm sorry" Those words were exactly what she had been wanting to hear for so long, for someone to tell her that she was confused and it was okay. She looks up and sees a girl on her phone, still whispering "I'm sorry" to whoever it was on the phone and she wonders if that girl did the same thing or maybe even worse. The walk so far wasn't doing her any good, the sun that was once out was now hiding and the clear blue sky had become cloudy with drops of rain. She almost felt like if they sky what she was going through. "How silly" she thinks, the sky knowing what she was going through? No way in hell, no after making her get wet and cold. Rey doesn't get home but she makes it to a nearby Coffee Shop that was tiny and was in the middle of a Comic book store and a market store. The light green walls made the place more comforting, almost as if it was calling you and hoping you'd come in, which was exactly was she was going to do. She enters and instead of buying some coffee, she decides to sit in the chair next to the window. She makes sure not to get a chair with a cushion since she was all wet and they were never comfy anyways. She sees outside how everyone seemed to be with their families which was kind of oddly comforting since she never felt like she had one. Sure she had Poe and Finn but she always wanted a mom. "Do you want coffee or a towel?" it was a girls voice. She looked about Rey's age, maybe younger and she had a cute apron that had tiny buttons of flowers and dogs, which made Rey smile. "It's fine, I'm leaving in a bit" she tells her and the girls nods, going back to the "Employees only" room. Rey looks down at her phone, at the miss calls she had. Most were from Kylo and Sebastian, which kind of bothered her. She felt like she was just a toy that they both wanted and she didn't feel like returning the calls. Instead, she calls Poe Dameron, someone who always seemed to have a good attitude and never failed to make her smile. "Rey! Whats cracking?" she hears his familiar dad comments and now she wonders why she's friend with him. "Poe Dameron, the one who was a father who made horrible jokes in his past life, are you busy?" "Actually..........." there's a long pause that keeps Rey on the edge till he lets out a laugh and Rey groans "No I'm not, I was just thinking if I should stop watching Orange Is The New Black for you or make up a fake lie of how I'm clearly busy cleaning the house" "Park in five?" "foshure" Notes: Yes this is like soooo short but please understand that I was literally taking finals for the past month and now I'm graduating which i'M FREAKING OUT ABOUT and like I had forgotten about this but I'll try to write more after graduation (Thursday!!) Also I'm so scare to fall in front of everyone so wish me good luck so I don't look dumb thank you! - june 19 I updated again and added a tiny bit more so be sure to check it out!! Chapter 16 : Monodrama Summary: All things must come to an end. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "So what is this meeting about?" was the first thing Poe said when he saw her sitting on a bench by herself. Poe knew something was up, he knew when he saw Finn risk their relationship to help Rey which he had never done in his life and he was kind of proud him. He wouldn't admit it though. "Life is weird you know? One day you're happy and you think that it won't change but life just hits you and suddenly you realize that reality is different" "Well I never thought of you as a poetic but I understand what you mean" Poe threw a joke in, hoping to get her to at least smile. "When I was growing up, coming out was one of the scariest things for me. I would think about how maybe my family would accept me and how we would all be happy but that wasn't the case at all. My parents still hate me, Rey, they won't even respond back to my letters but I still managed to move on because it's my life, not theirs. Anyways this situation isn't about me, though, what I'm trying to tell you is that things don't always go as you imagine and you have to work with it" Poe hears the same faint sound that he heard very clearly when he had arrived and he realizes it's Rey crying again. "No don't cry! That was supposed to make you feel better!" Poe immediately reaches for Rey and hugs her tightly, hoping this would at least calm her down. "I'm sorry Poe" Rey mumbles on his jacket, tears still coming out of her eyes. "You are a wonderful strong person who deserves the world. Always remember that me and Finn will always be here for you" her tears have now dried up and she grins like a little kid on Christmas. "Oh stop it you, this is about you! I'm fine, I promise" he tells her and for the first time, he truly meant it. He no longer cared what his parents thought about him, he didn't have to write those letters anymore because he didn't want their acceptance and the only acceptance he need was from himself. "You know what maybe that's just what I need, space." Poe only nods, this was something he was on board with and he's hoping so are the guys. "I' hate this a lot. I was never this type of person and now I feel horrible" Rey confesses and looks down to both of her hands, at her nails hoping they would distract her from what she was feeling. - When Rey arrives at Kylo's class, she sees him with his head against the desk, most of his hair covering his face. He kind of looked silly, in a cute way and she wishes she could hug him. "Hey" she whispers and Kylo's head snaps up and for the first time, Rey sees how of a mess he was. "We need to talk" "What's there to talk about? I know you want him instead of me" He laughs bitterly and Rey stares at him, this wasn't the Kylo she felt for. "Um no actually, I don't want him and I don't want you either" It was a huge lie, she missed him and she wishes he could back to the person who he once was, the person she fell in love with. Her heart ached for him, she wanted to tell him everything but she knew that if she did it like this, it wouldn't hurt her any more than it did. "You seriously can't be doing this right? Rey, I love you and I'll admit it I've been a mess this past week but it wasn't because I was trying to hurt you, it was because I've never felt something so strong for someone and I was trying to understand it!" "I'm sorry, I also need time for myself Kylo. I came to College to study what I've been wanting to do and now that I'm here, I've honestly learned nothing except how your back looks" she admits, it was always obvious how much she stared at him and she wonders how no one ever realized. "I'm sorry" she whispers again, grabbing his face softly and pressing her lips on him. He didn't move and instead accepted it because he knew that Rey's career was far more important but he loved her and it hurted so bad. His heart beated loudly and his chest hurted because the best thing that had happened to him was now leaving him. Notes: Who's almost two months late? this girl! So many things has happened, I've graduated (but did not attend to it due to anxiety yikes but I do suggest that some of you go to your own, I bet it's an amazing feeling and sometimes I regret it) I took this two month hiatus because one I was taking a month as a break and was going to return but then I flew back to my old country because a family member had died and well yeah. I apologize though and I promise I'll try to write more, I truly do! Anyways who's excited for rogue one!? !! Chapter 17 : Oddest Breakup? Summary: Oddest of them all! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) This was the oddest breakup she's ever had and while she was the one who had broken things off, her heart dueled with so much pain that the only way she could release it was at night when everyone was sleeping and she could cry as much as she wanted. Rey knew she was a mess, she felt it in her skins and bones and it ate her alive. How could she miss someone so much yet be the one who ended things in the first place? Rey hated to admit it but she was deeply in love with Kylo and had never realized till the end. Some nights she could actually sleep, well if having nightmares and waking up at 3 o clock in the morning sounds like being able to sleep then yeah I guess it could count as sleep but truthfully she wasn't sleeping at all. The nights were the worse and most of the time she cried because she missed him and other times she cried because when did it all get so hard? One day she was eating pizza with him and the next she had two guys fighting for her as if she was special. She tells herself a bunch of time she's not special and that it was ridiculous how they threw a show on school grounds over her, the nonspecial girl who cries at night over her professor. She hears the too well sound coming from her phone and she immediately shuts it down, why did she still have an alarm? She barely gets any sleep nowadays and all the alarm does is remind her to stop crying because well.........birds are singing outside and people are getting up to actually do something with their life while she's at home in bed, doing nothing. Well, she couldn't really call it nothing, she had also found a job but if a job is to wait for clients to arrive and then do absolutely nothing then maybe she was doing something with her life after all. A knock on her door immediately blocks away her train of thoughts and the thoughts of him and she's pulled back to reality, to the sound of Finn asking her if she was alright, like he had been doing for the past four months. "I'm fine" she whispers but loud enough for Finn to hear. "Alright well I'm going to out and remind me later to pick you up later from work" Rey doesn't respond and Finn walks away not trying to bother to get a respond back since he hadn't gotten one from her in months. - It doesn't take long before Rey arrives at her job and like always, it was empty. Rey didn't mind it, though, it gave her time to do anything really like watch something on Netflix or even read one of the books she brought from the library. Rey never thought she would see the day where she actually loved her job and wasn't bother by it, in fact, she liked working here, it always cleared her mind up. The place was a tiny smoothie store located in the city, which she was first petrified of since tons of people and tourist always went there but it didn't take long for her to realize that those thoughts were almost a myth. Sure a lot of people came on lunch time and sometimes there would be a long line outside waiting but after 2pm hit, it was like a desert. Sometimes even Finn would appear and bring her lunch or even come with Poe just to tease her but other time it was just a couple of people in their computers to either write or watch a movie. "Rey, what book are you reading nowadays?" She hears her coworker voice as behind her and her hands go straight to her bookbag. "This one" there's a smile on her face when she hands her the book, she loved being able to talk to about this kinds of stuff. "I read this on my freshman year! It's a really good book but I cried for days" Amber sighs, taking a seat on one of the crates that were next to Rey. "I might have even cried in school grounds too, it was really embarrassing" Rey lets out a loud laugh and for the first time, there's a sincere smile on her face and she's almost thankful to Amber for it. "Alright enough, enough. So I'm a bit of a cry baby but who wouldn't cry you know? This book makes you love the character only to find out that you know, everything goes downhill for them and they don't deserve that" she lets out a small groan, almost like she's mad that this was happening to a character. "No one deserves that" Amber voice is low but it's loud and clear to Rey, almost like if she was talking to her. The loud entrance bell makes Rey almost run away from the employees only room, was she being too obvious that maybe Amber knew she was going through something? She couldn't, could she? Amber can easily pick up things but hopefully, this wasn't one of them. Her throat feels dry and there's something that's bothering her but the water she drank couldn't help it, she was definitely feeling the tears forming in her eyes. Rey doesn't bother to worry about it, she had to get to the cash register or else the customer would get angry like they always did when Rey was on a break. She rubs her eyes immediately and cleans the tears away with her apron, not wanting to look like a mess in front of others or worse, in front of her boss. "Is there anyone here?" She hears a deep voice and god she'd be lying if she didn't say that her heart broke into tons of pieces. Her steps seem to slow down and she was now frozen, in front of the door. Could it be him? It couldn't! She knew he would never come to the city unless it was for meetings but even so, it couldn't be him. She steps a bit forwards and slowly opens the door and tries to peek with one eye. This was obvious and she knew it, any customer could see her but still just to prove that she was indeed wrong, that it couldn't be him whatsoever. "Is anyone here or is this truly the loneliest smoothie place on earth? All I really want is something to drink" she hears them mumble and this time she takes a good look at them through to the door only to realize that it was in fact who she was in denial about. "Hey you! Do you work here? Stop hiding!" she hears his voice and she immediately lets go of the door out of her shakiness, running back to the employees only zone. "Excuse me!" she hears his voice again and she couldn't believe it was, in fact, the person she had been trying to see for so long and missed but now he was in front of her, in the flesh and now Rey was hiding from Professor Ren. Notes: I wrote this chapter while hearing I Need U by BTS, I'd be lying if I didn't say that I thought of Reylo when hearing it. Mostly the lyrics because when I was writing the part of how Rey felt, It's almost like how the lyrics are but yeah this song was a big impact when I was writing this chapter :) Notes: If you did enjoy it, please kudos or comments and if you didn't well, you won't ever seen kylo ren shirtless so leave kudos asap (kidding I hope we all do see one day kylo ren shredded self)