First Offerings The rhythmic scritch scratch of a pen over paper was the only sound in the room. A heavy, almost oppressive feeling to the air in the enclosed space that would have made those of lesser constitution quaver coiled about like an intangible fog. However, the red haired and fair complexioned man in the grim trappings of the First Order gave no outward indication that he was not in fact the only occupant of his office while he did paper work. The source of the barely leashed animosity came from the figure standing in front of the duly gleaming grey metal desk. Tall and looming, his posture stiff enough that he could have been carved of stone, and cloaked all in black like some servant of death itself stood Kylo Ren. The imposing and inhuman mask showed none of the emotions that were currently swirling around in the force with the same ferocity of a blood frenzied pack of rathtar. Anyone with a sense of self-preservation that was sensitive to the mysterious powers that held the galaxy together knew that it was best to be as far as possible from the Knight of Ren when he was in such a state. However, Emperor Hux was far too used to the temper tantrums that his body guard unleashed on a regular basis to even acknowledge the other man’s fury at the moment. He had more important things to do than sit through one of Kylo’s rants. Long minutes dragged by, the storm of emotions rising higher and higher as the two let their battle of wills play out. Finally, Ren broke the silence between them. “I need you to let me offship. I have things I need to attend to down on that planet.” The Sith’s voice was at odds with the roiling passions that were waiting to break free of his iron tight control. Distorted as his vocals were by his mask the demand came out with a menacing and hostile tinge; though he had tried to phrase it as politely as he could manage. Hux didn’t even look up from his paperwork as he rejected the man’s poorly worded ‘request’. “No. Supreme Leader Snoke instructed you to follow my lead on this mission and your extended assignment to me. I’ve decided you’ll stay here where we can keep an eye on you.” Two hands gloved in inky black duraplast armor slammed down on the surface of the desk with enough force to shift his stack of papers a little to the left. Hux did not flinch, nor did he deign to look up at the now hunched form of Ren as he tried to appear even more menacing. The voice that rasped out from behind the mask sounded as though the Sith was grinding his teeth together. “I need to do this Hux! That miserable planet holds a clue as to the whereabouts of Skywalker.” The emperor’s voice was cool and restrained in the face of Ren’s emotion. He neatly stacked the last of his nearly endless pile of papers to one side of his desk and placed the pen in its holder. His volume never rose as he smoothed his hands out on the cool surface of the metal under his palms. “I won’t repeat myself.” Straightening, Kylo clenched his fists down at his sides until the dark leather of his gloves creaked in protest. Then, all at once the atmosphere in the room shifted. The storm of emotion was just as intense, but it flowed differently than before. The anger channeled into another outlet, transformed into something less destructive. The voice that filtered through the mask came out almost hesitant, a tone that was unusual enough for Kylo Ren that it caught Hux’s attention. It finally made him look up from his desk and into the gleaming black covering that obscured Ren’s face. “….What if I gave you something. A…trade.” “I’m calling security.” “Wait.” Without really knowing why, the red haired man did not complete the motion that he had started that would signal a set of storm troopers to come and escort the bothersome knight away. The hydraulic hiss and low click that resounded through the waiting silence was almost obscenely loud. Hux stared as long slender shadow covered fingers reached up and undid the latches that held the mask in place, pale skin a teasing flash as the Sith hooked his digits into the metal and lifted the heavy contraption off his head. “What if… I did something for you.” Ren’s face was flushed pink about the ears and his high cheekbones as he let the hand holding his mask drop to his side. His voice was low and quiet, almost as if he was nervous about whatever he was contemplating that he thought would tempt the Emperor into giving him what he wanted. It was a rare enough occurrence for the other man to see Ren’s face that it always brought a sense of surprise, matching the youthful features to the monster Snoke leant him. If Hux was feeling particularly honest with himself he would admit to feeling lust at the sight of lush lips and liquid dark eyes, along with half buried fantasies about a voice worn hoarse from shouting and sweat slicked skin covered in marks put there by his hand. Then the knight did something that made it very clear what he was offering in exchange for leave off the ship. It struck Hux momentarily speechless as he processed what his eyes were telling him. The knight kneeled, a dull thud indicating that he had set the concealing construction of metal to one side on the floor. The top of his inky head was visible for a brief moment over the top of the desk before there was a rustle of cloth and then a slow growing heat on the outside of Hux’s left knee. Staring down into the space between his body and the edge of his desk, the ginger haired man barely held enough composure not to gape at Ren as his black clad hand slid along the curve of the other mans clothed limb in what he could only call a caress. The appendage came to a stop at the apex where his hip met his leg and settled there almost like an anchor as the Sith busied himself in settling on his knees in the empty space between his emperor’s thighs. “You’re embarrassing yourself.” It was the first thing his startled mind could come up with in response to the situation. As if of its own accord, Hux found one of his hands drifting down to where Kylo’s pink stained cheek was nearly pressing to the inner portion of his thigh. His fingers brushed against the swell of flesh, feeling the heat of pooling blood and reveling in the silky slide of the others hair over his glove. His palm slipped higher, dark curls parting under his touch as he cradled the side of Ren’s head in what could almost be called gentleness. The Sith wouldn’t meet his eyes when he spoke. “You haven’t said “no” yet.” A heady stab of arousal flooded the older man as he felt the heat from Ren’s breath wash over the front of his pants. The sensation was quickly followed up by an even more tempting advance in the form of long fingers and a wide palm cupping over the length trapped in its cloth prison. Peering down at the form of the best known and most hated Knight of Ren kneeling between his legs, Hux felt a smirk begin to pull at his lips. “I suppose I haven’t. How much time off ship do you think that this….offer of yours is worth then? After all, I have no guarantee that your skills will be compensation enough for disobeying our Supreme Leader.” Kylo’s fingers tightened on Hux’s hip almost convulsively at the jab. It was true, that he had no firsthand experience in such things, but he had heard, read and gleaned much information from the minds of those he had interrogated. He knew the mechanics, even had ghost memories. He could make it worth his handler’s time if he gave him a chance. Still, it wouldn’t be wise to ask for too much or too little. “Two days.” It was a day longer than he thought he would need, but not so much as to create gossip about his extended absence when there had been no official word from Snoke. The ginger haired man considered the proposed time period seriously for a good minute just to watch Ren squirm, his fingers carding through the others wavy hair almost lazily. Kylo had to fight the urge to push his head further into Hu’x touch like a deprived child seeking a sweet. He was unused to soft contact; such gestures that were not aimed to hurt were very rare in his life. “You leave today and you will be back on this ship by sundown tomorrow or you don’t go at all.” At the agreement to his ‘trade’ Ren felt his face flush an even deeper shade of crimson. He shifted on his knee’s to alleviate the growing pressure in his groin that had been pricking at him since he had ducked under the desk; the fingers settled on Hux’s own growing excitement beginning a light petting motion. He wasn’t going to fight the terms, not when the older man could easily rescind the agreement if Ren complained. “Agreed.” The fingers’ delving into his locks tightened almost imperceptibly as the deal was struck. A very light blush had made its way onto the emperor’s cheeks, but otherwise he showed no sign of his flustered and rather keyed up nerves. “Well then, I suppose you had best get started. Time is wasting after all.” Swallowing thickly, Ren turned his attention to the job rather literally at hand. He began to apply more pressure to his somewhat hesitant stroking. His face flamed ever hotter as he felt the flesh hidden away by layers of weaved fibers twitch and begin swelling under the attentions. Growing bolder, the tip of his tongue darted out to wet his lips and the Sith leaned in, his sharp nose edging into the space left between his fingers. Not bothering to be subtle Ren inhaled Hux’s scent and moved his hand so he could press and open mouthed kiss to the now strained tent in the emperor’s trousers. A soft inhale from above him only spurred the kneeling man on. Slowly, almost coaxingly he sent a trail of such kisses over the defined length, wetting the fabric under his lips. Hux’s fingers slid to the top of Ren’s head as a handle then, his blown pupils taking in every moment of the bizarre and wonderful act that was being performed by a man he usually wished would have an unfortunate accident with an open air lock. Just as he was growing impatient with the lack of forward momentum, Ren’s fingers darted up to undo the clasp of his belt and the button of his pants. With a long slow deliberate motion the zipper was tugged down, and Hux grunted quietly at the relief that it brought. Smooth leather encircled his cock as Kylo reached into the confines of the opened pants and tugged the eager length free, giving the velvety flesh a swift but thorough inspection as he held it in slightly trembling fingers. He was relieved that Hux’s pride was neither too large to present a serious hazard should he attempt to swallow him, nor too small to be a disappointing mouthful. Leaning forward before the older man could tug at his hair to hurry him along, Ren wet his lips a second time and darted just the tip of his tongue out to taste the flushed skin in front of his face. When all he encountered was a clean undertone and the normal musky sort of tang that he knew to expect the Sith relaxed some and swiped a long stripe right up the middle. A catch in Hux’s breath was all the encouragement Kylo needed. Shifting up a little higher on his knees, the Sith began lapping almost hungrily at the engorged shaft, wetting each bit of skin methodically with the flat of his tongue. When he reached the flushed head a small bead of liquid caught on his upper lip and he had to lick it away before continuing. The salty taste wasn’t the most pleasant thing he had ever tasted, but it wasn’t anything to complain about either. Angling the cock in his hand down just a little so he could reach more of it, Ren heard a breathless chuckle. Glancing up, his dark eyes met the nearly black ones of Hux as he stared at the entrancing sight currently crouched between his thighs. Deliberately, Ren parted his lips wide and took the silken head into his mouth, letting the heat and wet suction applied an instant later do all the back sassing that he couldn’t vocally. A needy snarl escaped the ginger haired man, the fingers twined in dark hair twisting at the spike of pleasure. If he hadn’t known any better Hux would have thought that Ren had done this before. He knew that he hadn’t however, and couldn’t help but needle the pain in the ass just a little. “Look at you….the mighty Knight of Ren on his knee’s like a two copper whore. I always knew those lips of yours had more skill then you were letting on.” Though the fingers still grasping the grey fabric bunched at Hux’s hip in humiliation, Kylo felt himself growing more aroused. The emperor’s voice had always sparked his passions, but in this context it only served to flame the embers of his desire into a raging inferno. In retaliation the Sith sunk down three inches onto the shaft he held steady now in his fingers, hollowing his cheeks and liberally applying his tongue to the underside. The choked gasp that it drug from the depths of the usually stoic man’s chest brought a sense of vindication to Kylo and he began to bob his head. Slowly, so he didn’t over reach and choke himself, Ren allowed one finger at a time to slip away from its place so he could sink farther down. Soon his nose was brushing the soft curly hair at the base of Hux’s length and he could feel the head of his cock pressing into the back of his throat. He kept his gag reflex and the need for air under tight control, swallowing carefully around the intrusion a few times just to hear the soft little moans the action drew from the older man. Then, he relaxed his mouth, barely keeping the seal of his lips around the thickness and peered up at Hux in clear invitation. “Want me to do some work now? Very well.” Guiding Ren’s head, Hux pulled and pushed a few times to get the Sith used to the feeling of his full size entering and exiting the warm cavern that was his mouth. Then he roughly snapped his hips up, delighting in the shocked gurgle the motion rewarded him with. Ren’s hands clutched to the front of his pants in a vice like grip as Hux began to use his mouth, the slick frankly filthy sounds filling the room as the emperor took his pleasure. His eyes closed tight, snatching breaths when he could, Kylo moaned as the hand in his hair tightened and his jaw began to ache dully. He could feel tears welling up under his lids as he tried to ply the slick cock with his tongue, his own trapped length throbbing mercilessly where it was still confined in his pants. Whining softly, the Sith shifted until his lower half was pressed up against Hux’s shin, his hips shuddering forward as a particularly deep stroke lodged the invading cock in this throat for a moment or so. He sucked avidly, his senses tuned to the man in front of him while he strove to reach the end game. He knew that it had to have been a while for the emperor, and it was a testament to his control that the older man had lasted this long. But there was a ragged quality to his breathing and a desperate edge to the thrusts the longer it went on, and Ren knew that their time was almost up. With an odd pang, the knight realized he didn’t want it to be over, that he was enjoying himself. He had expected to simply endure the experience but now, he knew that he would be offering such a ‘trade’ in the future. Hux’s voice jolted the Sith out of his contemplations and with a jerk, Ren’s eyes snapped open and locked with the intense gaze of his handler. “You’re going to swallow it all Kylo Ren. When I’m done you’re going to finish yourself off right where you are and clean up the mess you make before you go. Don’t sully my clothes.” The only response he could give was a garbled moan and renewed suckling on the plunging cock each time it entered his mouth. A spasming twitch of Hux’s hips interrupted the rhythm he had built up and the emperor came a few moments later with a low extended hiss of pleasure, thrusting himself as deep as he could while he spilled in hot splashes down Ren’s throat. A few hasty bob’s of Kylo’s adam’s apple signified his attempt to contain the flow, his eyelid’s falling to half-mast as he memorized the taste that coated his tongue. When Hux pulled free a thin line of spit connected the sated tip of his cock to the swollen and tender lips of the knight for a few moments, the two staring at each other silently. His own need throbbing incessantly in the painfully tight confines of his pants prompted Ren to move. Gasping quietly, he rocked back on his heels and bit his sensitive lower lip, shaking fingers reaching down to release his length into the heated air. He wasted no time, wrapping his leather bound palm around his girth and frantically pumping. Soft whimpers and other little noises of pleasure escaped his mouth as his hips rocked into the motions, the hand that was still in his hair once more an almost soothing pressure against his skull. “Good boy…” Ren came with a strangled cry at the words of praise so rarely gifted to him, his back arching and head craning to expose the long line of his throat. He managed to keep most of it contained in his fist, but a few stripes managed to stain the floor and one even got on Hux’s perfectly polished shoe. Boneless now that he had achieved release, Ren slumped where he sat, surprised in a dim sort of way when the hand transferred to the back of his neck and urged him to lean against the trouser covered thigh of his handler while he recovered. After a few long minutes he felt able to move again, and he peeked up to where he could feel Hux’s considering gaze centered on his face. The soft stillness of that moment frightened Kylo more than the actual act they had just completed. He was unused to kindness, didn’t trust it. It made him uncomfortable. So he glared up at the other man, hoping that the flush hadn’t yet faded from his cheeks so that he wouldn’t have to explain anything, or worse be subjected to one of Hux’s knowing looks. “You made a mess. Clean it up. Then you can go.” Carelessly, the emperor tossed his knight a handkerchief from the pocket of his jacket that had slipped off his shoulders and become tangled about his waist sometime during the encounter. As he watched Ren huffily wipe away the mark of his pleasure from the floor, his shoe and the dark leather of his glove, Hux fought down the irrational urge to kiss the man and fixed his own slightly rumpled appearance. He was nearly back to normal by the time that Ren finished. Watching the snarly knight have to fix his own clothing and wriggle out from under the desk in a rather undignified manner brought a smile to the red head’s face, but he carefully blanked his expression when the Sith stood with his mask in hand. “Remember, sunset tomorrow. Good luck with your puzzle piece Ren. Dismissed” When the door slid closed with a nearly inaudible snick and he was alone once more, Hux allowed a self-satisfied smile to pull at his lips. The next few months of duty with Ren were going to be very interesting if this sort of bargaining continued. Humming softly under his breath, the emperor tugged at the collar of his shirt one last time to make sure he was fully presentable and gathered the paperwork. He was actually looking forward to the next time that Kylo Ren walked through his door, endless possibilities lining themselves up in his mind single file like a well-trained platoon of soldiers. Yes, the next few cycles were going to be very pleasing indeed. Chapter 2 : The promise of more Notes: New treats to be had and more on the way! Hux is learning to enjoy his knight's company. It was nearly a month before Hux found his knight at his doorstep again. In that time a myriad of events had happened, least of which involved a desert scraplet and the destruction of the super weapon that the emperor used to command. When Kylo Ren returned from that particular failure he had looked wane and ill, the vivid scar that bisected his face and the numerous hidden hurts he had received from Snoke’s punishment giving the man the look more of a reanimated corpse than a living being. A week of enforced bed rest had done the Sith good however and the ginger haired man was not surprised to feel the brooding presence outside his office in the late hours of the night not a day after he had been released. Glancing up, his pen barely pausing in the signing of his name to another document, Hux raised an eyebrow as the other man entered his office but remained silent. “Well, what do you need so badly that you’ve come to me for it.” There were no out of control emotions to cloud the air this time. Only an intense feeling of determination and the faintest tinges of lust. Ren did not leave his helmet on as long as he had the first evening, removing the covering with far less flair then the dramatic reveal he had indulged in before. “Training droids…and better sparing partners. I Must get stronger and the equipment available isn’t going to cut it.” Hux snorted on a silent laugh, ignoring the angry set to the Sith’s jaw that accompanied his reaction. His voice had an amused tint to it as he regarded the taller man, his pen twirling almost idly in his fingers. “Ah I see. You’ve wrecked all the others and need a special order. Very well, so long as your training doesn’t get in the way of your duties to me then I’ll see what I can have sent over for you.” Some of the tension leaked from Ren’s form at his emperor’s words. His cheeks flushed a fetching pink and his voice dropped in volume when he next spoke, an only slightly hesitant cant to the words. “And...the payment?” Hux didn’t bother to hide his smirk. Opening the bottom drawer of his desk the emperor reached in and brought out a package, placing the paper wrapped parcel before Ren silently. Wary but curious, the Sith brusquely ripped off the covering and immediately flushed crimson, staring down at the rectangular silk pillow in fascinated horror. It was a plump, comfortable looking thing, the fabric the deepest shiniest black he had ever seen. Edging the whole structure was an intricate lattice of blood red embroidery and on both sides squarely situated in the middle of the border was the word ‘mine’. “I figured you shouldn’t wear out your knees on my floor. Metal is ever so hard on joints after all.” Kylo wasn’t sure if he wanted to be furious, flattered at the veiled concern for his comfort or incredibly turned on. He settled for rotating through the three emotions as he ran a gloved finger down the length of the silk. “Didn’t know you cared Hux.” The ginger man shrugged and continued with his paper work, the rasp of his pen a constant low background noise as he let Ren explore his new gift. After a few short minutes he looked up with a raised eyebrow. “Are you just going to stare at it? Strip and get down here. I’ll attend to your payment when I’m done.” Kylo twitched at the command. He was unused to being naked around other people and had certainly never been so exposed around Hux. But if he wanted his new training equipment he needed to follow through with the agreement. Flushing hotly, the Sith went about undoing the multiple clasps, zippers and buttons that held his outfit together, dropping piece after piece to the floor before he could lose his nerve. A sharp reprimand stopped him just as he was moving to shimmy the pants off his hips and Ren looked up to see the stern gaze of his handler fixed on him. “Were you raised by a bantha? Fold your clothes neatly and put them on the desk.” Grumbling under his breath, he picked up the discarded items and folded them swiftly, adding his pants to the pile. That left the knight only in his underwear and he hesitated for the briefest of moments before he hooked his fingers into the fabric and tugged the article down his long legs. Hux was trying valiantly to look like he Wasn’t staring and resisting the urge to drool, but it was a lost cause. Dotted with scars, Kylo Ren’s body was toned and pale, strong muscles and a spattering of dark hair sending Hux’s libido through the roof. The blush on the others cheeks was a lovely sight as well, but all too soon the Sith grabbed his pillow and disappeared under the desk. Automatically shifting his legs to make room for the other man to sit between them, the emperor sent a swift glance down to make sure that Ren was getting himself situated before he returned to his paperwork with renewed vigor. The feeling of warm forearms pressing to the tops of his knee’s as the knight made himself comfortable to wait sent a heady rush through the ginger haired leader. He could feel Ren’s eyes boring into him as he worked, and knowing just what awaited him when he finished only made Hux increase his efforts. Kylo swiftly became bored; kneeling on his plush cushion with an unattended erection and the object of his desires less than a foot away. A mischievous gleam entered the dark eyes and he licked his lips, shifting his arms so that he could slip his hands over the top of Hux’s thighs. Moving closer, he began pressing kisses to the cloth covered flesh, his teeth making a few small appearances just to feel the muscle jump under the dull sting. When his ministrations did nothing more than make the emperor’s hand shake a little as his arousal tented the front of his trousers, Ren huffed under his breath and decided to increase his efforts. Hux nearly yelped in surprise when he felt the firm press of a hot tongue over the zipper of his pants. He sent a sharp look down at the other man, who smirked unrepentedly and proceeded to press sucking kisses over the bulge. Raising an eyebrow, Hux slid one of his hands down and threaded it into the Sith’s hair, his fingertips rubbing small circles into Ren’s scalp. The almost affectionate gesture made the knight more flustered than the lavish attentions he was dedicating to getting what he wanted and Kylo ducked his head slightly so his fringe fell into his eyes. “Are you really so impatient?” “Yes. The stupid paperwork can wait cant it. You can finish when I’m gone.” A snort of amusement escaped Hux at the sullen tone, but he reached down to undo his pants anyway and let Ren have his prize. With how eager the knight had been last time the emperor had suspected that there was a side to Ren that was just waiting to be set free, and now he was sure of it. Oh he would enjoy shaping the Sith in this manner, showing him new and less destructive ways to channel his passion into far more satisfying results. Less damage paperwork for him, and some relaxation for Ren. It was a win win scenario. Of course having a lustful and unfairly sexy Sith at his beck and call was an enormous plus for Hux as well. Though it had been nearly a month, the knights skills had only seemed to increase as he took the flushed cock in hand and immediately bent to his task. Sucking the length down into the hot expanse of his throat, Ren began to bob his head, letting his tongue drag over the soft skin each time he moved. A pleased growl rose in his chest as he heard Hux’s swift intake of breath, the Sith was determined to get more of a reaction out of the other man this time around. The vibrations jolted through his handler and left him gasping, the hand in his hair tightening its grip. Smirking to himself around his mouthful, trying to ignore just how hard he was as he worked at the flesh under his lips, Ren peeked up through his lashes at Hux to gauge his reactions to his newfound confidence. The twisted set of features and slightly glazed look to the others eyes sent a rush of satisfaction through the knight and he redoubled his efforts. Sucking heavily, humming low in his throat and keeping a vice like grip on the fabric under his palms, Kylo rode out a sharp buck of Hux’s hips without breaking stride. “…Fuck Ren...” The fact that he was reduced to expletives told Kylo all he needed to know about his emperor’s current state. The other man was close, heavy breathing and twitching cock testament to the fact. A few minutes later the man muffled his shout with the back of his free hand as Hux spilled himself in the warm cavern in several spurts, relaxing limply against the back of his chair as he watched his knight swallow his release. Kylo lapped at the slowly softening flesh to clean it, a smug expression settling over his face as the emperor weakly tucked himself away and fixed his clothing. Just as he was about to reach down to take care of his own need however, the hand in his hair gave a sharp tug. “No.” Looking up, outrage clouding his expression Ren was about to start yelling when Hux’s free hand patted his lap pointedly. Then it slid down and cupped his chin, smooth leather bound thumb stroking over the slick plushness of his lower lip for a few moments. “Up here. Bring your pillow.” Eyes widening, the Sith shifted forward to follow Hux as he slid his chair back, giving the taller man room to clamber out from under his desk. Grabbing the silk construct on his way up, the knight settled down, straddling the warm thighs under his ass as the emperor plucked his cushion from his fingers and settled it at the small of his back. Once he was satisfied that the edge of his desk wouldn’t cut into Ren’s skin Hux shifted his chair forward again so that the pillow wouldn’t fall. The knight was taller than his handler in this position, nervous hands finally settling on the strong shoulders in front of him when the man gave him an amused smile. Ren found himself self-conscious now that he was fully on display before the emperor, all his scars out in the open with nothing to cover them. Hux took his time examining his knight’s pale form, gloved hands settling on the others hips to ground him as he raked his eyes over the bare flesh vulnerable for his indulgence. “Beautiful…” The quiet whisper startled both men as it sunk into the heady silence, but Hux refused to explain himself or back track the statement even though it made his cheeks flame. Leaning forward, the emperor brushed his lips over the delicate curve of a collar bone, tracing the path with his tongue a moment later as he worked his way up. When he reached the juncture where neck met shoulder he sunk his teeth into the milky skin, delighting in the shocked cry it brought. Soothing the sting with gentle kisses, Hux sucked at the mouthful of flesh he had chosen to create a livid bruise. It wasn’t high enough to be exposed in day to day work, and he wanted to see his marks decorating the Sith’s skin. His hands weren’t idle either, mapping the expanse of Ren’s ribs and hips. Remembering his gloves Hux yanked first one then the other off and placed them on top of the knights clothes, letting himself luxuriate in the heady feeling of heated skin under his palms. His fingers trailed over scars one by one as he explored the body at his mercy until he reached the pink buds of Ren’s nipples. Smirking as he moved to place a second bite on the opposite side of the Sith’s throat, Hux plucked at the peaks and rolled them until they were pebbled under his touch. Little half smothered cries were escaping Kylo’s mouth at the attentions. He wasn’t sure what Hux was playing at, but he was too far gone in his need for release to really care. When that tormenting mouth drifted down and captured one of his tender nipples the knight gave a sharp cry and his back arched, pressing his chest more fully into Hux’s touch. Trembling slightly, Ren whimpered as he felt calloused palms cup the soft insides of his thighs. He desperately wanted to bring himself relief, but fisted his hands in the others coat instead. He didn’t want to be left to fend for himself as a punishment for disobeying. “W...would you get on with whatever you’re doing already?” Hux raised an eyebrow, his expression unimpressed as he switched to the other side of Ren’s chest to lavish the same ministrations. He lightly flicked the sensitized nipple he had just abandoned as a reprimand and smirked at the twitch it got him. “Am I not moving swift enough for you Ren? Is there some place in particular you want me to play with?” The Sith writhed on his lap, face creased in hungry lines as he stared defiantly down at the ginger haired man. Biting his lip Ren nodded jerkily, his hips canting up in silent demand. “I want to hear you say it.” Hux hovered his hand over the straining cock of his knight teasingly, letting him feel the heat but nothing more. For several long seconds Ren resisted, and then finally gave in. “Fine! Shit…I..I want to cum. Make me cum please…” The use of the plea jolted the emperor and a low growl escaped his throat as he wrapped his hand around Ren’s aching cock. Roughly he began pumping, the friction causing the Sith to buck up into the attentions. Grasping a handful of hair at the back of his knight’s head, Hux dragged Kylo down and into a biting kiss. Sloppily he pressed their mouths together, smirking as the other man opened for him without the least bit of resistance. Hux plundered the territory, licking his way inside and leaving the both of them gasping for air from the intensity of it. “Are you cleaned?” It took a minute for Ren to understand what the other man meant. Shaking his head slightly, he swallowed down his ever increasingly loud moans and dared to slide his own hands into the red, perfectly styled hair that had been tempting him for so long. Hux tsked slightly and shrugged, thinking about the bottle he had stashed in his drawer. “Next time you come to see me I expect you to be. Understood?” Kylo nodded, scrabbling for purchase when Hux twisted his wrist as he moved over the head of his cock. He was so close he could almost taste it, dark eyes meeting equally hazy hazel. As one the two leaned forward and caught themselves in another kiss, Hux swallowing Ren’s cries of pleasure as he finally came. Holding the other steady as his body was wracked with aftershocks, the emperor languidly continued both stroking the spent flesh in his palm and exploring the slack cavern under his lips until he could feel Ren trying to twist away and a whimper escaped. Smiling, he released his grip and lifted his spattered hand to the Sith’s face, satisfaction heavy in his expression. “Clean up your mess.” Flushing heavily, Kylo lapped at the sticky cum with little kitten licks, clearing the emperors hand of the substance efficiently. When he was done the man dried his hand in another handkerchief and handed it over for Ren to use as well. “How many of these things do you even have.” “Enough to ensure I can pick up after you.” A shiver passed through the Sith, goosebumps settling over his skin now that the heat of the moment had passed. Chuckling lightly, Hux shifted back and took the pillow away from where it had been squished to the desk, gesturing to the knight’s clothes. “Get dressed Ren. I have paperwork to finish. You’ll have your droids and a few hired hands to help you train here in two days.” As the lanky man slid off his lap, Hux put the pillow back into its drawer and went about fixing his appearance. He could feel the conflicting emotions building up in the Sith’s mind as he pulled the dark clothes on, but it wasn’t his job to see to the man’s emotional wellbeing. If Ren couldn’t come to terms with his own choices then it was his problem to deal with. Picking up his pen to finish the now slightly scattered paperwork, Hux watched the retreating back of his knight with a sense of anticipation. He could admit to himself that he hoped their next encounter would be sooner than the last. “Do try not to kill anyone with your exercises; it would be a most troublesome event to handle. I will be less inclined to say yes to one of our agreements if that were to happen. Do you understand?” The stiffened posture was all he needed to see, but the curt ‘yes’ that followed was even better. Smiling faintly the emperor nodded and waved his hand idly at the others back. “Dismissed then.” Then Hux was alone once more in his office, with the thrum of pleasure still in his veins and potential future encounters dancing about in his head. It was certainly turning out to be a good year for him over all, the few little mishaps aside. Notes: Whelp there we are! Hope you liked it, if you did please leave a comment or kudo's! Next misadventure of Kylo and Hux will be coming as soon as I can crank it out. Until next time!