Hux is a scientist with a Kaiju fixation, Ren is a Jaeger pilot. They're a match made in heaven, except they're not. When Hux climbed up the stairs he saw Ren leaning on the railing of the framework that gave access to the upper parts of his Jaeger, looking down at the hustle and bustle of people working in the Shatterdome. Looking down at one person, to be exact. “Are you being subtle again?” Hux asked. Ren whirled around, startled. He had thought he was alone up here. “Well, I guess it's better than giving him the cow-eyes down there, where everyone else can see,” Hux added with a sad smile. “What the fuck are you talking about?” “Raleigh, of course.” Ren quickly strode over to where Hux was standing, gripped his shirt and pinned him against the railing. “I haven't the slightest idea what you're talking about, nerd.” He hit Hux. “Want to pick a fight, shithead?” “Stop that! I'd say it takes one to know one. No need to deny it and no need to hit me!” Hux glared at Ren. Ren glared right back. Then he let him go. “Fuck off.” Ren leaned onto the railing again. Hux, who never knew when to stop, or most likely didn't care, stepped beside him. “No need to be embarrassed, either. I know exactly how it feels.” Ren thought about it. “Who is it? Not Hermann?” “Very perceptive,” Hux answered with a mock salute. “Want another one?” Ren threatened. “Maybe. A head doesn't hurt as much as a heart.” Both men went silent, pondering about the truth of that. Ren's shoulders slumped. “Any witty plans to win Hermann's heart that I could rip off?” “Sadly, none. Well, none left that weren't a complete failure. So, I wouldn't really recommend them.” Ren looked over, almost smiling. Abruptly, he turned to walk away. “Wait, I just got an idea,” Hux grabbed him by the arm. “It's brilliant! Tell me, when do you want something the most?” “I don't know... When I can't have it?” “Yes! When you can't have it anymore, because someone else took it first. It's so simple: If we two would get together, you know, fake together to make them jealous, maybe then they will finally pique an interest. Sometimes you only realize you wanted someone, when somebody else took him and he's gone. The law of supply and demand. It's brilliant!” “No... It's nuts! And it won't work.” “And what do we have to lose if it doesn't work? Nothing!” “A reputation!” “Thanks a lot! You think I'm such a bad catch? Ask those Millions out there who have a thing for me. I'm practically a rock star, since I found a way to harvest the sun's power, giving our teams THE greatest weapon since the beginning of the Kaiju Wars. They should have made me General, at least!” “I doubt anyone should give you command over a bunch of poor sods; you would most likely waste their time with big deployments and angry speeches.” “I wouldn't”, Hux said unconvincingly, looking really sheepish, like that really had been high on his fantasy list. Ren looked doubtful. “I know you,“ he smirked. “Fine, forget it,“ Hux turned around to walk away. “Hey! Where do you think you're going?” “What? You do want to try it? What happened about it being nuts?” “Like you said. Got nothing to lose.” “Deal!” Hux shook Ren's hand. “You won't regret it.” Hux turned around to run down the stairs. “I'll be in the lab, working on our battle plan.” Ren shook his head. “I think I already regret it.” ***** “Here's the plan: Let's keep it simple. We go to the galley, get our trays and sit a bit apart from the others at an empty table. But not too far away, we want them to see us. We eat, we talk, we smile at each other and you laugh about my jokes.” “Not gonna happen. You could not tell a joke to save your life!” “Hux rolled his eyes. Then I'll just laugh about your jokes, comedian.” ***** No sooner said than done! The only problem was, it did work, but not in the way they had intended: Now everyone thinks they're friends, but no one thinks they have 'a thing'. In fact, so many random people started to congratulate Ren on finally gathering his courage and making a friend, he's puzzled. And not a little offended. ***** “We just have to up the ante. If we kiss, people will get it. They can't possibly be that daft, can they?” Hux asked doubtful. “What do you have in mind? A quick peck might be too little, but I'm not comfortable with giving people a show.” Ren looked a bit hesitant. “I'd like to keep the R-rated stuff private, you know.” Hux grinned from ear to ear. “I never would have guessed, with you being all buff and brazen.” “Shut it.” “Let's say tomorrow, we'll do the same again. Eat together, talk, smile, laugh. Check. But this time, when we turn to leave, we kiss. The gossip factory will work overtime. Our targets get jealous. Finally! And we'll ride off into our respective sunsets, happily ever after.” Ren stayed silent. He didn't know what even to say to that, but he couldn't refrain from rolling his eyes, either. “So, practice?“ “Practice what? Your engagement party with rainbows, unicorns and rivers made of cotton candy?” Hux looked hurt. “You know, if you could stop being a miserable git for a second and not make fun of other people's dreams, you might have a better chance at your own dreams coming true.” “Yadda, yadda, yadda... ” Now it was Hux's time to roll his eyes. “So, would you like to practice? Although at the moment I would much rather slap you than kiss you.” Ren smirked. “Save the kinky stuff for your scientist.” He closed the distance between them and grabbed Hux by the shirt, planting a harsh kiss on his mouth. At least, that must have been his plan. Instead their noses bumped together, rather painfully, and Hux almost lost his glasses. They glared at each other, rubbing their noses. “Truce?” sniffled Hux. Rather formally, they shook hands. Ren might even have muttered something like 'sorry', but it was too soft, and Hux did not want to ask, lest they'd end up having yet another fight. “Why don't we just pretend that we are kissing not each other, but Raleigh and Hermann?” Ren laughed. “I don't want to kiss Hermann.” “I wouldn't want you to, either. You know what I mean, one could really begin to think that you're stalling. I can't imagine you're that bad at kissing. That is when you're not trying to break my nose.” “Ha, bloody, ha.” “O. k. I'm sorry.” Slowly they stepped in front of each other. Hux raised his hand and put it onto Ren's cheek. Their faces drew nearer, finally their mouths met. They kissed slowly and carefully. Almost affectionately. Ren's left came up to stroke Hux's side, while his other hand twisted itself into Hux's long hair. A moan escaped Hux's lips, and Ren took that as a cue to deepen their kiss. When they had to stop to get some air, both looked mighty flustered. “Well...” Ren cleared his throat. “That should be convincing enough.” Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Best laid plans and everything. Finally, everyone in the Shatterdome got it: Kylo Ren and Hux were an item. Sadly, Raleigh took that a s a cue not only to wish Kylo the best of luck with his boyfriend, but also to confide in him that Mako and Raleigh were an item, too. They'd just been told that Mako was three months pregnant, and therefore a wedding was on the way. But Ren should, please, keep his mouth shut about it for now, because strictly speaking Raleigh hadn't been supposed to tell. When, finally, Raleigh turned to leave, Kylo's face hurt from all the fake smiling and congratulating Raleigh on Mako and the baby. When Raleigh was gone, Kylo closed his door and sank to his knees. He wanted to cry, but the tears would just not come. Instead, he got shitfaced drunk. ***** The next afternoon, Hux found Kylo in his room, nursing a major hangover. Hux stepped inside, seemingly oblivious to Kylo's state. “I really think Hermann's interest is piqued. This was a total success!” Hux suddenly stopped. “Is everything alright with you, you don't look so good?” “Must have caught a bug somewhere.” “Oh, o. k. then. What about Raleigh, already any signs he's interested?” Kylo just couldn't tell Hux what Raleigh had told him yesterday. For one, it still hurt too much, plus he didn't want to bring Hux down, when he was so obviously happy. Kylo felt strangely numb. He wasn't mad at Raleigh, or even Mako, or, god forbid, the baby. Very jealous, granted. But what could you do if the guy you were in love with was straight? Kylo was determined to man up and shoulder on, and the only way he knew how to do that was to remain silent. His heart was broken, but that way he could perhaps keep his pride intact. “Nothing so far.” Kylo gritted out. “Listen, just gimme the day off from playing your boyfriend, until I get this out of my system. Tomorrow, I'll be as right as rain.” Kylo tried to smile, and failed miserably. Lucky for him, Hux thought it was due to him being ill. “O. k., I'll leave you to it then. Do you need anything? Meds, tea, chicken broth?” “Thank you, Hux. I'm good.” Kylo said, far from it. ***** The next day, Kylo felt a bit better. The aftereffects of his bender had subsided. His heart still ached, and his head hurt badly. Yesterday evening a rage had overtook him and he had smashed everything in his vicinity to bits and pieces. When he was done, the tears finally had come, and Kylo lay in his bed clutching his pillow, crying uncontrollably for hours. He still couldn't bring himself to confide in Hux. Kylo guessed he would find out the truth by himself, sooner or later. Yesterday, after the tears had stopped running, he had decided, even if his love-life was a lost cause, he could at least help Hux get his man. Maybe it would take his mind of his own shitty life. ***** Kylo and Hux were playing boyfriend and boyfriend for a few days now, although there hadn't been more than a few kisses in public. But Hux told him that he had been unable to make heads or tails of his 'Hermann situation'. He didn't think Hermann was completely uninterested. At least he was being way nicer to him. Even yesterday, when some Kaiju entrails accidentally crossed the imaginary border in their lab, he hadn't even batted a lash. But Hermann didn't make a move that could be mistaken as romantic, even by nerd standards. And Hux wasn't so desperate to count the non-ranting as flirtatious. So he told Kylo that he had figured out another plan. Which was, in truth, only an upgrade of the old one: Make Hermann even more jealous, to the point where he just couldn't take it anymore. Then, fake a major fallout and split up. After that, Hermann would surely be there to help Hux 'lick his wounds', wouldn't he? “Romance ensues, bang, ride into the sunset.” Kylo smiled. Hux's humor was growing on him, in fact the whole man was growing on him. He liked to be with him, and he sure as hell like to kiss him. He didn't mind that part of the plan at all. Or upp-ing the ante with some heavy petting. On the contrary, he thought Hux was... Bloody hell, he liked the guy! Liked, as in: dine me, wine me, let me bang you into the mattress... ...but Hux wanted Hermann. History repeating, bad Karma, or just his luck? Notes: I drew Kylo in his Jaeger armour: http://marmormurmel.tumblr.com/post/139051961075/i-wrote-a-kylux-pacific-rim-crossover-you-can