You had hardly been in Kylo's quarters for ten seconds before he was pushing you up against the wall, kissing you with a hunger that left you gasping for breath. When he at last pulled away from your mouth, his lips immediately began kissing a path down your neck. "K-kylo...what..." you gasped, one hand buried in that beautiful inky hair as the other held onto his shoulder, for dear life it seemed. He pulled back to look up at you, his eyes blazing with desire. "I've been...thinking about you today," was all he said as he pulled you over to the bed. You had a feeling you knew what this was really about, and it was four words: Matt the Radar Technician. How Kylo imagined you wouldn't recognise him immediately in that ridiculous blond wig and glasses was beyond you, but you'd been having a lot of fun today with "Matt". Really, he shouldn't have set you up with questions about what Kylo was like in bed. It was far too tempting to tease him with uncomplimentary answers, just to watch his face twitch. You'd also begun to flirt casually with "Matt" - not enough to get him really angry, of course, but just enough that you had to hide your grin as you watched his face redden, half rage and half blush. Still, you probably shouldn't keep teasing him for too much longer... As Kylo pushed you back onto the bed, his lips again attaching to your neck and finding that one spot he knew drove you crazy, you had a sudden, wicked idea. A very wicked idea. Kylo began to undo the buttons on your shirt, one hand slipping inside and cupping your breast as he continued to kiss and nip at your neck, moving down towards your shoulder. "(y/n)...." he moaned into your neck as you bucked your hips against him, and you knew that this was it. The perfect moment. "Ohhh...Matt..." you sighed. The effect was instantaneous. He stilled completely, one hand half way under your bra and his mouth pulling away from your skin, though still hidden in the juncture between your shoulder and your neck. He said nothing for a few moments, but then you could practically hear the penny drop. "You knew the entire time, didn't you?" he said. Your laughter was uncontrollable, bursting out of you until tears were streaming down your face. "Of course...I...fucking...knew..." you managed to gasp out between fits of laughter. Kylo sat up, his face sullen with embarrassment, but this just made you laugh harder. "It's not funny!" He snapped at you, but you weren't worried - you knew him well enough by now to know the distinction between angry and really angry - and the line always seemed to be a little different for you. Even so, you forced yourself to subdue your laughter, sitting up so that you both sat on the edge of the bed. "Why did you do it, anyway?" You asked, as seriously as you were able to. "I don't know!" He huffed, refusing to look at you. "I just wanted to know what...what people thought and..." "You wanted to know what I really felt about you?" You said, and your voice had lost all its laughter now. Kylo shrugged noncommittally. It almost made sense now. You'd asked him, back when you'd first started...whatever this was, to promise you one thing - to never use the Force to read your mind. If he couldn't respect the privacy of your mind then there was never going to be anything between you, you'd explained. And, surprisingly, he had done as you'd asked. But perhaps you'd failed to take account of something - his self-doubt and insecurity. As invasive and awful as it was, you had to concede that for someone totally used to being able to extract the thoughts of anyone he wanted, to suddenly have to rely on someone's word alone - and especially someone you were intimate with - it must have been....difficult. "Kylo..." you said, taking his hand, which was crumpled in his lap. He looked at you then, and his eyes had lost the blaze of irritation. "Look, you know, you don't need to...check up on me or anything. I don't want you in my mind, but that doesn't mean I'm not being honest with you. I don't want you to know my every thought - the same, I'm sure, as you would never want me to know all of yours. But I promise you, Kylo, that I will never be fake with you. Nothing I ever do or say will be fake. Okay?" You thought it sounded like garbage; you were never particularly good in these sort of serious situations. However, though Kylo said nothing, and his face remained stoic, his eyes were even softer now. Clearly, something of what you'd tried to convey had gotten through. Regardless, you didn't think that something you had just described to yourself as a 'whatever this was' was quite ready for such serious conversations. Time to lighten the mood. "Anyway, you have to admit, it was at least a little funny..." you said, nudging his arm with your shoulder. Kylo shook his head, but there was a smile playing about his lips. "Oh no. You'll pay for that, (y/n)," he said. You grinned wickedly, "Oh, I certainly hope so!" Chapter 2 : Preparation Summary: Surprise! A sequel chapter in which you are joined by Kylo while you get ready for an Officer's dinner. Things get unexpectedly fluffy. Notes: No Matt, but I have a plan for a third chapter actually featuring Matt the Radar Technician as an actual 'on screen' character! I hope you enjoy but please feel free to pretend I never wrote a sequel my one-shot if it's terrible. This was actually written almost a month ago but I've had no internet since 15th March. It's been torture. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You huffed as you heard the knock on your door; you were half way through straightening your hair, and if you moved now you'd forget which section you were up to. You debated not answering, but the knocking came again - louder, more impatient. Reluctantly you put down the straighteners, walked over to the door and pressed for it to open. "Oh - Kylo! You're early?" you said in confusion, checking again the time on the screen next to your door. "You said 18:15," he said, his voice as stoic as it always was through the voice modulator. "No, I said-" before you could finish your sentence, you realised what had happened. "Shit! I'm sorry, I forgot to tell you. Hux moved the Officer's dinner to 19:30 because one of his meetings overran. I was meant to tell you but I just had so much to do and I forgot. Sorry!" you said. You hated talking to him with the mask on, it always made you nervous and over-apologetic. Kylo said nothing for a moment, and something in the tension of his shoulders told you he wasn't angry at you, but uncertain. "I...will return in an hour," he said, turning to leave. "No, no! Come in, you might as well keep me company for an hour, now you're here," you said, stepping aside so he could enter your quarters. Kylo hesitated, but eventually stepped across the threshold. You closed the door behind him and before you could even ask, he was removing his mask and placing it on your desk. You tried not to squirm as he looked you up and down; you were suddenly aware of how ridiculous you probably looked with half your hair still clipped on top of your head, wearing a pair of leggings and an old, stained top (an outfit you always wore when you were getting ready for an event - you'd dropped makeup onto fresh clothes too many times to make that mistake again). "Well, sit down, I won't be too long, I promise," you said, turning away and sitting back at your dressing table. Neither of you spoke for a while: you continued to straighten your hair, and Kylo (who you could just about see from the reflection in your mirror) sat on your bed, looking around your room with mild interest. He hadn't been inside your room more than once or twice, usually asking you to join him in his quarters instead. "What music is this?" he asked, suddenly breaking the silence. You'd almost forgotten you had the music on at all; it was on a very low volume, and you'd been understandably distracted with Kylo's presence. "It's from my home planet," you said, "it's not a language I know, but it's traditional to that country's culture. I've always found the style and the instruments they play make me feel....warm...soothed. Like sitting next to a crackling fire." You tried not to blush; it was some of your favourite music, you couldn't help but wax a little poetic about it. "It's...interesting. I've never heard anything quite like it; nothing like this existed on my planet of birth, as far as I know," He said this as if he'd just made a remark about the weather, but you were in shock. He never spoke about his past, even something as simple as this. Perhaps you should ask him something, while he was seemingly off-guard? Who knew when you'd get another opportunity like this? You could- "OUCH, SHIT!" You'd been so distracted looking at Kylo in your mirror, you'd begun straightening your fingers instead of your hair. "Are you okay?" said Kylo, getting up from the bed and walking over to you. "Yes I'm fine, it's just hard to do the back bits sometimes," you excused, putting down the straighteners to suck at your index finger (luckily, only mildly burnt). "Then let me," he said, surprising you for a second time in the span of five minutes. "I-- uh, okay, thanks," you stumbled, as Kylo picked the straighteners back up, coming to stand directly behind you. It was obvious that Kylo had never used a pair of straightening irons before; not that this surprised you at all. He held them slightly awkwardly, and accidentally pulled at your hair with them more than once. However, you were far too bemused at the entire situation to pay that any mind; Kylo Ren was straightening your hair. Kylo Ren, scary force-using commander on Starkiller Base, was straightening your hair. You tried, whenever possible, not to think about the definition of your relationship; it seemed so unlikely in the first place that you were worried that if you thought about it too hard it would pop right out of existence, merely a figment of your imagination the whole time. But this...there was no other word for it. From the moment Kylo had stepped into your quarters with you looking the messiest he'd ever seen you, to now, with his hands running through your hair as he examined his work, it was all so...domestic. There was something strangely intimate about this moment; you felt in some ways more bare to him now than when you were literally naked before him. He wasn't seeing you, the performance of you; this was you, the creation of the performance. Perhaps he felt it to; where else had that sudden mention of his 'planet of birth' come from? You felt vulnerable, suddenly, but not afraid; this didn't feel unnatural, it felt normal, it felt... "...good." "What?" you said, snapping out of your reverie. "I said your hair looks good," repeated Kylo. He'd placed the straighteners back on the dressing table, looking at you through the mirror. "Oh. Thank you," you said, standing up and finally facing him. "And thanks for the help," you said as you wrapped your arms around his neck, looking into his eyes. "You're welcome," he said, leaning down as you pushed yourself up so your lips could meet. It was barely more than a peck, yet it lasted for one too many beats; it seemed to have some hidden meaning, a secret neither of you were yet willing to tell. "You should get dressed, we only have 15 minutes until we need to leave," Kylo said as you both pulled away, "Unless that is what you are planning on wearing?" You laughed, turning and making your way towards the wardrobe. "No, I don't think Hux would think much of this outfit." "Perhaps not," agreed Kylo. Then, so quiet you doubted you were meant to hear it, "But I do." Notes: I honestly have no idea where this came from - I'm not even a cutesy person and yet I keep writing fluff. I did have a particular kind of music in mind with this, but I don't want to ruin whatever you imagined, I won't say what it was. Apologies for the weird psuedo-philosophical crap I come out with near the end with the 'performing' bit, it was probably late when I wrote it. Also - FRANKENSTINWENTMAD I haven't ignored what you said - next chapter! :D Notes: When did I become such Kylo Ren trash? And when did Matt the Radar Technician become part of that non-canon-but-almost trash pile? Questions I ask myself as my inbox fills with other people's fic alerts. Anyway, I hope that was? Entertaining? Or something?