Tme Passes Quickly My children grew before my eyes, and the first years of their lives quickly sped by. Before I knew it they were no longer babies but learning to walk, and talk, and form their own ideas. Dinah was the first of the three to walk or to speak. Her first word was “Gamma” because she couldn’t yet say Grandma. Her second word was “No”. She was the most headstrong of my children and the most temperamental. Even as a child she had thrown things down in frustration quite often. As she grew she quickly became the leader of the three children. Shmi was the second to do everything, following right behind her sister. Most of their childhood was Dinah running ahead while Shmi raced to keep up. Shmi`s first word was “Dinah” pronounced softly but near perfectly. She looked up to her sister for most of their early years and always copied her. She was the mellowest of my children and almost always did as she was told. Han was a delight. He was the kind of toddler with a sweet nature but a firm independence. He was always advanced for his age because of his determination to keep up with his sisters. Thankfully his first word was “Mama” accented with a grin and arms open for a hug. He resembled his father very much, save for my pale hair, and because of it he was my darling. Not to say I picked favorites, but Dinah and Shmi turned to one another from the time they were small. Han however came to me with his tears, and I was always ready to oblige him and kiss his boo boos. Before I knew it two years had become ten, and my children began to shape their futures. All three of them trained with me, their auntie Rey, and their grandmother in the Jedi arts. However, from there each of them laid out a different path. Dinah was the fighter of the three. She was the fiercest of my children and the most gifted with her lightsaber. By ten it was clear she was a prodigy. She wanted to fight against the First Order as directly as possible. It filled me with fear but there was little I could do to change her mind. Shmi took to following her grandmother to meeting and reading her papers. She was gifted with the force but her fighting abilities were lacking. Rather than being a warrior like her sister she wanted to fight the First Order on a political front. By ten her grandmother had offered to mentor her and she accompanied her on peaceful diplomatic missions. I was careful about allowing her out of my sight at first, but I could not hold her long. Luckily mother was as concerned as I was and would never take her anywhere where conflict was a possibility. Han took to the Jedi Arts quite quickly. He was a fairly skilled fighter and had a good handle on the force. He was well rounded in that way, unlike his very polar sisters. His skill was flying. He begged Poe to teach him, and after gaining my permission, he obliged him. My son took to the skies as if her were a bird. It was bittersweet to see him take up the mantle of pilot prodigy as his father had dreamed he would. He wanted to become a Jedi- “like my father” he had said, I almost choked- and try to help others. I had barely had time to blink before they were nearly grown. I only thanked the force I still looked good for my age at 32. Dinah at 16 had grown into quite a beauty. Her long golden curls accentuated her soft face and strong nose. Her attitude on life had changed little, she was all fight and no flight. She was done with her training now, a fully-fledged Jedi Knight. It took all of my will power to let her begin going on missions, pacified only because her sister accompanied her. She was still temperamental, I saw Anakin in her when she would shout and stomp her feet at me. Luckily he was as active in her life as he could be, at each of her visits to Naboo he warned against giving in to her temper. She looked up to him very much, thankfully as himself and not Vader, and it was because of him she would take deep breaths and control her rages. Still, it was she of my children I most feared falling into Snoke`s hands. Shmi grew more spirited as she became a young woman, by 16 she was fully able to voice her own feelings even if it meant opposing her sister. She was dark where Dinah was fair haired, but other than that they were identical. She still held hopes of becoming a politician someday but no longer pursued it so actively. When she became a Jedi Knight my younger daughter`s taste for adventure bloomed. She planned to live the life of a Jedi alongside her sister until she turned twenty and then return to politics. Han was the greatest pilot in the galaxy by 15. He also passed his tests and became a Jedi by 15. He was beginning to grow into the features of adulthood. I thanked the force that his father`s features gave way a bit and his looks began to resemble Anakin’s. His mannerisms were very much like his fathers, but similar features could endanger him. This irked Dinah, despite the fact that he was only a few months from 16. Being as brave as his sister and as wild spirited meant he was almost always in competition, leaving Shmi to keep the peace. He was a very gifted young man and in no time was going with his sisters on missions. It unsettled me to watch them grow so quickly. I had been their age once with the world before me too, so I did my best not to object to their growth. I saw more and more of their father in each of them day by day. Chapter 2 : A Capture Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Dinah: It wasn’t that big of a deal. The ship`s engine had blown and we were stranded on Geonosis. It would be fine though, really. At least when mom called in a panic at our lateness that’s what I was going to say. Han could fix the engine probably, so it was possible we could go home in hyperspace and still be back at the base by sundown. “Dinah” Han`s voice came from the bottom of the ship “Yes?” “It’s fucked. We`re stuck” He gave a grunt of annoyance but other than that seemed unfazed. “We`ll find a way out of here, it’ll be fine” there was Shmi, always trying to be optimistic “Face it, we`re stuck. There’s no fixing this situation.” “Leave her alone Dinah, it’s not her fault” Han took that scolding tone he did when he thought he was right “Actually it just so happens to be your fault” “Knock it off Dinah” Shmi gave an exasperated sigh “It doesn’t matter how we got here, we`re here and we`re stuck. So there.” “Guys!” Han yelled and I heard the faint sound of his saber turning on “we have company!” I ran down the ramp of the ship with Shmi at my side. The site we were greeted with was less than pleasing. There was a huge group of Stormtroopers. They opened fire on us on sight. Han took down several with quick movements, Shmi and I did likewise. Shmi: I had taken down two troopers when the barrel of a gun whacked into my stomach. I had the wind knocked out of me and dropped my weapon. Before I could recover an arm encircled my waist and a gun pressed to my head. “Drop your weapons” the trooper holding me called Han did so immediately. I tried to shake my head at Dinah, to tell her to fight. Instead she met my eyes for an instant before tossing down her own lightsaber. I swore at myself internally for getting us into this situation. The three of us were cuffed and led onto a ship with little ceremony. We were put into a back holding are intended for cargo and locked in. Han: I had suggested we call mom but no of course Dinah wouldn’t agree to that. So thanks to her illusions of grandeur we had been captured, rather than picked up in another ship and back at base by now. “What should we do?” Shmi spoke first, ready to accept the situation as usual Dinah looked like she was about to punch through a wall, or my head “Well when they open the door I’ll throw Han at them with the force and we`ll run” I rolled my eyes “Stop being an ass and help me think of an escape plan.” “I heard mom escaped a First Order base once.” Shmi was thankfully sensible enough to actually have an idea “So we need to lay low until we get to the base. From there we should be able to combine our force abilities to bust ourselves out.” Dinah and I had little choice but to agree with her, it wasn’t like we had any better ideas Notes: let me know what you guys thought about the way I wrote for the kids, and their characterization in general Chapter 3 : A Long Awaited Meeting Máiri: “What do you mean they haven’t come home yet?” I would have felt bad for yelling at the man who brought me the news were I not so worried “Well ma`am there ship has been tracked but their communicator links appear to be nonfunctional. There is no response. The ship is on Geonosis.” “I’m going to get them, ready my ship.” My head spun. They had been home late before but never this late. They had even broken down ships before and needed to be rescued from remote planets. Never before, not even once, had a transmission gone unanswered. As my ship went speeding towards Geonosis I sent another transmission, praying this one would be answered. “I’m coming to get you. Stay put, stay safe.” Ben: Snoke was thrilled to deliver me the news that three force users had been captured. As per usual I was to be sent to question them. I was told these three were fairly young, so hopefully they would cave to the offer of unlimited power on the dark side easily. I didn’t want to waste too much energy. I had been warned that the first girl had given the guards quite a fight when they restrained her. Stepping into the room she didn’t look too fearsome to me. From behind I could see she was of small build with long golden curls and fair skin. I doubted it would take much to crack her. “Get out.” She spoke with a harsh edge “I know you’re there” It surprised me that she could sense me so easily. It was a good surprise however; she would be a valuable asset. Stepping around to face her I put on my best intimidating stance. She needed to fear me so I could twist her. A young Jedi was unlikely to turn without fear and anger. The anger wasn’t hard to achieve; I could feel it radiating off of her. She lifted her head to stare straight into my mask. She was practically challenging me to strike her upside the face. Something about her face unnerved me. Instead of acting on my own frustration I knocked her out using the force. I would deal with her later. The second girl was of similarly small stature. Instead of radiating anger she appeared instead to feel nothing but terror. It should be easy to manipulate her. She had long dark hair and an equally unnerving face. Instead of glaring at me when I stood before her she refused to look at me as tears streamed down her cheeks. She was probably about the same age as my own daughter. I didn’t go easy on her because of that of course, I was stronger than that, it was merely out of fear of breaking a valuable asset. I decided to try and enter her mind and find her weaknesses. When I reached to her with the force I was met with a wall. She had formed some sort of shield around her emotions. I pushed harder, only to be met with her own usage of the force. Before I was prepared to react she was in my head. “You’re hiding something,” She spoke with an even clarity “You’ll never speak of it but sometimes you cry about it. It must be something awful, its hidden so deeply in your mind. I forced her from my mind with all my might and stormed from the room. Too valuable of an asset to risk damaging certainly but the urge to strike her tingled in my hand. The young man would hopefully be less difficult to deal with, I didn’t need another challenge. He was fair haired and defiant looking. He didn’t have any one emotion stronger than the others, just a normal mix of fear, nervousness, and anger. “So, what do we have here?” I hoped the sound made by my mask`s vocal box would intimidate him. He didn’t appear fazed, just raised a brow at me. I reached into his mind with the force, but this time was met with no resistance. I picked through his memories and he was powerless to stop me. Luckily he stopped fighting me quickly and I had no fear of destroying any parts of his memories with force. The General Organa embraced him with a smile That wasn’t shocking, three young Jedi were bound to be my mother’s pets. Racing through space at an unbelievable speed in a Starfighter, out-flying the pilots around him That was good. A good pilot would certainly be an asset. Máiri opened her arms to the two girls and hugged them against her The image broke my concentration. I removed myself from his head and left the room without a word. It was unmistakable when I saw them with her. The two of them were so alike, one fair haired one dark. They looked quite like their mother too. I had thought of them each day for the past sixteen years and yet here they were for the first time. They wouldn’t remember me or know who I was of course but still I reveled in the knowledge that I had seen my daughters at last. Chapter 4 : A Reunion Dinah: I ran the plan over in my head after I regained consciousness, hoping it would be successful. First Shmi would use the force to break herself out. Then she would come to me, thankfully she could always sense me easily, and free me. I would take down a few guards and we would take their blasters. From there the two of us would get Han. We would steal a ship and then Han would pilot it home. Foolproof. Hopefully. Luckily I hadn’t been awake long when Shmi slipped into the room. She put up her hand to motion for silence and then undid the restraints on my arms and legs. “Look what I got” she whispered, holding our sabers in her hands. “How?” “I took a detour” she smiled mischievously I clipped Han`s weapon to my belt and opted to carry my own. We could go right to him now that we had no need to get weapons from the Stormtroopers. Han: Dinah and Shmi came to get me quickly, thank the force. It took them only a moment to spring me and return my weapon to me. We were running down a hall towards the landing platform before I knew it. We took a wrong turn somewhere and ended up on a long thin bridge with no sign of how to reach the landing bay. Dinah grimaced but knew better than to start an argument in the current situation. Shmi crinkled her brows together as she tried to think of a solution. Suddenly her eyes lit up “Ben stay right here, I have an idea.” She nodded to Dinah who followed her up a ladder and to an overlooking platform. There was a computer panel up there and they tried to find a map on it. “Guys hurry, we need to leave” “Behind you!” Dinah yelled to me Turning I found Kylo Ren at the other end of the bridge. I heard Dinah start to move forward behind me “Move and he dies. I can collapse his lungs with the force” Kylo Ren raised a hand in warning and Dinah froze. He drew his saber. I did likewise, hoping desperately Shmi would be able to find a way out of this. He charged at me with a cry and a haphazard strike. He was off balance and I managed to block the strike and push him back. We went back and forth neither of gaining any footing. “Run! Dinah, Shmi run!” I didn’t think I could escape him but I was sure they could get to a ship now. They needed to get out while Kylo Ren was busy with me. He smacked my saber from my hands as I spoke, it fell below us. I would never be able to get it from there. He kicked my legs out from under me and I fell onto my back. I tried to protect my face with my hands as he swung down at me. Máiri: I was thankful I had been able to find the marks of First Order weaponry on their ship. If I hadn’t I might not have been able to find them. Landing on the Starkiller Base however I could feel them, I knew I had found them. They were only a floor above me. I ran as quickly as I could manage, fearing what would happen if I didn’t reach them in time. Then I felt a presence I hadn’t felt in years. They were in danger I knew it. I ran with a speed I didn’t know my legs possessed. I was taken by a vision as I ran Han`s hand fell away into a pit below him as he screamed out in agony It hadn’t happened yet, I had to hurry I had to stop it. I flew into the hall leading to the bridge at top speed. Han was on his knees hands up to cover his face. His father had his saber raise above his head, his back to me. “Han!” I screamed it, knowing I couldn’t reach them in time. The saber stopped in midair. Han`s eyes met mine brimming with adrenaline and terror. Ben: I had thought it was my own mothers voice calling at first. I was transported back to this same bridge, watching my father fall from it. A sick feeling settled in the pit of my stomach. It only lasted an instant, I knew that voice was not my mother`s. The boy looked at her in terror. “Mom!” he called to her I turned, my lightsaber hanging useless in my hand There she was. Her forehead was creased and her mouth had laugh lines, but other than that she hadn’t changed very much at all. I wanted to open my arms to her, to cradle her in them. How could I? When our daughters watched unknowing their origins. When her son was behind me. Her son. I couldn’t believe it. The thought of her having children with someone else, having been touched by someone else, made my hand shake with rage. “Ben” her voice softened a bit and her brows creased in that way of hers “let him go” It sickened me to hear her plead for her son. To know she held no fear for our daughters, she knew I wouldn’t harm them, but she begged for this boy. “On a condition.” I had to torment her just a little, I couldn’t hand over a child she named for my betrayal so easily. He was meant to be a stain on my name, I knew it. Ben Solo who killed Han Solo. Ben Solo who had crept from his wife in the night and never been a father to his daughters. Ben Solo who hadn’t fathered her other children. Ben Solo who she wouldn’t wait for as I would’ve for her. No she named this child for Han Solo who I had killed for my treason for my family ruining. That’s what I was to her. “Anything” she was pleading “Who is his father” Her mouth dropped into a small “O” “You” I swore I saw tears fill her eyes For a moment the passage of time stopped. Chapter 5 : A Parting Ben: I lost track of the world for a moment, but Máiri didn’t stop speaking or give me time to recover “He’s as much yours a Dinah and Shmi, he`s yours. You named him, you dreamed him up. He’s the best pilot alive, just like you said he would be. He has my hair and your eyes and Anakin`s jaw. He smirks like you and he laughs like you and his eyes crinkle at the corners when he smiles like yours do.” There were tears running down her face at this point and god I wanted to wipe them off My son was frozen with shock behind me. I could feel his confusion swirling in the air between us. I did the only thing that felt right in the moment, I took off my mask. “You can come down girls” Dinah and Shmi hesitantly obeyed and went to stand behind their mother. I looked at them closely for the first time in sixteen years, they were a wonder. They had a build more like my mother`s with Máiri`s coloring and my dark eyes. I turned to face my son. I didn’t know how I had blinded myself to our resemblance before, he was like me in many ways though also like Anakin and Máiri. I wanted to hold a hand out to him, to help him to his feet but I knew he would shy away from me. Instead I looked him in the eyes and spoke as gently as I could “Go to your mother” He didn’t hesitate to stand and run to her side. Máiri: It broke my heart to see his face again. As soon as my children were all standing with me Ben was suddenly the only thing I could focus on. He was exactly as I remembered his, save the lines on his brow. Everything inside me felt like I was twenty and on Naboo again. My feet urged me to run to him my arms ached to hold him. His eyes held mine with a soft sadness “I can’t just let you all go, Snoke will kill me” “Good” Dinah spoke with venom in her voice. I wasn’t shocked at her being the least accepting of him Shmi, who I hoped would speak in his defense said nothing. I was alone in my pity for him, in my worry for him. Even Han, the boy who was his father`s dream and should have been his greatest pride and joy, did not say anything. “I’ll stay.” A loud part of me demanded I sacrifice myself to make sure my children left safely, a softer part demanded I never let Ben leave my eyes again. “Mom” Shmi spoke now, her voice soft with fear I turned to face my children, my darlings. They were feeling a whole range of different emotions. Dinah, looking very much like her father as she did, scowled in her fury. Shmi had a wide eyed look of fear and apprehension. Han had his brows wrinkled as though he was making sense of some great puzzle. I needed to reassure them, I had to find a way to get them to go home to safety. I opened my arms for Dinah first, holding her tight to me. “Go speak to Anakin my darling, he will tell you everything. I haven’t the time right now but I can fill in the gaps next time I see you.” I kissed her on the forehead. She didn’t look pleased but she was pacified for the moment. Shmi stepped into my arms next, clinging to me. “Sweetheart, go with your sister to Naboo. Everything will be safe and calm there, everything will make sense in time” I kissed her forehead too, before she stepped over to join her twin. Han wasted no time flying into my arms. “My sweet boy, you need to fly straight to Naboo. Don’t stop, don’t look back, don’t send any transmissions. I’m sorry to tell you only I can tell you your own story, but I will as soon as I can” I kissed the top of his head and pushed him towards his sisters. “Now go, and don’t look back. I’ll see you very soon.” They did as they were told, the three of them walked hand in hand until they were out of my line of sight. I had to close my eyes and take a deep breath. I had promised them I’d see them soon yet I wasn’t sure I would ever see them again. I had decided I could live my life with them and not their father, and yet here I was with their father as they left. I turned to find Ben`s arms open to me. I was twenty again for that instant when I flung myself into them. I sobbed into his shoulder as the joy of seeing him and the sorrow of parting from our children filled my chest. For this moment I got to be in his arms, as I never thought I would be again. Chapter 6 : Reflections Dinah: The ship was easy enough to board. There were no guards in the landing bay and we escaped with ease. Han flew silently, his brows creased. Shmi stared into space deep in thought. It was clear nobody wanted to discuss what we had just witnessed. I was furious. How could she not have told us? We lived all our years believing our father to be dead. Yet here he was. He was an enemy no less! He had captured her and she had fallen willingly into his arms. Not even just once, no, over an extended period clearly. Worst of all she stayed with him now. She sent us running from him and ran to him. She was blind if she thought we hadn’t felt her energy swell when she stared at him. “I wonder what the story is?” Shmi`s thoughts were apparently milder “Yeah, I can’t wait to hear it. There must be a good reason.” Han was optimistic “I don’t care. She lied to us. To Grandma too clearly, being that we`re the children of traitors.” Han shot me a look “Don’t talk like that about mom, I’m sure there’s a good explanation for all of this.” Shmi went back to staring away, exiting the conversation. “Are you sure about that?” “She loves him” Han shot back at me “And that makes it better? That she fell in love with a mortal enemy?” I spat it back at him “You felt it, don’t lie. She felt ecstatic when they saw one another. There must be story.” I refused to respond. The rest of the trip passed in tense silence. I hoped Anakin would have good answers for me. Ben: She was exactly as I remembered her. She still fit in my arms like she was made to be in them. I still felt her heart beat wildly in her chest when I held her. She followed me quickly back to my rooms, that had briefly been ours. We lay together and talked long into the night. We had a lifetime of secrets and stories for one another. Well, I had few. She however had our children’s whole lives for me. “Dinah`s just like Anakin, really. She flares up at anything. She’s brave and she’s strong but she’s stubborn.” She spoke of her with a smile. “Is she learning to control her temper?” I was concerned about that; I didn’t want her to make my mistakes. “Of course. Anakin helped her with that, she looks up to him a lot. She’s like you that way.” “and Shmi?” “She’s milder, she always was. She wants to be a politician. She’s a lot like your mother but Anakin says she’s like his mother. She looks up to your mother.” “and our son?” I was still unsure of anything where he was concerned. “He was conceived that last night on Naboo, he was born on Tatoine.” I was thankfully she didn’t mention the part of the story where I left. Where I crept away in the night without so much as a farewell. Even the girls didn’t get a goodbye. I felt it in Dinah`s rage. Though she wouldn’t remember either way the way she lashed out against me felt like payback. “You named him after my father” “You asked me to. He`s just like you said he would be when you envisioned him. It’s like you dreamed him up.” Her smile took a tinge of sadness now. I knew she was thinking of the loss of or days on Naboo. “Did you remarry? Do you have any other children?” It sickened me to think of. I wouldn’t blame her though, a long time had passed. “Of course I didn’t remarry. I’m married to you” It was the first time our union had been spoken of aloud since we separated. She sighed “as for children, there will never be any more. Han was not easy and after him there couldn’t be” I held against me then, kissing her softly. It felt like returning home after centuries of wandering to kiss her lips again. Yet we quickly discovered we remembered. We still knew one another from top to bottom as well as we had sixteen years before. When I woke the next morning she was still sleeping. Her hair swirled around her, and her face was peaceful. It was just as she was the last time I had seen her on Naboo. I remembered that morning so clearly. The fear that if I woke her, touched her, or looked for a moment longer I wouldn’t leave. The knowledge that I would regret it as I stepped from the room. The piece of myself I had left with her. I reached out and ran a hand over her hair. I wasn’t going to make the same mistake, even if it meant tearing apart the world. I was determined never to lose her again. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the Loving the Enemy series