Rey didn’t really have bad days anymore. Not so much anyway. Leaving Jakku behind had felt like she could finally put that part of her life behind her and most of the time it was easy, but other days it wouldn’t be that simple. Sometimes she’d wake up and she’d know before she even had chance to open her eyes that the day was going to be a bad one. Other days she was fine until something happened, something tiny, and it threw her off completely. Today was the latter. Poe had been mindlessly flirting with her, as he did with everyone else, and she had been playing along for the most part. It was funny, it was light hearted, it made Poe who he was; she liked it and so did everyone else. She wasn’t sure what gave her butterflies though, perhaps it was the way that he looked slightly more serious than usual with what he said, or maybe the way that his hands had made their way to her waist as he had spoken. While Rey had never really experienced much physical contact before, especially nothing positive, she had learned to love the simple touch of someone else – the warmth of their skin on hers – but this felt different. Was he trying to make a move? The legend that was Poe Dameron could have anyone he wanted, she supposed this was just him playing a game to make someone watching on jealous. Besides, they were friends. What was a bit of touching between friends? It was only when she felt his hands wandering and squeezing her skin as his name was called that she panicked a little. He wandered off to respond to whoever had sought him out and Rey’s mind immediately shut everything else out. She hated the days when this happened. She hated it when everything was going so well and one small thing threw her off track. She hated it when she felt like she was getting better, that she was recovering from what had happened, and then something threw her back into the thick of it. Rey didn’t wait around for long as she usually did, excusing herself before Poe returned to go to her quarters and rest up. She made her way across the base hurriedly, barely sparing the General half a moment’s notice as she tried to get herself hidden away on her own. Rey knew she shouldn’t, she should find Finn and talk to him about it, she should have waited for Poe to return to confront him, but all she could think about was the incident. Jakku. God, every time she remembered she felt like she was going to throw up and she wanted to crawl out of her own skin. However much time passed, the memories always made her feel dirty in a way that no end of scrubbing could ever clean. She had considered talking about it once, but people would take pity on her and she didn’t want that. She was training to be a Jedi, she couldn’t have people feeling sorry for her when she was meant to be strong and brave. The door to her quarters was slammed shut behind her and she pressed her back to the cold of the wall, bringing her legs up to her chest as she sunk to the floor and buried her head in her knees. Her eyes were shut tightly, but that only made it easier for the memories to flood back to her. She could feel the ghost of a hand running down her side and she couldn’t tell if it was Poe’s or someone else’s. It didn’t feel like Poe. However much he took her by surprise when he touched her it was always gentle and it never hurt her, but this was a horrible phantom pain. She felt nothing, but in her mind there was nothing but white hot agony down her side. Every memory seemed to pulse in her head and was amplified until she felt herself shaking and beginning to cry. Her hands curled up into a fist as she felt tears roll down her face and she gasped, trying to scramble away from the nothingness that surrounded her. “Get away…” She whispered, her eyes still firmly shut. “Please, leave me alone. I’m not on Jakku any more, you can’t hurt me, you can’t have me.” Rey begged, trying to plead with her own mind to let her free but she couldn’t. It was hard to win a war when you fought it against yourself. She shivered, bringing her hands to her head as they grabbed fistfuls of hair and pulled tightly, trying to distract herself from the nightmare she was having. When that didn’t work she took a more drastic measure. She bounded off the floor and ran across the room to the small collection of things she still had from Jakku, the few things she had on her when she had run away. Her staff, her knives, her net, and some odd piece of scrap she’d never need but kept as a reminder. A reminder to never go back. She doubted she needed it after she realised these memories were still so gripping and so clear. Taking one of her old knives and inhaling sharply Rey brought it to her forearm and quickly sliced down. The makeshift sleeve on her left arm unravelled and lay on the floor as blood began to flow and she let out a small sigh of relief. It had felt good, too good, but her mind wasn’t free just yet. In fact, despite the physical release she had experienced, things seemed to have gotten worse. So she tried again and again and again, the cuts gradually becoming more calculated as she went on. After a few minutes she realised that her mind had gotten completely lost in what she was doing, and her memories had faded. So she placed down the knife and picked up the bandages from the floor. They weren’t going to go back around her arm. So Rey sat down on her bed and stared at it as blood poured out. At some point it’d stop, so she wasn’t particularly worried. She got injured all the time on Jakku, this was nothing new to her. She’d just wait it out. The thing was, usually the bleeding stopped a lot sooner than this seemed to. Her arm was still bleeding when the memories came back to her again, and this time they came back far far worse. Somehow she managed to have the sense in her to know that going back to her knives wasn’t going to help, so she instead did what she normally did when things got bad. She stepped into her refresher (beyond glad now that she had her own while her arm continued to bleed) and stripped off, walking into a hot shower of water. She tried, as she often did, to claw at the parts of her that were in pain. Her sides often hurt, but this time it wasn’t that. It was where Poe’s hands had been. She wasn’t going back to that time of her life again, she couldn’t. If she let Poe, or anyone else, take advantage of her then nothing would have changed and Rey would still be the person she was ashamed of being. She couldn’t rid herself of the feeling though, no matter what she tried. This time when she sat, she didn’t cry, she just let the hot water run over her body until she felt herself starting to wrinkle up a little. She got out, she redressed, and she sat on her bed. The bleeding had subsided, but it still hadn’t stopped. She decided it was probably for the best that she didn’t go parading around the base with the injuries, guessing someone would ask questions. No one needed to know about what had happened on Jakku. Rey had no idea how long she’d been out of it until she heard a knock on her door. It was pushed open after several seconds and a certainly X-Wing pilot stepped in. “Someone said you were upset when you left earlier.” He told her. “I thought I’d give you some space. Are you okay?” Rey said nothing to Poe’s question. She looked down at her feet, wriggling her toes and watching the way they moved as if they were the most interesting thing she’d ever seen. While she looked on she heard footsteps moving quickly and all of a sudden two strong hands were holding onto her tightly and she couldn’t move. Looking up, she saw Poe’s eyes staring at her arm filled with fear and worry for his friend. “Kriff, Rey.” He whispered. At least it wasn’t bleeding anymore. “What the hell happened? Who did this to you?” “I did.” She said softly, and Poe’s eyes made swift contact with her. “No one hurt me, don’t worry. You don’t have to go get someone else into trouble okay?” “Okay?” Poe asked, shaking his head. “Rey, I’d have preferred it if someone else had done this. I…” He trailed off, watching her closely. She was so much quieter than usual, it was as if he was looking at different person than the one he had spoken to that afternoon. “What’s gone on?” Rey found herself chewing on her lip at the question, the whole story on the tip of her tongue. She could tell him now and get it all out in the open, have a shoulder to cry on and someone to run to whenever she felt bad. But then again, this was Poe Dameron. They may have been friends, but he was also the best pilot the Resistance had, they couldn’t afford him to be distracted. Reluctantly, she shook her head. “Rey, please .” He said, and Rey could have sworn she’d heard the pilot begging. “I’m worried, I don’t know what made you do this and what if you do it again? What if you hurt yourself more? What if no one knows and no one’s there to stop you?” He asked, Rey swallowing back her silence and bowing her head once more. “Please, just say something. I need you to help me here, tell me how I can help you or…” Poe didn’t want to threaten Rey if she was in this much of a fragile state, but he needed to convince her to talk somehow. “I’ll have to tell the General. She’ll know what to do best. If I can’t help you then I have to tell someone .” “Don’t tell the General.” She said. “That wouldn’t be fair on her Poe. Look, this is nothing important okay. You’ve got missions and important jobs and she’s got to lead the whole of the Resistance, you don’t have time for me.” Poe blinked twice, just staring at her and pulling her into a tight hug. He didn’t care if he got blood on his overalls, it wouldn’t be the first time and it sure as hell wouldn’t be the last. “Rey, you know the General. She treats us all like her family. She cares about every single one of us and I’ll be damned if she didn’t think of you as the closest thing to a daughter that she ever had.” He told her sternly. “I know it’s strange ‘cause everything’s so different here, but people actually give a damn about each other. It’s not like Jakku where you’ve got to survive on your own, there’s people to help you and people that want to help you. I’m one of them, so’s the General. Hell, talk to any Resistance fighter you want, we’re all on your side Rey.” At some point he swore he heard a sniffle coming from Rey and he only held her tightly. “Let go.” She said quietly, and Poe was quick to oblige. He shuffled away a little to ensure that she had enough space to herself as she brought her arms around her legs and tried to move back. When she felt her back press against the wall and saw how close Poe still was to her she closed her eyes. She expected the worse. He was strong, he could overpower her easily. She was sat on her bed with a man who’d been flirting with her and touching her and all her mind could think of was the events she had suffered through when she was a teenager starving on Jakku, desperate for food. She’d do anything, but had realised soon after what she didn’t wasn’t worth any number of portions, it had left her scarred for years to come. “Just get it over with.” Poe looked at her again as he realised what she said, and he immediately stood up and took a few steps back. “Rey, I’m not going to do that.” “Of course you are. You flirt, you touched me earlier… If this is what you want then I suppose I should let you.” “What the hell are you on about Rey?!” Poe asked, astonished that the brave young Jedi-in-Training he knew could sink so low. “Rey I’d never… Oh Rey…” He whispered, moving closer to her again and pressing a hand to her cheek softly. The sight of her wincing at his touch wasn’t one he’d forget in a hurry. “No one is going to do that to you here Rey. No one. Whoever the hell did that, I’ll kill them. Whoever made you think that’s all your worth is wrong.” It crossed Poe’s mind that he could have brought this on. His flirting and touching, it would have been a bit much for most people but Rey always seemed to take it in her stride. He still considered telling the General, but this wasn’t something that he could just blab to anyone he fancied. He looked at Rey, watching a stray tear fall from her eye and seeing how small and fragile she looked. He had never really been able to observe her like this before (not this close or this upset) and it felt so strange compared to what he usually saw. Her face read clearly – fear and loneliness – even with her eyes shut it was obvious. The way her fists clenched and her eyes were screwed up told him that she felt so incredibly vulnerable, even when she was around him. He considered them friends and though it hurt him to think that she could believe he’d hurt her, it hurt more knowing someone else had done something to make her like that. It was vulgar what people could do, and on an Outer Rim planet such as Jakku people got away with it. “I didn’t want to starve.” Rey told him quietly. “If I hadn’t done it I’d have died, sometimes I wish I had.” “Rey, Kriff, don’t say that. Please.” Poe said quickly, approaching her again. He would give her space once he got his message through. With a hand on each shoulder he looked her straight in the eyes. “Everyone here is glad you’re here, none of us would be here without you. If you’d died, so would all of us. No one’s gonna starve you here, no one’s gonna make you sleep with them just so you can eat.” He let her consider his words for a moment and let her shed a few more tears, watching her closely as she thought. “I’d never known there was anything other than Jakku.” She said quietly. “I thought it was the same everywhere, desert as far as the eye could see. Blue skies and orange sands, and pink skies when the sun went down and scraps and heat and a living hell. I didn’t know there was green out there, I didn’t even know what green looked like apart from when I’d eaten it.” Rey stopped talking and felt the shame and guilt dropping in her empty stomach once more. “I shouldn’t have said anything Poe, I’m sorry.” Her apology was the last thing he wanted to hear, and he sighed softly. He wasn’t getting through to her. He didn’t know what else he could say but he couldn’t give up. “I’m your friend Rey, I’m here to listen to you and help. You don’t have to say sorry for that.” He told her. “I’m going to talk to the General, just to get some advice. Can I trust you not to hurt yourself if I go?” She nodded. It was enough for him. Standing back up he felt awful, wondering just how intimidated she was by him in that moment. “I’ll be back soon. Please be careful.” Chapter 2 Rey sat alone and quietly as she waited for Poe to return. She prayed that he’d only be gone a little while, but however long he was gone she knew her mind was going to be plagued by the memories of her past. She tried to do what Master Luke had shown her whilst training, to focus her mind on… On anything that wasn’t what she was thinking about. He claimed that fear lead to the dark side but this didn’t feel like the kind of fear that did. This felt like the fear that drove people away from anything rather than thrust them into the arms of their rivals. She may have been frightened, but not in a way that would allow her to lash out against anyone. As she closed her eyes, no matter how hard she tried, she could only see their faces again. Her stomach was filled with the same emptiness as it had been before, the desperation gnawing away at her insides as she felt hands pressing her shoulders back against warm evening sand. Old, grubby, hardened fingers pulling away at her clothing and brushing against her bare skin. Rey’s breath caught in her throat as her body shivered unwillingly. It was agonizingly slow, extending her torture. She wanted it over and done with, she wanted it to be fast so she could take her portions and leave, hide her shame forever, but instead every detail and every moment was being etched deeply into her memory. She felt hands resting on her hips and she bit down on her lip as hard as she could bear, preparing herself for the pain she was anticipating. Why the hell had she agreed to this? It was then that she felt kinder hands touching her, and her eyes opened. Rey was eye to eye with the General, and she had never felt more ashamed or embarrassed. Poe was standing a few paces back, keeping watch with worried eyes. It was a long few minutes before anyone spoke. “You were crying.” Poe said softly. “You must’ve fallen asleep, I went out for about 20 minutes and when I came back… I didn’t know what to do, I thought if I woke you I’d make things worse.” Rey blinked softly, before diverting her attention back to the General who was watching her with an equally concerned look. “Poe didn’t say anything, he said he felt the issue was too personal for him to discuss. I want you to go with him to the medbay to check that your arms are alright, and then I expect to see you in my office first thing tomorrow morning.” The General briefly turned to look at Poe for a moment. “That means you too, Commander.” As she stood, Rey withdrew herself a little. She tried to hide her arms and she hung her head, wanting to disappear into nothingness. There was only one good thing about all this, at least – “Finn knows.” Poe said as the General left the room, not daring to get any closer to his friend. “He saw me leaving your room, I had to tell him. He went to the canteen to get you something to eat.” Rey felt like she was going to throw up. Finn knew . She wouldn’t be able to bear the sad, sorry look in his eyes when he saw her. She wanted to get up and run, but she didn’t know where. She didn’t even know if her legs would let her run. The only home she had was Jakku, and she was not going back. “I don’t want to eat.” She said quietly, feeling even worse for it. The whole reason she’d gone through with it had been to eat, and now she couldn’t even do that. “I want to be alone.” “The General said…” “Go away.” Rey said firmly as she grabbed the edge of her blankets. Poe watched as she shuffled and brought them around herself, deciding that he didn’t want to risk upsetting her more as he slowly moved away. He took one last look at the bed, the covers now completely over Rey. The blankets shook and he heard a sob, but however much he wanted to run back to her and help her he knew that he wasn’t wanted there. He let his shoulders fall in defeat and quietly left the room, closing the door softly behind him. He pressed his back to the wall and slid down to the floor, giving himself a moment to full take in everything that had happened. Now Rey was safe, now the General was there to help her as well, he could let himself breathe. Years ago, what felt like a lifetime ago, seeing his best friend in a state like this and hearing what horrible things had happened to them would have left him distraught, but times had changed, and Poe had lost more best friends than he could count on his fingers. Instead, he felt the usual numbness that lulled him to sleep at night, the emptiness in his heart that told him he should feel something , but he was so tired of losing things that he felt nothing. He waited for the anger that boiled his blood to return – at least that was a feeling, something real he could cling on to – and he swore that he would protect Rey from being treated by anyone in such a way if he could. It was times like this that he remembered the girl was only 19. She was 13 years younger than him. Her maturity during the day more than made up the difference, but when he saw her like she was now – vulnerable and afraid – he remembered who she really was; the orphaned girl left to starve alone on a desert planet. Poe was pulled from his thoughts when a hand was placed on his shoulder, and he looked up to make eye contact with his friend. Finn was knelt down with a tray of food in his other hand, and waited until Poe was paying attention to talk. “She in there?” He asked, Poe nodded. “Am I okay to go in there?” He continued. “Give her some food, then come back out. She needs some space.” Finn disappeared for a few minutes at Poe’s reply, heading into her room to offer her some food. He came back out quietly and sat opposite Poe, biting his lip gently and teasing at it a little. For several moments they sat in complete silence. “I didn’t know she’d hurt herself so much.” Finn’s voice broke through as a whisper, and Poe again had the revelation that Finn was so much younger than him. He saw the Stormtrooper within him for a moment, watching as Finn tried to process exactly what Rey had done. From what Poe had been told, injuries were more or less always terminal, and a self-inflicted one would only represent “fault programming”. She’d be sent to reconditioning or worse. “She’ll be fine.” Poe told Finn. “It’s… It’s good that she’s doing that, in a way. She’s not bottling things up.” He said as reassuringly as he could. “An outlet, whatever it may be, is better than nothing. The General’s gonna help, I’m sure she’ll be okay.” The two then returned to silence. Neither moved from where they had sat, wanting to be as close to Rey as they could be in case she needed them. Finn was the first to fall asleep, followed shortly by Poe. Out of the three of them, Rey was the only one to remain awake for the night. Every time she closed her eyes she saw the images again, if she slept she’d only have been reminded of the touch of him all over her body, how he had enjoyed taking every last bit of self-respect she had in return for a few measly portions of food. She was meant to be stronger than this, she had held herself together so well for the months she had been here. Why did this have to happen now? She fought to keep her mind closed off, presuming that word would quickly get around to her Jedi Master. She didn’t want him in her head, not when he could see her so filthy. She hated playing the memories back to herself, feeling disgusting just remembering what had been done. It made any touch – platonic or otherwise – make her want to wretch. She felt the urge to apologise to her friends for causing them so much trouble, but the damage was done. As morning broke, the door opened. Rey had bandaged her arms back into their usual state, not wanting stares as she was escorted by Poe to see the General. He tried to get her to eat breakfast, the food left by Finn the night previous still there, but she silently refused. She didn’t say a word, inwardly building up all the courage and strength it was going to take to face the General. Poe walked with Rey the whole way. He wanted to have an arm around her to offer his support, but he presumed that touching might be a little too much so he refrained. The door to the office had opened almost before he knocked, and Rey forced herself to put on a smile. In the moment that Poe turned his head away from Rey to the General, her entire demeanour changed. She put a spring in her step and the brightest voice she could manage. “Good morning General.” “Don’t play games, Rey.” The General said. “I saw you yesterday, I know better than to believe this. You don’t have to be strong forever, now please take this a little more seriously.” Poe watched Rey to see how she’d react. He knew she was stubborn, but anyone would be after having to fight to survive for countless years alone on a barren planet. He knew Rey wasn’t used to people caring, he wasn’t sure that she liked people caring. It certainly made her uncomfortable, and he could see in her eyes how hard she was fighting to keep the smile on her face. She didn’t want people to know what had happened, she didn’t want their help or their sympathy. She wanted it forgotten, by everyone, forever. He understood, there were things that he wanted forgotten too. “I’m fine General.” She said, her voice as cheerful as ever. Poe’s heart dropped a little as she declared that. She wasn’t fine, he’d seen that much and he desperately wanted to help her. Rey, on the other hand, wanted none of it. She refused to accept help. Training with Master Luke had been hard enough. She had never been given the chance to accept help. Sure, she worked with other people, but they never helped her. As a scavenger, if you couldn’t do something on your own you were left for dead. Help was frowned upon, help was something to be ashamed of needing. “Then go, you have training.” The General said, her tone immediately defeated as she dismissed Rey with the shake of her head and a weak hand gesture. “Dameron, stay a moment please.” “General?” The two waited quietly for the door to shut, and as soon as Rey had gone the General disappeared and Poe saw Leia. As she relaxed, so did he, and he approached her to place a hand on her shoulder gently. “There’s nothing we can do but keep an eye on her Leia. She’s still not used to eating three meals a day – how are we supposed to expect her to have adapted to what we accept when she doesn’t even accept that she deserves basic requirements to live ?” He asked, his words trying to convince him as well as her. Everything would be okay in the end, it just might take a little time. “She reminds me too much of someone else I know. Too brave for their own good.” Leia told Poe, her voice quiet. “I see it in so many people’s eyes when I walk around, the fear that they hold back because they’re doing what I’m asking them to.” “You know that’s not your fault, you’re protecting the galaxy.” “But at what cost?” She asked. “Some men on this base have more blood on their hands than even I can imagine. They’ve seen things that I will never be able to let them unsee. I have seen soldiers come back from a battle changed, never to be the same again. I’m worried.” “We’re all worried about Rey.” Poe told her. “We’re all going to help her.” “It’s not just Rey that I’m worried about, Commander.” Leia said, straightening herself and looking at him with the sad eyes he knew all too well. “Now, you’re dismissed. Make sure Rey has some food waiting for her when she’s finished training.” Notes: Hey guys, this story will most likely be continued. But then again I do have like 6 fics that are open ended so we'll see what happens. Let me know if you liked it and if you want me to write more. And as always, if you have any ideas let me know and I'll try and get them done!