Prologue. PROLOGUE They say the Force is all around them. Constantly moving and shifting. They can feel it, they should. Both are prodigies of different masters, of different origins, but in the end all roads led to this point. One of the dark, one of the light. Balance was always a thriving point for his family. He was the second born Solo, and the the newest Skywalker. She was for all intents and purposes, a nobody. Like his grandfather before him, she was born of the force, unknown mother and father. Naturally, the Force came easier to her. And once it was awakened all over again during their encounters he found it hard to ignore her progress, her unrestrained progress. He was always jealous of this fact, that the Force had chosen her so easily. It had chosen him as well, but she was a natural. It called to her, whereas he had to constantly struggle for it to hear him. Despite his lineage, he was always held back, feeling as though his own family feared him, and took the precautions they deemed necessary to clip his growth. In turn, he unknowingly opened his mind and heart up to Snoke. easy pickings for a predator lurking in the shadows. His ears, thought to be too huge for a human also served an easy target for the envious, cruel "peers" he was surrounded by, had been a large source of angst for the young Ben Solo. And so now, long, dark hair covers his one of his greatest insecurities. Much like how the robes and mask hide away the fallen angel once known to the galaxy as Ben Solo, now Kylo Ren. He had abandoned his former life and all that accompanied it, and turned to the dark, seeking whatever truth and solace he could not find in the light, with his family. The grip on his lightsaber tightens, pale knuckles hidden under plasteel coated black leather gloves. She had no one, came from nothing, and now in such a short time, had rivaled all that he had scratched and clawed for. She was so serene, so at peace with the hand she was dealt, that he wondered if she was in on it all from the jump. And he supposes that after today, he'll never know. If this one strike connects with his abdomen, a deciding thrust with all the righteous strength behind it, he will surely die. There will be no snow to soften his fall, and there will be no Brendol Hux to save his life. A fitting end for someone like him. He should have killed her in that forest. Hell, he should have killed her 5 minutes ago. She is strong yes, but he is Sith. His training was completed 2 years ago, and like a true Sith, he calculated his return to the battlefield with effective precision. They had all thought him dead after their victory on Starkiller Base, but time and time again, the Sith had risen again against all odds and made the enemy pay dearly for underestimating the perseverance of the Dark Side. And that was how he had eventually wound up here, on a neutral planet seeking more than what he'd originally let on, and in a way, he has already gotten that. But his mission remains complete. Fast forward to the here and now, he has caught her out of bounds on this said neutral planet, scavenging for supplies and allies that will aid the Resistance greatly, and potentially even win them the war. Internally, he chuckles. She has come full circle, from nothing, to the Resistance poster girl. She was a nobody that gathered up arms and decided to fight back, and inspiration born out of grit and determination. He curses Snoke in this moment, also taking the time to curse his own power which he feels is still not where it should be. If it was, it would have guided his hand and struck her down before she could back him up in to a corner, once again. He feels shame too, for it is no longer just injuries and fatigue to take the blame for his previous scathing defeat. The barely healed over scar a testament he shall never forget. This is all him, weakness for Rey and all. Snoke thought he had clipped the connection, and which seemed to be the running theme nowadays, Snoke was wrong once again. Kylo Ren stares at his opponent, waiting for her to connect with a fatal attack that for some reason, has not come, He feels shame too, for it is no longer just injuries and fatigue to take the blame for his previous scathing defeat. The barely healed over scar a testament he shall never forget. This is all him, weakness for Rey and all. Kylo Ren stares at his opponent, waiting for her to connect with a fatal attack that for some reason, has not come, yet. She stares back, lips open, labored breaths rushing out and coming back in. Rey knows he's waiting for her to kill him, knows that he'll let her do it. Knows she should just get it over with, the saber is poised and ready to enter her nemesis, she can hear the voice in her head calling for Ren's head. For his blood. It has to be this way, it has to be. But she has not killed him yet. She was no longer a girl, barely aware of her age anymore as she had no true way to tell these days, but she liked to think she was older than him. Spiritually of course. He was so unstable, like a child that never learned his manners or civility. But then he would strike her off balance with the regal arrogance that was Kylo Ren, the fury that used to overtake his entire being has now been channeled, focused even. He is no longer such an easy book to read, but he's hurting still, yet his hands remain ever firm. His anger is there, very much so. But it is actually being centered towards a goal. Or it was, now it has virtually ceased. Being angry with Rey was pointless after all. He is waiting for her to strike him down. She can't (won't?) do it. Memories flood them both, their time spent together on this planet. Known as Insurant, aka the Coruscant of the Outer Rim. An amazing place, a true monument to human pioneering that opened its arms to anyone willing to sweat and toil to make it bigger than it was the day before. And here they were, two completely different people with two completely different goals for this planet. They haven't spoken in a while, no time for that in a fight as intense as this. He takes her lapse in decision making as a time to relax, sort of. He takes the time to admire the background they have chosen to duel in, shaking his head at how they are ruining the otherwise peaceful backdrop. "Well Rey, what's it going to be?" His deep voice sends tremors through her soul. It usually does when his sentences are short, yet pack more meaning than a conversation ever could. She takes the time to mull it over, whilst at the same time inspecting his form and posture. He had straightened out, no longer spread apart and tensed for battle. His lightsaber remains drawn, the chaotic red is gone. He has opted for a more secure crystal, yet it still cackles with mad energy all the same. This new one called to him, like the last, and he accepted it gratefully. A kink, she thinks, he liked his crystals broken, some alarming metaphor to his soul and sanity. The hilt is new, the crossguards though, are not. It seems they are the one thing he refuses to let go of anymore. He likes to keep appearances, that she knows. He doesn't want her to know he is capable of changing. That's all he's been doing since he met her after all, constantly changing his game up just to fall victim to a girl that wants to destroy him. She feeds off his hatred in a rather twisted, parasitic way. Jedi aren't supposed to feel that way and yet, she does. Whatever goes up must come down after all. And she hates how he makes you sink to an all new low each time he convinces her that he understands her fight against his darkness, it resonates with his constant vigilance against her light. They both know, that neither are playing the rules, so in consequence, here on this planet where anything goes, they refuse to stop. What she doesn't know is why he's walking towards her now, slowly, and why he still isn't raising his damn weapon. "Stay back! Don't make me do this." He won't give up. He'll never concede. He's still coming closer, she backs away one step at a time. She can feel the looming wall behind her, yet she cannot fathom why she refuses to hold her ground and strike her down. Truly, it is in this moment that Rey realizes the weakness that plagues Kylo Ren. The words he told her during one of their earlier dealings (if you could call it that) in that interrogation cell from so long ago rings true in her head once more. A song stuck on repeat. Don't be afraid. I feel it too. Yes, she does feel this weakness of his. Because it is within her too. For him. For her. Only for each other. He continues to advance on her, and eventually she caves. Her mind goes cloudy for a few seconds, and she barely registers her arm swinging outward, towards him. But she hears something hit the ground with a clank and thud and feels her resolve break. 8 MONTHS AGO Insurant isn't such a bad place. It is no Coruscant, and yet Coruscant is no Insurant. The ground beneath Kylo Ren's feet is solid and is a nice change of landscape from the Finalizer and his own personal shuttle. Open space leaves him on edge, at any time they could get blown out of the sky and his body would be no different than debris in an asteroid belt. At least here he could rely on his own strength rather than leave it up to chance of the hopefully competent artillery personnel. The air here is clean, but then again, the spaceport air is filtered to ease sickness and settle all the different races in to the atmosphere of the planet. Kylo appreciates the sentiment, especially considering how he is without his mask, foregoing it in the hopes that he does not attract unwanted attention. Unfortunately, he has always been a magnet for such. His unusual features prompt continuous stares everywhere he turns his face to. It irritates him. There are so many races, so many people, you would think his is the last one you would ever want to remember. But he must remember he has spent much of his adult life in a mask, constantly breathing its own filtered airs. But alas, he is without it, as his master requested (demanded). His nose is large, as is his ears, but thankfully, his hair has long ago grown to the base of his shoulders essentially covering at least one of his many insecurities. The scar could be the first tip-off, though it has somewhat healed. The pink, still raw tissue has been the slowest healing wound he has ever received, and Force knows he has had many. A parting gift from that girl. Rey. A scowl forms, and it draws even more stares, and effectively, wards some away. Maybe he should scowl more often then. Humans around him continue to stare, he knows the deal. Some think him to be rather ugly, some don't. A noncommittal grunt is uttered, and he improves his already brisk stride through the spaceport. He resists the urge to smooth his hand over the scar, suddenly so self aware of his own face. The air rushes his nerves, he hasn't felt this in some time. A monster has no true need to appease anyone, yet he feels as though he should be a tad bit more presentable. He is representing the First Order after all, even though at this stage he is meant to be operating in subtlety. The girl has been rather quiet lately as well, but that is one thing he has to thank his master for. Snoke clipped the connection a bit, made it more manageable, and over the course of his rough training, the bond receded in to the southernmost part of his brain. Nearly nonexistent. The girl is not gone, just simply muted. Eventually, Snoke taught him how to do it on his own, one of the greatest gifts he could have ever asked for. He hated that girl, so damn much. There was something about her he could not shake, something he couldn't kill off, and it made him weak. He had his shot to end her on Starkiller, and yet he did not take it. It was embarrassing, and worst of all, it caught word to other planets. Like this one. Turns out, the Resistance was quite skilled at propaganda, and ruled the social media underworld. The First Order could only do so much, the iron reach was stretched thin after its defeat, and more Stormtroopers were being "drafted" from the homes of many. But they had only so much time. At this rate, by the time that the next generation of infantry was birthed, the Resistance and that damn girl will have them lying on their backs. Not gonna happen. Kylo Ren was defeated by a Jedi. Rey. Of course, she wasn't even a Jedi, she wasn't trained, nothing. She was essentially, a nobody that became something special overnight. And all it took was a botched interrogation and a proposal to be her teacher. Truly, Kylo Ren had no sort of shortage on shit luck. And if this scar was anything to go by, it wasn't going to end up running out anytime soon. Anger began to bristle in his chest, like always. Before, it would overrun him, make him lose his focus. But Snoke had taught him that anger was meant to be channeled, and embraced. He compared Ren to a leech (it was rather insulting but informative) that latched on to his anger for the sake of living. Like a survival instinct he couldn't turn off. Instead of leeching off of his anger, Snoke showed Kylo Ren how to use the anger as if it was a partnership. Suffice to say, it revolutionized Kylo Ren, and rejuvenated him. Should the two of them cross paths again, he will be ready for her, and she will be ready for him. She had damn well better be. Shaking the thoughts of the girl aside, Kylo Ren tightened his hands in to fists just to feel the tension in them. It was little things like that which made him feel alive, like he was somehow still human, still breathing. It snapped him back to reality and let him focus again. The action was followed up with a roll of the shoulders, he was still getting used to this new version of his usual uniform. It was a duster, still black, but lighter than his surcoat, easier to move and blend in with. He looked more like a troubled young man than the alternative. Which really wasn't that much different at all really. Moving through the crowd, he made his way through the "special entrants" ticket console and punched his ticket. His plan was just to settle in to his new quarters at a premier tourist hotel in a private suite, but along the way, plans had changed. He was to introduce himself to the de-facto king of this world, a man known to his people as simply 'Jul'. He hoped that this "Jul" was easier to deal with than how he feared he would be. He would hate to have to lose his shit on such a pretty planet. Not that he really cared about this king's well-being personally, but Kylo really needed for this to pull off successfully. The First Order needed this world under their heel, and if the Resistance somehow usurped this world from the First Order, then it could get really bad, very fast. He refuses to let the past twenty-plus years go to waste, he was so close now. His training was complete, he was more than just a Knight of Ren now, he was a Sith. And Sith never give up. "Excuse me sir! You are Kylo of the Knights of Ren, yes? Yes, of course you are. Come, come, I have something for you." A voice echoed to Kylo's right, almost immediately as he stepped out of the sky taxi leading to his destination. A frown crossed his face as he swiveled his attention to the direction of the slightly screechy, high-pitched voice. At first he seen no one, the frown growing even deeper, but the sound of fingers snapping made his chin drop significantly as he finally took in the sight of a...boy? The boy was dressed in awfully regal clothing, a noble's son then? The boy had a wide grin on his face, newly grown teeth shining white like the finest porcelain. The boy possessed unruly, jet black hair that if not cut soon, would surely threaten the boys vision, if the short bangs were anything to go by. There was a familiar air about the boy, he had a look Kylo had seen many times before growing up as the son of Princess Leia Organa. Surrounded by snobby sons and daughters of the privileged was definitely not one of Ren's favorite aspects of an already problematic youth, but he managed. He was sure he even had shared the same look too. Crossing his arms, Kylo regarded the child fully, whom to his own chagrin, was not deterred in the slightest. Sighing, Kylo decided that the kid probably wouldn't leave him alone, especially considering how a noble's progeny is taught to a point, not to talk to strangers. "What do you want kid?" His gruff tone came out resigned. The kid's grin now turned in to a smirk, great. "I would like to extend to you an invitation, sir." The boy topped it off with a practiced bow, hand outstretched to Ren with what seemed to look an awful lot like a simple paper card. Kylo was not impressed however. "An invitation to what?" "Why, a masquerade! Surely you were notified of our grand celebration of this even grander city's inception?" The boy really believed that literally everyone had heard of...whatever the hell this masquerade was for. "No, I don't." Kylo drawled. At this, the boy seemed utterly dumbfounded. Like a gaping fish. Did he not know that Insurant was on the Outer Rim? This was no Coruscant after all. It was relatively new, formerly just a pitiful mining world until some Imperial runaways decided to make the most out of their time here. Cowards had crafted this world, and made it flourish, but for the most part, it's founders secrets remained just that, secrets. And Supreme Leader Snoke had found no reason to punish the world for desertion. For all intents and purposes, the First Order, and the Empire are now two completely ideals. And so it was universally believed that Insurant was just a world where miners worked their tails off for a living, until the corporations decided to reward the working man with sky tearing towers and juicy retirement benefits. If only this boy knew. Finally, the child recovered from his stupor and continued on as if nothing had happened, "Well, that's quite alright. You're an offworlder after all. Actually, that's a great thing! That means you'll enjoy the party even more than we could. I have personally never been, but my eldest brother thinks its marvelous, and that when I become a man, I get to enjoy the esspewience too!" Kylo raised his eyebrow at that. Seriously though, how old was this boy? He couldn't have been no older than 8 or 9 years old. "Shouldn't you be with him then? Or your parents?" Wrong choice of words apparently, for the boy instantly recoiled in childish dramatics. He pouted and crossed his arms, mirroring Ren's own posture. "I'm not just any old child. I'll have you know, I can take care of myself! Mister Kylo." The boy remembered his manners, amusing, considering how he was poised to let Kylo have a piece of his mind. Something that he definitely did not have time for. Dropping his arms, and scowling at the boy, Kylo looked around to see if the boy was truly as alone as he was leading Kylo to believe. Sure enough, there were men around, watching, but they did not approach, nor did they seem to give off any sort of threatening vibe. Was this world mad then? Were these nobles truly so uncaring of their own youth that they allowed them to mouth off to men dressed from head to toe in all black? Madness indeed. "Listen kid, I don't have time for this or your little 'party.' Go home." Kylo said sternly, as if he figured that would do it. He wasn't exactly in a talking mood, never really is anymore. He was enjoying the sights of this world so far though, annoying children aside. There was a lot of orange, the sun tinted the world a creamy golden hue that one can easily lose themselves into. The infrastructure of a lot of these buildings also seemed to be made out of some curious sort of glass, though he knew that to be untrue. It was like this world was shaped around the sun, giving itself to it completely. He could only wonder what the nightlife was like. "No, you don't understand! You must go, the king himself requested your presence." At this, Ren halted. He was fully prepared to blow off the child, but part of his mission was to seek an audience with the king. This was unexpected, but it seemed that the audience would come to him a lot easier than he had hoped. "Then why did he not send an envoy of his own, who are you to the king, boy?" Okay, he really misjudged this kid. What was his name anyway? "Yes." The boy had that damn crooked grin on again. It was so familiar, and frustrating to look at. Mostly because he couldn't place where he had seen it before. He just has. The hand with the invitation stretched even further, the boy raised it higher, looking up at Ren like he was stargazing, yet nowhere near as intimidated of his presence as Kylo wanted. It seemed this child would not be shaken. "I am but a messenger, oh horrid of me! I did not introduce myself, I'm sorry, my name is Benjamin Vunto, forgive me for my lack of proper introduction." The boy bowed again, desperately this time, like his mother was there ready to give him a deep scolding. "My family is employed by King Jul, we are to ensure that all of our special guests are treated to a magnificent stay here on our capital city Milestone. Insurant is an amazing place, and our service to the people even more so. In fact, the resort you shall be staying at is in our name." The boy beamed proudly, little chest jutting out, pleased with himself, and his lineage, Kylo couldn't really care less honestly, but even he knew the benefits of a great hotel with customer service to match. "Right then," Kylo finally grabbed the invite, inspecting it casually, "I suppose you can tell your King that I'll be there then." The boy beamed up at him, then bowed once more. "Yes, Mister Kylo, I shall. On behalf of the King, allow me to bestow my thanks to you for accepting. The invitation has all the proper information for the event. I hope you have a pleasant stay here on Insurant!" The boy sounded chipper, like he had just completed a job well done. He said his goodbye's, and trotted off. Bodyguards lumbering in tow. Kylo merely grunted and nodded in lazy acknowledgment. This mission was going to be an odd one. Putting down a possible insurrection and nabbing a war-altering ally was most likely not going to be an easy one. But things are never easy are they? AT THE SAME TIME A young woman that stood taller than most, was grumbling to herself in her lavish suite at the Vunto Resort. Something about the zipper of the dress she was meant to wear and how she couldn't comprehend how women of this planet were meant to breathe in them. She had now given up, throwing the poor dress on the bed in frustration. It was easier to just go about this in her casual outfit, which really wasn't that much different than the outfit she had been wearing when she met Master Skywalker. Her trademark three buns were loose, a rare occurrence. Rey got dressed up for nobody, she did not doll herself up for anyone either. Even when she was heralded a hero back on D'Qar, she hadn't spruced herself up anymore than she felt the need to. Here was much different. Sighing, she proceeded to change back in to her lounging clothes. A simple nightshirt and some shorts, nothing major. The masquerade was not for a few more days, and she still had another audience with the strange King Jul, but he was for all intents and purposes... Ignoring her. Rey let herself plop back on the bed (which was way more than she was used to even back at base), and decided to take the afternoon off. She had been toiling away the night before trying to figure out how to get in contact with that blasted King again, but he wouldn't get back to her. It's like he always knew something she didn't, it was annoying that he would not take her plight seriously. She was losing time, she was sure the First Order would send an emissary to try and gain support, the General thought it was only a matter of time after all. But for some reason, General Organa saw fit to deploy Rey of all people on this mission. Rey was no diplomat, she was only a Jedi. Barely one at that. Her training was completely not too long ago, some months if it was anyone's guess. But she had progressed admirably, and Luke confided in her that he had never seen someone become attuned to the Force in such a swift manner that she had. Rey was a natural, but Rey took the praise modestly, such is her nature. She was not used to it, she was always alone, and the people she had come across on Jakku were not always the friendliest of folks. Everyone insisted that it be Rey, so Rey chose not to decline. Laying back, Rey let out a sigh of content. This bed isn't so bad, not bad at all. The masquerade isn't for a few days after all. She had time to relax. Notes: First story on Ao3 so I'm pretty proud of myself here. This has also further cemented my trash status so yay me. Your thoughts? Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Take it All series