He doesn’t immediately recognize her. The First Order transport is empty this late at night, the troopers long since in bed and nothing but the machines to fill the empty spaces the silence leaves between the hours as the night cycle drags on. Its then that Kylo walks the length and breadth of his domain, helmet off to allow himself space to breathe. He only does this once a month; it’s as often as he can afford to. He was a symbol and symbols didn’t have faces. The more people realized he was merely mortal, the likelier it was that he’d lose what marginal respect he’d garnered from the higher ranking officers. He’s so lost in the mire of his own thoughts that he almost doesn’t notice the stormtrooper crouching in the corridor, their helmet in their lap and wires sticking out of it until he almost trips over them. Their voice stops them. “Sir.” There’s a lashing already forming on his tongue, ready to rip the trooper apart for failing to comply with orders, but then he recognizes the armor, conflates it with the voice and realizes exactly who is before him. The captain sets her helmet aside and rises, sliding into parade rest as naturally as breathing, awaiting his orders. He has none and he’s too focused on scrutinizing the officer’s face. Captain Phasma is beautiful, but more than that, she is elegant and hard, soft and sharp all at once and maybe it’s because it’s the witching hour, or maybe because Kylo always did learn best with his hands, but the commander of the first order reaches out to touch Captain Phasma and draw her close to him. Something like shock ripples across her face and alarms are tripping in her head because she’s seen what those hands could do; she knows about the slaughters he’s orchestrated with those hands, so before she realizes what she’s doing, Phasma’s drawn her blaster and pressed it squarely into the Knight of Ren’s chest. “ No .” He tenses and his neck dips, shoulders rising as if he’s been scolded, but his hand doesn’t stop reaching out for her, long fingers getting dangerously close to her cheek. She flicks the safety off her weapon and charges it, red warning lights coming to life on the side of the barrel. “ Do not touch me. ” and the venom in her voice shocks even her. It’s only when she barks at him that Kylo wavers, hand curling in on itself, withdrawing. He knows better than to test the storm trooper captain. His arm drops limply to his side, no longer moving on its own accord, no longer a threat. Phasma’s spine lengthens and she consumes the fear in her eyes, uses it to fuel a steely gaze instead. The safety on her blaster goes back on on she holsters it with military precision. “Do not ever put your hands on me, sir.” “I just-” His voice sounds thin in that moment, childish. Nothing like the voice of the leader of the Knights of Ren, so accustomed to making speeches and posturing in front of crowds of thousands, but in this moment he is not Kylo Ren. He’s not Ben Solo either; he’s a lost, broken thing who’s freshly killed the one person in the universe who ever loved him completely. He casts brown eyes aside, ashamed both at his weakness and his foolishness in thinking that the only being on this ship that posed a bodily threat to him would allow herself to be caressed. “All I wanted was to hold you.” “I am a weapon, sir.” She says, snatching her helmet off the floor, tucking wires back into their holds and pulling it over her head. The voice she emits now is harsh, filtered through the audio feed of her armor. “I am a weapon and when I have served my purpose, I will be discarded.” He knows this, he discards dozens and dozens of stormtroopers according to it, but it had left him only a few seconds prior. He moves to form and excuse, the only thing like an apology she’ll be getting, but the trooper is already disappearing around a corner and Kylo Ren is left by himself once more. Weary and road-hardened, he continues his walk once more. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 4 of the the prompted fics series Next Work →