Pas Seul Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey gripped her pointed toe shoes as she tried to hold back her smile. Day after day. Practice after practice and finally failure after failure she had managed to work up her courage to audition for the upcoming role.And here she was, backstage in her tan and brown practice attire, her lip not getting a break from all the biting she was doing. If she played her card rights and performed what Poe and Finn had deemed the impossible then maybe she could get a chance at being Odette. The brunette poked her head from the red curtain before feeling panic rush up her spine as she met the eyes of the her teacher. Leia Organa, the previous Prima Donna of the National Republic Ballet Academy. What else could she say about the Swan Queen? Beautiful, talented, fierce and resilient, she had been the only person who the executives would let play Odette when Swan Lake was being produced! A woman who could play two roles with the ferocity of one person… Oh how Rey wanted to be like her. Her eyes shifted towards the participant that was executing a beautiful arabesque, another shot of anxiety shocking her to her core and making her hide once again. Her nickname around the Academy was the ‘Orphan.’ She only got in because Madam Organa’s husband wanted to adopt her when she was five but the orphanage wouldn’t let him have her. The moment she turned eighteen she was offered a position as a student but also a worker. She danced throughout the morning and worked on props and backgrounds in the afternoon. “PARTICIPANT 010!” Rey jumped as she started to quickly put her shoes on, wobbling on one leg and catching herself before she tripped. She was next? Why would she be next? She thought that the dance would continue for much longer! Oh goodness maybe that’s what the casting wanted? They wanted someone who could dance a short piece in order to show they have already mastered all the ballet positions? All these questions stopped as she stepped out on stage, an awkward cough slipping out as she locked eyes with the Madam. A great relief washed over her as she saw a smile followed by a small chuckle. Madam Organa was always so…calming. “Rey! Wonderful to see you here!” she holds up a clipboard and taps it with her pen. “Yet even if you are one of my own students I will not stop judging you on the standard that I—“ she winks at her, “Have set~.” “Yes madam!” “Not only that—“ Leia turns around to catch a glimpse of the two boys hiding behind the chairs, “It seems that your friends are here to offer you support.” The brunette looked up as she met eyes with Poe and Finn, her two buddies from prop making! She wanted to wave but her every move was being watched so being professional was the most important thing in her mind. Yet her eyes caught sight of one last thing as she settled herself into first position. A man in a dark hoodie, his eyes staring at everything except for her. Well…at least that was one least person to worry about. Rey motioned to the sound guy as she took in a deep breath, her eyes closing as she went over the routine in her head. “…” a bored sigh was heard next to Leia's seat while the figure next to her was shifting down lower and lower on the seat. Madam Organa let out a sigh as she tugged at the strings of the hoodie the man next to her was wearing. “Come on Kylo, watch.” “Why should I? I have seen 9 girls perform nothing but routines that have nothing to do with Swan Lake.” he leans against the seat even more as he motions to his teacher “To think the Swan Queen would have to stand to watch these half-assed performances.” He was waiting for a hand to slap his chest or a harsh word to tell him to shut up but it never came. Kylo turned to face his mother but her eyes were glued to the stage, her mouth in a knowing smirk. What the hell? Dark eyes turned to the stage as his ears finally took in the music. It was the Swan Dance…which means that this girl was actually going to try his mother’s routine. A smile grew on his lips, shifting in his seat. She was about to embarrass herself completely! This dance was a pas de deux…and she was about to perform by herself? The music started out softly as Rey moved her arms up and down elegantly, copying the movement of a swan. Her toes were pointed and diligently stepped up and down, her eyes closed and merely feeling the music swell inside her. She didn’t need anybody to be the Swan Queen…like everything in her life, she could do this by herself. She stopped and moved her leg elegantly into an arabesque before swooping down so her left leg would be high in the air while her right leg remained steady as a rock and pointed like a needle. The image remained only for a moment as she came back up again, her arms gliding up and above her head before being brought down gently and stretched out. If one looked closely you could almost see the image of a man holding both of her palms before she put her leg down and her toes were on the floor. The mirage was gone as Rey moved into third position and from third position her toes sprung up again, throwing her into a series of twirls as she kept one hand up. She was performing a pas de deux…alone. Ren’s eyes widened as he took her in, his own body leaning in as his eyes fooled him into believed that someone was helping Rey through this routine. A guttural feeling in his stomach…a feeling of wanting to run on stage and yell at her to stop whatever she was doing because it was making him want to run into his dressing room and punch his mirror for feeling so exhilirated . He couldn’t move, however, as Rey struck another arabesque, her leg coming down and moving two steps to the left. Her neck was stretched out before she looked down at whatever presence was performing with her with every ounce of love and adoration as she offered her hand—Come on girl turn your face THIS way— before she took it back, tip toeing away from whatever was in front of her with a hint of regret. She was showing that she could show the emotion of love that the Swan Queen represented. That this girl could perform a dance that was usually represented as a promise between the Prince and a cursed Queen. A promise of love and cherish…to herself. No that was wrong. The Swan Queen belonged to the Prince…this girl obviously needed a partner or her legs would not be wobbling a bit as she dipped as far as she could go. Her spine was the perfect curve as Ren pictured his hand holding her waist and helping her with the weight of that pose. Not a bad picture… Which will soon become a reality, he guessed. He was Kylo Ren. The part of Prince was already his to begin with. He felt foolish for feeling challenged by absolute no one but the last few moments of this girls routine proved to him that nobody else was going to be good enough for her. If she thought she could do this pas de deux by herself then his job was going to be nothing but a superfluous background dancer… A smile felt strange on his face as he thought of what exactly they could both do together. Maybe finally leave this forsaken academy once and for all. She had gone back up almost instantaneously, her arms getting ready for a jump as her knees bent, her legs crossed, and the audience could almost feel all the muscles in her body working as if she was about to take flight. And she did. The jump was powerful and attention-grabbing, some random voices gasping as she dipped her spine as well. She must have wanted this jump to represent a lift…she had no one to hold her up after all. The girl stuck the landing perfectly before bending her knees and sinking to the floor, one leg stretched out as she reached towards it with her hands. The last few keys of a piano played and finally…the theatre was quiet. “HOLY SHIT REY THAT WAS AMAZING.” Rey almost jumped at the sound of Poe’s voice and looked up to see Finn trying to quiet him down. She blushed wildly before getting up as she took a bow, about to run off stage until a voice stopped her. “No no…he is right.” Madam Organa stood up as she watched Ren stand up and walk out, hands shoved into his pockets. She wanted to laugh in his face, it’s not like she could have missed the look of absolute wonder on that boy’s. “You were beautiful, Rey.” she says as she grabs a pair of white pointed toe shoes and walks up to the stage, Rey’s heart beating out of her chest as the shoes were held in front of her. Her hands shook as she was about to take them…she had become Odette—-! “Uh uh.” the teacher pulled them away before smiling, “A pas de deux performance all by yourself is truly something someone with a lot of determination and practice can do.” she gives her a serious look, “The Swan Queen depends on her Prince for many scenes…all except the Dying of the Swan. The role of Prince has already been taken and I am willing to give you the role of Odette if you promise me that…” she takes hold of Rey’s hands and puts the shoes in them herself. “You and him will work together as one.” The brunette nodded wildly as she took the shoes, saying about a thousand thank-you’s a minute as her friends cheered for her. Leia simply smiled and chuckled at the enthusiasm of this young girl. This wasn’t her choice to begin with after all…the Prince had to fall in love with the Swan Queen at first sight…just like her Prince did such a long time ago. It seemed, however, that the Prince and Queen she had casted did not realize they would be in love just yet. Notes: I watched Princess Tutu and then I went on a ballet watching binge so I decided to include my two favourite characters in what I believe is one of the best kind of art forms! I had to make this chapter short since this will only be an introduction but...expect longer chapters. And when I say angst I mean there will be angst. Making them fall in love right away seems a bit boring does it not? They are both aiming for two different things after all. Please Read and Review, let me know what you think! Chapter 2 : La Reine et le Prince Summary: Some schools and academies will be desperate enough to pair two people who are not meant to dance with one another. Sometimes the girl doesn't have enough experience or a guy doesn't have enough experience and it can cause several injuries. A proper partnering between ballet dancers is crucial. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Fuck Starbucks.” Kylo Ren had gone to the same Starbucks for 3 years straight. In fact, he was sure that the only reason they were popular around the neighborhood was because of the amount of iced green tea lattes he could buy in an afternoon. Just because there was a ballet studio right around the corner hat belonged to the Republic of Ballet Academies and was owned and run by the famous Swan Queen Leia Organa did not mean that Starbucks would suddenly get an influx of customers. Ballet people were picky, so he merely set the standard that this store had to meet. He wished that the thought would have ran longer in his head but once again his head drifted to the role casting and upcoming practices that were to come. Of 100 participants ,all from the 10 different ballet schools around the country, an orphan with no background in the arts had the legacy of a famous ballet dancer on her back. A chuckle broke out of his lips as he pushed the door open and the warm air greeted him into the academy. It was a modern building of sorts, had just been recently built here in the United States and making it the 10th building in the ROBA list of academies. He took another sip of his drink as he grunted at whoever said ‘hello’ to him and shoved the other door that led to the stairs. That girl should realize how lucky she is that she is allowed in the fifth floor. The first four floors of the academy were simple and effective, all displaying views of the street and passerby’s as they practiced the endless number of positions and how to alternated between each of them. The fifth floor, however, was reserved for those cast in the upcoming ballets. He had been there several times as had been his mother, father, uncle, Hux and Phasma but this girl was the ‘non-family’ member that had access to this floor. Ren shoved his bag into one of the hooks that led to the set of double-doors in front of him before stashing his headphones away. He was new to this routine but he had seen his father do it before and he had several tapes that depicted other style of princes. This would let him choose whatever he wanted and simply copy it. The girl deserved nothing but a copy of what a prince could be with that cheeky attitude she had of doing a dance for two all by herself. Maybe she should do the whole ballet by herself. It wasn’t mean to laugh at something so hilarious so he took comfort in the fact that his smile was just because he could not stop picturing this nobody of a dancer trying to play every single part by herself! A laugh was threatening to pop out but instead was tamed by the sound of a vals. The hell? The dark haired man looked down at his watch, almost bewildered at what he was hearing. It was six in the morning. All students didn’t arrive until seven in the morning to start eight o’clock classes. Besides nobody would even be in the fifth floor at this time, only him. He took this time to look at different routines and practice them on his own. His questions were not going to be answered with him just standing there, but he wished they had not been answered when he open the set of doors to find something…amazing. Dark brown hair tied in three messy buns were bouncing softly as the girl moved her body to the soft piano music. She had a relaxed smile on her face as she started to bounce on her tip-toe once, twice and then go down into third position. From third position she raised her leg and let it bend down so her toes would touch the inside of her thigh and then glide her leg so that it would be straight out like an arrow ready to shoot. She twirled against the soft music, her eyes closed as she let the feeling of absolute serenity guide her steps. One step to the right and two to the left as her tip toes wobbled a bit from all the exertion. Yet the piano keys helped her move forward and outstretch her arms as her leg went up, sticking the arabesque she loved to show off. Ren continued to stare as the sun started to rise and take form behind all the huge buildings, shining against her and letting him see only a shadow of his new partner as the last piano keys kept the brunette in the small haven she had danced in all by her lonesome. A smile on her face and her eyes shut as the song finally ended. He only had one thing to do in a situation like this. “Who let you in?” The leg that had been so proudly standing like a needle to the floor wobbled and Rey opened her eyes to find herself tripping over his words. “Fuck—ow!” A nasty ‘thud’ was heard as his eyes watched her boringly, taking in how she complained about the interruption. She was wearing what she wore the auditions which almost made him cringe before realizing that was the only pair of practice gear she had. She was still on the floor as he waited for his answer. “I am serious, girl, who let you in. Only me and Madam Organa have a key…did you break in?” The girl laughs mockingly, “Yeah. I used one of my $1.99 bobby pins and used it to pick the lock of a extremely well funded ballet academy.” He blinked at the response…he had not expected her to talk back to him like that. Ren wanted to say he was mad but he was just impressed. “Madam Organa gave me her key.” she said as she glared at him, “I decided to come in and maybe wait for you near the resting area but…the doors were open and…” she turned her gaze to the window-wall and smiled at the view, “It’s so beautiful here…” The dancer was not about to disagree with her. While the four floors showed only street views and some apartment buildings, none of them could compare with the view of the layered buildings that the fifth floor provided. It was almost like a scene taken out of the movies or catalogues. His eyes had followed her to one of the bars that was close to the huge window panels, her form slender and relaxed as she looked outside like she wanted nothing more than to dance here forever. He decided to break her concentration with a cough as he walked in and walked over to one of the bars opposite of her, stretching and bending as he looked out into the same old view he had since he was sixteen. He had been here all his life, just because one girl was in love with the view did not mean that she was his ‘ideal’ partner. At least she was smart and decided to join in as the noise of traffic and commuting organized their basic steps and simple plies. First position…second…third. First position…second…third. First position… “Your mother says we should fall in love to make this a success.” Second…? “Although I don't know how I am going to fall in love with an elitist.” Fuck it. “An elitist?” he states out loud, “At least you are not stuck with an orphan who, just because she practiced a little bit more than she had to, is now stuck with a part that is too big for her little pointed shoes to fit!” he yelled as he watched her expression turn sour. “Little pointed…do you have any idea what you are saying! I worked HARD for this role! Just because it was handed to you does not mean you will do it perfectly!” she laughs, “How do I know that you will not fuck it up?” her arms cross over her chest and her hip popped out a bit in a confident pose. “Have you even performed your routine?” He is baffled that she would even ask him that. If anything he should be asking her that question! “My dad performed that routine.Not only that my GRANDFATHER performed that routine.” he pointed a finger to himself, “Anakin Skywalker and Padme Amidala, first of the Republic to make our Swan Lake popular worldwide…” he smirks, “If you didn’t catch on that means I am his grand—“ “That’s not my question.” Did she interrupt him again? Ren looks at her with a ‘come again’ look as the girl sighs and walks closer to him. “Have YOU performed your routine? I have three main routines I have to do.” she holds three fingers out in front of him, “The meeting between the Prince and the Swan Queen” one finger goes up, almost slapping Ren in the face, “The Black Swan and finally the Dying Swan.” she gives him a knowing smile as she curls them and forms a fist. “I have performed only the meeting but have studied the last two meticulously.” her eyes turned upwards to him, “but from what I am hearing from you…is that you have seen and performed this many.” She was standing in front of him, her small frame making her look so annoying that he felt he had no choice but to turn away and keep stretching, refusing to answer her question. The small victorious ‘hmph’ he heard from her was enough to send a furious chill down his spine. This practice could not be over soon enough. —————————————————————————————————— Harpsichord strings played across the room as his eyes took in the creature in front of him. The prince thought he had seen a beautiful swan but what he found instead was a beautiful girl with a stunning white dress and a smile that made his heart melt. Who was she? Her hands were up above her head and pointed to the sky as she tip-toed over to him, his own hands reaching out to her as he took three steps to meet her in the middle. He wanted to take her hand and kiss it but the girl moved away from him in uncertainty. Her form bend and kneeled until she was on the ground, her arms outstretched and her face turned upwards in curiosity…before turning away from fear of the unknown. Yet the prince could feel the surprise in her as he reached behind her to grab her wrist and gently lift her so that she was standing straight up in front of him, her legs crossed and pointed as her arms hanged on the air elegantly. Violins joined in the meeting as the beautiful girl bent her leg before stretching it out allowing him to twirl her once before his hands moved to her waist as she let her body flow into an arabesque. The grip on her got a bit harsher as her head dipped, he had not expected her to bent down so fast. Her leg had hit the side of his face so quickly before she came back up, moving away from his grasp. That wasn’t right. She posed in front of the mirror as she looked up with a neutral expression, not the one of delight that the role required, as he followed two steps behind her, clutching at her waist as she released a small ‘huff’ of annoyance. He was a prince he didn’t need to BE here in this stupid lake. His grip tightened uncomfortably as her torso started to drop down with the least amount of grace possible, while he tried to turn her around into the next position. Luck would have it that just as she was about to raise her leg to show the beauty of a swan she had stuck one of her fingers right into his eye. “FUCK.” Ren pushed her away from him as he clutched his eyes, trying his best to not yell as the floor thudded with the girl falling on the floor. “TWO TIMES.” He ignored her as he clutched at his eye and moved to the mirrored wall, was he crying? Did this girl make him cry? “You have now officially dropped me two times!” the voice continued to speak no matter how much he thought he had shut it up, “Now I am convinced that you have not looked at your routine!” “Good job, girl! You are able to tell whether someone or not knows the choreography! I am sure the five year olds will be very impressed with you!” his eyes opened and twitched, the red surrounding his pupil letting him know that if he did not keep it together he would let a tear slip. He was not going to give this girl any potential black mail material on him, if she could twist and turn like the professional she was pretending to be then she could do the same with the truth! He sighed,the girl was starting to get to him. This was never going to work out. Both of them had been stuck with each other since 6 in the morning and they did not have one single routine to prove that they had been hard at work. Mother mentioned that working with dad was difficult but their bickering did not affect their performance. Not to mention the problem of experience, both for him and for her. He rather be tortured than to say this out loud but he had searched her up on his own time. ‘Rey’ did not have any big parts in any of their shows but she did appear as a lead for background dancers or as a performer to help bring in charity. Ren guessed that she wanted to give back to the academy that had given her a chance to escape being an orphan. Which in other words meant that she had experience…just not enough. His eyes moved to search for her, finally finding her leaning against one of the bars as she looked out into the street. If this was going to work out between them then he would need to understand her on a basic dance level. The dancer did not want all of her life story…just the basics of her style. “How did you learn to dance ballet?” The small jump she made as her attention was broken almost made him want to laugh. She seemed to get lost in her own world sometimes. A look of uncertainty and confusion glared back at him as he sighed for the second time this morning. Of course she wouldn’t trust him. Maybe if he told her what he had planned then she would be open to trying this out. “You want to be the best Odette you can be, correct?” A soft nod and a step forward allowed him to continue. “Then you and me need to me on the same experience level…” She frowned and he breathed in. It was like butting heads with the sun, but he pressed on. This plan was bound to work but she needed to agree with him. “What I meant by that was that I will need to be your teacher.” he unconsciously steps over to her before they are both touching the same bar that faced the outside of the city. “You want me…to learn from you?” her voice was mostly annoyed…but held a hint of curiosity. “I want to teach you how to dance as my partner. There is nothing you can learn from me because you already have your own dancing style.” he motions to the white point toe shoes she was wearing, “Madam Organa gave you those because she believed you have the talent and the spirit to be what she was.” Her attention was fully on him so he figured that he was finally getting through to her. With a new wave of confidence he made one last move to seal the deal. “So if you and me learn to dance like we at least respect each other then we can easily fool the audience into thinking we are lovers.” he stops as he holds out his hand to her and waits for the decisions she would make. Her eyes lingered on his hand before she looked up at him, her eyes searching for any ulterior motives. The room had gone dead silent, or maybe her gaze was blocking out the sounds of the city. The neutral face he was so proud of started to break as she kept on staring at him, switching between his hands and his eyes. He never held eye contact with someone for this long…and her eyes were already causing a flush to appear on his cheeks. Was he nervous for what her answer would be? “…deal.” Ren let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding as she felt the firm grip of her handshake. She had agreed to this, they could both benefit from this if the show became a success so of course she couldn’t refuse. “But you have to do one thing for me…” “And what is that?” he asked as he felt her grip tighten. For a moment he could see the stage filling with applause as they both bowed in front of the adoring audience. They had 6 months to get this right… “You have to call me Rey.” Notes: I have had to search so many Ballet tutorial videos and learn a lot of different ballet terms. I am not even learning dance in college but that is the kind of research I do in my free time. This chapter may have been filled with nothing but conversation and dancing but I needed to set up the next couple of chapters of their practice and eventual trust for each other! Please tell me how it's going! Honestly I need it XD Otherwise thank you for reading~!