Goodbye Alpha Notes: Heyooo! I'm still not sick of these two so here it is, Falter, the time travel AU fic I whined about on Tumblr. I blame my Steins;Gate trauma for this so now you all get to suffer too. There will be porn, action and a lot of humor but the tone will be a bit darker than my last long fic. Anyway, enjoy the ride as always, comments and critique are very welcome! :) He sat in the corner, very still. No, not entirely still - his trembling fist locked around his lightsaber as the last drops of rain dripped down his white knuckles. Equally white, his face, as the bleak light of the command shuttle carrying him away of his greatest sin reflected in his big brown eyes. The eyes of a maniac, some said. The other Knights in the command shuttle were as silent as he was, feeling the weight of their actions rest heavily on their shoulders as reality settled back in again. Some of them already killed before, but two or three of them felt greatly disturbed by the blood clogging to the soles of their boots. They killed everyone down there, even the eight-year olds, and battled their former teenage friends to the death. The other padawans. Those who weren’t chosen. “You think he’s still out there?” one of the young men broke the silence, and was met with a very angry look from Kylo Ren. “Master Luke, I mean?” “I don’t care.” “What if he comes back?” “He won’t,” Ren forced himself to stand up, feeling the painful burn of a minor wound on his leg. He hopped towards the tiny port on the side of the ship, and saw the planet he formerly called his home disappear into the void of space. He imagined he’d feel more excited when this moment would finally come, and considerably less soaked. With a click, he put his helmet back on, now without stupid remarks from his men. Luke Skywalker didn’t look surprised at all - terrified, disappointed, yes, but not as devastatingly disillusioned as Ren’s mother must have felt the moment she sensed the great disturbance in the Force on the other side of the Galaxy, or wherever she was ventilating her political opinions. Ren felt it too, but to him it was the equivalent of a great orchestra sounding at full power. The end of the new Jedi Order! Finally! And yes, Ren had spared Luke, but only to spite him and his ridiculous dream. One final fallen exiled Jedi to die on a faraway planet alone, as history repeated himself in a most cruel of manners. The shuttle docked with the First Order’s grand flagship , magnificent as all of the First Order’s vessels, the Star Destroyer Allegiance. The Knights roused as a red haired captain entered the cargo hold. “Enjoying the view?” The young captain asked, his voice dripping with cockyness rivalling only that of Kylo Ren. Ren immediately disliked him. The captain made a gesture for the men to follow him up to the command center inside the Allegiance . “SL Snoke has requested your presence at the holocaster.” The Knights displayed a surprising lack of enthusiasm at the order to speak with the great leader. Ren scoffed. The youngest two looked like they were about to piss their pants the moment Ren had given the sign to go. This wouldn’t be the last missions SL Snoke would send them on, so they better get used to it. Ren wouldn’t tolerate weakness so kindly the next time. As the men entered the command center they were greeted by the brittle-looking figure of SL Snoke on the holocaster. “You succeeded in your mission,” he spoke, and almost sounded proud. “This is a victory for the First Order.” “Thank you, Supreme Leader,” Kylo Ren smiled behind his mask, and clenched his fist. Now, he was finally a full-fledged Dark Side user, leaving the Light on the Jedi academy behind him for good. The Knights besides him cheered as they made their way back to their personal quarters, uninterested in any debriefing. Kylo Ren stayed behind and discussed the Jedi massacre at length with his master Snoke, even though his knees started to give out on him. Truth was, Ren wasn’t even sixteen years old yet and just killed a lot more than sixteen people. “Your formal training will now begin,” Snoke spoke to his apprentice, “in a couple years, you will join me in command of the First Order. For now, I give you full authority over the Knights of Ren, your friends.” Ren’s smile couldn’t be broader. After ending his meeting with SL Snoke, Kylo Ren decided he needed a very long and hot shower, and an even longer night’s worth of sleep. Even though night and day had no meaning on a Star Destroyer like the Allegiance, he felt tiredness creeping up on him. Tomorrow, he would wake to a new dawn, a new future. Little did he know this fleeting thought beared a horrible prediction. There would indeed be many new futures ahead of him. As Ren crossed the hallway he saw that same redhaired captain again, now showing almost the complete opposite of his cocksure, proper stance. The man was hunched over against the wall, head down and puking his guts out while taking care not to soil his coat. Ren stopped mid-stomp, and looked over at this sudden display of weakness. “Captain,” he said, perhaps a bit more vile than the poor Captain deserved at a time like this, “don’t tell me you suffer from artificial gravity sickness.” The captain froze for a moment, wiped his mouth with a shaking hand and turned around to face Ren. His eyes were wide-open with terror, absolute panic. “Ren…!” He lunged forward to the Knight, almost crushing him in his completely inappropriate approach to this stranger. Ren was too overwhelmed to Force-push this obvious mad-man away, but was struck with the honestly dripping from the man’s trembling voice. “You died, Ren,” the Captain sobbed. “You died, and it was all my fault.” “What are you talking about?” If Ren didn’t feel his forehead vein popping up in a very obviously alive manner, he’d almost believe this raging idiot from the absolute conviction in his voice. The man looked up at him, his bright blue eyes clouded with tears and snot streaming from his nose. “Starkiller base. She killed you there, Ren… I-I was too late. So I came back for you.” Chapter 2 : Bluff Chapter by Petesy Summary: After their usual bickering, Hux eventually falters as Ren discusses his vision with him. Notes: This chapter has been slightly edited on 02-19. Also I have changed the tags, READ THE TAGS! The ice is cold. Stone cold. Kylo Ren, mighty warrior, laid draped on the Starkiller’s surface with faint beeping coming from the tracker in his belt. Warm blood slowly melted the snow around him, revealing the sharp stones underneath. His life flows away from him after Rey, the Jakku girl, tore into him in a final attempt to save her friend Finn. In Ren’s clouded mind, he only sees Hux’ face, pale and frightened. She killed you. With a sharp jolt, Ren suddenly pushed upward, and coughs up an entire mouthful of blood. Pain. Everything is pain, excruciating, all-consuming. He tries not to throw up out of fear his intestines will spill out his wounded side. He rolls over, desperately trying to keep himself together with whatever piece of the Force he can grab hold of. His eyes have gone blind from the shock, and he is shaking all over. He reaches for his lightsaber, but finds a firm leather boot underneath his fingers. “G-general,” he coughed as he looks up through his bloodshot eye, feeling the skin on his face tear apart even further. He barely saw the General, but he is unmistakably there. The next hours were a sickening mess of motion, visions and a strong tobacco smell. Hux held it together better than the Starkiller. He lit another cigarette, and the trooper next to him made sure his cigarette case never goes empty. The escape shuttle boosts away from the imploding planet, and Hux forced himself to watch every second of the demise of Starkiller Base. Yet, he clung to the knowledge he’d at least gotten Kylo Ren off of there. He smiled, and told himself he was relieved because that’s what SL Snoke would have wanted, and who in their right mind goes against SL Snoke’s wants? Back on the Finalizer, Hux’ captains were naturally following evacuation protocol, receiving the thousands of escape pods the First Order had installed on Starkiller base. Hux stayed at Kylo Ren’s side with Phasma taking over direct command under SL Snoke in the aftermath of the explosion. Hux trusts her completely, after all. Ren was not doing well. Despite the First Order’s advanced technologies, healing the human body continued to be a challenge throughout the entire Galaxy. The fallen Knight slipped in and out of consciousness during the following critical hours as the medical droids tried to stabilize him. When the Knight eventually does wake up nearly 20 hours later, it feels like a lifetime has passed. Slowly, he opens his eyes to the all-white reality of the emergency room in the medical bay. Ren was immediately annoyed by the fact that Hux sat at his side. “Good morning,” the tired-looking General sighed, “what a shame you woke up. I just had the perfect opening in mind for your eulogy speech.” Kylo Ren had trouble processing the General’s words together with his surprise the man was alive in the first place. Ren always thought of General Hux as a man who would go down with his ship, but in this case he seemed to be overestimating the man’s love for his super weapon. Dissatisfied with the lack of response on Ren’s side, Hux continued to taunt the wounded man. “Don’t tell me you’re too hurt to unleash whatever you call sarcasm at me, Knight,” Hux said as he butted his cigarette on Ren’s nightstand. “Don’t tell me you camped out here just to be mean to me the moment I wake up after killing my father and nearly being killed myself,” Ren spitted out surprisingly coherent for the amount of sedatives pumped into his veins. If he had the strength he would love to punch the General in the mouth. “You weren’t killed, which is all that matters,” said Hux in an especially constipated tone. “If I knew you’d be here doing - what the hell are you even doing here, General?” “Making sure you don’t die out of misery,” Hux growled. Ren grinned. “And you call me a bad liar? Come on, is Snoke making you do this? Or do you owe Phasma a favor?” “Go fuck yourself, Ren,” the General ceased his usual witty remarks and let Ren have this one, this time. He settled back into his chair and closed his eyes, with Ren doing the same only back into a more comfortable pillow. If only he could see the usual blackness of the inside of his eyelids, but his mind decided to go black to snot-faced, crying young Hux who forced himself to the foreground of Ren’s fever dreams for the past hours. “Hux.” The General jolted awake when he heard the Knight nearly whisper his name. Ren looked dead-straight at him with his only brown eye left. “You were right.” Hux laughs before lighting another cigarette. “Of course I am right. The real surprise here is how you failed to capture the girl. She has no formal training whatsoever.” Ren shook his head, and immediately regret it as sharp pains stabbed him right back in the eye. “You warned me for her, General, ages ago. You told me I’d die on Starkiller base.” “I tell you you’re going to die almost on a daily basis, Kylo Ren,” Hux sneered as he exhaled. “I mean that time back on the Allegiance, when you made a total dick out of yourself.” “According to you, that must’ve been every day,” Hux sighed. “Well if you excuse me, I have to mentally prepare myself for the meeting with SL Snoke to tell him his precious little boy is not only alive, but more crazed out of his mind than ever.” Ren’s voice dropped. “Hux, please. I hate your guts, but for the First Order’s sake...” After hearing exactly one to many 'please' than usual coming from Ren's mouth, Hux looked over at him, and saw a dead seriousness he did not expect. “I’m not crazy,” the Knight said in a low voice before shooing the droid away. “Fifteen years ago, on the old Allegiance, you puked your guts out before saying some crazy shit like ‘she’s going to kill you on Starkiller base’. You were referring to Rey, who almost killed me, one and a half decade before we found out about her. How ?” “What are you talking about?” Hux huffed, not knowing what kind of joke Ren was trying here. “I didn’t cause a scene like that back on the Allegiance, I’m quite certain.” “You were a captain.” “Yes Ren, I was still only a captain when I scraped you and your bloodhounds off that Godforsaken Jedi planet,” General Hux pinched his nose even harder. He always looked like he wanted to punch Ren in the mouth, but today he looked like he was ready to do a roundhouse kick instead. “All I remember of the Allegiance was how bad Phasma’s feet smelled. Oh God, I will never forget how much I hated sharing a hut with you two...” Now it was Ren’s time to huff and puff. “We never shared a hut!” Ren then found out the most terrible thing about his facial wound: glaring now hurt the right side of his face. Fuck. “Trust me, I wish it wasn’t true.” “I remember very vividly that I always avoided you after you caused that little scene, General,” Ren pinched the one eye not hidden behind layers and layers of gauze. Hux seemed to be a taken aback by Ren’s determination, and suddenly stood up. He looked quite pale which was an accomplishment for him. “I won’t listen to your feverish rambling any longer,” Hux sighed, trying to hide his lost composure, “I’ll inform SL Snoke you’re not quite as braindead as we thought - and I wished - you would be.” With his cocky little prance, he stormed off to be annoying elsewhere. The cogs in Ren’s brain continued turning, judging the value of his vision in the snow. Was Hux embarrassed enough to block out that particular instance from his mind, or did he slip up in the aftermath of the Starkiller’s demise? Ren absolutely did not remember sharing a hut with the redhead or Mrs. Smelly Feet, if he had to take Hux’ word for it, but he was absolutely certain Hux knew more about Rey. On the screen on his night stand, it took Ren very little time to find the old barracks lists from back on the Allegiance. Wing C, hut 1445... 1446... Ren gasped as he failed to find any data on of sharing huts, had his own memory if having his own hut not been enough evidence for him. He clenched his fist. What was going on here? Chapter 3 : Boundaries Chapter by Petesy Summary: Hux picked the wrong day to fight with Ren. Notes: Okay READ THE TAGS, I changed nearly all of them as the story is taking a darker direction. Ren is a total ass and won't stop being so for a long time. I also rewrote ch2 to take out some confusing stuff. Thanks for reading and I always appreciate comments/suggestions/critique! :) Kylo Ren didn’t have time to aggressively bother General Hux about his findings, as SL Snoke came up with a strict workout regime to finally finish Ren’s training. What a shame, Snoke often thought, that this talented young man has had no worthy opponents in his life to make him see the necessity of training. This was, of course, all true, as most First Order enlisted had a weak spine and an even weaker mind especially vulnerable to penetration as JB-007 had proven. Ren could practically keep his eyes closed during battle with the poor souls chosen to train with him. SL Snoke was not a huge fan of battle simulations so poorly implemented for Force users, unlike General Hux who was showing more and more grey hairs every time Ren ’accidentally’ killed another sparring partner. This time, Ren knew they would focus on his one weak spot, the one that made him lose the fight with Rey: his posture. “Up! Keep your back up and walk with confidence!” one of the Knights of Ren yelled. Ren panted and held his saber closer, his arms burning with the seemingly endless hours of training. His Knights were training together as usual, to strengthen their bond and because they are the only worthy opponents Ren has left on the Finalizer. Two more Knights were sparring on the other side of the training room, air thick with sweat and the heat of lightsabers. Sweat drips from Ren’s hair, tied back into a messy bun. He straightens his back and tries to find his balance, but as he already suspected, this forced posture is only throwing him off and irritating him even further. His lightsaber feels strangely heavy and the blade is twisting and pulsating even more as if directly reflecting Ren’s rage and frustration. It’s been weeks since the destruction of Starkiller Base, and Ren’s wounds are healing well. He was dying to get back to training, maybe a little bit too soon, as he felt a hostage of his own thoughts in that MedBay bed. The General didn’t check up on him anymore after their initial conversation, but that didn’t mean Ren was free of that cocky man. He just couldn't stop brooding over Hux slip-up, over how he most definitely seemed to possess psychic powers or was part of some hide-Rey-from-Ren plot. When Kylo Ren didn’t think about Hux, he thought about Rey. Hux was right that Rey had almost killed Ren. As a non-Force user he did not feel or see what Ren did, and did not understand the gravity of their battle. Maybe it had been arrogant of Kylo Ren to offer Rey to be her teacher, playing on her feelings of abandonment and how her parents had let her down - much as Ren’s parents let him down as well. When Rey finally cut down on him once he succumbed to the bowcaster wound, Ren saw a moment of hesitation in her eyes. Ren could feel the shadow of her Force aura looming over him, and her consciously pushing it away by sparing Ren’s life. She’s a stubborn one, Ren concluded, determined to give in to the lies of the Light Side. How foolish of her. Ren was rudely awoken from his pondering by the Knight, who roughly kicked him in the back with his boot. “Posture!” “Alright, alright!” growled Ren. As he got ready to pounce on his opponent again, he heard the airlock open. Ren and the Knights immediately rolled their eyes. Those heel clicks meant trouble. “I see you are training again, Kylo Ren.” Hux obviously tried to pour as much hatred and repulsion in his voice as possible, resulting in him screeching even more nasally than usual. “Did you finally found the way back from underneath your rock?” sneered Ren, straightening his back even further to show how non-slouchy he could be if he wanted to. It was true he hadn’t seen much of the General for the past few weeks. The three Knights in the room decided it was time for a very, very long shower very, very far away from the training room, leaving two of the triumvirate alone together. Ren sheathed his saber and averted his face from the General. He hated being without his helmet. “Leader Snoke has asked me to personally overlook your training,” said Hux, before Ren even has a chance to sling another insult at the General’s face. “He even considers employing the battle simulations we use on our troopers.” “No simulation could have prepared me for that battle,” shrugged Ren, knowing Hux was taking a jab at his defeat on Starkiller Base. “Rey is strong, as all Force-savants are. May I remind you of another one?” “I know from experience that it’s usually Darth Vader.” “It’s Darth Vader.” Hux made a face that is somewhere between smelling sour milk and listening to a sweaty Trooper fangirling over the Resistance’s new Poe Dameron propaganda imaging. “And where do you fit in all of this, Ren?” “I could ask the same thing of you.” Ren is suddenly near Hux, on the bridge overlooking the training room. Hux can almost feel the heat radiating off the man’s body, who for some reason insisted on training in all black. Hux allows himself a gaze up and down. The man is shredded and sweaty. “What do you mean?” he produced. “I mean Rey,” Ren doesn’t fail to look intimidating even without his helmet, as his big brown eyes shine with a cockiness that Hux suspects is inspired by himself. How endearing. “I heard the rumors. You seem to think I have something to do with Rey’s capture on Jakku when she was still a child,” Hux said, simultaneously rolling his eyes. “You told me about her before. I know this.” “You are hallucinating.” If Hux’ eyes were literally as icy as they looked, Ren would have gotten a cold. He squinted his eyes and bit his lip.“I can take whatever I want from that pretty head of yours - ” he whispered threateningly, “ - General .” Hux is unusually snappy. “Then why don’t you? Afraid of what you may find?” His cockiness was met with a Force-push against the door behind him. Hux shrieked, as Ren had never used physical violence against him before despite the two terrorizing each other in different ways for years and years. His eyes widened as he felt the Force choke around his neck. Gasping for air, he tried to resist - it’s no use. Snoke warned him for this… Ren’s left-hand Force is not as strong as the right one, but Hux stands no chance against him. Ren is tired, irritated and hurting, as the wound in his side is still burning even weeks after. Hux picked the wrong day to fight with him. The Knight said nothing as he overflows Hux’ mind, who closes his eyes in horror and tries to worm free from the full-body lock his aggressor has put him in. “R-ren… Don’t…” He struggled and pushed back as he felt the unpleasant presence of Ren in his head, together with maybe a tiny bit of sympathy for all those traitors and Resistance scum he had Ren interrogate in this manner. Before Ren could weed fully through Hux supposedly boring memories, the door holding Hux in place opened to reveal the three Knights, lightsabers unsheathed. “Sorry, Master,” one of them said, “Snoke doesn’t want you to touch Ginger here.” It’s refreshing to see the Knights don’t whimper away in fear for the Kylo Ren, even though Ren already attacked all of them individually earlier in their years together. Ren let go of General Hux, who dropped to the floor in a whimpering mess thereby severely creasing his uniform. “That’s General Ginger to you,” Ren corrected his Knight, and they all laugh before stepping over Hux who remains on the floor for an unusually long time before slowly getting back up. In the privacy of the now deserted training room, Hux let a tiny bit of his inner frustrations go. He screamed out loud, pulled out his boot blaster and just started shooting. If a guard were to come through the door right this instant, Hux can’t say he wouldn’t have shot him as well. After he starts smelling burned leather from a punching bag set ablaze, he forced himself to calm down as usual. His heart throbbed in his throat as he leaned on the railing of the bridge. He closed his eyes and admitted to himself he is for once happy with the Knights of Ren, who prevented Ren from finding out the truth. For now. Chapter 4 : Invasion Chapter by Petesy Summary: Ren peers into Hux mind and find something he never expected. Ren doesn’t consider his assault towards Hux untill SL Snoke himself calls him in for discipline. “ … respect… boundaries… healthy work environment…” He’s heard it all before. “Leader Snoke,” he interrupts his master, brushing an imaginary piece of dust from his helmet. “I suspect Hux to hold a secret about Rey of Jakku.” SL Snoke furrows wherever his brows used to be. “A secret? My own General?” “Years ago he warned me for her, Supreme Leader,” Ren smiled, cocksure he found the one little fuck-up in Hux alleged master plan. “He foresaw I would fight a girl on Starkiller base.” “I see. This is why you were so… passionate about finding her.” “If Hux knew about her years before we did, she must be something special.” Snoke leaned back in his chair and ponders on this information his talented student has given him. “Very well. I will allow you to search his mind, but please keep him sane. I need my General.” “Even after Starkiller Base?” Snoke stood up, his hologram already dissolving back into the darkness of the communications room. “Even after Starkiller Base.” ~ Hux room was exactly as Ren imagined it - clean, tidy, and absolutely devoid of any personal touch. The small beam of light shone in from the crack in the door, cleverly broken open by Ren’s Force power, revealed the sleeping figure of the Great General Hux hugging and drooling on his pillow. Only when he saw the still, bare-chested figure of his General did Ren finally believe the man actually slept. Not enough, of course, not barely enough. With great restrains, Ren sneaked over towards the bed and closed the door behind him with a quick push of the Force. He removed his helmet and placed it on the bed next to Hux. His eyes would soon get used to the dark, but he would be done long before that. He wouldn’t need his eyes for what he was about to do. Sleeping people were easier to read, as they could not interfere with Ren’s reading by blocking out thoughts. The red-haired General snored, and rolled over to face Ren, still holding his pillow tight. He would probably wake up, but none of that mattered if Ren was right. He stuck out his hand and entered Hux’ mind so slowly, so gently he was surprised he could even get in. Ren fantasized about this so often. Hux’ mind, the final frontier. How different would it feel from the inferior brains of their troopers, indoctrinated to pulp and as resistant to Ren’s powers as as fruit against a grenade launcher. Ren expected to find some sob story about Hux’ father, regret about the Starkiller and maybe even the crush he was rumoured to have on Lieutenant Mitaka. A lot of gun stuff, a lot of paperwork. Nothing could have prepared Ren for what he actually saw. His own funeral. Ren gasped as the horrifying image played before him. His own lifeless body in a casket hoisted up to a platform on an unknown planet, hundreds - no, thousands of First Order enlisted at its feet. General Hux’ trembling voice, “- revenge against this terrible act… Rey of Jakku… National enemy of the First Order...” Hux didn’t hold it together and dropped to his knees, fists clenched and throat sore with heartache. Ren had seen enough. He pushed through whatever crevice of Hux’ mind this came from, but sank deeper and deeper into unexplainable events and emotions. A shared hut with Phasma, Hux and himself. A speeder accident cutting a nasty gash in his leg, on an unknown planet Ren did not remember, and certainly did not have a scar from. Hux tending to the wound, caressing the healed scar, suddenly kissing Ren! “Enough.” Hux gritted his teeth, and smacked Ren’s hand away. Ren quickly got off the bed and reached for his helmet, ready to leave this delusional General alone, but Hux firmly grabbed his wrist. “Didn’t like what you see?” He twisted Ren’s arm, who tried to suppress his scream in fear of guards running to the General’s aid. Ren was, after all, not welcome in Hux’ personal quarters. “I don’t even know what I saw,” Ren growled, “you are seriously disturbed.” “You fool! Is your head as thick as your helmet?” Hux shouted. “Do you understand nothing?” Ren had no issue in pulling himself free and slamming Hux against the headboard of his bed, bending over him and piercing those reddened eyes beneath him. “Should I be flattered?” He traced Hux cheek with a gloved finger and watched the mighty General tremble at his touch. “Should I... return your feelings?” Hux bared his teeth in frustration, just barely feeling Ren’s lips against his. He didn’t try to fight back - yet. “Stop torturing me, Ren. You don’t know what’s like to live your life twice, and lose someone twice.” Ren curiosity was aroused as he pushed harder against the General’s wrists. “What do you say?” “Why don’t you take another look?” Hux sighed, and loosened his tense limbs. Ren was suspicious of this sudden sign of defeat, but re-entered Hux’ mind anyway. There was a device, as large as a room, covered in moldy old blankets. Ren could see the reflection of himself as Hux in one of the chrome parts - an older, exhausted Hux with barely anything left of his perfectly-pressed First Order outfit. He flipped some switched while an evacuation siren sounded in the background. Ren was overwhelmed with Hux’ desperation as he closed his eyes and activated the device. Then - a coil of light, flashes, drumming sounds, and what felt like hours later, he saw himself at sixteen, standing before Hux. “ Captain ,” the younger Ren said, and the older Ren concluded it was definitely more vile than the poor young General deserved, “ don’t tell me you suffer from artificial gravity sickness. ” Then, Ren got distracted by something he usually pried for during his interrogations. A very special place in the mind where strong memories were kept repressed. Usually, secret maps, but in Hux’ case, it was something else entirely. Hux felt very reluctant to give this to Ren, but as always, the grenade launcher won. Ren saw rain. A crashed escape pod on some backwater planet that Ren did remember as the first recruiting mission he was send on. Only in Hux’ mind, he’d been there too, escaping the hostile alien tribe and crash landing in the dense jungle forest. Ren could almost smell te rain, as vivid was Hux memory of this moment here. Inside the humid pod, Hux nearly crushed Ren’s rib cage as he pressed him close, whispering: “ don’t ever try that again, you idiot. ” “ I’d never, ” Ren heard himself say, before kissing Hux passionately. Ren felt his own tongue flick against Hux’ as his host opened his mouth in a very, very eager welcome. With so many limbs going on, both in real life as in the vision, Ren soon lost track of them and dived further into Hux’ mind, only to find so many more similar memories of Hux and himself doing unspeakable things to each other. When the Knight opened his eyes in the real world, he found himself kissing Hux. His arms had wrapped around him, cradling him into his long arms. It felt safe. Ren jolted away from him as if Hux was made from hot metal. “Hux… What the fuck was that?” He noticed he was trembling, maybe more deeply touched by Hux’ raw emotions than he thought. How could he have let himself get carried away like that? “That… is the truth,” Hux hissed, and even with only the light of the stars shining in through the viewport could Ren tell his General’s eyes were filled with tears. “And you have pried it out of me.” “It’s impossible,” Ren whispered, Hux’ taste still on his lips. “You have been brainwashed.” “No,” Hux took Ren’s hand and seemed surprised at the Knight’s lack of resistance, “this happened. Where I am from, this was my reality. I came back to save you, but - ” he hesitated for a moment, cast his eyes down on the heavy black helmet in his lap, “I seem to have lost you nonetheless.” Ren fell silent, then shook his head. “That’s impossible. You are tricking me, General. You are hiding something very cleverly from me, but I will find out. I always -” Suddenly, Hux stood up, clearly choking back some very uncharacteristic tears. “Fine. Be like that. I wish I’d have let you die on that godforsaken Starkiller!” He grabbed his bedding, dropping Kylo Ren’s helmet on he floor with a very loud and deep thud. It shook Ren, who was unable to stop Hux in time before he disappeared into the hallway, leaving the Knight in complete confusion in his quarters. Chapter 5 : Incubation Chapter by Petesy Summary: After discovering unknown memories in Hux' head, Ren becomes obsessed with knowing the true General. Notes: Sorry for not updating this for a month! I'm writing another epic story for the Kylux Big Bang, which will be released during a "big bang" of fics and art at . It's going really well but it has taken up all my time, hahaha... Nevertheless, today I was suddenly inspired to write our Falter Hux and Ren again. Today we even have some fluff! Kylo Ren stared at his personal screen and the message from Phasma he got mere minutes after Hux stormed out on him. >> 02:44 - I saw General Hux stomping towards his office with a pillow and a blanket in nothing but his underwear. You have something to do with this. It wasn’t even a question, yet Ren had not replied for nearly two weeks now. Everything had changed after the scene Kylo Ren cause in General Hux’ quarters. The ginger-haired man refused to see or speak to him, which would usually severely hinder Ren’s order of operations as he had to run an annoying amount of things past his General, but SL Snoke had put his usual Knightly tasks on hold in favor of his training. Kylo Ren had tried to bring the issue back up with Snoke, but the tall hologram had brushed the topic aside often enough for Ren to get the hint and move on. A lieutenant had been demoted for commenting on General Hux’ unusually vile commentary on the new plan of attack. Rumors in the hallways said General Hux slept in a camp-bed in his office and had his meals brought there too. The most gossipy of troopers even whispered they’d caught the General unshaven - impossible, of course, but the rumours where there. The Knight had completely trashed his own room, angry at the General for confusing him with his lewd thoughts, angry for not having an answer on Rey, and mostly angry for himself for being too cocky, too arrogant in thinking he’d just easily penetrate General Hux’ mind to take what he needed. Well, he thought, at least General Hux didn’t seem to mind being penetrated. As if he wanted to show Ren whatever that was, in his mind. Kylo Ren then decided to sleep in Hux’ quarters, as he had to run any repair applications past the General who was now always cleverly one step in front of him whenever Ren started looking for him, saber unsheathed and fists clenched in anger. The days without Hux to bother him blended together in a repetition of eating, sleeping and training. Soon, tired Ren found his own way back to Hux’ quarters, and after a week he brought his stuff over there because he didn’t feel like walking back and forth for every sock he forgot to bring. The pillows stopped smelling like Hux’ cologne in a matter of days. Ren could barely resist the urge to throw his personal screen against a wall and let out a frustrated grunt. Why wouldn’t the General get out of his head? Why did he allow himself to think back to the memories he found in Hux’ head, memories that started to feel familiar, wanted, safe . Breathing, warm skin against his chest. It was not a visual memory, but a physical one, etched in his skin like the grotesque scar across his face. Sometimes Ren would wake up in the middle of the night grasping that memory and feeling empty and disappointed when it turned out he was still all alone. It just didn’t feel right . They crashed into the jungle, years ago. Fleeing from some unnamed alien to the extraction point where Phama would come get them in her shuttle. It was Ren’s idea to escape, of course. In the heat of the moment he choked one of the alien diplomats and pulled only Hux with him, leaving the troopers to fend for themselves. A rogue branch knocked the speeder off its course, crashing them into one of the large trees on the jungle planet. Hux was out of his mind, but calmed down instantly when Ren pulled him close to kiss him. “Don’t ever try that again, you idiot, ” Hux had said, fighting back the tears and holding on to Ren for dear life. Don’t ever come back for me, he meant. Don’t put your life on the line for mine. I need you to go on. I need you to live. Ren could only rake his fingers through Hux’ hair, knowing that of all orders he would disobey, this one would be the easiest. As Ren dug through another boring secret First Order report, looking for that god-awful machine he’d seen in Hux’ head, he noticed he already knew the answer. The research was just a distraction for what he already knew. Hux was a fever crawling under his skin and infecting him, and eventually Ren stopped resisting him. ~ Three weeks after the incident, Ren showed up at Hux’ office, helmet dangling from his hand and giving ugly looks to all Stormtroopers silently gasping in surprise at his scarred face. Kylo Ren never really had a plan, of course. Faith threw Han Solo’s presence in the thermal oscillator on Ren’s lap, and he took it like he took everything that crossed his path. The only thing Ren was actually good at was winging it. Back at the academy, his sword training, his time with the Knights of Ren conquering various worlds for the First Order, and of course the chase for the map. Improvisation might help Ren in battle, but this time SL Snoke would have to remind him again he needed to be a little bit more like Hux. Like the absolute minimal amount required, Ren translated that in his head. Today, he would try to be a little bit more like Hux. Today, he had a plan. The knock was loud enough to startle the tired Hux, who found himself reading over the same line at least five times without absorbing any information. Instinctively, he knew who it was, and the feeling was confirmed when the door slid open without him giving the order to. Ren looked very well rested for a change, Hux noted. Himself, not so much. Sleeping on a stretcher was terrible for his posture, yet he appeared perfect as always and even fully shaved and caffeinated. “Good day, General” Kylo Ren blurted, awkward, endearing, lovely. Hux swallowed and put his report down, dipping into all his energy to appear neutral and calm. Why me, he begged. Why me? “Kylo Ren,” Hux said with a chill to his voice that would freeze over a volcano, “have you ran out of things to destroy?” “No,” Kyo Ren said, immediately regretting his answer, and placed his helmet on Hux’ desk with a loud thud. “I want to speak to you about what happened.” Hux’ left eye twitched. “Oh, you want to talk about what happened after you trashed your room again?” “I didn’t come here to fill in a damage report,” Ren said, aggravated. Hux was supposed to work with his plan here. “I’m sorry, are damage reports uninteresting to the man who caused more damage than any Resistance rebel in the history of the First Order?” Ren felt hurt by how Hux was responding to his genuine effort to make up. Heck, even the fact that Ren himself was here should warrant at least a neutral greeting, and not a snarky one. He made a face at Hux before pulling out his damaged personal screen. Neither man was surprised he'd thrown it against a wall in a fit of rage. Before Hux could give his tired, cynical opinion of the crack on the screen, Ren pulled forward a report - or, the absence of one. “Tell me this is not about the Jakku girl,” Hux sighed. “You know it's not,” Ren said, and flicked through the hundreds of ‘classified’ screens. Finally, after hours, days of searching, he found the one thing in the First Order’s database he was not authorized to access. A secret. One he already knew he pried out of Hux weeks ago. A confirmation of the wildest truth. The General’s already pale face turned even paler when he realized he’d slipped up, but before he could react Ren Force-pushed his chair away from the desk and lifted him up in the air, only to be caught in a kiss instead of a Force-choke. Hux didn’t have the energy to resist. He wrapped his arms around Ren’s broad shoulders and for the first time in his entire life, he felt like home. When Ren released him, Hux knew what he was going to ask of him. As Ren caressed his face, he was very clear in what he wanted. “Show me the machine.” Chapter 6 : First Leap Chapter by Petesy Notes: Sorry for taking so long with the update, I was busy writing my KBB fic and its sequel! I will try my best to update weekly again! Now have fun watching a time traveling Kylo Ren fuck everything up even worse! When Ren finally woke up, it felt like a lifetime has passed, and the ice beneath him was cold. Stone cold. Kylo Ren, mighty warrior, laid draped on the Starkiller’s surface with faint beeping coming from the tracker in his belt. Warm blood slowly melted the snow around him, revealing the sharp stones underneath. His life flows away from him after Rey, the Jakku girl, tore into him in a final attempt to save her friend Finn. But he grasped for more than his life. Between his fingers slip the memories of before, of earlier, of when he experienced all this before. The pain too is familiar. In Ren’s clouded mind, he only saw Hux’ face, shocked. Do not under any circumstance touch that machine! he yelled, clutching his shoulder. Kylo Ren vaguely remembered pushing him away in a dazed moment before diving into the machine, the helmet fitting just as comfortably around his face as his own. Then, for what felt like ages, nothing. With a sharp jolt, Ren suddenly pushed upward, coughing up an entire mouthful of blood. Pain. Everything is pain, excruciating, all-consuming, yet familiar. He forced himself to sit upright just in time to see the world around him crumble to pieces. He feels Rey’s presence slip away from him at lightning speed - yet, he smiles. A maniacal grin with a taste of blood from the seared scar across his face. When the General finds Kylo Ren, the tall Knight is laughing maniacally. “You did it!” he pants, as the droids sweep him up on a stretcher, “your devious little machine did it... ” General Hux’s face turns as white as snow. “The machine…?” He tries to regain his posture, but Kylo Ren’s grip around his wrist is stronger. “When I heal,” Kylo Ren hisses, “you will take me to the machine again.” Hux quietly watches as the medical droid puts a breathing mask around Kylo Ren’s face, and a sinking feeling raises in his stomach. As Hux feels his life’s work tremble underneath him, ready to blow out at any given moment, he shakes the doubts and the anger away and joins Kylo Ren in the escape pod. Starkiller dies beneath him, yet Hux averts his eyes from the viewports, wanting to remember the great machine for what she was. He feels the shock wave of the final and inevitable explosion deep in his bones. The cigarette on his lips tremble, yet his hand remains calm in Kylo Ren’s. There is only one way the Knight would have known about the machine, about the project, and maybe even about Hux’ secret in all this. ~ The two weeks it took for Ren to fully heal felt like ages. Unlike his first experience of the events after the Starkiller’s demise, Hux did not check up on him once. It’s Kylo Ren who has to turn to his quarters, his face maimed and his arm still sore but healed enough for a determined knock on the General’s door. Hux didn’t look surprised, but something about him is off. He looked more tired than usual and he let Kylo Ren enter his quarters without protest. The tall Knight seated himself on the couch facing Hux’ desk, and removed his mask. Hux flinched ever so slightly, but Ren noticed. “It’s not permanent,” he said, also removing the mesh wrap keeping his dark curls in check. “I don’t think even the most advanced Medipods can remove a scar like that,” Hux replied meekly, but Ren knows that he knows what he means. When Hux realized this he only sighed, and uncharacteristically poured himself a glass of whatever poison he chose to indulge himself in during moments like this. Ren also noticed the bottle is half empty. Hux swirls his bright green drink around and keeps his eyes firmly away from Ren’s. The Knight waits, though - he is patient. He has quite literally, all the time in the world. “You will bring me to the machine,” Ren demanded after minutes of watching the General sip his drink, “and you will explain to me the exact working of this.” “You know I cannot do that,” Hux frowned, forcing his face into something other than extreme worry and annoyance over Ren’s prodding in the darkest business of the First Order. “Supreme Leader Snoke would kill me, you, and everyone else you’ve told abou the machine.” “So? I would go back again and chance it,” Ren responded, “does it matter?” Hux only rolled his eyes. “The true mystery here is why we don’t use it,” Ren rambled on, “why not go back and steal the map to Luke Skywalker from Lor San Tekka directly? Why not go back even further and prevent - ” “Do you think I have not already done that?” Hux snapped, a lot fiercer than Kylo Ren expected. “Do you think I have not already explored every possible outcome? You truly are a fool, Ren.” He bottoms his drink. “But if you insist, I will take you to the machine - again, apparently, for what horrible reason my alternative other has failed in keeping the machine a secret - ” Hux was not able to finish his sentence as Kylo Ren had taken two long steps and grabbed the drink from his hand. With a gentle touch he placed it back on the desk, yet his hands were locked firmly around Hux’ face. “Do you not remember?” he whispered, and smiled almost deviously as he watches his General’s cold eyes turn warm in his hands. He leaned forward, not to kiss him but to place his slightly sweaty forehead onto Hux’ - and showed him again. Fleeing to the extraction point. The crash. “Don’t ever try that again, you idiot. ” It flowed over Hux in waves and waves of memories that are too much to bear for one person. One mind that has already lived its life too many times, or at least these parts. One mind smart enough to develop the machine to reverse time itself - and then smart enough to hid it away on a planet with no name because the machine had cost him everything. Hux looked up into Ren’s dark brown eyes, and he cannot help but feel relieved he no longer needs to feel burdened by this secret alone. He thought this version of the universe would be one where he had to watch Ren from a distance, from behind the wall he needed to pull up between them so the secret would be safe. Ren read in his mind that he was more than relieved, happy even - to have Kylo Ren share his secret and maybe even love him a little bit again. “Show me,” Kylo Ren whispered before he kisses his General.