Disclaimer: I don't own these characters and am not profiting on Lucasfilm's IP in any way. This is innocent fandom fun. Darkness. The air was crisp and clear, and the blanket of stars above the island glittered like diamonds in the night. The full moon's beams drifted down from the heavens, illuminating the rising tide of which the moon was master and the expanse of waves that stretched out to the horizon in every direction. The earth was damp and grassy beneath his feet. It was a strange, lonely world and the hypnotic ocean waves nearly made him forget that other beings existed in this universe at all. He blinked, pulling his attention away from the abyss before him. Over his right shoulder, he could see a towering stone structure up the hill. The moonlight glinted off the hillside, revealing a steep, stone stairway that ascended to the island's peak in the night. There was no sound, save for that of wave crests breaking against the cliffs. But there, nestled in the side of the high ground was a light. It held a deep ember glow and flickered in the night, casting long shadows that danced across the hillside. Fire. There was someone else here. It was a presence he knew- and one he longed to forget. He could sense the power emanating from the cave in the hillside and he wasn't fooled by its tranquil, uniform frequency. It was a power that had never seen its full potential; a power that had never been fully unleashed. And for that reason, he resented it. Luke Skywalker. The name left a bitter taste on the tip of his tongue. And yet, he suddenly felt a prickle at the base of his spine. He took a step backwards, away from the cave. Away from the light. But still, the further he backed away from it, the more the shadows seemed to reach out to him as if they were welcoming him inside. He could feel his pulse accelerating in his chest and his blood was beginning to thunder through his veins. What was he doing here? A crackling noise exploded through the room as Kylo Ren shot up in bed, lightsaber in hand. His forehead was damp with sweat and the red glow of the saber illuminated dark circles under his eyes that were the result of many sleepless nights. He paused, trying to ignore the nausea that had welled within him at the feeling of his uncle's presence. "Why is this happening to me?" He whispered to himself, catching his breath. He looked around the room, seeing nothing but the sterile, minimalist furniture of the ship's quarters. He exhaled and collapsed his weapon, but his tight grip on the handle remained. Day and night didn't exist in space, but his biological clock told him he'd awoken several hours early. He was no stranger to the nightmares, but this one had been different. It had been three months since that night on Starkiller Base and every night they came. Her mind had infected him. It was the same scene he had pulled from her memories- memories of dreams she forced upon herself at night when she was desperate, desperate to escape her menial existence on that backwater world. Always, he saw the island. Most of the time, he was standing at its rocky shores. Sometimes it was day and sometimes it was night, but the expanse of the ocean and the emerald green hills of the archipelago remained the same. Never before had he sensed Luke's presence. Kylo Ren swung himself out of bed, pushing back his starched sheets and keeping his lightsaber in hand. He would sleep no more this night. He wore simple black trousers and a black tunic shirt, but he needed to get dressed. It was cold on the ship, which only added to the tense and uninviting atmosphere of the place. The First Order was in bad shape and everybody knew it. The sentiment hung in the air between words, lingered in the hallways of the starship and he could sense it lurking in the minds of his subordinates. Still, they had been well-conditioned and had undergone several additional and intensive trainings since the FN-2187 disaster. Captain Phasma had seen to that. Ren paused from lacing up his boot and reached for his lightsaber, igniting the blade once more. His lips curled in disgust. FN-2187. He could see the traitor's face clearly in his mind against the backdrop of the snowy forest. He still remembered the sensation of ripping his blade across the traitor's back, and the way his body collapsed to the forest floor where it belonged. He remembered the way the traitor had run to the girl, cradling her unconscious body to him as if somehow his feelings for her could save him. As if he stood a chance. Ren's hand was shaking, causing the jagged, unstable blade to shudder more than usual. He stood up and began pacing around his room with an unholy spring in his step. The saber hummed as he walked back and forth in the tiny quarters in a desperate attempt to shake off the nausea. Still, there was a well of excitement growing within him. The blade collapsed. He'd been too disturbed by the notion that he'd been somehow poisoned by the girl before to notice it. His resentment towards his own weakness had blinded him. And yet, there was something else. The girl was strong with the Force. It called to her, reached out to her just as it had come to him in a dream the night before the raid on Jakku. He'd thought nothing of it at the time- thought nothing of his visions of a scavenger girl, living on scraps in the desert like a rat. And yet, he'd almost made the same mistake twice. She had been dreaming of Luke Skywalker, he realized. He gritted his teeth together in disgust at the thought. The island was more than an escapist tactic. It was her future. He latched his cape around his shoulders and reached for his helmet, and his distinctive features disappeared behind the veil of the mask. A button on the wall opened the door to his quarters and he stalked out into the hallway with his hands balled into fists. He scowled when he walked past Hux's door. The general probably looked just as smug and full of himself when he was sleeping. The hallway was lined with windows to the vacuum outside and they provided a view of the small, rocky planet that the starship was orbiting. Thides-4 was the name of it. It was a barren, desolate world in the bowels of the Outer Rim that was home to the scourge of the Galaxy. Empire sympathizers had fled to this system upon the imperial collapse, and now what remained of the First Order had flocked to the system to reorganize. The planet's orbit was large and it existed just on the edge of the star's habitable zone. Its population lived under the permafrost ground, closer to the core of the planet where it was warmer. Ren paced down the empty hallway, passing several patrolling Stormtroopers that seemed to step ever so slightly out of his way as he walked. He shook his head, having finally rid himself of the lingering feeling Luke Skywalker's presence had left on him. But to his irritation, he couldn't stop thinking about the girl's insolent face. The way she'd scowled at him from the interrogation chair, calling him a creature in a mask as if he were nothing more than some primitive beast. The defiance in her eyes when she'd pushed back against his abilities haunted him. She'd seen his innermost fear, something he could hardly admit to himself, and he hated her for it. He would find her. She'd bested him once, but he wouldn't let it happen again. She hadn't been careful enough with her thoughts this time and she would regret it. Suddenly, a lump formed in his throat as something occurred to him. It had been months since she'd seen the map to Luke Skywalker. Surely, she'd found him by now. It wasn't her future he was seeing at night. He was seeing her present thoughts . No matter, he told himself. The issue would be resolved soon enough. "Ah, Kylo Ren," a haggard voice interrupted his internal frustrations. "Supreme Leader," Ren replied, nodding his head briefly in respect. "I've discovered some insight into the whereabouts of Luke Skywalker." Ren was tall, but Snoke had a foot on him. He was flanked by Stormtroopers on either side, but that wasn't unusual. It was common for them to escort him as he moved about the ship. His battered expression turned to one of piqued interest at Ren's words and he waved a frail, ancient hand indicating that Ren continue. "I believe him to be hiding on a remote island, on an oceanic planet. The girl is with him." "How did you come by this information?" Snoke inquired, stepping forward and examining Ren who remained silent. "Ah, yes. Your abilities continue to impress me. How will we locate this 'oceanic planet', as you've called it?" "I've seen the stars in its skies. I will use this to map the location and leave within the hour," Ren answered in a level and robotic voice. "No," Snoke countered. "You will stay here. Your training is your focus, Ren. You will inform Captain Phasma of the planet's location, and then you will report back to me. Captain Phasma will ensure that our intentions are carried out." "Sir," the silver Stormtrooper replied, stepping forward from the shadows. Ren hadn't noticed her there. She was a loyal, dependable servant of the Order for whom he had much respect. She, unlike Hux, did not try to undermine him. She did as she was told. Still, Ren frowned beneath his mask at his superior's command. "Sir?" He replied, cocking his head ever so slightly. It had been his mission for many months now to discover the whereabouts of Luke Skywalker. Surely he would be the one to see the mission through to completion. "You have your orders, Ren," the Supreme Leader answered, dismissing him. Then he turned to Phasma. "See that Skywalker is destroyed, but bring the girl to me. I want her unharmed. If she is as powerful as Ren says," he paused, "she will be a very useful disciple." And then he was on his way, leaving the two alone. Kylo Ren felt something coil in his stomach at the Supreme Leader's words. Something almost like concern, but he denied it. He needed to trust in Snoke's wisdom. His uncle was an enemy of the Order and deserved the execution that was coming. As for the girl , he thought. She won't come peacefully. It didn't matter to him. If she wanted to die for her heretical cause, so be it. Chapter 2 Solitude. Rey was deep in meditation, and although she sensed Luke's presence, she was in a faraway world all her own behind her closed eyelids. She was at peace. Her focus was on her staff- the one she'd carried with her from Jakku. It was now rotating in a mechanical fashion above her head. She'd been practicing moving objects with the Force for some time now. After all, she'd been here just over three months. She'd started small, practicing with small pebbles outside the temple and little twigs she found in the grass. She'd gotten the hang of it early on and was learning quickly. She was eager to move on to larger things, like R2 for example. The corners of her lips turned upward with a hint of a smile at the thought of R2's buttons lighting up as she levitated the droid off the ground. She'd even heard rumors that once a Jedi had used the Force to exhume an entire ship from the depths of a swamp. But Luke was taking his time with her. Almost as if he were hesitating. She remembered Han's words when she'd first boarded the Millenium Falcon. Her heart sank to think of him now. It was even more devastating to think of how he'd spoken of a boy, a boy she now believed to be his own son that had turned against Luke, destroying the Jedi's faith in his ability to train a new generation. In the end, the boy had turned against Han as well. A boy who now called himself Kylo Ren. Suddenly, an image of a red, ragged lightsaber sliced into her thoughts and she shuddered. The staff crashed to the ground and her eyes snapped open. "Rey," Luke's voice commanded. She turned to him, embarrassed by her sudden lack of concentration. Mentally, she reprimanded herself. It wasn't the first time this had happened. It was raining again on Ach-to. Rey could hear the pitter patter of the droplets on the roof of the stone temple. She was sitting on the ground with her legs crossed, and Luke was leaning against the stony wall of the temple on the other side of the room. He was looking out at the grassy slopes of the island below, but she knew what he was sensing was her fear. "A Jedi encounters many battles in their lifetime," he continued. "Jedi are keepers of the peace, but the Sith are not. Only when you've let go of your fear will you be able to defend yourself and others against the ways of the Dark Side." "I thought you said Kylo Ren wasn't a Sith," Rey replied, wrinkling her nose. "Not yet," was his stony reply. "I'm not afraid," she added after a pause. It was half-true. She often re-lived that night on Starkiller Base, reflecting on how natural the lightsaber had felt in her hands and how raw, yet surprisingly effective her technique had been. It was like she'd been asleep all her life, waiting for that moment. "Fear is natural," Luke answered, turning to look at her with his arms crossed over his chest. "It lives in all of us. But only after you learn to let go of it, to put your trust in the Force- only then can you become a master of the Jedi ways." She considered his words. The danger she feared wasn't physical. She wasn't afraid to cross swords with Kylo Ren; in fact, after what he'd done to Han Solo, she yearned for it. She was afraid of herself. She was afraid of the way he'd looked on his back in the snow, bleeding from his face and how it wasn't enough. It would have been so easy to finish the job. When she thought of Han Solo, falling lifeless from the bridge and Finn, face-down in the snow, she wished she'd done it. But then she would remember the rage she'd felt creeping up her spine and the voice in her head that seemed to whisper, do it . She was afraid of the Dark Side. What if that voice had been just the beginning? What if next time, she couldn't say no? "I'm confident in you, Rey," Luke interrupted her thoughts. She recoiled into herself, wondering if he had been able to sense what she was thinking. "If I didn't believe in your ability to master your emotions, I wouldn't have agreed to train you." She nodded, biting down hard on her lip. He had a point. Jakku was a cutthroat world, and yet she'd made it out in one piece- emotionally and physically. She'd never killed anybody. Unkar Plutt favored her and if she'd desired it, she could have followed in his footsteps. But she was better than that sort of deceitful, murderous life. She didn't want it. She still knew nothing of who her parents were or where she'd come from. Luke steered her away from personal topics whenever she came close to bringing it up. That life was behind her now, he told her. She had to let go of such attachments. "I'm an old man now, Rey," he muttered. "The Force brought you here for a reason. We have to trust it." She nodded, standing up and brushing the dirt off her sand-colored pants. She wondered how much longer they would stay on Ach-to at the ancient Jedi temple. It was a tiny island, with even smaller islands surrounding it and she was beginning to feel stir crazy. Her thoughts drifted back to the Resistance; back to Finn and General Organa. Sometimes, she found herself worrying that Finn hadn't survived his wounds from Starkiller Base, but her feelings told her otherwise. She wondered where he was now and if she and Luke would return to the Resistance anytime soon. A new lightsaber hung from her utility belt. Luke had taught her how to craft it using one of the Kyber Crystals that grew in the cave beneath the temple. The crystals were a rarity, he'd told her, but it was tradition for each new Jedi to craft their own lightsaber. She'd chosen a green one. Her lightsaber had a double blade, much like the staff she was so accustomed to carrying. She hadn't been able to use it much yet, but she knew it wouldn't be long before she had real experience with it. For better or worse. She joined Luke at the entrance to the temple. The Millenium Falcon was docked on the edge of one of the cliffs. She could see its metal hull glinting on the other side of a hill. Chewbacca spent most of his time there, tinkering with valves and drives. She suspected he was busying himself to keep his mind off of Han, so she left him alone. Suddenly, Luke's head snapped up and he looked at Rey with a face full of alarm. She sensed it, too. Her senses were duller than his, but that didn't mask the oppressive presence of First Order fighters. They weren't here just yet, but they would be soon. She didn't know how many. It was like their presence had materialized out of thin air, and when she thought about the mechanisms of inter-planetary travel, she realized they probably had. Luke took off down the hillside and she jerked her hood over her head and followed him into the rain. "How did they find us here?" She shouted to him. He didn't answer. He was fast for an old man. Chewbacca was sitting in the co-pilot seat when they approached and Rey could see that he was tinkering with a wrench. His mouth opened in a grin when he saw them, but then contorted into a twisted look of concern when he noticed the way they were running towards him. He immediately let the ramp down. Just as he did so, Rey noticed a fleet of cruisers descending through the rainy haze. "Chewbacca, fire up the engines!" Luke shouted from outside. "We need to get out of here as fast as we can!" She couldn't hear the Wookie's groan, but she saw his mouth widen in distress. Suddenly, the whine of TIE fighters reached her ears. Just as Luke reached the ramp of the ship, one of the fighters delivered a critical blast to the hull of the Falcon. One of the cruisers was setting down behind her and she could see its hull open to unleash a unit of Stormtroopers from her peripherals. Luke ignited his lightsaber and she followed suit, furrowing her brow as green bursts of energy shot out from either end of its hilt. Another blast landed on the falcon and Rey was suddenly hit by the scent of smoke. The troopers were marching towards them, blasters in hand. She was ready for them. She closed her eyes, centering her breath and focus. She could hear the Falcon's faltering engines behind her and she knew they were in trouble. Then the shots came. "Rey, stay close!" Luke shouted as several blaster shots bounced off his blade, deflecting back towards their origins. It was then she noticed that they were only firing at Luke. She frowned in confusion, then deepened her stance and ran to Luke's side. The Force guided her blades as she spun the saber around, slicing through shots in mid-air and re-routing them back to her foes. She countered every shot in her radius with unfailing accuracy, but to her horror she could see another cruiser setting down on the island behind the other one. It unleashed a second unit of Stormtroopers. There were too many of them. At some point, Chewbacca came out of the cockpit and started firing into the masses of white armor, but Rey wasn't paying attention to anything other than each individual blaster shot as it approached her. Her focus was steadfast. Luke had trained her well. But the troopers were closing in. They were all around them now. One came at her from the side and she answered him with a lightsaber to the ribs. Another lunged at her from the front, but she kicked him square in the chest and brought her blade down swiftly on his shoulder before he could do any damage. But one shot managed to evade her defense. It cut right through the back of her hand, flinging the lightsaber from her grip and off to the side. She fell to her knees in pain, clutching her wrist and staring at the hole that had been punched straight through her palm. She let her guard down. Rey looked up just in time to see a thick, staff-like weapon falling on her head. The light evaporated and she collapsed into unconsciousness. Author's Note: Thank you for reading! Let me know what you think. I'm trying my best to keep this as realistic as possible. I want it to be a realistic Reylo headcanon. Chapter 3 The sound of a blast door opening startled Rey from her shallow sleep. She was in a holding cell with glass walls. On the other side, two Stormtroopers appeared through the blast opening. Their weapons were pointed at her and she couldn't help but scoff. It was then that she noticed the apparatus that was strapped to her arm, and the fact that her hands were handcuffed together at her waist by cruel, shiny steel. The apparatus wove around her forearm, belted into place with a small sensor on its surface. A medical vile containing a clear solution was embedded in the device and up near the crook of her elbow, she noticed that a needle was sticking into her skin. They were drugging her. She instantly struggled with her hands, trying to maneuver in such a way that would allow her to remove the needle from her veins, but the resulting effect was merely a spike of pain under her skin where the needle had been lodged forward at an odd angle. "Don't try it, kid," the Stormtrooper barked, pointing a remote at her cell. Within an instant, Rey felt a warm fuzziness overcome her and she had only a vague understanding that the drug had been re-administered to her system. It was only after she had been sufficiently incapacitated that they opted to enter her cell. If she had been thinking clearly, she could have unlocked her handcuffs using the Force. But her mind was a cloud of fog. One of the Stormtroopers kept his blaster trained on her head while the other hoisted her off the cell's cot to her feet. She grimaced in pain from the roughness of his grip, but she didn't make a sound. "Try anything stupid and I have orders to neutralize you," the Stormtrooper that held her warned. She tilted her chin upwards, looking into his mask with unfocused eyes. Despite her current state, he seemed to withdraw from her as if he were afraid. She didn't have the energy to fight. Instead, she let them escort her out of her cell and through the blast doors. Where is Luke? She thought suddenly, her head snapping up as adrenaline flooded her Stormtrooper that held the blaster to her tapped her on the shoulder with the remote to remind her that the drug could be re-administered at any moment. She shot him a dirty look, but then his comrade shoved her forward and started steering her down a long, dark hallway. They were on a ship. She had no idea where. No idea what system she was in, how long she'd been unconscious or what had happened to her friends. The thought seemed to punch her in the gut. For the first time since waking up, she felt afraid. Calm down, Rey , she told herself. It felt like it had been minutes ago that she and Luke were discussing the very fear that plagued her now. She needed to get a handle on herself if she was going to succeed in getting out of here- wherever here was. Despite all the open questions, one thing was certain: she was a prisoner of the First Order. Her clarity was returning to her. The Stormtroopers hadn't felt the need to trigger the drug and her mind began to spin with recent memories of the First Order's arrival on Ach-to. It felt like a dream. Had they really found her? How had they known where she was? She noticed her breathing becoming more rapid and she inhaled a deep breath to calm down. "There is no emotion, there is peace," she whispered under her breath as she tried to focus her feelings. Slowly, the fear started to dissipate until she felt as if it had never been there at all. "What was that?" Her captive barked, nudging her forward with his blaster. He didn't wait for a response. "I promise you won't like whatever the Supreme Leader has in store for you." Supreme Leader ? She pondered. She had no idea who he was talking about. She also had had no idea that Stormtroopers could be so rude. She'd seen better manners on Jakku. She didn't have to wait long to find out. A moment later, they arrived at a large blast opening that was flanked by Stormtroopers on either side. "The prisoner?" One of them grunted, nodding towards Rey. So this had been Finn's life, she thought. Before he'd fallen from grace and found her on Jakku. It was strange to think of him standing at attention, hiding his humanity beneath a suit of white armor. Those helmets made them look more like ghosts than men. "Supreme Leader Snoke will see you now," the other guard instructed, opening the door for her entourage. She could never have anticipated what she saw when it opened. They were standing at the entry to a massive room with flyaway ceilings. She hadn't realized she was being held captive on such an enormous ship. Starlight trickled in through the arched windows, but for the most part the room was dark. There were Stormtroopers and officers in military garb in the shadowy periphery along the walls, but they were speaking in hushed voices and she couldn't make out what they were saying. Then something drew her attention. At the far end of the room, there was a white light with an opaque glow that was being cast on a figure in a chair. It was more of a throne, really- the way it rose several feet beyond the top of the figure's hairless head and the way the armrests jutted forward like they had been built to carry silver platters. The Supreme Leader, they'd said. What did he want with her? Revenge, for the destruction of his military base? The base she now knew had been responsible for the death of several planets and their inhabitants? Her brow furrowed in confusion. If that were the case, then why not go after the Resistance in its entirety? Surely her dying on Ach-to would have sufficed. She tried not to let her thoughts wander to Luke and Chewy and R2, but her mind betrayed her. What had become of them? "The girl I've been so anxious to meet," the figure called out to her as her captives pushed her forward. His voice was deep and hollow, with a bitter sort of edge to it. The closer she got to him, the more clearly she could see his face. It was ancient and mangled, like he'd seen many battles from many different eras. His lips sat at an odd angle when he spoke as if his mouth had been badly scarred. He was tall and thin as a wraith. He was sitting on the edge of his seat as if he'd really meant what he said and the way his spidery fingers clutched the ends of the armrests caused a lump to form in her throat. She didn't want to be any nearer to him than she already was. The Stormtroopers brought her within three feet of his throne before he waved them away so that he could examine her, though Rey knew they hadn't gone far. Up close, the Supreme Leader looked even frailer. His eyes were gray slits beneath hooded eyelids and his skin was as pale as a full moon in Jakku's desert sky. She thought it might crumble into dust if she touched it. "The scavenger," he sighed with a wheezy breath. "We meet at last." Rey shuddered. That was the second time he'd mentioned wanting to meet her. How did he know who she was? And what did he want with her? "How do you know who I am?" She challenged. The cackle that erupted from his lungs sent a chill racing down her spine. "It seems my subordinates may not have been as… welcoming as I would have liked," he cooed in response. Rey hated playing games. She was about to open her mouth, but the Supreme Leader became suddenly distracted by the sound of the blast door opening behind Rey's back and he craned his neck over her shoulder to see who had entered. "Ah, perfect timing," he bellowed. "Kylo Ren." Rey froze. It made sense that she would encounter him sooner or later, but the thought hadn't crossed her mind until now. Idiot, she reprimanded herself. She wasn't prepared to face him. She could hear his footfalls echoing off the walls of the chamber as he approached, but she didn't dare turn around. She refused to look at him. When he finally appeared in her peripherals, he came to stand at Snoke's side without saying a word. "And what is it you've been doing all this time that we've been searching for you?" Snoke inquired, leaning further forward in his chair. His tone was amicable on the surface, but Rey sensed a current of cold calculation just beneath his ancient façade. She swore she saw Kylo Ren's head tilt ever so slightly in her direction, though she tried her best to ignore him. He was wearing his mask, but she couldn't shake the feeling that his gaze was on her, boring into her very soul. She was at a disadvantage. "Camping," Rey quipped. "I was enjoying the seaside." Snoke reached into one of the pockets of his long, black robe and what he pulled out made Rey squirm. He was holding her lightsaber. "A little too much, it seems," Snoke replied. Rey glared at him. She was at a loss for words. Moreover, she hated the knowledge that everyone in the room seemed to be wearing a mask while her humiliation was on display for the entire First Order. She could feel Ren's eyes still on her and for the first time since he'd entered, she acknowledged his presence. Her gaze flickered to him for one curious moment, but then she immediately looked away. "I suppose you won't be giving that to me," she snapped at Snoke. A wicked grin split across his disfigured mouth. "Oh, quite the contrary, young prisoner. In due time," he added. "In the meantime, Kylo Ren will see that you feel welcomed aboard." Rey squared her shoulders and lifted her chin, determined not to be intimidated. There is no emotion, there is peace , she repeated in her mind. To her dismay, her eyes wandered once more to Kylo Ren. He appeared to be looking at her through the black veil of his mask, with his head cocked slightly to the side. A feeling of insecurity swept over Rey and she called on the Force to sturdy her mind against him. She needed to be more careful about letting her guard down. "Ren, see to it that our guest is adequately prepared for her training. You will keep her close for the duration of her stay. She has much to learn from you," the Supreme Leader concluded. It seemed as if those last words required all of his remaining energy. "Yes, Supreme Leader," Kylo Ren replied in his polyphonic voice. It startled Rey to hear him speak. Then, he took his leave from his leader's side and headed towards the door, passing Rey in uncomfortably close proximity. He paused, glancing over his shoulder to see if she was following him. But Rey was looking at Snoke's pocket, gauging whether or not she would be able to release herself from her shackles in time to call the lightsaber to her hand. "Don't try it," Snoke coughed, catching her gaze. "There is more than one way for me to skin a cat, you know." Rey grimaced, not wanting to know what he meant. She conceded defeat for the time being. She would strike, but she would wait until she wasn't in a room full of armed Stormtroopers and First Order officers. So instead, she turned to see that Ren was waiting for her and she shifted her eyes to the floor to follow him out of the room. She was able to ignore the onlookers that leered at her as she passed, but she still found herself relieved to be back in the empty hallway and away from stifling air of Snoke's throne room. However, the air that now hung between herself and Kylo Ren was just as thick. She followed a few steps behind him and couldn't help noticing that he was flexing the fingers of his left hand, curling them into a fist and then uncurling them repeatedly. He was on edge. "What does he want with me?" Rey questioned, quickening her pace to keep up with the cloaked figure. He didn't reply. "What does he mean by 'my training'?" She demanded as they rounded a corner, passing several tall windows that revealed a breathtaking view of the planet they were orbiting. Again, Ren didn't answer. "Am I to become like you?" She challenged, her words like daggers. "His puppet?" He stopped dead in his tracks. She noticed his right hand twitch as if he were about to reach for his lightsaber. Instead, he pivoted around and backed her into the corner of the corridor. He leaned forward, his mask inches from her face. His voice was cold and robotic when he spoke. "I don't know what fairytales Luke Skywalker has used to poison your mind, but his sentiments are unwelcome here." Rey's eyes widened. Her back was pressed against the wall and she could almost taste the rage that was emanating from him. He stared at her for a tense moment that seemed to go on forever. And then he stepped away. He opened a door in the wall that she hadn't noticed before. Now that she examined her surroundings, she realized he had led her to the ship's dormitory. The hallway was lined with small doors that she assumed all led to personal quarters. "This is where you'll sleep," he gestured, directing her to go inside. "It's where you'll stay unless you're summoned. When you're summoned, either I or someone else will come to retrieve you. You won't be coming and going as you please." She took a timid step forward, peering into the room through the open door. It didn't look much different from the jail cell she'd been sleeping in not long ago. She was grateful for the solid walls, however. She hesitated to go inside, unsure of how long it would be before she would be permitted to come back out again. Slowly, she shifted her eyes from the room to the black veil of the hollow mask that stared at her. She sensed that he was starting to feel impatient. "And how long," she began, "…will it be? Before I'm allowed to come back out again?" He stepped towards her, causing her to stumble backwards over the threshold of the room. "It matters not to me," he replied. Then he closed the door from the outside, and Rey was alone. Author's Note: Thanks for the read, everybody! Chapter 4 Rey woke just as angry as she'd been when she fell asleep. Her quarters were little more than a nook in the wall. The metallic design of the interior made her feel as though she couldn't breathe and that she was nothing more than an animal trapped in a cage. It was a drastic change from the rolling emerald hills and salty sea air of Ach-to. The short breaths she was able to catch felt stale and recycled in her lungs. She hated the First Order. They'd suffered a major blow at Starkiller Base, but their sinister chokehold on the Galaxy was far from gone. She hated the Stormtroopers and their cruel obedience. She hated their officers with their tongues whose accents spoke of a time when peace and hope were more than just a whisper of an era long gone. And then there was him. "It matters not to me," Rey mocked aloud, each word dripping with scorn. She wrapped her arms around the square pillow she'd been provided and screamed into its fabric. She didn't think she would be able to refrain from striking him next time she saw him. His formal way of speaking and cordial manners didn't fool her. He was so arrogant . And the way his cloaked form hummed with an energy barely contained- it frightened her. It frightened her to think of what nefarious thoughts and plots were motivating that spring in his step. But he was fearful, too. She'd seen that for herself the last time they'd met. Mask or not, she saw through him. Rey's stomach twisted into a strange knot at the thought. The last time they'd met, he hadn't been wearing his mask. In a spiral of light, her blade had bitten through his prominent nose and pale, smooth skin. The memory was fresh in her mind. Him lying there on his back in the snow, bleeding and battered with his dark eyes staring up at her, waiting for her to finish him off. She felt somehow unnerved, thinking about his simmering gaze. The way his eyes had glittered with rage and vitality all at once. Even with his mask on, she could sense when he was watching her and it made her feel like prey in his talons. In effect, she was , she realized as she looked about the room. He'd given no indication as to when she'd next see the light of day. Looking down, she realized the tranquilizing apparatus was still strapped to her arm and her hands were still in cuffs. She closed her eyes and focused on the lock, sensing its form and willing it to unhinge. At first, there was no response. She sat in dead silence in her quarters, breathing deeply and focusing her thoughts on the locking mechanism. After a moment, she heard the faintest rattling noise. Click . The door to her cell unlatched, breaking her concentration and causing her to open her eyes. When she did, she saw that two Stormtroopers were waiting for her in the entryway. One of them was carrying a tray of food and the other was standing with his blaster pointed towards her. She wondered if they were the same ones from earlier. The Stormtrooper holding the tray placed it on the floor and kicked it over to her with his foot. Rey raised an eyebrow, eyeing the bowl of gruel that they'd brought to her. There was a roll on the tray as well, not unlike the kind she'd purchased with her findings back on Jakku. "Am I expected to eat that?" She questioned. She was undeniably starving and this was prime rib compared to some of the scraps she'd eaten to sustain herself on Jakku, but she wouldn't give in so easily to their demands. "Snoke's orders," he grunted. "I see," she replied. Then she gave the tray a swift kick and watched it slide back to where he stood. "Listen, girl," the other one growled, stepping forward with his blaster. "You're going to eat your dinner and then you're going to wash your desert mange off in the shower." Shower? Her ears perked up. She knew what a shower was, but she'd never used one. Not a real one, anyway. On Jakku, she'd settled for bathing in the happabores' watering holes and she'd found a nice waterfall on Ach-to that could almost pass for a shower. But never before had she experienced the soap and heat and steam. "Not hungry?" The first Stormtrooper inquired. Without waiting for a response, he lunged forward and grabbed Rey by the cuffs. "Fine. You can starve." Suddenly, a haze descended onto Rey's mind and her thoughts became distant echoes on a warm breeze. They'd activated the drugging sequence to incapacitate her again. Then the Stormtroopers hoisted her to her feet again and led her out of the room, mumbling something about their leader. They didn't take her far. It appeared to be that her confinement space was one of many Stormtrooper dorms, converted into a prison space for her stay. The effects of the drug didn't last long and by the time they'd reached the end of the hallway, her head was beginning to clear. They arrived in a sterile, white room with faucets lining the walls and drains patterned along the tile floor underneath them. It was not the shower Rey had been expecting. A man emerged from behind a wall on the other side of the room wearing boxers and a white t-shirt. His damp hair looked freshly cut, close to his skin and high above his ears. He was a Stormtrooper. Rey's eyes widened in surprise. She'd never seen Finn in his armor, so it wasn't strange to see him without it. But now she knew she was looking upon the face of an obedient First Order troop and she found it unsettling, because he had the face of a man. "Clean yourself up," one of her captors ordered, kicking her forward. She stumbled, taking a moment to catch her balance due to her handcuffs. "Now?" She retorted, alarmed. "Filthy desert rat," the other one seethed, lunging towards her and ripping off her sleeve. He backed her into the wall and reached for the shower faucet, and before Rey knew what was going on, steaming hot water was pouring down on her head. "Don't touch me," she grimaced through gritted teeth. Then she lifted her foot and gave the soldier a solid kick square in the chest. He stumbled towards her, but the man in the t-shirt was already upon her and tearing at her clothes. The third one pinned her arms to the wall. "She's a fighter," a cocky voice cooed in her ear. "Let me go !" She screamed, loosening an arm from the soldier's grasp and managing to land a haymaker on the unclad soldier's jaw. Her knuckles stung where they'd collided with his bone. Suddenly, someone threw her head backwards against the shower wall and her vision became unfocused. "Gentlemen!" A voice cried out. "What the bloody hell is going on in here?" Immediately, the soldiers stopped what they were doing and stood at attention. None of them spoke a word. Rey's vision stabilized again and she saw the man whom the voice belonged to. He was of medium build, with fiery red hair and ivory skin. His features were sharp and his watery blue eyes were trained on her like a hawk. Judging by the grey uniform he wore and the medals strewn across his shoulders, he was high in the ranks. "General Hux," one of the troopers responded. "We were just seeing that the prisoner had her bath." Hux didn't look at the trooper. His eyes were fixated on Rey. His eyes trailed from her face, down to her neck and collarbones and lingered for a moment on her chest. She withdrew into herself under his gaze, feeling suddenly self-conscious about the way her wet clothes clung to her body. "Well, what do we have here?" He noted to himself. A vile grin was tugging at the corners of his mouth. Rey hardened her features, staring back at him with unbridled defiance. Her hands were balled into fists at her sides and she could taste blood flowing over her tongue from how hard she was biting her cheek to refrain from speaking. "She's a real pistol, hm?" He asked to no one in particular. Then he reached up and cupped her chin between his fingers, turning her head towards him. "Don't touch me," Rey spat, watching droplets of moisture fly from her mouth and land on his face. He scowled, reaching up to wipe the spit away with his free hand and he tightened his grip on her chin with the other. "This is my ship," he barked, his expression contorted. Then he leaned in closer to her throat, whispering in her ear, "and its inhabitants will do as I say." Bile rose up into Rey's throat at the sound of his implications, and for the first time since boarding the ship, she was truly afraid. It took all the concentration she had to keep her skin from trembling under his grip. "General Hux," a cold and calculated voice called from the other side of the room. Rey's eyes widened. It was Kylo Ren, standing at the entrance of the shower room. "Ah, Ren," Hux replied. "You're just in time to join the fun." Rey couldn't tell if he was looking at her or not and he was silent for a moment before speaking. "I would think that a man in your position should have more professional matters to attend to," Ren replied. His tone was cool and collected, but Rey could sense the edge in his words. Hux's posture stiffened and Rey felt that the animosity and tension between them could be cut with a knife. "You're perfectly right, Ren. I'll leave her in your hands, then, since you've not much else to do. See to it that she's comfortable," Hux snapped. With that, he folded his hands behind his back and stalked out of the room. The Stormtroopers followed suit in a tepid fashion and Rey swore they veered as far away from Ren as possible as they left. They were alone. He was looking at her without saying a word. She felt her cheeks flush with heat under his gaze and her arms instinctively crossed over her chest in an effort to cover herself. How much had he been able to see? He grabbed one of the linens from their rack on the wall and tossed it to her. She barely managed to catch it with the steel handcuffs still around her wrists. "Come out when you're done. Nobody will come in," he said. To Rey's shock, he lifted a hand in her direction in a single wave and the handcuffs fell from her wrists. Then he gave her a curt nod and turned around, closing the door behind him. Rey blinked. She felt suddenly light-headed and attributed it to the steam in the room. The scavenger hesitated before removing the rest of her clothes, folding them in a neat pile on the floor. The shower was even more divine than she'd anticipated. The water was hot and cleansing on her skin and she sighed in relief as it drenched her, cleansing her skin from the general's unsavory touch. Her brow furrowed in thought. Why had he stopped them? She was grateful he had, but what was his motivation? It made her feel uneasy. When she finished showering, she dried herself off with the linen and rung out her dampened clothes before pulling the tunic back over her head. Her wet hair hung in her face, free of its typical three-bun fashion. It fell to her shoulders and took on a spiraled, wavy form. When she stepped outside, Kylo Ren was waiting for her. "You take your time," he commented. "It's a wonder there was any water left ." Rey frowned, unsure of how to receive his remarks. Was he making a joke? He turned on his heel without waiting for a response from her and she followed after him, shooting a quizzical glance over her shoulder towards the handcuffs that still lay on the floor of the shower room. When they arrived at her room, he gestured her inside. To her surprise, however, he stepped in after her- allowing the door to close behind him. He took a step towards her. Rey immediately drew back from him with scene from the shower fresh in her mind. He paused and looked down at the tray of food that lay at his feet. "Is this yours?" He questioned, tilting his head. "I'm not hungry," she managed, looking into the eyeless void of the mask. A pause. Then he took another step towards her. The room was so small that he had her backed into a corner. There was nowhere else for her to go. But what he did next was not what she was expecting. Instead, he took her arm in his hands and lifted a finger to the device that contained the inhibiting solution. He punched in an access code and Rey heard a lock unhinge. Slowly, Ren peeled back the transparent bandage under which the needle sat. Rey's breath caught in her throat. His mask was inches from her face. Then he gripped the needle in between his fingers and slowly guided it out of her vein. Rey winced from the sharp sensation of it leaving her arm, but was filled with relief when it was gone. She watched him wrap the device in his hands and turn his back towards her, heading for the exit. He stepped over the tray on his way out, turning once to look back at her. "I'll send a droid to clean up the mess," he added. Then he was gone, and Rey was left dumbstruck and alone in her quarters for the second night in a row. Author's note: How am I doing, guys? Do the characters seem realistic? Is it moving too slow? I'd love to know your thoughts! Also feel free to check out my profile for a link to my Tumblr if you're interested. Chapter 5 He tossed the medical device in a wastebin on the way back to his quarters. His footfalls were heavy on the cold, onyx floor and his pace was brisk. It was a good thing that there was no one in sight, or else he might have struck them down in his rage. How often had they been drugging her? The longer he thought about it, the angrier he became at the idea of them attempting to tamper with her abilities. He needed to be alone. When he arrived at his quarters, he pulled his cloak from his shoulders and hung it on a hook by the door. Then he sat down on the sofa, falling backwards into its cushions and letting his body slump. His quarters were modest. There was a small dining table in the corner so that he could take meals privately- which he always did. The furniture was sparse. There was a sofa, an armchair and a small, glass table in the center of the room that was low to the ground. The décor was consistent in its shades of grey and black, as well as in its lack of personalization. There was a door to his bedroom on the other side of the room, which housed a dresser and a full bed as opposed to the twin mattresses the Stormtroopers slept on. However, the bedroom itself was not much larger than those of the troops. There was also a small bathroom that connected to his bedroom. The only aspect of his chamber which might be considered immodest was the tall window in the living area that boasted a spectacular solar view. He leaned forward and hung his helmeted head in his hands, deep in thought. To his irritation, he was unable to wipe the image of General Hux's coy smile from his mind. Kylo was repulsed by the predatory glimmer in the man's eye and the upward curve of his lips when he'd interrupted Hux in the shower room. But that was Hux. He couldn't stand working with the man, but the general's smug attitude was something Kylo put up with every day. So why was it lingering with him now? Perhaps it was because he'd never seen the general stoop so low. The way his expression shone of greed and lust and superiority- it disgusted him. And the way that Hux's snaking fingers had wrapped around her chin, commanding her to obey him. Her eyes had been so full of fear . Kylo's stomach convulsed with a spasm of some unknown feeling. Ever since she'd come aboard, he'd been on edge. In the three months since they'd last met, how much of Luke Skywalker's trainings had she been able to absorb? How much Resistance spew had she swallowed? She was a ghost to him, a whisper of a life he'd long wished dead. She was a weakness. And yet, he realized, he didn't even know her name. She was by no means defenseless; the fresh scar across his face told him that much. But she still had much to learn. And here, she was unarmed. Snoke intended to train her in the ways of the Dark Side eventually, though he hadn't provided much details of his plans for the girl yet. In the interim, the threat of Hux advancing his personal agenda was ever-present. Kylo had refrained from eavesdropping on the general's thoughts because the man's intentions had been evident enough, but he knew that it wouldn't be long before Hux made another attempt. He'd have to keep an eye on her. He slumped down into the armrest of the sofa, sprawling his legs out in front of him as he stared out the window. He would ask her to spar with him tomorrow, he decided. If he could make sure she had adequate defenses, he wouldn't have to keep such a close eye on her. Mal-at-ease as he was, he stared out into the vacuum until he eventually drifted off into a deep sleep. For the first time in many nights, he did not dream of the island. The next day, he awoke in a better mood. He felt focused, as if sleep was all he'd needed to get his mind back on track. Looking through the window in his sitting room, he saw several TIE fighters zoom past his window in formation. They were running drills. He briefly wondered if Hux had any new offenses in the pipeline. It seemed rash, given that they'd only just begun to reassemble. Kylo readied himself for the day, stepping into his narrow glass shower and taking a moment to relax under the water's purifying touch. He ran his slender fingers through his dark hair under the showerhead, pausing once to open his eyes. As he did, his gaze fell to his hip where the Wookie had managed to land a devastating blaster shot. The wound had only just begun to scar. His fingers went to his face, thumbing over the bumpy tissue that had formed there in place of the gash. It was a less lethal wound than the one in his side, but it was somehow more devastating. He wasn't concerned about his appearance; he had no time for such frivolous concerns and distractions. But in marking him permanently in such a personal place, she had left a mark on his integrity, too. She had bested him. The thought invigorated him, making him eager to duel with her once more. He would show her just how limiting Luke Skywalker's teachings were. He stepped out of the shower, walking with enthusiasm as he finished his morning routine. He became so preoccupied with his thoughts that he forgot to eat the breakfast that the hospitality droid had left on his table earlier in the morning. When he rounded the corner towards her quarters, a droid was leaving. It was carrying a full tray of food, though he knew the term food should be used lightly. He frowned behind his mask, wondering if she had eaten anything at all since she'd arrived. He typed in his access code on the keypad outside of her door and it opened to reveal the girl, sitting at the end of her bed with her back facing him. "I said I'm not hungry," she scathed, glancing over her shoulder. Kylo watched her expression change at the sight of him- her brow relaxing from a scowl into a look of confusion. She had been expecting the droid or a Stormtrooper. "What are you doing here?" She asked him. Her tone was hard, but it lacked the bitterness with which she'd addressed him the day before. He narrowed his eyes at her, though she couldn't see him. "You will train with me today," he answered. Her eyes widened with surprise. "Train?" She asked. "Train for what?" "I'm sure your technique is lacking after spending months on that forsaken island with Luke Skywalker," Kylo sneered. "Luke Skywalker is a Jedi Master ," she retorted, glowering. "My point exactly," he quipped. "But if you'd prefer to stay in this cell all day, that can be arranged." She looked caught off-guard by his statement and he could see the gears turning in her head as she weighed her options. She was being defiant again, as per usual. Well , he thought to himself. Are you so defiant you would prefer to waste away in your prison to prove a point? It makes no difference to me . "Fine," she whispered. Contrary to his thoughts, Kylo felt a rush of excitement at her response. "Good," he acknowledged. "Then you'll come with me," he added, stepping to the side and gesturing for her to follow him out of the room. She proceeded with caution, shooting him a skeptical sidelong glance as she followed him out the door. They walked in silence to a blast door some ways away from the dormitory wing of the ship and when they reached it, Kylo ignored the girl's quizzical expression as he punched in the access code. Then the blast doors opened to reveal a large room with high ceilings and mats on the floors. It was one of the Order's training rooms. The room was empty except for the walls, which were lined with every form of weapon one could imagine. There were staffs, swords, blasters, maces and axes- all with unique plasma and antimatter components that made them even more deadly and menacing than they appeared at first glance. Kylo had never bothered with any of them; they were intended for the Stormtroopers and besides, he had his lightsaber. The last time he'd trained with anything else had been during his days at the Jedi Academy, when Luke had first instructed him using a Kendo sword. Kylo's hands balled into fists and his back stiffened at the thought. Those days were long gone now. He'd outgrown his old master. He cocked his head and peered at the girl through his mask as a thought entered his mind. It was interesting to him that she had chosen to fashion a double-bladed lightsaber. He had never seen one before, only heard of them in legends. One recent Sith, he'd heard, had wielded one- decades ago, when the Old Republic first began to crumble. But he had failed and fallen to a Jedi. Was she effective in her technique? "What is this place?" The girl questioned and he watched her eyes widen with vivid curiosity. She turned her back to him and walked towards one of the walls where a shelf of staffs was hanging. She pulled a simple wooden bow staff from its place on the wall and gripped it, testing the integrity of its build. He peered at her. How young had she been when she was first forced to defend herself? An image of the girl stumbling across the dunes on Jakku popped into his mind and sprung to life. He watched her turn on her heel as desert raiders attempted to snatch her up from behind. She carried a long, black staff and he watched it twirl above her right before she slammed it into the sides of the raiders' heads, knocking them off their mounts. Then she scoured the pockets of their saddlebags while they lay unconscious in the sand, desperate for something to eat. She wasn't as frail as she looked. Kylo suddenly felt sick. The image had felt so real; the same way her memories had when he'd slipped into her mind. All at once, he was overcome by feelings of loneliness and desperation. Her feelings . The girl whipped around, staff in hand and she had a fresh glare on her face. "Get… out …of my head ," she hissed, flying towards him with her staff. He leapt out of the way just in time to avoid the blow, but she was hot on his feet. He hadn't intended to invade her mind; he hadn't even realized he was doing it. But she must have sensed the invasion. Kylo snatched one of the wooden swords from the wall just in time to parry her next blow. It landed so hard he heard the wood in his weapon crack. And then she was on him, swinging her staff every which way and twirling it in her hands with seemingly effortless skill. But he was just as fast and had much more experience using the Force to anticipate strikes. He sought out wells of pain and rage from deep within him-sources he'd become well accustomed to tapping into-and he was able to counter her every strike. Suddenly, her arms fell limp at her sides and she began stumbling over her feet. Kylo's eyes widened in surprise behind his mask, just as hers rolled back into their sockets and closed. She was falling, and before he knew what he was doing he was at her side, catching her limp form in his arms before she could hit the ground. She was unconscious. In his arms. He stared at her in shock, pulse rising in his chest and he was dumbstruck. What happened ? And then he realized. She hadn't been eating. She hadn't eaten a single meal since before she was captured from her hide-out on Ach-to. She had fainted from hunger. He started for the exit, taking care to make sure he had a firm grip on her. He left the training room, not bothering to clean up their mess and headed for the Medical Bay as quickly as he could without dropping her. Several Stormtroopers passed them on the way and he could sense their curious, wandering eyes on him as he carried her. One of them stared for a moment too long, and even though Kylo couldn't see the trooper's eyes underneath the helmet, he didn't hesitate in flinging the soldier into the wall of the corridor with a flick of his wrist. She felt warm. Was she running a fever? He glanced down at her face as he carried her, examining her features. Somehow, the little rat managed to look so peaceful with her eyes closed. He scowled at the thought and looked away. Finally, he arrived in the Medical Bay where there were several rows of hospital beds. Not many of them were occupied. Kylo carried the girl to a corner of the wing farthest away from other patients and set her down on one of the stark white beds. A medical droid rushed over to them and he watched its lights blinking on and off as it scanned her vitals. She was running a fever. "She collapsed from exhaustion and hunger," he spoke aloud to the droid in his polyphonic voice. The droid beeped a response and rolled away to retrieve the supplies it needed to tend to her. He leaned over her, pulled one of his gloves off his hand and placed it against her forehead. It was burning up. Then the droid returned and he was forced to take a seat on a stool near the bed so that the droid could work. He sat there, staring at her peaceful face until he lost track of time and he had no idea why. Author's Note: Thank you guys for the encouraging reviews! I appreciate your thoughts and comments. I hope you're enjoying. Chapter 6 Beep. Beep. Beep beep. There was a machine next to her head and it was beeping at intervals, pulling her out of her slumber. Rey opened her eyes. It took her a moment to absorb her surroundings because a cloud seemed to have fallen over her mind, but she sensed that she wasn't in her quarters. She was in a bed, however, and a curtain had been drawn around where she lay so that she couldn't see out into the expanse of the room. Nonetheless, she could hear hushed voices speaking somewhere on the other side so she knew she wasn't alone. She rubbed her temples, trying to rid herself of the fog. How had she gotten here? Then the images came flooding, and she remembered how she had been in a training room with Kylo Ren. She was swinging at him with a staff, throwing herself at him and he was countering her attacks with a sword. He had been in her mind . Rey snapped forward into an upright position at the thought, pressing her lips into a thin line. How had she let her guard down again ? She hadn't even noticed it happening. She'd even turned her back to him while looking at the weapons. Idiot , she reprimanded herself. He was a murderer and she needed to treat him as such. She shrank, wondering what he had seen. The curtain parted to reveal a bipedal medic droid. Rey snapped back to reality at the sight of the droid and realized she was in the ship's Medical Bay. "I fainted?" She asked the droid. It was more of a statement than a question. "I have alerted Master Ren that you are awake," the droid responded. Rey gulped. Master Ren? What if he was already on his way here? A shiver crept down her back at the thought and she withdrew into the blanket of the hospital bed, though it didn't make her feel much warmer. "How…how did I get here?" Rey asked the droid, though a feeling in the pit of her stomach told her she already knew the answer. "Master Ren carried you himself," the droid replied. Despite being an artificial intelligence, Rey detected something eerily similar to pride in the droid's tone. Just then, an image of Kylo Ren flashed before her eyes. He was in the hallway of a ship. And he was carrying her limp body. Immediately, she shook her head to snap out of the vision. I need to leave , she thought suddenly. She had been on the ship too long already. And now that she was out of her quarters, she had her chance. She reached up to the suction cups that were sticking to her forehead, monitoring her brain activity and started peeling them off. "Excuse me," the droid asserted. It stepped over to her and took the suction cups from her hands, then attempted to re-attach them to her forehead. "I'm not interested," Rey shot back as she swatted the droid's hands away. "I need to get out of here." Then she swung her legs over the side of the bed and removed an additional sensor from her arm. "I have orders to keep you here until Master Ren returns," the droid stated. Rey stood up to leave, disregarding the droid's protests but just as she did so, the curtain opened to reveal a tall, cloaked figure. It was him. She took a step backwards, but this only caused him to take another step towards her and Rey stumbled back, landing on the hospital bed. "Going somewhere?" He asked. She could hear the smirk in his voice. Now that he was here, she knew that she wasn't. That's alright , Rey thought to herself as she looked up at him. I can wait. Suddenly, Kylo dropped down into a crouch at the edge of the bed so that he was roughly at eye level with her. "Are you going to start eating?" He questioned. "Or do I have to be present at your every meal?" Rey looked into the void of his mask, desperate to find some semblance of human emotion there. But there was none. He was so confusing . "Why do you care if I starve or not?" She frowned. He didn't say anything, but she swore she saw him twitch ever so slightly as if he were caught off-guard by the question. He paused for a moment before speaking. "Perhaps you'd like me to be less accommodating in the future?" He ridiculed, standing up. "That can be arranged, I assure you." She looked at him, entirely puzzled. "Take me to my quarters," she replied. "I'd like to be alone." He contemplated her for a long moment, then held open the curtain for her to exit the make-shift room. She didn't look at him as she passed him. Instead, she just carried on her way down the Medical Bay hallway towards the exit, though she could feel him watching her from behind. His eyes weren't the only pair. She saw several wounded Stormtroopers watching her from their twin beds as she passed, perplexed by her presence. Then they were out into one of the ship's many long, hollow hallways. "Sir!" A voice exclaimed from their left. Rey turned to see a silver Stormtrooper approaching them. The voice had sounded female and she was carrying a blaster rifle. "What is it?" Kylo asked with a hint of irritation in his voice. The Stormtrooper's head turned towards Rey as if she were evaluating whether or not it was appropriate to disclose the information she carried in front of the strange girl. He sensed her hesitation and gestured for her to continue. "We have captured an intruder," she answered, her words heavy. "It is FN-2187." Rey's jaw dropped. Finn. They'd captured Finn. "I want to see him," she demanded, turning to Kylo. He was still as a statue and she could sense an undercurrent of rage emanating from beneath his mask. He regarded her for a moment before turning to Phasma. "Where is he?" Kylo questioned. His voice was a deadly whisper. "We have him secured in a holding cell, Sir. He was piloting a resistance fighter, Sir," she answered, standing at attention. Rey's stomach was a twisted heap of knots. She felt like she was going to be sick. He'd come for her . He was trying to rescue her, and he'd gotten himself captured. Tears stung the corners of her eyes and she bit down hard on the inside of her cheek, determined not to cry. You're so stupid, Finn , she thought. "I want to see him, " Rey repeated to her captor through gritted teeth. "I'll find a way to see him. You know I will." "Fine," he acquiesced after a pause. "Captain, take us to him." Rey's eyes widened. What ? She thought. She had had no real hope that he would actually oblige her. But sure enough, the next thing she knew she was following the Stormtrooper down the hallway. However, she was aware of an edge in his voice that made her feel uneasy. They arrived at the same holding area that Rey had found herself in not long ago. When they reached the blast doors, Kylo waved the silver Stormtrooper on her way. "Thank you, Captain Phasma. This will do," he said, his voice low. Then he walked swiftly into the holding area and Rey had to trot to keep up with him. She could still sense the rage flowing off of him and she proceeded after him with caution. They rounded a corner at the end of a long row of cells, and then there Finn was. He was in a glass cage, just as Rey herself had been, and guarded by two Stormtroopers. He was lying on the cot with his arm over his head "FINN!" She cried, breaking out into a run towards him. He snapped up at the sound of her voice and bolted to the glass, reaching it just as she did. " Rey! " He shouted, pressing his hands to the glass where she stood. "You're alive ." His cheek was bruised and he had a cut above his eyebrow as if he'd been hit. Rey didn't have time to respond. Before she knew what was happening, she was thrown against the wall by some unseen force and she found herself unable to move. She looked up to see Kylo's hand outstretched in her direction. He'd taken her place across the glass from Finn, who had a horrified look on his face. "FN-2187," he hissed. "We meet again." "Let her go, you son-of-a-bitch ," Finn raged, slamming a fist against the glass. The Stormtroopers turned with their blasters ready, ready to intervene, but Kylo gestured that there was no need. "You should not have come back," Kylo spat, igniting his weapon. Rey gasped at the sight of the serrated blade, frightened by the uneven hum it emitted. " Stop! " She shouted, wrought with fear for Finn's life. Then she whispered, "don't hurt him. Please, don't hurt him." Kylo shot her a quick glance, then looked back at Finn who had taken a step back from the glass. "The traitor deserves to die for his actions," he jeered. His other hand was balled into a fist and Rey thought he might explode with rage at any moment. "Don't…don't hurt him," she repeated, her voice quiet and strained. "Please. I'll do anything. Please, just let him go." "Don't say that, Rey," Finn warned, looking into the black void that of the mask that leered at him. "I'm not afraid to die." Rey felt Kylo's grip on her loosen and she darted forward, using both hands to grab his arm that held the lightsaber. "Please," she begged. "I'll stay here for as long as you want, and I won't try to leave. Just please let him go." Kylo paused and turned to regard her. The air between them was tense and thick as mud. "Don't say that, Rey," Finn pleaded. He was staring at the pair with horror in his eyes and Rey briefly met his gaze before turning back to face her captor. "I mean it," she reiterated. "I won't leave." Then to her surprise, Kylo collapsed his blade. "You won't try to escape," he breathed, leaning forward. His mask was inches from her face. "You will stay here with me, and you'll never see him again." "Don't do it, Rey!" Finn exclaimed, darting forward and slamming his fist on the glass twice more. His eyes were wet with tears. Rey tried her hardest not to look at him. Her heart was aching in her chest. "Yes," she whispered. "If you promise not to hurt him, I will stay." " REY! " Finn cried upon hearing her words. Then he slumped to the floor with his face in his palms. It was taking everything Rey had in her to refrain from crying. Kylo turned to the Stormtroopers. "You will take the prisoner to the Cargo Bay, where he will board a freighter to the planet. From there, he can catch a transport back to his precious Resistance base," Kylo spat. "And you will forget this ever transpired. If anyone asks what happened, you don't know how he escaped." Rey's heart skipped a beat at his words. He meant it. He was going to let Finn go. The troopers were obedient and acted on their orders at once. "No," Finn whispered as they approached. "No, no, no. I'll come back for you, Rey!" Rey cupped her hands to her mouth as she watched them enter Finn's cell, sedating him, and then proceeded to escort him out of the room. He was too incapacitated to look up at her as they forced him past, down the hallway of the holding area and away towards the Cargo Bay. She and Kylo were alone, and he was staring at her. At that moment, Rey burst into tears and took off running. She would never see Finn again, when really she never wanted to see him again. She didn't look back to see if he was following her. Why did I let her go ? Kylo simmered to himself, pacing back and forth in his quarters several hours after the events with FN-2187. She was his prisoner; she had just promised to do what she was told. And yet, he'd let her disobey him and take off. "Insolent girl," he muttered aloud. But then he thought of how her face had been shining with tears and he felt a strange sinking sensation in his chest. His lips curled in disgust as a familiar thought entered his mind. She cared for the traitor. He had seen the way she looked at him. The desperation in her eyes as she had begged and pleaded for the traitor's life. Finn , she'd called him. Kylo could still hear the name on her tongue, and he found himself overcome by an unfamiliar sort of anger. He ignited his lightsaber instinctively and in a flash of red light, he brought the blade down hard on his coffee table, tearing it in half. Then he landed a kick on one of the halves with the toe of his boot and watched in satisfaction as it flew across the room. He stood there for a moment, breathing heavily with shaking shoulders and staring at the destruction. Then he collapsed the blade, tucked the weapon into his belt and slumped into the sofa. What was she doing now? He wondered. He thought once more of her wet, tearful face and was suddenly struck with guilt. It was such a contrast to the serene expression she'd worn, unconscious in his arms when he'd carried her to the Medical Bay. What if she keeps starving herself ? He shot up at the thought, panicked. He would have her dine with him to make sure she ate. Besides , he thought. She'll be grateful to have something other than that gruel they bring the prisoners . With that thought, he sent for his personal droid and when it arrived, he ordered it to inform the girl that she would have dinner in his quarters. Then the droid left and he was alone once more. He looked at the mess he'd made of the coffee table and realized he should clean up if he was going to have company. So he got up off of the sofa and moved the remnants of the coffee table to the corner of the room until a droid could come and pick them up. Then he resumed his place on the sofa and stared out the window while he waited. And waited. And waited. The girl did not come. He closed his eyes, trying to focus his emotions and center himself while he waited. Why was he so on edge? He inhaled a deep breath, trying to calm down. You're being weak again , he told himself. Suddenly, an image slipped into his mind as he was attempting to concentrate and an out-of-body sensation washed over him. He was in the girl's room, and she was lying on the bed with her face buried in her arms. A droid appeared in the doorway to her chamber, but she wasn't looking at it. It was his droid. " You will join Master Ren for dinner in his quarters," came the droid's familiar mechanical voice, breaking the silence. " I don't want to see him," the girl begrudged. " It is not a request," the droid countered. She looked up at the droid with a scowl. " I don't want to see him." Her voice was quiet and flat and the bitterness in her words had a stinging effect on Kylo. " But Master Ren—" " I DON'T WANT TO SEE HIM," she raged. "He's a monster. Now get out of my room and leave me alone," she hissed, rolling onto her side to face the wall. " Very well," the droid responded, emotionless. Kylo snapped back to his own reality, shaking with newfound rage. He stood up from the couch, hardly able to contain himself and the bellow that erupted from his lungs as he drew his weapon could be heard all the way down the corridor. When the droid returned to his chambers, it was torn apart by flashes of red, serrated light. Author's Note: The tension is heating up! I hope this has been a satisfying read for those of you who have made it thus far. Thanks again for the encouraging reviews on the last chapter. Just wanted to say that I write fanfiction to improve my writing and am open to constructive criticism if there is anything somebody thinks I could be doing better. Next chapter will be out before too long. Let me know your thoughts! And visit my profile for a link to my Tumblr if anyone needs another Reylo blog to follow. Chapter 7 She was used to having her privacy invaded by Stormtroopers by now, so it was no surprise to her when two arrived at her door the next morning. She could sense from the way they showed no hesitation in pointing their blasters at her from the moment they walked in the door that she was starting to gain a bad rap among the troops. Rey couldn’t help but smile at the thought. “The Supreme Leader will see you now,” one of them barked. She narrowed her eyes at him, looking him head to toe and wondering how exactly someone as compassionate and considerate as Finn had managed to come from the same conditioning and training as these monsters. Finn . Her heart ached at the thought. She hoped with every fiber in her being that he was safe. Watching him go had torn her apart. He’d been the first person she’d had a real, sentient connection with since she’d been left on Jakku. And now he, like everyone else, had been taken away from her. Still, she was able to take small comfort in the fact that he hadn’t left her by choice. They had been split apart by Kylo Ren. A scowl crept across her face once more. Kylo Ren . She was starting to question whether she should hate him or pity him. He was hateful, that was for certain. She’d gleaned that much from the way he’d bounded to Finn’s cage, ready to strike her friend down like an animal lying in wait. She shuddered. How close had Finn been to losing his life for her? But there was something that stuck out to Rey and left her deeply puzzled. It was the way he’d spoken when she’d offered to stay onboard the ship in exchange for Finn’s freedom. You will stay here with me, he’d said. It was almost as if he desired her company . Was he… lonely ? She pushed the thought from her mind, shaking her head and snapping back to the present. “Oh, will he?” She quipped, glaring at the Stormtroopers. “Shut it, girl,” one of them barked. His voice was rough and his tone was condescending. “Where’s your sedating solution?” Rey’s eyes widened as she remembered how her captor had removed the medical device from her arm. He hadn’t explained himself and she’d been too angry to think much of it at the time. Why had he done that? “Kylo Ren had it removed,” she stammered. “Snoke’s orders. They don’t want it interfering with my abilities if I’m to be training under Snoke.” She didn’t like lying. Lying was something Unkar Plutt did. She wasn’t a liar and never had been. But in her current situation, she felt that there was more at stake than her integrity. “Huh,” the trooper grunted. “That’s not the usual protocol.” “I don’t really care what your protocol is either way,” Rey shrugged. “But I know that you’d be remiss to ignore Snoke’s orders.” The trooper eyed her for a moment before stepping forward and grabbing her by the arm with his blaster in the other hand. His comrade took hold of her other arm and before she knew it, she was being dragged from her cell yet again. She sucked in a deep breath, trying to remain calm. You need to start coming up with a plan , she told herself. She’d escaped a First Order base before- she could do it again. Although , she thought. She’d had her friends to help her the first time. This time, she was alone. She was taken to a much smaller chamber than the one where she’d first met Snoke. This one was small, with a few chairs and a view. The room was dimly lit, so she didn’t notice the cloaked figure standing to the left of Snoke’s chair at first, but when she did her stomach sank. It was him. And she could tell he was looking at her. “Come, girl,” Snoke beckoned her to where he was sitting. Rey pursed her lips and took a hesitant step forward, careful not to look at Kylo Ren. “And what is your name?” He asked in a soft whisper. Rey’s mouth popped open at his question, suddenly uncomfortable. She looked into Snoke’s eyes, considering him. He really was ancient . And his expression, though mangled, spoke of wisdom and experience and well-kept secrets. And there was something compelling about him. Something that compelled her to give him an answer. “It’s Rey,” she replied, lifting her chin. Out of her peripherals, she saw Kylo Ren shift, but she continued to ignore him. “Rey,” the Supreme Leader repeated. “Of course, that was not always your name.” Rey froze. Suddenly, she felt cold. What was he talking about? “Yes, Rey,” he continued without waiting for her to respond. “I know who you are.” The moment felt surreal to the girl. How could he possibly be telling the truth? And yet, her feelings and the look on his face told her that he was. But if Snoke knew the answer to who she was, did she even want to know? She grimaced. He couldn’t possibly be telling the truth. He was lying. He was just like Unkar Plutt, and she wouldn’t believe him. He was trying to manipulate her the same way he’d manipulated Kylo Ren. “You’re lying,” she answered. The corners of his mouth turned upwards into a grin that sent a shiver racing down her spine and he laughed. “Perhaps,” Snoke conceded, tapping his chin. “But there is no denying that the Dark Side lives in you.” “It doesn’t,” she snapped. “You don’t know anything about me.” “I know that it called to you, when you crossed blades with Kylo Ren,” he challenged. Again, he’d caught her off guard. It was true. That night on Starkiller Base as she stood over a bleeding and battered Kylo Ren, she’d heard a voice in her head suggesting she finish the job. It terrified her to think that if the earth hadn’t split them apart then and there, she might have done it. For the first time since she’d entered the room, her gaze flickered to Kylo Ren. He was statuesque, but she knew he was looking at her and for a brief moment, she allowed herself to think of his face. Really thought of it. And it made her feel strange to think of the person beneath the mask. The first time she’d seen his face, she’d been shocked to find that there was a person there at all. But then, could a person kill his own father in cold blood? In all of her days on Jakku, she’d scarcely seen anything so monstrous. She pulled her eyes away from the mask and back to Snoke, feeling her cheeks flush when she realized she’d been staring at him. “I won’t be swayed,” she affirmed. “Luke has taught me well.” “Ah, yes,” Snoke replied. “Luke. Well, it’s unfortunate that he won’t be able to help you continue your studies. It seems you’ve come to a dead end.” Rey felt like she’d been punched in the gut. Had Luke been killed? She searched through her feelings as she had several times since coming aboard Snoke’s ship, but she was unable to find an answer. Her initial instinct was that he was alright, but Snoke was making her question herself more and more with each passing moment. “Luke’s alive,” she whispered in defiance, hoping he couldn’t hear that she was trying to convince herself as well. “You can use that fear, you know,” he insinuated and pointed at her. He was on the edge of his seat, examining her face. “You can draw on it for power.” Kylo Ren turned his head to look at Snoke. “I’m not like you,” Rey spat. “I’m not like either of you. I will not learn the ways of the Dark Side.” Suddenly, she saw Snoke’s palm unfold in her direction and she was struck by a wave of what she could only describe as pure, unbridled agony. Her knees buckled from under her, and though she struggled, she collapsed to the floor. She slammed her eyes shut and gritted her teeth from the pain and tried her best to recall the Jedi Code in her mind. Rey was too distracted by the pain to notice the tepid step Kylo Ren took in her direction as she fell. “Use it,” Snoke commanded. “Let the agony flow through you. You can harness it.” Rey’s palms were on the ground before her and she cried out through clenched teeth. It was nausea and aching and needles and heartbreak all at once; it was the way she felt at night on Jakku, desperate to think of anything other than the family that was never coming back for her. It was the bite of a desert sandstorm on her skin and the feel of Unkar Plutt’s lustful eyes on her body in the marketplace. It was the aching hunger in her belly that never really disappeared. It was her anger towards the unfeeling and unsympathetic universe around her and the lonely thirst for affection on her tongue that had never really been quenched. It was everything. It was everything all at once, and it was too much. “ Use it,” Snoke hissed again, begging her to pull herself up and defy him. But she sensed that that was what he wanted, and she refused to oblige him. A tense moment passed and Rey concentrated on nothing else but dulling her senses. Then the pain stopped as if nothing had happened at all. Rey breathed out a relieved exhale and allowed her muscles to relax on the cool, hard floor of the ship. “Supreme Leader,” a voice interrupted them accompanied by the sound of boots echoing off the floor, but Rey was too exhausted to look and see who it was. “General Hux,” Snoke greeted. A wave of panic washed over Rey. She knew that name. “A report on our reconnaissance mission,” Hux replied. He came to a stop, standing inches from Rey’s head. “What’s this?” She heard him squat down to examine her and recoiled into herself, closing her eyes. “Nothing of your concern,” came Kylo’s robotic voice. Rey heard his footsteps approaching and she opened her eyes, looking up to see both Hux and Kylo Ren standing over her. Hux shot her a glance, then squared his jaw and looked into Kylo Ren’s mask. “I’m always concerned to see a beautiful woman looking as if she’s been injured,” he countered. “Perhaps my manners are just more civilized than yours.” “If by ‘civilized’ you mean you wait until you think no one is watching to take advantage of women, then yes, your manners are very refined,” Kylo quipped. Rey was surprised to see the general recoil from the bite in Kylo’s words. Then Kylo looked down at Rey as if he had sensed that she was looking at him. To her dismay, she found that there was something compelling about his mask that pulled her gaze towards the void. She stared into the blackness of his eyes as if she would be able to find the person within if she looked for long enough. He was so contradictory . Kylo Ren was the man whom she’d seen murder his own father , and yet here he was arguing with General Hux about morality. “Gentlemen,” Snoke insisted with a hint of laughter in his voice, “enough. General, I’m very interested to hear the details of our mission. Ren, see to it that our guest learns her place. I won’t tolerate this sort of behavior in the future. Not when we’ve been so…hospitable.” Kylo Ren did not take his eyes off of Rey. Instead, he crouched down to her level and cocked his head to the side, peering at her. Rey couldn’t help but withdraw from his gaze. “Can you walk?” He asked, his voice monotone. She nodded, then pushed herself up off the ground and stood. She tried to ignore the way that Hux was staring at her, like a vulture eyeing its kill and was relieved when Kylo wasted no time in exiting the room. She followed after him, eager to be free of Snoke and Hux’s presence. The air between them was tense as they walked in silence through the hallways of the ship. Rey could sense the familiar current of rage rolling off of him, though at the moment it was more uneven than usual as if he were on the verge of exploding. She walked a few steps behind him, studying his figure and noting the rigidity of his posture. Be careful , she told herself as she eyed him with caution. Suddenly, he stopped dead in his tracks and Rey nearly walked right into him. He turned around slowly and Rey took a step backwards, sensing that his anger had spiked. But he stepped towards her, hand outstretched towards her face. He came within inches of her, his hand held up to her cheek, but then he dropped it. Her pulse soared into her throat at his nearness and she immediately searched her mind for his presence, but he was not there. “You think I’m a monster,” he whispered, leering at her. “I can feel it. You would wish me dead.” Rey’s breath caught in her throat and she was stricken, unable to think or move. But she realized that it was the response of her own body and not one of his Force tactics that had paralyzed her. She was speechless. He waited for a long moment, staring at her, but when she didn’t say anything he turned around to keep walking and as soon as he did, Rey let go of her breath. She was suddenly plunged into a state of deep confusion. Why did he say that? What did he mean? And subconsciously, she questioned whether or not it was true. “Where are we going?” She asked, breaking the silence when she realized that they were headed down an unfamiliar corridor. He stopped in front of a door that was not unlike her own and turned to look at her. She didn’t have to see his face to sense the scornful look he was giving her. “I have urgent business to attend to,” he snapped. “You’ll stay here until I return.” He turned to punch in the access code and then the door opened to reveal what appeared to be personal quarters. His personal quarters. Rey shot him a look of uncertainty, but his lack of response was all the answer she needed to step inside. “Don’t go in the bedroom,” he ordered, standing in the doorway. Then he turned to leave, but he paused for a second with his back facing her. “Nobody will bother you here,” he added, glancing over his shoulder. And then the door closed and he disappeared. Author’s Note: Thank you all so much for the kind words!! Your reviews have been very encouraging and I take the time to read each one. I really appreciate your support and it makes me giddy to know that you’re hooked! More to come. Chapter 8 Rey fell backwards into the sofa that sat against one of the walls in the room with her palms facing upwards at her sides. She wore a look of bafflement on her face, stunned by her captor's actions and her mouth hung open in confusion. She sat frozen in perplexity. The room was silent around her, save for the deep hum of electricity and engines that was always present onboard a ship. She had to admit, the room offered a breathtaking view. As soon as she noticed it, she got up from the sofa and crossed to the window, placing her palms against the transparisteel and looking down at the planet they were orbiting. It was a humbling sight- especially for one who'd spent the majority of her time watching ships enter and leave the atmosphere of her home planet with little hope of ever boarding one herself. Still , she thought. She didn't think she would ever become accustomed to the sights of interplanetary travel. Then again , she thought darkly, who knows how long I'll be on this ship. Maybe the view was to become her prison. With that thought, her mind wandered back to her captor. Her eyebrows knitted together and she pursed her lips into a thin, straight line as she recalled their interaction in the hallway. She didn't understand his behavior. She wanted desperately to mock it in her mind, but she found that she wasn't able to. It was too confounding. You would wish me dead . She bit down on her lip, falling back into the sofa. His words weren't the only thing she found unsettling. She was also mystified by the pronounced sense of disappointment that had radiated from him when he spoke. They were enemies. He'd made that clear enough on several occasions. So why was her callous behavior disappointing him? Moreover, it was almost as if he felt concern for her wellbeing. From the way he'd curbed General Hux's harassment- twice now- to the way he seemed to take an interest in her overall treatment aboard the ship. Nobody will bother you here, he'd said. She was baffled by his behavior, that much was certain; but she also knew that 'hostile' was not the way to describe it. You would wish me dead . His words repeated in her mind once more and the hair on her arms stood up as she recalled the sound of his robotic voice. And as she recalled his words, she couldn't help but recall his face. It wasn't the first time she'd thought about the man beneath the mask, though it was the first time that the image had triggered a twisting, coiling sensation in her gut. She gasped, realizing she'd been holding her breath. Rey brought a hand to her eyes and massaged the bridge of her nose, sighing into her palm. Then she looked up and took in her surroundings for the first time since he'd left her. She was in a living area. His living area. And it wasn't much to look at. Aside from the sofa she was sitting on, the only other furniture was an armchair on the other side of the room and a small dining table in the corner near the kitchenette. The walls were bare and the design of the room was simple and sterile, though that was typical of ship accommodations. The quarters were not much bigger than her own. As she examined the room, it was as if she was looking for something. Evidence. A sign. Something that stuck out; that screamed of his character. Something that said murderer . But there was nothing. Still, the room didn't boast of humanity, either. Then her eyes landed on the door embedded in the wall across the room. It had a looming, ominous presence and as she stared at it, his voice echoed in her mind. Don't go in the bedroom . The longer she looked at the door, the more she realized that she couldn't peel her eyes away. It seemed to beckon her forth. Rey cast a hesitant glance over her shoulder towards the door from which she'd come, as if she expected her captor to burst through it at any moment. But her instincts told her he was not nearby. So she stood up and crossed the chamber to the door on the other side, pausing in front of it. Then she stepped forward onto the floor sensor and the door unlocked. It was dark inside the room. She turned to her right. There were dim lights on the floors, but no windows and the tall ceiling seemed to give way to blackness. There was a bed against one wall and a dresser, but that was it. Then she turned around, and that was when she saw it. It was the horror she'd been searching for. There, on a small pedestal against the wall, was a corpse. It was not complete; rather, it was more of a head. But it was a manifestation of death all the same. Rey's pulse seized in her chest. One of her hands flew to her mouth, covering her jaw that had popped open in shock. She was frozen in place, unable to do anything other than stare at the head in terror. Finally, she took a hesitant step forward and then another, until she was standing against the base of the pedestal. Upon closer examination, she noted that the head was wearing a helmet. It was ashen and cracked, as if it'd been burned. What remained of the rotted, petrified flesh underneath looked as if it had been lifeless for decades. But its eyes were what held her. Black, gaping sockets looked up at her from where a person had once been, and the blackness seemed to stare straight down into the core of her being. She knew this person. Rey lifted her hand to the side of the helmet, letting it hover just above the macabre surface. She had never met this person, but she knew. She had heard of the helmet on the tongues of storytellers in the markets on Jakku and she had seen it in her daydreams and nightmares. "Darth Vader," she whispered, feeling a shiver race down her spine as the whisper left her lips. The darkness and silence in the room seemed to echo back to her, reverberating through her being. I shouldn't be here , she thought, taking a step back. It was then that Rey realized she was afraid. She had gone too far. She was in too deep. She didn't know how Kylo Ren had happened upon such a relic, and she didn't want to know. All she knew was that she wanted to leave. She had to leave. Bargain or not- she couldn't stay here, onboard this ship with someone like him . Someone who coveted death and corpses and destruction. She continued to back away from the remains until finally she pivoted on her heel and darted through the bedroom door, back into the solar light of the living area. Her breathing quickened as adrenaline flooded her system and without a moment's hesitation, she fled the quarters of her captor, knowing it wouldn't be long until she had fled the ship entirely. Rey ran as fast as she could down the hallway, keeping an eye out for Stormtroopers as she rounded corners and waiting for patrols to pass when necessary. She was weaponless, and she was panicking. She needed a weapon. The last thing she wanted was for General Hux to find her, alone and afraid and unable to defend herself. She shuddered. She was peeking around another corner when she saw a pair of Stormtroopers walking towards her. A plan was starting to dawn on her. She needed a weapon, and she needed to get to the Cargo Bay, but both tasks were going to be difficult to accomplish in her present state. She was going to try to escape as Finn had. Rey looked around and was delighted to spot a utility closet a little ways down the corridor behind her. That'll do , she thought with a determined look. As the troopers drew nearer, she began to focus her concentration on the shorter of the two, reaching out to him with her mind. You will abandon your post. There is a metric you need to double-check in the utility closet, on General Hux's behalf. You will abandon your post . She gritted her teeth, willing all of her spare energy upon the trooper's mind. At first, nothing happened. But as they took a few steps closer to where Rey stood, she heard one of the troopers say, "I need to double-check something for the general." A gleeful smile erupted across her face as she crouched down and out of sight. She watched the Stormtrooper break away from his peer and make for the utility closet she had noted, blaster in hand. She could sense the bewilderment emanating from the trooper that had been left behind, but he dared not question General Hux. Soon, he was gone. Rey made a break for the closet as soon as the corridor was clear and she flung the door open to see a lonely, puzzled Stormtrooper looking up at the electronic readings on one of many screens. Immediately, her hands went to his blaster and the element of surprise allowed her to whip it across his head, knocking him to the floor. She closed the door behind them. When Rey re-emerged from the closet, she was unrecognizable. The white Stormtrooper armor she wore was large on her lean body, but nobody would have noticed at first glance. The blaster she carried was heavy and much more powerful than the pistol Han Solo had gifted her on Takodana and she was comforted by the feeling of its barrel in her hand. She lifted her chin, straightened her back and headed in the direction of the Cargo Bay. It took all that remained of her mental efforts to keep the horror of what she'd seen in her captor's bedroom from her mind. Kylo was standing in the command center of the ship, listening to a debrief of Hux's latest mission from one of the superior officers. They'd uncovered a Resistance supply route through one of the moons in the Qerus system; a system not far from Thides-4. They were merely awaiting Snoke's approval to assemble a fleet with the purpose of destroying the trade system. He wasn't listening. His thoughts were elsewhere. He couldn't keep his mind from wandering to the moment right before Snoke had riddled the girl's body with agony. I'm not like you, she'd said. I'm not like either of you . Her words stung. Was it his pride she'd injured? His vanity? He stiffened at the thought. If so, he wasn't aware till now that he had such qualities. If there were any traits he had a particular dislike for, those were two of them. Hux was proud. Hux was vain. Not unlike his own father, Han Solo. Kylo's hands balled into fists and if it weren't for the gloves he wore, he might've dug through his own flesh with his nails. Han Solo was gone; he'd been gone for months now. So why was he still thinking about him? The girl. She had an effect on him; something that needed to be dealt with. She was dangerous. But she wasn't just 'the girl' anymore. She had a name. Rey . The word had sounded like sunshine on her lips when she'd spoken it, and he resented her for it. He resented the way her chin lifted ever so slightly in defiance when she looked into Snoke's eyes and the way her lips pursed together after she spoke, signaling that she couldn't be swayed. But most of all, he resented how much he'd wanted to help her when she'd collapsed to the ground in agony. Another moment and he may have abandoned his place at Snoke's side, making a fool of himself in front of both the Supreme Leader and General Hux. His teeth gritted together in frustration and he could feel his pulse accelerating in his chest. Suddenly, he blinked and a wave of disassociation washed over him and he was wrenched away from the present. He was standing in his room, but he was not alone. The girl was there- and she was standing with his grandfather. He watched her lift a hand to the side of the helmet, watched her eyes widen in horror as she studied the remains. " Darth Vader," she whispered to herself. He watched her stumble backwards, throwing an arm over her face as if to shield herself from the artifact. He could sense the ripples of fear and disgust pulsing outwards into space from her body. And then he watched her turn towards him and run. She ran right past him, into the living room and through then through the main door to his quarters. Then she disappeared. As quickly as the vision had come, it was gone- if only in the literal sense. Kylo's body was wrought with fury. Immediately upon returning to his senses, he ripped his lightsaber from his belt and ignited the blade. He was seeing red. He was back in the command center, but all he could see was the expression on her face as the realization had dawned on her. She was repulsed . Disgusted . Afraid . And she didn't understand, but now she never would. He searched his feelings for her presence onboard the ship, raising the saber above his head in his wrath; and when he felt nothing in response, he brought the vengeful blade down on one of the control panels with a roar of outrage. Author's Note: Some of you may have caught my update from earlier today. If you didn't, I posted a much longer chapter 8 earlier this afternoon, but I took it down because I decided I wanted to split it into two parts and revise the ending for plot points and believability. Here is the first half. Chapter 9 will be up soon! Sorry for the mess, but believability is a huge deal for me. It's one of my pet peeves when authors create dialogue or actions that don't make sense for the story, simply because they want the story to go a certain way. Thanks for the feedback and I hope you like what you're reading. Chapter 9 Rey had managed to stow aboard a cargo ship in the Cargo Bay just as it was departing for the planet below. She soon found herself huddled between two crates in the belly of the ship. There were only two others onboard- a pilot and a copilot. She was certain they hadn't detected her presence, but she wasn't afraid to take matters into her own hands if things went south. After all, she could pilot a freighter on her own just fine. She allowed herself to relax for the first time in days as she watched the destroyer fade away through the cargo window. She was finally leaving it behind. From the planet, she could catch a transport just as Finn had and she would be back with the Resistance before she knew it. But as she watched the ship disappear from her horizon, she was struck by a twinge of guilt. It was so subtle that she almost didn't notice it at all, but it was there. She was breaking her promise. She'd said she wouldn't leave, but she was. And she couldn't shake the feeling that she was abandoning him; leaving him to his loneliness. Still, she opted to ignore the sentiment. She didn't owe him anything. After a while, the hull of the freighter began to shake as they entered Thides-4's atmosphere. She watched as steam and light rose up around the edges of the ship and she resisted the urge to stand up and look down at the planet they were approaching. She was incredibly intrigued by new worlds, having only visited a handful in her time since leaving Jakku. It wasn't long ago that she'd been certain she'd never see another world at all. They were descending quickly and Rey realized it was time to execute her plan. She could only imagine the lot of beings that congregated on a planet where the First Order had chosen to nurse its wounds. She decided it would be in her best interest to abandon the ship before it reached the port. There was a ramp in the center of the cargo hull that had been used to load freight onto the ship and it didn't take Rey long to find an internal mechanism that controlled it. She put her tongue in her cheek, eyeing over her situation. She didn't like it, but she didn't have many options. The ship was starting to level out. They'd be landing soon. Without another moment's hesitation, she overrode the controls to the ramp and watched an opening appear in the floor as it lowered. She could see the cold desert of the planet racing past below. They were fairly near to the ground now and their speed was breaking. It was now or never. She crossed to the opening in the floor and positioned herself to jump. Then she focused all of her energy on her own body in an attempt to slow her fall and let go. The fall was longer than anticipated. She was weightless, plummeting towards the ground for what felt like hours. Finally, her body collided with one of the snowbanks and she disappeared into several feet of snow. It hurt. The landing rattled her body and caused her to bite down hard on her tongue, releasing the taste of blood into her mouth. Her exposed skin was raw from where the icy friction had burned it and her clothes were beginning to dampen. Her head was pounding from the impact. But she was alive, and that was what mattered. She managed to pull herself up from within the bank of snow and when she did, she was greeted by a howling wind that nipped at her flesh and whipped her hair around her face. The sun was starting to set on the planet, but the tundra on which she'd fallen was so barren that there were no shadows to be cast. She stood up and gathered her bearings. The planet hadn't looked so uninviting when she'd looked down on it from space, she thought as she dusted ice crystals off of herself. Rey looked skyward and caught a glimpse of the freighter's hull glinting in the dusky light before it disappeared over the horizon and she opted to begin walking in the direction it had gone, hoping it wouldn't be long before she arrived at a town. Her blaster had fallen several yards away and she made sure to scoop it up before pressing onward. Trudging through snow once more , she thought to herself. She'd never seen snow in her life before the night she and Finn had escaped Starkiller Base. But this world seemed much colder and much more barren than the forests of Starkiller. She walked in solitude for well over an hour. There were no sounds except for those of the wind howling over the snowbanks. Until she heard something that sounded like a growl over her right shoulder. Rey whipped around, squinting her eyes to see through the dim lighting and flurries of snow. She didn't see anything, but instincts told her she wasn't alone. Her hands went to her blaster and she fumbled with it for a moment until she found a switch that happened to be a light. She flipped it on and was relieved when the beam cut through the darkness ahead. But she saw nothing. Then, the sound of footfalls on the snow met her ears. There were many of them, as if something was galloping towards her. She crouched down with her blaster trained forward, anticipating whatever might appear from beyond the snowbanks. Suddenly, a feline creature reminiscent of a nexu bounded over one of the hills. It was racing toward her with wicked speed and outstretched claws. She pointed the blaster towards it and gaped in horror as the light illuminated hundreds of razor-sharp teeth in the feline's mouth. Its fur was as white as the snow, making it difficult to see. She fired. A shot landed on the beast's shoulder, but failed to bring it down. It merely hissed, howling into the night. Rey drew back in fear, but steadied her hands to aim again. Just as she did, she saw a second predator appear on one of the hills. She fired at the first one, knocking it down to the ground this time but then a third animal appeared over her left shoulder and her heart sank. She was outnumbered and in an unfamiliar place. She was at a disadvantage. She barely had time to dive out of the way before the second predator lunged toward her. She landed on her back and found herself looking up into the cold, starry sky above. Just then, she saw a pair of lights racing toward her from above. It looked like a fighter; like it was descending toward her. Finn ? She thought, feeling her heart rise with a glimmer of hope. She didn't have time to think any more about it. Quickly, she rolled onto her stomach and fired a blast into the mouth of one of the beasts as it attempted to lunge at her a second time. She was satisfied by the yelp it emitted from its powerful jaws as it fell to its side. She looked around for the next beast, just in time to see one approaching from over her left shoulder. She was too late. The animal raked its claws across her back and Rey cried out in pain, dropping the blaster from her hand. Another predator had appeared on the ridge in front of her a few yards away. The skin of her back was ablaze from the lacerations and chilled by the winter air where her shirt had ripped, but she was no stranger to pain. She was a survivor and she gritted her teeth and centered herself. Rey reached out into the darkness with both her hand and mind simultaneously, feeling for the blaster's hilt. It lifted from the snow and soared into her hand, just in time for her to point and aim a shot right in between the jaws of the feline that was looming on the ridge. Its knees buckled and it collapsed in the snow. She had only a second to spare before the feline that had clawed at her back lunged at her from behind. She managed to dive out of the way, blaster in hand but lost her balance in the snow and landed flat on her face in one of the snowdrifts. She looked up in time to see it pivot towards her, lips drawn back in a menacing snarl. She heard a growling response from somewhere behind her and a shiver unrelated to the planet's climate shot down her spine. Rey stumbled to her feet, aiming her blaster at the beast that was stalking towards her. Her heart was pounding. She was afraid. Suddenly, the animal's eyes flared with light and Rey turned around to see that the fighter she'd seen above had landed on a snowbank a little ways away. Her heart sank as soon as she saw its rigid outline in the darkness. It was a TIE fighter. "No," she muttered through gritted teeth to herself. "I'm not going back." She turned the blaster towards the fighter with a shaking hand and took aim for one of its wings, but before she could steady her grip, the beast she'd heard snarling behind her lunged for her arm and its jaws clamped down on her shoulder. Rey collapsed onto her stomach in the snow, unleashing a bloodcurdling scream. Her blaster fell from her hand. The animal wasn't letting go. Its fangs were digging into her flesh, piercing her muscles and grating bone against bone. She swung her left hand over her shoulder, landing a blow against the side of the animal's head, but this only angered it and caused its jaws to clamp down harder. Rey's vision was beginning to tunnel. Just then, the sound of a lightsaber cut through the darkness. It was a ragged, violent hum and Rey could see the pulsing red glow of its serrated edges reflecting off the snowbanks. Before she knew what was happening, a sharp yelp met her ears and the pressure of the feline's jaws disappeared from her shoulder blade. She heard a soft thud as the beast's body landed next to her in the snow. A sigh of relief escaped her lips and she closed her eyes, focusing all of her attention on dulling the pain. She could feel the warm, sticky wetness of blood where one of the predators had clawed through the flesh of her back and she knew the wounds in her shoulder were deep. Blood was starting to soak through the whiteness of the snow in which she lay. There is no death, there is the Force , she told herself. She could still hear the lightsaber twisting and cutting through the snowy night, but it seemed far away now. She heard a snarl and another yelp, and then the hum of the lightsaber dissolved into silence and everything was quiet except for the sound of the icy wind whipping around her body. No longer did she feel its bite. She did, however, sense a presence approaching her, but she was too weak to get up and face him. "Rey," he called, standing over her. "Can you hear me?" She froze at the sound of her name. A firm, gloved hand reached out to touch her arm and Rey snapped up, reaching for her blaster and jerking around to point it at him. "I'm not going back," she asserted, wincing in pain from her sudden movement. Kylo crouched down next to her, unfazed by the blaster that was pointed at his masked face and she could sense a wave of concern rolling off of him- but not for himself. He was looking at her wounds. She frowned, confused by his apparent worry and by the way that it seemed to soften her own resolve. "You need a medic," he replied, insistent. She'd heard that tone before- in the forests of Starkiller Base when he'd backed her up against a cliff. "I can handle myself," she stammered. Then, he lifted a hesitant hand to her shoulder and traced a finger along one of the gashes that the predator's fangs had left in her flesh. Rey felt her pulse quicken in her chest at his touch, feeling mystified and cautious all at once. She looked up into the eyeless void of the mask and her breath immediately caught in her lungs. For the first time since she'd arrived on his starship, it was as if a person were looking back at her. He seemed somehow human , despite the emptiness of the mask itself. "You'll die," he implored, an edge in his tone. He extended his hand toward her, gesturing to help her up. She looked at him with trepidation in her eyes. If she went with him, she might never have another chance to leave. Now that she'd attempted escape once, they'd be keeping a closer eye on her. But he was right. She would die if she stayed. If nocturnal predators didn't find her and her wounds didn't turn septic, frostbite would finish her off. She eyed his hand for a moment before taking it. She clung to his arms as he helped pull her to her feet, and he was careful not to touch her wounds. As soon as she was upright, her blood seemed to rush out of her head and the tunnel-vision returned, accompanied by dizziness. She tightened her grip on his forearms out of instinct and he seemed to notice her imbalance, because he dropped one hand down towards her legs so that he could lift her off the ground into his arms. Rey was caught off-guard by the motion, but she was too fatigued to protest and in too much pain to walk. Slowly, she slipped her arms around his neck and pressed her face into his shoulder. Her cheeks felt raw from the wind. He carried her in silence, heading back to the ship. "Will they punish me?" She asked after a moment, her voice muffled. "For trying to escape?" "No," he replied, his voice quiet. She was starting to feel delirious, but she thought she felt his grip on her tighten. Still, she detected an uneasiness in his posture that put her on edge as she closed her eyes and allowed herself to be carried off. Author's Note: Sorry this one took a while! The last two weeks have been hectic. As always, thank you so much for the reviews! They mean a lot and I read them all. I'm delighted to hear that so many people like my story! More chapters to come; hopefully my life calms down in the next few days so that I have more time to write. Give me a shout at .com or leave some comments in a review! Much love, readers. Chapter 10 Kylo shifted Rey's weight in his arms, freeing a hand so that he could close the hatch of the TIE fighter. It was a small space- cluttered with buttons and levers- and holding a sleeping girl in his arms didn't make it any easier to maneuver within the craft. Finally, he managed to lower himself into the pilot's seat without causing any injury to the girl or to himself. He took great care in draping her limp, injured body across his lap, cradling her head in the nook of his shoulder with arms outstretched to the controls. He was tense. It had been several weeks since he'd had reason to visit the planet and he hadn't missed it. He peered through the veil of his mask, through the windshield of the spacecraft and out into the desolate, snowy night. The flurries were beginning to thicken and visibility was low, but he wasn't worried. Kylo had been young when he'd discovered that he'd inherited his grandfather's piloting skills, though he rarely flew now. He preferred not to waste his time with such matters when there were plenty of able-bodied First Order troops to do the job for him. Piloting was a brutish, unrefined activity reserved for the Han Solos of the galaxy. A bitter, unanticipated mix of emotions struck him at the thought of his father and he furrowed his brow, desperate to push the unwelcome thought away as soon as it'd intruded. He distracted himself with a quick, pre-flight check of the controls before pushing the throttles of the spacecraft forward and lifting off from the barren wasteland that was Thides-4. TIE fighters were quick, agile vehicles and he wasn't accustomed to the G-forces that overcame his body as the fighter soared upward through the planet's atmosphere. His left arm instinctively wrapped around the girl's form, pulling her closer to him so that she wouldn't fall from his lap. It was then that he finally allowed his eyes to drift downward to her sleeping face. The expression she wore was not one of peace. Rather, prominent shadows had spread across the skin under her eyes and her once-full lips looked twisted into a thin grimace. Sweat was beading across her forehead. He engaged auto-pilot after they exited the planet's atmosphere, then lifted a gloved hand to his mouth and yanked it off with his teeth. A knot was beginning to form in his stomach as he pressed the back of his hand to her forehead. It was fiery hot. He leaned forward, tilting an ear toward her lips and straining his ears for the sound of her breathing. It was rough and staggered. He pulled back, reeling from the sense of desperation that was beginning to overcome him and stealing a quick glance through the windshield. He could see the glinting hull of the Finalizer over the horizon of the planet; it was silhouetted in the weak, distant sunlight of the system's star. Then he shifted his attention back to Rey and pushed a damp strand of hair out of her face, glancing down at the deep and gnarled gash that one of the predators had left in her shoulder. "Is this what you think of me?" He whispered. "That you find risking death preferable to enduring my company?" Suddenly, he was struck once more by the memory of her standing in his room, regarding his grandfather's helmet in horror. It was the same look of horror he'd seen on her face from across the room at the moment of Han Solo's death, when he'd glanced into the rafters and seen her standing there with FN-2187. The traitor. The traitor he'd almost killed, on two occasions. The traitor she'd been so desperate to save. She'd traded her freedom for his life without a second thought. How little you must think of me , he thought, peering down at her face once more. A lump rose in Kylo's throat, accompanied by an undercurrent of self-loathing that was thundering through his veins and he found it suddenly difficult to swallow. His eyes shifted away from her sleeping form and down to the floor of the spacecraft. She was so lonely. He'd sifted through her mind and memories that day on Starkiller and he'd seen her past for what it was . A miserable , lonely existence on a backwater planet with nobody to care for or look after her. He'd felt every ounce of her desperation, her feelings of abandonment, and how she hungered for somebody, anybody to call kin. And she had no one. No one other than the crolute who called himself Unkar Plutt; more fish than man, and just as thoughtless. He'd seen the way that vile creature looked at the girl with lustful, wandering eyes as if he were admiring a prize. Kylo's hands balled into fists at the thought and his jaw clenched shut. But he was no better. FN-2187 and Han Solo were the only friends the girl had ever had and Kylo had felt the way she cared for them. How much they meant to her. And he'd taken both of them from her. Just as quickly as they'd come into her life, they were gone. And now she was alone again. Monster , she'd called him. He scowled. She was better off without such influences in her life, he told himself. His gaze shifted back to the girl. Just then, he noticed that the arm that held her felt damp. His eyes widened. Gingerly, he leaned Rey forward into his other shoulder so that he could examine her back. Her wounds were still bleeding and they'd been quick to take on a swollen, festered appearance. The sleeve on his arm that'd held her was soaked through with the red liquid and already, he detected a septic scent in the recycled air of the TIE fighter. He'd never seen that sort of beast before and hated to think of the venoms and bacteria that might cover their fangs. She needed immediate medical attention. Kylo's limbs had grown tense with worry and his pulse was fluttering in his chest. They were approaching the ship and he knew they'd be onboard soon, but he found that the thought gave him little comfort. If he took her to the Medical Bay, he'd run a higher risk of exposing her attempt at escape. An image of Hux's sneering face popped into his head and he pursed his lips into a thin, straight line. No, decided. He wouldn't allow the general to find out. The fighter was welcomed into the belly of the ship and the auto-pilot function guided the craft into a smooth, effortless landing in the hangar. Immediately, Kylo began searching his feelings for Hux's presence and was relieved to find that the general was nowhere near. He would have to be careful. He did, however, detect an officer's presence waiting for them outside the spacecraft. "Sir," the officer protested as Kylo emerged from the ship with the girl in his arms. "Sir, our records indicate an unauthorized departure— " "I was utilizing the planet's hostile environment for training purposes," Kylo quipped, irritated that an officer would challenge his actions. One of Hux's men, he thought as his lips drew back into a snarl behind the mask. "Ah, very well," the officer began. "I won't have you questioning my methods, officer. There was nothing extraordinary about my visit to the planet, though I wouldn't expect someone in your position to understand," Kylo scathed, boring into the officer's very soul as he spoke. "There will be no need to escalate this report." "Sir," the officer acknowledged. And with that, Kylo slipped out of the hangar- girl in his arms, and into the dark corridors of the ship. He punched his key code into the access pad outside of his door with frustrated haste and flew through the entrance as soon as it opened to lay Rey down on the sofa in his sitting area. He was about to turn on his heel to find a medical droid when he realized his personal droid had been replaced and instead of leaving, he ordered it to seek out the help he needed. Kylo was pacing. He felt sick to his stomach. How had he let this happen to her? How had it taken him so long to consider that the beasts carried a sinister infection in their fangs or claws? He paused to look at her; then he walked briskly to the sofa and took a knee at her side, examining her face at eye level. Her face had paled and her breathing was more labored now than it'd been when he had first carried her onto the TIE fighter. The bruises around her eyes had darkened and her skin appeared as if it'd been pulled tight over her cheekbones and jaw. And then his eyes fell to her lips. They were parted, but only slightly, and he noticed that they held a dry, cracked appearance. His eyes lingered there a moment longer before he lifted an ungloved, urgent hand to her forehead once more and he was horrified to sense that her temperature had increased. He shot to his feet in an instant, ripping his lightsaber from his belt and igniting the plasma blade. Fury coursed through his being, taking hold of his limbs and building within his muscles like a spring. This was his fault. He'd driven her away. Kylo lifted the blade above his head, ready to swing at nothing and everything all at once but then the door to his quarters slid open all the sudden and a medical droid entered. He froze. The droid took no interest in the humming saber in his hand and instead took its place at Rey's side, immediately beginning its measurements. The storm within him seemed to quell at the sight of it and he collapsed the blade, hooking its hilt back onto his belt. He inhaled a deep, shaky breath and crossed the room to stand above the sofa. "Will she be alright?" He snapped at the droid, hearing an urgency in his own voice that made him feel exposed. "She requires immediate attention," the droid replied in its polyphonic voice, drawing a tube-full of blood from Rey's arm with a needle. "Her bloodstream appears to be infected," the droid added. Kylo felt as if a fist had clenched around his heart at the droid's words and he started pacing again as the droid continued to work. "Have you encountered this before?" He demanded, hand hovering above the hilt at his side. He watched the droid inject Rey with a dark, violet-tinted substance and a spurt of bile rose into the back of his throat. "No, but I assure you, my databases—" "I assure you, you will never access your databases again if—" The droid ignored his threat. "Master Ren, I will need to remove her clothing so that I may cleanse and mend the wounds," it stated. He froze in his tracks and watched as the droid's apparatuses worked to turn Rey onto her stomach and then as it began to cut her garments from her body, starting from the hem at the base of her back. Immediately, Kylo felt his cheeks flush with heat and he pivoted to face the other way. He felt the lump return to his throat and he crossed his arms, as if defending himself against the warm, fluttering sensation that had manifested in his lower abdomen. "I'll wait in the other room," he managed, flustered. In that moment, he was thankful that the droid wasn't capable of analyzing human behavior. He took a seat on his bed and felt suddenly stifled, so he lifted his hands to the sides of his helmet and it emitted a hissing sound as he pulled it from his head. His thick, raven hair was damp with sweat and he ran his long, knobby fingers through his locks in unease. The way his body was behaving was a natural response to the thought of an unclothed woman, he knew, but it made him feel grimy and primitive. He hung his head in his hands, once more pushing his fingers through his hair and pulling at its roots. "Droid," he barked, realizing his personal droid had followed him into his bedroom. He crossed to his dresser and opened one of the drawers to find a pair of black, drawstring pants and a simple, black tunic top. He passed it to the artificial lifeform. "For the girl," he explained. Then he returned to his seat on the bed after the droid left the room and waited. The minutes dragged on, though he couldn't have waited for more than an hour before the medic droid appeared in his doorway. "I believe the girl will make a full recovery," it stated. "But she needs rest. She is sedated for now." He looked up. A wave of relief engulfed him and he sighed, releasing a mountain of tension from his body. Suddenly, he felt exhausted. His anxiety had drained him. "Thank you," he replied. "Please keep this incident confidential." The droid beeped a response before rolling from the room and he heard the main doorway hiss as it exited. His body felt as if it were made of lead as he crossed his bedroom to the sitting area, but the weight evaporated the moment he saw her unconscious form. Already, he noticed a difference. The color had returned to her face and she looked at ease. There was no blood in sight, though her bandaged wounds were now covered by a clean set of clothing. He strode to her side and once more took a knee next to her so that he could look upon her at eye-level. He stared long and hard at her, furrowing his brow. What was she dreaming about? He extended a hand towards her temple, tempted to look, but then he allowed his fingers to ball into a fist and fall to his side instead. "I'm sorry," he whispered, shifting his gaze to the floor as feelings of guilt trickled into his mind like sand through a sieve. Then his eyes flickered to the odd angle of her head against the stiff sofa and without thinking, he hooked one arm under her knees and the other beneath her shoulders, lifting her into the air. She would have his bed. He held her as if she might shatter as he carried her to his bedroom, taking extreme care as he laid her down on his mattress. Then he pulled the dark sheets over her sleeping form and left the room. Author's Note: Hey everybody! Thank you again for all of the encouraging and supportive reviews! Seriously, I'm doing this for you guys and it keeps me going. Sorry you had to wait so long for this one. Work has been crazy busy, but looks like things are dying down a bit. Let me know what you think or give me a shout on Tumblr . Chapter 11 A full forty-eight hours passed before the sedative wore off and Rey woke. When she finally opened her eyes, she found herself in a strange room, wrapped in unfamiliar sheets. She sat up and rubbed the drowsiness from her eyes as her pupils adjusted to the dim lighting and she began to regain her bearings. She was lying in a bed and despite the absence of anything differentiating about the room, she realized she had been there before. It was Kylo's bedchamber. Her eyes immediately shot to the pedestal that stood adjacent to the bed; where she'd discovered the haunting remains of a man she'd previously thought only existed in legends. They were gone. The sleek surface of the furnishing was empty and she found herself exhaling a sigh of relief. What had happened? Her stomach sank as a saddening realization dawned on her. She was back on the ship . The last thing she remembered was being caught in a snow flurry on that frozen, barren planet where the star destroyer made berth. And those monstrous creatures with slit-like eyes and fangs as sharp as razorblades. Her hand went to her shoulder as she remembered the way one of the beasts had pounced on her and she tensed. There was a bandage there now, but the skin underneath was tender and sore. She leaned forward with caution and the way the skin of her back felt tight and sensitive as it stretched told her she'd sustained injuries there as well. And there was an aching in her gut. This particular sensation, however, was nothing new to her. She was starving. She peered at the door of the chamber, wondering what waited for her behind its bounds. Was she alone? The thought of him waiting for her on the other side made her heart flutter with nervousness. Slowly, Rey slid her legs out of bed and realized she was clothed in black garments several sizes too large for her. Her cheeks flushed with heat and she suddenly felt very self-conscious. She certainly hadn't been wearing this when she'd made her attempt at escape. Did he see…? She gulped. How long had she been in his bed? Had he…attempted anything? She pulled her arms to her chest, folding them in discomfort. She rubbed the bridge of her nose, searching for the last thing she remembered. She didn't remember making it back to the ship. But then…she did remember him arriving on the planet, lightsaber in hand. She remembered the way its jagged light cut through both the darkness and the sordid flesh of the predators, aiding her in her fight. He'd saved her. If he hadn't arrived when he did, she might have... She shuddered, hand returning to trace the bandage over the deep wound in her shoulder. She frowned. Was her new fate any better? She was back on the ship. Back in Snoke's clutches. And yet, she felt a warm and unfamiliar sensation creeping across her skin as she recalled him carrying her in his arms through the snow flurries. Her stomach twisted into a knot. I'd better eat , she thought, trying to shrug off the sensation and crossing the room to the door. But when she came to the door, the twisting sensation only worsened and she stopped in her tracks. She inhaled a deep breath, focusing on the Force to calm herself. But as she allowed herself to concentrate, she became acutely aware of another presence. It was him. He was waiting for her on the other side of the door, and she was certain he sensed she was awake. There was no way around the situation. She'd have to face him. So she steadied herself, tilted her chin upward and opened the door. Rey froze in the doorway. At first, Kylo didn't look up at her when she entered the room. He was sitting on the sofa with a holobook in his lap and his eyes were intent on the words in front of him. His eyes , she realized. He wasn't wearing the helmet . It was the first time she'd seen him without it since the night on Starkiller, and the sight of his face unnerved her. Next to him on the sofa, she noticed, was a large black blanket strewn in an unfolded fashion. She relaxed at the sight of it, realizing he'd been sleeping on the sofa. But how long had he been sitting there? And how long had she been unconscious? "You're awake," he stated, finally looking up from the holobook. His energy felt more erratic than usual, despite his calm demeanor and the way his dark eyes glittered as he examined her made her feel self-conscious. "How long was I unconscious?" Rey responded in a hurried tone. "Two days." Two days? She couldn't recall another time when she'd slept so long. Then again, she'd never been seriously injured before. Rey cleared her throat, shifting her gaze downward and tugging at the garments she wore. "Di…did you," she stammered, but he cut her off before she could get her question out. "The medic droid clothed and bandaged you," he responded, narrowing his eyes. "You don't have to worry about anything like that. I'm not a savage." There was a cutting edge in his words that sent a pang of guilt through Rey's body. She hadn't directly accused him, but the way his eyes fell back to the holobook made her feel as if she had. She detected a feeling of humiliation in his energy and her eyes widened at the realization that she'd insulted him. Not with words, but with her feelings. She crossed the room to him and took a seat in the armchair, watching him for a moment as he read. He didn't acknowledge her and she pursed her lips, seizing the opportunity to study him unhindered. His features were unique to be certain. His face was long and ovular, with high cheekbones and a prominent nose reminiscent of his father's. Up close, she could see that freckles littered his nose and he had several beauty marks around his mouth. His lips were wide and full, and as she stared at them she couldn't help but wonder when he'd last smiled. She had to admit he was very handsome- though his demeanor and behavior nullified any physical attraction she might have felt towards him. And then there was the scar. The scar she'd given him. It bisected his face, tearing his features in half. At that moment, he glanced up at her with a curious expression on his face and Rey withdrew into herself, wondering if he'd somehow sensed her thoughts. But as she met his eyes, she noticed his expression had softened and her anxiety seemed to evaporate. "Thank you," she muttered before she realized what she was saying. This time, it was his turn to be caught off-guard. Surprise swept across his face in a fleeting instant and his lips parted as if he was unsure of what to say. But then his features settled into an intangible mask and she sensed that his energy had become muffled, as if he were guarding himself against her. "For saving me," she clarified, clearing her throat. "I don't know if I would have survived if you hadn't arrived." "The Supreme Leader would be displeased to find you dead before his plans for you have been fulfilled," he replied, stoic. His eyes fell back to the holobook once more. Rey's heart sank. She didn't know why it hurt her to hear him shrug off her gratitude, but his impersonal manner of speaking felt like a blow to the chest. She scowled and looked away. What did she expect? This man was a murderer. Her captor. Not her friend. He hadn't done her any real favor by coming to her aid. She allowed her gaze to flicker back to him, certain he wasn't looking at her and she couldn't help noticing how rigid his posture was. He held the holobook with one hand and the other lay in his lap, balled into a tight fist. She grimaced. What sort of person was he? He seemed so angry . Her brow furrowed and her gaze fell down to her own lap, where she folded her hands awkwardly, feeling overly aware of herself. I'm being torn apart , she'd heard him say. I want to be free of this pain . She gulped, stealing a glance at him. What sort of anguish could push a person to murder their own father? Suddenly, her stomach growled, cutting through the tense and silent air. She crossed her arms over her stomach as if to silence it, but Kylo was already looking at her. She winced at the spark of pain that shot down her arm from the sudden movement. "I suppose I'll head back to my quarters now," she said, standing up. "No," he said suddenly, catching her wrist in his hand. A small gasp escaped her lips as his skin made contact with hers. He wasn't wearing his gloves. An instant later, he let go, as if her flesh were white hot. "Your injuries," he explained, looking away. "If anyone sees you, they'll become suspicious. And your bandages will need to be changed regularly. Calling a medic droid to your apartment might draw suspicion, but nobody will question me." His voice was low and rough and she watched his throat bob when he finished speaking. "What am I to do?" She questioned, eyebrows knitting together. "You'll stay here until you've healed," he commanded as if it were obvious, pulling the holobook back into his lap. She looked at him, puzzled, and watched his eyes resume scanning the text where he'd left off. "Where am I to sleep? Your bed—" "I'll sleep on the sofa. A few more days won't make a difference," he answered without looking at her. "But it's inconvenient," Rey added. "You're right," he snapped, tossing the holobook aside and looking at her. "And if you injure yourself attempting to escape again, I might not be so patient." She recoiled from the flare of emotion that burst forth from his body. Whatever mental shield he'd been maintaining seemed to falter momentarily and her senses were overwhelmed with his energy. She was suddenly inundated in a flood of bitterness and self-loathing. He was lonely , so lonely , and he resented himself for desiring human company. Her company. And she didn't need the Force to tell her that she'd wounded his pride in leaving. The look in his eyes told her that much. And then as quickly as the emotion appeared, it was muted again. He'd regained control. Which made her wonder if she was broadcasting her own thoughts and feelings in his presence. She couldn't feel him in her head like she had that day on Starkiller Base, but she hadn't been actively blocking him out, either. And she was alarmed to realize that the loneliness she'd felt emanating from him, however brief, had left an aftereffect on her body and in her soul. It was a feeling she knew all too well, and one she didn't care to remember. She hadn't experienced such hopeless abandonment and despair since her days on Jakku. Then she allowed her gaze to lock with his and she was startled by the burning intimacy she saw in his glittering brown irises. "I'm sorry," she whispered, speaking without thinking. "For breaking my promise." He stared at her, lips parting once more and she swore she saw his eyes widen ever so slightly. But then her stomach growled again and his eyes fell to her torso. "Droid," he barked at the personal droid across the room, standing up and pulling his gloves on as he did so. "Prepare a meal for my guest." He reached down to the helmet at his feet, pulling it on over his head. "Whatever she wants," he added, and Rey was startled by how different his voice sounded as it was filtered through the mask. Then he crossed the room to the exit, punched the access pad and was gone, leaving Rey alone. Author's Note: Thanks for the patience and sorry for leaving you all hanging for two weeks! Like I said, work has been busy but I'm not abandoning this fic. Thanks for sticking with me. Hope you liked the chapter and please let me know your thoughts! Chapter 12 Kylo was on edge. He'd been unable to stop thinking about the girl from the moment he'd left the room. She'd apologized for breaking her promise and leaving him. Unwarranted, she'd apologized. He sat upright in his seat at the conference table, gloved palms heavy against its smooth surface and jaw clenched tight. His heart was racing in his chest and the longer he sat still, the more nauseous he became. Looking at the General's rodent-esque face didn't help. Resistance activity was the last thing on his mind and he didn't know how much longer he could stand to listen to Hux's domineering voice. The man was revolting in every way, Kylo thought, scowling behind his mask. One of the First Order's mines on the moons of Neymia had been attacked by Resistance fighters. A small feat, and he wasn't concerned. Although, he thought, maybe an excursion would be good for him. Neymia was lightyears away; the girl's wounds would heal before he returned. And when he did, she'd be gone from his apartments and with any luck, gone from his mind as well. But that was not the case at present. No, she hadn't left his thoughts once in the hours since he'd left her alone in his quarters. He ground his teeth together at the realization. And he was torn. The thought of returning to his quarters to see her waiting there in clothes that were too large for her petite frame- his clothes- made him simultaneously excited and sick to his stomach. The Supreme Leader was right. She was a distraction. How much time and energy had he wasted already, looking after her? And thinking about her? "Ren," Hux snapped, pulling Kylo out of his thoughts. "Have you heard a word I've said?" He hadn't. Kylo remained silent. The General didn't deserve any more than that. "I didn't think so," Hux spat. "I was just informing the officers that we may have discovered the whereabouts of General Organa and major Resistance operatives. We'll be engaging reconnaissance agents to confirm the information we've received, but in anticipation that the rumors prove correct, we've begun to organize an offensive. I thought this might be of interest to you, but it seems your thoughts are…elsewhere," Hux sneered. Kylo's stomach lurched. Was he really so transparent? Before he knew what was happening, the frustration that had been welling within him was unloosed. Kylo sprung to his feet, throwing a hand forth in Hux's direction and paralyzing him with the Force where he stood. Then, he circled the table with vindictive anticipation until he was standing at Hux's side, breathing down his neck. The officers looked on in shock, mouths agape. "Sir," Phasma protested, but Kylo wasn't listening. "Don't mock me, General," he hissed, delving into Hux's mind with reckless abandon. The General's face contorted in pain, eyes instantly beginning to water. "Perhaps the Supreme Leader would be interested in learning about your indiscretions on your most recent trip to Mos Eisley. The First Order operates under a confidentiality agreement, General. Perhaps you've forgotten signing it," Kylo seethed. He allowed himself to dig further into the General's mind, not realizing that he was searching for anything in particular until after he'd found it. Hux's encounter with Rey in the shower room. The stray thoughts of Rey that crossed the General's mind, from time to time. The memory of her soaking wet clothes clinging to her thin, vulnerable frame. The deeper Kylo dug, the more twisted the General's face became, until he let loose an agonizing yelp. The sound of it snapped Kylo back into the present moment and he released the General from his grasp. The room was silent, save for a whimper that escaped Hux's lips and Kylo's quivering breath. All eyes were on him and he could almost taste the fear that saturated the room. Without another word, he turned on his heel and made for his exit. He didn't owe any of them an explanation. And Hux deserved worse, Kylo fumed. Especially after the filth he'd witnessed in the General's mind. And yet, he couldn't help recalling the memory of Rey's soaking body as he stormed out of the room. Couldn't help the rush of heat he felt when he recalled her wet hair sticking to her cheeks, and the curves of her chest and inward hem of her waist under the wet clothes. He swallowed a lump in his throat, clenching his hands at his sides and struggling to quell the rage within him. Rage towards Hux; and towards himself. He pushed the image from his mind as he stormed down the corridor. He was weak. He wasn't an animal. He should be better than that. He was a direct descendant of the most powerful Force user in Galactic history; he should be able to control his instincts. He wasn't like Hux. He was headed towards his quarters, but the nearer he got, the more he realized that he didn't know what he would say to her when he got there. That she was a distraction? That she needed to leave? That she should remain by his side, so that he could protect her from the wandering eyes and motivations of the General? His breathing was ragged and heavy, though it had nothing to do with his pace. Finally, he reached the door to his quarters, but he found himself hesitating to go inside. He extended a gloved hand to the access pad, but lowered it almost immediately. She was in there. He could feel her presence. It was like a warm, steady glow, humming its rectitude and strength through the Force. And he resented her for it. Resented her, and resented himself for being drawn to it like a moth to a flame. He leaned the forepart of his helmet against the door, defeated and taking great care to mute his own energy and thoughts. When had this begun? When had it really begun, he wondered, slumping to the floor. And now that he thought about it, he realized it had been months since he'd gone a day without thinking about her. Even before their first face-to-face meeting in the forest on Takodana, she'd plagued his dreams. It hadn't been personal, then. Just irritating. But she'd captivated him from the moment he first laid eyes on her. She'd been muddying his thoughts, infringing on his decision-making and mental clarity from the very beginning. She was strong in the Force. An equal. A mirror of himself. When he'd sifted through her thoughts and feelings that day on Starkiller Base, he hadn't been certain as to where his own mind ended and hers' began. She shared his loneliness. His bitterness. His feelings of mistrust and abandonment. She had no idea how similar they were. His heart was thundering now. His body wrought with nerves. He wanted to protect her; from Snoke, from Hux, from the wandering eyes of the Stormtroopers. From her loneliness. From her sadness. He wanted to teach her. He wanted to teach her everything he knew of the Force, and of the history of the Galaxy, and of his grandfather's vision. He wanted her to know everything he knew. He wanted her to know him . He wanted her. There was no denying it now. He'd wanted her from the moment he'd first carried her in his arms, as though she belonged to him and was his alone. He wanted her to want him the way he wanted her, to feel the warmth of her skin against his and the taste of her mouth. He wanted to feel his hands on her, wanted to see inside her mind and wipe the sadness from her soul. He wanted her to know how she tormented him, how he'd fall to his knees at her feet if she only asked. But she did not belong to him. He pushed himself to his feet, shaking. He felt as though he were suffocating. She would never want him. To her, he was a monster. Her captor, her enemy. A murderer and a traitor and a savage. He was nothing to her. Kylo took off down the corridor, feet falling hard on the smooth floor as he walked. He was blind with anger and anxiety. The worst part of all of it was that she didn't know what she did to him. Couldn't know. He stormed through the door of the training room, the room where just days ago he and Rey had sparred. His hand flew to his lightsaber and he ripped it from his belt, igniting it as soon as the blast doors closed behind him. And he raged. He tore apart the walls, shredding them to pieces with his plasma blade and beating them with his fists. He kicked the ground, ripping his weapon across the floor as well and everything else in sight. He was livid. When he'd raged until he could rage no more, he collapsed to the floor and his weapon collapsed with him. He sat there, huffing and trying to catch his breath for what felt like forever. It must have been hours. At some point, his staggered breathing was no longer a physical symptom, but an emotional one. And all he could think of was her face. Her beautiful face, with her perfect bone structure that was somehow delicate and strong all at once. The rosiness in her cheeks that stemmed from her vivaciousness and the brightness in her sparkling eyes. And the softness in her gaze, despite all the strife that life had dealt her. And the light. It was all around her, and she didn't even know. He yanked his helmet from his head, tossing it to the side to run his fingers through his long, raven hair and trying to calm down between shuddering breaths. He tasted blood in his mouth where he'd bitten his tongue and beads of sweat glistened on his forehead. After some time, his veins no longer felt like they were on fire. He gathered himself, pulling the helmet back on over his head. He paused for a moment to look at the destruction he'd caused, and then he made a swift pivot to exit the room without a second thought. The blast doors hissed as they closed shut behind him. This time, when he arrived at his door, he was able to go inside. Mostly because he sensed that she was asleep. In his bed. He tossed the helmet to the floor as he entered and then he crossed the room to gaze through the transparisteel window and out into empty space. What was happening to him? He hardly understood. There was one thing, however, that he did understand. And that was that he must keep the way he felt to himself. Otherwise, he was sure to lose her. Author's Note: Two updates in one night! Hopefully that's a sufficient apology for my lack of updates as of late. WELL YALL, I HOPE YA LIKED THIS ONE. I hope it satisfied your cravings. PLZ REVIEW I LOVE TO HEAR FROM YOU. Chapter 13 Rey opened her eyes. At first, her vision was blurry and her ears felt as though they'd been stuffed with cotton balls. Her head was pounding, like someone had taken a jackhammer to her skull and was still in the process of splitting it in two. And her mouth. It was as dry as the Goazan Badlands, with a tongue that felt like parchment scraping across her teeth. The scent of salt and sweat and stone filled her nostrils. There was an emptiness, she realized, in her chest; one that she'd not experienced since her days as a young girl on Jakku, back when she'd first begun to realize how bleak her situation really was. You're alone in the world, stupid girl. The crolute's wretched voice bellowed through her mind, making her skin crawl and her chest seize with anxiety. They wouldn't have left you here if they cared, he'd said to her one day in the marketplace. "They wouldn't have left me here if they cared," Rey echoed in a whisper, startled by her own voice. It sounded strange through muffled ears and her throat felt tight. She realized then- as if she didn't have enough ailments- that her entire body ached and she couldn't remember the last time she'd felt this drained. And there was someone else in the room. She sensed a presence standing behind her. It was a looming, sinister presence but it gave her comfort to know she wasn't alone. "You have me now," the presence responded in a low, adenoidal voice. Unkar Plutt's voice, she thought. Was she back on Jakku? Rey rubbed her eyes in an effort to clear away the bleary darkness that surrounded her body and soul. "You know I'll look after you; I always have. I have great need and respect for your talents ," the voice faded into silk as it reached her ears. Two large, domineering hands fell on her shoulders and she shuddered. Her shoulders , she thought. They felt so wide . Her vision began to clear as she regained her senses and her eyes darted around the room, searching its stone walls for some semblance of familiarity. And why did it smell like iron? Then her gaze fell to the floor. She was horrified by what she saw. Bodies. So many bodies. There were more than she could count, draped and bent over each other at odd angles and covered in blood. Some of them bore large, gaping wounds and others looked as though they'd merely fallen asleep. But it was their faces that sent a chill down to the very marrow of Rey's bones. They were children . All of them. Their last words were fresh on their lips. And the scent of blood was overbearing. She was shaking, she realized. Convulsing, even. Her knees felt weak and it took her a moment to realize that the rattling noise she heard came from her teeth. Slowly, Rey raised her hands to her face, only to discover that her hands were covered in blood, too. It was everywhere. And those hands . They were young but worn, and much too large to be her own. "You've done well," the voice whispered, and Rey realized it was no longer Unkar Plutt that was speaking. "The Galaxy, your grandfather- we all owe you our gratitude, young padawan. This is only the beginning." Cracked, overgrown fingernails dug into her shoulders and the mouth that spoke leaned closer still. "From this point forward, you will be called Kylo Ren." Rey let loose a bloodcurdling scream, and this time she knew her voice was her own. She jumped out of bed, wearing her underwear and Kylo's black tunic and she was shaking as she examined her palms, turning them over and inspecting them to verify that they were really hers. They were. She was back in her waking life and back in Kylo's room. Just then, he burst through the door, lightsaber in hand. He wasn't clad in his usual attire. Or much of it, rather. He was wearing fitted black pants that tucked into his usual combat boots, and they were upheld by thick suspenders that stretched over his broad shoulders and the black, long-sleeved shirt he wore underneath. The mask was nowhere in sight. He looked just as shaken as she felt and his dark hair looked disheveled. Rey stood there for a moment before either of them spoke, breathing rapidly and watching his coal-colored eyes dart around the room as he searched for the source of her terror. "Why did you scream?" He uttered with a shallow breath, narrowing his eyes and stepping toward her. He searched her face for a moment before her bare skin caught his eye and his dark gaze fell to her legs. Rey glanced downward, realizing she was unclothed and in an instant, she'd snatched the black comforter from his bed to cover herself. She still felt stiff with anxiety from her nightmare, but her breathing was beginning to slow as her eyes flickered upward once more to meet his face. However, although breathing slowed, her heart didn't stop racing. His cheeks were flushed pink with heat, but it was his gaze that held true fire as he looked at her and he seemed to pierce her very soul with his stare. He took another step closer and Rey clutched the blanket to her chest. She didn't know what to say. She just peered at him in horror and in awe, utterly speechless. It had been his body she'd inhabited in the dream, she knew. And it was Snoke's hands she'd felt on her shoulders, digging into her skin and coveting the power that lay beneath. He'd felt so real . All of it had felt so real, and that terrified her. She was terrified by the fact that in the back of her mind, she knew the truth. That it had all been as real as the man standing in front of her. "What did you see?" He asked in a deadly whisper. He took yet another step toward her and she soon found herself backed into a corner. She could sense the panic and unease in his energy. As her heart whispered its words of truth to her body, it began to ache. Her heart ached with sorrow in a way she hadn't felt in years and the mere memory of the feeling made her eyes sting with tears. She ached for herself, but also for him. His pain had been indistinguishable from her own and it might as well have been hers. Han and Leia had left him. She'd gathered that much from his memory. It had been easier for Leia to dump him on her brother's doorstep and pick up where she'd left off in her old life. Much easier than steering a Force-sensitive child through a violent separation, and much easier than explaining why his father was gone. They hadn't come back for him. Rey inhaled a staggered breath of cold, recycled air and tried her best to blink the tears away from her eyes, but he'd seen them. His brow furrowed into something that resembled concern and her eyes drifted to his lips that were now contorted with a frown. Up close, she could see the rigidity in his muscles and the way his teeth were gritted together like a bear trap. "Tell me what you saw," he demanded, whisper turning heated as he raised a hand toward her face. She flinched on instinct out of fear that he might enter her mind as he had on Starkiller, but also from the memory of the blood that had once stained his skin crimson. As soon as she did, he retracted the hand to run it through his thick, dark hair instead and she watched him tug at the roots in frustration. Then he pulled his index finger into his mouth, hooking it over his teeth and biting down hard as he turned away from her. "How many?" Rey blurted before she could second-guess herself. He turned back to face her, looking expectant as she cleared her throat and hardened herself. "How many of them?" He knew what she meant. She could see it in his eyes and she sensed it in his heart, but he didn't answer her. He just stood there, contemplating her with a stonewall expression and his eyes, which only moments before had been ablaze, now turned to ice. "The gashes," he said after a moment. She frowned in confusion, cocking her head at him. Then he pointed to her shoulder and said, "Your wounds. They'll be gone within a day or two. It seems that you'd prefer I leave you alone until then." She didn't need to be Force-sensitive to feel the bitterness that was emanating from him in that moment. And she knew now that he'd been feeling that way for a very, very long time. Before he was known to the Galaxy as Kylo Ren, he'd been a sad, fearful child. Fear is the path to the Dark Side , Luke had told her. Had he told his young padawan the same thing? "Ben Solo," she uttered as her thoughts betrayed her and it was a moment too late when she realized what she'd done. "What did you say?" His face was incredulous as he stepped toward her once more. "That was your name, wasn't it?" She asked in defiance, locking eyes with him as he leaned over her. He smelled like soap and leather. "That still is your name." He was very, very near to her now and the audacity of his proximity startled her. But to her own surprise, she didn't pull away from him. Rather, she found herself drawn to the undercurrent of his energy and as she looked into his eyes, she couldn't help thinking of them as a door; one she'd entered before. They were a gateway to his mind and the longer she looked, the more curious she became. But at the present moment, she was locked out. "There are a lot of things you don't understand, scavenger," he said after a moment and Rey took a step backward. Had he read her thoughts? And the word scavenger sounded cold and impersonal on his tongue. "But if there is one thing you should know," he continued, leaning in close to whisper in her ear, "it's that you should never allow that name to cross your lips again. The Supreme Leader has carried out executions for far pettier crimes." Rey was so absorbed in his words at that moment that she failed to hear the hiss of the door to Kylo's chambers sliding open. "Pettier crimes than what, young apprentice?" A victorious voice breathed from over Kylo's shoulder. Snoke was standing in the doorway, accompanied by two Stormtroopers. Author's Note: This was a dark one, huh? But Kylo's backstory kinda has to be, doesn't it? Look at you guys, three updates in two days. Hope you liked it! This one was hard to write. It felt risky. But I'm trying to keep the characters authentic and this history is something that must be explored in their relationship. Chapter 14 Kylo froze. A chill shot down his spine, his breath hitching in his lungs and he could feel his eyes straining as his pupils dilated. For the first time in longer than he could remember, he felt afraid . And as he looked Snoke's frail figure up and down, he wondered if his master could sense it. He didn't dare look at Rey—though he could sense her fear and trepidation as well. However, he could also sense a spring of rage—black and frothing beneath all of her anxiety. But he kept his eyes trained on his master and before he knew what he was doing, he found himself instinctively reaching out to the Light to calm himself; to appear even and level-headed. Weakness , whispered a voice in his head. She's a weakness . He gulped. And he caved to it. "It seems Luke Skywalker has enlightened her on the topic of Ben Solo," Kylo uttered, his voice hoarse. He couldn't bring himself to exhume whatever connection had formed between them. Snoke's eyes were stony and scrutinizing before they flickered to Rey. "Of course," he said after a moment. Then his gaze returned to Kylo. "It appears that's not the only havoc the Jedi Master is wreaking on our efforts," Snoke said. "I've come to make a request of you, Kylo Ren. New intelligence suggests that Skywalker recently made contact with Tatooine. Given your history with the planet, I thought you might make a visit." Kylo gritted his teeth, desperate to bury his apprehension and to barricade himself from Rey's feelings. He resented the surge of hope he felt from her at the mention of Skywalker's name—and he wondered if Snoke could sense it, too. "Skywalker's treason won't soon be forgotten," the apprentice acknowledged, nodding his head and tucking his balled fists behind his back. "You might take your... pupil with you," Snoke commented, narrowing his eyes and Kylo's face drained of color as he realized that Rey was hardly clothed. "There is much for her to learn where Skywalker is concerned." And then he was gone. It wasn't until after the blast doors had closed behind him that Kylo allowed himself to breathe. Almost as soon as he exhaled, his muscles seized once more and he walked swiftly to the sitting room. He didn't look at Rey as he passed. Instead, he retrieved his helmet from where it'd landed on his chamber floor and pulled it on over his head. Then he began to re-assemble himself, donning the rest of his usual ensemble that he'd discarded about the sofa several hours before. He continued to ignore Rey as she stepped out from his bedchamber. He merely fastened his cowl and moved swiftly to the opposite side of the room where he directed his gaze through the Transparisteel window. "Luke's alive," he heard her whisper and it cost him great effort to refrain from exploding. He hated the sound of the Jedi's name on her tongue. "And so long as he remains that way, he poses a threat to peace," Kylo replied, his tone void of emotion. "Luke's fighting for peace," she snapped. "He's fighting to restore the democracy his father destroyed," she added, her voice quieting. Kylo pivoted on his heel, rage taking hold of his form and as he backed her up against the wall of his chamber, a small part of him was thankful that she couldn't see his stricken face. "Is that what he told you?" Kylo hissed. "Or is that what General Organa would have you believe?" He loomed above her and for the first time, he found himself noticing their difference in height. However, she didn't shy away from him. "Take off your mask," she said, glaring daggers through her light brown eyes. "What?" He uttered, caught off-guard. "I'm not going to speak to you like this," she insisted. He contemplated her for a moment, peering at her through his mask and considering the steadfastness he saw in her expression—though she couldn't see his. Then he said, "We're not having a conversation." He crossed the room to the blast doors, pausing to look at her in a silent insinuation that she should follow. She looked like she might protest and his brow furrowed, but then she acquiesced and followed him out of the room in silence. When they got to the hangar, there was a guard of Stormtroopers waiting near the winged command shuttle. The Supreme Leader has already made arrangements , he noted, and he snuffed out the twinge of resentment he felt at the thought. "Your presence won't be necessary," he said to the one wearing the red emblem. "General Hux instructed that—," the 'trooper began, but Kylo cut him off. "A pilot will be sufficient," he repeated, boring into the 'trooper's mind as he spoke. "I won't repeat myself again." Then he boarded the ship without another word. He wasn't in his right mind—he hadn't been for a while—and he didn't need Stormtroopers observing him in such a state. As he took a seat in one of the black, leather seats of the passenger compartment, he found himself feeling a sense of self-consciousness he wasn't accustomed to. There weren't many seats to choose from, but Rey picked the one that was farthest from him and he couldn't help relaxing as he scoffed in amusement. She'd been here before—but she wouldn't have remembered. It had been months since their first meeting on Takodana, when he'd stolen her away from her traitorous, murderous friends and taken her to Starkiller Base. He'd lain her in the very seat he sat in now, watching her closely to ensure she didn't slip. He felt like he was going to be sick. The lurching of the spacecraft as it debarked from the hangar didn't help. She had every right to think him a monster. Even more so now, as they departed for a mission to subvert Luke Skywalker—though Kylo knew Rey would be relieved to find he'd be long gone by the time they reached Tatooine. His instincts told him what his uncle's business was, and he knew the Supreme Leader's instincts superseded his own; which only served to deepen his confusion. A visit doesn't seem necessary , he pondered. And then his hands tightened into fists as he berated himself for questioning the Supreme Leader's decisions. Subverting orders was how he'd come into this problem in the first place. If he'd followed protocol and taken the droid instead of the girl, he would've obtained the map. Her Force powers may never have awoken—and this…this connection may never have formed. This interest . There was only one other person who had ever warranted such fascination from him. He stole a sidelong glance at Rey, whose back was turned to him. Her attention was fixated on the Transparisteel floor of the spacecraft. Then he leaned forward, resting his elbows on his thighs and folding his hands together as he followed her gaze. He was well-traveled and had grown up around space crafts, so he was accustomed to the awe-inspiring vacuum before them. But he frowned when he recalled the endless dunes of Jakku that he'd seen in her memories. She'd hardly seen anything. And Tatooine would be less than pleasant. It was a step up from Jakku; that much was certain. Tatooine held some semblance of civilization—if you could call Mos Eisley civilized . At the very least, it was a suitable spaceport which was more than Niima outpost afforded. Still, Kylo hadn't returned to the desert planet since his rejection of Skywalker's teachings and he was less than eager to re-live the memories of his time spent in its wastes. Not a word passed between the two for the duration of the flight. Kylo instructed the pilot to land the shuttle on the outskirts of town, lest they draw unnecessary attention and both of Tatooine's suns had set by the time they touched down on the planet's sandy surface. The First Order didn't maintain much of a presence on the desert body, but he knew Resistance sympathizers were even fewer and farther between. They would go into town, he decided, and they would see what they could learn—and tomorrow they would visit the Jedi Temple. But not tonight. He had no interest in visiting that ruin in the first place, let alone in the vast, unforgiving darkness of Tatooine's desert. A hissing noise resounded through the craft, signifying that the ramp had been dropped and Kylo got up to debark the vessel. As he exited the ship, he could see the silhouette of Mos Eisley's huts and domes against the orange glow of city lights on the horizon. He heard Rey's footsteps behind him, but he didn't look back. Instead, he began trudging his way forward through the sand towards the spaceport. "What is this place?" He heard her voice call through the darkness from behind him and to his dismay, he felt his resolve soften at her naivety. She knows nothing of the Galaxy, its history, its politics or planets , he thought. Certainly not enough to form a valid political opinion, and yet she offers it voraciously. "Did you hear me?" She insisted, catching up with him. "Mos Eisley," he murmured and simply hearing the words out loud revived a reel of memories he cared to forget. "Is that supposed to mean something to me?" She derided. He stopped in his tracks, turning to face her. "I wouldn't expect it to," he replied, cocking his head. Then he turned and resumed walking towards the settlement. "And what do we intend to do in Mos Eisley?" She asked, the scorn in her voice apparent. Kylo tried his best to shove away the pangs of doubt that he felt at her words. They weren't going to find Luke Skywalker—the Supreme Leader had to know that much. But Kylo didn't want to admit to himself that he wasn't sure. "I don't sense Luke's presence," Rey said more to herself than Kylo, echoing his thoughts. He'd known it from the moment they'd entered the atmosphere. "He's not here," Kylo affirmed as they approached the town. It looked more pleasant in the evening than he'd ever seen it in the daylight. There were strings of paper lanterns illuminating the streets and he could sense the nighttime gaiety of the city's indulgent residents. Upbeat music resonated from the town's cantinas—a contrast from the dispirited daytime vibe of the place and he could practically smell the alcohol in the cool, desert air. "Then why are we…here?" Rey whispered, trailing off and he didn't have to look at her to know that she'd been awed by the sight of the place. But he knew better. He knew that Mos Eisley was wretched and wouldn't hesitate to take advantage of unassuming visitors and without thinking, he moved closer to her. "There's an inn farther up the road," Kylo asserted, diverting the question. Rey didn't say anything to that. She was too busy looking—looking at the different building fixtures and pub-goers and sentient species they passed. Kylo tried to ignore the way they seemed to step out of his way, glancing at him for longer than necessary. He could almost taste their fear and wariness. But not hers. She traipsed alongside him, unarmed, unaware and unassuming. He scowled. Skywalker hadn't been very thorough in his training. Then again , thought Kylo, he hadn't had much opportunity. Perhaps that was his fault too, then—that she hadn't garnered sufficient self-defense and awareness in her time on Ach-To. She was so much more than this. He could feel the Force humming and singing all around her, waiting at her beck and call—and yet she had hardly developed the technique to summon it. He would ensure that she did. He'd never met anyone else like her. Never met anyone else like him . "Have you been here before?" She mused. "Yes," he replied. "This way," he added, gesturing for her to follow him down a narrow, dusty offshoot from the main pathway. He halted outside of a small, stucco building wedged between two others whose door was under a rounded archway outlined in golden light. He lifted his hands to the sides of his mask and it emitted a hissing sound as he removed it, drawing into the shadows of the building. "Don't speak to anyone," he insisted, turning to Rey and holding the mask under one arm. "It will save us the trouble of unnecessary questions." He thought he saw her eyes widen slightly, but she didn't say anything, and so he pulled the hood down over his face and proceeded through the doorway. There was a compact, smoky pub filled with music and patrons of all species on the bottom floor of the inn. Kylo had chosen this place in particular because it was small, discreet—and off the beaten path. He proceeded to the bar table, where a Balosar female was tending the bar. He wanted to avoid unnecessary attention and he was pleased to see that no recognition crossed her face as he approached her. "One room with two beds for the night," he said. "You're fortunate I have any rooms left," she replied, scanning his credit chip. Then she gave him the access code and Kylo wasted no time in beckoning for Rey to follow him upstairs. He was exhausted and for the first time in a long time, he was looking forward to sleep. They took the elevator to the third story and Kylo found that their room was at the end of a long, narrow hallway. But when he punched in the access code and the door opened, his stomach lurched. There was only one bed. The room was small and compact with sand-colored walls and low ceilings. As soon as he opened the door, a wave of hot and muggy air assaulted his senses. The room was stuffy and there wasn't a window in sight. The bed was big enough for two, he conceded, but only in theory. "I will sleep on the floor," he uttered, his voice thick. There was no room for questions. He crossed the room and placed his helmet on the end-table before he yanked his cowl over his head and began unstrapping his armor. He saw Rey hesitate in the doorway for a moment before she circled the room to the other side of the bed. Kylo discarded the rest of his armor to the floor, pulled his boots from his feet and unclasped his suspenders until he was left wearing his black trousers and undershirt. It was still hot. "I like this place," Rey said, her words cutting through the tension. Kylo snorted. But when he looked up at her and saw that she'd untied her buns and allowed her chestnut hair to fall to her shoulders, he found himself at a loss for words. He couldn't pull his gaze from her—from the way the candlelight accentuated her sculptured, striking features and the way it glinted in her warm, vibrant eyes. He swallowed hard, trying to quash the lump that'd lodged in his throat. But when he met her gaze, she didn't look away. Instead, her eyes narrowed slightly and in them there was a gentleness he hadn't expected to see. He was certain she was looking at the scar she'd given him. "It's different in the light," he managed. Then he knelt and bundled the clothes he'd stripped off into a make-shift pillow before finally allowing himself to sprawl out on the sandy wooden floor. He closed his eyes and he heard the bed squeak as Rey climbed onto its frame. Then she blew out the candelabra and the room was plunged into darkness. He didn't know how long he laid there in silence, thinking of politics and languages and history and his past—doing all he could to keep his mind from wandering to less-than-saintly thoughts. But he was unsuccessful. He bolted upright in frustration, pulling his sweat-soaked shirt from his body before lying back down. Eventually, he was able to fall asleep. Author's Note: Hey readers, sorry the wait for this one was so long! My life has been a hectic mess and I've been having a perpetual heart attack for about two months now. More coming soon, hopefully. Tumblr handle is starwars-hell, give me a shout on there or as always, I love reading your reviews. Hope you enjoyed! Chapter 15 The morning light came early, shining bright against Rey's eyelids and chasing away the last remnants of cool evening air in the room. She woke sticky with sweat and her hair was matted against her forehead, but for the first time in as long as she could remember, she felt well-rested. She didn't think she'd ever slept in a bed so soft. She was stretching, reaching her arms above her head with a yawn when she stilled. She hadn't come here alone. An overt sense of self-awareness crept over her form and she tugged her white tunic top down over her midriff, which she realized had been exposed. She was statuesque, listening for the sound of his breathing, but she couldn't hear a thing. She was on Tatooine, and she'd come with Kylo Ren. Ben . The name drifted through her mind and she frowned. She didn't sense his jarring, off-kilter presence in the Force and when she leaned over the edge of the bed to steal a peek at where he'd slept, her suspicions were confirmed. He was gone. Her throat tightened. He wouldn't have left me here , she told herself. Hadn't dumped her here on this desert planet to waste away like she had for so many years on Jakku. Scenarios were racing through her head. She could survive here. She'd find a way back to the Resistance base, back to Finn and Leia and Luke. She was stronger now. She'd dreamed of Han and Leia. Luke was there, too. No . Luke was here . He'd been here on Tatooine in her dream. They all had—their faces young and full of life. She couldn't shake the sensation that the dream hadn't been her own. That instead, she'd been seeing his dreams, his memories of little Ben Solo and feeling the heartache that came with. She was so preoccupied with her thoughts that she didn't notice the return of a familiar presence. A knock on the door startled her and she jumped, grabbing the sheets of the bed to cover herself, despite being fully clothed. She was more on edge than she realized. Kylo walked in. Her gaze immediately fell on his face, which was unmasked. He looked different, she thought. Perhaps it was the dark circles under his eyes or the unkempt mess that was his hair or the way his lips looked more wan than they should've been, but she suddenly felt nervous. He was more man than monster now, standing there in the morning light. And there was no denying the masculine breadth of his shoulders, the Adam's apple that bobbed in his throat when he looked at her and the way his body looked toned and firm beneath the dark tunic he wore. Her breath hitched. "Here," he said, tossing her a bundle of fabric and snapping her out of her daze. It was a cloak. Light and airy and brown, the color of Jakku sand. "I want to avoid drawing attention," he said. For a moment, part of her questioned it. Was he worried her friends would catch wind of her whereabouts? Her brow furrowed. Something in her gut, however, told her to trust him. "Are you unwell?" he asked. Her mouth popped open and she swore she saw something like concern flicker in his eyes. Something like compassion. Something genuine. It was a sentiment she'd been entirely unfamiliar with up until three months ago. "I'm fine," she stammered. She realized he was holding a mug, the scent of its contents drifting across the room to her nostrils and her stomach grumbled audibly. "Take this," he said, stepping forward and extending the mug towards her. Her fingers grazed his hand when she took it and her eyes flickered reflexively to his, but his expression was impenetrable. She ignored the jolt of electricity that shot through her at his touch. "What is it?" she said, sniffing the dark liquid. "Caf," he frowned and Rey blinked. "You've never had it?" She shook her head no. She'd been lucky when she didn't have to fill her canteen from the happabore trough in Niima Outpost. "You drink it in the morning to wake up," he said. "Or if you're General Hux, you drink it in perpetuity," he said spitefully. Rey cocked her head at him. She didn't want to think about the General, but…was he making a joke? They locked eyes for a moment, but then Kylo shifted his gaze to the floor and Rey glanced down to the frothy beverage in her hands, sipping its contents. Her eyes brightened with delight. It was delicious. "You like it?" he asked. The way his eyes seemed to linger on her lips made her swallow hard. "I've never had anything like it," she said, beaming. His expression softened, his eyes lingering on her face for a moment more before he turned from her. "There's a speeder parked in front of the inn," he said. "We can take it to the temple and…evaluate Skywalker's reasons for returning." Returning. His tone darkened and there was a rigidity in his posture that hadn't been there a moment before. She followed him out of the room and down through the tavern, eyeing the empty bar table as they passed it on the way out. "Temple?" Rey repeated, pulling the hooded cloak over herself. A vision of Han Solo flashed in her mind. He was training a new generation of Jedi. One apprentice—a boy—turned against him, destroying it all . Ben Solo. The nightmare she'd had in his bed. And all of those bodies. Luke, Leia, Han. She'd been dreaming of his past. It was here, her senses told her. It had all been here. Kylo didn't answer and deep down, she was thankful. Something was rippling off of his presence in the Force. Anxiety? Trepidation? She wasn't sure. Instead, he hopped on the speeder bike and powered it on, gesturing to the seat behind him. "Get on," he said. "I can fly it," she said, crossing her arms and gawking at the seat behind him. "I know how to pilot a speeder." "I don't doubt that," he replied. "But you don't know where we're going." He had a point, she conceded. Still, the idea of hopping on the end of the bike, wrapping her arms around him— "I'd like to get there before the sun sets," he said. Her mouth hung open. But it'd only just risen . He was being snide with her. Scowling, she swung a leg over the back of the bike, settling into its rusty seat and contemplating for a moment whether it would be possible to ride along without holding onto him. No, she realized. It was an old, tarnished thing and she didn't know what the terrain on Tatooine would be like—even if it was uncomfortably similar to Jakku. Slowly, she slid her arms around the middle of his torso. His body was firm and warm beneath her hands and she could feel the coils of his stomach muscles beneath her fingers. Blood rushed to her head. It's really hot , she told herself, ignoring the way a different sort of heat seemed to rush to her center as he shifted the bike into gear. Ignoring the way something shifted in his energy at her touch. The bike lurched forward with an inertia she wasn't expecting and her hold on him tightened. She leaned her head against his back, closing her eyes to shield them from the flecks of sand the speeder kicked up as they rounded corners and buildings on their way out of town. Both of the planet's suns were already high in the sky and Rey held onto the hood of her cloak as they sped over the glittering sand dunes, wishing she had her goggles. She didn't know how long they traveled; it had to have been hours that she sat there with the desert wind nipping at her skin, making her cheeks raw. Her thoughts drifted out across the sea of sand, back to her humble AT-AT home on Jakku. It'd been over three months since she'd left now and she wondered what had become of the place. Perhaps Teedos had scoured it for belongings worthwhile when they realized she wasn't coming back. Or maybe Unkar Plutt had ransacked it, selling it for scrap out of spite. She didn't know, and it warmed her heart to realize she didn't care, either. It had never been home. A structure was looming on the horizon and Rey stiffened. Subconsciously, she tightened her grip around Kylo's middle as if to steady herself. She wasn't sure what waited ahead; wasn't sure what Kylo was looking for or why Snoke had sent them here under such vague instructions in the first place. All she knew was that it wouldn't be easy. The speeder glided to a stop in front of a large, trapezoidal structure constructed of sandstone that shimmered like diamonds under the blazing suns. There was a pillar planted on each side of the temple; North, South, East and West. In the center of its façade, Rey saw a pair of blast doors that had been badly damaged and singed. She was feeling more anxious about entering now that she peered through the rock and metal debris into the darkness that loomed within and she cast a sidelong glance at Kylo, just as he called his lightsaber from his belt to his hand. "In case we come across any infestations," he said when he saw her staring at the hilt in his grasp. And then she was back on Starkiller Base, watching him ignite his red, unstable blade as he advanced on her—the violent glow of its energy reflected in his eyes. He was on the ground, his face seared and the wound in his shoulder gaping as she turned and fled. Her eyes trailed from his right arm, over his shoulder and up to the mark across his face. What other marring lay beneath that tunic? She realized she was staring, and to her surprise he was looking back at her. When she met his eyes he didn't look away. "This way," he said, beckoning for her to follow him. "What about me?" she said, nodding pointedly at his lightsaber. "What am I to defend myself with?" "Skywalker didn't teach you any non-violent defense tactics?" Kylo replied, one corner of his mouth curving upward ever so slightly. Rey glowered. "I had a weapon until your lackeys stole it away," she snapped. "Lackeys?" he laughed, but his smile didn't reach his eyes. Still, the sound of it surprised her. "Better hope we're alone, then." She didn't sense any life forms, but she knew from her years on Jakku that some life—of the lowest form—found decrepit, parasitic ways to survive. Rey swallowed. She thought of her teachings, breathing in slowly and calming herself as she followed him inside. They stepped into a large open space and the only lighting was dim and streaming in through small windows near the ceiling. She nearly bumped into Kylo when he stopped in his tracks ahead of her. No training, dreams or premonitions could have prepared her for what she saw ahead. It was a funeral pyre. A stone, tub-like structure in the center of the room, filled to the brim with ashes. The room still smelled like cinders, Rey realized. She could practically taste the smoke on her tongue and suddenly her mouth felt like it was full of ashes. At the foot of the pyre, there were three helmets—not unlike the one Luke had gifted her during her time with him on Ach-To. She gaped. Silent horror crept over her from her head to her toes and her blood ran cold in her veins. She felt like she was going to be sick. Bodies. So many bodies, and the scent of iron was overwhelming. This is only the beginning , Snoke's voice purred. Rey cupped a hand to her mouth, stumbling backwards. No no no no no. He'd come back to bury his dead, she realized. The fallen. The murdered padawans. Jedi Killer, they called him onboard the ship. This was where he'd earned his moniker. Kylo turned towards Rey, his face paler than normal and for once, she wished he was wearing the helmet. She didn't want to see his face, didn't want to look into those eyes—eyes in which she thought she'd seen compassion, thought she'd seen a soul—but now all she saw was death in those dark, pooling irises. The ashes, she thought with a gasp. There were so many of them. It'd been years, six years since everything had gone wrong—that's what Luke had said. For six years the corpses had been left to rot, picked apart by godless desert lifeforms and scavenger rats like herself. But he'd come back to give them a proper burial—to say goodbye. Bile was burning the back of her throat and then she was vomiting through her fingers. The scent of it infiltrated her nostrils, making her stomach churn and she spilled again. She choked through a sob. I can't stay here , she thought. Couldn't look at his face. Not when she'd seen their still, stricken expressions in her dream—not when she knew Luke and what they'd meant to him. What Ben had meant to him. She ran. Kylo reached out for her as she turned on her heel, his cold fingers closing around her wrist and a silent plea was written all over his face. But Rey couldn't stay. She bolted, slipping from his grasp and nearly stumbling over a bouquet of starflowers on the ground as she fled the temple. She bounded across the sand, sensing him on her heels but she kept running. She leapt onto the speeder, and shifted it into its highest gear as fast as she could. It surged forward, shooting over the sand like lightning and Rey clung to the handlebars for dear life with her vomit-soaked hands, sputtering sand out of her mouth in between sobs. She didn't look back. Author's Note: DO YOU GUYS HATE ME? THE GOODS ARE JUST AROUND THE CORNER, I PROMISE. Bear with me! Sorry for the long wait that's become the norm as of late. I've been grinding away on my original novel. That being said, I just wanted to say I really appreciate all of the great reviews you guys have been giving me. I re-read them several times each and it makes my day when I get the email notification that someone left a comment. Thanks for sticking with me for so long! PAYOFF IS NEAR. Chapter 16 Rey was flying over the dunes, clinging to the speeder with white knuckles and leaning into the handlebars as if she could somehow make the vehicle go faster than it already was. It was already in top gear. The suns were blazing, glinting off the grains of sand that glittered like little shards of glass in the light. It was flying into her face, stinging her eyes and clinging to her skin, but trying to get her hood to stay up was useless. Sweat was beading on her forehead and she desperately wished that she had her goggles. That she had anything to remind her of who or what she was, because right now she didn't know. It'd been a while since she'd piloted a speeder and she was grateful to have something to focus on. She couldn't bear to think of him . Of that . Nevertheless, she was a long way from Mos Eisley and she could only count the sand dunes for so long. More than anything, she was angry with herself for not expecting it. How had it caught her off-guard? She knew better than anyone what he was. What he was capable of. She'd watched him murder his father with her own eyes. So why, for the life of her, was she surprised? Because she'd been blinded. By what exactly? She didn't know. Something that tugged at her gut and turned her stomach inside-out. Something that made her feel like smiling and vomiting all at once. Was it desperation? Was she that desperate for human interaction that she'd welcome any person willing to show her an ounce of kindness into her heart? She was a scavenger for Force's sake. How had she failed to be discerning? Because he had shown her kindness. He was unconventional to be sure and his social skills were no better than hers, but he'd been kind to her in his weird, off-kilter sort of way. Sometimes, if she were being honest with herself, she even felt like he cared for her. He'd been rude and standoffish, but it'd been a long while since he'd been anything other than accommodating. Hours passed and to her dismay, all she could think of was their time together, desperate to pinpoint where her opinion of him had started to change. When she came to a valley of sandstone boulders and plateaus, she veered off the trail and urged the speeder up a hill. She wasn't far from Mos Eisley now. She could sense the life forms of its residents in the Force nearby. Rey dismounted the speeder at the top of a mesa and walked to the very edge of it, taking a seat with her legs dangling over the side of the cliff. Two suns , she thought, looking at the blazing fireballs that hoverered above the seemingly endless desert. She didn't know it was possible. She hadn't known a lot of things were possible up until a few months ago. She certainly would never have guessed that she'd be studying the Force with Luke Skywalker, moving objects with her mind and learning to use a millennia-old weapon she'd thought only existed in fairytales. When did Ben discover his abilities ? She thought. Kylo , she corrected herself. He was Kylo now. His choices had forever changed him and Ben Solo was no more. No matter what happened, he could never be that person again. A sob escaped her lips and she hung her head in her hands, smothering her tears with the heels of her palms. "What did he do?" she whispered aloud. She felt afraid. For both of them. He'd been a normal child once, born to a family she envied and trained by one of the greatest Jedi Masters in recorded history. If someone like that was capable of such horrors—and probably many more—then what was she capable of? She was an orphan for all she knew, abandoned on a junkyard planet and left for dead. There were plenty of holes in her resolve in which bitterness could grow. And then what? Would she become like him? No, she thought. She was already like him. She didn't want to admit how similar the two of them were. Lonely, abandoned and afraid. Stubborn and insecure. If someone like him could commit such atrocities, she could too. She sat there for hours, the thought looping in her mind like a broken holo. She was so afraid. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering . That's what Luke had taught her. Luke had taught her lots of things, but if there was one thing he'd been silent on it was his nephew. And then slowly, something seemed to click. Luke had already forgiven him . That was why he'd come back. To make peace with his wayward apprentice. To do anything else would contradict her teacher's principles. There was nobody waiting for him here on Tatooine; his pupils had long since rejoined the Force. The flowers on the ground. The ashes. It was all as if to say burn this down. You can start anew. He was trying to show his nephew the way home. Tears rolled down Rey's cheeks. For a while, great sobs shook her chest. She hugged her knees, watching as the suns began to fall towards the horizon. The shadows grew long and the sky turned as red as blood, and with it so did the sand. As the suns dropped through the sky, so did the temperature until Rey was shivering. It was getting dark and she could practically feel the desert coming alive. She needed to get back into town. Exhausted, she mounted the speeder and made her way back down the plateau. Stars were appearing in the sky like little holes being poked through a blanket as she kicked the vehicle into top gear. The desert was so vast, so empty, and suddenly something like guilt began to weigh on her stomach. She'd left him alone out here, far from here, with no way home. No, she told herself. He'll be fine. He has his weapon. He can take care of himself. Rey was grateful when the flickering lights of Mos Eisley appeared on the horizon. It was like waking up from a nightmare when she pulled into town. Her wrists ached and her palms were blistered from the handlebars, but she was relieved. She steered the speeder through the dome-shaped buildings, down several narrow alleyways and hastily dismounted when she arrived at the inn. It was dark by the time she walked inside. The atmosphere was the same as it'd been the night before: the air was thick with smoke and music, the tables packed with bleary-eyed patrons. A few of their eyes lingered on her when she walked in, but none of them stared for long. She wondered if they knew. If they knew her company, and assumed her to be a First Order loyalist as well. She wondered if the reason they didn't say anything was because they were First Order loyalists, too. "Alone?" a female voice said. Rey turned. The Balosar bartender was looking at her with a cocked eyebrow. "Yes," Rey replied, feeling naked under her gaze. "You weren't this morning," she said. "I know." "Why don't you come sit down and have a drink?" she said, gesturing to one of the empty bar stools. "You can tell me about it." "I'm fine, thanks," Rey said. She'd never tasted alcohol in her life. She'd hardly ever had enough portions for food . "How about a cup of caf?" the bartender said and Rey shifted uncomfortably. The look in her eye was all too knowing. Regardless, she wanted something . Maybe a cup of caf would help her set her thoughts straight. She doubted she would be able to sleep much either way. "Alright," she said, taking a seat at the bar table. The bartender grabbed a mug and started pouring her a cup. "Trouble at home?" she said. "What?" Rey replied. "What'd he do?" Rey flushed. "It's not like that. We're not like that." The bartender shot her a look, setting the mug of caf down on the table. "Who are you trying to convince?" she said. "Really, we're not," Rey replied, picking up the mug and sipping the beverage to avoid looking the bartender in the eye. They weren't. Especially not now, when she had no idea how to feel about him. Her emotions were overwhelming her, as though she were choking on every possible feeling all at once. "Tell that to him," the bartender said, pouring a frothy, bubbling beverage for another patron. "What do you mean?" Rey said. "You know what I mean," the bartender replied. "Or do you need me to divulge that I've seen how he looks at you? Do you need me to tell you about how he fought the smile tugging at the corner of his mouth when he came down here to buy two mugs of caf this morning? Or how he has that look in his eye, like a man who's just been brought back from the dead? I don't need to tell you any of that. You already know," she said. Rey stilled. Did she know that? Did she even want that? Had she simply been ignoring it because she didn't want to see it? Her grip on the mug tightened, knuckles whitening again. "You don't know him. Who he is," Rey said. "Oh, bantha shit," the bartender shot back. "I know damn well who he is and so do the rest of us. You think we don't remember? The temple burning, or the New Republic soldiers that flooded our inns when it happened? You insult us," she said. "I'm so sorry, I didn't mean—" "I know you didn't," she said, cutting Rey off. "That's why he likes you. You're everything he's not." Rey gaped at her, but she didn't have time to answer because the blast doors of the inn shot open, nearly causing her to jump out of her seat. And there he was, standing in the doorway like a shadow of a man. Immediately, his eyes fell on her and Rey felt as though her heart stopped beating. His face was pale and though he was wearing his dark hood, she could tell his hair was windswept underneath. She'd never seen him look so tired. For a long moment they just stared at each other, him standing with one hand on the doorway and the other hanging limp at his side. The pub quieted, in part because they were watching but also because everything else seemed to fall away from Rey until there was only him. "I need to speak with you," he said finally. Rey froze. She didn't know what to say. It didn't matter, because he walked swiftly towards her and grabbed her hand, tugging her away from the barstool and pulling her along with him to the back of the pub. Heat flooded her body, stemming from where his skin touched hers. She couldn't tell if the jagged energy she sensed was his or her own. Maybe it was both. "How did you get back?" Rey said, breathless as he pulled her into the elevator and pushed the button for the top floor. "There's an outpost a few hours west of the temple. I walked, then caught a transport into Mos Eisley from there," he said. "You walked?" she said quietly. "You didn't give me a choice," he said, casting her a sidelong glance with his dark eyes as the elevator doors opened to the roof of the inn. She could see why he'd brought her here. It was quiet, peaceful. They were alone, away from the clamor of the tavern. The air was cool and crisp, piercing through her muddled thoughts as she breathed it in. "I'm sorry," she said, standing still as he dropped her hand and walked to the far side of the terrace. She meant it. The thought of him trudging over the sand dunes on foot made her heart sink. She'd done it every day for over a decade and knew how daunting and tiresome it was. He turned his back to her, leaning forward to place his hands on the sandstone ledge that encircled the terrace. "I'm having difficulty finding the proper words to say to you, Rey," he said. She thought she heard him curse under his breath. Tepidly, she stepped towards him and when she came to stand beside him she saw that his hands were shaking. "You don't have to say anything," she said, more for herself than for him. She wasn't sure she wanted to hear it. "No, Rey. I do," he said, turning towards her. "Pretenses won't do either of us any favors." She stared at him, wide-eyed and forgetting to breathe. Some dark emotion flashed across his features. "I've…I've grown attached to you, Rey," he said, his eyes boring into hers. "Denying it is useless. You know it as well as I do. I know you can sense me, my energy, the same way I can sense yours," he said. He looked away from her, his expression hard. "I'm not sure I understand—" " I have feelings for you, Rey ," he exploded, gripping her shoulders and shaking her. "I have for a while. It's inconvenient for both of us, I know. I know how little you think of me—you've made that perfectly clear. You've thought me a monster since before we met. I dreamt of you, Rey . For months before our meeting on Takodana, I dreamt of you, and even there you resented me. After what you saw today, I'm sure you want nothing more than to never see me again." Rey's heart was pounding in her chest. She couldn't breathe. He was staring at her, his eyes beseeching as he waited, desperate for her to respond. "I despise myself for what I did, Rey," he said, pleading. "If nothing else, believe me when I say that. I was lost and alone and betrayed. Nobody told me." His grip on her tightened. Tears were welling in the corners of his eyes. "Nobody told me he was my grandfather. I was like a disease to them—Han Solo and Leia Organa—one that needed to be contained, and so they shipped me off to the only person they thought could do the job. But even he—even Luke—was afraid of me. He saw my potential and he was afraid of it, so he lied to me. And look how far we've come," he said with a mirthless laugh, releasing her from his grip. Rey stood utterly still, listening in silence. Her eyes were stinging. In all of her time on Jakku, she'd never seen anyone or anything look so empty and alone. "Snoke was the only one who treated me differently. He was at the Academy with Luke. He saw my potential and credited me when no one else would. He wasn't afraid of me. After the scandal in the New Republic—after my mother was outed as the daughter of Anakin Skywalker, everyone turned on me. That was when everything clicked into place. Finally, it made sense. I understood why Luke had been fearful of my abilities and why I'd been sent to study with him in the first place. If you'd seen the way they looked at me when the news broke, Rey," he said, his voice hoarse. "Snoke gave me a way out." "After our meeting, things started changing. You were like me . Lost and alone and afraid; afraid of the future and afraid of yourself. Looking into your mind was like looking into a mirror," he said, exhaling and slumping to the ground to lean against the sandstone wall. His hood fell backwards and he tugged at the roots of his hair. "You were just like me, and yet somehow you were entirely different. We were both abandoned. Both gifted in the Force. I was under the impression that I didn't have choices. Snoke reinforced those beliefs. But you proved me wrong," he said. "You were like a ray of light and the darkness couldn't touch you." He slouched back against the wall. "But I'm not like that," Rey replied, sinking down to her knees next to him. "I've felt all of those things, too. You said it yourself. I'm nothing pure." The cool breeze nipped at her cheeks, blowing her hair into her face and she crossed her arms to keep from shivering. Kylo stared at her, his dark eyes glittering. "Tell me what you think of me, Rey." She flushed. "I'm not sure," she said. She thought he was beautiful, sitting there under the stars; even though his face looked pallid and there were dark circles under his eyes. But she wouldn't say that. Before she knew what she was doing, she was reaching a hand to his face, cupping his cheek in her palm. "Rey," he started, unable to mask his shock. "You're not alone," she said. To her, there was nothing worse than loneliness. She hated that he felt that way. "I could leave you here. It wouldn't be difficult to arrange a transport to Resistance territory," he said. "And you'll go back to Snoke?" she said, wrinkling her nose at the thought. The mere thought of the man—if you could call him a man—sent shivers shooting down her spine. "Yes." Her throat seemed to close up at the thought. She swallowed hard. "No," she said. "I promised you I'd stay." "No matter," he whispered, unblinking as he looked at her. "Promises be damned. You shouldn't go back." "You'd let me go?" she said, and she could feel her features brighten despite herself. "Yes." Her heart fluttered. She could go home . Back to the people that cared about her—the small family she'd built for herself since leaving Jakku. And leave him out of fear, just as they'd done before her—when all he wanted was acceptance. A weight seemed to fall on her chest, crushing her. She choked on the thought. "No," she said. "I won't do it." He stared at her in wonder. "I—I don't want to leave you with him," she said, ignoring the way he was staring at her lips. "He's so awful." She started rambling. "If I leave, I'll be just like them and I'm not afraid of him—" He grabbed her wrist, pulling her to him till she was nearly on top of him and their faces were inches apart. Rey's eyes widened in shock. "You don't know what you're saying," he said softly, his breath heavy against her lips. Her heart was thundering against her ribcage but before she realized what she was doing she grabbed him, pulling him to her and crushing her mouth against his. She'd caught him by surprise, she could tell, but he groaned—wrapping one hand around her waist and tangling the other in her hair. She could feel the need in his touch. The way he grabbed and pulled at her. She loved the sound of him. Loved the feel of his velvet lips against hers and the taste of his mouth. She'd wanted this for a while, she realized. She straddled him, pushing his shoulders back and pinning him against the wall. His large hands were running over her thighs, drifting farther and farther up her leg and his breathing was staggered against her mouth. Her blood was hot and thick, rushing to her center where she felt him pressed against her through his thin linen pants and it made her want him more. She moaned into him, pulling at his hair as his tongue traced her bottom lip. Rey gasped and his tongue slipped inside her mouth, sliding against hers and leaving no space between them. She clawed at his arms. He bit down hard on her lip and she cried out, wishing he'd do it again. Grinding against him, she bucked her hips into him and he dug his fingertips into her thighs as if to brace himself in response. That's when she pulled away from him, desperate for air. She'd never been kissed before. She didn't know what she was doing and she wasn't in her right mind. She could feel the slickness between her thighs, telling her she wanted him and she knew if she didn't stop now she wouldn't be able to. He gripped her wrists, his eyes wild. "I'm sorry," she panted. "I can't. Not right now. I'm not thinking clearly." "You don't need to explain yourself," he whispered, tucking a lock of hair behind her ear. His eyes roamed over her face and she blushed at the sight of his flushed cheeks and disheveled hair. She wanted to kiss him again. He was still breathless. They sat for a long moment like that, staring at each other without saying anything. Sensing each other's energy. "Sleep?" she said after a while, sliding off of him and getting up from the ground. "Yes." They left the terrace without speaking. When they got back to their room, Kylo motioned to sleep on the floor. Rey watched him remove his cloak and tunic until he was wearing nothing but those airy black trousers that were loose in the leg and tight at the ankle. She gulped, eyeing the spidery scar from Chewbacca's bowcaster that splintered across his side. She wanted to trace her fingers over it, over all of him. She hadn't stopped shaking since they'd left the terrace. Rey slid into the starchy sheets of the bed, just as he was about to sprawl out on the floor. "You can sleep here," she said without thinking. A lump lodged in her throat as soon as the words left her mouth. "With me." He paused to look at her, caught off-guard. Her fingers clasped tightly around the sheets as she waited for him to speak. "You're sure?" he said. She nodded. Without saying anything else, he climbed onto the bed next to her, sprawling out on his side. When she mustered the nerve to look at him, she saw that his eyes were closed. For the first time since she'd known him, he looked peaceful. She eyed the freckles that spanned the bridge of his nose and briefly wondered what he'd looked like as a child. Wondered if this was what he'd looked like before everything happened. Before he was alone. Slowly, she slipped her hand into his open palm, lacing her fingers with his and something twisted in her gut when his fingers tightened around hers in response. She didn't know what she was doing; had no idea what to think about any of it. She just knew that for the first time in months—maybe her whole life—she felt like someone understood. Author's Note: Well that was angsty. Long chapter, hope you guys enjoyed! I am the asshole that makes readers wait 16 chapters for a kiss. I hope it was worth it. More to come and as always, your reviews give me life! I read them on my rainy days. Thank you to everyone who has stuck with this slow ass burn for so long. Especially those of you who comment on every chapter. It makes my day. And to those of you who have read it more than once, I am so thrilled to hear that you like my story so much. Anyways, feel free to message, comment or visit me on Tumblr (link in bio) and again, thank you for reading!