07:07 am 06:10 am Get up. Get dressed. Brush teeth. 06:32 am Make coffee. Pick up newspaper. Read first page. 06:46 am Coffee ready. Take a sip. Read second page. 06:58 am Close newspaper. Stand up. Grab coat. Wrap scarf around neck. 07:00 am Leave house. The noise of the city makes his ears tingle. The breeze on his face messes up his hair. His eyes close for a second. He feels the twist in his stomach. His heart beats in time with the heart of the town. The cars in front of him long forgotten. The ground at his feet seems to disappear. He’s flying, for less than a second, and it is enough. 07:12 am Wave at the cab. Get inside. Tell the address. 07:48 am Arrive at the building. Pay driver. Get out. 07:55 am Walk inside. Nod at the secretary. Wait by the elevator. “Morning sir” he hears. The feminine, strong voice makes him turn his head. Firm eyes. Collected. He thinks about a reservoir. So much blue, so much water trying to escape and being held. A river that tries and can never move on its original course. “Morning Phasma” he answers, and his voice is dry, cold, even if inside he feels warm. She seems pleased. Her eyes, her blue, become a bit freer as she turns away and he keeps on watching calmly. He looks calm. He’s a mess. 08:01 am Enter elevator. Press the button. Wait. 08:03 am Leave elevator. Walk through hall. Open the door. 08:07 am Remove coat. Turn on computer. Walk out of the room. 08:10 am Wait. Open the door. Sit on the chair. “Good morning Hux” the old man in front of him says, his smile screams malice, the crinkles by his eyes show tiredness, the hands over the table demonstrates impatience, anxiety. He nods. “Morning sir” he says, carefully, with a bit more warmth than before, his hands still over his lap. Respect. Discipline. Attitude. Safety. “I don’t want to delay myself. You know our company has been going through rough times lately” Snoke says, looking at the graph on his wall. Gray wall. Imitating paper. A few pictures here and there. Relatives. Pets. Old friends. Awards. Certificates. A gun. “Yes sir” “I was thinking about hiring someone, a partner, for you. You are the most loyal employee I have. I own the success of this company to you. But there are some parts of your job that you don’t do very well. And I need more than you are giving” he says, coldly, turning back to stare at him. A shiver goes down his spine. He doesn’t move. “He will be arriving tomorrow. I am sure you will show him everything he needs to know.” “Yes I will sir” he answers. Hands cold. Cold as ice. Ice, that floats on the ocean. So free. So far away. He nods one last time. Assurance. He doesn’t let his frustration show. His hands twitch as he leaves the room. 08:26 am Stand up. Walk out. Close the door. 08:30 am Sit down. Ask for coffee. Work. 12:47 pm Stand up. Walk out. Wait by the elevator. 12:48 pm Walk in. Press button. Wait. 12:51 pm Walk out. Go to the cafeteria. Grab a coffee and a sandwich. 12:58 pm Sit outside. Look around. Take a bite. The breeze hit his face once more, just like in the morning. His hair moves a bit, getting slightly out of place, and he can’t help but wave it away when a red line interrupts his vision. The trees around the building remind him of a forest, a quiet one, surrounded by fire and noise and gray. The sky is blue. The parts he can see at least. And the rest is just as gray as the city. He feels in peace for a moment. And then reality pulls him back to earth and he looks up when someone stops in front of him. “Can I sit here?” “Yes. Be my guest Phasma” They don’t talk. Her presence is relaxing. Just like being with a friend. But then again, what aside time is a friend? 01:37 pm Finish lunch. Stand up. Throw away the trash. 01:55 pm Walk inside office. Sit down. Work. 06:23 pm Turn off computer. Walk out of the room. Lock the door. 06:28 pm Walk inside. Sit down. Wait. “I want you to be here early. You will show the building to the new guy” Snoke says, and he nods. Simple. Easy. Reliable. “I’m counting on you Hux. I can’t afford having bad results again” Another nod. A painful one. 06:57 pm Walk out of the building. Wave at the cab. Get in. 07:38 pm Pay driver. Get out. Open the door. 07:46 pm Remove clothes. Get in the bathroom. Turn the shower on. The water hits his skin, warm in contact with cold, solid against liquid, soul against body. His hair sticks to his face in an unpleasant way, the air makes his body shiver. His hands wonder up and down as he studies himself again, making sure everything was in place, intact, perfect. He was perfect. He was supposed to be perfect. The warmth made him travel again. The most peaceful moment in his entire day. He went to the beach, feeling the water at his feet. He went to the forest, feeling the moisture on his skin. To the desert, when the warmth was too much. He opens his eyes. The tiles in front of him bring him back like a fall. He steadies himself and turns around, grabbing the shampoo and washing his hair, then his body. He doesn’t leave anymore. 08:04 pm Get out from the shower. Grab the towel. Get dry. 08:09 pm Get dressed. Pick up the phone. Ask for pizza. 08:14 pm Sit down. Turn on TV. Pick up his cellphone. 08:16 pm Update Facebook. Update Twitter. Update Instagram. 08:37 pm Open the door. Pay the boy. Get the pizza. 08:42 pm Sit down. Eat the pizza. Clean the plates. 09:15 pm Lay on bed. Check cellphone. Read book. 10:45 pm Close book. Turn lights off. Check cellphone. 11:59 pm Sleep. 05:10 am Get up. Get dressed. Brush teeth. 05:32 am Make coffee. Pick up newspaper. Read third page. 05:46 am Coffee ready. Take a sip. Read fourth page. 05:58 am Close newspaper. Stand up. Grab coat. Wrap scarf around neck. 06:00 am Leave house. The air is colder. It hits his face, makes him shiver. His arms are tighter against his sides. He feels that twist in his stomach. It’s not like the ones before. He feels insecure. He shouldn’t. He has nothing to lose. His hair is a mess. His heart beats faster than the one of the town. He’s not in rhythm with the city. He closes his eyes, feels the ground under his feet. He waits. There. Slow, but firm, passionate, confusing. It is a mess. A mess he can deal with. He opens his eyes. Back to the real world. He doesn’t fly. It’s not enough. 06:12 am Wave at the cab. Get inside. Tell the address. 06:48 am Arrive at the building. Pay driver. Get out. 06:55 am Walk inside. Wait by the elevator. 07:01 am Enter elevator. Press the button. Wait. 07:04 am Leave elevator. Walk through hall. 07:07 am Wait. Open the door. Sit on the chair. “Good morning, Hux” Snoke says, same tone as every day. Maybe a little more excited. There is no one else in the room. Hux nods. “I know you must be thrilling to meet your new partner. He will arrive anytime now. As I said yesterday, I want you to respect him and treat him as an equal. Your job depends on it” he reminds, and Hux feels like he had enough of that conversation already. The grey of the room looks even greyer today, just like his temper. He feels empty, even a little scared. After all, this is all he has known his entire life. He can’t afford losing it for some new guy that thinks he’s better than Hux at his job. The door opens a few minutes later. Enter his new rival. And the man is... Utterly unpleasant. Hux had never seen someone so... Dark... in his life. Everything about the man screamed black. His black, long, messy hair going everywhere around his large head, dark brown eyes, harsh expression that seemed to make his already big nose even bigger in a non proportional way that almost made Hux cringe. Even his clothes, like the black scarf he wore over a black shirt that was neatly falling over his black skinny jeans and that stopped right over his black shoes. Hux could almost see the black aura surrounding the man as he sat right next to him. “Welcome, Kylo Ren, to your new job. This is your partner, Andrew Hux” Snoke says, smirking at both men as if he knows something they don’t. Hux doesn’t like that expression. He doesn’t comment on it. Hux looks at Kylo, who looks back at him and eyes him up and down. Hux feels uncomfortable. The man surely acts like he is someone superior to Hux for some unknown reason. Hux is not impressed whatsoever. This isn’t unusual. “Hello, Andrew Hux. It’s a pleasure to meet you” Kylo says, and Hux nods. He doesn’t want to. “I am sure we will work perfectly together. But please, if you may, address me as Ren and only Ren.” “It is a pleasure to meet you too, Ren” Hux says. It leaves a bitter taste in his mouth. “Please, address me as Hux. Thank you” he adds, before turning back to Snoke. Both man are quiet. They wait for their orders. “Now that you two met, you are free to go and show Ren the building” he tells Hux, and with a nod he stands up. Ren follows. “Start working at your usual hour, Hux. Now go.” Hux bows to the man before walking out of the room. Ren follows. Hux closes the door and turns to the man. “Come with me” 07:19 am Leave the room. Walk through hall. Show the waiting room. 07:23 am Walk through hall. Pres- “Hux” Hux stops. He turns around and looks at the man. Ren has stopped in front of a painting on the wall. Hux doesn’t roll his eyes. He wants to. “Yes, Ren?” “How long have you been working here?” he asks, and Hux surely isn’t expecting that question. His eyebrow rises suspiciously before he approaches the taller man. “For as long as I remember” he answers, not wanting to make this too personal. After all, he has known the man for minutes now. Ren nods and turns to him, and something inside Hux makes him want to run away from that man. He doesn’t. He turns around and continues walking. 07:27 am Walk through hall. Present the offices. Open his own. 07:36 am Show Ren’s office. Wait outside. Walk away. 07:45 am Walk to the coffee break room. Make some coffee. Offer coffee. 07:58 am Walk away. Go to office. Sit down. Start working. 12:30 pm Ignore knock on the door. Keep working. 06:29 pm Stand up. Turn computer off. Walk out of the office. “Hux” Not him again. “Yes, Ren?” “You didn’t come to lunch today. Why is that? Were you unhappy with my presence?” Ren asks, and Hux turns to him while eyeing him up and down. He seems a bit less dark than in the morning. Hux just shrugs. “I didn’t feel like eating lunch today. Had a lot of work to do. That’s it” he says, hoping the man would drop the subject. He does, but that doesn’t help Hux at all. “Okay. Well anyway. I know we started with the wrong foot today. I was really cold with you earlier.” Ren says, and Hux doesn’t like where this is going. “I was talking to some people during lunch break and decided to make a small party to meet everyone in a non professional location. I was wondering if you could come. It will be in a bar not far away from here” he explains. Hux surely doesn’t like this idea. “I will see what I can do. I won’t confirm my presence” he says, and Ren seems pleased with his answer, even if he doesn’t smile once. “Good. I’ll tell Phasma to send you the address if you’re interested in coming” Ren says, before he walks away to the elevator, together with a few other employees. Phasma approaches Hux and stays by his side as they watch the elevator doors closing. She sighs, and somehow Hux feels her pain towards him. “He is a nice guy. He’s just... very closed up. Just like someone I know” she says. Hux knows and hates what she means. He leaves with no words. 06:43 pm Walk to the elevator. Wait. Get in. Wait. 06:51 pm Walk to the street. Wave at the cab. Get in. 07:38 pm Arrive home. Pay driver. Get inside. Hux isn’t even inside when his phone rings with a message. He checks it. The address of the bar. He thinks for a second before throwing the phone on the couch and walking inside. He’s not going. 07:47 pm Walk to the bathroom. Undress. Take a shower. 08:02 pm Walk out of the shower. Get dry. Dress up. 08:18 pm Make dinner. Turn on TV. Watch and eat. 08:40 pm Clean plates. Lay on the couch. Watch TV. 09:12 pm Fall asleep on the couch. 05:19 am Wake up. Look around. Stand up. 05:25 am Make breakfast. Eat breakfast. Clean plates. 05:47 am Freedom. Saturday. Finally Saturday. Hux lets himself smile as he walks out of his kitchen to his living room. He throws everything away, pushes the couch and table and TV out of the way, and pulls from behind his bookcase his canvas. His brushes and paints are hidden in the last drawer of the cabinet. He picks them and walks back to the living room. Hux closes his eyes, takes a deep breath, before opening them and letting his hands go free. His entire body moves around. He puts his brushes next to him and slides them over the canvas to create colorful images. Lines and splashes and dots everywhere. Red and orange and yellow mixing with blue and green and purple. It’s a mess, but it is his mess, and the only mess he’s allowed to have. After letting everything out, he puts that canvas to dry and picks up another one. He is more careful this time. His strokes are light and slow, but firm and sure. The lines slowly take form, and a face is surely seen. He has never used so much black paint in his life. He makes the details and the background in a grey tone that seems even worse than the black. And the only light of the painting can be seen on the dark brown eyes of the face. When it’s done, he steps back and stares at it calmly. He doesn’t understand why he painted Ren. He just did. He’s proud of it. He continues, painting beaches and mountains and cities. Everything colorful, big, messy. He loves it. He feels his heart beating so fast in his chest he might even have a heart attack. He wouldn’t care. Hux loses himself in time. He sees the sun rising and falling; night turns to day and turns to night again. He feels full, complete, for those fast hours, letting himself live and travel through the different places he paints. Somehow, he feels alive. He can live through another week. Even if he lives only for those fast hours that go by like a blur. 09:56 pm Organize room. Take shower. Make dinner. 10:46 pm Eat dinner. Lay on bed. Read book. 00:04 am Sleep. Chapter 2 : Eight o'clock party time Summary: 'He tries to be direct. “You’re in my personal space” he whispers, their chests almost touching. His hand still trembles as he holds his glass. His eyes never leave Ren’s. “Step back” It doesn’t work. “I know I am” Ren mutters, and with another step, their chests are touching. The counter hurts Hux’s back. His heart races. He needs to look down, make sure what time it is. It calms him. It always does. 08:58 pm Look down. Check close. Place glass on the table.' 08:37 am Interrupt work. Look up. Ren. “Hux. Good morning” Ren says, walking inside his office like it what his own. Hux hates him. He doesn’t comment on it. It has been four months since that man has started working on the company and every day, he makes Hux’s life a little bit more difficult. They have evolved into a ‘hateful respect’ relationship, where neither of them can stand be in each other’s presence but every time they are obliged to be together, they respect each other mutually. Which is great and terrible for Hux. He thought he had showed enough to Ren that he wasn’t interested to evolve their relationship to partners or even friends. He had rejected every single invitation to anywhere Ren would be in for the last four months and even so, the man insisted in coming to his office asking to ‘meet him in a bar with his friends’ or even ‘grab a coffee sometimes’ and Hux finds it hard to say if the man wants to befriend him or date him but he isn’t interested in either. He has better things to do. “Good morning Ren.” Hux says firmly, looking back at his computer. Work. That’s what he needs to do. Not pay attention to that man that just sat on the chair in front of his desk. “I am making another party, in which I really hope you come because Snoke will be there and so will a few of our clients and I need your help to convince them to stay with us. Also, I’m inviting a few potential clients and you’re better than I am in convincing people. So you need to come” he says, and Hux swears he could jump off the window at the moment. “I am not interested” Hux says easily, not even looking at the man. Ren sighs deeply and smashes his hand down on Hux’s table. He stops, slowly, and looks up at the angry man in front of him. He seems to calm down when Hux looks at him. “Look at me at least, when you’re going to reject my propose” he says, before crossing his arms and smirking. That can’t be good. “You don’t have to go. But since Snoke will be there, I’ll make sure he knows how unprofessional you are. And surely your job will be out of the window in less than a week” Sure. Ren looks like the guy that would blackmail someone to have what he wanted. Fine. “Fine. I will go” Ren surely feels victorious. He throws the address in a paper to Hux and leaves the office. The party is at that same night. Hux hates Ren so much. 07:23 pm Arrive home. Take a shower. Get ready for party. 08:34 pm Leave to party. 09:12 pm Arrive at the party. Hux is sure that’s not a professional party as soon as he arrives. It’s a mansion, with people inside and out, dancing to extremely loud music, drinking from those ridiculous red cups and rubbing themselves against each other. He recognizes a few of his co-workers and feels uncomfortable. That is, until he sees Ren walking to where he froze on the garden, smirking widely and bringing Hux his own cup probably. “You. Came. I can’t believe my eyes” Ren says, and Hux just wants to punch him so hard he won’t even be able to have fun at the party. “Don’t worry. I know it looks like a usual party but the clients are inside, drinking and having fun. You can follow me.” Hux does, going through the crowd and hating it. He hates parties. He hates Kylo Ren. He hates Kylo Ren’s parties. Everything is a mess inside. He can see a group of people dressed really well and guesses those are the clients. He’s right, as Ren takes him to the group and gives him his cup. They all compliment him and they start talking. Good. Hux can do that. For the time they speak, Hux is able to get two more clients and keep the old ones with the new technology they were projecting. Then, they start getting too tipsy to actually remember a word of what Hux was saying. So, he leaves them drinking and laughing and walks to the bar, asking for some soda. He doesn’t want to get drunk tonight. He wants to leave. And then, comes that weird, clumsy man that Hux is obliged to call partner. “HUX! You’re on the bar hun? Decided to have some fun?” Ren asks, and clearly he has been drinking a bit too much. He leans against the wooden counter and Hux wants to shove him away. It is his personal bubble after all. Ren is entering it. “No. I am drinking some soda and then I’m leaving. I have no other reason to be here” he says, just as his glass arrives. Ren frowns, not pleased, and shakes his head. “You can’t just leave yet. You haven’t done anything! You haven’t kissed anyone, or drunk anything, or even danced! This is a party!” he says, almost whining, and Hux rolls his eyes as he sips on his drink. “I don’t desire to do either of those options. Now, if you will let me, I need to go” he says, putting his glass down and walking past Kylo. He walks through the crowd inside the house and soon gets outside. 11:23 pm Put glass down. Walk through the crowd. Get outside. 11:34 pm Walk through the c- “Wait!” someone yells as they grab his wrist. Hux turns. Ren. Again. Why can’t he just leave him alone? “You can’t go yet!” “Why not?” Hux asks, coldly, raising an eyebrow to Ren and watching as he tries to find an excuse. “Because... Because... You haven’t seen Snoke yet!” he says, and its almost convincing, but Hux has already spoken to the man. Ren’s excuses are starting to come off as ridiculous. “Yes I have” he says coldly, but Ren doesn’t let go of his arm. “You need to taste some drinks!” “Not interested” “What about some food? We have some great canapés” “No thank you” “Don’t you want to taste the cake? It’s amazing!” “I don’t like cake” “Ah fuck.... Um... Dance with me!” Ren says, loudly because of the song, and Hux stares at him for a moment, thinking the man has gone mad. He just drank a bit too much. “Dream about that Ren” Hux says, before pulling his arm away and walking off. He needs a cab. He needs to leave on that instant. He hates Kylo Ren’s parties. 11:56 pm Wave at cab. Get inside. Leave party. 00:43 am Arrive home. Pay driver. Get inside. Sleep. 03:23 am Wake up. Look around. Grab phone. “Hello?” Hux mumbles, tiredly, rubbing the sleep off his eyes just as he hears some loud noises coming from his phone. He’s sure someone is calling him from a party. Great. It takes a few seconds for the person on the other side of the phone say something. “HUX?!” he hears. At least it’s not Ren. It’s Phasma. She sounds drunk and... upset. For some reason that Hux surely isn’t interested. “Hux! C-come back h-here at this ins... instant!” she says loudly, and Hux rolls his eyes. “No Phasma. I was already asleep. You woke me up” he says, annoyed, and sighs deeply when the woman sobs far away in the distance. Then, someone else starts talking. “Hux! Come back! You’re missing the party!” he hears. He thinks it’s Jeff, another one of the employees, and Hux doesn’t answer. “All girls are going crazy! So are we! This is the best party I’ve ever been on! Phasma kissed two girls and got herself a date, and Ren is punching another guy! I think it is that Finn guy that once worked for us! It’s amazing! Hux! Hux?” Hux doesn’t answer. He is almost asleep again. He reaches down for his phone and presses a button and soon, the sound is not there anymore. He turns it off, falling asleep in less than three minutes. He’s too tired for that bullshit. 12:45 pm Grab lunch. Sit outside. Eat. “Hey Hux?” he hears, and he doesn’t even turn to see who it is. He already knows. “Yes Phasma?” he asks. She sits down next to him and starts eating her lunch too while looking at him. He feels her glance but doesn’t look back. He’s too focused on a small colorful butterfly that is flying around a tree right in front of them. “So... Can I crash at yours tonight? Just so we can talk, maybe watch some movies? Like old times?” she asks, almost reluctantly, and he wonders if something went wrong at her own house. That’s the only reason she would ask to come to his. He can’t deny such harmless request. “Of course. Meet me here at seven o’clock so we can go together” he says, and sends her the best smile he can, attention drifting from the butterfly. The smile probably isn’t convincing. She doesn’t smile back. One more way of life showing him that he was not meant for emotions. It crushes down on him like a brick. He wants to run. He doesn’t. 07:00 pm Stop at the bench. Wait for Phasma. Wave at cab. They meet at the time he had programmed. The two get inside the cab with no words, and spend the entire way back at Hux’s completely silent. They are not up for small talk, neither one of them, and that gives Hux a sick feeling in his stomach. She’s there to talk about something she finds serious. That can be good. 07:45 pm Arrive home. Pay driver. Get inside. Lock the door. The two of them get inside and Hux goes right to his kitchen. He doesn’t question or wait for her to ask, he just serves two glasses of wine and gives one of the glasses to her. She nods as a thank you and sits on his couch. He sits next to her and turns on the TV just so they won’t stand there on that awkward silence. She hasn’t come to his house for what feels like (and probably were) years. “Your house looks the same” she says, and she sounds disappointed. “Exactly like it was when I first came here” “Yes. I don’t have much time for decorations” he says. He looks around. Everything is in place. His walls are all painted in a cream color, all his furniture is the same kind of wood, his couch is a dark green that matches basically every other detail in the room. Even his bed sheets are the same green. He bought them in the same store ten years ago. His TV is the same too. His glasses are the same, his carpet, his lamps, everything. Always the same. He’s glad. “Well, you could take a weekend off to change things a bit here” she says, surely not meaning any harm. He still feels offended. “Yes sure” They stay quiet for a while. Hux sips on his wine and so does Phasma, both watching the TV show that is currently on. Something about food. He doesn’t really care. Phasma suddenly sighs. He knows something is coming. “So. What do you think about the new guy, Ren? He seems to like you” she says, casually, but there’s nothing casual about her question. Hux shrugs, rolling his eyes. He doesn’t want to talk about it. “The guy is a pain in the ass, that’s what I think. I don’t care if he likes me or not. I don’t like him, that’s for sure” he says, coldly, and Phasma frowns right next to him. “You should give him a chance. He’s not that bad” she says, and Hux rolls his eyes again. He’s not up for that conversation at the moment. “Phasma. I’ll give a chance to whom I want to give a chance. Kylo Ren is not one of those people” he says, expecting her to drop the subject. She doesn’t. “Then who is? I don’t see you accepting anyone’s approaches to become your friend. You just push everyone away. And with Ren is even worse because you treat him like he doesn’t deserve your respect at all, even if he’s in the same rank as you” she says, clearly distressed, but Hux couldn’t care less. “I am my normal self with everyone. They don’t try different approaches. And Kylo Ren is basically my enemy. I can’t befriend with a guy that is basically stealing my job” he says, almost angrily, especially because those are not true. He just doesn’t like having friends. No one understands, so he doesn’t comment on it. Phasma rolls her eyes. “To me, it just sounds like you love being lonely and miserable. It’s not good for you Hux! Humans need to socialize. Some more than others, sure, but you’ve been living alone for ten years now, never invites anyone over, almost never goes to parties, and probably haven’t slept with anyone for months! That is not healthy! Even for you!” she says, and he honestly wants her to leave his house now. “What are you suggesting? That I need a girlfriend? A boyfriend? That I need love in my life? Not everybody needs love Phasma” Hux says, now really pissed off, but tries not to show. After all, she is the closest thing he has of a friend. She sighs. “I’m not saying you need love Hux. I’m saying you need friends. Everybody needs friends. Even if you isolate yourself from society in a mountain, you are still going to be friends with the grass and the rocks and the animals that live surrounding you because that’s what humans need. Friendship. And you don’t have that. You don’t have friends and you live completely alone. That’s not healthy for you” she says, and he can see that she’s honestly worried about him. He wants to yell to her that he’s fine. But he’s not. “Well... It doesn’t matter. I didn’t come here only to rub the truth in your face. I came here to ask you to come to my party this Friday.” Hux rolls his eyes. A party. Great. “What kind of party?” “I want to present my girlfriend to my closest friends and she wants to do the same. So I want you to come” Phasma answers, smirking and drinking the rest of the wine in her glass. “Who is coming to the party?” “A few of her friends, a few of my friends, and you” “What friends?” “Co-workers. Friends from the gym” she says, but she knows what he means. A look at his face and she smirks. He wants to kill her. “Kylo Ren will be there. I invited him” she adds, and Hux sighs. “I don’t want to go if Ren will be there” he says simply, turning away from Phasma as he sips again on the wine. “I don’t want to go at all. But since he’s coming, my chances of going are even lower than usual” “Hux please” she says, and Hux almost hears the desperation in her voice. “I wnat you to come. You’re one of my dearest friends. You don’t have to stay much. Just enough to say hi and maybe have a few laughs” she suggests, and Hux feels a bit more relaxed. Maybe he can even appear for a while at the party. “Okay. I’ll go. For an hour and an hour only” he says, firmly, and she seems pleased with his answer. He’s relieved. He doesn’t want to keep discussing about things that surely won’t lead them anywhere. “An hour is great. I need to go back to my house now, but I’ll see you this Friday then” she says, handing him a paper, and he does have a need to rip it and throw it away, but he knows he can’t. She’s the closest of a friend he has. He needs to at least have her around. 09:26 pm Pick glasses. Take Phasma to door. Wait for cab. 09:47 pm Watch her leave. Get inside. Change. Sleep. 08:00 pm Walk out of the cab. Look around. Walk to pub. Hux already hates all the situation before it even starts. He walks inside the small pub, soon seeing Phasma and other three people he didn’t know, waiting by the bar. He sighs and prepares himself to go in and have the ‘time of his life’. He won’t, he knows, but he needs to keep his head high. At least he knows (and so does Phasma) that he won’t stay more than one hour. He just needs to hold on for sixty minutes and he will be free of that nightmare. He approaches the small group and says hello to everyone, while Phasma smiles and fixes a strand of hair that fell over her face. Her arm is wrapped around the small girl’s waist and the two are too close for Hux’s liking. They are dating. That’s obvious. He looks at the other two men next to them and watches as they also look too close for Hux’s comfort. Of course. Another couple. “Hux! I’m glad you came” Phasma says happily, tugging the small girl a bit closer, and the two giggle softly. Hux hates that sound for some reason. “You are Hux then?” the small girl says, moving away from Phasma and coming to his direction. He holds himself not to back away. “My name is Rey. It’s a pleasure to meet you. I’m Phasma’s girlfriend. She has told me a lot about you” That girl speaks too much too fast. “My name is Hux, yes” he says lightly, raising his arm to shake her hand. She does the same, and Hux is slightly more pleased. “I’m glad to meet you. Phasma hasn’t told me a lot, but I am sure I will love to know more about you and about your relationship” Lies. So much lies. Rey seems pleased and nods before returning to Phasma’s side. Then, Hux walks to the two men next to them. He recognizes one of them and his eyebrows furrow. “Old boss” the one he recognizes says, smiling wide and walking to Hux. He pulls him into a hug and Hux feels like vomiting. He doesn’t hug back. “It’s so nice to see you here! I didn’t know you were still Phasma’s friend. I’m glad you came though! I’m Rey’s friend, and this is Poe, my boyfriend” he says, pulling away and showing his boyfriend to Hux like he is a big prize. Hux nods. “It is great to see you too Finn. And a pleasure to meet you Poe” he says, the smile fake in his face. He shakes Poe’s hand and the man stares at him with another fake smile. Obviously he doesn’t like Hux at all. Hux is not complaining. He turns back to Phasma. “Is Ren still coming? And where is the rest of the people?” “Yes he is coming. And it’s only us six” she says, smirking. Bitch. “Oh. I didn’t tell you?” “I must have forgotten” he mutters, angrily, and turns to the counter. He asks a drink with enough alcohol to make him dizzy just from it. If he’s lucky, Ren will only arrive after nine, when he will leave. That’s what he hopes. He doesn’t want to be alone with Ren while Phasma makes out with her girlfriend and the two men go dance. He’s not up for that at the moment. The first half an hour is good. The five spend it drinking and making small talk, in which Hux doesn’t participate much. It’s entertaining enough to watch as they slowly start to talk a bit slurred because of the alcohol in their systems. But then, then he comes. Hux’s worst nightmare. And he seems already drunk. 08:32 pm Put glass down. Look up. Ren. “Phasma! Sorry I’m late! I had to be ready for fuuuuuun!” Ren says loudly as he arrives, rushing to Phasma and hugging her tight. His cheeks and ears are red. He is speaking too loud. His body moves awkwardly. He’s sure drunk. But then again, so is Hux at this point. Ren’s eyes look extremely pretty in party lights. “Ren! Finally!” Phasma laughs out, hugging him back for no more than a second before pulling away. She pulls Rey gently closer, and smiles down at the petite girl. “This is Ren” she says, and the girl nods, walking forward and giggling as she shakes Ren’s hand. They check each other out. Hux doesn’t know why he pays attention to that. “You’re a lucky girl Phasma” Ren says, smirking and letting from Rey’s hand. The older woman nods and wraps her arm around her girlfriend’s waist, pulling her closer. Ren says hello to Finn and Poe next, and Hux has a feeling him and Poe have a story by the way they look at each other. He doesn’t want to know. Only then Ren comes to him, the smirk still on his face, and he also checks Hux out. Hux makes the same, because it’s only fair. Ren has a bit more color in his body that day. His coat is dark blue, the shirt under it is black, his pants too, and his scarf is dark green. Hux looks up to Ren’s face again and his hair is loose, shining, smooth. His eyes shine, bright, reflecting the light of the party. “Hux. You really came, didn’t you?” Ren asks, his voice deep, the smirk never leaving his lips. Hux gives him a simple nod, leaning against the counter and drinking another sip of his drink. So typical. “I’m glad. You need to have a bit more of fun” “I have fun in different ways Ren” he says, smirking and watching him closely. Hux tries to step back when Ren comes closer. He can’t. His heart starts racing. He doesn’t let it show. “Why don’t you tell me those ways? Maybe I can find something we can do together” he says, and Hux feels cornered like an animal. Ren keeps coming closer and he doesn’t have anywhere to move. His hand starts to tremble as he holds the glass. He doesn’t let it show. “I doubt it. I like painting” he says, his voice is still strong. He steals a glance to Ren’s lips. His heart beats faster. He tries to understand why he just did that. “We can’t paint together. And even if we could, I would never let you touch my paints and canvas” “I can be your muse” Ren whispers this time, because he’s close enough to whisper and be heard even with the loud songs playing. Hux wants to disappear. He’s too drunk for that. “I can be your canvas” He tries to be direct. “You’re in my personal space” he whispers, their chests almost touching. His hand still trembles as he holds his glass. His eyes never leave Ren’s. “Step back” It doesn’t work. “I know I am” Ren mutters, and with another step, their chests are touching. The counter hurts Hux’s back. His heart races. He needs to look down, make sure what time it is. It calms him. It always does. 08:58 pm Look down. Check close. Place glass on the table. “One hour goes by so fast when you’re having fun” Hux mutters to himself, his glass already on the counter. He doesn’t hesitate when he puts his arm over his chest and pushes Ren away, walking past him and fixing his coat. He walks to Phasma and Rey and smiles as apologetic as he can. Not like he cares. “Is it already time?” Phasma asks sadly, knowing the look on his face. He nods, for good measure, and says his goodbyes. He shakes Rey’s hand and Phasma’s and waves to the two men that are dancing close by. They wave back, and then return to their dancing. Hux is so glad. 09:04 pm Say goodbye. Turn around. Walk to the d- “Where are you going?!” he hears someone complain, and his wrist is being held by strong, big hands. Hux turns around, rolling his eyes. He knows it’s Ren. He was right. “I am leaving. I told Phasma I would stay for an hour. The time is over” he explains, but Ren doesn’t see pleased. He pulls Hux in his direction in such a violent way that Hux wants to growl at him. “What?!” “You’re not going. You didn’t have fun yet. I’m not letting you leave!” he says loudly, and Hux rolls his eyes again before pulling his arm away from Ren’s grip. He’s not up for that bullshit. “I don’t have to have fun. I don’t want to have fun. You don’t own me. You can’t stop me from leaving!” he says angrily, his hands curling into fists. Ren watches him and smirks at his reaction. He hates that smirk. “Oh? I can’t? But what if I try? You’re going to punch me? You? Small, weak, useless Hux?” Ren asks, tilting his head that annoying way he always does. Hux’s blood boils. “You can’t even work right and you think you will be able to stop me from holding you here?” That is it. His fist connects with Ren’s face in a way that is pretty painful for both of them. Hux is sure his knuckles are already bleeding by how hot they feel and how Ren gives three clumsy steps back to balance himself. When he looks up at Hux, he feels a shiver going down his spine. His brown eyes are on fire. Ren runs to Hux and the punch he sends is enough to make him fall on the floor, gasping loudly. Hux holds his face and growls deeply before he stands up again and punches Ren on the nose. A loud groan. Another punch against his jaw. Hux moves back. He pushes Ren onto the wall and punches his stomach. Ren grabs him by the collar and knees his belly. Hux feels the metal taste in his mouth. Everything is too quiet and too low. Only Ren is on focus. Everything else is blurred. And then someone pulls them apart and he feels arms around his chest. He pushes them away when everything gets in focus again, and he sees Ren being held by that Poe guy. Hux looks back and sees Phasma holding him still, shaking her head. “You two will stop this right now” she says angrily, and Hux rolls his eyes. His nose is bleeding. His mouth is bleeding. His hands are bleeding. He hates blood so much. “There. Enough.” He wants to die right at that moment. With a last glance to Ren, he pulls away from Phasma’s grip and walks to the street, not being stopped this time. He soon calls a cab and gets inside, rubbing his nose and doing all he can to stop the blood sliding down his cheeks and chin. He can only hope that Ren is just as bad as he is. 09:21 pm Get inside cab. Say the address. Leave. 10:02 pm Arrive home. Take a shower. Sleep. Chapter 3 : Coffee shops and pantings Summary: “Ren” he calls, and the man looks at him, a smirk still on his face. He seems so pleased with himself. “Remember in that hideous party where you asked me what I liked doing?” he asks, and he waits Ren to shake his head. “Yes. You said you liked painting” he answers, as his smirk slowly turns back to his usual stoic face. “And then you punched me in the face. It was awesome” There is something in that phrase that Hux feels like he should know, but he doesn’t, so he lets it slide and ignores it completely. “Do you want to see them? My paintings?” 08:38 am Walk out of cab. Pay driver. Walk. It has been four months since that party that ended up in a complete disaster. Hux hasn’t talked much to Ren since that day, always keeping their conversation small and right to the point. They only talk about professional subjects, and every time the conversation starts getting too far ahead from work, Hux stops and walks away. He doesn’t want to be close to Ren after that night. He doesn’t count how many dreams he had after that party. How many were sexual. How many were romantic. He knows he hates Ren. With his entire body. So Hux almost leaves the coffee shop when he sees Ren inside, asking for some coffee. The day is cold; it’s snowing, close to Christmas, Sunday. Hux just wants to get inside that small place, get his drink and leave. Ren doesn’t see him. That’s a great sign. His week starts well. Ren walks away from the line and Hux sees that he is walking to a table far away from the others. There is someone there, waiting for him. A date? No... Hux holds back a gasp as he sees Han Solo, ex owner of the biggest company in the industry. Why is Ren talking with their enemies? It makes no sense to him, but Hux can only hope Ren is getting a job somewhere else. As Hux finally orders his coffee, he hears someone starting to argue in the small place. He turns to see who it is out of curiosity, and finds that Ren and Solo are in an engaging argument about something Hux can’t understand. In the corner of the shop, he sees Finn and Rey, Phasma’s girlfriend and girlfriend’s friend. Weird. He grabs his coffee, sitting on the first empty table he finds and watches the argument from afar. He can’t make out most of the words, but he doesn’t mind. Two of his enemies fighting, its almost like a dream. Suddenly, Ren stands up, and the room gets tense, warm. The slap that comes to Solo’s face is probably warmer than the room. The yell he hears behind him is warmer than the slap. Suddenly, everything seems very red. Rey runs to Ren and jumps on his back, looking like she’s trying to suffocate him. Hux chuckles and turns away, knowing that all that fighting wouldn’t end up well. Not after three minutes the manager comes and put the four out, in the cold, while Hux laughs and drinks. It would really be a great week. Hux takes his time drinking his coffee, for once not worried about the time he’s leaving. He should be worried, there are thousands of things to be done, but he simply cannot mind them at all. The snow always calms him down. When he’s done, he leaves the place with the full intention to make up for the lost time, when he sees a very upset, angry looking Kylo Ren sitting on the frozen floor, arms wrapped around his legs, hose pulled up to his chest in a position that almost makes him look like a child. Hux rolls his eyes and tries to ignore it, because it’s not his fault and also none of his business, but when he passes next to Kylo, he hears a sob and stops frozen. Sometimes, just sometimes, he hates the fact that he’s just like the snow. He makes a note in his head to just slap himself in the face three thousand times after that was done before he approaches Kylo. Of course he won’t be nice about the ‘charity’ he’s doing, but he’s still doing it and he hates himself for it. He kicks Kylo’s leg lightly, making the man look up at him. He doesn’t even look surprised when he sees Hux. He just lets out a quiet huff and nuzzles back on his arm. Alright then. Hux doesn’t have to help. This is none of his business. He has things to do and people to see and he doesn’t need to simply go around caring about random people that he hates. And yet, his mouth voices something completely different. “Ren. Get up. You’ll catch a cold if you stay sitting on the snow” Like he gives a fuck about Ren catching a cold or not. He doesn’t give a damn. The guy is just another pain in his ass at work and if he couldn’t work, it would just be better to Hux. So why did he just say that? His brain is clearly malfunctioning. He hasn’t checked his clock since he left the cab and doesn’t even notice. Or has he? Something clicks inside Hux and he feels his heart beating faster. He looks down as quickly as he can. 09:57 am Check clock. Take a deep breath. Relax. He breathes easier after he checks and then looks back at Kylo again. At Sundays, he doesn’t have to go to work, but he usually does because his real free day is Saturday and he doesn’t have anything better to do on Sundays. But something tells him that today, it’s worth to just stare at Kylo Ren instead of doing what he’s used to. He feels uncomfortable, but does as the feeling says. And that’s when Ren finally says something. “Fuck off Hux” Okay. Hux does not expect that. Not the words. Those he expects and knows would come out eventually. The problem is how broken (is that the correct word to describe a shaky, weak voice?) it sounds. How Ren looks like he has been crying for a week. Hux doesn’t understand exactly what is going on, and he feels that he doesn’t want to, and suddenly his brain seems to find a terrible way to solve the problem. “Ren. Stand up. Come stay at my house for today” he says, and he has no idea where that comes from, because it is the worst idea he ever had. It catches Kylo’s attention however, and the man surely is planning something, because he rubs his eyes and stands up with a smirk, as if nothing had happened. Even so, Hux can see the sadness in his eyes and decides to stick with that instead. “Oh. Now you’re giving me a chance?” he says, and Hux understands the meaning behind it. He turns away to walk off, but Kylo’s hand is on his arm and he’s stopped against his will. “Alright sorry sorry. I accept your invitation” And for some reason, Hux feels a bit more relaxed. 10:20 am Look at the street. Wave at cab. Get inside. Hux watches Kylo as he gets inside the cab after him. Hux tells the address to the driver and then leans back against the seat, mindlessly moving his hand over his clock. He keeps staring ahead, not wanting to cause any discomfort to himself or the man next to him. However, he is bound to turn when he hears Ren cleaning his throat. “So... How’s your house like?” he asks, and honestly, Hux does not want to answer. Not at all. He is not a person that likes small talks, most importantly with people he hates. He is a very polite person, however, so he does answer. “Small and boring” he says, because that’s what Phasma and his parents had said. Kylo looks unimpressed and then smirks again, chuckling lightly to himself. Hux hates that noise. He seriously does. He was already regretting the decision he had made. “Small and boring, I see. Just like you then” he says, and Hux stays still for a second, the words sinking in. Well, that surely wasn’t the way of making anyone want to sleep with you. Which left the question inside Hux’s mind even louder: did Kylo really want to sleep with him? Hux decides to ignore what was said and simply turn back to star ahead. 10:50 am Look out of the window. Get out of cab. Pay driver. Wait for Ren. “Wow. Your house is indeed very small” Kylo says, smirking and walking up the steps to the door. Hux rolls his eyes before following him, unlocking the door and walking inside. Kylo follows behind, seeming to pay attention to every single detail around the house. There wasn’t much to see, besides the green walls and green furniture and wood floor. He knows it’s boring. Just like him. And small, really small. One kitchen, one living room, one bathroom, one bedroom. That is all he needs. “Yes. I live alone. I don’t usually bring people here. I don’t need it to be big. As big as it is, the harder it is to clean it” Hux answers, not because he wants to, but because it is the polite thing to do. And Kylo always had the ability to make Hux want to answer back, like no one had before. “You look like someone that likes to have their house clean” Kylo says, and little does he know about the mess that is behind Hux’s cabinet. Hux nods and walks to the kitchen, being followed by Kylo while the latter looks around. “It’s a nice house nevertheless. It really works with you” Well, no one has ever said that before. “Um... Thank you” Hux mutters, starting to feel nervous from some reason he cannot point out. He looks down to his clock to calm down. 11:02 am Look at the clock. Take a deep breath. Relax. “I would accept a glass of water, if you are going to offer me something at all” Kylo says, chuckling, and once again Hux gets irritated. That sound. God have mercy. He nods and walks to his cabinet, taking out a bottle of wine and serving both of them in very fancy glasses. Kylo seems as confused as Hux himself is. He only serves wine to people he likes. But he doesn’t stop himself, not this time. “That’s... not water, but alright” “You don’t look like someone who actually wants water. Not after that fight” Hux says, without any hesitation, and he feels Kylo getting tense before the anger comes in. Oh, how he loves to see Ren angry. “That was nothing” he says, angrily, sitting down on a chair and grabbing his glass. He drinks the wine in less than five seconds and nods for Hux to put more. Hux complies, smirking, and sitting next to Kylo, sipping calmly on his glass. “So. How do you know Solo?” he asks, because the only thing he can imagine is that Kylo had worked for Solo’s company before entering Snoke’s. Which isn’t unheard of. Hux himself had thought, in the past, about entering Solo’s company. He didn’t, and now he’s glad. However, he isn’t ready for what comes out of Kylo’s mouth. “He’s my father” he says, as if he is spitting venom on Hux’s table. The anger, the hate, is clear. Not even Hux has been so angry like that, even though he knows he’s very good at hiding his emotions. “He is a stupid, useless old man that keeps wanting to bring me back to his failed company, in hopes that I will continue his steps. I won’t. The company is clearly failing. There is no reason not to sell it while there’s still time. But he doesn’t want to sell it. This stupid company is just like that old, broken van he calls Millennium Falcon. He named his broken car. He’s so stupid” he groans, drinking the rest of the wine again and serving some more. Hux just shrugs, looking down at his own glass, still almost filled with wine. “Indeed your father is an idiot” he says, easily, and he expects Kylo to be angry. But the man next to him looks up at him with wide eyes and then nods, almost like a child or a dog that has made the right decision. “Yes he is! At last someone agrees with me!” he says, loudly, and then laughs, his head falling back. Hux surely has never seen that smile on Ren’s face. He feels an urge to paint, but he holds it back. There aren’t many people who know about his paintings. But then again, there aren’t many people that come to his house, sit on his chair and drink his wine either. “Ren” he calls, and the man looks at him, a smirk still on his face. He seems so pleased with himself. “Remember in that hideous party where you asked me what I liked doing?” he asks, and he waits Ren to shake his head. “Yes. You said you liked painting” he answers, as his smirk slowly turns back to his usual stoic face. “And then you punched me in the face. It was awesome” There is something in that phrase that Hux feels like he should know, but he doesn’t, so he lets it slide and ignores it completely. “Do you want to see them? My paintings?” 11:16 am Stare at Ren. Wait for his answer. 11:17am Open mouth. Cancel questio- “Sure” Kylo says, smiling very lightly, and his eyes seem to shine in something that Hux cannot put his finger on. Hux nods and leaves his glass over the table before getting up and being followed by Kylo to the living room. And then, it starts. He forgets the clock, the time, while he pushes the TV, the couch, the cabinet, and transforms his boring living room in his studio. Then, he removes the canvas already painted on form behind the cabinet and stops in front of Kylo, who is simply staring, confused and amused. “There are more. But these are the most recent ones” Hux explains, because honestly, showing off six canvas to someone after saying he liked painting sounds ridiculous to Hux’s head. He shows one of the mountains, and Kylo nods, sipping on his wine with a smirk. He shows one of a beach, and Kylo sits down on the pushed away couch, glancing the paintings as if he is deciphering them, as if he is trying to decipher Hux through the paintings. And Hux realizes that’s something really smart to do. The last one Hux shows is Kylo himself. He hopes, inside, that the man in front of him won’t realize it’s him, at the same time that he wants Kylo to know. After all, if he paints well, Kylo would see the similarities. As soon as Kylo’s eyes fall on the painting, Hux knows he realized. His brown eyes shine brighter, widen a little, his tongue moves over his lip, his hand squeezes the glass a bit tighter, his position changes. He seems pleased, and curious. “Well... I thought you hated me” he says, chuckling – again – and then gets up, taking the canvas gently from Hux’s hand and watching it closely. Hux watches him, quietly, the other canvas laid on the ground, forgotten for a few minutes. When Kylo stops analyzing the picture, he puts it down and smirks at Hux in the same way that made Hux’s heart go faster a few months ago. His eyes are shining. Hux wants to paint them. “Now I am doubting that” “You shouldn’t” Hux says, slowly, but Kylo just chuckles and moves closer. Hux knows what he’s going to do. He knows he should move back. He does. Kylo follows. They do a weird dance where Hux steps back and Kylo steps forward until Hux’s back meets the wall, and he’s obliged to stop. Kylo does not stop until their bodies are almost touching, and Hux can feel the heat coming from the man in front of him. Kylo’s brown eyes are so warm, like hot chocolate. “Get away from me” “You don’t want me to” Kylo says, with so much certainty, that Hux almost punches him again, right there and then. He holds himself back however. It’s not polite to punch someone you invited over. “I can see it in your eyes. You can lie to me, to yourself, but your eyes and your body can’t lie to either of us. Just... let me...” he mumbles, and now he is coming closer, definitely, and Hux feels his heart going wild, beating fast, his breathing getting hard, his hands tremble. He lifts his hand, he needs to know, but Kylo probably sees it as a threat and holds his wrist, pushing it against the wall, his eyes focused on Hux’s. And Hux knows he probably shouldn’t be feeling like that, he’s a grown up man, he knows what he wants and what he doesn’t. He knows what he needs. Before they can touch, Hux lifts his other hand and slaps Kylo’s face with no hesitation. That’s when the man lets go of his hand and Hux is able to look down at his clock. 11:34 am Look down at clock. Check time. Breathe. Breathe. “Alright” he hears Kylo saying, and when he looks up, the man is staring away form him, his shoulders tense, firm. He looks angry. He probably is angry. Hux would be too, in his position. “You know, the next time you want to humiliate someone, don’t call them to your house. Actually, don’t call them at all. It has been eight months that I try to get something from you, but nothing I do works. It’s fine really. I’ve received no’s before. But not like this” he says, and Hux knows he probably doesn’t know he’s saying that out loud. Then, Kylo turns around and stares with hot, burning eyes at Hux. “Not like this. Goodbye” he growls, before looking down at the canvas with him painted and kicking it away. Hux should feel relieved, but he doesn’t. He feels terrible. Worst than when he forgets his clock at his house – even though that never happens anymore. And while Kylo runs off and walks out of Hux’s house, he knows he was done for. Kylo would talk to Snoke and steal his job. He has the power. Hux would do it if he had the power. But he doesn’t. So he simply watches Kylo walking out and then falls on the ground, leaning against the wall. Well, that day had surely been terrible. He wasn’t surprised. Hux hated Sundays. 11:40 am Take a deep breath. Close eyes. Sigh. Chapter 4 : ??:?? ?? Summary: “Get away from me” he growls, pushing Kylo’s hands away and walking straight forward to the door, opening it and leaving. He walks through a hallway that surely didn’t seem that big when he first passed by it, and then finally finds the stairs that lead down. He leaves the party as quick as possible without saying any goodbyes, and sits inside the cab with his knees pressed to his chest and his head between his legs. He does not cry, but he surely feels like he does. 12:37 pm Check the clock. Look up. “Come in” Hux says when he hears the knock on his door. He has been working inside his office since six am, and hasn’t stopped for a break. He doesn’t really want to stop. Not even for lunch. He stares at the door while Phasma walks in and then leans against the wall, staring down at him like she wants to talk about something. He knows exactly what she wants to talk about. “Come grab lunch with me” she says, and there is no room for a denial in her voice. Hux still feels like denying the invite anyway. He doesn’t, finishing a phrase in his report before standing up and walking with her outside his office. He doesn’t stare at Ren when the three of them stop in front of the elevator. Ren says nothing, and it’s clear that Phasma can feel the uncomfortable feeling surrounding them. Hux doesn’t regret that slap as much as he regrets it. The three go inside the elevator before Phasma looks up, her blue eyes wide. He knows what she is going to say. She says she forgot something that she clearly didn’t forget and leaves the elevator, letting the two of them alone. Both stay quiet, staring at their feet. It feels like hours, and the number on the screen changes so slowly Hux just wants to get out. 12:40 pm Look down. Check time. Close eyes. He’s so tired. Hux knows he shouldn’t be feeling like that. He shouldn’t be feeling at all. But since that day, a few weeks ago, everything had gone wrong. He got distracted easily, felt the urge to paint not only on Saturdays, and couldn’t take Kylo’s eyes off his head. Every time he closed his eyes, he saw them. Hux couldn’t deal with it anymore. And yet, he knows he won’t do anything. He keeps staring at his feet, wishing the elevator could be faster. And then, he hears it. “Phasma convinced me you need a break” Kylo says, and his voice is firm, cold, distant. Unlike any other time they have ever talked. “She convinced me to invite you to my party this Friday. You don’t have to come. I hope you don’t really. But I know she won’t stop annoying me unless I talk to you. So there’s that” he finishes, and Hux nods, because he can’t do anything else. His throat feels closed, and he doesn’t understand why. Then, the elevator door opens and Kylo walks off as quickly as possible. Hux follows up slowly, leaning against the wall next to it and waiting for Phasma. He doesn’t want to wait. He wants to go back up and continue working. But she really can be a pain in the ass when she wants, and Hux is not in the mood for her annoying days. When she gets there, they walk off, grab their lunches and eat silently, not really talking about anything. Hux doesn’t feel like talking. Not today. Not any day soon. He hates himself and he doesn’t understand why suddenly he just wants to let it all go and do something crazy. 09:15 pm Walk out of cab. Pay driver. Stare. Everyone seems surprised when they see him coming inside, even himself. He doesn’t know why he’s here, but he had an urge to appear, and there he was, in Kylo Ren’s party, walking to the bar and asking for something strong. He remembers the last time he asked for something like that. Phasma doesn’t take long to come closer to him, sitting on the stall and smirking at him. She seems to know more than he does. He doesn’t like that stare. He doesn’t like anything in that party really. He knows he should go home, but something stops him this time. Phasma waits for him to get really drunk before start talking about what she really wants to talk. “You should talk to him” she says, and Hux shakes his head. He doesn’t want to talk to Ren. He hates him. But he doesn’t really. He doesn’t know. “You should” “I shouldn’t. I don’t know why I came” he says honestly, and she smirks, making him angry. He’s so drunk he doesn’t remember to look down at his clock. He just wants that smirk off her face. “I’ll go call him. Wait here” she says, and while he tries to stop her, he’s not very successful. She leaves, and he knows that if he walks out, they won’t be able t find him. He will be able to go home and forget he ever came. But he doesn’t. He doesn’t move. He asks for another drink, and drinks more, and more, and more, until he feels weird and it’s like he’s inside one of his paintings. Everything is colorful and loud and he actually smiles at it all for once. And then, he sees those beautiful, shiny brown eyes, and he remembers that he’s not having fun. He will never have fun. That’s not how he has fun. He has his paintings and those are all that matters. “Phasma said you wanted to talk” Ren starts, and he’s also drunk, Hux can tell, but he’s not half as drunk as Hux is. “Though I am already surprised you’re here. And drinking” There is no light tone in his voice. Kylo is not playing around. He’s far from Hux. It doesn’t seem like he wants to come closer. He’s just standing there, face serious, drink in his hand, as if he’s waiting for Hux to say something. He doesn’t know what to say. He doesn’t want to say anything. He shouldn’t want to say anything. The calm brown becomes annoyed brown. Annoyed brown becomes angry brown. Hux’s mouth opens before Kylo can step away from him. “Your parties suck” he says, because he doesn’t want Ren to leave. He also curses himself for saying anything and for not wanting Ren to leave. For once, Ren actually seems to get his hidden meaning, by the way his eyes sparkle, but nothing in his body language changes. “Why are you here then?” he asks, and Hux knows he wants to finish that phrase, but he doesn’t. He doesn’t because Hux humiliated him and he doesn’t want to be stupid. Hux can relate. He knows how it feels, to be humiliated. “You said you didn’t want me here. So I came” he says, because it sounds like the most reasonable reason. He doesn’t know why he’s there, but annoying Kylo seems to be enough. Ren chuckles, and rolls his eyes, and the party lights make his eyes ten times more beautiful. “Typical” he mutters, and Hux hears it even over the loud music around them. Their conversation ends there. Hux doesn’t know what to say. Kylo doesn’t seem to want to say anything. They sip on their drinks and suddenly, it feels a lot like those weeks ago, when they were in his living room, drinking wine. It takes a minute, but Ren opens his mouth again. “Why do you paint me, if you hate me so much?” That’s an incredibly good question, and Hux does feel like answering. He’s too drunk not to. “I don’t hate you” he says, and he regrets it, but then Ren turns to him with his oversized eyes that shine so bright and Hux doesn’t feel like he has made the wrong choice. “I used to, when you first arrived, but I don’t anymore” “You make it look like you do” he says, something very small in his voice that Hux doesn’t understand, neither tries to. Ren sighs and finishes his drink, looking quite done with their conversation, before turning to Hux. “Well... Enjoy the party” He makes it to leave. Hux doesn’t know what happens. He lets go from his glass, and it falls on the ground. No one notices. The music is too loud. He steps forward, raises his arms, hands grab Ren’s shirt, and he pulls him down for a harsh, deep kiss. Hux doesn’t know what he’s doing, but suddenly his body melts and he relaxes, and he feels so warm, specially when he’s answered by the movement of lips and big hands on his slim waist. It’s not a sweet kiss. It’s a hard, fast, harsh kiss, filled with tongue and teeth and breaths and desperate tugging, while their bodies collide together like magnets and they simply can’t stop, hands exploring and touching and scratching. He feels like an animal, and he acts like one, because suddenly he’s inside of his paintings and he’s alive and he feels like he’s finally living, all while Kylo presses him against the counter and grinds up to him desperately, like he has waiting for too long and neither can wait. Hux doesn’t even know what happens then, only that suddenly he’s being lifted and his legs wrap around Ren’s waist and he’s being taken somewhere but he doesn’t care, for once he doesn’t care, he doesn’t think, he just feels. He feels Kylo’s body against his, solid and firm and sure, and he feels the bed under him when he’s laid down, and he feels Kylo all over in ways Hux had never let himself wonder about. And after everything is done, and they are laying down side by side in the bed, with the party still loud downstairs, Hux feels the weight of everything they did coming down over him and he can’t breathe. He looks down, desperately, and calms down a bit. 11:19 pm Check time. He sighs deeply, and stares at the ceiling, until he feels kisses being left on his arm, shoulder, neck, and it all feels too much. Too soon. He pushes Kylo away with a hand and closes his eyes because he can still feel Kylo all over him and he just can’t not like it. “What is it?” Ren mutters, his voice soft, and Hux can’t look at him. Not now. He just can’t. Ren moves his hand to touch Hux’s arm and that’s the last thing Hux needs at the moment. He gets up, almost as if Kylo had just pressed a button, and starts to get dressed. “Hux, what the...” “No, Ren. No” he says, fast, because he doesn’t want to hear it. He doesn’t. He gets up, finishing pulling his pants on, and he feels sticky and gross and he needs a shower, but he doesn’t regret anything and that makes him even angrier. When he is at the door, ready to walk away, hands stop him by holding his waist and he feels a warm and solid body behind his, pressing their bodies together, a nose on his neck, smelling him, lips kissing his skin, and everything inside Hux is begging for him to release, to let go, to stay. His body melts, his heart skips a beat, and he feels so weird, because there is a moan on his throat he doesn’t want to let out. “Hux... Stay” Kylo whispers, and his voice is so soft and smooth and dark and deep, and now he’s biting Hux’s neck and ear, his hands are moving to Hux’s stomach to pull him even closer to his huge body and Hux feels so small, in a way that doesn’t feel bad like it used to, in a way that makes his heart scream at him to stay a little longer, in a way that makes his body respond to every single touch. If he stays, there will be no return, and he knows it. He just wishes his brain wasn’t such a machine sometimes. “Get away from me” he growls, pushing Kylo’s hands away and walking straight forward to the door, opening it and leaving. He walks through a hallway that surely didn’t seem that big when he first passed by it, and then finally finds the stairs that lead down. He leaves the party as quick as possible without saying any goodbyes, and sits inside the cab with his knees pressed to his chest and his head between his legs. He does not cry, but he surely feels like he does. ??:?? ?? Breathe. Breathe. Breathe. Breathe. Breathe. ??:?? ?? Paint. Chapter 5 : A Muse Summary: “You said you wanted to be my muse” he whispers, and for some reason that makes Kylo change all his body language. He licks his lips, puts his hands on Hux’s waist, and it burns so good, Hux never wants it to end, honestly. His eyes hold a fire that is hard to identify and Hux doesn’t wait to pull him upstairs inside his house and close the door behind him. Notes: Okay, to celebrate the fact that I GOT INTO COLLEGE (YES) I decided to post another chapter, so here it is! Leave comments and kudos if you enjoy it! Thanks! 05:12 am 05:13 am 05:14 am 05:15 am “Hux” he hears, and quickly raises his head to the sound. Phasma is there, staring at him, messy hair and angry expression, but her eyes show worry. He really doesn’t know why he called her at four am. He just needed... something. “What happened? You don’t seem fine” He never said he is. “Everything happened. Everything that wasn’t supposed to happen happened” he says, and his voice is so shaken that he doesn’t recognize it. He hates it. She stares at him, confused, before it kicks in. She must have seen. And for her expression, she did see it. “You mean... You and Ren...” she assumes, and Hux nods even though he doesn’t want to. Everything seems to be spinning and he can’t stop feeling what he felt the last night and it kills him inside every time. “Shit... Well... At least you finally did something, right?” If stares could kill, Phasma would be dead in a second. “I was drunk. It was a mistake” he says, but it sounds wrong, and he doesn’t know why. His stomach turns again and he feels like throwing up. Maybe he should. He doesn’t know. Phasma doesn’t agree with his statement. “Hux, why was it a mistake? He is into you since he first saw you, and you are into him. It’s obvious. Just let it happen. For once” she begs, and he closes his eyes. He tries to breathe, but it comes out shaken and harsh and too deep. His hands are trembling. He opens his eyes, and they flicker down. 05:26 am Think. Think. Anything. Think. Hux groans and rubs his face, wanting to rip it off. He wishes he could rip off the feeling of Ren’s hands on him, the feeling of his lips, the warmth inside his body, the smell of his expensive cologne, the feeling of his skin, his tense muscles, his soft hair, the shine of his eyes, the pink of his lips, the sound of his moans. He came out of Hux’s worst nightmare, and now Hux simply can’t escape. He has to. He needs to go. He needs to leave. He opens his eyes just as Phasma is reaching out for him, and he stops her with a glance. “I’m going on a trip” he says, and even he doesn’t believe what he just said. Phasma stares at him. “A long one. I need vacations. Now” “Don’t run away from him, Hux” Phasma warns, and then stands up. She’s leaving, Hux knows, and he doesn’t stop her. He doesn’t want to stop her. “I’m not letting you. For once something good happened in your life and you won’t give it up for fear. You will live it, even if I have to make you live it” Little does she know that was the only time Hux felt alive in a long time. She walks out, leaves Hux there, and he just stops. He stares at nothing, tired, and he wants to go back to sleep, but he knows what he will dream with if he does, so he turns and organizes his living room before removing the canvas from behind the cabinet. He wants to paint, but there’s nothing inside him to free besides the agony he feels. He never painted agony. In the end, agony takes form of a mixture of oranges and greens and brows and blacks and blues. It’s abstract, just colors all around, but Hux knows the meaning behind it and that’s what it matters. He closes his eyes and he can’t relax, not like he used to. His heart screams so loud and his head is so confused and he doesn’t know what to do. When he sees it, it’s too late. The message is already sent and he feels like throwing up. This time, he does, because he just feels too sick not to. He washes his face, holds the sink and prays that his phone stops working. He could walk away. He could leave his house. But he doesn’t. 07:34 am Breathe. Breathe. When looking down at the clock makes no effect in his body, he goes for his emergence kit and grabs the package of cigarettes from inside his drawer. He hasn’t smoked it at least five years. It’s a bad habit. He knows. He walks outside and sits on the stairs that lead to his house, lightening a cigarette and smoking slowly, making sure to savor every single drag. He hates smoking. He hates himself. He smokes another. And another. And another. It stops feeling so bad after the fifth. His muscles relax and he closes his eyes and he feels a bit more alive, but not even close to what he felt. He finishes the package and looks beyond, waiting. Then, he goes to the small store close to his house and buys three more packages. He returns and sits down and starts smoking again, this time calmer, taking his time to light it up, taking his time to smoke it. 08:56 am Drag. Blow. Close eyes. “You sent me a message” he hears, and his eyes open at the voice. He honestly feels surprised. Hux looks up and Ren is staring at him, eyes focused on his face, and he seems angry and surprised at the same time. “You smoke?” Hux doesn’t answer. Not the question at least. He stands up, dragging, and blows the smoke on Ren’s face, but he keeps his face still, and breathes as if it was all normal air. Hux feels drunk, but he isn’t, and this time he can’t blame on the drinks. He shouldn’t listen to Phasma but he does, and he grabs Ren’s shirt after letting the package in his hand fall on the ground. “You said you wanted to be my muse” he whispers, and for some reason that makes Kylo change all his body language. He licks his lips, puts his hands on Hux’s waist, and it burns so good, Hux never wants it to end, honestly. His eyes hold a fire that is hard to identify and Hux doesn’t wait to pull him upstairs inside his house and close the door behind him. Once again, it isn’t Kylo who initiates it. Hux moves forward and presses Kylo against the door, brushing their noses together and Kylo melts against him, following Hux’s lips without making any indication he will take the first move, and Hux gets tired of waiting, just leaning in and biting Kylo’s bottom lip while his hands go down his chest, stomach, and then moves them back to grab Kylo’s ass, making him close his eyes in the process, the man’s large hands just holding Hux close, not making any moves, not yet. Hux realizes then that this will be a game. He likes the game. He wants to play, even though neither knows the rules or how to play it. He kisses down Kylo’s sharp jaw, his neck, and everything spins in such a good way that even Hux doesn’t understand. Maybe it’s the cigarettes, but he doesn’t really care anymore, not at the current moment. Nothing, no drug, no ink, can compare to the thrill he feels every time he listens a moan coming out of Kylo’s mouth. Hux bites the man’s throat, hard, and sucks it, creating after a while a huge purple mark that will stay for a few days. He feels proud. Kylo still makes no moves, but he melts as if he has been waiting for this for years. Hux then moves away, because his prior statement was real, and he did not call Kylo over to fuck. Not only for that, anyway. Kylo looks at him as if he’s craving his touch, as if he’s upset that Hux is too far away to just grab and pull back, but he makes no vocal complains. Then, Hux nods to the couch and turns around, walking to his living room and putting a new, clean canvas on the support. Kylo gets the message and slowly walks to the couch, sitting down and staring at Hux as if he’s waiting an order. Hux never thought he would see Kylo waiting for anyone. “Clothes off” Hux says, firmly, not staring at Kylo, his voice firm. He pretends to be professional. He’s not. He listens Kylo moving and when he turns around, brushes and ink ready, he takes his time to star at the naked man in front of him, sitting on the couch, blushing, staring at Hux with his sparkling brown eyes. Hux holds back a smirk and fixes himself. “Get comfortable” And Kylo does as he’s asked. He moves slowly, biting his lip and covering the middle of his legs subtly. He then grabs his phone from the pocket of his pants and lays down on the couch, trying to pretend Hux wasn’t just staring at him from across the room. He lays down, head on the arm rest, knees up, while he plays something on his phone. Perfect. Hux then starts working, slowly making the first lines. He knows it will take time. He knows Kylo will get tired eventually. Still, he lets himself mix the feeling he has with naked Kylo in front of him with the feeling of painting and works through it slowly, using all details and making sure he’s capturing Kylo’s relaxed body, attentive eyes, the way he bites his lip when he loses, the way his muscles tense when he’s going through something hard. Kylo is so expressive without realizing and Hux is fascinated by it. “I’m tired of staying like this” Kylo complains after an hour, and Hux looks up at him and nods, slowly putting the ink and brushes down. Kylo is not a professional. He’s not used to it. Kylo looks up at him and slowly sits up as Hux simply stares at him. “What now?” Hux thinks it’s obvious, but it isn’t, so he starts to remove his own clothing, and Kylo licks his lips, watching him with sparkling eyes. When he’s completely undressed, he walks to Kylo and sits on his lap, wrapping his arms around the man’s neck and kissing him deeply. Kylo then moves his hands to Hux’s bare waist, up his back and down his ass, and Hux moves closer to him, gasping against his mouth, moving one hand up to Kylo’s hair and tugging on it harshly, only to hear the man groan against his mouth. Hux doesn’t question himself once, and when they are done, wrapped around each other on the couch, he doesn’t move away, he doesn’t try to make Kylo leave. He falls asleep with the man’s arms around his waist. ________________________________________________________________________ 08:47 am Grab ticket. Look up. “Hux. For the last time. Don’t go” Phasma pleads, standing next to Hux as they wait for his train to arrive. He holds his bag tighter. He’s taking a vacation for the first time since he moved to London, when he was twenty-one. He’s not ready, but then again, he’s not ready to see Kylo either, so this is the least bad option. “I’m not moving away. I’m visiting my parents. Snoke agreed with it. He says I need the vacation” he says, even though he knows this vacation at his moment when the company was getting worst could be the end of his job. He doesn’t care. “I will be back in two weeks” “You’re weak, and you’re a coward, Hux” Phasma says, angrily, and fixes her purse. She’s leaving, he knows, but he doesn’t find it in himself to tell her to stay. “I never thought I would say or even think this, but I really hope Ren finds someone better than you” And with that, she turns away and leaves. Hux stands, still, and nods at her words. She’s right. Ren deserves someone better. He won’t say that openly, however. He would never admit that he isn’t good enough for someone like Ren. He feels defeated when he steps inside the train, but makes nothing to change the situation. He sits by the window, watching the people in the station, fathers hugging sons, lovers saying farewell, single travellers in work. The world is so full and alive, and Hux is so empty and dead. He feels alive when he’s with Kylo. He feels full when he’s with Kylo. Maybe that’s the problem. He continues looking out when the train moves, and after an hour or so, he closes his eyes and lets himself rest for the rest of the trip. He cannot stop himself from dreaming of Ren, but he doesn’t make a fuss of it either when he wakes up. ______________________________________________________________________ 11:40 am Take a deep breath. Stop. Knock. “Master Andrew!” the maid that opens the door gasps, staring at him for a moment or two before recomposing herself and stepping aside. “It is a pleasure to see you again, sir” “Thank you Mary” he says, looking inside the mansion his parents still live. He hates it. Everything is shiny, decorated, fancy, filled with colors that don’t really match, adornments that mix classic and romantic and gothic eras. It’s simply ridiculous, but he cannot say that. “Where is mother?” “Miss Rosemary is back in the gardens” Mary says, smiling to him, and he simply nods, looking around and heading for the stairs. “Sir, don’t you want me to call Carl so he can take your bags upstairs?” “No, thank you Mary” he says, because he already hates human interaction. He doesn’t need to have a bit more just because he is too lazy to walk. He takes his bag upstairs to his old room, puts it over the bed and stares at the room that haven’t been touched since he was twenty one, when he moved away. It has been twelve years. He feels old. He walks out again and heads to the gardens, finding his mother exactly there, taking care of her camellias. He walks behind her and gently taps her shoulder, making her turn and gasp loudly when she sees him. She smiles, in a way that makes her blue eyes shine, and she hugs him as if she hasn’t seen him in ages. Twelve years, to be exact. “Andrew” she says against his shoulder, and he hugs her back because she’s his mother and he needs to respect her. She pulls back, staring at him, and even though she doesn’t stop smiling, her eyes seem to get a bit darker as she looks at him. “Oh my boy... You’re so thin... have you been feeding yourself?” “Yes mother” he complains, rolling his eyes and receiving a soft slap on his arm. He doesn’t comment on it. He doesn’t care, not anymore. Not even if it had been a real one. He knows it’s just a small joke. “Your father will love to see you here” she says, and Hux holds back a flinch. He nods and lets himself be taken by his mother inside the house again. He knows where his father is. He avoids the room on propose, but she takes him there anyway. “Jonathan! Our son is back!” They walk through huge wooden doors and his father is in there. He looks around the room, and it is exactly as he remembers. Books all over the shelves, a wooden table by the right, a fireplace just in front of the door, and a chair in front of the fireplace. His father is sitting there, reading a book. He stops when they walk inside, and Hux walks behind his mother, stopping next her as she stops in front of the chair. His father looks up slowly from over his small glasses, studying first his mom and then himself. “Father” he says, firmly, after a long time of silence, and his mother looks between them, seeing how they talk with their eyes. His father is not happy to see him. “I’ll leave you two alone to talk” she says, smiling, and walks out of the room quickly, closing the door behind her. Father and son stare at each other for a while, before his father hums and closes his book, putting it away. “Have you been fired already?” he asks, raising his eyebrow, in a very familiar fashion. Hux hates that he’s just like his father in a few ways. He wants to yell at his face, say that ‘no, he hasn’t been fired because he’s too good for such a shitty company’, but he says nothing like that. 12:12 pm Take a deep breath. Relax. “I decided to use my accumulated vacation to spend some time with you and mother, like she has asked me at least twenty times this last twelve years” Hux says, sarcastically, because that’s the only language his father understands. He chuckles, and nods slowly. “You’re not a complete disappointment after all” he says, in that smirking way he loves to use when he’s making false statements, and Hux pretends he doesn’t notice because why bother? His father would never think well of him, not even if he won the entire world. “Have you found someone to settle with? A respectful lady to be the mother of my grandchildren? Have you even had sex yet?” And that is the part that Hux hates the most. “Not yet” Hux says, not saying to which question he’s referring. His father can make his assumptions. Hux doesn’t care. He would never tell his father about Ren. The whole reason of the trip was to forget the man. His father chuckles once more and nods before taking his book in hands again. “Disappointment, as presumed. Now leave my room” he says, and Hux nods, bowing lightly before walking out slowly, sighing deeply when he closes the door behind himself. He’s alone in the huge hallway and he just wants to go back to his house. He hates his parents. He hates them. Hux walks to his room and sits on his bed, grabbing his phone and checking it silently. There’s a message, from Ren, and one from Phasma, both from before eleven. He checks them and decides to only answer Ren’s. ‘Hux. Phas told me you left to your parents’ house. Did something happen?’ – KR ‘Just an annual visit. No big deal. See you in two weeks’ – AH Hux sighs deeply and closes his eyes, laying down and staring at the ceiling. He would survive two weeks, and luckily if he returned, Kylo would have gotten over him. Or he would be fired. Either option is great in Hux’s mind. No matter how much he tells himself that’s what he wants, the thoughts don’t stop the brown eyes that show in his mind every time he closes his eyes, or the warmth that covers his body, or the way his heart beats faster. He ends up falling asleep with his phone in hand, not taking part in lunch and waking up to see the stars decorating the sky outside. Chapter 6 : I love you Summary: “Sure... If that’s what you want” Rey says, and he thanks her for it in his mind. He takes sip after sip from the mug, slowly calming down and trying not to think about Ren’s words. He remembers clearly of the last person that told him those same words. ‘11:57 pm I love you too.’ Notes: UGH OKAY now the backstory begins and you guys can understand a bit of why Hux is fixed with seeing the time. Leave comments and kudos if you like it! 08:37 am Wake up. Change clothes. Walk downstairs. 08:58 am Walk to kitchen. Sit down. Wait. “Good morning, Andrew. It’s so good to see you back here with us” his mother says, smiling innocently, her eyes shining happy, and he can feel the hatred filling his lungs at that raw emotion. He nods to her, and tries to give her the less fake smile he can, before he turns his face to his father as he enters the room, sitting on the edge of the table, where the oldest man always sat. “Good morning, my beautiful wife. Good morning, son” he says, and Hux really doesn’t want to answer, but he does because it is the polite thing to do. “Morning, father” he says, without realizing his mistake, and when he does, he looks at his father’s disgusted face. “Good morning, father. I apologize” he tries again, but he knows the mistake is already done. His mother chuckles and shakes her head, saying it doesn’t matter, but he sees the way his father holds his gaze. “I have good news” he says, and Hux turns to face his plate, because that cannot be good for him. All the options possible that go through his head are terrible, and suddenly he really, really wants to run away and never return. “Philip is coming next week for a visit” No. “Oh that’s wonderful!” his mother says, oh so content, and Hux wants to die right there and then. From all the options possible, Philip is surely the worst. “I can’t believe both my sons are coming over to spend some quality time with their old mother! This will be the best week of my life!” “He will be bringing his wife and children as well” his father adds, and his mother beams in happiness as Hux holds himself back not to stand up and leave the place. Philip or Kylo? Which one is the worst? He has no idea. “Excuse me” Hux says, before breakfast is even served, and he stands up without waiting for an answer, pretending not to see his mother’s worried face or his father’s angry stare. He leaves the room quickly and rushes to the backdoors, which lead to the gardens. At least there is quiet and he can just relax for a few minutes, before someone comes after him to annoy him. 09:38 am Walk through garden. Find bench. Sit down. Hux stares ahead silently, right in front of a fountain, and wonders if he can paint moving water like he sees it. He wishes he had brought his inks and canvas, but he knows it would only make the trip worst. His father hates when he paints. Always hated it. Maybe that’s why he loves it so much. Love. That wasn’t a word he used a lot. Actually, he only used it to talk about painting and to lie to his mother. He doesn’t love anyone. Love is weakness. His mother loves his father and for that, she had to ignore all cheating he did in the early ages. His parents married for power and obligation. His mother was pregnant of him and his father couldn’t simply leave her alone. He had heard that story several times before. He wonders, for a second, why they had Philip if he was so hated. But obviously, the answer comes fast. Hux was a mistake. Philip was a planned child of a marriage that needed more decedents. After all, in case Hux was a failure, they would have another try. And they did. And there Hux is, staring at water and rethinking all the problems he thought he had gotten over. He doesn’t care about it anymore. It doesn’t mean he doesn’t think about it. It doesn’t mean he didn’t spend his entire life trying to be what his father wanted him to be. But he couldn’t. Philip won the battle. And it is fine now, but it wasn’t fine before. Suddenly, he feels an urging need to drink. Then, an urging need to call Kylo. Then, an urging need to smoke twenty cigarettes. He does none of those, and simply sits on the bench and watches the water in silence. _______________________________________________________________________ Three days is what he bares. Three days of stupid conversation, questions he doesn’t want to answer and constant reminders that Philip is on his way. Seventy-two hours of pure hatred and he can’t live with it anymore. He apologizes first to his mother, telling her a lie about work and saying goodbye as he holds his bag on his hands. Then, he goes to his father, leaving the bag outside and walking inside his room. He’s sitting on the chair, reading a book in front of the lit up fireplace. “Leaving already?” he asks, and Hux stops for a few seconds before walking all the way and stopping in front of the chair. “Goodbye father” he says, and the man in front of him looks at him from over his glasses just like he did three days before. He closes his book with a sigh and stands up, fixing his clothes and taking his glasses off, placing them over the closed book. Then, he looks at Hux for a long time and out of nowhere, he lifts his hand. Hux knows what’s coming. He knows. He knows, also, that he should accept it because he deserves it. Never once he defied his father. Never once he defended himself. This time however, Kylo comes to his mind. The day when he found Kylo on the snow after fighting with his own father. The way he seemed defeated and pathetic. He doesn’t want to be defeated and pathetic. He doesn’t want to be weak like Ren was. Like Ren is. When the hand comes down, he lifts his own and holds his father’s wrist tightly. The adrenaline feels his lungs as his father stares at him as he has defied a monster, but his father is nothing more than an old man. He’s nothing more than Jonathan Hux, and Hux has nothing to be afraid of. Not anymore. “How dare you...” he mumbles through his teeth, and Hux can see the burning rage in his eyes. He doesn’t care. He owes him nothing. “Goodbye, Jonathan” he says, firmly, and pushes Jonathan’s hand away, before giving him his back and leaving the room without any hesitation. He gets out of the room and leaves the door open, grabs his bag and leaves with no regrets in his heart. The adrenaline is still high after thirty-three years of silence, and he feels alive. He feels free. He goes to the train station, gets a ticket, and sends a message to Phasma. His hearts beats so hard and so fast and he feels incredible, just as if he has just painted a masterpiece. He gets inside the train and looks out of the window, catching all the wonderful landscapes and wondering if he could paint them later. _______________________________________________________________________ 01:57 pm Pay cab. Walk out. Knock. Hux’s heart is beating inside his throat, he can feel it almost jumping out of his mouth. He has never felt like that. He waits, waits, waits, and it feels like hours. Feels. Like hours. It feels. He holds back a soft sigh. 02:09 pm Check time. Breathe. Look up. “Hux?” he says as he opens the door. Hux looks up slowly, checking him out. Socks on his feet, which means he hasn’t left the house all morning. Shorts that leave his legs to show, an indication that he has nothing to do in the afternoon. Tank top, showing that he does not expect any visits. Messy hair, a sign he has just woken up. Kylo Ren is beautiful in mornings. “Ren” he says, almost as if he wants nothing, even though he’s standing by his door, staring at him with his bag in hand. Kylo rubs his eyes, obviously still a bit sleepy, and tilts his head. “How did you find my address?” he asks, and that’s a wonderful question. Hux rolls his eyes and moves up the steps, making Kylo step back out of instinct, clearly looking a bit taken aback by that surprise. Hux takes the advantage to throw his bag inside and grabbing Kylo’s tank top by its sides, pulling him closer in an incredibly smooth move. “Phasma” He answers, even though he realizes Kylo is not even listening at the moment. The man’s eyes are fixed on Hux’s lips, and Hux feels honored. “Why are you here? Weren’t you at your parent’s house?” he asks, but he obviously doesn’t care about the answer. Hux doesn’t answer, deciding to do what Kylo wants him to do, and presses their bodies together, kissing him hard and making his way inside the house like that. Kylo places his hands on Hux’s waist and pulls him inside, closing the door, but before he can press Hux to the wall, Hux does it to Kylo, biting the taller man’s bottom lip and pulling back with a smirk. “No no. This is my turn” he says, and that pretty much explains everything Kylo needs to know. He then leans in again, but the kiss is now slower and more sensual, and while his hands go up to tangle on Kylo’s hair, his leg moves between the man’s legs and he presses his thigh to Kylo’s crotch, causing a very welcomed reaction. This time, nothing they do is rushed. They take their time with the kisses, the touches, the foreplay, and even the afterwards. Hux wonders if Kylo would be angry if he painted the man’s face after an orgasm, especially one like that, where he looked so wrecked. It feels so good, to know he was the one that caused it. He watches as Kylo breathes in and out slowly, trying to control his breath, the beating of his heart, and Hux doesn’t stop himself of slowly brushing his fingers through Kylo’s messy hair. “I still don’t understand” Kylo mumbles, after a while, clearly enjoying the way Hux plays with his hair. They are laying on Kylo’s bed, and even so, Hux cannot say one single thing about the room. Not when he has Kylo laying there in front of him, so open and relaxed and beautiful. “Why are you here?” Hux knows what Kylo is asking, but he will never answer that question. “You’re beautiful” he says instead, and Kylo opens his eyes slowly, clearly surprised. His brown eyes shine so much Hux can barely hold himself back of just standing up and painting it on Kylo’s wall. Besides surprise, there’s also doubt inside his eyes. “You really are” “So are you” he says, because he clearly cannot think of anything else, and that doesn’t phase Hux. He has heard that before. He doesn’t care much about looks. He never did. “Thank you” he says, because it is the polite thing to say, and then leans down, stealing the softest kiss he had ever given. He pretends he doesn’t notice, just because he doesn’t want to laugh, but it’s clear that Kylo has drunk something and it still tastes in his mouth. Whiskey or something else, Hux doesn’t identify, but he wonders why would Kylo drink that in the morning. He pulls back from the kiss, but lets their noses touching, breaths mixing in the centimeters between their mouths. All of it feels so soft, intimate, and even though Hux doesn’t know how to deal with it, he doesn’t worry at the moment. He smiles at Kylo’s soft sigh, his eyes once again closed, but a second later everything comes down crashing. “I love you...” Both freeze. Clearly, that wasn’t supposed to be said out loud. Hux’s eyes widen and Kylo looks up at him with blushing cheeks and despair in his eyes. 04:12 pm Run. Run! RUN! Hux stands up in a flash. He doesn’t look at Kylo, he doesn’t listen to his apologies, to his desperate attempts to make Hux stay. He dresses up and leaves as quickly as possible, forgetting his bag completely and leaving the house running. He runs for blocks without looking back, the adrenaline back to his system, and he only stops when Kylo’s pleas are no longer in his ears. ‘Hux! Hux please! Hux please stay! I’m sorry! I’m sorry!’ The words repeat themselves inside Hux’s head, but he doesn’t identify the voice. He sits by a cafe entrance, shaking, curling up around himself and hugging his knees as he tries to stop the panic attack he’s clearly having. His breathing his not giving enough air to his lungs, he feels like he’s falling into an eternal abyss, everything is turning, he’s shaking, tears fill his eyes and he gasps for air. He can’t see the time. He can’t see the time. He can’t bring himself to look. “Sir?” he listens, and his head snaps up as someone puts their hand over his shoulder. It’s a girl. Wait. It’s Phasma’s girlfriend, Rey. “Hux? Oh dear” she says, sweetly, and kneels next to him, taking his hands and furrowing her eyebrows. “Hux. Breathe. Breathe with me” she says, and shows him how. He follows her because there’s nothing else he can do, and slowly his breathing comes back to normal, together with his heartbeat. She smiles sweetly and helps him up before calling someone inside the cafe. Soon, Finn and Poe come out, and Hux can’t do anything but accept their help as they take him inside and put him on a chair. His legs shake too much to be useful. “We should call Phasma” Finn says, but Hux shakes his head quickly, taking slow breaths and trying to control his shaking hands enough so he can hold the coffee mug in front of him. The three stare at him before slowly sitting down, worry all over their faces. “I am... fine” Hux says, slowly, now holding the mug and drinking from it slowly. They don’t seem to believe it, but they don’t pressure him. “If one of you could call a cab, that would be more than enough. Also if you could not tell about this to anyone...” “Sure... If that’s what you want” Rey says, and he thanks her for it in his mind. He takes sip after sip from the mug, slowly calming down and trying not to think about Ren’s words. He remembers clearly of the last person that told him those same words. ‘11:57 pm I love you too.’