The darkness was blinding; surrounding the girl with a power that was as unbreakable as the hold her captors now held over her. She could feel it, closing in around her. Beckoning her to its pulsing energy. In all her life, she had never experienced just exactly how strong such a thing was. She had never dreamed that its pull could be so compelling. But now, she was being forced to confront the very real threat that the darkness provided. Now she was trapped; a failure in her mission, and a prisoner of the First Order. How had it all blown apart so easily? When General Organa had set this task to her, it had all seemed so simple. Get aboard the ship. Take the saber that had once belonged to Skywalker. Get off the ship again. She had not been foolish enough to think she would remain entirely undetected, of course—but the General had selected her for this task because she was well known for her ability to evade capture. Her life, for so long before joining the Resistance, had depended on that very skill. But she had underestimated the son of the woman who had sent her here. The man they now called Kylo Ren. He had found her as easily as a cat might find a mouse; and there had not been a thing she could do to evade him. She had managed to get the weapon she had so yearned to find off ship before her own capture, of course, all but forcing the small wisp of a girl that had been instructed to come with her into the craft they had taken to arrive here before whirling and finding herself cornered with no thought of escape. Half in an effort to ensure that her young charge did manage to get away, she had attempted to engage the man in a fight. But he had swatted off her feeble strikes as though they were nothing. As if she had never began to fight him in the first place. The girl that had come with her had succeeded in flying away; the weapon they had sought securely in her grasp. But the First Order still had her; and she had never been one to fully master a lie. Her presence here was a threat to the organization she served. A threat to the friends that had trusted her in coming this far. She had never wanted to betray them. She had never wanted to put them in more danger than that which they faced every single day. And they were in danger; now, perhaps, more than ever. If the First Order discovered where they had intended to store the saber until they found Luke, all of her friends would perish. They would never find the last Jedi; because Kylo Ren would find him first. Shivering against the cold in the room the man that called himself General Hux had thrown her in, the girl fought against the fear that was clawing its way through her body; determined to reach her mind. She fought against the weakness that was so near to overwhelming; the hours upon hours spent being subjected to the constant probing of her mind wearing at her raw and jagged nerves as nothing else could. Every moment that Ben—no, Kylo Ren—spent picking way at every facet of her memories had drained her until she thought she had nothing else to waylay him with. Nothing else in reserve that could distract him from what he so yearned to find. And now, she could hear the hard weight of familiar footsteps outside the door. She could hear the locks grinding and clinking as they slid open and he entered the room. But unlike all the other times he had come to find her, this time he did not immediately press his advantage and enter her mind; instead opting for ensuring the door had in fact closed and resealed itself behind him before taking the chair before her and regarding her in silence. It was the silence that was her undoing. "What, no questions?" The girl could not see the face behind the mask worn by the one who called himself Kylo Ren. She could not tell if the raw snicker she heard through the vent were out of genuine amusement at her continuing defiance, or from knowledge of what he planned to do with her now. And in spite of herself, she found herself shrinking back in the chair that she occupied as the man before her stood to his full height; his gloved hands moving up to unhook his mask, and filling her with a strange mixture of curiosity and fear. What the mask was hiding did not live up to what she had anticipated… She had expected scars. Disfigurement. She had heard of the legend that was Kylo Ren's grandfather; and had wondered if he might perhaps have marred his own features in still another attempt at emulating him. She had even contemplated some vast deformity; perhaps a relic of a disease he had acquired since destroying what Skywalker had been so determined to build. She had prepared herself to witness all these manners of making a mask a necessity. What she had not been prepared for, was the sight of absolutely nothing that would warrant hiding one's face from the world. Stymied, the young woman forgot, for a moment, the need for keeping her mental defenses sound; instead focusing on the way wavy dark locks framed an angular face—on the way the dark eyes that seemed so filled with hatred and self-loathing were fixed upon her, gauging her reaction. For a moment—only a moment—the two had reached an impasse; seemingly satisfied with looking upon one another, instead of the constant struggle they normally endured. But soon enough, all of that faded away; the familiar push of Ren's consciousness inside of her mind paralyzing the girl with a fear she had never believed possible, even as she struggled to regain her thoughts and find a memory worthy of distraction. She did not know how much more of this she could take… … The girl was intriguing. That much could not be denied; her willful refusal to think of anything even remotely similar to the memory he so desired to find holding out even in spite of his attempts at ripping it from her forcefully. Of course, she would break, eventually. Everyone broke in the face of his power. But something about the way she always held herself, as though she were ready to die rather than give him what he wanted; even now, as her heartbeat spoke ever so clearly of her exhaustion while he towered above her had slowed his attempts at seeking what secrets she held. Something in the way she looked at him as his mask was removed and he stood beside her; no longer hidden held him prisoner as their eyes connected. As deep brown met with a bewildering green, and for a moment—only a moment—Kylo Ren was tempted to reconsider his options. Those eyes were familiar—familiar, and haunting all at once. Determined to resist such a temptation, the knight instead redirected his attentions at forcing his way inside the woman's mind once again; reveling with unadulterated abandon in how quickly she fell to trying to dissuade him from his task. He could feel her attempts at diverting him; weak and fleeting as they were. And as he forced his unexpected recognition of her to the back of his mind in favor of pushing still deeper within her mind; Kylo Ren found himself almost sinfully gleeful at the prospect of her undoing. She was weak. Foolish to think she could withstand his power. It was only a matter of time until her last defense failed; and she was broken before him. Chapter 2 She had been alone for quite some time, now; her captor seemingly content to let her wallow in her apprehension over what might come next, instead of giving credence to the very real fear that threatened to swallow her whole. She knew she was close to breaking. She knew that she could not possibly hold out against the power of Kylo Ren's interrogation much longer. But in spite of her very real feeling that she was only milliseconds away from destroying everything the Resistance had worked for; Aima took some small measure of comfort in the supposition that perhaps the Resistance would change the plan for stowing the lightsaber. Perhaps they would realize that she may be compromised; and act accordingly. It didn't stop her from fearing the eventual discovery of what she knew anyway; but it was a start… Shutting her eyes, the young woman focused on taking deep, steadying breaths to calm her jagged nerves; the silence surrounding her nearly deafening. It paled, of course, in comparison to the forced presence of Kylo Ren; not only in the room she occupied, but also in her mind. He had done that once before, of course, though she very much doubted he remembered—but in contrast to how he had been merely curious, as Ben Solo, this time he was determined. Iron-willed. Forceful. He had changed; and Aima was not entirely certain that he had remembered her at all. Before he had removed the mask that concealed his features, his thoughts had been unreadable. And, unfortunately for her, even after she had seen his face—even after she had recognized the familiarity of his features, and felt the same pull towards him as she had all those years ago, Kylo Ren had remained cautiously guarded. Aloof. Indifferent. If he had recognized her, he hadn't shown it. And that broke her heart, even in spite of how much the man had done to turn her away. She could remember the time they had spent together in their youth; savoring the rare moments they had to be alone without the presence of one of both of their sets of parents. Nothing more than a few stray kisses had transpired between them, of course; and perhaps even those were out of mere curiosity, and not any true depth of feeling. But even so, Aima could not shake the sadness that was now coming so close to overwhelming her at how the boy she had known then had changed; her tears burning her eyes as she tried in vain to keep them from rolling down her cheeks. "You never were one for masking your emotions." Jolted by the mechanical voice that had sounded from behind her, Aima tried to shift in her makeshift prison chair in an effort at seeing her captor directly; her dismay only mounting as Ren moved to stand before her, masked and hidden from her observation. It had been foolish, she knew, to hope to see his face again. But that fact notwithstanding, Aima could not mask her disappointment; her simultaneous frustration with her emotional openness palpable as she lifted her chin and addressed the man before her. "At least I have them." "Explain." Regarding him for a moment, Aima watched as he crossed both arms over his chest; her disadvantage at being the only one whose thoughts may be readily discernible upon her features at war with her desire to press him. To try and get him to let down his guard. She knew, of course, that to taunt one such as Kylo Ren was foolish. A death-wish. But if rattling his armor even a little bit came at the cost of her life, would that not be worth it? It would. She knew it would. "How could you have them, when you can't even let yourself feel what you left behind?" "What did I leave behind?" Ren inquired; his tone belying the simmering anger that rested just beneath the surface of his carefully constructed façade of calm imperviousness "Surely you do not refer to yourself." So he did remember… Shoving the minor rush of elation tinged with bitterness that rushed forward at just such a realization, Aima squared her shoulders as Ren took a minute step towards her; her fingers flexing from where her hands were chained at her sides before she spoke again. "You had a family" She pressed; ever aware of the barely leashed control her captor held over his anger, her tone when she continued speaking practically begging him to lose that control as she risked leaning forward to lessen the distance between them "A father. Friends. A mother." As she had suspected—maybe even as she had hoped—the mention of his mother served as the thing that broke him in that moment; the force of his invasion of her mind sending her jolting backward in the chair, a low cry of pain tearing from her lips as the back of her skull slammed into the headrest. The pain of it was unbearable; as though someone had applied weights to either side of her temples and had now opted for crushing her skull with them. But even in spite of the faint sheen of sweat that had now broken out upon her brow, Aima resisted the urge to scream; her jaw clenching as her fingernails dug into her palms deeply enough to draw blood. She would not give him the satisfaction of seeing her fall apart. In contrast to before, where he had been searching relentlessly for some reason behind her presence here—for some indication of where they would hide the weapon that he so desired to hold for his own—this time, Ren seemed to have no purpose whatsoever in his invasion; his desire to cause pain far outweighing anything else that might have justified his presence with her thoughts. Forcefully, he cast aside those thoughts that did not hold his interest sufficiently; the rapidity with which he moved through her mind preventing any attempts Aima may have made to thwart him. She was comforted, even if only slightly, by how she could tell he did not seem to have interest in what he had initially quarantined her in this room for—but then he was casting still another thought to the wayside; the force of it causing yet another throb of pain to pulse through her head in time with the belated chagrin she felt at the memory he had come to next… … She was standing in the hangar bay, tear tracks littering her cheeks and glinting in the light of the setting sun as she watched the preparations for departure. Today was the day she had dreaded, more than any other day in her life. More than the day her mother had died giving birth to her younger brother. More than the day her father had left, and never returned. Today was the day her dearest friend would leave to train with his uncle in the ways of the Jedi. The sound of footsteps approaching her from behind prompted Aima to dash hurriedly at the tears that so marred her features; a deep breath entering her lungs as a means of steadying her rampaging nerves before she was turning and managing a weak smile for her friend's benefit. "Ben-" "You look like we'll never see each other again" Her friend quipped; pulling her into an embrace, and pressing his lips to her hair as she mumbled her words against his chest. "You're going to be a Jedi." Ben recoiled slightly, then, pulling back just enough to lift her chin with his finger; the weight of his brown eyes boring into her and igniting a strange mixture of admiration and apprehension as his next words—words that were both determined, and frenzied as he spoke. "I'm going to be more than that, Aima" He said; pulling her to him once again, and resting his chin upon her head even as sure fingers wove through her hair "You will see when I come back for you." ... Thrown back to the present by the sudden way in which Ren vacated her mind as though he had been burned, Aima found herself trembling in the wake of such an absence; her clothes damp with the sheen of sweat that had come to cover her body. Her breath was leaving her lungs in short bursts as she forced herself to look up at the masked visage of her captor—her entire body tensing as he withdrew from her proximity in favor of standing at the more removed location near the door. Even from there, however, the young woman could see the tension in his shoulders. The faint tremble of his fingers that he was trying so desperately to avoid letting show. "You never came back." Her words came, unbidden in that moment; their tone hushed as she removed her gaze from his hands where they were now folded behind his back in favor of once again looking upon the mask. Once again, she had been unable to resist letting the very emotion that he had taunted her for rise to the surface— And now, she could not even have the favor of seeing his expression as he registered her words. As though in tune with her thoughts, in that moment, Ren emitted a low chuckle; a sound that sounded more animal than human due to the mask as he tilted his head to regard her more thoroughly for a moment before deigning to speak. "And yet I have you now." "You don't." Her words were not sincere. Even she could sense that, in spite of her desire to make their impact collide with his stoic façade like a thrown knife. But that still did not stop Aima from squaring her shoulders in the wake of how he moved to approach her once more; her anger at Ren's impassivity igniting something that she had thought never to find again. Defiance. Ren's resultant amusement at the gesture hung like a barrier between them; the weight of his gloved fingertip moving to brush a stray tendril of damp hair from her brow sending a shiver of apprehension bolting through her veins. It was agony, sitting like this—unable to see his face, or have a prayer of gauging his intentions. But before she might spare any further time in dwelling on her fears—before she could even begin to force aside the long dormant flare of something else entirely that his brief touch had kindled—he was pulling away from her; his tone hushed as he stood to his full height once more. "I will" He intoned; his certainty practically dripping from his words as he moved to the door, one final twitch of his gloved hand unlatching the bindings that held her arms and legs stiffly in place before he was gone, his last words echoing in the silence he left behind. "Someone will see you to your quarters until I have decided what is to be done with you." … Chapter 3 "Someone will see you to your quarters until I have decided what is to be done with you." … Aima could not tell how long she had been holed away in the sparsely furnished room that Ren had instructed one of his Stormtroopers to lead her to; her ever present sense of anxiety forcing her to remain standing instead of taking some solace in the chair that rested by the bed that she was supposedly to call her own. In all fairness, the room was more than she had anticipated; even in spite of how it paled in comparison to her quarters back at the Resistance base. Back there, it had comforted her to have bits and pieces of personal items—photos, and other memorabilia—to make it her own. But here? Here, there was nothing but blank counter tops and empty walls. Emotions and a sense of belonging did not figure in here. That much was obvious in the way the faint glimmer of pale white lamplight reflected against the sheer black of the wall and tile floor. This was a room meant for business and repose, only. There would be no entertainment. No comfort. She was going to lose her mind in here… Emitting a low huff, Aima opted for moving towards the wardrobe, then; slender fingers clutching at the handle and pulling it gently open. An eyebrow rose at the uniform black shirts and pants that filled the space before her; her doubt that any of them would make her blend in with her current companions bringing a low laugh to her lips. A part of her wanted to remain in the clothes she currently wore; in part to maintain her individuality, and in part as a method of irking her captor. She knew that doing so would perhaps be the only manner of defiance that she could use against the person that had rendered her consumed with both anger and intrigue. But a still greater part of her knew that she was travel-worn—dirty and disheveled. The shower in the far corner of the room was beckoning to her even in spite of how she wished she might ignore it… Resigned, the young woman opted for retracing her steps to the door that opened out onto one of the many hallways of Kylo Ren's star destroyer to ensure it was, in fact, locked, before padding back towards the bed and peeling away the layers of clothing that covered her frame. One by one, each layer fell to either the floor or the dark sheets of the bed, until she stood in nothing but her thin undergarments; the sudden chill that passed over her from the air vent causing goose-bumps to erupt over the expanse of her skin as she hurried to remove the last of her clothing, and head towards the shower. All it took was a simple press of a button; and warm water and steam came hissing from the showerhead—the soft sigh she emitted as she stepped into the spray and registered the sound of tinted doors closing around her giving her a moment's peace. She might be on an enemy ship—she might be held in captivity by a man she had so long desired to forget. But at least for the duration of her bath, she would satisfy herself with the small boon that she had been granted— At the very least, she would not die filthy. … After bathing, and donning the too-large shirt and pants that had been supplied her, Aima set about the task of collecting her travel worn clothes and stowing them away in an isolated corner of the wardrobe where they would not have the chance of dirtying anything else; her damp curls falling to create a curtain that hid her face as she worked. That familiar occurrence was almost—almost—enough to render her at least partially able to forget her current surroundings for a moment—enough to render her slightly less anxious than she had been ever since her capture… And then the sudden hiss of the door to the hallway opening jolted her from that small sense of comfort; causing her to whirl to face whomever it was that had entered her quarters, and almost immediately bringing a quizzical expression to her features. Had she really been deserving of a hand-delivered meal? The Stormtrooper that had entered her chambers with a tray of various assorted odds and ends of rations looked just exactly like any other that Aima had seen in her limited time aboard Ren's destroyer; the uniformity of nearly everything she had seen thus far unnerving more than it was comforting. Already, she had determined that the First Order's sense of dependency upon regimental precision was every bit as irksome as her captor's elusiveness and cryptic behavior. And so, in the face of her better judgment that all but screamed at her to just remain silent as the Stormtrooper made to deposit the tray upon the nearest counter; Aima stepped forward part way until she stood but a few steps from the other individual, her thirst for something—anything—that even remotely resembled contact with the outside world overriding her sense of caution as she spoke. "Did he order you not to speak, then?" The Stormtrooper froze for a moment, then, in response to her words; the dark slots in the helmet flicking towards Aima as the silence hung there between them. Somehow, even with the presence of the blaster that rested at the trooper's side, Aima knew that she was in no real danger; no matter how her heart rate had chosen to accelerate in response to the possible ramifications of her question. But almost as soon as she had decided to turn away from the guest in her quarters in some small attempt at dismissing her own query, the young woman registered the minutest of changes in posture of the person standing before her; the metallic-sounding voice that echoed through the mask curiously static as it spoke. "He only said to ensure you were well supplied for the evening meal." Well supplied—on mismatched rations? "What is your name?" Aima inquired then; the Stormtrooper's reply—distinctly masculine—igniting a sudden desire for more discourse between them even in spite of how foolish she knew such a desire to be—in spite of how she knew that something was off about his presence here—as she pressed "Where are we going? Who-" "FN-2187" The Stormtrooper replied; shifting slightly on his feet, and casting a cursory glance behind himself towards the door as though anticipating someone else to come through at any moment before continuing "As for your other questions; those are-" "Classified?" She knew the answer to that one already…just as she suspected she knew why he was here, with his hodge-podge assortment of food that had never been ordered to be delivered to her. "Yes." "Why?" Aima knew, almost without being able to explain why, that the Stormtrooper would not answer her question. That he would be unable to, even if he had wanted to. But as with every other facet of this day, even in spite of that knowledge, she seemed incapable of convincing herself to remain silent; her hand reaching out and grasping the cool firmness of FN-2187's armor clad-bicep as she narrowed the distance between them almost before she could contemplate the consequences of her actions. "Why?" "Kylo Ren isn't exactly a man you want to question." "Then why are you here with the food?" Aima returned; relinquishing her hold on the man's bicep in favor of letting him step back from her, even as she narrowed her eyes up at him while he stammered out his reply. As he realized that he had been caught- "I—I was ordered-" "You weren't" The young woman insisted; wishing that she had even the slightest hint of a glimpse of the Stormtrooper's face—wishing that she might gauge his reaction, and ascertain the truth of her suspicion as she pressed on "While I'm more than grateful for something to take the edge off, an organization as obsessive with uniformity and appearances as the First Order would hardly present someone with these." Silence met her supposition, then; the way in which FN-2187 had tensed giving proof to her growing suspicion even in spite of his evident desire to hide it. She was right—but her brief flare of self-satisfaction was soon squashed in the rigid way the Stormtrooper held himself then; bringing doubt into her mind as she realized her haste to arrive to her conclusion had come at the cost of making her seem cold. Callous. In contradiction to how she had not desired to appear haughty or unappreciative, it seemed that those two feelings were exactly what she had conveyed—and half in an attempt at assuaging her own sense of guilt, Aima was once again stepping forward; her voice softer—less suspicious—as she spoke. "It's not that I don't appreciate them" She said; trying to force an encouraging smile as she pressed on "I just—I'm a bit unaccustomed to the idea of the enemy trying to help me." "So am I." The reply had come unbidden, that much was obvious in the faint twitch of the Stormtrooper's shoulders as though he wished to shake himself from this bout of unanticipated honesty with a practical stranger. But something seemed to have prompted him to forsake all thought of caution, even in the face of the strangeness of his actions; his head once again swiveling to glance towards the door of their confinement for a moment before he elaborated. "I was expecting your hatred, not your gratitude." Wincing at the brutal truth in those words, Aima found herself facing an entirely different wave of guilt, then; her eyes stinging as she tried to hastily blink back tears. Suddenly, all of this was too much. Her captivity—the uncharacteristically generous agent of the First Order—the elusiveness of her captor, and the uncertainty of her feelings regarding him—all of it was too much. And even with the sensation of the Stormtrooper's own gloved and uniformed hand coming to rest awkwardly upon her shoulder in some attempt at showing comfort or concern, the young woman could not shake the overwhelming feeling of terror that came upon her then; her heart only pounding harder as a bleak voice emanated from the communicator at FN-2187's side. "Eight-seven" A cold, feminine voice intoned; the static of the comm hissing through the air for a moment before the voice buzzed in their ears once again "As you are already with Ren's prisoner, kindly see her to the training deck. General Hux wishes to test her capabilities in order to ascertain where she will be of the most use." Dead silence hung over them once more for a moment; the apprehension both parties felt at the contents of the communication palpable in the suddenly constricting confines of the room they occupied. Aima herself felt perhaps the greatest amount of uncertainty, in that moment; her assumption that she would merely be held hostage here suddenly falling false as a new blade of fear lanced through her at the prospect of what was to come. In a way, the idea of being cooped up in this room now seemed so much better than what now rested before her— But she did not seem to have much of a choice. Perhaps…perhaps she never had. Perhaps she had always been meant to find him again; never to leave. Startled by the sudden movement as FN-2187 once again stood back from her, Aima did as best she could to force herself back to at least semi-awareness, then; her resignation she felt at war with the sudden need to avoid pushing the Stormtrooper that had only tried to help her into conflict. Her refusal now would only put him in jeopardy of accusation of defying orders—and so it was that the young woman found herself managing a weak nod as she hurriedly reached both hands up to knot her hair at the base of her neck; her steps settling in to follow behind FN-2187 as he made to lead her from her quarters, and towards the destination the female voice from the comm had ordered them to meet as one question rang paramount in her mind. Was removal from isolation not, after all, what she had wanted? … Chapter 4 Hours later found Aima still in the simulation room; both hands clutching the drill weapon that she had been given as she peered cautiously around the corner. It seemed like ages since she had seen anyone else that had undertaken this particular test run with her. Ages since she had located FN-2187, or even caught a glimpse of General Hux. Keeping to the edge of the drill zone had kept her status as 'alive'— But it had also made her curious to see what had happened in the time since she had disappeared. A part of her knew that her actions were likely not pursuant to the course she ought to have taken. In the brief journey from her quarters to the testing arena, the Stormtrooper that had brought her the food that still remained untouched filling her in on what would be expected of them. For them, it would be a routine drill. Something that would serve as nothing more than practice for what was to come. But for her? For her, it would be an initiation, to see where she would fit. To see how much use she could be to the First Order. She was not sure she wanted to fit anywhere. In spite of such a feeling, however, Aima could not help but inch forward after she had ascertained that the immediate vicinity was clear; her mock weapon still held at the ready. She had been told the impact of its blast would render one temporarily unconscious. That it would sting like nothing they had ever experienced when they awakened again. And she would be lying if she said fearing its impact was not at the forefront of her mind; every sense on alert for any noise as she crept forward on silent feet. She was at the very edge of the foray. On the outside, as she always had been. But she knew that her desire to remain aloof—safe—was probably something that might end up helping her. Last one standing wins… … "Sir, she is still sticking to the perimeter" A grey-clad officer reported; careful to avoid looking directly at his leader as the figure resided just outside of his peripheral vision—careful to avoid invoking his wrath "Weapon registries indicate no oppositional fire." "Drive her in." "How, sir?" The officer inquired; flinching as Kylo Ren moved closer, so that he was standing a hairsbreadth away from his shoulder, his voice as always augmented by the mask he wore. "Initiate outer patrol." "Sir?" A moment's pause was spared, then, in which the officer feared that he had gone too far; his questioning rendering Ren eerily silent for a moment as his masked gaze fell upon the man before him. It was a cold and distant thing, always having to address a creature in a mask; the hollow quality to the voice that emitted from it only adding to the fear that was felt when in the same proximity. But almost as soon as the officer had determined that his end was set in stone; Ren was turning away, the fingers of one hand curling into a fist as he made to exit the room while he replied. "Initiate outer patrol. See how she fares when faced with adversity." "Yes sir." The officer could not explain why; but he almost felt sorry for the girl… … The sound of crashing and thudding soon brought Aima to a stop as she moved backwards until she rested with her back flat against the nearby wall; fingers clutching even more tightly at the weapon she held as she chewed her lower lip. The sound was close. Far too close to give her comfort that she was still alone on the edge as she had been before. And almost as soon as such a thought had entered her mind, the sound of voices that must have been coming from the bend in the path that rested ahead of her reached her ears; the noise sending her heart to leap up until it rested somewhere in her throat. "Find the girl." Not alone, at all… Doubling back, Aima forced herself into a sprint, then; all thoughts of remaining unheard forgone as she tried to put some distance between herself and the unwanted intruders on her solitude. A part of her was inclined to believe that they were not real—that they were simply part of the simulation, sent to test her. But somehow, even in spite of that thought, the young woman could not quite stop the fear that their weapon fire would be every bit as real as any Stormtrooper's from taking over; her feet still carrying her away from the sound even as she realized that every step she took brought her closer to the center of the simulation. Stunned by such a realization, Aima took a sudden left at the first opportunity afforded in the maze she had been forced into; hoping beyond hope that she would be able to somehow find a way to make it back to the edge. Already, she could feel her lungs beginning to burn with her exertion. Already she could feel the head of steam that she had picked up out of sheer adrenaline beginning to fade. But she forced herself to keep running; the sound of heavy footsteps thudding along behind her spurring her forward as nothing else could— Until she rounded the next corner that would have her reverting back towards the edge of the simulation; and came face to face with half a dozen armored officers, with weapons drawn. Unable to restrain the startled cry that left her lips, the girl turned tail and ran back the way in which she had come, only looking back long enough to fire off a shot or two of her own as the officers gave her chase. Curiously, her own shots seemed to have no effect on their approach—the impact blasting off of an armored chest, or shoulder, but never stalling their movements. And it was with no small amount of fear that the young woman cast aside all hope of cutting down their numbers; instead returning her attention solely to the efforts she was making at escape. Just as she had been about to take yet another turn in hopes of losing those that were pursuing her, however, Aima found herself brought up short as the nearest intersection of paths put her face to face with still more of the armored men that she could hear now closing the distance between them as they came up behind her—as one of the men that was ahead of her took advantage of how she had slowed to a stop and latched onto her arm to tug her towards him— As the impact of the barrel of the blaster he held coming to press up against her chest, right over her heart, caused instinct to take precedence over all else as the unthinkable happened. Almost without thinking, Aima had yanked her wrist away from the unwanted contact; her panic flaring within her chest as she found herself surrounded. But that was not the action that had so stunned her. It was only normal, she knew, to shy away from unfamiliar touch. But to suddenly push something unanticipated—something completely and totally foreign—outward from herself—something that caused the men surrounding her to suddenly be forced backwards, the impact of the blow they had experienced shredding them into a thousand pixels— That was what had caused her to stumble backwards until she tripped over her own feet, and landed roughly on her bottom as everything around her shook with the collateral impact of what she had just done. What had she done? … "Ren has brought us a coward" General Hux intoned; observing the girl's movements as she ran from the guards the simulation had created on the large holoscreen before him with remote disinterest as he stood with hands clasped behind his back "How redundant." "What use will she be to us then, sir?" Regarding the man that had spoken for a moment, Hux considered the implications of such a question; his immediate response dying away with the knowledge that Ren would never dispose of the girl, no matter how useless she was. Already, it was obvious that he was intrigued by her—or rather, by her connection to the past that he had known when he stood in the Light. That much was evident in how he had declined the option of ending her as soon as he had found her. She should have died, then. Hux knew that. But Ren had permitted her to live. He had given her quarters—something to call her own. It was then, that General Hux had determined that the only one to dispose of the girl, should the need arise, would be him. Content with such knowledge, the General made to return his attention back towards the holoscreen; his resolve unflappable as he finally deigned to reply. "That remains to be determined" Hux said; forcing his tone to carry as much neutral ease as he could, and seeking out the girl to determine where she had run to. But in contrast to how he had expected to see her still fleeing, or perhaps ducking behind yet another corner as a means of escape, Hux instead found himself blinking back shock as he realized that the girl was now surrounded by the armed guards—that one of them had grasped her wrist— As he realized that he was now being forced to watch, speechless, as she tugged herself away from the guard; the motion that had initially seemed only natural suddenly blowing apart as the guards simultaneously fell back from her, and blew apart as though they had been nothing. They had been nothing, of course, having been created from the simulation; but the fact that she had singlehandedly destroyed them spoke to a greater truth about her than Hux had ever anticipated. "Bring the girl to me" He ordered; his shock permitting his voice to crack slightly as he turned on a heel and made for the exit of the command room. "Supreme Leader Snoke will want to see her." … Chapter 5 "I don't understand" Aima protested; hurrying to keep up with the long strides of General Hux as they moved along the blindingly bright corridor alongside the battalion of Stormtroopers that had accompanied them "Where are you taking me?" A stern glare was the only form of reply she received in that moment; Hux's cold blue eyes flitting across her frame for only a fleeting instant before they were once again returning to the journey before them. In truth, Aima had not been sure what she ought to have expected from the General; her brief experiences with him thus far having shown her nothing regarding his character, save for his unwavering commitment to precision and order. To him, everything from her sudden appearance, to her unexpected performance in the drill, to her reluctance to be dragged off to wherever it was he was taking her was only too likely to irk him. But even that knowledge was not enough to render her silent; her mind frantic with a need to understand what was happening to her winning out over caution as she froze in place at the last second, forcing the entirety of their column to come to a sudden halt. "Where are you taking me?" "That is not something you need to know" Hux replied; his irritation at their sudden stop showing in the way his eyes had tightened minutely at their corners as he finished "Nor is it something you are within rights to demand." "Then I will go no further." Aima could not explain the sudden boldness to her words, then; her fingers curling into fists at her side in an attempt at steadying herself as Hux's expression darkened. She knew, on some level, that he would not harm her. That whatever it was that she had caused while training with the other Stormtroopers had given her some small advantage as compared to what she had held before. But that did not stop the General from moving to tower over her regardless; his features nothing less than terrifying as he spoke. "You will do as you are instructed; or you will be punished." Instinct prompted Aima's reaction, in that moment; whatever impromptu strength she had found when facing the simulation of the perimeter guards once again manifesting itself as Hux made to reach for her wrist to tug her forward. Her own reluctance towards whatever it was that had begun within her had suddenly become shrouded by an almost blinding need for self-preservation. A need that became all too evident as she forced the General away from her with more fervency than was normal, just as a hauntingly familiar voice reached her ears. "General" Kylo Ren began; the mechanical timbre to his voice through the synthesizer of his mask causing Aima to find her anxiety and trepidation renewed as she registered the sound of heavy footsteps behind her, along with the noise that could only signify the battalion of Stormtroopers parting to permit their leader to pass "Leave the girl to me." "The Supreme Leader will wish to see her, Ren" Hux intoned; never flinching as the taller figure of the masked man came to stand between him and the object of his attention "It is unwise to deny him that desire." "And is it wise for you to defy me?" The silence that existed between them in that moment brought a shiver to course down Aima's spine, then; her heartbeat accelerating exponentially within her chest as she waited for one or the other of them to speak. It was obvious—so very obvious that neither of the men were willing to acquiesce to the other; their rivalry evident in how both seemed all but determined to remain exactly where they stood until the other conceded. And almost as if to emphasize that very fact, the young woman found herself flinching as she registered her would-be protector moving still closer to his adversary; his next words brooking no room for argument. "She is my prisoner. You will leave her to me." One last glance that was nothing short of scathing passed from the General to Kylo Ren in that moment, before he was moving away once again; the silence left in his wake bringing a shaky breath to pass from Aima's lungs as she took note of the almost immediate dissipation of the previous tension in their environment. It was true that the fear she had felt ever since what had transpired in the midst of the simulation had not left her; the trembling in her extremities never wavering as she waited for whatever was to come. It seemed an indeterminable amount of time where both she and her rescuer stood as they had been; him with his back to her, and her with her limbs frozen and unwilling to move. But whatever force had been holding them motionless was soon broken as Aima registered the man before her turning to look down at her; her breath catching almost instantly in her throat as he took hold of her wrist, and began the trek back towards her quarters. "Come with me." "Ben-" Aima began; her apprehension causing her voice to crack, even as she struggled to keep up with her former friend's longer strides "Ben, please, what's happening?" Almost as soon as the frantic plea had left her lips, however, the young woman soon found herself pushed back until her spine rested securely against the nearby wall of the corridor they occupied; the low gasp of shock that left her barely registering for the man who held her as she felt his fingers digging into her arm. "Ben Solo is dead" He hissed; leaning down until his eyes might have bored directly into hers, were he not masked and cowled, and ignoring the way his prisoner shrank away from him as though she had been burned as he pressed "You will not call me by that name again." As quickly as he had held her in place, Aima found all physical contact severed as the man who called himself Kylo Ren spun on a heel and continued on the way in which they had been travelling; the absence that the lack of connection created filling her with nothing less than a heavy uncertainty as she forced herself forward to follow after him. He frightened her. General Hux frightened her. But even as much as she had not a clue what the implications were behind her most recent actions, Aima could sense that there was far more to fear from the Supreme Leader that both Hux, and Kylo Ren spoke of; her desire to avoid encountering him at all prompting her to obedience. If it took acknowledging her old friend as another entity entirely, Aima would do whatever it took to prevent her fears of this Supreme Leader from being realized. … Permitting Aima to be the first to enter her quarters, Kylo Ren spared one final glance to ensure that they had not been followed before he joined her; the sound of the door hissing shut behind him bringing an uncharacteristic tension to her small frame as she turned to face him and absently fiddled with the hem of her sleeve. He could feel it—the fear that had her simultaneously ready to bold, and stubbornly prepared to face what she had unearthed head-on. And almost as much as he was forced to curse his own intrigue regarding her—an intrigue that had only grown as a direct result of her discovery—Kylo Ren was also forced to reprimand his own lack of attention. He ought to have sensed the power she held long before she had so inadvertently discovered it. Embracing that frustration, Ren opted for removing his mask then; the low hiss it made causing Aima to jump as she managed a step towards him. It was obvious, how torn she was between seeking explanation from him, and simultaneously avoiding his ire. A fact that amused him only slightly as he watched the conflict take hold of her features for a moment before speaking. "You have a gift." Seemingly intent to remain in place until she spoke for herself, Kylo Ren waited as he observed Aima's expressions in that moment; her intrigue and innate curiosity at an obvious disadvantage when it came to her apprehension. She was trembling—every fiber of the air that surrounded them was alive with his own power, and the beginnings of her own. It ought to have been obvious to him—he should have sensed something, even when they were younger and he had been foolish enough to believe in the light. But the fact that she had managed to keep such a thing a secret, even from herself, for so long indicated that she was far stronger than she knew— She would need to follow his lead if she wished to harness her full power. The defiance he sensed in her next words would only delay the inevitable… "Impossible" She began; the way her chin lifted minutely barely masking how her nerves still held sway over her mind "It was—something must have—must have gone wrong in the simulation." "Foolishness does not become you, Aima" Ren intoned; placing the mask on the small table near the door, and noting how the girl seemed intent upon watching his features as he continued "You should be pleased." "Pleased? With what?" The girl hissed; the poorly concealed anger in her words pleasing Ren as he realized exactly how much she stood to gain with her newfound abilities—as he realized how much the First Order itself stood to gain—before she was speaking again, and risking a step closer to approach him "I will not be like you." So she had suspected the source of her power— "Of course not" He returned; the prospect of the girl ever even nearing his own prowess bringing a lighter tone of amusement to his words as he moved towards her, his mind already seeking union with hers as he finished "But you may be of use to us regardless." "I would rather be dead." Angered by her resistance—by the palpable abhorrence that she was unconsciously projecting as he searched her thoughts for anything he might use to sway her decision—Kylo Ren pushed outward towards her once again; noting with no small amount of self-satisfaction that the girl was already instinctively pushing back against his probing with all that she had. She was resistant—so very reluctant to confront her power. But something in her seemed to indicate that, if provoked, she would be all too likely to succumb. He would use that against her; and she would be his… "You will not die, Aima" Ren began; shifting one hand to rest just a hairsbreadth away from the girl's face, and biting back the overwhelming satisfaction he felt to have her flinching once again away from his touch as he finished. "I will teach you the ways of the Force." … Hours later found Aima succumbing to a fitful sleep; her sensation of the things Kylo Ren had shown her—of all that he had told her—prompting her anxiety and nervousness to mount exponentially. Even in repose, the girl could not shake the growing premonition that she was only to become a pawn in the First Order's end game. She knew, on some level, that even Kylo Ren had been used to a similar degree; his prowess and abhorrence of his old way of life giving Hux and the others all the means necessary to bend him to their will. And as much as she had desired to convince herself that a similar fate would not befall her, Aima found her hopes of her ability to withstand them fading—a sensation that became that much more evident as she gained awareness of a foreign presence in her mind… "Your power is intriguing, child" The unknown voice began; its low whisper causing the girl to stiffen as she struggled in vain to reenter the waking world "You should not fear it." "What are you?" Aima inquired; her query coming from between clenched teeth as she struggled to maintain hold over the panic that threatened to consume her. She could feel it—the dark presence in her mind that was so very threatening, and so close to taking her over completely. And she soon found herself fighting against the near to overwhelming sensation of despair that had crawled from the base of her spine to the tip of her skull; that instinctive awareness that she had yet to fully understand pushing out of its own accord against the foreign invader even as it spoke once more. "I am your future, child" The voice intoned; the pulsation of his power in her mind frightening her, even though she was aware, on some level, that it was only within the dream that it held sway "I am the source of the power you will embrace." "I will never embrace it" Aima hissed; a yelp of pain escaping as her words prompted the strange presence to only tighten its hold over her mind, the strange sensation of pressure slowly working its way towards her lungs, and rendering them incapable of drawing breath—a fact that had the young woman almost immediately propelled back into the waking world as the distant whispers of that haunting voice echoed in her ears. "You will embrace it, girl. And when Kylo Ren has taught you all he knows; you will kill him." …