The Trouble With Braids Ben’s braid was coming undone. Again. It wasn’t that he was unable to do the braid himself- it was expected of the Padawans- but pieces of his thick hair kept twisting free, and the braid would begin to unravel. He slumped down on a nearby bench and pulled the braid in front of his eyes. It kinked and bent in weird places- definitely not how it should look. He let the chunk of hair fall in his face and let out a sigh, fluttering the hair. “Do you…uh…need help? With your…with your braid?” Ben started and glanced up, tucking the wayward strand of hair behind his ear. A Padawan girl around his age was standing in front of him, fiddling with the sleeve of her tan robe. She had pale green skin with light yellow markings on her face and neck and hair that was so dark blue it was almost black. A slight dark green blush crept up her neck. “I- you just looked like you were having trouble.” Her braid, Ben noticed, was perfect- smooth, straight and not a hair out of place. “I- yeah, a little. It never stays like it should.” The girl- Viran was her name, he thought- sat down next to him on the bench. “You’re Ben, right?” she asked. Ben nodded. “I’m Viran.” “Yes,” was the first thing to come out of Ben’s mouth and he blushed slightly. “I mean, I know. I know who you are. Not that well, I mean, but I’ve heard your name-“ Ben cut himself off. An amused smile was growing on Viran’s lips. “Sorry. Yes. If you’re offering…I would take some help.” Viran unraveled the thin plait, dropping the tiny bands that held it into Ben’s palm. When she had separated the three strands, she gently combed it apart with her fingers before starting it from the top again. “Looks like your issue was that you didn’t keep the pattern consistent,” she said as she went. Ben watched her pale green fingers- they practically danced through his hair. She made it look effortless. “Like maybe you wrapped the same side to the middle twice instead of alternating. Easy mistake to make, especially if you’re not paying attention.” Ben wouldn’t say this out loud, but it felt good. Viran’s touch was light and soft, winding his hair tightly without pulling it. Viran placed the last band at the end of his braid and let it fall against his cheek. “There,” she said. “Should stay a bit better now.” She smiled at him. “I’m glad Padawan boys don’t have to cut their hair short like they used to. I’d hate to have missed out on this.” She tugged gently on a lock of Ben’s hair. Ben stammered out something like a thank you. What did you say to a remark like that? He watched Viran continue on down the corridor. She turned around and winked at him as he absentmindedly fingered the new braid. Chapter 2 : Jedis Don't Get Sick Ben was sick, which was ridiculous because he hadn’t been sick since he was three. Wasn’t there some rule where the Force kept you from getting sick? There should be. He lay curled in his bed, tucking his head to his chest and hugging his knees. He couldn’t ever remember feeling this awful. His stomach clenched unpleasantly and he retched slightly. What if he just had to lie here and suffer for days? That was silly, of course- someone would notice he was missing from training or something, right? His gut twisted again and the worries in his head were replaced by ugghhhh . Viran wandered down the corridor that housed the sleeping quarters, peering into the simply furnished rooms. Jedi Padawan rooms had a bed, a chair, a desk, and whatever personal items the Padawans had, which tended to be few because too many items were a “distraction to their training.” She was looking for Ben’s room because he had been absent from both the morning and midday meals, and he was always at meals. There was, of course, the possibility that Ben had simply been busy with other things, but Viran had a gut feeling that something could be wrong. And when you had a gut feeling as a Force user, it was generally smart to trust it. She heard a quiet sound as she moved further down the hallway, like a little whimper, and she stopped for a moment, listening. She heard another little moan, and she continued walking at a faster pace, turning her head back and forth as she passed rooms. Viran almost missed him, curled into a tiny ball and half hidden by covers, but she registered that wavy mop of dark hair poking out and entered the room. “Ben?” His eyes were shut and his forehead was creased in pain. His skin was pale- well, more so that usual, so his freckles stood out even more- and was shiny with sweat. Viran laid a hand across his forehead and was shocked at the heat that radiated under her palm. He shifted his head slightly, leaning into her cool touch. “Ben, can you hear me?” His mouth moved slightly and his eyes fluttered- kriff, his lashes were so long and dark- before cracking open. He took a breath that rasped slightly in his throat. “Vi…V…" He attempted to say her name but it came out a hoarse whisper. “Shh, it’s okay.” His eyes drifted shut, then flew open again. His face paled even more- how was that possible?- and he retched, clapping a hand to his mouth. Viran knew exactly what was happening and hauled Ben from his bed, leading him to the adjoining fresher. She eased him down in front of the toilet and he braced himself on the seat before the contents of his stomach made a reappearance. He choked slightly as the last bit of bile exited his system and his body jerked a little, like the aftershock of an earthquake. His arms shook and one of his hands almost slipped off the seat of the toilet. Viran caught him gently around the torso and helped him sit back on his heels. “Better?” she said quietly. Ben nodded shakily. His mouth was clamped shut, as though he didn’t trust himself not to throw up again if he opened it. “Want to go back to your bed?” Another small nod. Viran knelt down next to the shaking boy and helped him to his feet, pulling one of his arms around her shoulders. Slowly, they made their way back to Ben’s bed, and after some careful maneuvering Ben was lying down once more. Viran returned to the fresher, got rid of the mess in the toilet, and soaked a small towel with cool water. She folded it into a strip on her way back to the bed and draped it on Ben’s forehead. Ben closed his eyes, a few of the creases on his face disappearing as he relaxed slightly. Viran hesitated for a moment, then sat down next to Ben, reached over, and combed a couple of errant strands of Ben’s hair back into their places. Ben murmured something that Viran couldn’t quite make out. She leaned down slightly. “What did you say?” “Said…feels nice…when you do that…” Ben mumbled. Viran adjusted the wet cloth and smoothed Ben’s hair away from his forehead a few times. She twirled her fingers through a couple locks and then ran her fingers through his hair, gently combing the dark waves. “You know, you’re allowed to tell people if you need help with something,” she said as she stroked his hair. “Don’t like it…’s embarrassing…” Ben turned his head slightly under Viran’s touch. She smiled down at him. “I know, I know. You’re strong and independent and all that.” She flipped the cloth over to the cool side. “Jedis don’ get sick,” Ben mumbled. “Can I still… ‘m still gonna be a Jedi?” Viran laughed. “You know what, Ben? Jedis absolutely do get sick. Don’t worry.” She slid off the bed. Ben reached up lethargically, his fingers brushing hers. “Where…where’re you goin’…” “I’m going to find a healer, because you’re delirious, and even though it’s quite cute, your fever is ridiculously high.” “…mmkay…” Ben was dozing off now. Viran went to the fresher and replaced the towel on Ben’s forehead before she slipped out the door. Notes: i would love to write about any prompts you guys might have so feel free to suggest them! you can do so here or through my tumblr (saamwiilson.tumblr.com)