"I sense great power in you. I can help you reach new heights beyond your comprehension so long as you pledge your allegiance to me." The man growled. "I see what you have trained; that diminutive bug of an apprentice, Kylo Ren. There are well sourced rumors that he was unable to capture a mundane girl and her silly droid. Don't insult me." I snickered. This ridiculous Snoke seriously thought I would join them, the First Order. He presented it as if it were something respectable. "Although your capabilities are impressive, you do not surpass Kylo Ren. You will never exceed him without training. There is much that you have yet to learn. Do not let your pride limit your potential." This was the second time Snoke had come to me in a dream. I really wish he would just give up. I didn't want to work for him; he made a joke of the Dark Side. I cited Darth Revan’s decree, "’Any master who instructs more than one apprentice in the ways of the dark side is a fool. In time the apprentices will unite their strengths and overthrow the master. It is inevitable; axiomatic. That is why each master must have only one student’." "The Rule of Two is an outdated notion. History has debunked that approach as a mere failure. There is power in numbers, enough power to overtake the galaxy." "I have told you that I do not find your offer enticing." I echoed through my head. "So be it. Surely you must know that by rejecting my proposition you must die. And I'll see to it that your pride is destroyed before you meet death, contemptuous girl." The dream shattered and I immediately sat up, sweaty and breathless. Kill me? That was unlikely. Through holocrons of the previous Sith, legends, and the force, I had been led by the ways of the Dark Side. Although I longed to enhance my skills, I possessed enough knowledge to protect myself. I wiped the sticky hairs away from my face and took a deep breath, steadying myself. I recited the Code of the Sith, whispering it to aloud: " Peace is a lie, there is only passion. Through passion, I gain strength. Through strength, I gain power. Through power, I gain victory. Through victory, my chains are broken. The Force shall free me." I stood up, stretched out my weary body and slipped my boots on. Destroy my pride? What did he even mean by that? It did not matter, I didn't care. I pushed the thought to the back of my head, but it kept coming back up. Perhaps some training would distract me. I picked up my staff and dredged outside to a nearby tree. I got in my fight stance, grounding myself and called upon the anger pent up inside of my soul, contemplating how I became so angry to begin with. I conjured the memories… I imagined that my parents were happy at one point in their lives. They were young and unprepared when they brought my younger sister and I into the world. They changed, becoming angry and tense. It was just arguing in the beginning. Life was uncomfortable, but bearable until they found a new way to express themselves. My father would beat my mother so badly that sometimes she was bedridden for days. I hated him for what he did to her, how he deformed her into some pitiful, husk of a creature. It was degrading. My sister was only 3 years younger than me, but she still needed someone to care for her. I took on that role, forcing myself to mature into what she needed me to be. The abuse went on for years, becoming an everyday norm, until one day I saw something change in my mother’s eyes. They scorched with a frightening intensity that I had never seen before. It was just a flicker at first. It would surface when my father would put his hands on her until it eventually consumed her altogether. The blood… His screams of agony… The way her face perked up when she towered over his lifeless body… It would be forever seared into my mind. She had been driven over the edge that day and had never quite returned. Without my father alive she had nowhere to direct her fury except us. The next few years were a blur of pain, suffering and rage. The physical wounds would eventually heal but the damage she had inflicted on my mental state would be eternal. I eventually cracked under the constant mayhem and fled when I was merely 12-years-old. I promised my little sister that I would be back for her once I had something figured out. I told her that it wouldn’t be long before we were finally free of this life. I kept my promise and returned, but it was too late… I was too late… I smashed the towering tree into minuscule bits with the strength that these memories gave me. With each strike I became certain of myself once more; Snoke could not hurt me. Nothing could hurt me anymore. Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "You are worthless!” She spat at me as I sobbed. I couldn’t do it. I simply couldn’t bring myself to kill this frightened animal. It had done nothing to me. It was innocent, it was a life, it had breath, it had feelings. She yanked me by the hair and pulled me closer to the trembling creature, bound in chains. She lifted the hand that clenched the knife and forced me to drive it deep into it’s furry body. There was an awful wet sound and the animal yelped a cry of agony. The blood pooled almost immediately at my feet. I shrieked uncontrollably, appalled at what I had done, appalled at what she had made me do. She turned to me with those eyes and I knew what would come next. Pain, pain, pain.... I awoke abruptly and terrified. It was just a dream. Just another preposterous dream. “She’s dead.” I reminded myself aloud. I knew because I was the one that killed her. My mother was the first life I had taken willingly and I had yet to feel any remorse for it. My mind had been tainted with anger and I had become malicious and irrepressible when I returned for my sister only to find that she had been murdered. I loathed myself for leaving her to face death alone. I had abandoned her... My baby sister... That was so long ago. A little over a decade had passed and my mother still haunted my dreams. But I was different now, stronger. That was the only thing I could thank her for. I laid back again willing myself to relax. I gazed at the ceiling, but became distracted when I heard something off in the distance; the sound of air being cut. A ship? I strained to listen closer. Yes there was certainly a ship landing nearby. I sensed danger. I snapped to my feet getting dressed as swiftly as possible and snatched my staff before venturing outside. From behind a bolder I could see that the ship was quite large and in pristine condition. It had the emblem of the first order printed on its side. What did Snoke want now? I shifted my mind towards it, reaching out with invisible fingers, searching for who was inside; three people. Two of them were weak minded and I penetrated them with ease, but the third- My body jolted backwards as if I had been struck by electricity. Impressive. He had forced me out of his head effortlessly. I stood up and recomposed myself. Two of the men were approaching me, including the one who had pushed me back. One was covered in white and black armor with a blaster. I identified him as a storm trooper. The other man was over six feet tall, hooded in black with a contrasting chrome mask. The depiction of the "terrifying" Kylo Ren described the man before me. It was undoubtedly him. “Your pathetic mind tricks do not work on me.” He spoke with a deep vibrating voice distorted by the mask. He knew I was here; there was no reason for me to continue hiding. I revealed myself as I spoke, “Mind tricks are not necessary for your defeat.” “You are every bit as arrogant as Leader Snoke described.” He unclipped his lightsaber from his belt and held it out, shooting the fiery red blade on. Interesting… It had small cross guard blades at the hilt. I had seen this in the scrolls somewhere. It was an ancient design, but the way his saber flickered wildly didn’t seem accurate. “Your leader is a fool just as you are.” I gripped my staff tighter, bracing myself. “You may call me a fool when you’re dead.” He warned, leaping forward and taking the first shot. He was strong and I could tell that he was well trained in combat. I was a lot faster than him though and I used that to my advantage by weaving through his slashes, landing a hit on him every now and then. His saber was an undeniable advantage and I could not wound him bad enough through all of his armor no matter how many shots I got in. I could sense that I was beginning to aggravate him though, and his form was suffering because of it. Still, his sloppy movements were not enough leverage for me to overpower him. I searched my surroundings desperate for a way to beat him or an ally of escape. My eyes scanned the area until they stopped on the storm trooper. His blaster! I began moving backwards, leading Kylo Ren towards the second man. He was so engulfed in his rage that he eagerly shadowed my steps. When I could sense the storm trooper about three feet behind me I ducked, and let Kylo Ren’s blade slice through the poor creature. I heard his head thump to the ground as it rolled in front of me. The blaster had fallen out of my reach. I threw the dismembered head at Kylo Ren as a distraction to get to the weapon. He belted a grunt of frustration as he sliced it in two and stalked towards me. I rolled to my feet and didn’t waste a second before I shot at him. The laser came to a halt in midair. What..? The air was thick and I could tell that the force was at work here. Extraordinary. I wondered how long it had taken him to master such techniques. I wondered if I would ever be able to be that advanced on my own. I knew the answer to that question... I was about to make a run for it, but when I went to move my feet they would not budge. My body was frozen, not out of fear, but literally frozen. I recognized the energy that immobilized me as the force. Snoke was right; I had underestimated him. I began to panic. I had to get free. I closed my eyes and concentrated on the muscle that resided in my head. I released it from it’s quarters and sent it through the corridors of my mind pushing it out against Kylo Ren’s aura. It fought back, persistent and savage until it pierced my blockade and invaded the corridor. It searched each room until it focused on a single recollection; This was our favorite place; atop a hill of sand dunes looking over the swirly desert. Although we hated our arid environment, it almost appeared beautiful from this angle. “When will we be able to see the water?” My sister asked with her head rested in my lap. “Soon. Soon we will be surrounded by endless green, and beautiful flowers, and clear waters, and best of all, she won’t be there.” I whispered referring to my mother. “I can’t wait.” She closed her eyes dreaming of the oasis I had described to her long ago. I absent mindedly played with strands of her hair imagining the day we would elope and find it. Soon… No! Those precious remembrances were not for him to see. How dare he probe my mind? I thrusted him out with a surge of violent waves. His power did not fight my waves; rather, it rode them back even deeper into my own personal catacomb. It hit another memory; I heard my name being screeched by my sister over and over again. I frantically followed her screams to find her crying and quivering beneath my mother’s grasp. “She can’t save you, stupid girl. She belongs to me too.” My mother laughed grabbing her by the face. “Why don’t you love me like you love her?” She was about to strike her again when I threw myself in between them. “Leave her alone! Punish me instead!” I pleaded. My sister was the only solace I had in the galaxy; I couldn’t bear to watch her suffer. “So be it.” My mother growled taking me by the throat. I screamed and strained to erase his grasp on me. I felt violated and angry and used that fury to drive him out and barricade my vault for good. Able to move again, I squeezed the trigger, firing dozens of shots and hoped that at least one would slip through his control. One grazed his right shoulder and I took the opportunity to run. I could now see that Kylo Ren was admirably trained in various techniques of combat and the force, it was simply his own outlandishness that posed a weakness. If I survived, I definitely wanted to gain the skills that he had. I could wield them so much better. Unfortunately, that meant accepting Snoke’s offer. A thought scampered through my mind; Kylo’s ship was waiting with the other weak minded man aboard. What if I hijacked it and went to Snoke myself? It was risky, but it was either die trying or die while contemplating it. Besides, Kylo would never accept that I had changed my mind or take me there himself. I chose life. I sprinted in the direction of the ship and could see the unsuspecting storm trooper guarding it. I shot the blaster out of his hands and scrambled aboard. From the corner of my eye I noticed Kylo Ren stalking towards me speedily. I needed to close the door! There was a collection of colored buttons scattered on the wall in a language I couldn’t read. I pressed the biggest, boldest one and was relieved to see that the door began to seal itself. It hissed shut and I let out a breath I didn’t know I had been holding. Kylo Ren expressed his fury by thrashing at the door with his saber. Thankfully the ship was constructed to take such damage. That could have ended very badly. I faced the storm trooper and gestured to the pilot’s seat with the tip of my blaster. “Take me to your base.” I commanded, sounding less imposing because of my lack of breath. “Those are against my orders. You might as well just kill me now.” He spoke through a white and black helmet with his arms still raised in surrender. I couldn’t kill him yet, I didn’t have the slightest idea on how to fly this thing. I elevated my voice to be heard over the sound of Kylo Ren’s fit, “You only have two options: you can either take me to see Leader Snoke, or I can reopen the door and let Kylo Ren in. You’re choice.” He stood there for a moment, contemplating what would happen if I let him inside before he picked the lesser of two evils and settled himself in the pilot’s seat. The ship began to lift and I looked out of the side window to observe the masked menace. He was going ballistic on a row of trees with his primitive lightsaber. Yes, it was definitely his own outlandishness that made him weak. Notes: This was a very long chapter, so if you read all the way through thank you! Again, please leave your thoughts. I'd love to know what you think :) The reader's relationship with her sister was inspired by the cover of "Safe & Sound" by Jackie Evancho. It's quite beautiful. Here's the link if you want to take a listen, I promise you wont regret it ;) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfP1IMOlt_8 Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) We entered Star Killer Base without conflict since the ship did belong to them after all. The storm trooper stared at me, waiting to see what I would do once we landed. “Are you going to kill me now?” He asked nervously. I slowly lifted the blaster and positioned it at his head. I could feel my face go blank when I whispered, “Yes.” I pulled the trigger sending a blast through his helmet. I watched him collapse limply on the metal flooring. I stared at the body searching for any shred of emotion and found nothing, just as I had always felt nothing. It was better that way. I turned my back on the empty carcass and opened the door. The instant I stepped onto the base a red headed man in a sharp black suit spotted me and started my way. Time to begin shooting. I pointed the gun at him as a warning. He didn’t even flinch; in fact, he looked slightly annoyed. My finger had nearly pulled the trigger when he spoke with a strange accent, “Right on time. Leader Snoke is expecting you.” He was? Had Kylo Ren notified him? No, he probably thought I had fled to a different planet to go into hiding. Well there was still a chance that he had warned him, but- I had an awful thought- was it possible that sending Kylo Ren after me was just a means to get me to join the First Order? Did Snoke anticipate that I would be impressed by him which would ultimately lead me to changing my mind about his offer? But Kylo clearly wasn’t in on the plan judging by how close he got to killing me earlier. Of course Snoke wouldn’t tell him, why would Kylo agree to him taking on another apprentice? He wouldn’t. How ignorant of me. I should have known. I lowered the gun and relaxed my body. The red head put his pale hand out expectantly, waiting for me to give him the blaster. I thought about resisting, but what was the point? I slapped it into his palm with hostility. He pursed his lips and rolled his green eyes. “Perfect. Another one with anger issues.” He complained under his breath. He handed the gun off to a nearby storm trooper, who quickly left the room with it. This man looked very unamused as he met my gaze. “I am General Hux. I will be one of your colleagues. I assume you have met our congenial Kylo Ren?” He said with sarcasm. I scoffed. “Yes, he was so delightful that I decided to leave him behind.” Hux flashed a genuine smile. His feelings toward Kylo Ren were clear. “Right this way.” Hux strolled in front of me with purpose, his boots making a harsh clicking sound with each step. He stopped in front of a tall metal door and keyed in a lengthy series of buttons to unlock it. Jutting his chin towards the doorway, he urged me to go in. It was dark and ominous and there was an eerie silence that made me hesitate in the entrance. The moment my boots touched the platform the door sealed. “(Y/N)…” Snoke’s voice grumbled just like in the dream. I looked up to find an immense hologram of a deformed, furrowed man looking down upon me. “Leader Snoke.” I said with finality, glancing up at the figure. So he didn’t physically abide here on the base… “You have changed your mind I see. Did meeting Kylo Ren assist you in recognizing your feebleness?” His tone was smug, confirming my suspicions that this had been his plan the entire time. If he was this wise it was very likely that he could sense my true intentions for joining the First Order. I had to be more cautious around him. “Forgive me. I was wrong to let Kylo Ren represent your capabilities. I know now that I am in need of your teaching.” “You have the prospect of reaching the title of Sith Lord, but I can sense your reluctance to submit to me. In the instance that you might try to betray me know that I will show no mercy. Also for that reason, I have assigned you to Kylo Ren until I am certain that you can be trusted.” He could see right through me. Why would Kylo Ren agree to teach me after I had stranded him and stolen his ship? If he hadn’t already hated me before, I was certain that he held some unfriendly feelings toward me now. “Has Kylo Ren agreed to this?” I voiced my thoughts aloud. “It is part of his training. Teaching you will be a lesson for him as well. He will learn patience, a quality that he lacks.” Snoke explained. I looked down, absorbing everything. Did Snoke really expect us all to rule in harmony? It was unheard of. “Think of all the power we will achieve united as three.” He read me again. “The entire universe will be at our disposal. Pledge yourself to me.” I knew that his plan would never work, but I got down on all fours and bowed my head in submission anyway. I desired to be more powerful. “I pledge myself, my Lord.” There was a deep satisfied laugh echoing through the room. “You will go by a new name now, for your past self is deemed dead. You shall be called (The first 3 letters of your last name + the first 3 letters of your first name + an “a” at the end).” I nodded my head in understanding. “Thank you, my Lord.” “You will be escorted to your quarters and you will meet with Kylo Ren tomorrow.” He said, and then the hologram disintegrated. I got to my feet and was met by Hux at the door, standing with his arms crossed over his chest leaning against the wall lazily. Without a word, he led me to my room and went back to his business. My lodging was spacious but bare; containing only the necessities. It was more than substantial for sleeping. I sauntered to the restroom and looked myself over in the mirror; my hair was a mess, my face was smeared with dust and I was speckled with tiny cuts and bruises. I stripped away my mucky clothes and washed myself clean. What an eventful day. When I awoke this morning it was an unimaginable notion that I would end up here, bound to Leader Snoke and the dreaded First Order. I laid down in the foreign bed and couldn’t help but feel some tension. In the short amount of time that I had known Kylo Ren I could tell that he wasn’t going to make this easy for me. I certainly hadn’t expected Snoke to assign me to him after what had happened, but that wasn’t an excuse for the anxiety I felt when I thought about facing him. Did I fear him? I was reminded of Darth Maul’s words; Fear. Fear attracts the fearful. The strong. The weak. The innocent. The corrupt. Fear. Fear is my ally. If I feared him he would have the upper hand and I couldn’t let that happen. Of course I was impressed by his power, but I had already outwitted him once. “He’s nothing but a fool.” I murmured to myself, wearily. “I don’t fear fools. I don’t fear anything…” My eyes fluttered shut and I surrendered to sleep. Notes: Things are starting to get interesting :) Stay tuned. Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The next morning I opened the closet to find a sinister looking uniform waiting for me. It was my size… Snoke had definitely anticipated my arrival. It consisted of a black, hooded, knee length tunic with two slits going up to the hip so I could move freely in combat. Next to the tunic was a pair of sleek black leggings, black leather gloves, a thick waist belt, and matching boots. It was modest enough that I had no complaints. It fit well and was actually quite comfortable. I decided to sit and meditate before my meeting with Kylo Ren, but was interrupted by a knock at the door. I opened it to find General Hux and was greeted with a polite nod. “Nice costume.” He taunted. “Very intimidating.” “Well by the looks of yours, it’s apparent that we have different stylists.” I said sarcastically. He smiled mockingly and gestured for me to follow him with a wave of his hand. He spoke quickly, matching his hasty steps, “Captain Phasma is in charge of the troops. You will be meeting her today.” He explained before opening a door. There was a platinum storm trooper seated at a long metallic table, Captain Phasma. Next to her was Kylo Ren. I paid special attention to keep my face emotionless as I entered. The instant I stepped foot into the room I was attacked with an intense heaviness around my throat. My lungs were unable to function and my eyes throbbed with vigorous pressure. The area burned with boundless power as Kylo Ren held me with an invisible grasp. His hand was outstretched, mimicking the gesture of suffocating someone. It was reminiscent of the legends of Darth Vader. He was strong and, granted, I probably deserved this, but I wasn’t going to let him dominate me so easily. Fairness was not a word in the vocabulary of the Dark Side. I fought the thickness of his force to extend my palm and focused all my energy on him. Opening the vault, I let my power seep through the halls of my mind and sent ripples through the air. The pressure on my throat subsided enough for me to breathe again, but I could still feel him there. We mingled in an unseen battle, fighting for dominion. He was ramming himself into me over and over again, but I held on with everything I had. My body was trembling and I could feel that my mind was near collapse. “I do believe I just explained that killing her is against your direct orders, Ren.” Captain Phasma chimed serenely, remaining seated. He let up and the viscosity cleared from the room. I was exhausted and could have easily fallen over, but there was no way I would let him know that. I smoothed out my tunic and straightened my spine, rolling my neck from side to side to ease the stiffness. “Fool.” I snarled under my breath. He clenched his gloved fists and shuddered with malice. “It would be in your best interest to filter your words, inept wench.” Kylo growled. The helmet made it sound warped and menacing. He remained standing. “For heaven’s sake…” Hux grumbled while he strode into the room with an exasperated attitude. He took a seat next to Captain Phasma and stared at me expectantly, waiting for me to settle next to him. As petulant as it was, I didn’t want to sit if Kylo Ren didn’t sit. It felt like he would take it as some sort of victory so we stood there for some time in a play of dominance until he pushed past me to leave the room. Hux sighed and rested his head on his clenched fist with closed eyes. In the distance I could hear the whip of a lightsaber and the sound of sparks flying. It was like what he had done to the trees. He was quite literally throwing a tantrum. “Sit.” Hux demanded without opening his eyes. I did as I was told this time, feeling slightly ashamed of my childishness. The platinum storm trooper extended a hand to me, “I’m Captain Phasma.” I shook her hand and introduced myself. “I don’t know you, but I will advise that you not provoke him for your sake. As you can see, Ren has a bit of a temper and you will be spending the majority of your time with him. He’ll dislike you either way, he dislikes everybody, but by the looks of it, he despises you. It doesn’t take a genius to figure out how this will end if you keep pushing his buttons.” She said with an accent like Hux’s. I knew she was only trying to help, but I couldn’t stop myself from being offended. She was right about one thing; she didn’t know me. If there was one thing I hated it was being belittled. I felt my face fall into a grimace as I spoke, “I can assure you that I am not intimidated by that amoeba and if he ever does make an attempt on my life I am more than capable of handling myself. Thanks for the concern.” My voice came out slightly raspy. “Suit yourself.” She laughed. “With that attitude, you definitely won’t last long.” Hux chimed. He was beginning to get on my nerves. “Be careful general. You might not be alive to see how long that might be.” I threatened. “Oh please do take me out of my misery. It’d be much appreciated on my behalf.” There was that sarcasm again. I was beginning to think that he didn’t know how to speak without it. “You may just get what you ask for.” “Enough!” Phasma barked, banging her silver fists on the table. “We have business to discuss.” I sat back and crossed my arms, waiting to hear what she had to say. “We have yet to find the last jedi, Luke Skywalker. We have an incomplete map to his whereabouts and the final piece is hidden within a young girl's mind. It was previously stored in a droid, but after their escape I’m sure they destroyed the file so the girl is our next lead. We have reason to believe that she may try to go meet Skywalker soon. We are attempting to track her again and once we do, you and Ren will extract the information and exterminate her. Hopefully between the two of you, she won’t escape again.” Phasma explained. I had heard many rumors about this failure. It was pretty embarrassing in all honesty. “Until then, you will train with Ren and shadow him on his missions.” She finished. “You’re at his mercy now.” “Is that all?” I asked. “Yes. You’re free to go.” Notes: I made a quick sketch of the reader's costume. It's in the link below. Hope you like it :) https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/00/f3/7f/00f37f5bbb6d33e74b8cc85044529a54.jpg Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Why would he leave me?” My mother rocked herself in the corner blubbering. My father was already dead but she would go into these debates with herself as if it was the first time she had heard he was gone. "It’s your own fault! You run everyone away! Nobody loves you!" She accused herself, sitting up straighter and putting a halt to the tears. I was scared; the other voices were surfacing a lot more frequently lately. She was getting worse… The tears began again, "No! I was a good wife. It couldn’t have been my fault!" She whimpered collapsing into the wall once more. "Well then who was it if not you?" She whispered calming her features for a moment before scrunching up her face and crying again. "I don't- I don't know..." Her eyes scanned the room, lost until they focused on me. I had been watching her from behind the wall and was frozen with panic when she noticed me. “Run!” My 9 year old mind advised, but my body wouldn't cooperate. "Her!" She yelled crawling towards me. Run! My feet were stuck in place. "You did this to me! You have always taken the love that belonged to me!" She accused me, taking me by the throat. "No mom, please..." I managed to plea through the pressure at my throat. She squeezed harder and I could vaguely comprehend the names she was spewing at me. One stood out in particular; "Wench." I awoke violently, clutching at my aching throat and skimmed the room desperately for her. It was only a flashback. I buried my panting face in my hands. What was going on? It was rare for me to have two flashbacks this close together. A thought sped through my mind; there were some similarities in my dream and in yesterday’s events. Was Kylo the one triggering this regurgitation of forgotten memories? He couldn't have purposely known to call me a wench or that my mother was fond of strangling me, he hadn’t gone that far into my head, but I was irritated with him none the less. I shuffled to the restroom to wash my sticky face and caught a glimpse of my reflection in the dim mirror. My neck was reddened and slightly swollen around the jawline. It really hurt to swallow. My left eye was decorated with bright red splotches that seemed even more prominent next to the white behind them. There was some bruising on my under eye area as well. I moaned and shook my head in exasperation. The motion made my neck prickle with pain. How inconvenient. I cleaned myself up and stood in front of the organized closet contemplating whether I should give him the satisfaction of seeing my bruises or if I would try to conceal them. It would probably anger him even more if he realized that I wasn’t even bothered enough to hide them. "Let him see." I mumbled to myself, shutting the closet door. There was a knock at the door. It was probably Hux. “Yes?” I called out irritated. “You’re presence is required in the training hall.” A storm trooper’s voice spoke back. I opened the door and followed him through the maze that was known as Star Killer Base. He stopped at a large door that was identical to every other door on board. “We have arrived.” He stood at attention. I think he was waiting for me to dismiss him so I waved my hand and he marched away. I walked into the padded room to find an unfamiliar man waiting for me. He was tall and handsome, with black waves of hair and sharp chiseled features. A long rugged scar was forming on the right side of his face from his forehead nearly extending to his jaw line. It only looked a couple months old. He was the only one in the room. Where was Kylo? I was peeved by his absence. I wanted him to take notice that his little tantrum hadn't affected me. "I assume you'll be the one I'm training with." I spoke coldly. The attractive man glared at me, demeaning me with his eyes before they settled on my bruises. Who was this guy and what was his problem? "What?" I snapped aggressively with a hoarse voice. His full lips tweaked up into a small wicked smile, the scar tissue making it crooked. "You don't recognize me do you, wench?" He purred with a deep silky voice. "How pitiful." I raised an eyebrow coming to the realization that the beauty of this man was wasted on the personality of a mere wart. I wasn't quite sure what I was expecting to find under the mask, but this certainly wasn't it. "What a shame." I whispered not really caring if he heard me. “How’s your throat?” He asked with a smooth, sardonic voice. He gave me another devilish smile, obviously pleased with himself, and began casually heading toward me. He positioned himself only a few inches away from my face, it was uncomfortable. “How’s your shoulder?” I asked haughtily, referring to our first meeting when I shot him. He ignored me and instead glared intensely into my eyes. They were mysterious and striking. There were a few counts of awkward silence before I caved, "How would you like to go about this?" I asked. He never broke eye contact as he spoke, “I need to assess your skill level in hand-to-hand combat. We start now-” As he finished the sentence he grabbed a hold of my arm and twisted it until I screamed and doubled over. He used the position to force me to the ground on my stomach. I kicked his right foot and his grip loosened enough for me to get free. I flipped over onto my back, but was pinned back down immediately when he straddled me. Using all my strength, I thrusted the edge of my palm into his nose. There was a satisfying crunch before he grunted and blood exploded from his nostrils, splattering all over my face. He was still sitting on top of me when I felt his body flex and he drove his fist into the side of my face. It was hideously painful. Everything was hazy… It was like I was floating, yet my body was as heavy as ever. There was a ringing in my ears as I wondered where I was. Then numbness… The feeling came back in an instant. My head was on fire. So hot. I tried to open my eyes, but only one would work. He was still straddling me. Through strength, I gain power I reminded myself. I wrapped my arms around one side of his neck and pulled with everything I had. He fell off of me and I quickly climbed on top of his back, crossing his legs one over the other and bending them backward. I sat on them so he couldn’t move, but he was still struggling and bucking his hips. There were strings of bloodied saliva hanging from my throbbing lips as I tried to catch my breath. I hated the taste of blood. Kylo used his arms to lift himself into push up position and knocked me over. How was he still using his shoulder? He must have a pretty high pain tolerance. I quickly scrambled to my feet before he could pin me again. He faced me, his forearms protecting his face and his hands in fists. His nose was slightly crooked and there was a slash along the bridge of it. His lips and chin were colored in a flood of red. My head was aching terribly, and the edges of my vision were fuzzy, but I couldn’t give up. I charged at him, but before I even landed the hit he backhanded me so hard that I was airborne. I didn’t even feel my body hit the ground as I struggled to remain conscious. I was floating again as if I was a separate being from my physical form. Everything was gray and serene. “Get up!” I heard in the distance. No. This place was nice. It was quiet and tranquil. I decided to stay and everything went black. Notes: It's starting to get pretty graphic. Kylo isn't allowed to kill her, but he can definitely hurt her. Don't worry though, things might be changing soon. Might... haha :) Here's a beautiful piece I found by the artist Jeusus of Kylo Ren with the scar: https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/7a/69/1c/7a691c1035a8c05c39c3503064fdfa10.jpg Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) " Look! It's done!" My sister chimed happily, pointing to her sand castle. Although she was typically pretty mature for a 9-year-old, sometimes she would momentarily revert back to being her true age. The tone of her voice and the giddiness let me know she was proud of her creation. "It's beautiful!" I complimented and continued hanging our wet clothes to dry. She smiled so big. It was so authentic and it saddened me that I rarely saw her smile at all. This was not a suitable life for a child... I had to get us out of here soon. We couldn't live in fear anymore; sooner or later it was going to start tainting us and turn into anger, just like it had with mom. I promised that I would never be like her no matter what she did to me. Some days it was harder to fight off the fury than others, but there was no way I would let my baby sister see me like that. She kept me sane, she needed me sane. My eyes fluttered open, the left one not cooperating, and focused on Kylo Ren's handsome bloody face. Damnit. I must have passed out in the middle of the duel again, but I couldn't have been out for long since it was still happening. I attempted to get up and fight once more, but as my limbs pulled forward they were stopped. I felt something wrapped around my ankles and wrists. What was going on? I searched the room in confusion and didn't recognize anything in it except for Kylo. This room was completely bare; there was no padding, no weapons, no anything. I looked down and saw that there were metal bands around my ankles. I felt a slab of metal against my back as well. I was in some sort of restraint. Suddenly, I became grotesquely aware of my body as it told me where it hurt. My head was just a dense, agonizing fire, and my already swollen throat was now too tender to even move. Now there was a sharp, excruciating pain on the right side of my rib cage. As I breathed it didn't feel or sound right. I was wheezing. I must have broken something when he had thrown me. "I have had full access to your mind for the past 32 minutes. You let your guard down and that is unacceptable no matter the circumstances." He explained, pacing in front of me. I wanted to ask him what he had seen, but my jaw was locked into place so tightly with tension. I could still taste the copper blood on my tongue. He stopped pacing and came in very close to my face. Our foreheads were almost touching. It was hard for me to focus through all the pain. "I may not be allowed to kill you, but I can make you want to kill yourself.” The words didn't match his soft tone of voice. I wanted to ask him what he meant by that, but the thought was cut short when he placed his palm on my forehead. I felt him open the doors to my vault with ease as he breezed inside. There were no guards to stop him, no power waiting to be set free, it was just him, and he could have anything he wanted. He stopped at a room; "Please! Please don't leave me alone! I'm frightened!" My sister begged at my feet. She had her arms wrapped around my legs in a tight embrace. "Be quiet or she'll hear you!" I whisper yelled. "What if she finds out that you left? What am I supposed to do then?" Her voice was unsteady and it hurt my very soul to see her in this state. I removed her arms from my legs and knelt down beside her, pulling her into a hug. I smoothed her dark hair down and gave her a kiss on the forehead as I had always done to calm her. Kissing her forehead had become a sort or ritual for us; a symbol of safety. "I'll be back before she even realizes I'm gone, okay? Everything will be fine. Soon we'll be with the water." I reassured her. Her eyes were swarming with endless tears as she spoke, "What if you forget about me?" "I won't. I could never forget about you. You're the only thing I love in this galaxy." "Are you certain?" Her face held so much pain. "Positive." She threw herself into my arms again and held on as if I were the last thing in the world. "I love you." She whimpered. "I love you too. Now go back to sleep. I'll be back before you even wake." "Do you promise?" She asked, searching my eyes for any trace of hesitation. "I promise." "But that didn't happen, did it?" Kylo asked rhetorically, "No. You failed." His voice was almost a whisper. My eyes stung with unfallen tears and I did my best to hold them back. I hadn't cried for ages and I wouldn't start now. They had no place in my new life. "You let her die, didn't you, wench? And for what? To avoid becoming like your mother? Ironically, you’ve become worse than she ever was." I closed my eyes and shook my aching head trying to drown out his words. He roughly grabbed my face and forced me to look at him. I couldn't hold off the tears any longer and they gushed down my bloody cheeks like waves. "You're pathetic." Kylo noted, gently catching one of the tears and wiping it away with the back of his hand. I wanted to deny it, but he was right. Here I was on Star Killer Base, training to be a Sith, and crying in front of none other than Kylo Ren. I was pathetic in every sense of the word. A verse from Lord Mal’kith resurfaced in my mind: ‘You are no more powerful than you make yourself. If you see yourself as having weakness, you are simply increasing the problem. It's a self-fulfilling prophecy.’ I don't have any weaknesses , I convinced myself. "My- past- strength-ens- me-" I formed the words in my swollen mouth and pushed them out in a small, distorted voice. He cupped my cheek lovingly and smiled condescendingly. "I will break you. If there if one thing you will learn about me, it’s that I always get what I want." He threatened, pushing his force back into my head. He ventured deeper and opened another door; Everything was figured out, we had a way out and a place to stay. All I had left to do was collect my sister and flee. I could see the house now and pushed my legs faster up the dune. I had missed her so much. I couldn’t wait to hold her in my arms again. I approached the door and quietly slipped inside. “You came back!” A voice said excitedly, but it wasn’t her’s… “I knew you would come back to me!” My mother exclaimed again, hugging me. I felt so uncomfortable under her touch, but I let her hold me. I searched the room for my sister. She wasn’t here. “Where’s-“ I begin, but was cut off. “Why do you care about her? I am all you need.” I stared at her, confused. She was in one of her other personalities. “Where were you darling?” She asked sweetly. I shook my head, not willing to put up with her antics tonight. “Where is she?!” I demanded, stalking through our tiny house. Something didn’t feel right and my stomach was turning. “She’s gone.” She said as if it were no big deal. What did she mean by gone? The way she said it didn’t make any sense. “Where?” I asked again, feeling my anger biting at me. Her face flattened back into it’s normal state of emotionlessness. “Don’t mention her again or I will have to take care of you too. You belong here with me.” Take care of me too? No… I had a feeling that I knew what she was implying, but my brain refused to process it. There was no way. “Wh-what did you do?” I asked quietly, in disbelief. She stayed staring at me, confirming my suspicions. My rage was bubbling up through my veins and I became light headed. Everything turned red and it was like I was no longer in control. I didn’t fight it this time, I welcomed it. It felt right, it spoke sweet words to me, it was my friend. It told me what to do next and I obeyed; lunging toward the woman in front of me and doing to her what she had done to me for all of these years. I had to release all the anger that was pent up inside of me before I exploded, and I did; I released it all on her, my mother. Kylo had picked the wrong memory. I was reminded of how much hate I harbored in my heart and embraced it once more to push him out. I sucked in huge gulps of air as I resurfaced from my mind. Kylo was staring at me as if it was the first time he had seen me. There was some strange tinge of emotion on his face like admiration, until he wiped it away and resorted back to his usual grimace. “That’s enough for today. Take her to get medical attention.” He instructed as he took his leave. A storm trooper came into my view and unlatched the shackles, leaving me unsupported. I slid to the ground in a puddle of pain. Another storm trooper approached me and together they hauled me to the infirmary. Notes: I know this was a little bit brutal, but Kylo Ren is a sadistic man after all. Watch this and you'll be reminded of what I mean lol: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5R3-AsKeQo Stay tuned <3 Chapter 7 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Two weeks had gone by. Two weeks without a trace of Kylo Ren. I could only assume that it was to give me time to heal before we continued training, but how much longer would he make me wait? I had regained use of both of my eyes already, and I could talk and swallow properly from my throat. My split lip was just a tiny scab now and my cheekbone was a nice shade of dark purple with a green center; meaning that it was almost healed. I had acquired 2 fractured ribs that the medical droid had informed me took 4-6 weeks to heal completely, but my breathing wasn’t as shallow anymore. My torso still hummed with a dull ache, but the pain was nothing in comparison to the hatred I had accumulated for him. It wasn’t the beating that angered me; no, that I could handle, it was the fact that he had stolen my private memories and used them to degrade me. I had used these endless days in the infirmary to meditate and build up the door to my vault, making it indestructible. There was no way he was getting in again, not without my permission at least. Here he thought that he was breaking me down by pushing on my weaknesses, yet I was only getting stronger because of it. I had been a prisoner to the memoirs of my dead mother and sister for too long. He simply reminded me that I needed to move forward, and now that he had given me a new purpose, I could. I would surpass him and slaughter him. That was what I wanted down to every fiber in my being; a galaxy without Kylo Ren. There was two sharp knocks at the door. “Enter.” I called as I sat up on the edge of the gurney. My body was stiff and heavy. “Ren wants you in the training hall, ma’am.” The storm trooper explained. Finally. I mentally checked-in to my body to see if it was alright to stand before deciding that it didn’t really matter if it hurt or not. I lifted myself to my feet and used the wall for support. “Wait in the hallway.” I commanded the storm trooper. He shut the door behind himself and I removed the plain white gown, tossing it to the side. The bruises on my rib cage were red with speckles of black in between. There were no bandages because it would restrict my breathing, so it hurt when I slid into my sturdy uniform. I strapped my boots on, but decided against the gloves and belt for today. I opened the door and gestured for the storm trooper to lead me there. Once I began walking, my body loosened up and I was able to look fairly normal. It felt good to be up again. I wondered what the fool had planned for today. “You may leave.” I said, waving the storm trooper away once we reached the room. I was becoming angry just at the fact that he was standing in the next room. I used my anger to anchor myself and strode inside. He was standing in the middle of the room with his legs slightly spread apart and his hands clasped behind his back. “Hello again.” He greeted me with that low mechanical voice. I responded with a glare, aiming my eyes at his lenses since I couldn’t see his eyes. “Are you angry with me?” He questioned, cocking his head to one side innocently. “Not at all.” I mused with a smile that was obviously fake. He stalked towards me like some powerful cat until we were only a couple feet apart. “The bruises suit you.” His voice was monotone as he mocked me. “Well I can’t say the same for you since you choose to hide underneath that ridiculous helmet of yours.” He stared at me for a few moments before reaching behind his head and removing the helmet. The bridge of his long nose had a small scab surrounded by yellow bruises from where I had hit him, but besides that, he looked untouched. With the sunlight from the roof falling down on him, his features were even more noticeable. It was as if it were the first time I was seeing him. I took a moment to appreciate his face; his sharp cheekbones, his slightly crooked chin, his thick waves of dark hair, the way his lips parted. I loathed him, but there was no denying that he was beautiful. Somehow it made me despise him even more. “Better?” He asked dryly. “Not really. I think I prefer you with it on.” I lied. The corners of his mouth tweaked up into a sadistic smile as he looked down at me. I wished he wouldn’t smile; it only made him look more appealing. Worthless amoeba. “You’re hand-to-hand combat skills are mediocre. We will train every day from now on until you reach an adequate level. You are a direct reflection of me now and I will not tolerate you dishonoring my reputation, do you understand?” “I don’t think you need any help dishonoring your reputation.” I scoffed, referring to his monumental failure of letting that girl escape. He licked his bottom lip and began pacing slowly. “It’s almost like you enjoy being abused. Probably has something to do with your childhood, huh?” He teased aggressively, now on the other side of the room. The pit of my stomach filled with fire. I hated him. He saw my reaction and looked pleased with himself. I forced myself to calm down and bit my tongue so he wouldn’t have the satisfaction. “Come here.” He commanded after a few counts of silence. It killed me to obey him, but if I resisted it would only make him more arrogant. I trudged over to him and tried to conceal my emotions. “You’re awful at blocking, and breaking holds.” He noted dully. I hated to admit it, but he was right. I had always resorted to simply killing my enemies. I had never really practiced blocking or breaking free from someone because there was never a need. I was surprised that he had actually been paying attention to my form that day. I thought he had just used it as an excuse to hit me. “You could have easily avoided being punched by pushing my hand in a different direction. Hit me.” My pleasure. I widened my stance putting my right foot behind me and balanced on the ball of my foot. I bent my knees and pointed my toes in his direction to get as much leverage as I could. I ignored the pain in my side as I exhaled and threw my fist towards his solar plexus. He used the outside of his forearm to push my arm outwards and away from him. “Again.” He said. I did it again, this time aiming for his man bits. He blocked using the same technique and gave me a look of warning before continuing. “Your turn.” He didn’t even finish the sentence before he punched me in my already injured side. I grunted and clutched at my stinging ribs. Dirty imbecile. “Again.” He said as he brought his fist down again. I pushed his hand to the side just as he had shown me. “Good.” I struggled to catch my breath and was fighting not to double over from the pain in my side. “Embrace it. Use it to fuel your energy.” He directed, reading my face. “Now turn around.” I looked at him suspiciously. I didn’t want to know what he was going to do next. He raised his eyebrows as a signal for me to hurry up. I sighed and did as he said. I could feel his body heat against my back and the tickle of his clothes brushing my skin as he moved in closer to me. He had straddled me at one point in time, but for some reason him simply standing behind me felt more intimate. It was the first time I was aware of him touching me. I tensed up at him being so close. “Relax, wench.” He advised with a sweltering breath at the back of my neck. A surge of shivers ran through my body. He smelled like the crisp forest air; woody and herbaceous with an undertone of leather. I felt my heart beat speed up. What was wrong with me? Perhaps it was just a side effect of the pain. His gloves pinched my skin as he wrapped his fingers around my wrist. “Now do as I say.” He ordered, twisting my left arm back behind me until it locked into place and I was helpless. I let out a high pitched yelp at the sensation. “Relax.” He whispered again, “Reach behind your back with your right hand and grab my wrist.” I used my free hand to feel for him and gripped his large wrist. I could feel how strong he was just through this small touch. “Push down and turn towards me.” I followed his instructions and ended up inches from his face. His skin was fair and decorated with tiny angel kisses. His long dark lashes cast a shadow as he looked down at me. He scowled at the realization that I was studying him and took a step back. “Enough.” He stated, turning to pick up his helmet. “I’ll send for you tomorrow.” He exited, leaving me alone with my confusion. I sensed something strange about the way he was acting with me. Two weeks ago he was trying to make me commit suicide and now he was- I don’t even know- different somehow. Whatever it was, I didn’t like it and to make things even more confusing, there was something the matter with me too. “I hate you, Kylo Ren.” I whispered into the empty room. Notes: Now we're getting somewhere lol Here's a gif of what I imagine Kylo's face looking like in the end scene where he takes a step back and says "Enough." Enjoy :) https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/88/e1/73/88e173f79ca2ea4ef1e9e02d7da261aa.gif Chapter 8 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Take my hand.” He directed. My heart rate began to speed again and the pit of my stomach clenched into a queasy mass at the thought of touching him. I slid my fingers in between his and I became lightheaded. He had been having this bizarre effect on me ever since that fateful day one week ago. I still didn’t have the slightest idea what the problem was, so I did my best to ignore it, although that didn’t stop him from noticing it. He would call me out on the random trances I fell into when we were training and had become as hostile as ever towards me. He even started keeping his helmet on whenever he was around me. I was thankful for that. “I am speaking to you, wench!” He barked, ripping me from my thoughts. With our hands still clasped together he pushed my wrist back until it felt like it was about to snap. “Ow, you fool!” I cried, my knees bending with the pain. He grabbed me by the face and forced me to stand back up and look at his mask. Our foreheads were only two inches from touching. In the past weeks I had learned that he had no respect for personal boundaries. He was always too close for comfort. “I am growing tired of your incompetence!” He stated firmly, squishing my cheeks together so hard that my lips pressed out in a ridiculous pout. I furrowed my brows into a scowl, trying my best to look as intimidating as I could manage with my lips still bulging out. He jerked my face up until I was standing on the tips of my toes and then let go. “Leave.” He demanded sharply, pointing at the door, “Before I lose what is left of my sanity.” “The fact that you believe you have any sanity left proves that you’ve already lost it.” I sneered, stretching out my mouth from his rough grip. My snarky remarks helped remind me that I hated him. His hand instinctively shot to his lightsaber, but he caught himself before he had unclipped it. His fury was thickening the room and he came at me too fast to react. In one swift movement he yanked me by the hair and shoved my face into the wall. The full length of his body was pressed up against my back. I could feel his lightsaber digging into my side. A dizzy feeling came over me again. My body began to tingle and a faint sound fell from my lips. I tried to focus on the painful prickle at the back of my scalp instead of the way his body felt pushed against mine as he forced my head harder into the wall. His voice came out low and sadistic when he spoke, “You can’t possibly fathom the things I want to do to you… They would make your mother’s beatings seem like heaven.” Another shot at my past. He had been using it against me every chance he got. “Get off of me, scum.” I squeezed out. “If you would have been paying attention to my lessons, you would be able to get me off yourself, wouldn’t you?” He growled against the back of my cheek, “Stop wasting my time or I will take my chances with Leader Snoke and have my way with you.” He used my hair as leverage to fling me to the ground and stormed out of the room. I got an instant headache the moment I sat up and took a moment to absorb what just happened. I punched the floor out of rage, my knuckles stinging from the impact. What was happening to me? My usual hardhearted self was turning into a dysfunctional mass of emotions, and worst of all, I couldn’t even control it. Kylo was right; I needed to stop dazing off and focus, but with him around that seemed impossible. I was embarrassing myself. “Damnit!” I yelled as I punched the floor again. I collapsed on my back and shut my eyes, pinching the bridge of my nose between my forefinger and my thumb. I took a deep breath. This feeling is nothing but a minor setback. I just need to push past it and channel back into my anger. I returned to my chamber late that night and found that dinner had already been left for me. There was a large plate of assorted fruit laid out on the small table in the corner. Although I wasn’t in the mood for eating I decided it might serve as a distraction from the unrelenting feelings that kept invading my mind. I sat down and chewed angrily, trying to focus on anything other than Kylo Ren. That one thought was enough to send me into a frenzy; my heart raced as I recalled how close he had been to me. I shook my head, willing the sensation to go away, but it remained. I slammed the plate to the floor and screamed out of frustration. This was completely unacceptable! I needed to hit something. The halls of Star Killer Base were lonely and bare, with the few exceptions of random guards who nodded out of respect as I passed them. I ignored them and traced the steps back to the training room. I had been going so often to rid myself of these foreign feelings that my feet walked the path without me even thinking about it. “Guide me, grandfather. These feelings persist.” I stopped walking, recognizing Kylo’s automated voice echoing faintly from a room beside me. Did he say grandfather? “She is causing me to falter. She has captivated me ever since -“ My ear was pressed against the door when I felt his aura reach out to me and heard his boots begin to shuffle my way. Oh no. My eyes flashed around the hall, searching for a place to hide, but there was nowhere. I could pretend to keep walking, but he would know. I decided that the least shameful option was to stand my ground and face him. Before the door even opened all the way he had me by the throat. “You.” He spat in disgust. “It’s none of your concern.” Phasma’s voice echoed down the hall, the thud of her boots nearing us. “Well I’m making it my concern since you seem to be too incompetent to handle it.” Hux spoke back. They were getting closer and I wasn’t about to let them see me being choked by Kylo again. I used my right arm to elbow the bend of his arm until he released me. He grabbed me by the collar of my tunic and pulled me inside. I tumbled to the ground, hitting the back of my head on something that felt like a rock. This room was extremely dim with only a few shards of moonlight coming through from the ceiling. It was shaped strange like a hexagon and there was glossy, black, marble furniture arranged awkwardly. I checked to see what my head had landed on. It was a triangular pillar with a melted helmet presented on top of it. It was so familiar. Darth Vader kept coming up in my thoughts, but I knew that was impossible. The door sealed shut and I felt Kylo’s energy pulsate through my body, brining me to my feet involuntarily. I pushed back at him with my power until I was free of him. “You must have a death wish.” He huffed. I looked around the room for the person that he had been talking to earlier, but there was no one here. This guy was truly psychotic. “Were you talking to yourself?” I questioned, with a teasing tone. He stayed silent and the room began to vibrate with power. He was so mad. “You have no control of yourself do you?” I snickered. “Leave. Now.” He snarled. I could tell his teeth were gritted by the way his voice came through the mask. “Fool.” I chimed as I took my leave and the door closed behind me. That pushed him over the edge and I could hear him going berserk on the room with his lightsaber. No control. I had lost the urge to train and started back to my room with an aching head and a throbbing throat. I sighed. Why was it always choking? At least he didn’t get me as bad this time as he had the last time. I was always in some sort of physical pain ever since I came here. It was becoming a way of life. Lying in bed that night, I couldn’t help but wonder if the woman he had spoken about was me. Who else could it be? A random surge of jealously hit me as I imagined him thinking about another girl. I caught myself and pushed it away. Why should I care who he’s thinking about? I turned on my side, hugging the pillow to my face. I tried to decipher what he was doing in that room all alone with a creepy mask that looked eerily similar to Lord Vader’s. And why had he said grandfather ? Was he summoning his dead grandfather or something? Could it be that- no, that’s ridiculous- but still… I laughed quietly to myself at the absurd thought and closed my eyes. There was no way he could have been related to Darth Vader. Notes: She's losing control! She held on a lot longer than I could have around his gorgeousness lol Another song of inspiration: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XCuj-foSQI I love this song <3 Chapter 9 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) I traced the long scar on his face with my finger tips and basked in his presence. “I need you.” He whispered in my ear. “Then have me.” His lips were so warm, like sunshine. His scent was so comforting. His hands cupped my face and I felt secure. This was where I wanted to stay, always. I awoke in a daze of happiness, touching my lips to mimic the sensation of him kissing me. I realized what I was doing and slammed my hand back down on the bed. No, no, no. He was even in my dreams now. In what galaxy did it make sense for me to have feelings for Kylo Ren? What was there to even like about him? Besides his good looks he had been nothing but an appalling, destructive, blunder of a man with an ego problem. I hated him… Right? I heaved my pillow at the wall and thought of something Darth Sidious had said: Everything of significance is the result of conquest. I decided that I wasn’t going to let this control me anymore. He would not hinder me from my true goal. Besides, the Dark Side had no room for distractions. There were the usual two knocks on the door, signally that it was time to go train. This was the earliest in the day he had ever sent for me. I knew it probably had something to do with last night’s incident. What kind of torture would he put me through for eavesdropping in on his creepy confession? Whatever it was that he planned on doing to me today, I would be prepared, and I would not be distracted by him. “I know who I am. He has no hold on me.” I told myself, jumping out of bed and pulling my leggings on. Even knowing that I was going to have to confront an angrier than usual Kylo, I had such a strong urge to see him. It made me nervous to see how quickly these feelings were growing. I quickly finished dressing and scurried to the bathroom. I splashed water onto my face and looked into the mirror, scrutinizing the ugly welts at my throat. Without thinking, I started arranging my hair to cover them so he wouldn’t see them. “Stop it.” I snapped at myself, glaring into my own eyes through the reflection and gripping the cold counter. Now I was the one talking to myself… I shook my head out of frustration and stomped to the training hall. There was nothing he could do to break me anymore. “Focus. He is just a stepping stone, nothing else.” I whispered once more before hitting the button and entering. Kylo’s large figure was slouched over in a chair, with his elbows resting on his knees. I could feel him staring at me through his helmet. “Sit.” He said lightly, gesturing to the floor in front him. He didn’t seem as angry as I had expected, in fact, he didn’t strike me as angry at all. It made me suspicious. For him to be this level-headed after one of my blunders was unlike him. I followed his directions without arguing, settling myself at his feet. I felt tremendously uncomfortable in this submission position and tried to make myself look bigger by sitting up straight and giving him full eye contact, well as much as was possible through the mask. “We’re taking a break from combat since you are too much of a dimwit to grasp anything I teach you.” He spoke calmly. His tone of voice was too composed. What did he have planned? Some form of cruelty, for sure... So be it. I could handle it. I formed a grimace, trying to hide my shame. “Let’s move into force control, shall we? We’ll start with your ability to protect your mind. It is the most vital skill for someone as vulnerable you, who is likely to be caught and tortured.” He explained in the same tone. I knew it; torture. Although, after seeing how easily he had gotten into my head before, I couldn’t deny that I needed this training. Unconscious or not, it was a disgrace that I was unable to keep him out. I wondered if he had sensed the new barrier I had placed and if that was the real reason he wanted to try to get in again; just to prove that he still could. A flood of anxiety overtook me as I realized the new things he could potentially uncover, like the fact that I didn’t exactly hate him anymore. I’m sure he had his suspicions, but if he got in, it would just confirm everything. No. He wouldn’t get in. I had made myself impenetrable. I think… I can do this. “You’re worried.” He noted. He could read me so easily. I hated it. I looked up at him with an angry glare. “Why should I be worried? You’re not getting in.” I retorted, faking the confidence that I longed for. His hands hovered to the back of his helmet and a dim hiss emitted as he slipped it off. This was not going well for me… I hadn’t seen his face for days and I bit my lip as I fought the urge to gawk at him. I rested my gaze on his leather hands instead as he pulled the gloves off, finger by finger. What was he doing? He had never taken the gloves off. I was sure that he could feel my apprehension as I dragged my eyes even lower, focusing on my thighs so I wouldn’t have to look at him. I felt two cold fingers under my chin as he gently lifted my head until our eyes met. His dark billows of hair framed his face perfectly as he gazed down at me, falling in little rivets around his cheeks. He was so beautiful. Damnit. I knew what he was doing… He must have been fully aware of my little infatuation and now he was going to use it against me. It was just like him to do something this harsh as payback. Good. Perhaps the embarrassment would snap me out of this irrational fascination I had for him. I was ready. I could feel the determination seep out from myself and radiate into the atmosphere. He cocked an eyebrow, detecting my newfound poise and glowered at me like I was a game; a challenge that he was determined to overcome. I didn’t like that look. With my face still in his hand, he gracefully creeped out of his chair and knelt in front of me, never breaking eye contact. The movement caused a rush of his scent to slam into me, making me lightheaded. My heart was pounding wildly and I felt like I couldn’t breathe, but I kept myself collected. His cool hand glided away from my chin and rested over my frenzied heart. The feel of his large palm over my chest brought an unintentional inhale from me. “I seemed to have uncovered a new weakness.” He whispered into my ear as he pulsed his power into me. He will not get in. He will not get in. I shut my eyes and concentrated with every fiber of my being. This wasn’t like the last time; he couldn’t just slip inside, he had to fight, and his style of fighting was vicious and shambolic. He pushed until it was agonizing, but I held on, holding up against the sheer strength of him. He withdrew, allowing me to breathe again, and spoke in a whisper, “I’m impressed.” He swept the hair from my face and placed his hand on my shoulder lovingly. I glared at him, refusing to respond to his touch. “There’s no doubt that you’re getting stronger, but we both know that you will fail in the end, just as you always have, and just as you always will.” “You’d know all about failing wouldn’t you?” I sneered. He smiled and it was daunting. “You may have Leader Snoke fooled, but I am not so easily deceived. You’re nothing but a miniscule stain on my path to victory, and I won’t be content until the galaxy is rid of you.” He pat my cheek twice, like you would a child, and smiled again, “Although, I must admit, I’m flattered by your little admiration.” He moved his face in until we were almost touching, hovering above my lips so close that when he spoke I could feel him forming the words on his lips, “The rest of our days should be interesting with this newfound flaw.” He let the tiny amount of distance between us close and his soft, warm lips pressed into mine softly. I was completely and utterly unprepared for this. I didn’t want to kiss him back, but my traitorous body practically melted into him as my eyes fluttered shut. He ran his tongue along my bottom lip, coaxing me to open my mouth and I simply couldn’t resist. In that moment, I would have let him have anything he wanted. I knew this was just a façade to get back at me, but it felt so good, he smelled so good, he tasted so good. He slid back into my head and the defenses were gone. He focused in on last night, seeing what I had overheard then ripped away from me and stood up, leaving me panting at his feet. I shook my head, completely ashamed of myself and hid my face in my hands. I had just let myself be used and enjoyed it. This was a new low for me. “You don’t believe that I am Darth Vader’s grandson.” He got down on my level again, balancing on the balls of his feet. “Is that what this is all about?” I questioned, recomposing myself. “You think so little of me, yet you are literally under my control.” “You’re delusional. You’re not even under your control.” “You can keep telling yourself that, but it doesn’t change the fact that you can’t resist me. I see the effect I have on you.” “Whatever demented feelings I have for you will eventually fade, but until then, I will not let them, or you, dictate my life.” “I am your life. You need me to teach you so you can overthrow Snoke and I, right?” “It’s inevitable. There’s no way for us to all reign together.” “Of course not, but you won’t be the victor.” “So because you are a distant relative of a Sith, you think you have some sort of advantage over me?” "I have every advantage over you, none of which has anything to do with the fact that Darth Vader is my grandfather.” His voice came out tranquil and very matter of fact. “Don’t underestimate me. As I’m sure you know; I have nothing to lose. The dark is all that I have, and I am willing to endure the sacrifices attached to it, whatever they may be.” “We’ll see.” He smirked and then stood up and left. I wished he would stop exiting like that. Notes: I've been gone for a while. I needed to get back in touch with my inner Kylo lol He's so mean, but I love it :) Enjoy <3 Chapter 10 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) There was a strange relief in knowing that Kylo was fully aware of my fixation with him. I knew it would pass; he was just too vile. Sooner or later I would have to come to my senses. I was already dressed and seated at the center of my empty room meditating when I heard the door open. I was prepared to slay the troopers for not knocking, but when I opened my eyes it was him. He had never come to me himself before. He towered over me, tall and menacing with his chrome mask. “To what do I owe the pleasure?” I asked satirically, remaining seated. “Snoke requests our presence.” He spoke and began walking. Snoke? A wave of hope ran through me. Maybe I could finally train with him instead. That would solve this whole predicament. I pulled myself up, my body still achy from all the abuse I had taken from Kylo in the single month I had known him. I trailed behind him trying to match his pace. He always walked fast, but today his stride was quicker than usual, probably to make it harder for me to keep up. How childish. His legs were so much longer than mine and I did my best to look dignified as I practically jogged beside him. He typed in the complex code to enter Snoke’s abyss and disregarded me as he treaded inside. I sensed something off about him today. I couldn’t quite place the aura he was emitting, but it felt something like anxiety. I didn’t know he could even get anxious. I followed his steps and stood beside him under the glow of the hologram. We stared up at Snoke. “Kylo Ren has told me that your training is going well.” He rumbled. Was this a joke of some sort? There was absolutely no way Kylo had said that. I fought to keep my face blank as I looked to Kylo for guidance. He didn’t even acknowledge me. Perfect. He was probably lying to save himself from embarrassment. “Yes master. I am improving.” I played along. “Hmmm…” Snoke groaned, staying quiet for a few beats, “Not fast enough… The time to fight is approaching rapidly. I am sure that the girl is already training with Skywalker. They must both be destroyed before she gains more power. You must become stronger before then, (Y/N).” He turned his attention to Kylo, “I will not accept another failure, there is no time for that. Do what you must to strengthen (Y/N) and do not let your feelings interfere. I am moving her to your quarters and you two will spend every moment preparing until she is ready.” Kylo interrupted with a word of disapproval, “But sir, she-” Snoke cut him off, raising his voice above Kylo’s rant, “But what? She is your priority now, understand?” “Yes master.” Kylo replied angrily, bowing his head. I opened my mouth to try to reason with him as well, but he faded away and I was left alone with Kylo in a quietness so thick it almost hurt to breathe. “Did he just-” I started. “Silence!” Kylo barked as his breathing became ragged. Through the darkness I could see his shoulders heaving and his fists trembling. “This is your fault.” He growled, “You’ve made a fool of me and now I must childmind you instead taking care of real matters!” He grabbed me by the throat again. I maneuvered my way out of the hold just like he had taught me. He bellowed a frustrated sound and attempted to backhand me, but I used my training to block that as well. It came as second nature now. I guess I was learning after all. “Stop it you twit! I’m not happy with this arrangement either!” I explained. In reality, I had no idea how I felt about all of this. I was still in shock, but I knew that there was no version of this that would end well. What was Snoke thinking? “You are my own personal purgatory.” He snarled, coming in close to my face then stomping away. “Likewise!” I yelled back, trying to get the last word. Couldn’t Snoke see the tension between us? How was any of this going to be beneficial? Kylo was so angry that I wondered if he would even teach me now. Yes, he would… Now, more than ever, he felt like he had something to prove. He would probably make me endure hell in these next days, maybe even weeks. How long would all this last? A microscopic part of me gleamed at the thought of spending so much time with him. I squashed her and locked her in the back of my mind. Ridiculous wench. I ambled out of the uncanny room and returned to my quarters, in a state of shock. The two troopers that guarded my door stopped me from entering. “We’ve been informed that you are to stay with Ren from now on. You’re belongings have already been moved, ma’am.” One explained. Great. I hadn’t thought that this was going to be immediate. Snoke must have had them move everything in the short while we were in the meeting so that we couldn’t protest. It wasn’t like I had many belongings anyways; just the clothes that had been given to me. “I’ll escort you there- if you’d like, my lady.” He said timidly. “Fine.” I snapped, crossing my arms over my chest. How was this going to work? Living together was probably the worst thing Snoke could have come up with. He led me down a hall I had never been though before. It contained a single door at the end of it, guarded by six storm troopers on each side instead of the measly two I was given. He had a small army at his beck-and-call. My trooper gestured to them to open the door, but they hesitated and one spoke instead, “I must warn you; he’s in the midst of one of his- outbursts. I’m not sure if you want to come back later or not, ma’am.” I rolled my eyes. This was going to be my space too now; I wasn’t going to let him keep me out just because he had anger management issues. “Open it.” I demanded. He input a code and the dark metal door slid open. White helmets nodded at me as I passed through as if they were honoring my bravery. It irritated me. Out of all the feelings I held for Kylo Ren, none of them were fear. I confidently stepped into a chamber that was triple the size of mine. Although it was larger, it was still just as empty and neutral. Kylo had redecorated what little furniture it had with his light saber. There was still smoke coming up from what used to be a dining table. I heard heavy footsteps coming from one of the rooms as he came into view. His helmet was off and his face was a sweaty mass of fury. “Who let you in here?” He huffed, approaching me with intentions of violence. I didn’t budge. “Do you suffer from memory loss? I live here now, fool.” I guess he hadn’t found my clothes yet… “You’re that eager?” He sneered, “That’s humiliating.” I felt my face flush and couldn’t stop it. Idiot. “Oh yes, I just couldn’t wait to move in with the resident tantrum throwing sociopath. How did you know?” I hissed sarcastically, using my anger to cover up my embarrassment, “Snoke had my things moved while we were speaking with him.” His face fell into a look of confusion as he walked across the room and opened a door. There was a bed and a dresser inside, he looked surprised. That meant they had probably brought it in just now. He opened one of the drawers and pulled out a piece of my clothing, crumbling the shirt in his fist. A deep exasperated laugh escaped him as he unconsciously ran a hand through his damp hair. He flung the shirt at me and stormed past the cluster of troopers. Once he was gone, the tension dissipated from the room and I felt at ease again. I dismissed my trooper and took a seat on the last remaining chair in the room, trying to collect my thoughts. “This is madness…” I whispered to myself, studying the mess he had made. Kylo Ren and I confined together… One of us was going to end up killing the other and I could only hope it wasn’t me. Notes: I don't know what just happened... The character's just took over and made me do it, I swear! Hahaha Let me know what you think so far, yea? Chapter 11 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) (Y/O/N)=Your old name/Your original name That night, I was too mentally exhausted to explore my new quarters, let alone shower. I had locked myself in my assigned room and fell asleep immediately. “Why doesn’t she love us anymore?” She whispered, sadness taking over her small features. What a terrible thing is was to have to explain to an 8-year-old why her mother didn’t love her. I wasn’t going to lie to her and say, ‘she does love you deep down’. She deserved better than that. “Because she’s not herself anymore.” I spoke lightly, stroking her hair, “She’s let her anger mold her into this- thing that she’s become. This monster...” “You get angry too, (Y/O/N)… What if that happens to you too?” “It won’t.” I stated sharply, “I won’t let it…” I sat up in a cold sweat, overcome with guilt. I tossed the thick blanket to the side and pulled my knees into my chest, hugging my legs. It was just as Kylo had said: “Ironically, you’ve become worse than she ever was.” and he was right. I was worse than her- am worse than her. What would my sister think of me now? “It doesn’t matter.” I convinced myself, fighting back tears. There was no room in my future for remorse. I was already too far gone for that. These nightmares were becoming a burden. “I am a killer, a servant to the Dark Side.” I reassured myself. I felt sticky and dirty. I desperately wanted a shower. I dragged myself out of bed and was about to open the door when a thought occurred to me; what if Kylo was in the main room? I suddenly became painfully aware of my appearance. There was no doubt that I looked disheveled from sleep and I had a preposterous urge to look appealing to him. I considered just forcing myself to face him the way I was to prove to myself that I didn’t care, but couldn’t stop myself when my hands began finger combing through my hair and wiping away the tiredness from my eyes. I was wearing a floor length sleeping gown which covered everything except my shoulders. This was okay. I took a deep breath and walked into the focal room ready to say something snarky about the way he had acted last night, but he wasn’t there. I noticed that the furniture had all been replaced. I padded over to the main door and knocked. A storm trooper came into focus as the heavy door pulled open. “Ma’am?” He spoke loudly and confused. I put a finger to my lips to signal for him to be quiet. “Is he here?” I whispered. “Who?” he asked back. Idiot! Who else? “Kylo!” I whisper yelled. “No, my lady. Ren has not come back ever since last night.” I felt my body relax. “Knock when he gets here.” I commanded. He nodded and shut the door. From here I could see a small kitchen, the door to my room, and a hallway. The bathroom must be down there. I wanted to shower before he came back to spare us from any awkward encounters. There were three doors down the hall. I opened the first one on the right and found a closet full of random scraps and weapons. There were pieces of wire, fragments of metal, staffs and different types of blasters. It was very disorganized. I took a mental note of it just in case I needed to defend myself, which was highly likely living here with this psycho. I continued on to the next door. It wasn’t the bathroom. His bed was much larger than mine, although it was understandable because of his size. The gray comforter was pulled neatly across the top as if he had never touched it. I wondered what kind of secrets he had hidden inside. I slipped inside and opened his nightstand drawer. It was empty. I went over to his closet and picked through his clothes, taking mind not to leave any trace of myself behind. There was nothing but black tunics, pants and capes. There were three pairs of black boots lined up against the wall underneath. I moved over to his dresser and found different pairs of gloves, thin shirts and socks. For some reason, sifting through his belongings made him seem more human. There was nothing out of the ordinary here, no hints as to who he really was. I took a seat on the edge of his bed and tried to imagine what it was like to be Kylo Ren. Did he ever feel anything other than anger and turmoil? What kind of things did he think about? Maybe it was the same kind of things I thought about; power, strength, my past, my family. For the first time, I wondered what his childhood had been like. If he was truly Darth Vader’s grandson then who were his parents? Luke or Leia? It must be Leia since filthy Jedi are forbidden from breeding. And his father? I had heard rumors that Leia had a love affair with a smuggler called Han Solo. Perhaps it was him? Either way, his life couldn’t have been that bad. What had made him come to the Dark? I scoffed at myself, realizing how ignorant I was being and fell back onto his pillow. That blissful, earthy scent flooded around me and I closed my eyes, soaking it all in. What was it that attracted me to him? It couldn’t just be his appearance, there was no way I was that shallow. Perhaps it was just my desire to take something I knew I couldn’t have. After all, I was never one to take rejection lightly. Whatever it was, it didn’t matter. I stood up and smoothed out the covers until they were just as they had been before. I took one final glance at his space and walked into the bathroom. It was just as plain and organized as his room had been with the exception of a comb sitting on the edge of the sink. It felt unnatural to visualize the menacing Kylo Ren brushing his hair before putting his helmet on to go torture people. I smiled at the thought. I opened one of the cabinets and found a stack of neatly folded beige towels. I grabbed two and placed them on the edge of the glass shower. I pressed the red button for hot water and stepped into the stream. It felt so strange knowing that I was showering in the same shower as him. My mind started wandering and I brushed the thoughts away as the wench inside me perked up again. After washing and getting dressed, Kylo still hadn’t come back. I was standing in the tiny kitchen eating a purple variation of pear when there was a knock on the door and he finally strode in with his usual fast pace. “Making yourself comfortable I see.” He noted as he pulled off his helmet. I ignored him and continued chewing, leaning against the kitchen counter for support. “Come.” He ordered, taking a seat on the beige couch. And so it begins… I put my pear down and treaded across the room, taking a seat in a separate chair in front of him. He sighed and rolled his eyes as he pointed to the space next to him. “Beside me.” I really didn’t want to be that close to him without the mask. Everything felt exceedingly more intimate but I wasn’t really in the mood for arguing, and strangely it seemed like he wasn’t either, so I obeyed. He twisted his body until he was facing me. I made myself look him in the eyes. They were dark and tired looking, with small blood vessels beginning to peak out, confirming that he hadn’t slept last night. His whole demeanor was sluggish. What had he been doing all night? Probably talking to that helmet again. “It is imperative that you pay attention from now on, understand?” He said, trying to sound demanding, but coming off as weary instead. I nodded, gazing into his heavy lidded eyes. “The force is what sustains us in times of turmoil when you physically can’t withstand anymore. You have the power, but lack the control and endurance that it takes to make you resilient. The first thing you must master is your barrier. That will strengthen you enough to acquire more advanced things.” “Such as?” I asked, intrigued. “Mind reading, manipulation, torture, and force grabs.” He listed casually. My face perked up. I had long yearned for these powers. I would do whatever he asked to obtain them. “Don’t look so pleased. I haven’t told you the process yet.” He explained in a menacing tone of voice. “Nothing you haven’t already put me through I’m sure.” I said bitterly. He chuckled and leaned back on the couch, crossing one leg over the other and spreading his arms out in a relaxed pose. "I can guarantee that this will be a totally new experience.” He ran his hand through his thick hair and somehow made the simple gesture seem erotic. I fought to not let myself react to it and stared at him instead, waiting for him to explain what he had meant. “In order to train yourself to not be exposed when you are unconscious or when in- distracting situations-” He said flatly, referring to the kiss. I felt my face flush and cleared my throat to try and hide my embarrassment. “I will need to put your body under a state of extreme stress. During that time, I will continuously attempt to get into your head. So starting today, we will not sleep, we will not eat for however many days it takes for me to feel that you are ready.” He pulled a small device from his boot and held it up to my face. “You will be tased every time you doze off.” He said emotionlessly, “Things will start getting interesting around day two. You may experience nausea, blurred vision, muscle twitches and episodes of microsleep which is where this will be used.” He lifted the taser again, “At four days you will start to hallucinate and become delusional, and if you are slow enough to take us to seven days, which I wouldn’t doubt, then you will begin to suffer from paranoia, memory lapse and tremors. Anything past that and you will be useless, so I suggest you pull yourself together quickly if you want to avoid these side effects.” I had never gone longer than two days without sleep. I wondered how long I would be able to last, and more importantly, how soon would he deem me “ready”? If he really hadn’t slept last night then that would mean he was already coming up on day two, and who knows if he had rested before that. "When’s the last time you slept?" I voiced my thoughts. "Worry about yourself. This will be very difficult and I won't go easy on you." He responded in a calm voice. He was acting quite civil. I really enjoyed tired Kylo. "I don't expect you to." I replied genuinely. He gave me a single nod and removed his gloves, placing them on the arm of the couch. He stretched over me and encompassed my forehead with his hand. “Focus.” He said one last time before pressing into me. Notes: We're getting serious now lol We will see a new side of Kylo in the next chapter. He's already been awake longer than the reader and his symptoms will surface faster than hers. I'm excited <3 Also, I will be out of the country for a week so don't think that I have abandoned this, I simply wont have any reception :) I shall return!! Until then, enjoy this video on why Kylo turned to the Dark Side; it will set you up for the next chapter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjZ4ZvwihNw Chapter 12 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The brutal force and prickling pain at my temples was too much and my concentration snapped again. I collapsed forward, my head falling onto his broad chest. He gripped me by the shoulders and shoved me back into an upright position. My head hung low, and heavy and I could feel drops of sweat trickling from my face as I fought to catch my breath. So much of my energy had depleted in the past three days yet Kylo still seemed like he was in complete control of his power even though I knew he had been without sleep much longer than I had. His force strength did not waiver, but that’s not to say that he was immune to the effects of wakefulness. He would often fall into these frenzied mood swings, and had displayed an impressive array of foul attitudes. Most of them were very violent and cantankerous, but recently he was actually coming off as calm, and flat out lethargic. I was appreciative of the change of pace. “Try again.” He instructed, his words slurring slightly. I was too tired to form the words I can’t and tried to shake my head instead. Even that small movement seemed like too much work, so I just stayed there, head bowed, panting and trembling. I was just so tired. So tired… Pain shot through my left arm, my muscles cramping up one by one until my body was just a mass of tightness. My senses awakened at the shock of the taser and I could focus once more as the sting subsided. I became aware of my physical state; the thirst biting at the back of my throat, the intense waves of nausea, the overwhelming migraine pounding inside of my skull. My fatigued muscles were still twitching from the now familiar jolt of electricity as I stared up at the haggard man before me with wide eyes. The deep bags under his sleep deprived eyes were substantially prominent against his pale skin. His already heavy lids seemed to drop even further, casting dark shadows on the rivets of his skin from his lashes. Faint stubble had formed across his jawline and upper lip, making his sharp bone structure appear even more salient. Even in this dilapidated state, he was still strikingly handsome. His chapped lips moved slower than his words as he spoke with a raspy voice, "What are you visualizing inside your head?" I had heard what he said, but my brain took a few moments longer to process the words. I thought about my response for what seemed like hours, but what was probably only seconds, blinking rapidly as if it would help me focus. "A massive bright vault with endless rooms and each room contains a memory and it’s all protected by a door." I tried to describe, sounding ignorant even to myself. Kylo fought to remain attentive as a look of disorientation washed over his features. I automatically prepared myself for another one of his mood swings as I watched him jerk his neck to one side, exposing a sliver of his smooth flesh before lifting the taser to himself. His eyes squeezed together tightly and he gritted his teeth as he hissed a small breath of pain. He took a deep inhale and pacified his face before opening his eyes and beaming at me as if nothing had happened. I had grown accustomed to the peculiar routine, as this certainly wasn’t the first time he had shocked himself awake. "And your power?" He continued, unfazed. I took time to think again, trying to ignore my throbbing head. "It lives in a room underneath the memories." I explained. Kylo nodded as if he understood something that I didn’t, and leaned in towards me. "I see the problem. You must strengthen your power, not your door. The door isn’t what protects you." He spoke softly. My brain wouldn’t comprehend what he was telling me. All I could think about was how drained I was and the fact that my left arm was starting to get tingly and numb. I willed myself to speak as a distraction, "I don’t understand." My arm felt so funny… I probed at it with my fingers, intrigued by the sensation. My hand was engulfed by warmth as Kylo’s long fingers firmly wrapped around it and held me still, helping me return back to my diligence. Once he saw that I was able to fixate on him again, he released his grip. "Close your eyes.” He whispered, sleep present in his tone. I shut my eyes, trying my hardest not to fall into a slumber. Instead, I zoned in on his plangent voice. “Bring your power forth.” I did as he said, drawing it from it’s depths. “Lure it upwards; guide it through the memories, the scars, the anguish. Lead it to the door at the very front of your mind.” I dragged it along every emotion, every recollection until it settled upon the entrance. “Is it there?" "Yes." I whispered, struggling to hold it in place. "Excellent. Take dominion over it and manipulate it into a new room, constructed out of power.” I coaxed the vibrating mass up into walls one after the other, wrestling for control. I could hear myself grunting out of toil. “Is it formed?" He asked, patiently. I nodded, anchoring the lucid glowing block with all my might. "Allow it to expand in all directions. Let it envelop every single room, every crevice of your psyche." His instructions seemed simple enough, but as I attempted to stretch it, the mass remained concrete. The more I willed it outwards the more demanding the task became. I could feel my body convulsing from exertion. I yanked and yanked, but it wouldn’t budge. After what seemed like an eternity, my strength languished and I let go, sending it spiraling back into it’s former shapelessness. The backlash sent my head flailing backwards onto the edge of the couch. I took a moment to collect myself, before confessing my failure, “I can’t make it move.” I grumbled with disappointment apparent in my tone. There was no reply, only a dense silence. I knew he was probably about to lose it. His frustration was completely understandable though. The concept was plain and straightforward so why couldn’t I accomplish it? The fact that I was exhausted and slightly neurotic was not a valid excuse as much as it proved to be a weakness. I awaited Kylo’s wrath, keeping my eyes shut, until strange words filled the air, “It should have been me.” He whispered in voice so broken and grieved that I almost couldn’t believe it belonged to him. I sat up cautiously, examining this new temperament. I had experienced how powerful this man’s fury was on more than one occasion, yet I would have eagerly welcomed it in place of the look that plastered his face at that moment. The wistful expression that had fallen over him was teeming with raw emotion. His gaze was locked off in the distance as if he could see something I couldn’t. It was obvious that he was not speaking to me, but rather some imaginary being. I sat there, frozen, unsure of how to break this trance. “Why didn’t you kill me? You had the chance, yet…” He stopped, his hazel eyes glistening. I hadn’t the slightest idea what he was talking about, but it was clearly a painful topic for him. I came to the conclusion that he was experiencing a hallucination. It made sense that he would be the first to encounter them since he had gone a more considerable amount of time without sleep than I had. Of course I was intrigued by the idea that I might be able to descry a glimpse inside of his cryptic mind, but knowing that I was not the one who had extracted the information made me feel like I didn’t deserve to stand as a witness. Even remembering how he had raped my mind and robbed me of my secrets, it felt wrong. “Kylo…” I tried warily. “Kylo? So you’ve finally accepted it…” He interrupted, hanging his head and huffing out a defeated laugh. He began rubbing his temples in a nervous manner before resting his face in his hands. His massive shoulders shook in unison with his sobs. For an instant, I forgot who I was, who he was. We were not frigid killers, we were not dark servants, we were just simple beings and I was overwhelmed by an intense impulse to nurture him. I instinctively reached out for him, to help ease his pain, when he suddenly stood up. The look on his face retorted back to it’s typical livid grimace. The only thing that was out of place were the unfamiliar, glimmering trails of tears that now decorated his cheeks. “ You chose Kylo Ren!” He bellowed, gesturing aggressively in the direction of the illusion. “The decision was yours!” The unreadable, fastidious Kylo Ren had come unglued and transformed into a fuming heap of emotions. His agony was almost tangible. I stood up very slowly and approached him in the most nonthreatening way I could manage. He took no notice of me. “It’s alright…” I spoke softly, trying to diffuse the situation. He turned to face me, acknowledging my presence. His dark brows furrowed together as if he was hearing something he didn’t like. “No! It’s not! It should have been me!” He shouted, coming in very close to my face. I took a precautionary step back. “You know it should have been me that day on the bridge…” He stated, sadness biting at the edge of his now solemn tone. His whole demeanor had changed yet again. The anger vanished and his face crumbled into a disconsolate expression. I wanted nothing more than to help him. I stepped forward and brushed away the wetness that was falling from his eyes which only seemed to make him weep harder. “I wanted to be free. That was my wish... I wanted to die and you denied me that release-” His voice cracked through the tears. I scoured my surroundings, desperate to find something, anything, to make this stop. My eyes caught the taser that was still clenched in his hand. He seemed vulnerable enough that I could take it without a fight. I took his right hand into both of mine and gingerly pried it open, finger by finger. As I had suspected, he did not resist. In fact, once I had the weapon in my possession he slid to his knees and bowed his head in what could only be described as defeat. Since he was still in full armor, minus the gloves and helmet, the position was actually advantageous so I would have easy access to his neck. I bent down and swept the thick waves of hair away from his skin. It was just as silky as I had imagined. I pulled his collar to one side and pressed the silver device against his bared flesh. With the flick of the button a blue light illuminated, bringing a distraught gasp from him and making his body constrict. I pulled away and waited for any sign that he was mentally present again. “Kylo..?” I tried. He gazed up at me, confusion apparent on his face. “Is it you?” I asked suspiciously. His face fell back into a blank mask as he stood up, straightening out his robe casually. “Of course it’s me, dimwit.” He hissed. A wave of relief washed over me, knowing that he was in his right mind again- well for him anyways. He touched his face and seemed surprised to find that it was wet. He pulled his hand away and examined the tears, rubbing them between his fingertips as if they were some alien substance. “You were hallucinating.” I clarified. He dragged a pleated sleeve across his face brutishly, leaving the skin pink from the pressure. “My mistake.” He replied passively. He was speaking as if nothing had ever occurred. “It won’t happen again.” He stated, taking his seat back on the couch again. He held a hand out in front me expectantly. It took me a second to realize that he wanted the taser back. I was still in shock from the emotional breakdown that had just taken place as I absent mindedly wandered over to him and surrendered the small device. “Let’s continue.” He said. I nodded and sat down. I wanted to process all of this, but I just didn’t have the energy. I had forgotten what it felt like to be able to focus, to think, to feel okay. “The sooner we get this done, the sooner we can return to our normal routines.” He reminded me, “Try again.” I prepared myself as best as I could by gathering what little strength I had left, and dived back inside of myself. I was met again by the familiar surge of power, floating near the entrance where I had left it. I needed to do this. I needed to gain control and I had to do it quick. I knew I wouldn’t last much longer. In the distance, I could feel Kylo enter my essence like an icy fog; watching, waiting. I molded my energy back into a compact cube and began to tug at the edges again. To my surprise, they began to move and enlarge, absorbing room after room. I could feel the sense of security that Kylo had described. The walls flowed like waves, taking everything with them until I felt a sharp and sudden tension within their fibers. Everything came to a halt. I tried forcing it again, but it felt like it was going to rip. My brain was in physical pain. Kylo’s voice came abrupt and demanding, "Don't desist." I let out a resolute yelp as I heaved at it once more. "Control it." He commanded. I pressed vigorously. I was almost there. I could feel it. Almost… "Harder!" It ruptured and slipped from my iron grasp. I doubled over as I felt my insides threatening to come up and vomited all over the floor. I had not eaten anything for days and all that spewed out was acrid, calescent bile. My upper body quivered as I strained to stand. My limbs were going numb. I heard the dim buzz of the taser and another harsh inhale from Kylo before I felt hands under my armpits, lifting me up. I was as limp as a ragdoll as he positioned me on the couch and just as useless. “Once more.” I shook my head in objection, trying to manage the crushing nausea. “You’re near.” He spoke flatly, although, there was a small hint of anticipation somewhere in his timbre. “I- can’t-” I started, the words burning my raw throat. “You will! Now collect yourself.” He ordered. He was right… We were already on day four and I was at my nadir. My state of being was in a harrowing place, but I had to pull myself together. I had to do this. I reverted back into my vault and seized the power, repressing it. I braced myself and salvaged every scrap of energy I had left within my shattered spirit and pulled at my pulsating force. It lengthened rapidly, reaching new rooms and fissures. So close. I was so close. I could hear myself shrieking in the distance, creating sounds that I had never known I was capable of making. I cast it harder and was overcome by new sensations, none of which were pleasant. My body and spirit had never been under so much turmoil. There was a split second where I thought I might die until it happened... The walls connected and merged together, swirling into an exquisite presentation of alabaster brilliance. I was complete. I had never known wholeness like I did at the very moment. Things that had once been beyond my understanding were now trivial and transparent. An iota of light pulled apart from the rest and billowed forward. It found a wall, much like itself, and slithered through the barrier with dexterity. It was like a beautiful dance. Once inside of the unfamiliar abyss, the light swelled and consumed everything in it’s path. There were memories that I was a part of, but they were not mine, and feelings that I felt, yet they did not belong to me. In an instant, I became the tormented Kylo Ren, but as I ventured deeper I found another being deep down inside of us… Someone long forgotten: a child called Ben Solo. Notes: Sorry for the long wait, life got in the way. I hate it when it does that haha Let's get to know the real Kylo Ren, shall we? I swear it will only make you love him more :) Notes: This was never supposed to see the light of day, but I enjoy reading fan fictions so I decided to post mine as well. After I watched TFA this idea kept resurfacing in my head so I began jotting it down and it somehow turned into an entire plot. I do have the tendency to get carried away :P So what do you think? Please let me know in the comments, I am very curious. I apologize if it's horrific lol