Kenobi Empress “How would you like your water, ma’am? Sparkling or regular?” “Sparkling, please.” The air hostess then began serving the water into a small cup of glass. She then gave it to the young woman passenger with a smile on her face. “Here’s your water, ma’am.” “Thank you.” Replied the young woman also returning the smile, taking a quick drink from her glass. The plane’s destination was Coruscant, New York. After long five hours of flying, Rey Kenobi was ready to go home. She was returning from an important business trip on Jakuu, Nevada. These type of business trips weren’t her favorite thing in the world, but as the owner of the Kenobi Brewery Company it was her duty. Rey’s parents died a year ago while she was finishing college. She hated remembering that day and all the nightmares that began afterwards. They died in a car accident when heading home from a Christmas party at the Calrissian’s. Both families, powerful in the business industry. Rey then became the new owner of the brewery after graduating college. While looking out the window her thoughts were interrupted by the captain’s voice. “Ladies and gentlemen, we’re about to begin our final descent to CAI. Currently at CAI the weather is pretty chilly over 20 degrees. Again, thank you for choosing Millenium Falcon airlines and keep your seat belts on.” Land was already visible after their final descending. It was good to be finally at home. After a safe landing, Rey grabbed her carry-on bag and left first class. She took the phone out of her purse and noticed there was two lost calls from Finn. He was supposed to pick her up. When she exited the airport, the cold wind greeted her. It was cold, just like the captain said. When she was about to call Finn, a car horn almost make her drop the phone. It was Finn waving at her and as usual driving her white Mercedes Benz car whenever he needed to pick her up at airports. “So how was the trip? I bet you enjoyed all those meetings.” Finn asked while driving back to manor. “You have no idea how much I enjoyed those Finn!” Rey answered with her known over-dramatic voice. “No but honestly, it was horrible. Too much talking from all of these a**holes lecturing me on how I should be a better business owner just like my father and grandfather before me.” Finn chuckled at Rey’s response. “Typical. But you’ll get used to it Rey. Just think positive and… and you should first start by doing something with those dark circles around your eyes.” Finn noticed her dark circles, mainly by the lack of sleep. Rey’s job was not simple. “I know.. I know. I’ll need you to get me an appointment with Maz’s Palace Spa as soon as possible! And for you, darling, to give me a new haircut too. But to tell you the truth I’m still having those nightmares…” “About your parents?” Finn asked making a right turn almost getting to their destination. “Not only about that but also ab..-“ Rey’s phone began ringing. “Hold on, Hux is calling me.” Hux was the director of the Kenobi Brewery Company. Rey trusted him and whenever she was out of the country for a business meeting her was put in charge of the company. Many of the workers hated him though. Even her publicist, Poe Dameron, warned her about him. Rey couldn't understand why everyone didn't liked Hux that much. After Rey finished talking to Hux, they were entering the gates of the Kenobi manor. The Kenobi’s were wealthy and powerful in all Coruscant, New York. Sure there was others who were also wealthy, but the Kenobi’s had more power and much more actions. The manor had security cameras everywhere. Finn parked the car in front of the house and both then got out of the car. Finn helping Rey to carry her carry-on bag since she was exhausted from the flight. One of the manor’s housekeepers greeted Rey and took her bag upstairs to her chambers. Another one appeared and greeted them offering something to drink or eat. Rey wanted a glass of water while Finn was fine. They proceeded to head over her private studio. It was her father and grandfather’s first. It was stylishly decorated, but Rey still wanted to keep some of the things that belonged to her family. Walls were decorated with paintings that her grandfather used to buy from famous European artists. Obi Wan had a good taste in art, something she shared with him. In the left far corner, there was a pool table that belonged to her father and unused since she wasn't fond of pool. On the far right corner, there was two big shelves full of old books and some business encyclopedias. The Kenobi’s were natural born readers and also loved to collect books. And then the desk in the center of the studio which had decades of being used. In front of it two cozy chairs and a sofa all made in Italy. Rey walked to her desk and took a seat. She began examining some of the papers that were scattered around the desk. Finn took a seat in one of the chairs that were facing the desk. “Hux just called to tell me that tomorrow night there will be a social gathering at the Finalizer Hotel Plaza.” Rey said while examining one of the documents. “You or Poe should accompany me, I really don’t want to go by myself again. These business veterans would try to lecture me over and over again.” “Well, I can’t tomorrow. I have an important beauty convention to attend. Or… did you just forget about it?” Rey gave a small sigh, gently dropping the papers in the desk. “Yeah, I totally forgot about that “event”. Dammit… I guess I’ll have to ask Poe then.” “Good luck with that Rey. Poe is a very VERY busy guy. And uh.. you aren’t the only celebrity who he works with y’know!” Rey gave a small laugh when said the word celebrity. “I’m not a celebrity, not even close! But I won’t get my hopes high though. Either way I’ll call him tonight!” “You need a man in your life, Rey. A young babe like you should not be single!” “I don’t have time for romance, my dear Finny. I’m more invested in my business and the company.” Rey knew that was a big lie. After her parents’ death, she began feeling lonely and even craving for some love and touch. She felt her life was missing some important things. One of them was love. “Oh well, whatever you say Miss Independent.” Finn said quickly standing up and ready to leave. “I’ll be here tomorrow at 6:30 before my event to make you look beautiful for your social party. If you need help with choosing a dress don’t hesitate on asking for help, got it?” Rey also stood up. “Alright, I will let you know.” Both walked out of the studio and head to the house’s main entrance. Finn later left in his own car. He was Rey’s best friend, stylist, makeup artist, and even hairdresser. She had in him everything. He was the only person she trusted; Poe came second. She went upstairs to her chambers and threw herself in bed. How is she going to survive going to all these important events by herself? Many business important people had partners with them. She needed to think about something, that needed to change somehow she thought. Rey fell asleep afterwards. Chapter 2 : Meet the escort Coruscant that night was pretty cold and windy. That however didn’t stop people from enjoying a good night out. The city has always been described as a lively one. What attracted young people the most was its countless bars and clubs. Some bars apparently owned by respectable business owners. The most popular one, The Cantina, was frequently visited by people ranging from all ages. The service was great and every night, live music performed. But not only The Cantina offered people to enjoy its music and drinks, but other type of services were also being offered. Illegal in many ways, but these so called respectable owners kept it to themselves when it came to it. Whatever makes to bring customers it’s a good sign for their business. Preferably older women came to the bar alone in search of these so called 'special services'. Down the street that night, Kylo Ren was calmly walking side by side. He was blowing his hands to make them feel warm, and rubbing them together. He was wearing a knee length dark grey coat and a black scarf around the neck. This was Kylo’s main spot when waiting for a client. He had received a call from a woman by the last name of Snoke requesting his services for the night. She arranged for both to later meet in The Cantina. Kylo checked his watch and knew the woman was 5 minutes late. “Alright, I'll wait four more minutes or the deal is off…I swear.” He hated when women clients didn’t arrived at the exact time. He continued to walk around the street. After the four minutes passed he was about to leave when suddenly a car stopped in front of him. It was a luxurious car from what he could notice. The passenger window began to slowly roll down and Kylo recognized her, approaching the car with his hands inside the pockets since they were freezing. “Kylo Ren, right?” A woman around her forties asked as she looked him from head to toe. “Mrs. Snoke I presume?” Kylo asked with a charming but somewhat playful tone in his voice. The woman responded with a slow smirk. “Sorry to keep you waiting, I needed to address some rather personal issues.” Kylo smirked back leaning towards her window to watch her closely. “Was Mr. Snoke one of those ‘personal issues’?” The same tone in his voice was still there. “Hmm, maybe.” She playfully responded back. “Get in the car, we need to talk some business.” He quickly stood straight and walked towards the other side of the car. The driver then unlocked the car’s door and Kylo quickly got inside. “To The Cantina, please.” Mrs. Snoke ordered her driver. They both had their meeting in The Cantina bar. The place was full of couples chatting and there was a jazz band performing live. Kylo always preferred the nearby sits from the bar area when talking to his female clients. He wanted to know more this woman. Mrs. Snoke led a boring life with her husband, a powerful bank owner. He was always fixated on his job and professional life than on his wife. There was no sexual intimacy between the couple anymore. No more pleasure. She needed some fun in her life and what better than hiring such a charming young male escort. “For such high class clients as yourself, I charge between $140/ph to $170/ph. Depends on how many hours we also spend the night together.” Kylo was considered the best in the agency. Many high class women preferred him. Even his boss, Phasma, referred to him as someone who was a professional in the male escort industry. He started when he couldn't afford to pay for college tuition no more. His father was a war veteran who later got sick and died of liver problems. He frequently drink, even when he was in the Navy. Kylo's mother worked in a grocery store and couldn't pay or even afford certain things because of their situation. His uncle Luke Skywalker at first helped them with their economical problems, but then he got married and had another life to take care of. He helped Kylo with his college tuition until he got married and things went from bad to worse. With the death of his father and his mother financial problems, Kylo decided to become a male escort in one of the most prestigious agencies in Coruscant, New York. His mother never approved and even got sick because of her son's decision and job. He was hired immediately. His real name was Ben Solo, but he later changed it for Kylo Ren. “Deal. I’ve heard great stories about you Mr. Ren. Many of my friends from social circles have told me so that you’re something... special.” She lit up a cigarette, eyeing him at the same time. She then exhaled the grey smoke to her side and out away her lighter. “Really? Glad they think so.” Kylo said giving her a smirk. “Now, let's go to what we came. Where do you want me to escort you, my lady?” The woman put aside her cigarette and took a small checkbook from her purse. “First things first. Before we discuss that, I’ll pay you in advance.” “I see you do keep promises.” Finishing filling the check, the woman carefully tore it out from the checkbook and lend it to Kylo Ren. “Two hundred & twenty-two for the night. Not bad for a starter.” Kylo took a drink of his glass of whiskey and then folded the check Mrs. Snoke gave him in advance. "Place?" “We will go to the Finalizer Plaza Hotel. As you see, I’m not a motel lady Mr. Ren I have more class than that.” “My kind of client.” Kylo then rose from his chair and stored the check in his wallet. “Let’s get going then, my lady.” Mrs. Snoke also rose ready to leave. She left the tip in the table. He gallantly offered his arm to the woman and she reluctantly took it both exiting the bar. He knew this woman was no game when it came to real business. Truly his kind of client. When they arrived at the hotel, Kylo was amazed by the luxury. It was the first time he offered his services in a place like this. He was accustomed to motels and less luxurious hotels in Coruscant. But this, this was something else. When they head towards the counter to make their reservation, he turned around while Mrs. Snoke booked a room. There was a black board near the entrance announcing a social even gathering the next day. Many rich people were attending he thought. "We're all set. Here you go ma'am! Enjoy your stay!" The hotel receptionist gave Mrs. Snoke two card keys. "Follow me handsome. Our room is waiting for us." She glared at him seductively and went ahead of him towards the elevator. He then followed. When they got into their room, she then jumped in bed waiting for him to join her. He began removing his scarf, then coat and threw them aside in a chair. He went towards her and began to remove her shoes. His job was to entertain his clients and sexually gratify them. He then started to give her a foot rub to start stimulating her. Starting at the balls of her foot making circles with his thumbs. "Do you walk a lot?" Kylo asked while going from her foot to her knee, rubbing. "Mmhmm, I do." Mrs. Snoke said letting some low moans while he continued rubbing now her legs. "I worked around the office nevertheless stopping sometimes." "I figured out.. You have great legs though." He then resumed rubbing on her legs, and then proceeded to take off his shirt. He was toned and always received positive compliments from his clients, especially on his long arms. "You're so shredded, Mr. Ren." She put her hands on his hard chest. "Give me pleasure tonight.. Show me what Kylo Ren is made of!" It was going to be a long night but he was up for the task. It was his job, period. "As you wish." He responded, unbuttoning his client's shirt and then throwing it aside. Chapter 3 : First sight Rey woke up by the sound of her cellphone. She immediately changed to a sitting position and grabbed the phone. Hux was calling. She wasn’t in the mood to talk to him or anyone else, all she wanted was to be in her bed all day long, but didn’t had any other choice but to answer. “Morning Hux.” She let a small yawn escape. “Good morning to you too, Ms. Kenobi. Sorry to wake up you so early. I’m calling to confirm you’ll still be attending tonight’s event? It’s scheduled to start at 8:00 as I told you yesterday.” Rey totally forgot about the event. The girl was too exhausted to even remember certain things from the day before. “Yes…sure. How would I forgot such an important thing Hux! You know I’ll be there, still I need to find someone to accompa...-“ “Ms. Kenobi, this is not a blind date. It’s business. Professional circles talking about their companies? You are aware of that don’t you?” True, these type of events were to take seriously. She had a company to hold and maintain. The Kenobi Brewery had stood for years producing the best beer in the whole nation, the Jedi Premium Light. Still having to deal with these people kind of stressed her. “I am, Hux. And I’ll try my best tonight. The company and all of you count on me. “Good then. I’ll let you go now. It’s good you start familiarizing with some of the guests. Enjoy tonight’s event then, Ms. Kenobi.” “Thank you Hux. Have a nice day.” Hux hung up. She wondered why he was in such a mood. Rey rose from bed, stretched and walked towards the bathroom. She needed a hot shower to ease her tensed muscles from last day's flight. She turned on the shower, began getting undressed and entered in it. Warm water began hitting and falling over her skin and hair letting a small moan escape her lips. It felt so good. Why tonight? Why couldn’t this event be another day? After finishing taking a shower, Rey put on a bathrobe and walked back towards the room drying he hair with a towel. She then began untangling her hair and noticed how many split ends it had. Finn so needed to fix it before tonight’s event. Kylo Ren woke up that morning not finding Mrs. Snoke in bed or anywhere near the room. He shifted his position, leaning his back against the headboard and folding his arms behind his head. Last night he fulfilled her many of her sexual fantasies. It was his duty to seduce women like that, but will he ever be seduced? Could he ever find love, or fall in love? He doubt it. A person like Kylo was destined to fulfill and that was it. No decent women would get near him. He truly was lonely after all, craving for something that may never happen. He then rushed out of bed, picking up his clothes scattered all over the floor and placing them on top the bed. While carelessly putting on his underwear, he noticed Mrs. Snoke left him a letter. Mr. Ren, last night was... spectacular. I'll see you again tonight after I deal with some personal matters ... Mrs. Snoke Seems she wanted more of his services again. "Great" Kylo said unamused. He tossed the letter aside and finished up dressing. Before leaving, his cellphone rang. It was his boss Phasma calling him. "Phasma" That was Kylo's way of addressing Phasma whenever she called. "Where the hell are you? You were supposed to be here on time or did you forget you work for me?" "No, I don't. Long night. I'll be there in a couple of minutes. And uh, this lady wants my services tonight again so it'll be the same as last night." He then started to the elevator. He pushed the L button and the elevator began its descent. "Good to hear then. You are still my best escort on this job after all. Now hurry up, we need to discuss important stuff." "Yeah, yeah. See you later Phasma." Kylo hung up and continue walking his way out of the hotel. Again the black board announcing tonight's special event was still there. He briefly glanced at it and read some of the information. "Hmmm..Rey Kenobi, granddaughter of Obi Wan Kenobi will be our major guest ." Must be a powerful woman in society , he thought. He wondered if Mrs. Snoke knew this Kenobi woman. Kylo then carefully crossed the street and kept walking forward. Rey spent the entire afternoon in her studio revising some documents and making calls. There was going to be a meeting in a couple of days so she needed to start preparing in advance. Finn was going to be there soon to do the hair and makeup. She then left the studio and walked towards her chambers to wait for his arrival. Poe also couldn’t accompany Rey since he had his parents visiting from Endor. It was a bummer, really. He was the last option, but now she was on her own. Finn arrived earlier than expected. He had also an event to attend tonight so he hurriedly went upstairs to make Rey look beautiful and presentable. “You really needed a trim girl.” Finn trimmed Rey’s split ends and then began blow drying her hair. She had wavy shoulder length hair since it was her favorite. When he finished with the hair, he proceeded to apply makeup. “Poe couldn’t either come with me tonight. Again I’m by myself.” “You’ll be okay girl. It’s just a couple of boring people chatting. I remember last time when I went with you, me rolling my eyes behind them and you trying so hard not to laugh.” Both laughed together remembering the occasion. “Yeah, AND you couldn’t keep your eyes out of Poe neither!” Rey jokingly replied to her friend. “I did? We.. Well he’s too handsome to not look at.” He was finishing applying her lipstick of a mauve color. “You still need a man in your life Rey. You can’t keep being lonely… but yeah, you’re a business woman and, etc etc.” He concluded before Rey could repeat that to him. “Well? What do you think?” He handed her a mirror. She gave a smile of approval. “As usual, splendid! You never fail to amaze me Finny.” Rey decided to wear a chiffon A-line purple evening gown by her favorite designer, Galiano. It was sleeveless with an O-neck line. It has some embroidery and appliques in the chest area. She really looked like a goddess. "How do I look?" Rey asked Finn. "Like a goddess! You have a killer body so that dress was the best option." He wasn't lying. Rey liked to be on shape. Eating healthy and doing yoga exercises occasionally helped her a lot. Finn bid farewell to his friend and left. It was time for her to leave too. She looked at the mirror for the last time and not leaving yet until she applied perfume. “Well, here we go. Please guide me mom, dad, and grandfather.” She left her room and went downstairs. The driver was already waiting for her in front of the house. The house keepers helped her putting on a coat made of fur and bidding farewell to her. The driver helped her getting in the car and close her door. This night was going to change her life forever. Kylo Ren had another arranged meeting with Mrs. Snoke that night. They were supposed to meet at the same time and in the same place. She was going to pick him up and go to the Finalizer Plaza hotel. He succeeded last night entertaining his client. The woman seemed persistent. As usual Kylo was waiting for her near The Cantina bar. She was on time and then they drove to the hotel again. When they arrived, there was a lot of limousines and cars dropping people in front of the luxurious hotel. Kylo then remembered about the event that was to be held that night and that Kenobi woman being the main guest. Apparently it was Coruscant's high society most important event. “Let’s hurry up or anyone that could know my husband might see us.” Mrs. Snoke quickly began walking ahead of him. "They know him? You should had picked another hotel then." He replied following her to the reception front desk. "Don't worry, everything will be fine handsome." Mrs. Snoke reassured him squeezing one of his butt cheeks. She then went to the front desk to book a room. "If you say so." Kylo decided to walk around while she booked a room. More people were arriving. Many were couples, probably whom were powerful families. Some of the ladies wearing elegant fur coats. So much elegance and class he thought. His eyes then fixed in someone else; a young woman. She entered the hotel but with no companion. Her floor length dress was of a dark purple shade, and Kylo saw when she elegantly removed her coat and handed it to the person in charge on the entrance. Something in the way she walked and how the dress accentuated her nice curves somehow drove him crazy . Was she an angel? Women like her would never take a look at men like him. But all he knew is that she was beautiful. His thoughts were interrupted when suddeny Mrs. Snoke grabbed him by his arm to lead him. When they were heading to the elevator, he furtively looked behind his shoulder to see if the girl was still there, but was gone from his sight. Ding, the elevator was there and Kylo felt he was been carefully dragged to get inside of it. Mrs. Snoke moved her arms up around his neck; she clung to him and then elevator doors shut behind her. A pianist was performing that night. Many of the guests were drinking champagne and chatting about business trips, while others on traveling around the world. These people loved to brag about everything, something that made Rey cringed. She talked to some of them though. It was part of her job as Hux always reminded her. “Fifteen more minutes and I’ll be leaving.” Rey said to herself while checking the time on her watch. She was not a heavy drinker, only on occasions such as this. All she had was champagne. Rey's name was mentioned during the night a couple of times. People applauded her, recognizing she's a Kenobi and the owner of the Kenobi Brewery Company. Everyone for years referred to them as Coruscant's Royal Family. Could be because of their accents or lineage, who knows. Rey didn't cared about it anyways. With all the money and power she was still human. Lando Calrissian was also one of the guests. Rey and him spent the night talking about old times and business. He was a good friend of the Kenobi family and owed them a lot. He was hosting a social event next month and personally invited Rey to come over. This time wishing either Finn or Poe would accompany her. It was late, time for Rey to leave. Some guests were leaving with their companions, and the music already stopped meaning the event was over. It lasted four hours and she had an okay time. “Well, time for me to leave Mr. Calrissian. It was a pleasure talking to you. We should discuss business more often. Give my greetings to your family from my part.” “It was a pleasure talking to you too Rey. You’re not little Rey anymore but a grown business woman. How time flies! I bet your family would be proud of you.” “Thanks Mr. Lando. I'll see you soon!” Both shook hands and Rey proceeded to leave the reception room. It was already late and all she wanted was to go home. Another long night with people bragging about themselves, business and money. Typical. She then headed to the exit doors and her coat was given back to her. Rey put it on and went outside. It was cold so she adjusted her coat. Her driver was already waiting in front of the hotel. He quickly opened the car door for her and helped her to get in. There was many people leaving and traffic all over the place. "Where's the traffic police when you need them?" Rey said while fastening her seat belt. She wanted to know how everything went on with Finn, so Rey sent him a text message. Waiting for Finn to answer anytime, she looked out her window. The traffic continue on being a pain and no cops around. Her gaze changed when suddenly a tall young man was leaving the hotel hurriedly as if he didn't wanted to be seen by no one. He had a long grey coat and a black scarf he was adjusting. She saw when he took out a phone from his pocket and continued walking down the street. The then began moving slowly, as if almost they were following him. The man continued to walk with such a rush looking everywhere kind of nervously. Is he fleeing? Is he trying to hide, but from what or whom? Who knows. But Rey thought he was kind of handsome, and tall. She was fascinated by tall men. He then stopped on his tracks near a bar, The Cantina. He was checking on his phone, maybe texting his girlfriend , Rey though. "Oh c'mon..we better get moving. This traffic is not helping and this street is not the best at night either, sheesh." Rey's driver said while tapping his hands on the wheel. "What do you mean is not the best, Unkar?" She asked, still looking at the young man who was now rubbing his hands together from the cold and impatiently walking side by side. "There's criminals, drunk people picking up fights, male and female prostitution. That guy over there is an escort. Those people have no decency Miss Rey." An escort? Could that man be a male prostitute? "But still he doesn't look like one." "Trust me, miss. These streets are full of them. They like to extort women by sleeping with them, especially wealthy ones. Such a scum." A male escort. Young, tall and handsome. They like to 'extort' wealthy women by becoming their companions. It was true, such men have no decency but there was something different with this one. Rey started to build a crazy idea in her head. She needed a companion for these events, someone who she could mold with time. This man was the perfect candidate, Rey thought. "Unkar, go back. I need to talk to someone there." Rey ordered her driver determined to talk to this man in the street. "Are you serious? These people are no good, please ma'am don't get involved..- Rey immediately interrupted him. "Do as I say, now. Nothing is going to happen, I promise." Unkar didn't wanted to enraged his boss, so he turned the car around and head towards where the man was standing. Unkar parked the car in front of him. "Roll the window down, please." He did so. She wanted to talk to the man about her plans . Kylo noticed when the car stopped in front of him. Strange. He didn't had any more clients that he could remember that night. He then saw when the passenger window slowly began to roll down. What he saw next was going to be the biggest change of his life. Chapter 4 : You're hired "I-It is you" Kylo dumbfounded said to himself, not quite sure if he was heard. He couldn't believe it was her , the girl he saw at the hotel was now right in front of him. But what could she possible want with him? Does she even know what he does? His job? All these questions flashed through his mind. For a moment, Rey thought about her actions and what she intended to do. This was her opportunity to hire such a person. It is Now or never Rey , she though. Just be civilized and stay calm. After a brief moment, she opened the door getting out of the car. It was freezing out there so she adjusted the coat to cover herself from the cold. She then began walking towards the man who was just standing there with a curious look on his face. They were face to face now. Neither of the two saying anything yet, just looking at each other. Rey noticed he was very tall and had long wavy black hair that reached to his neck. He also had a pronounced nose and pale skin color. Kylo had the girl in front of him now. She really was beautiful indeed, with such delicate features. Not wasting more of his time he decided to make the first move and speak. Putting his throat to work. "Ahem. Uhm.. do you need something, miss?" "My name is Rey, Rey Kenobi. I-I don't know if you had heard my name before?" Rey couldn't believe she was talking to a mere stranger and it felt awkward. But she remembered her mission and if that's how it needed to be then so be it. Kylo remembered the social event at the Finalizer Hotel and the mention of a special guest. The name he saw two times written in the blackboard. Was she this person? "The special guest everyone talked so much about?" "Y-Yes. That's correct. Do they really talked about me that much?" "Just saw your name on a guest list, that's all." He then heard an Oh, coming from Rey's lips as a response. Kylo really needed to know what she wanted from him. "So what can I do for you, Miss Kenobi?" "Rey. Just call me Rey please." And it was true, she hated when everyone addressed her as Miss Kenobi. It felt unnecessary sometimes. "And you must be..?" "I'm Kylo Ren." "Kylo Ren.. alright. Such.. an interesting name." What kind of name was that she wondered. "So what do you do for a lifetime if..I may ask?" He put his hands inside his coat pockets looking down to the floor. Then, raising his head to look straight at her eyes he finally answered. "I'm a male escort." Still looking straight at her eyes. "I offer my sexual services in return for good payment. That's what I do for a living." Rey slowly nodded in response. Unkar told her the truth, about all these male prostitutes offering their services to wealthy women. "Kylo, would you be willing to work for me? Would you be my companion if I pay you?" His expression completely changed. He gave her a questioning look. "What do you mean to work for you?" He already had a job and good pay. Why would such a beautiful girl like her needed the company of a man like him? She could have all the men in the world instead of a gigolo. "I own an important company in this city, Mr. Ren. My life revolves around business and many social circles. As you see, I frequently attend social events but I need someone to accompany me to such things." Kylo began walking side by side giving it a thought. Phasma would surely get mad if he left the agency to work for Rey Kenobi. He then stopped, running his hand through his hair. "How much will I get paid for my services? And for how long? I worked for an agency at the moment and leaving it wil.."" "I'll leave that for you to choose, Kylo." Rey interrupting him said. "I wont give you an exact payment, but I know you'll serve me well. I will mold you and teach you the right ways of etiquette. You will have a staff to also help you in the meantime." She needed him and saw that he was the one who could do the job. "What do say, Kylo?" She was looking at the floor now, waiting for a response. If he said no Rey's efforts were in vain and also lost. She saw potential in this man. This was a recruitment on her part. She waited then for the worst. "I'll do it." Kylo meant it. He knew he was going to get better paid staying with the girl for a while. "I'll be your companion then, Rey." Rey sighed in relief after his answer. She wasn't expecting him to accept her offer but he did. "Then you're officially hired, Kylo." She casually extended her hand to shake his. He extended his back, both shaking their hands in agreement. " So uh, when do I start again?" Kylo asked Rey very curiously, scratching the back of his neck. "Tomorrow morning, at 10. I'll personally send my driver to pick you up in this same spot, and then take you to the manor." Rey turned around and started walking towards the car. Unkar opened the door for her. "Have a good night, Kylo. I'll see you tomorrow then." Rey said giving him a smile before getting in the car. And like that, she left. He had a new job, being Rey Kenobi's companion for a while. Would it be life changing, who knows. But this Kenobi woman was beginning to fascinate him somehow. It was late already and Kylo decided to walk to his apartment. Kylo's apartment was located in one of the worst neighborhoods of Coruscant. It had a horrible reputation but he had spent some years living around it. The place was full of thieves, murderers, and even traitors who spent their time snitching on others. Loud music could also be heard nearby, mostly with profanities in the lyrics. He paid a misery of rent, very typical of a place like that. While getting inside the building, he saw a couple going at each other. The wife holding a baby in her arms while yelling at the father for being an alcoholic and not providing anything to them. Sometimes it reminded him of his father, Han Solo. Back then, him and his mother experienced the same things. Both parents always yelling at each other in front of him ending with Han leaving the house with a bag. Kylo at least had his dog, Chewie. Him and Chewie could understand much more better. He really had a bad childhood with such a dysfunctional family. When he unlocked and opened the apartment's door, some small cockroaches quickly moved to the kitchen area hiding in the small wall holes. He then carelessly tossed the keys aside and removed his coat and scarf. He headed to the kitchen and opened the refrigerator to only find a small Chinese food box and a can of milk. He took the Chinese box to smell it. The smell it produced almost made him throw up. He discarded it afterwards with such a disgusted expression in his face. He then reached for the can of milk, opened it and did the same thing as before. It was expired from one week ago. The milk can was also discarded. He always spent his days mainly eating out. Thank goodness he still had a bag of nachos and began eating of it. He threw himself in the couch, which was all tore up, eating the nachos. "Rey Kenobi... I think I'm starting to like this girl." His 'new' boss was an interesting woman. Not only was she his boss now, but also a client. Well, that's how he saw it anyways. Tomorrow his life would change completely. A new job, perhaps better than working for Phasma and her agency. Speaking of Phasma, he needed to gave her a call about his plans. It was 2 am and shooting could be heard outside the complex, typical in the neighborhood. Kylo then fell asleep in his couch. Chapter 5 : You'll need a teacher That night, Rey still couldn't believe what just had happened. While heading to her chambers the thought of Kylo Ren came to her mind. A man she barely knew about who'd just accepted her offer with no problem whatsoever. What she did was risky, yes, but there was something fascinating about him that she couldn't figure out. Rey put her clutch aside and sat at the edge of the bed, removing her shoes. Finn needed to know about her plans and maybe also Poe, but was unsure about Hux. No way would Hux accept Kylo Ren if he knew the truth. Rey needed to start acting and fast. All of a sudden Finn messaged her back on how his event went great. He asked her about the social event in the Finalizer and Rey telling him that it was alright but too long. Still she wished he was there. "I did something you won't believe Finn.." Rey messaged back. "Uh oh, what happened?" "Come tomorrow at 12, we need to talk about something and someone." "Someone? Is everything alright Rey you're kind of worrying me.." True. Finn was her best friend and whenever something happened to her he would definitely become worried. "Just come tomorrow at 12 Finn, alright?" "Oh okay. I'll be there. But I'm still worried though!" "See you tomorrow then Finn. Have a good night." "You too, Rey" Rey then put the phone aside and walked towards the closet mirror. She opened it and began taking her dress off, then putting on a short nightgown. She hung her dress back into the closet and shut both doors. " What a night" , Rey thought. When getting in bed she stared at the ceiling thinking about tomorrow's meeting with Kylo again, and also Finn's reaction to all this idea. She turned around and quickly fell asleep. Next morning Kylo woke up and headed to the same spot he used to meet his clients. Rey Kenobi offered him a job which he accepted and they agreed to meet that day, at her residence. He thought on calling Phasma to tell her about this 'new' job, however if things didn't worked out with Rey Kenobi then things would go bad. Phasma would probably never accepted him back on the agency if something like that happened. He decided to keep it a secret until further notice. He then arrived at the spot, still no sight of last night driver. "Guess I'm too early then. They're never on time, such a luck." he said to himself. After a while, the car appeared and Unkar rolled the front passenger window down. "Kylo Ren. right? Get in the car, Miss Kenobi is expecting you." Unkar said unlocking the rear passenger door for Kylo to get in. Kylo walked towards the car, opened the door and got inside. The car began to move to its destination: the Kenobi manor. They passed a lot of luxurious homes, something he was not accustomed to see. He had offered his services to wealthy female clients before, but never at their homes. Meetings were mostly in motels or hotels. Some of these homes looked like palaces, different from the 'lovely' neighborhood where he lived at. Must be nice to live outside the noisy city of Coruscant, he thought. The car stopped at what it seemed to be the entrance of a house. Tall gates appeared in front of them with a visible insignia: K. "We're here, Mr. Ren." said Unkar while pressing the button of a beeper. The gates opening afterwards. "Welcome to the Kenobi manor." Kylo then realized they were there, finally. He moved forward just a little, still looking out the window while the car drove through a straight driveway. The surroundings were breathtaking. Sculptures surrounded the driveway that lead to the house. Then it came into view. The sight of an spectacular home. The car stopped in front of the residence. Unkar then got out of the car, and opened the door for Kylo to step out. "Thanks" Kylo said still amazed by such a sight. One house keeper came out of the house to greet him and show him were Rey was. "Good morning sir and welcome. Ms. Kenobi is already expecting you." So was she ?, Kylo thought. "Cool" "Follow me please." She walked ahead, he then followed still appreciating the surroundings. Rey was looking out of the window. She was in the studio expecting her visit. "He's here. Calm yourself Rey, relax." She couldn't understand why she was so nervous. There had been worse meetings before but this one was making her extra nervous. Rey immediately sat in her desk, straightening her posture to look more professional. Suddenly there was a bang at the door. "Come in" pretending she was revising some papers out. The house keeper properly made her entrance. "Miss, your guest is here. Should he come in?" Taking a deep breath Rey nodded as a response. The woman then gestured Kylo Ren to come in. He made his entrance and the house keeper closed the door behind him. He kept looking at his surroundings, barely acknowledging Rey was there too. Clearing her throat, "Good morning, Kylo. I'm glad you made it on time as we agreed ." "Oh Um..Sorry. My bad. Morning Ms. Rey." He walked towards her desk. Both greeted each other shaking hands. "Is just that this place is.. huge" "Is this the first time you've ever been in a place like this?" A curious Rey asked Kylo, both still standing. "To tell the truth, never. It's not part of my job to frequent places like this." Kylo then saw a picture of an old man hanging in one of the walls where the pool table was. The man looked like a very respectable person. Indeed he may have been. Noticing he was looking at the picture, Rey added "That was my grandfather, Obi Wan Kenobi, former lord of this house and founder of the Kenobi Brewery in Coruscant. He was deeply respected by many, fear by others. I really admired his courage and dedication." "I see." Kylo said turning to face her. "Now I know why he has such.. a refined and interesting granddaughter" He responded to her with his typical charm, looking directly into her hazel eyes. "He should be.. proud of you." Rey flushed at his words, hoping he didn't noticed. She also knew it was wrong. Kylo Ren was a male escort, while she was a business woman. A man like him and a woman like her would never in a million years happen. She just needed company, that's all. But still he had something that fascinated her. Clearing her voice again, she offered him to take a sit. He did so. His sitting posture was of a laid back position. "S-So, would you like something to drink before we began discussing matters?" Kylo wanted some water and Rey ordered the house keeper to bring him some. After doing so, she left them again, closing the doors after bringing him water. "Satisfied?" Asked Rey trying hard to sound cheery. "Pretty much" He responded, curving a side of his mouth into a subtle smile. She needed to stop staring at those lips, wrong thoughts passed through her mind again. This is his specialty and she was aware of it. Rey could not deny that he was good looking, but this was not the main reason she needed his help. "As you know my life revolves around trips, meetings, and social events.The reason I hired you was to be my side during such events, as a companion." "I don't know how such things work. I'm not familiarized with fancy high society events..-" "Which is why you'll need a teacher." Rey quickly added, putting her elbows on the desk. "And will be here in a couple of minutes" Kylo knew this girl wasn't to waste anyone's time. It was real, everything. "A teacher..? Who would that be?" Before Rey could answered, there was a knock on the door. "Ms. Kenobi, Mr. Finn is already here." "Let him in." The door suddenly opened and Finn stepped inside. Rey stood up and walked towards him. Grabbing Finn's arm tighly, "Meet your teacher, Mr. Ren." "What?" Finn didn't knew what was going on. Rey excused herself with Kylo before walking out the studio with Finn and closing the door behind her. "Okay Rey, what are you up to now? Yesterday you were acting all weird while texting me, and.. now this?" He crossed his arms with a questioning look on his features. Rey ran a hand through her loosen hair, thinking how will she convince Finn for the task. " He was the weird thing that happened to me yesterday. Finn, listen closely. You got to help me with him." "Who is he Rey?" "We can talk about that later, what matters now is that you help me by teaching him the right ways of etiquette and class..Please?" She gave Finn an urging look. They were like brother and sister, always being there for one another. After giving it a deep thought, Finn accepted her request. "Oh alright then. But don't think I will be this compliant forever!" Rey jumped to give him a hug. "Thank you, thank you Finny" She was happy that Finn will help her with Kylo. They turned back to the studio. Kylo was checking on a book from the shelves. He immediately put it back when both Rey and Finn stepped back inside. "Sorry I just saw some interesting books and wanted to check on them since you two were taking time" "Mr. Ren. I'm Finn your etiquette teacher. Rey talked to me about you.." Both Kylo and Rey exchanged quick glances, Rey trying to avoid his but as usual failing. She felt his stares somehow heated or seductive. "So she did.." Again looking at her. "When are we starting this...training anyways?" "Today. That is if you don't have any inconvenience." "No, not at all. We can start now, I got no problem. Anything for the lady." Rey wanted to smile at his remark, but fought the urge though. "Good-good! Said Rey walking to her desk and grabbing some documents. "I'll let you with Finn now, Kylo." Before leaving them be, Rey stopped on her tracks turning around. "Oh and Kylo?" "Yes Rey?" "Would you be also willing to move into this house, starting from today?" It was the craziest idea ever. She was asking Kylo Ren to move to live with her from now on. Kylo couldn't believe what she just asked. He cant stay in her house while serving as her companion. He was being offered a better life with better accommodations, something he never had before. Was this girl an angel? He truly began wondering about it. Why is she being so good with him? Never in his worthless life had he met such a wonderful person like her before. So pure. "I-I guess I could do that." He just accepted her offer of moving. "Thank you, Miss Rey." "No need to, Kylo." Rey gave him a smile and left. Chapter 6 : Your touch Kylo spent the entire afternoon having his first training lesson by Finn. So far the two men were getting along well. Finn started by analyzing the way Kylo behaved, dressed and even the way he talked to a person. He didn't asked Kylo about his job since Rey promised to tell him later about it. Finn was not only a makeup/beauty expert and a master of etiquette, but also a fashion guru. He thought on taking Kylo tomorrow on a shopping spree and get him a new hairstyle. Not that Kylo looked bad, but in order to impress and be Rey's partner during social events and trips he needed to look more polished. "We will continue tomorrow Mr. Ren. I have to get going now." Both then left Rey's studio. "What will be tomorrow's lesson again?" "Um, well it wont be an all day lesson. You will need new clothes." Kylo took a look at his clothes, "What's.. wrong with them?" "Nothing wrong, but you will need more than that. Remember Mr. Ren, you will be accompanying Rey to many functions. People over there can be uh judgmental." From what he learned so far Kylo thought the job wont be that easy. This guy Finn knows what he's doing and if Rey trusted him to help him then so be it. In reality Kylo wanted a change in his life, and this was certainly one. Before Finn could leave, Rey was descending the stairs to meet them, wearing a fitted red maxi dress which accentuated her curves. She was wore her hair down, styled in soft waves and had minimal makeup. The way her hips moved when she walked made Kylo go crazy. He then erased all thoughts from his mind. He remembered his real mission after all. "How did it went?" Rey asked both men. "For a starter he did pretty good. But, tomorrow I will take him shopping for new clothes. If you don't mind that is.." Rey smiled at both men while crossing her arms. "I don't mind. I'll leave everything to you Finn!" "Okay good." Finn looked at his watch. "Gotta run! I'll see you both tomorrow then!" Rey accompanied him to the door and shut it behind him. She then turned to face Kylo again. "Are you alright?" Rey asked Kylo trying to start conversation with her new housemate. He was again giving her that look that made her nervous, but at the same time burning inside of her. "Yeah, sure I'm fine. Are you?" He also asked her. She nodded in response. "So! Let me show you where will you be sleeping tonight, and from now on." Rey then walked ahead, with Kylo then following her. She led him to a long corridor. He was amazed by such an enormous house. It seemed like the corridor didn't had an end. "This over here is my room.. in case you need anything." They proceeded on walking until she made a stop. He almost crashed with her thanking the gods he stopped in time. He could smell her perfume, it was that of a tropical mist. Many of his female clients had the same perfume smell, but Rey's was different. Rey then stopped on her tracks, Kylo almost crashed with her thanking the gods he stopped in time. She then opened the door to what it seemed like a big room. "This will be your new room." She gestured Kylo to get inside, and he did so. He began turning around, watching all the surroundings this room provided. It was very spacious, suited for a man. The walls were painted light grey. It had two huge windows, and a full size bed. The bed had satin blue covers and a elegant headboard. The room was furnished with antique furniture, not cheap though. In one of the corners, there was a sofa and two chairs. Rey then got inside the room. Kylo to look around the room. "This room used to be my grandfather's. He was the only one who occupied it, until his death. I personally picked this room for you, Kylo." "You this all for me? How will I repay you?" He really wondered why would someone be this good to him. He didn't deserved what she was doing for him. Not at all. He had a past that wasn't pleasant to hear at all. She was truly an angel, Kylo thought. Rey walked towards the sofa in the corner of the room. She began arranging some misplaced pillows. She then turn at him, smiling. "Because I need you, Kylo." Did she just said that? Rey couldn't believe what she had just said. "You don't need to repay me at all. So far you have what I was looking for in a companion." "I don't think I deserve all you're doing for me, Rey. No one has been this condescending with me before.. You, a business woman." "Do you have a family, Kylo?" She really wanted to know more about him. This man fascinated her so much. Kylo turned and walked towards the bed, sitting on its edge. Joining his two hands together, he let out a small shaky breath. Rey saw how his mood changed, wanting to sit by his side and comfort him. He really hated talking about his past to people, but Rey was different in this case. He thought talking to her freely. Clearing his throat, Kylo then decided to tell her more. "I still have a mother. My father died before I started college. He.. was an alcoholic and never helped my mother with providing us. We had a lot of economical problems." Rey slowly took a sit in one of the chairs close to him, still listening. "My uncle used to help us until he got married. He helped by the first two years with my college enrollment. I dropped after I couldn't afford it anymore.." He continued to breath in shakily. Rey had a sad look in her eyes while listening to him. She spent her whole life living in luxury and privileges while people like Kylo spent days probably with nothing to eat. "Then in order to help my mother I took on the male escort job, and here I am. Sadly she doesn't talk to me ever since." It was true. His mother, Leia Solo, didn't wanted nothing to do with him after he became a gigolo . Kylo couldn't blame her though. "I'm sorry." Rey still had a compassionate look in her eyes. This man had a very rough life it seems. She wanted to hug him so bad and to feel the sensation of his hair glossy through her fingers. "This pain wont go away.. I now follow my own path, Rey." She reached through his hands and placed hers on top of his. "But things will change, and for the better Kylo." "Thanks" Her hands were still on top of his. When she was about to retrieve them he quickly grabbed them by the wrists. They both stared at each other for a moment. He then studied her features. Those hazel eyes, fine nose, defined lips. He noticed how her neck and collarbones were somewhat elegant. Kylo had her this close. He had the desire to taste those lips but he knew it cant be. It was impossible. "Kylo..?" Rey had a questioning look on her face. He then let go of her wrists again clearing his throat. "Sorry.." Still looking at her. "N-No it's fine" Quickly rising from the chair, Rey then walked to another door. She then opened it. "Here's the bathroom. While you were with Finn I ordered the keepers to replace the old towels." He then stood up and head towards the bathroom. It had a normal tub, shower and it was also spacious. "I'll need to get back to my apartment and pick some things up." "I'll tell Unkar to take you then. I'll wait for you to have dinner together." They both walked out of the room and headed downstairs. Rey still feeling the sensation of his strong hands grabbing her wrists. She liked his touch, the way he looks at her... Kylo the left with Unkar back to his apartment. He recalled the moment again. Her hands were delicate and soft. How would they feel in his own skin, Kylo wondered. Chapter 7 : Kiss of Fire Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo and Rey were having dinner together. It was his first night staying in the Kenobi manor. They were having Italian Sausage Tortellini served with some garlic bread. Rey was drinking white wine while Kylo had water only. He was really hungry, devouring the contents of his plate. "Have you ever ate this much food before?" Rey asked drinking from her glass. Kylo picked a piece of bread and took a bite of it. "Not in a while" He answered, having his mouth full. "I don't have time to eat while working. I'm supposed to stay in the same spot. Agency rules you know." "I see now. However, I don't think it's fair. Very inhumane from their part if you ask me." Kylo shrugged, taking a drink of water and wiping his mouth with a napkin. "You get used to it." The plate was left empty. The remaining bread was eaten by him too. "Sometimes I miss my mom's cooking. It was special. Whenever I wanted my favorite food she would make it anytime." Before Kylo could say something else the housekeeper suddenly came into sight. "Excuse me miss, Poe Dameron is on the line and needs to speak to you." Rey nodded, taking another drink of wine. "Tell him I'll be there in a moment." Walking her way out, Rey stopped halfway. "I'll see you tomorrow, Kylo. If you need anything please tell us." Also getting on his feet, he walked towards her. "Thanks, Rey. Don't worry about me. Sleep tight." "You too, Kylo. Rest well." Said Rey with a shy smile. She made her exit heading to the studio. Kylo stood there, alone in the dining hall. He immediately got the phone out to find four missed calls; two from Phasma and two from Mrs. Snoke. "Shit." He ran his hand through his hair and made his way out. Kylo didn't wish to out Rey in any trouble. Phasma could be capable of anything that's for sure, and Mrs. Snoke was extremely persistent. Inside the room, he grabbed a bag from the floor. He carelessly tossed it on the bed. It had some of the things he collected from his apartment. Kylo needed to think of what to say to Phasma, and fast. Getting in the bathroom, he turned on the shower. He noticed it haven't been turned on since a long time. The last person to do so probably was Mr. Kenobi, years ago. For Kylo, that wasn't an issue. He jumped inside allowing the warm water pound on his body. The water felt great, not cold like the one from his home. This was bearable. Rey came into his mind. The thought of her joining him at that moment. Pressing her body against his while passionately kissing her. To see her fall apart and crumble in his arms. No doubt that he desired Rey. Unfortunately, a woman like Rey deserved better than a low life male escort. She was destined to marry into high class. Turning the shower off he wrapped a towel around his waist and made his way out. Picking up his phone, he checked for any other missed calls or messages. A few water droplets slid down his toned body and phone's screen. He put on a pair of sweatpants and went to bed, remaining shirtless. Tomorrow he would continue his lessons with Finn. He was a nice guy but very mannered. Kylo wondered if Rey was fine. Her room was not that far. It was all too quiet in that house. Very different from the noise outside his home. Tiredness beat him up following by falling asleep. Rey woke up early that morning. She could barely sleep last night thinking about the new house occupant. Why was this man so appealing to her? The intensity of his gaze made her legs feel weak and wobbly. Those mysterious dark eyes, deep voice, his lips... Again deranged thoughts crossed Rey's mind. After getting ready for the day she went downstairs for breakfast. Rey's heart almost jumped out of her chest when noticing Kylo was already there, sitting at the dining table. It seems he was having coffee. However, Rey saw a plate of ham steak with eggs untouched placed by his side. "Well! I see someone beat me up this morning." Rey said in a playful tone as she entered the hall. Kylo then got on his feet to properly greet her, gently taking her left hand. He brought it to his lips and kissed it. "Good morning to you too, Rey." Kylo said in his deep charming voice. Rey blushed after such gesture. It was the first time he came in contact with her skin, leaving a burning sensation on her wrist. "Thank you, Kylo." They both sat at the table. "I arrived here a couple of minutes ago thinking you were expecting me. Guess I was wrong." Kylo said letting out a chuckle. Rey smiled, still resisting that gaze of his. "I really had a bad night, couldn't get some sleep." Kylo's expression changed to a concern one. "How come?" "Stress" Rey lied, "and some difficulties in the company. But it happens frequently." "You're too young to be dealing with stress, Rey. Take it easy, relax. " The last word sounding deep. The housekeeper entered the hall bringing Rey's breakfast and coffee in a tray. "You haven't touched your plate, Kylo." Rey said with a worrying tone. "Well, I just thought it was the right way to wait for you and eat together. Putting to practice what Finn taught me yesterday." Rey laughed after hearing the last sentence. Such a beautiful laugh , Kylo thought. One of the things he enjoyed the most was making women laugh. "Finn is very strict sometimes. He likes to get the job done." They started eating their breakfast and continued chatting. "You haven't told me yet; how did you spend the night?" Kylo straightened in the chair with fork and knife in hand. "So far good. A very a quiet house at night, though. Consider that as my only complaint. " He chuckled. Rey thought he had a great smile. It was radiant, even under a layer of hidden emotions on that face. "I'll take that into consideration then!" They both laughed. Kylo really enjoyed her company, a feeling he craved for a very long time. "By the way in two days, you'll be accompanying me to your first social event. I'm not sure if Finn already told you about it?" Kylo shrugged. "No, he hasn't. I mean he speaks too much, but no mention of it. Where is it going to be?" "It will be held on Naboo, just a few miles from Coruscant. I'm still debating whether we fly there on a jet ." "A jet? You have your own plane?" A surprised Kylo asked Rey. "Well...yes. It used to belong to my parents first. I prefer traveling on commercial flights, but to get on time I take the jet instead." "So we might take a plane then. Is it safer than driving?" "Why do you ask? Don't tell me you're scared of flying?" Kylo has never traveled on an airplane before. He remembered the times his parents took him by car to visit nearby states. One of the few happy times they had as a family together. Sadly, moments like that would never come back. "Actually, it will be my first time. Should I be?" The whole thing made him nervous. What if they crash on their way to Naboo? He couldn't bear the thought of it and blocked those feelings away, momentarily. "You'll get used to it." After they finished their breakfast, Kylo and Rey walked out of the dining room. Finn was expected to arrive an hour later. They still had some more time to spend together. All of a sudden Rey had an idea. "Would you like to see the rose field?" Rey wanted to take him to the Kenobi red rose field, located on their property. Obi Wan Kenobi was a gardening enthusiast something Rey also inherited. The place became a distraction like some sort of another world. Whenever she felt sad or lonely, Rey would go there, away from drama. "Sure, let's go there." Kylo agreed, but not before offering his arm to her. Rey took his arm hesitantly, both making their way to the rose field. Heading towards their destination, Rey and Kylo walked freely through a path that would take them there. He was surrounded by the beauty of nature. Seeing they were almost there, Rey then walked ahead. "We're here. Let's go!" Kylo hurried after her. There it was, the Kenobi field of red roses. Dozens of them magnificently showing everywhere. Already there, Rey began walking through it. As Kylo also walked behind, he thought it was paradise. Nothing could compare to such amazing sight. As he was about to touch a rose, Rey warned him. "Be very careful with the thorns." Rey carefully drew one within the reach of her nose. It had a pleasant smell, almost as if seductive. Kylo kept staring at the girl who was just standing there. He had the urge to touch her, feel her skin on his fingertips. "So, what do you think?" Rey asked, interrupting his thoughts. "I-I like it. Bet it Mr. Kenobi some time to work on this." Kylo said with both hands on his hips. Rey smiled. "He had a staff of people you know. About thirty-five staff members in total. I used to play on these fields." Kylo moved closer to her. "Memories, I see. Too bad those won't come around anymore. I feel it too." She gave him a curious look. "Kylo, I think we're so alike. My life has suffered from loneliness and attention." Rey turned to look at another direction, not meeting his gaze this time. He felt compassion for her. Having being born into a high social status and still couldn't found happiness. "You're not alone, Rey. There are people that care about you. But me? I'm just a character who was born into the wrong world." Kylo turned his back on her. "That's all I am." "That's not true! I.." Tears began forming in her hazel eyes, making Kylo turn around. He gently cupped her chin lifting her face. They stare at each others eyes, faces a few inches apart. Not giving any answers back, Kylo pulled Rey up to him and kissed her. They explored each other's lips, as their kissing intensified. Rey, hanging now by his neck, felt the kiss was like fire. It was deeply consuming her inside. He was kissing her with more strength now, making the blood in his veins stir up. Kylo wanted her, period. She tasted sweet, like honey. Rey then broke the kiss, gasping for air. "We..we can't.. This is ...wrong." Kylo took her face in his hands, staring wildly at her. Rey's lips were swollen, something that made him somewhat proud. "I know you want me, Rey... More as I do too. Don't fight it." "No.. it's all a mistake. We.." Her phone suddenly rang. He then let go of her. A disappointed expression appearing in his hard features. "It's Finn." Still breathing hard. "He's here already." She began walking back to the house. "Rey..." Kylo called back at her, running a hand through his hair. Seeing she wasn't stopping nor responding, he didn't had any other option but to follow her slowly. That kiss... Notes: Finally, I updated! So things are getting heated with Kylo and Rey, they can't hide it anymore. Expect some sm__ in the next chapters. Thanks for reading! Chapter 8 : An unbroken promise Finn arrived at Rey's home six minutes earlier than expected. He was known for not being on time, but today it was an exception. He was taking Kylo to get a couple of new suits. This Kylo guy had some sort of experience especially on how to charm a woman. Finn wondered why? Also, what was Rey hiding from him? She owed him some explanation for sure. Apparently she was at the rose fields with Kylo, showing him around. He began pacing back and forth waiting for them impatiently until Rey came into sight looking agitated and somewhat nervous. Then, he saw Kylo walking a few feet behind her in no rush, rubbing a hand over his face and back of his neck. They were both looking strange almost as if something happened back there. When Finn expected her to greet him she walked hurriedly past him. Before getting inside Rey turned around, still panting agitated. Finn noticed she was staring at Kylo who also stared back at her with arms crossed. "I hope...you two enjoy your day," Rey said breathing more calmly. "Mr. Ren, I'll see you at dinner." Finn looked at both. There was some tension going on between both. "I know," Kylo answered. Then another awkward silence came. "Uh, is there something wrong Rey?" Finn asked worriedly. "We'll talk another time Finn. I'm very busy for today." Rey walked inside the house leaving Finn and Kylo alone. "She's acting weird today, don't you think?" Of course she was, he kissed her. Held her so close and tight to his body while tasting her. How much he wanted to see her fall apart under his arms. The thought of it made him go crazy. "I haven't noticed anything." Kylo lied. "Perhaps it's stress." "Yeah, you could be right," Finn said brushing it off. "Now, we should get going. Unkar will take us there." They both got into the car and closed the doors. "So where are we going first?" Kylo asked giving a quick glance back at the house trying to see if she could be somewhere. "We'll go to a tailoring shop to get your measurements. Don't worry it will be quick. Also, you'll get a new haircut." "A haircut? But why?" "It's called a makeover Mr. Ren. Besides, a new haircut will benefit you, trust me here." Kylo shrugged. Finn continued talking to him but Kylo wasn't really following. His thoughts were still with Rey and only her. As the car began moving, Rey watched from a nearby window. She placed two fingers on her lips. That kiss... It was so mesmerizing, so consuming. It was her first one and it felt like forever. The way he held her in his strong arms, feeling his warmth. Rey expected more, wanted more from him.. From Kylo Ren. She then walked over to her desk and sat down. There were some papers scattered to revise, but the thought of him wasn't helping. "What am I going to do when he comes back? Should I act normal as if nothing happened?" Rey asked herself, putting both hands on her temples. What to do... Phasma was trying to reach Kylo but he was nowhere to be found. Yesterday, she called him and messaged him a couple of times with no luck whatsoever. He was her employer and one of the best in the agency so far. It was the first time something like this happens. " Where the hell could he be ?" She wondered. Suddenly the phone office started ringing, expression tightened up. It could probably be Kylo , she thought. Slowly reaching for the phone she answered it. "Phasma here." "I know where Kylo Ren is..." a mysterious voice said. "What? Who's speaking?" Phasma asked sitting straight up in her chair. "Does it really matter? "To me it does. You could frame us easily so I'm not taking any chances." There was a brief pause. "My name is Unkar. I've been driving lately your dearest employer for a while now." "Okay... you got my attention." She searched with her eyes everywhere making sure nobody was listening. "Tell me where he is, or would you like to meet somewhere?" Phasma offered him. "I have to hang up now. Let's meet then because I'm sure you might want to hear more details ." She didn't fully trusted this man, but if it's about Kylo then it was worth the risk. "Tomorrow, at 7:30 in the Cantina Bar. Ask for Phasma. But let me warn you, Mr. Unkar. Don't try to make a fool out of me or you'll be sorry." Her menacing voice piercing his ears through the phone. "Don't worry.. I'm a man of words," Unkar reassured her. "Have a nice day, Mrs. Phasma." She then hung up, remaining pensive in her chair. This Unkar guy knew Kylo's whereabouts and was apparently his driver too. Why would Kylo be hanging with him? What was he hiding from her? Too many questions Phasma had in mind. One thing for sure, Kylo must come with a valid excuse for his absence. Phasma was capable of anything and he knew it. She would take precaution for this meeting tomorrow night, even if it takes to kill. That evening, Finn and Kylo were back at the house. Kylo got a couple of new suits and a hair trim. Finn thought he looked fine with long hair, so he ordered the hairstylist not cut too much hair. The housekeepers appeared, helping Kylo with the bags to take them upstairs. These type of humble gestures made him feel uncomfortable. He wasn't used to be served like this. He then wondered about Rey. She was going to wait for him and have dinner together. He spent the entire afternoon thinking about her, about that moment and how good it felt. There was no sight of her anywhere the house. "Rey, we're here!" Finn called for her. "She must be in her studio, as usual." Seeing no response Finn called her again. "Rey!" A few footsteps could be heard behind them, both Kylo and Finn turning around. Rey then came into sight. "There's no need to be so loud Finn." She began descending the stairs slowly. Kylo's heart jumped as he froze when he saw her. She looked lovely, wearing a casual white knee length dress that matched perfectly with her beige skin. Her hair was styled in a loose braid that harkened back to medieval times. "Well, sorry. Next time try being close then?" Turning to Kylo and pointing at him. "Do you notice something new?" Finn walked a few steps away from both Rey and Kylo. Rey looked at Kylo shyly with those soft hazel eyes. She needed to hold her gaze when facing him, especially after what happened that morning. "I-I see you got a new haircut." Kylo then gave her a quick nod. "Just a quick trim. Finn thought it wasn't necessary to give me a new hairstyle." His eyes looked like burnished gold as he gazed into hers, making Rey's breath intensify. How he wished Finn wasn't there. He would have kissed her again, no doubt. "True, I think he looks great with longer hair" Finn added, now moving to Rey's side. "Mr. Ren is becoming quite a gentleman." Rey was still trying to hold ger gaze. "Great! In two days we will be attending the Calrissian's social event. It seems you'll be ready for the occasion, Kylo." "It seems he already is!" Finn then glanced at his watch "Oh, look at the time! I got to run now." Rey walked him to the door as usual. "Remember we still need to talk about you know whom.." Making sure Kylo wasn't hearing. Rey gave a nod. "Yes, we will but not here not now." "Alright, alright. Whatever you say." Before Finn could make his way out he looked at Kylo. "See you tomorrow, Mr. Ren" Kylo then waved back at him and watched as Finn left. Rey carefully shut the door. When she turned around Kylo was already standing in front of her; face to face. Their bodies just mere inches from each other. She was standing with her back against the door looking up at him in confusion, but at the same time intrigued. "W-what's wrong?" She asked nervously. Kylo met her eyes, then her lips. He had her so close again. "Nothing.. I think you look beautiful tonight." She could feel his warm breath on her face. "Kylo... you know we can't. What happened in the rose fields was a mistake and-" "You kissed me back. You enjoyed it as much as I did Rey." He gently took her face with both his hands as if she was a delicate object. "We're attracted to each other... Am I right aren't I?" Rey grabbed both his hands and slowly removed them from her face. She then walked out of his way. Kylo dropped his head forward clearly in disappointment. "Kylo, this was not part of the deal. You and I are not supposed to fall in love nor be a couple." "But what if we do fall in love? He asked walking in her direction. "If it happens, what could we do then?" "Please, don't do this to me... Let's forget about that kiss and focus on what really matters now." Rey was practically begging, placing a hand on his shoulder. "Promise that you will not fall in love...with me." She was right, it was utterly ridiculous to pretend she would ever fall for him, a male escort. He had no chance with such a wonderful woman either. It was for the best to forget about such delusional ideas. "I promise" "Good" Rey murmured pretending it didn't hurt her. She turned towards the dining room, gesturing him to follow. "Let's have some dinner now and continue discussing abot Saturday's event. Shall we?" Stuffing his hands in his pockets he nodded. No matter what, he couldn't break that promise. A promise he didn't only made to Rey, but to himself too. It will make him a total hypocrite if he was to break it. Why waste his time pursuing on a girl that will never return his feelings? His life was full of wonders. Silence roamed around as they entered the dining room. At dinner, they had trouble finding words to say. There were some awkward moments of silence. In one occasion, both laughed at nothing special. Rey told Kylo a little bit about who was Lando Calrissian, his business, and what he meant for the Kenobi family. She also told him the importance of attending events. What circles ran around them. Even thought he was listening he couldn't stop staring at her nicely exposed collarbones and shoulders. If only he could caress her. "One of the topics we need to avoid are politics. It's considered unprofessional and inappropriate." Rey took a drink of her red wine. Finn was doing his job right as she saw Kylo improving on his table manners. "Hmmm, could care less about politics... Anything else I should know?" He asked taking a bite of his spaghetti. "Yes. You will be using your real name." Kylo almost choked on his food. His real name didn't exist anymore. It meant nothing to him; just dark memories. "I'm sorry but I can't do that." "Why not?" Rey asked putting down her glass of wine. "You haven't told me your real name yet, haven't you?" "No. It's a name that should remain in the past. It brought me suffering and grief. I can't, sorry." His hands began trembling, something that Rey noticed too. The misery he lived as a child with his mother kept tormenting him. He never forgave his father for what he did to them. He abandoned them many times when both Leia and Kylo needed him the most. Drinking was his number one priority. All the money was invested in alcohol while they went for days without anything to eat. Kylo felt abandonment his entire life, especially from his family. Nobody has never supported him, or even acknowledged him. His 'special' job was all he had left. Rey reached across the table placing her hand on top of his. He was still trembling. "Kylo, it's okay." "No, I'm just fine." He said trying to brush it off. Her touch felt warm and soft on his skin. "You don't have to use it if it brings such bad memo-" "I'll use it. My real name" A determined Kylo said. "Enough of running from it, from the past, from everything." Rey didn't know what to say. She was indeed curious to know Kylo's real name. "What's your real name?" She finally asked him. "Ben, Ben Solo." Kylo answered, gazing deeply into her eyes. He has never revealed his name to anyone; only Rey so far. "Ben Solo... very interesting name." Rey withdrew her hand from his. They both remained silent for a while. Kylo couldn't finish his food at all. She felt compassion towards him but also an undeniable attraction. The last one bein completely wrong. Together they walked out of the dining room and head upstairs. They stopped in front of Rey's room. Before she could get inside, she wished him a good night. "If you need anything just knock, alright?" Then without expecting it, Kylo hesitantly gave her a gentle kiss on her cheek and hand. "Good night, Rey." He proceeded to walk towards his room leaving a dumbfounded Rey behind. In one single day, Kylo kissed her twice. As she entered her room she threw herself on the bed. Staring at the ceiling, Rey recoiled their passionate kiss in the rose fields that morning. Was that kiss an indication of something? Why couldn't she forget about it? Her cheeks flooded red thinking about it. The sensation of his lips on hers was very tantalizing. "Stop, just stop Rey! We made a promise to each other that can't be unbroken... It will never happen again, ever..." Chapter 9 : What about our promise? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe Dameron woke up that morning very tired and sluggish. A throbbing pulsating pain in his lower back was making him feel uncomfortable. It has been tough days serving on behalf of clients who were mainly celebrities. Being a publicist required on managing public relations functions such as other types of campaigns. Some of his celebrity clients barely listened to his counseling making him, in the end, to dump them. At least Rey Kenobi was different. So far she had never experienced any type of scandals that he could be aware of. Rey listened to his advice and let him do the job. He made a huge effort getting out of bed, putting his fists on his lower back while he stretched. Poe lived at the heart of the city of Coruscant, near the University Hospital. The apartment was very spacious and modern. Some people would say that he had a privileged life, but in reality, he had worked hard for his own success. When started getting ready for work, he turned on the t.v. and switched to the news channel. He was only interested in the entertainment news section. He walked into the kitchen to prepare himself a cup of coffee. There were a number of magazine articles scattered around the kitchen table. The majority of highly known people in Coruscant, and others from actors and singers. Poe began reviewing some of them while the coffee maker started to make hissing sounds in the background. There was one article that caught his attention titled The Private Fortune of Mr. Snoke . His own fortune was greater than even before owning numerous banks around New York, outside of Coruscant. According to the article, his wife Mrs. Snoke was very supportive. She left delightful comments on him like the perfect wife she called herself. They were a childless couple however that wasn't an obstacle to their marriage. Mrs. Snoke was described by her husband as compassionate, loyal and modest. "What a bunch of rubbish..," Poe thought tossing aside the sheet. He knew Mrs. Snoke wasn't the perfect wife as many believed. It was obvious that she was a golddigger and had many lovers. After pouring himself some coffee suddenly the news reporter changed the subject, nearly making Poe drop his coffee mug. "In other news, Coruscant's wealthiest brewery owner Rey Kenobi is apparently dating someone from a lower class background. According to an unknown source, the relationship will damage her personal business as of her reputation. If the rumors are confirmed true, the Kenobi name could be ruined by such scandal." The news reporter then switched to another topic. Poe remained shocked and dumbfounded afterward. He just couldn't believe it. Rey was not the type of person to be involved in any type of scandal. The Kenobis were a scandal-free family. What the hell is she thinking? Is she even aware of the consequences this could bring? One thing was for sure, Poe needed to investigate this rumor as soon as possible. He immediately grabbed his phone and dialed Rey's phone number. "C'mon Rey.. pick up.." Nobody was answering and Poe then hung up. Pulling his coat from the chair and grabbing the keys from the counter, he decided to go to her house. While driving there, he tried again calling. Still no answer. Then an incoming call appeared on his phone. It wasn't Rey, but either way, Poe answered it. "Hello?" "Hello, Mr. Dameron! This is the Coruscant Enquirer calling." The Coruscant Enquirer was one of the most popular gossip magazines in all Coruscant. He already suspected the reason for their call. He then went ahead. "Yes? How can I help?" Poe asked also focusing on the road. "Mr. Dameron, we're calling to get some details on the recent news with your client Rey Kenobi. Is it true that she's dating a.... nobody? Someone unknown in the celebrity world?" He needed to lie in order to protect his client's well being. The Coruscant Enquirer had written false stories on many people. With his words, though, he needed to be extremely careful. "I'm truly sorry. So far I'm not aware of anything involving Miss Kenobi. I think she would have consulted me first, don't you guys think?" And it was true. Rey would have told him so first. "Hmm true, true. Well, we're not taking more of your time then. We may be contacting you again soon. Thanks for your time!" Before Poe could say anything else they hung up. He was almost close to Rey's home. Suddenly his cell phone rang in his hand again. It was another unknown call. Sighing, he answered it. "Poe Dameron, how can I help you?" "Good Morning Mr. Dameron. This is the Hosnian Prime magazine calling on the Rey Kenobi recent gossip news..." Poe knew this was going to be a long day. All these writers and entertainment reporters were at it. They needed to sell even if it took going to certain extremes. The only person who could clear things out is Rey. "A true gentleman must consider many things, Mr. Ren. You must make a good first impression during meetings and social events." Finn and Kylo were having an etiquette lesson in the living room that morning. Kylo was once again under his guidance. The living room had a classic and yet glamorous style. It had expensive furniture imported from Alderaan and a huge marble fireplace. "Tomorrow is the event. You must show what've you learned so far." "I feel that I'm ready. Everything I've learned during these few days has helped me a lot. But to be honest, every time I think about it I get anxious." Kylo admitted. He has never taken part in such activities before. "You will do fine. Yes, it's normal to feel pressure but so far you have impressed me." Finn couldn't deny that Kylo had already some experience. Rey still owed him an explanation about Kylo though. "Now let's move on to the next lesson." Finn stood up and walked towards the door. "Let's pretend that I'm Rey, your partner for the night, and I approach a closed door. What would you do?" Kylo immediately got on his feet and opened the door for Finn. He then held the door letting Finn enter or exit first. "Good Kylo, good!" Finn gave him a thumbs up. "Alright, next. When walking together you're supposed to offer your.." "I'll offer my arm to her," said Kylo awkwardly offering his arm to his teacher and Finn taking it. "Excellent." After having the lesson in the living room, they moved on to the dining room. Finn wanted to evaluate Kylo's table manners. He was impressed so far with his pupil. Kylo also took lessons on how to hold correctly different types of wine and champagne glasses. These drinks were mainly consumed at these events. Kylo was holding a glass of wine by the stem observing it curiously. "Rey told me to be careful about discussing politics with guests. Apparently is inappropriate." "Actually, it's true" Finn replied. "But also religion." "I see." Kylo then put the glass of wine down. "How long you two have known each other?" "Me and Rey?" Finn sighed, leaning his back against the chair. "Well, for a couple of years now. She was in college back then and was asked to take part in a photo shoot. I met her the day of that photo shoot." Kylo seemed interested. He wanted to know more about Rey, the girl who was making his head go crazy. But then he thought about the promise he made her. He was not going to fall in love with her and he couldn't either. "I bet that was the time she lost her parents, right?" Finn nodded in response crossing his arms. "She believes their death was all her fault. That she could have prevented it. Sometimes one can think Rey is toughly dealing with difficult situations, but that's not completely true." "Sorry, but I digress Finn." He knew Rey was not weak compared to other women he had known. "She strikes me as a strong willed woman. That kind of attitude attracts me in a certain way... too." He gasped realizing what he just said. He then looked at Finn who had a shocked expression on his face. "Y-You're attracted to Rey?" Before Kylo could say anything back the doorbell in the main door rang. One of the housekeepers went to answer it. Someone quickly got inside the house with the housekeeper following. "I came to speak with Rey, is she here?" The strange visitor said looking somewhat nervous. The door to Rey's studio opened and the man entered. "Who..." Kylo asked Finn who was already standing up. "Oh, that's Poe Dameron. Rey's publicist and close friend. All they talk about is business topics, no fun." He's very handsome too , Finn thought. "Let's check out your suit for tomorrow." They walked out of the dining room to Kylo's room. He needed to try on his new suit for the Calrissian party tomorrow. So Rey's publicist eh... Rey received Poe with a warm hug. He was not only her publicist but also like a big brother figure. They've known each other for a couple of years now, after the death of her parents. He quickly took a seat in front of her desk while she sat too. Poe had a worried expression on his face making Rey feel uncomfortable. When she asked him for anything to drink he wanted nothing, just to talk to her about a "small" situation. "How can I help you today, Poe?" Rey asked him while turning around in her chair to look at him. Her desk was a mess, too many papers and other rubbish. A tensed Poe sighed. He wanted to make sure Rey wasn't hiding any scandal from him that the press could use against her. "Rey, there's something involving you and I need some confirmation." She began organizing the desk and her paperwork. "You're starting to worry me. Please tell me what's going on?" "Did you see the news today?" She let out a small laugh. "You know I don't watch t.v nor care about it." The desk looked way better now that Rey organized it. "Do you trust me as much as I do?" He stood up and walked towards the window not facing her anymore. "If you do you'll tell me the truth." Rey's expression changed. Her heart began beating strongly in her chest. "But what truth you want? I don't need to lie, Poe. I-" "Is it true that you're dating someone with a bad reputation ?" Poe turned to face her. "That's the small situation I'm curious to know about." No. It can't be. But how? Who could have done such a thing? Rey had never lied, but in this case, she'll have to do so to protect Kylo from the press and even from Poe. Someone close to her was giving details about her and Kylo. Finn would never betray her that's for sure and he also didn't know yet about Kylo's real identity and past as a male escort. The only people left were the house's employees. Either way, she trusted them since she was a little girl. With a firm voice, Rey decided to lie to Poe. "I'm dating someone but not the person you think or they say. He accompanies me to events. You'll meet him later on, I assure you that. Whoever is trying to stain my name or my family's is doing a bad job." Poe then returned to his chair looking more relaxed. "Four magazine companies called me today, and others I didn't answer their calls." His phone then began ringing again. "It's another one calling me." Things were getting out of control it seems. Rey only had until today to complete Kylo's lessons. Thank goodness, at least, he accepted to use his real birth name. It was not going to be Kylo Ren, but Ben Solo. "Just tell them the truth, that I am dating someone in private. However, he does has a good reputation." "Can I know his name? Just in case, I would have to reveal it later." Damn it. Poe was at it again. Should she tell him, or just pretend she didn't listen? Think Rey, think! Too late. "Ben Solo." "Never heard of that name.." Poe seemed pensive. Rey got up her chair and walked towards Poe pretending to be calm. "Like I said, you will meet him later! Now go and deal with those people so those lousy rumors vanish." "Alright, I will. Just be careful Rey. These people have no mercy. I know it from experience." Both agreed to work on the dilemma with the press. After Poe left, she decided to go for a jog. Rey was nervous. If everyone knew what Kylo's job is her company would be affected by it. Kylo and Finn were on their daily lessons so she didn't want to bother them. Rey went to her room and changed into her jogging gear. It was time to talk to Finn. He was the only one who could help her. She then went outside and started running in the cold weather. Rey finished jogging not so far from the house. She sounded winded and was in need of water. Poe didn't message or called her with any further news. Her head was hurting thinking how she hated lying to him. Poe would surely ruin her plans with Kylo if she told him the truth. Maybe things calmed down for once after such a hard day. Finn probably left already since everything was all quiet around the house. There was no sign of Kylo. She checked the studio and the dining room but no sign of him. She also checked the living room and he wasn't there either. The only place left was her personal gym. Rey headed there and when she got inside there he was on the floor, shirtless, doing crunches working on his abs. All he had on was a pair of black knit workout pants and shoes. Acknowledging her presence, he swiftly got on his feet. Sweat glistened on his bare toned chest heaving with every deep breath. Rey's cheeks turned red by such sight. She then gave him a clean towel while snatching another one for her. "How did your day went?" Kylo asked drying his back with the towel. He shouldn't know anything about all the things that were being said about both of them. That would make him go away and their agreement would be over. It meant she will also lose him... "Well, I'd say stressful with a couple of misunderstandings. But nothing serious. It's part of my daily life by the way." Tossing her towel aside she began touching her temples. "Hmmm, I'm exhausted." Kylo tossed Rey a bottle of water as he drank from his. "Satisfied?" "Not really but at least, things will go back to normal. For now, that is." She pressed the bottle of water against her nape. "I really need a vacation, away from problems... and my job." Rey admitted. Taking another deep drink, Kylo nodded in agreement. "I concur, you do need it." The conversation was awkward, there was a moment of silence afterward. Rey pressed the bottle of water to her neck again. Kylo then pulled a chair gesturing her to sit in it. She looked a little wary but sat nevertheless. Putting his bottle down he sat across a small table from her. Rey took another drink. He observed how several drops of water slid down her silky skin, slowly ending in the valley of her breasts. Sunlight rays painting them gold. "A big day await us tomorrow. I can't wait to see how you will look on your new suit." Rey smiled at him somewhat tenderly. Kylo let a chuckle. "It fit me pretty well actually. Too well. The rest you'll see tomorrow, though." "We will fly to Naboo in the early morning. I already booked a hotel too..." She said while pressing the bottle now to her forehead. "Headache?" Kylo asked somewhat worriedly. She nodded, eyes shut. He then stood, dragging her chair towards him and standing over her. Rey stiffened when Kylo's fingers began pressing in on her temples moving them in a circular motion. Her lashes fluttering when he massaged. What a lovely sensation. His long fingers slowly moved to her neck. "Keep them closed." Kylo told her. Her breath shuddered out of her. He was an expert giving massages. Many of his former clients considered it enjoyable, but at the same time arousing . "T-That feels…" "I know." He murmured, then sliding his fingers into her hair. "What type of workouts you do in addition to jogging?" He wanted to feel Rey's hair more than to ease her. "A lot of them..." Rey leaned to his touch just like a cat would. Kylo's blood began quickening at the sudden rasp of her voice. "I sometimes do yoga, and lift when I have time." "Sounds tough. No wonder you keep such a great figure, especially firm legs." "Mhmm...." For a second her voice trailed off. "What about you, Kylo?" "I workout for 90 minutes, two to three times a week depending on my job as you know." "You're toned already. I see you work on your abs a lot." Her hair felt like silk in his fingers letting a pleasant frangance too. "I-I guess I feel better now." She was about to stand when suddenly Kylo grabbed her wrists, shaking his head at her. "Straddle the chair." Rey stared at him for a quick moment but complied propping her elbows on the back of the chair. "Your skin is flawless." He then moved to her neck again and massaged. Rey stiffened, biting her lower lip when he found a ball of nerves at the nape. He then moved to her shoulder blades circling into the muscle deftly. She let a low moan at the feeling, lashes fluttering again. "You're as stiff as a damn corpse, Rey. Just relax.." The last one he muttered to himself. "I'll... have my well-deserved vacations soon, you'll see." Kylo's fingers began digging into Rey's lower back. "Where are you planning to go?" He curiously asked. "I was thinking a place near the ocean. Since I was a little girl I've dreamed of tropical islands and sandy beaches with gentle waves." Kylo pressed into a sore muscle just above her hip. Her grip on the back of the chair tightening, and back arching as he pressed the knot away. "Mmm, sounds like a pleasant place to go." He murmured. Rey formed a relaxed smile. "I could take you with me you know." Her gaze turned inwards. His hands moved down her arms. "Maybe. We'll see how everything goes first." She pulled her hair away as he moved back to her neck. She had well-shaped arms and strong shoulders. "Have you taken any boyfriends or lovers with you?" "No, only Finn once. He's always busy to join me. I'm always by myself when traveling." Rey pressed her forehead to the wooden chair. "Do you know something? I think any guy would be lucky to have a woman like you, Rey." He really meant it. Not him of course, that would never be allowed to happen. But any decent man would be. "A man..like you?" Shit. Rey's mouth gaped open, she couldn't believe what she just have said to him. Was her heart betraying her? He then stopped. That question surprised him nonetheless. She also noticed that he stop too. Next, Kylo touched her chin turning to face him. Kylo then lowered his head, his thumb brushing Rey's bottom lip. "Rey, let's stop pretending that we don't want each other." He murmured, both looking deep into their eyes. "That it's a lie that we don't think about each other when we do almost every time. Do you know how painful it is?" Her breath was shaking and felt warm against his palm. "Kylo, I...The promise-" "Rey..." He murmured, hands now gripping the back of the chair, encircling her in his arms. She tipped her head up and back just as his mouth found hers, not letting her say any other word. Rey parted her lips, welcoming his tongue at the same time. Her mouth moved along with his; slowly and deliberately. This kiss had more intensity than their last one. She softly and repeatedly began moaning against his mouth, encouraging him further. Rey then broke the kiss, pressing her mouth at the corner of his to catch her breath. "Kylo…" She then twisted in her chair, gripping his shirt tightly. "Make me yours, please." She said softly. "Are you sure Rey?" He asked her, looking straight into her eyes. She nodded. That was her grant for him to continue. "As you wish." Kylo smiled, kissing her again. He then carried her to a nearby couch, dropping her unceremoniously. Kylo laid on top of her, kiss her in the mouth, sucking on her lips. Rey let out a couple of moans whe he laid a path of kisses down her neck. She was digging her nails into his back. He felt himself instantly grow hard. Only this time, he truly wanted a woman. It was very different from other experiences he had. He kissed her again with all he had, tongues battling for dominance. Kylo then took off Rey's shirt except her bra. Another moan escaped from her lips as he cupped both of her breasts caressing them softly over the fabric. After leaving her mouth again, he slid his right hand down between her legs seeking her heated womanhood. After reaching it, he began stroking it with his slender fingers and then pressing into it over the fabric. She spread her legs more for his familiar digits continue to trace the contours of her womanhood. Rey was already dripping wet, just for him. Every time he pressed into her warmth, she would let out resounding moans of pleasure. He relishes the fact that no other man has produced such a sensation on her. When he was about to take her pants off there was a knock on the door, interrupting their moment. "We should ignore it." Kylo suggested, and Rey nod. Again he claimed her mouth with his, trying to pull her pants down. Then, there was another knock on the door, this time, someone spoke. "Ms. Kenobi?" It was her housekeeper. Rey broke the kiss and he let out a disappointed sigh. One thing Rey disliked was when people interfered. She was extremely aroused and wanted more from him, no doubt about that. She gently placed a hand on his cheek."Kylo I have to..." That truly disappointed him but complied. He then got up off her. Rey raised herself from the sofa, adjusting her pants. "Yes?" She asked her housekeeper. "It's Mr. Calrissian, he is on the line and wishes to speak to you." The housekeeper answered. Kylo put on his shirt and leaned against the wall with arms crossed. He was staring at her. He was so close to having her, to make love to her. How much has it been that a woman made him feel like that? None of his past lovers have done what Rey did to him. She was special. "Thanks. I'll be there in a second." She said while turning to look at Kylo. "Listen you know w-we shouldn't... " "Be doing this. I know already, Rey." He picked her shirt from the floor and hand it over to her. "I'm upstairs to take a shower. Oh and also, I'll pretend nothing happened as usual." He knew that hurt her, so as him too. Before leaving the gym, he stopped in his tracks. "Have a good night." Without looking at her Kylo left, leaving her standing alone in the gym. She wanted to cry. Yell at him to not leave her. To be his and forget about the world. Tears began to form in her eyes and began sobbing quietly. She was not rejecting him, to the contrary she craved for him. " I can't hide this feeling anymore... Don't fight it, you know you can't." Rey realized two things; she hated being alone. And two, she was in love with him . Notes: Tuesday update! So Rey finally admits she has fallen in love with Kylo, but when things were getting heated between the two another interruption ruins the moment. Also, obstacles are getting in their way too. Next chapter will contain sm_t. Thanks for reading! Chapter 10 : Ben Solo Notes: Super long chapter. Kylo would not be Kylo anymore, but Ben Solo from now on. Obstacles everywhere too. I'll be posting the next tonight too. Thanks for reading! The Cantina was lively that night. Actually, it was lively every night. Phasma was already downing a martini. The stench of cigarettes invaded her nostrils since she reached the bar. For the first time, the smell almost made her gag. Outside down the street was Kylo's working spot. That's where he was supposed to be at the moment instead of playing hide. It's been three days since he disappeared. Apparently this Unkar Plutt has been driving him around. He knew where Kylo was furthermore they agreed to meet. For Phasma, it was hard to trust anyone, especially this strange man. Being the boss of a popular male escort agency could make anyone try to deceit her. But Phasma wasn't someone who could be fooled easily. She ordered another martini still waiting for the mysterious driver. Then her bodyguard walked up to her. "Maam, there's an Unkar Plutt guy waiting at the entrance that wishes to speak to you." He came then , Phasma though. "Let him in, he's the man I'm expecting.." The bodyguard nodded and turned to let Unkar know he could talk to her. Phasma was carrying a gun in her purse just in case any inconvenience could happen. The bodyguard then took him to her table. She noticed he was overweight and was wearing a black driver's uniform. "Unkar Plutt?" "That's me." He said in a simple tone. She didn't like people using those types of tones, but all she wanted was information on Kylo Ren. "Leave us now." She told the bodyguard and he did so. "Take a seat, Mr. Plutt. We need to talk... serious matters here." Unkar took a seat and began looking over his shoulder. He seemed nervous and didn't want people to recognize him. If someone saw him that would ruin his plans. Phasma ordered him a whiskey. "So Mr. Unkar, start telling me about Kylo and what's he been up to," Phasma said lighting a cigarette and blowing the smoke aside. "And also, is it true you have been his driver for a while?" Grabbing his glass of whiskey he glanced over his shoulder again. "That's correct. I've been for about three days now." He responded downing on his glass of whiskey. "And why the hell would you drive him around?" "It's my boss the one who orders me too. Honestly, I have never liked that guy since the first day I picked him up! Again her orders." So Kylo was working for another 'boss' then. Phasma needed to find out more about this boss Unkar was talking about. "Who do you work for Mr. Plutt?" She noticed he was looking around again nervously. "Quit the crap already! Nobody will see you here." She made him jump, almost spilling his drink. "I work for the Kenobi family.. well, the granddaughter, though." Phasma puckered her lips around the cigarette preparing to blow smoke upwards. "Kenobi you say? Aren't those the owners of a brewery company?" "That's correct. However, it's the girl the only Kenobi left now." "Tell me her name." "It's Rey Kenobi. She's one of the youngest millionaires in all Coruscant." "But what could one of my beloved escorts be doing with this girl? I really don't understand all of this Mr. Plutt." Why would a millionaire girl need Kylo for? He was a nobody, period. His future was with the agency and nothing else. How delusional if Kylo thought he was getting rid of her by working for this mere girl. "Well, the girl leads a lonely life. She has no family left like I said. But Kylo Ren it's like her companion now and she wants to change him." "Only a companion?" Plutt took another drink. "Yeah, that's all he is for now." Setting her cigarette aside she gazed mysteriously at the man in front of her. "I'm very curious. Why are you doing this? Betraying your boss and all. " "I've always hated that family and their arrogance! I've been humiliated by them for years now, but that will end soon." Taking another drink. "My plan is to extort the girl, somehow," He told Phasma almost whispering. "Especially now that she's dating that male prostitute. Her reputation will be on the ground sooner than expected." Phasma was kind of interested in Unkar's plans. That Kenobi girl was responsible for taking away Kylo. She needed to put and end to Kylo's games and for good. "Count me in too. Oh and please, let me know if something else happens. We could be allies.." Unkar started laughing like an idiot. "Lady, do you think I'm stupid? I help you, you repay me. How about that?" Of course, this fat repulsive idiot wouldn't do anything without money. He was going to manipulate her, that she knew already. Unfortunately, Phasma didn't had other option but to agree to his demands. After a deep thought, she made a decision. "It's a deal then. I will comply with your demands. How much do you want?" She asked holding some cash in her hands. "Hmm, I like that Ms. Phasma. My kind of woman." "I asked, how much do you want? Either you tell me or you can kiss your job goodbye." She said in a low menacing tone, gritting her teeth. Unkar swallowed thickly feeling his palms sweaty. He then dried them with the side of his pants. This woman was intimidating. "T-three hundred..." He responded in a low scared tone. "Three hundred bucks would do then." She tossed him the money onto the table. "Serve me right and there could be more." Lighting another cigarette and blowing the smoke away. "Now get going. Anything that happens let me know me right away." He then left in a hurry. Phasma had another pawn in his grasp. It was easy to control idiots like Unkar, and then get rid of them in the end. For now, he was her eyes and ears. Rey was finishing packing everything for her trip to Naboo. It was going to be a short one since it was not too far from Coruscant. There was a change of plans, though. The event was going to take place in a hotel instead of Lando's home. Finn couldn't come but at least, she had another hairdresser waiting there. Putting her jewelry box inside a large shoulder bag she thought back last night. The intimate moment she had with Kylo in the gym made her heart jump. Had it not been for the housekeeper interruption they would have done it without thinking. Rey was prepared to be his right there, not caring for the world. Again, she couldn't sleep last night. Seeing his face and jaw clenched, showing a disappointed expression broke her completely. She can't forget his kisses, his scent and touch and how it made her feel. About the press, Rey could care less by now. Poe knew that she was dating Ben Solo , nothing else. It's his job to deal with these situations. A knock at her door startled her. Could it be him? Rey wondered. Moving closer to the door her hands started shaking. She felt like a schoolgirl all over again. However it wasn't a crush, she really had feelings for Kylo. She was about to asked who was it when a familiar voice appeared. "Rey, can I come in?" How relieved she felt hearing Finn's voice. She walked back to the bed and continued packing what was left. "Come in Finn" Finn came inside, closing the door behind him. "My god girl is that the dress you'll be wearing tonight?" Asked Finn glaring at the dress lying on her bed. "Oh, yes! Still to this day I haven't worn it yet. What do you think?" It could work, Finn supposed. But he looked unconvinced taking another look at it. "Ehhh, well. I think it looks outdated, Rey. You could wear something better and glamorous." Sighing she knew her friend was hard to please. Finn was a fashionista and always knew what worked on her and what not. "I bought it two years ago, Finn. What do you mean with that?" Finn hummed, giving it a thought. "For starters, long sleeves are a no-no. Leave those to the nuns. You have elegant arms, bare them!" "What if it's cold? And by the way, they aren't loose sleeves." "You know.." Finn said as he started walking towards her closet, "I was thinking of something more likable. Wear something your companion will like." He then opened the door to her closet searching for that perfect dress. Did he say her companion? Why would Finn be telling her this? Could he suspect something about Kylo and her? Rey hoped not, but Finn wasn't stupid. He must have noticed the tension surrounding them. However, it was about time she told him about Kylo. "This one will do!" With a quick pull, Finn took out a dress from Rey's closet. The gown he chose was stunning and of an emerald green. Rey didn't remember having it before. She thought it was gorgeous and unique. Fingers tracing the satin fabric of it. "It's perfect." "Of course, it is! Better than that other grandmother looking one." He said pointing at the other dress. Rey decided to take the dress with her to Naboo, carefully putting it inside a long white plastic bag. The bag had the initial K on the front. "Finn, you need to know something about-" Finn's phone rang. He excused himself to take the call. Apparently he was needed at the moment for what Rey could hear. "Sorry Rey but I'll have to go now. I have an appointment with this actress. I need to do her makeup for a Hosnian Prime photoshoot." "Oh Finny, we can never finish talking," She said sighing. "But I understand." Holding his hand tightly. "Thanks for helping me when I need the most..." He gave her a warm hug. Rey was the little sister he never had. "Forget it. Just go and have a great night together with Kylo. Let me tell you he's ready, Rey." Again she couldn't tell Finn about Kylo, or maybe she shouldn't. After he left her house it was time for her to leave. Unkar helped her carry the bag to the car that was taking them to the airport. She expected Kylo to be outside waiting for her, but he wasn't. Negative thoughts began running through her mind. What if he wouldn't come with her? Huge possibility because of how things ended last night between them. "Have you seen Mr. Ren?" Rey asked Unkar who was stuffing her bag in the car's trunk. Closing the trunk, he turned and walked towards her. "No... I haven't. Maybe he is not going?" That last sentence worried her. "Don't say that. He would never do that to me, I know it." "But he is not obliged isn't he? Be careful, miss... I wouldn't trust him that much, especially for what he really is and works for." Crossing her arms, she gave Unkar an angry stare. "That's none of your business. Kylo has proved to be a good man, respectful and loyal." "I'm so sorry for meddling into your personal life then, miss Rey. Now if you excuse me." He bowed his head at her and headed towards the car. Rey remained there, still waiting for Kylo to meet her. Maybe Unkar is right...? No, Kylo wouldn't do this to her. Rey's thoughts leaping to the recent agreement they had. If he was about to quit he would have done so and left, tearing her heart into pieces for sure. She felt attached to him. After a while he appeared, carrying his personal luggage and shoulder bag. Rey felt a relief, he truly didn't disappoint her. "Sorry, for being late," He said staring down at her. Returning a smile at him she then noticed he was looking different, wearing a white open neck shirt with a gray blazer on. Finn probably got him those when they went to the tailor shop. "That's fine... Looking great by the way!" She said forcing a smile and crossing her arms. "Thanks. Should we get going now?" He asked walking past her. Unkar watched Kylo from the rear view mirror mentally cursing him. Getting out of the car, he helped him with his bags putting them inside the trunk. Both Rey and Kylo got inside the car. They were silent to each other and remained like that the entire trip to the airport. He seemed distant, in a world of his own. What she didn't know is that he also thought the same about her. When he turned to look at her she was looking outside through the window, ignoring him perhaps. Things could go wrong tonight if they continue to behave towards each other like that, he knew it. They arrived at the airport in good time. However, it was not Coruscant's Intl Airport but more like a local one. Still silent to each other they got out of the car and take their luggage with them. Kylo followed her towards a plane parking. Their plane was getting visible ahead. Despite all the efforts, he couldn't stop staring at her shaped behind. He remembered how close they'd been, how good she felt, and their fire kisses. "Kylo.." Rey eventually said stopping in her tracks and breaking the silence, "please walk beside me." He wasn't expecting that. Hesitant at first, Kylo walked close to her. They began walking beside each other until they aboard the jet. She did first and he was last. He'd never been on a private plane before. It had four seats facing each other with pull out tables for laptops, tablets and drinks. "Nice plane," Kylo said sitting back in his chair. "Actually comfortable too." "Glad you find it that way." Aware that he hadn't buckle up yet. "You better fasten your seatbelt, it might get bumpy on the way there." That made him feel uncomfortable. "B-bumpy? Wait what do you mean with that?" Rey put her hand on her lips, trying no to laugh at his worried expression. "Oh Nothing.." She said in a playful tone. "Rey..Just tell me" Sighting. "Airplanes sometimes shake a lot, it's called turbulence. We'll be fine." He tried to convince himself of that reassurance. Soon he buckled up getting ready for takeoff. The flight went smoothly without any turbulence. Kylo and Rey spent the whole flight talking about tonight's event and protocol. She was really glad they spoke, but still feeling uneasy. They were about to act as a couple as accorded in the agreement. "Should we kiss at any moment?" Kylo all of a sudden asked when they were about to get off. "I mean we're going to act as a couple after all." Rey felt her heart hammering like a drum in her temples. She didn't know what to say. "I don't know. Let's get going now." She started walking towards the plane's door when suddenly he grabbed her hand to make her face him, pulling her closer. "Kylo... please not here... not now." Leaning closer to her the door opened; too soon. They were surely cursed with interruptions. "He's taking us to our hotel," Rey said gently retrieving her arm from his grasp. "I already booked two rooms, separate of course." "What about our luggage?" Kylo asked with a strained voice sighing in frustration. "They will take it to us after we arrive first. Shall we go now?" He nodded, walking out behind her. Naboo was beautiful as expected. It had many incredible sceneries surrounding the city and a couple of colorful buildings. It was considered New York's 'Monaco' by many people. Already at the hotel, Kylo began practicing what Finn taught him. Rey got him a suite which looked spacious and comfortable. The suite was facing a huge glass window with a clear view of the city. Small lights could be seen moving in the sky; so many airplanes. He was really impressed by such view. He was only accustomed to the streets and nothing of what he has been experiencing so far. Everything because of her. Is he going to spend the rest of his life pretending to be her partner? Desiring her and kissing her when the opportunity arose? Kylo knew Rey was just like him. Alike in so many ways, but sadly she was in denial. Why wouldn't she let him understand her longing? Women are complicated but to his understanding Rey was the most so far. Was he going to spend the rest of his life pretending to be her partner? Desiring her and kissing her when any opportunity arose? Kylo had no idea what thoughts ran through Rey's mind. Sometimes she act caring, then distant, or if she didn't care at all. Scratching the back of his head he then took out his suit for the night. It was an elegant black tie suit, fit for a president or someone of much more power. After tonight, he would no longer be Kylo Ren but Ben Solo. A name he despised and tried to erase from memories. Failing miserably. It was time to accept his past and move on. While thinking about his past, it seems Phasma stopped trying to reach him. He wondered what was she up to. Practically leaving her and the agency must have resulted in a disaster. He was Phasma's favorite employee and always depended on him. Maybe she didn't care at all... He made his way to the bathroom to get ready. Rey's hairdresser, a young woman in her thirties, finished her hair and makeup. She decided to wear it down and it had gentle waves. The makeup was subtle, and her eyes were dramatic with a smoky look. She slipped into her emerald-colored dress adjusting the zipper. Gasping with pleasure, Rey noticed that it accentuated her curves and slender figure. Finn was right, this dress was totally the one for her. Before meeting with Kylo, she applied a second fresh coat of lipstick. He's not Kylo anymore, you will call him Ben from now on. Rey thought. At first, he was hesitant about using that name. It brought misery and bad memories but he concluded on moving on. She applied a second coat of lipstick and dabbed a little perfume. The lip color was a mauve one. With one more glance in the mirror, she grabbed a clutch bag and headed to the door. They were supposed to meet in the lobby. She was about to meet him; to meet Ben Solo . Chapter 11 : Because you're mine Notes: Chapter 11 as promised! Finally, our lovebirds confessed their feelings to each other and! smut at the end of the chapter. You've been warned! Thanks for reading. Ben was already waiting for Rey at the hotel's lobby. The place was already crowded with guests. Many of the men were sporting black tie suits like him while their women all looked elegant and very regal. Some looked older than him and others probably his age. He greeted them politely with a handshake and nod, scanning the elevators area to spot Rey. There was a group that glared at him as if he was an unknown. He admitted it and that he was from a lower class background than everybody there. All of them would know that he is indeed dating Rey Kenobi, Coruscant's wealthiest and youngest millionaire. Still looking for any sign of Rey a man all of a sudden greeted him. "Hello there" He then turned around, forming a smile on his lips, addressing the man too. "Good evening" The man was dark-skinned and was holding a cigar in his hand. He was wearing a dark blue color suit which looked pretty expensive at first sight. "Do we know each other?" The man asked, placing the cigar between his lips. "N-No, I don't recall we had met before. My name is Ky-..Ben Solo." Holding out his hand to the man. "Lando Calrissian, nice to meet you Mr. Solo" Both shook hands after their introductions. "Are you expecting someone or did you came alone?" So this was the famous Lando Calrissian, the man Rey talked so much about. He was a very respectable man in all New York and had his own company. "Oh, yes. I'm waiting for my girlfriend to come down. She's a couple of minutes late but you know women." Was he sounding nervous? He sure did. Ben didn't want Lando or any of the guests to suspect anything. "I see, Mr. Solo. Could you tell me more about yourself? How's business going on?" Lando asked, again placing his cigar in his mouth. Shit. Finn didn't prepare him for questions like that. Business? More like Phasma's male escort agency, that was his real job. Ben needed to think about something and quick. "I work for my girlfriend's company. My family, they retired not so long ago. Business can be very competitive nowadays. And that's all." "Hmm, sounds good. May I know her name? Either way, I'll meet her soon." When Ben was about to answer he noticed Lando's eyes widened glancing over his shoulder. He was staring at someone. Others also stopped their chatting also looking at the same person. Ben then turned around and saw her. It was Rey in all her beauty. "Well if it isn't my dear Rey!" Lando had a wide smile on his face. She then walked towards the two men. "Good evening, Lando." Rey greeted him with a smile on her face. He gallantly took her hand and kissed it. "You look absolutely beautiful. Never fail to surprise I see!" Rey let a small laughed. "Thank you." She noticed Ben was still looking at her in awed. "Mr. Calrissian, this is my partner Ben Solo." Grabbing him gently by his arm. Ben was still dumbfounded by her sight. "We already introduced ourselves. He told me he was working for the brewery. Good choice you have made my dear." "Oh, he did?" Lando nodded. "We could talk more about it later. Shall we get inside the reception room now?" Rey gave Ben a glance in order for him to respond now. "Should we my love?" How he loved saying that last word. He then offered her his arm. "Yes, let's go." Rey said taking his arm. Both walked towards the reception room as everyone else did. Many gave them compliments on what a cute couple they made. Their responses were the typical 'thanks'. Ben and Rey were having a great night talking to guests. He knew what topics should be discussed and what others don't. Every time Rey laughed it was a great part of her inner and outer beauty. Ben cherished that and how happy she looked. They even danced like a married couple to soft ballads. They felt glares from everyone, but didn't care. What they needed was a moment for them and this was it. He excused himself to go to the bathroom. Rey stayed talking to three men. On his way to the bathroom, someone grabbed the back of his topcoat and heft him backward into a secluded room not too far from the reception. Turning around to see who was the assailant he froze in place. "Long time no see, loverboy." Mrs. Snoke said in her typical seductive voice. "I've been trying to locate you lately. You're playing cat and mouse with me, aren't you?" Ben didn't know what to do. This woman was back at it again. "Snoke, what are you doing here?" "The questions is: what are you doing here?" "Look, this is not the time for this. I have a date waiting for me out there." "Same, my husband is here with me. But who cares, right?" Walking closer to him. "Don't we break the rules all the time?" She clung to his neck. Ben tried to push her away gently. "Like I said this is not the time. You're married and I have a d-" "Date? Is that so Kylo? Well, guess what? I don't care." Pulling him down she then forcefully kissed him. Ben immediately shoved her away. What he saw next left him in one piece. Rey was standing in the doorway with a broken expression on her face. She saw them... She saw everything with her own eyes. Hurriedly walking towards her, Ben saw how she began to move backwards away from him. "Is not what you think" "Just get away from me. You.. you're disgusting..." Rey gave both a death glare before turning away, almost running. "Rey!" He then followed her up. "REY!" Mrs. Snoke laughed at the whole scene. “Rey!” Ben was running behind her, trying to catch her up. He screwed up this time. “Rey wait up!” It was his fault, letting Mrs. Snoke having her way with him. She was very calculating. He could lose Rey because of it. He then caught her by her arm. “Let go of me!” Rey yelled at him, pulling her arm away from his grasp. “Don’t you dare touch me again!” Rey tried to walk away, but Ben stopped her from doing so. This time she didn’t put any resistance. “You have to listen to me is not what you th-“ A slap across his face interrupted him. He really deserved it for being such a clueless prick. “I just saw both of you kissing and…. you’re telling me is not what I think?” Her voice was shaking in anger. “Who are you trying to fool, Ben? Me?” She was still yelling but her anger began to recede. Fresh tears started rolling down her face as she tried to gasp for air. Ben clenched his jaw, torn about his heart and duty. He couldn’t bear watching her like that. Rey was hurt, deeply hurt. “Never.” He paused looking down the floor. “I don’t want to see you suffering, Rey. I can’t even bear watching you like this.” That last sentence made her feel worse. Why is he doing this to her? Why is her heart betraying her like this? Rey wanted to hate him, despise him. But deep inside that was impossible. “I’m not..! I’m not Mrs. Snoke or any of your other clients! Just…” Turning her back on him, she bit her lower lip to keep from crying out miserably failing. Slowly walking towards her, Ben decided to confess his heart. “I love you.” Unexpectedly Rey turned around, shocked, not believing what he had just said. “What?” “What you just heard, that I love you.” He said to her, looking straight into her eyes. “Well, I don’t believe you.” Her voice still shaking and wiping her tears with her hand. “Had you also told Mrs. Snoke that you love her?” “Rey, stop…” Ben was getting frustrated feeling this was a lost battle. “I don’t love her or anyone else. “And then why me?” Biting the side of his cheek he clenched his fists. “Because you’re the only one that I want and need right now! You’re the first woman I’ve fallen so hard, that makes me crazy. But you just keep pushing me away when you also feel the same way about me. You keep fighting it when you know you can’t!” He swallowed thickly. “I love you, Rey. I really love you.” She just stood there unable to move after such words, an empty expression showing on her face. Pulling her by the waist, he then gently cupped her face on the sides brushing his mouth over her cheek. “You can turn me away.” His voice shook. “As much it will break me you don’t deserve this.” He needed to be totally honest with himself too. Things would never work as he wished. But he couldn’t lose her either. Her eyes searched his for a long time. Their faces were just inches apart; Rey’s sent tantalizing him as usual. “You’re an idiot, Ben.” Her eyes searching his for a long time. “I’m an idiot too.” She muttered making both to laugh. Their bodies pressing against each other. “I also loved you, right from the start.” Lips inches apart and their breaths mingling intimately. He couldn’t take it anymore. Before she could say anything else he pushed forward to claim her lips letting his tongue slide into her mouth. Ben ran his hand up her thigh, rubbing it. They broke the kiss gulping air like two drowning people. They couldn’t speak at first until their breathing slowed down. “We should continue somewhere else. Someone might see us.” Rey told him. “Let’s go upstairs to my suite.” Ben suggested and Rey agreed. Both walked in a hurry approaching the elevator. Thank goodness there was no one inside of it. They quickly stepped in and Rey pressed the button to the twelve floor. In a rush of passion, Ben spun Rey around and pinned her to the elevator’s wall as his lips descended on hers. Rey felt that he was subtly lifting the skirt of her dress and running his hands around her legs. Ben held tight to her, lifting her and pinning her back against the wall again pressing his body into hers. Rey could feel his hardness through the fabric of his pants, pushing harder into her. She inadvertently wrapped her legs around his waist to keep from falling. Breaking their kiss, he then moved his lips to her neck now, kissing and sucking on the soft spot. Rey squirmed as he devoured her neck. The elevator rattled to a stop and the door slid open. “Ben….” Her voice faltered for a moment as he was making her more aroused. He kissed her again, fiddling with the zipper of her dress. She broke the kiss. “Ben…you know we can’t stay here.” He chuckled. Ben bridal carried her back to his room. It didn’t take him time to slide the key card. Unlocking the door he somewhat kicked it open. Letting her down, Ben unzipped Rey’s dress and slide it over her shoulders dropping it to the floor. She stood right in front of him completely naked. “You’re so beautiful.” Rey could hear his breathing heavier now. He was craving for her already. She clung to his neck sharing another long and passionate kiss. His hands moved around her bare back and down her bottom, feeling her soft silky skin. After gently placing her on the bed, he got on top of her. She met his lips hungrily as he began to remove his clothes, dropping each item on the floor. Rey burst into a laugh when he struggled with his pants. “You try next" time” he said finally removing his pants and the underwear with a quick pull. Both were naked now, skin against skin. “Are you sure about this?” This time, he didn’t wish for any interruptions. She needed to be his and only his. Reaching to caress his face Rey smiled, nodding. That was her permission. “Just make me yours.” She murmured. He smirked and kissed her greedily, devouring her lips with unstrained hunger. She moaned against his mouth. Abandoning it he traced his tongue along her jaw line and then kissed, licked, and suck his way down her neck and collarbone. He pressed kisses down her neck then to her bare chest into the swell of her breasts. He stroke her breasts making her moan. He moved his lips to her chest again, kissing and tracing the contour of them with his tongue. Rey loved the sensation his warm lips left on her skin, digging her nails into his back. She let a whimper as Ben traced her erect nipple with his tongue before gently sucking on it. While doing so, he slid his right hand down between her legs and into the moist core of her womanhood. Fingers exploring and parting her folds. He went down on her, thrusting two fingers inside of her and playfully rubbing her clit up and down with his calloused thumb finger. “You’ll need some coaxing.” He said enticing her to spread her legs wider with the gentle stroke of his free hand along her inner thigh. He started pumping his intruding fingers in and out of her while pinching her clit with the other hand. Her walls felt like collapsing, unwinding with every wave of fire rocketing through her body. Rey arched her back continuously letting out resounding moans especially when his fingers started to move faster. She dug her nails into the flesh of his neck. He removed his wet fingers from her, yanking her head back as his lips claimed hers. Fingertips running across her breasts. Rey could feel Ben’s erection rubbing her stomach. “I’m going in now.” Looking deep into her eyes. Rey’s cheeks turned red all of a sudden, but she wanted him more than he wanted her. They shouldn’t waste more time or let others be in the middle. “Go easy on me” she said in a low tone. That was her grant to proceed. Spreading her legs and with a swift thrust, he pushed himself inside of her. Rey gasped and clung to his shoulders as pleasure began to consume her. He thrust deep inside of her, pulling and then plunging in again repeatedly. Their hips slowly moving to the same rhythm as he plunged into her. Rey tossed her head back groaning in pleasure, grasping at the ends of his ebony hair. Thrusts turned faster and he felt jolts of pleasure. Each thrust made her breasts bounce, his gaze locked on them. He paused for a moment to sink his lips onto them, sucking her nipples and licking her flesh. Resuming his thrusts he began grunting by going deeper on her. Rey’s moans became louder and louder. A sudden jerk of her body send a rigid bolt through her spine; she’s hit her climax. “Ben….. hah….d-don’t stop…. I’m.. ah……I’m close……” The thrusting nonstop. “M-Me too…” He said thrusting harder and about to reach his climax too. How gorgeous she looked while experiencing such pleasure. He enjoyed watching her look helpless, clenching her chest muscles with each bolt. Her legs were wrapped around his waist and were already shaking. Drops of Ben’s sweat fell into her chest. She closed her eyes getting ready for the last minutes of frantic thrusts until she finally came with a huge gasp; mouth parted in a silent cry. Her back was arched into a perfect curve and hips trusted forward. Letting out a harsh grunt and gritting his teeth, Ben came hard releasing his seed into her. Both were panting exhaustedly and pouring sweat. He dropped on top of her resting his head on her heaving chest. She began brushing her fingers through his hair locks and back, but felt that Ben was shaking against her body. “Ben, what’s wrong?” “I’m-I’m fine.” He responded, lifting his head to look at her. He began stroking her cheek with his finger tenderly. “Are you mad?” Rey couldn’t help but laugh. “And why would I?” “I just made love to you.” “No I’m not. What we did is a sign of our love. Nothing to be mad about.” Smiling he kissed her, carefully pressing her body against his. He then rolled over pulling her down to lie against his chest. “When are we letting the others know?” He asked gently touching her bare back and right arm resting on his chest. She sighed. “It will have to be soon. Don’t worry about it, I told Poe already.” “You told him that I-“ “No, not that. But he knows you’re Ben Solo and that we’re dating.” He knew sooner or later people were going to find out but decided to forget about the subject, for now. He was with the woman he loved and nothing else mattered to Ben. “Good.” He pulled her palm to his lips and kissed it. “I’m more worried about Snoke’s wife. Thank the gods she didn’t saw me though.” “She can’t do nothing, Rey. We have a wild card to play against her. This woman needs her husband. She is nothing without him.” “I hope.” She muttered. “That woman gives me the chills.” Rey drew her fingers across his chest. “Everything will be alright. Let’s forget about it and go to sleep.” An exhausted Ben said. He kissed her lips and they embraced each other falling asleep. Chapter 12 : The first card has being played Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was early in the morning on Naboo and the weather was great outside. Ben woke up very early while Rey was still sleeping beside him. A white bed sheet was covering her body as she slept soundly. He noticed that her lips were swollen from all their kissing last night. He was full smiling at that. The way she crumbled against his arms, her soft skin underneath his palms, and how their bodies entwined perfectly together. Tenderly, he brushed a strand of hair away from her face making Rey sighed softly in her sleep. It has been a long time since he had a woman lying by his side since he was always accustomed to clients. This time, he truly was in love and what happened between them last night was a result of it. He got out of bed searching for his clothes that were all scattered on the floor. Rey's dress was also there and he picked it up smelling her scent on it. Ben jumped into the shower, finding lightly forming bruises and thin scratches in his skin. Even if he scrubbed it raw he couldn't quite forget how she felt and the way her nails had dug into his skin. Rey woke up by the sound of a running shower. She sat on the bed covering herself with the sheet. Suddenly Ben appeared walking out of the shower with a towel wrapped around his waist while drying his hair with another. "Hey" She called to him in a lower voice. "I guess I'm a morning person after all," Ben said smiling at her. "So it isn't so bad." "Why didn't you woke me up? I would have joined you." Rey asked letting out a yawn. He tittered. "Maybe... that's why. You were in a deep sleep, and I really didn't want to interrupt it." She patted on the bed giving him an inviting smile to sit near her. He then did so bringing her hand to his lips gently kissing it. "We're leaving this afternoon." "Already?" "That's right. I booked for one night only. We just came here for the Calrissian event." A slight smirk forming at the corner of his lips. "Are you sure it was only for that? What an unforgettable night I must say." Cupping her cheek with his fingers. Rey shyly smiled getting closer to him. "Thanks to someone who made it unforgettable. " He immediately pulled her closer, wrapping his arms around her. Their faces were a few inches apart. "That's true, but not only me.." They shared a long kiss, the sheet falling to her waist exposing her breasts. They almost made love again if it wasn't for the short time they had to leave. Breaking the kiss, they both decided to get dressed and leave. Before leaving Naboo they went for a walk and to get some breakfast in the beautiful town. They held hands wherever they went to, taking pictures and asking civilians to take a couple of them too. It was obvious they were in love. Others asked them if they were a newlywed couple with them quickly denying it. Of course, Ben wanted to marry Rey but there were other things first. His past one of them. Naboo was the place they consumed their love. "So they're coming back today?" A curious Phasma asked Unkar over the phone. He told her that Kylo and Rey were supposed to arrive in the afternoon. "Like I told you, yes. Apparently the girl planned to stay for one night only." Unkar responded with a tired sigh. "Strange... Mr. Plutt I presume you know what were those two doing there?" He hesitated before answering. Even if he was being paid by Phasma he needed to be extremely cautious with her too. "If you want me to talk better start sending me more money" Phasma cracked her neck two times. "Trust me you'll have it, but first things first Mr. Plutt. Tell me what where Kylo and that girl doing on Naboo?" She asked again gritting her teeth this time. Looking around so that no one could hear or see him. "They went to a social event hosted by a Calrissian guy. Kylo went as her date." She turned to her laptop computer and started searching the internet for anything related to the event. Any sign would help. Finally, Phasma found a picture from a Naboo online newspaper site. In it were Lando Calrissian, Rey Kenobi, and.. Ben Solo . The three of them posing for the photograph smiling. The girl Rey was a very attractive woman to catch the attention from men. Probably that's why Kylo seemed so fixated on her. So he's trying to erase his past... "He had a good company guide too." She then printed the picture to use it as a wild card. "Things are already starting to get interesting Mr. Plutt. We need to meet." Kylo's past would never disappear and Phasma was going to do anything to get her most valuable male escort back. While holding the photograph and giving it a look, an evil smirk raised at the corner of her lips. Rey and Ben were back in Coruscant by the late afternoon. Their flight went smooth and there was no problem whatsoever. They sat near each other, holding hands during the entire flight. They agreed on continuing to sleep in their own rooms, but visit each other when time let them do so. They needed to take it slowly on that issue. Before stepping out of the plane they shared a quick kiss. They needed to be discreet. Plutt was waiting for them in the parking lot. How he wanted to ruin them and at such a time like this. He saw when they walked side by side, holding hands. She then ordered the driver to pick up their bags. He sneered at the couple who were heading now to the car. They started kissing as soon as they got inside the car. Ben pulled her onto his lap and kissed her fully again thanking the gods she had a skirt on. "We need to get out of these clothes as soon as we arrive." He told her hungrily kissing her neck. "Ben," She said between gasps of pleasure. "Unkar, he is coming." Sighting he helped her to sit beside him. "Let me help him with the bags." He stepped out of the car and helped Plutt to get their luggage inside the trunk. The trip to the mansion was shorter than last time. It appears Plutt took a short cut to get there since he was an expert on knowing every road and direction. Ben helped him again to get their stuff out and one of the housekeepers took Rey's bag back to her room. Before Rey and Ben could enter the house Plutt stopped them in their tracks. "Miss Kenobi, does this mean you're officially Mr. Ren's girlfriend? Sorry if it's none of my business but I and others have seen how the two of you spend a lot of time together." "Mr. Solo, as he should be called, and I work together and that's all. He's been supportive towards me and the company. Do you have any other question?" Brat. "No-no, that will be all. Have a nice day..you two." Turning back to the car cursing them. "He's been acting weird lately, don't you think?" Ben asked Rey pulling wrapping his arm around her waist. Rey shrugs passively, grabbing his hand and pulling him back to the house. "I don't think what he does or asks should bother us? I've known him for years and trust me, he has always been like this." "At first, I thought it was just me," Ben says in a worrisome tone. "but it seems he doesn't like me." Getting inside of the studio she closed the door behind her. "You're just imagining things, Ben." Clinging to his neck. "It's that he is a loner who takes his time on trusting people." "Well, maybe you're right. I should relax for once." Sliding his hands around her waist, he pulled her closer to his body. "Don't you think it's time for us to resume what started back in the car?" "Hmmm no, I want you to get off me," Rey said in a low playful tone. He captures her lips, heat spreading across her body. Parting their jaws they allowed their tongues to glide in. Ben's hands still grappling at her waist and she grips his hair, moaning into his mouth. As he was about to take her shirt off Rey's cell phone vibrated. "It'll be quick, I promise." Scratching the back of his head he walked to the pool table grabbing a couple of billiard balls. "A what?!" A surprised Rey asked someone on the phone. "Hux, you were supposed to take some measures on this matter!" Rey seemed distressed, walking around while having a conversation with Hux. "Listen, tomorrow we will meet to discuss this problem. I just arrived from Coruscant and as you know the flight was exhausting." She then stopped in front of the window listening to what Hux was telling her. "We'll see. Have a good night Hux." Rey sighed in irritation. She sat on her desk and began to look for some papers. Ben walked towards the desk and took a seat. "What's wrong?" Sighing again, she rubbed both her temples with her hands. "A goddamn strike against my company. Civilians complaining about noises some of the machinery do, lack of space, etc." "Has it happened before?" "Years ago, when my grandfather Obi Wan was in charge. But that was a different case." She said arranging and organizing some of the documents. Even though the Kenobis had great connections and many allies in the business industry they also had foes on which many wanted to control over them and if not destroy the same company. Obi Wan lived for the brewery and its order. Rey couldn't imagine something her grandfather worked so hard over the years vanish. It will be her fault and she'll be a failure to the family. "There are ways to appease them. Good ways." She glanced at him with curiosity. "What do you mean Ben?" "I presume they have their own unions, right?" "...yes, they do" Still not getting what he was trying to tell. "What are you trying to tell me?" He stood up and walked to were Obi Wan's photograph was stopping in front of it. "Make an agreement with them, hear what they need to say." "We have done so before plus they won't listen." "Have you tried re-opening it?" Shaking her head in disbelief Rey began revising a document. "Trust me it would not work. Besides-" "No you haven't, Rey. You got to go deeper than that." He turned to face her. "I studied some management courses by the two years I spent in college. One of the things they teach you is to listen to their troubles and come to terms with each other." "I...don't know" Walking towards the desk he took a seat again. "That's not the Rey I know. Try it at least. I will help you, always." Smiling at him she extended her arm over the desk to grab his. Ben's hand caressing hers, brushing his fingertips over her hard knuckles. "I'm glad you've being supportive. Alright, I'll try to do that." Rey turned her palm upwards, making his pulse thicken and slow. Fingernails dragging across his skin. He grinned. "Good." Callused pads of his fingers dipping into the center of her palm. "We will meet Hux tomorrow. We're having a conference on the issue. You could bring your ideas to the table. Hux thinks he's better than anyone when it comes to proposals." His eyes were soft with amusement. "Don't get used to it, Miss Kenobi." Rey laughed, linking their fingers over the table and squeezing them affectionately. "I won't" "I'll leave you work then. Tomorrow will be tough." He said standing up. They both shared a kiss before he left the studio. A night they were not going to spend together in each others arms. Phasma had a luxurious apartment near the city. She had everything she always wanted. Growing around poverty made her realize she wanted more. She was tired of being surrounded by scum and poverty everywhere. Her family ashamed her and Phasma preferred to stay away from them as much as she could. Many of her classmates had money and dressed in expensive clothes, preferably designer ones. She got handmade clothing from her mother and it embarrassed her. Sure there was some poor students that also attended school with her, but she rejected their friendship while seeking the richer ones. When she started college, Phasma began working as a prostitute. College was expensive and since her family didn't have anything to help her prostitution was her last choice. All clients wanted her. She would pay for her studies with the money received. Years later, Phasma met a pimp who got enchanted with her. The man made her his wife in a wedding attended by hundreds of people. The repulsive life she had before was over, and Phasma practically became a queen. Servants did whatever she wanted and everyone obeyed her. It felt great controlling people. Over the time, she got tired of her husband and hired a hitman to get rid of him. She took over his business, life insurance, and fortune. Years later she'll establish her own agency; hire unemployed and college drop-outs to work as male escorts. Thanks to their services she was on top of other agencies around town. There were pictures of Kylo and Rey on top of her bed canopy. She had them hanging there, all from different internet sites. They were taken at the Calrissian event on Naboo. Grabbing one, Phasma tore it in half. She separated Kylo and Rey, tossing Rey's side aside. "You'll pay for what you did to me, Kylo. I'm the only one who decides your fate. Prepare for the consenquences now." She said while staring blankly at the picture in her grasp. Phasma began dialing a phone number. Waiting for a response she grabbed another picture from the canopy. "Coruscant Enquirer, how can we help you?" An airhead woman answered. "Yes, I would like to report on a huge scandal that will make you guys go insane." "We're listening!" "It's about Rey Kenobi." Lighting a cigarette and taking a seat at the edge of her bed. "She has been dating Ben Solo aka Kylo Ren, a current male escort for my company." Phasma has already played her first card... Notes: Thursday update! Things are starting to get very ugly for our lovers. I've been out of town for a few days but still I'm already working chapter 13. Thanks for reading! Chapter 13 : Everyone knows Summary: All hell broke loose, and another "steamy scene" between Ben and Rey. Again you've been warned. Hux was staring out of the window from his office with an annoyed expression on his face. Outside the building people were already gathered. Unions spent the night outside and whenever a car entered or exited the building people would hit the windows or even worse, break them. They were acting like wild animals. Hux was being accompanied by his own private security. He contacted Rey last night who took the news not in the best way. Even though he always had feelings for Rey he believed the woman was a poor leader and wasn't not fit for such an important task. Because of her rejection, Hux wanted to make her feel inferior and weak. Many in the company never liked him, neither trusted him. If only they knew how good of a leader he might be. He turned to his desk checking the time on his watch. Everyone was expecting Rey to start the meeting. He had the perfect plan to get rid of the protesters but it needed approval. And the only one who could give approvals was Rey. He remembered the first time he met her immediately falling for her at first sight. Until it started to bother him how she got things her way. Rey never listened to his advice, except Poe Dameron's whom he became jealous of. Poe always had the power to make the girl do what he advised. It was like he was the only person Rey trusted. It enraged Hux. No one will make you happy my dear , he thought. It'll be too late whenever you realize it. A knock at the door interrupted his thoughts. It slowly opened. "Sir, Ms. Kenobi has arrived." Adjusting his tie, he quickly grabbed the folders on his desk. "Thank you, I'll meet her in a minute." "Yes, sir." The secretary walked out closing the door. So, she came after all. Time to show her who has more knowledge on these type of matters. Others would laugh at her ignorance and lack of leadership. He couldn't wait. Hux left the office and headed to the conference room. For Rey and Ben to get inside the building was a tough job. Many protesters were gathering at the entrance, not allowing cars to enter or even exit. There was some cops trying to hold them away but still they didn't obey. Rey was driving her red Audi that her parents gave her in a birthday celebration. She never used it that much, unless she planned on staying at someone's home or late at a meeting. Thank goodness they got inside with no problems. Stepping out of the car, they could listen to the people gathered outside chanting obscene things, even mentioning Kenobi. She felt hurt. That was her family's name they were staining with insults and false allegations. As the last Kenobi, it was Rey's job to fight for what they had created and founded. Ben was wearing a dark blue modern business suit Finn got him while Rey wore a black pencil skirt with a dark blue blouse and red pumps. She wore her hair up in a high ponytail. Walking towards the entrance doors Rey immediately grabbed him by the arm. "Ben, remember to be careful with Hux and with anything hat he says. In any case, you can't answer a question just-" "Everything will be fine. I know what I have to say, Rey. Trust me here, alright?" Ben said, grabbing her by the waist and planting a kiss on her forehead. She nodded. They entered the building and accessed the elevator. It took them to the fifth floor where the conference room was located. Before walking into the room one secretary handed Rey a folder full of documents. Thanking her, they both got inside the room. Everyone was chatting at the same time making a lot of noise. Some were seated while others were on their feet. Hux observed Rey was already there clearing his throat louder as possible. The people in the room stopped talking and turned to see both Rey and Ben. "Thank you." She said taking a seat and gesturing Ben to sit beside Hux. "Good morning, Miss Kenobi. I guess you didn't have any trouble getting here?" Hux asked using his typical sarcastic tone. She could hear some quiet laughs from Hux's assistants. "We didn't, luckily." "Splendid! The rest of us didn't run the same luck, though." The quiet laughs continued. It was annoying her already. She saw that Ben was glaring at her. He gave her a wink to reassure her. "Can we begin the conference, please?" "But first," Hux said turning to look at Ben, "who would you be?" He stood up from his seat and introduced himself in front of all the businessmen gathered there. "I'm Ben Solo, Rey's partner and assistant. I'm here for the sole purpose of sharing my own proposals on this situation affecting the brewery, and to also support Rey Kenobi." Everyone in the room looked at one another. Some impressed with Ben's way of speaking while others like Hux were unamused. Rey's partner, eh? "Miss Kenobi we didn't know you were dating. However, you do realize this situation matters the most, right?" Hux asked her, putting her in a difficult situation. Before she could add something, Ben quickly came to her defense. "Of course Hux. This company is mostly Rey's life. She has worked hard for its success just like her grandfather did years ago. Rey is smart." Hux gave him a mad glare back. "Thank you, Ben." Rey said smiling at him. The man she loved was defending her something no other man has done for her before. "Now onto the problem the brewery is facing, I want to listen to everyone's proposals." Opening their folders two men began to talk about theirs first. Rey didn't find them helpful at all, except Hux as usual. Then, others brought theirs to the table somewhat convincing Rey and even Ben. Then it was Hux's time. "If I were the owner of this company I would immediately start shutting down certain facilities and cutting down workers payment. I've seen many not working the sufficient time to deserve such a quantity of money." Rey couldn't believe what he was saying. "So you're telling me to sacrifice my employers by not rightfully paying what they deserve? That's an injustice, Hux. I can't agree with you." Hux smirked at her, somewhat devilish. "Why don't we ask Mr. Solo then?" Turning to face him again. "What proposals would you suggest?" Ben looked at Rey who then gave him a reassuring smile. He always wanted to have his own business after graduating from college. He had some knowledge on certain matters. Clearing his throat, Ben grabbed some of the papers he had in his folder. "I do have a couple." Rising from his chair, Ben started talking to everyone in the room. "About firing workers by shutting down facilities as you mentioned won't solve the problem. In fact, it will create havoc. In order to calm people, we need to listen to their discomfort. Let's invite them here, listen to them. After that, we can get to an agreement. Unions have their leaders, don't they? Talk to them. You might say union leaders love to frighten civilians but it's a fact that you, Hux, are doing the same. Hux rose indignantly from his chair. "Mr. Solo you're clearly offending me. I would never do such a thing." Ben began walking around the room. "I'm just refuting your proposal. Since you love this company start by inviting these people here. Rey trusts you, Hux. Would you let her down?" Hux looked at Rey and then sat down again. "I didn't let this company down, Mr. Solo. Rey has done this to herself." "Why are you lying? You know I would never do something like it. Ben is right, listening to the people is our last option. It is you Hux the one who can't clearly accept the truth." Rey said raising her voice in her last sentence. Many of the people there looked at each other in silence. Ben remained standing, looking at Rey. They needed to make a decision as soon as possible. "Those of you who agree with Hux's proposal raise your hand," one of the men said. Only Hux and his assistants did so. "Those of you who agree with Mr. Solo's proposal raise your hand." Everyone did, except Hux. Rey then stood up, forming a smile on her lips. "We have a decision then. Starting tomorrow, you Hux will meet with the leaders of the unions. Mr. Solo's plan will be put into function. Are we clear?" Gritting his teeth and with an annoyed look, he agreed. "Great, meeting is dismissed. Have a good night everyone." It was already dark outside since the meeting took hours. Everyone left the room except Ben, Rey and Hux. The latter in a bad mood took his documents and prepared to leave, not before giving Rey a death glare. "Whatever happens, you know who's fault will it be." He then looked at Ben coldly. He then left the room almost slamming the door. Rey shook her head, turning to the table picking up her things. Ben then grabbed her from behind, kissing her neck and nipping at her ear while she fumbled with papers on the table. "Ben.. someone could catch us.." She really loved the sensation of his mouth brushing over her skin. "It doesn't bother me" He whispered in her ear. "I really wished you haven't worn this outfit" Rey continued on picking up some papers. "What about my outfit?" Giving her some more gentle kisses on the side of her neck thankful that her hair was pulled up. "Too tight around your curves," giving her some more kisses on her neck, "especially the skirt. It's making me go crazy...that kind of crazy." "Hmm, is that so?" She asked in a playful seductive tone. "Well, you'll have to control the urge until we get home where there's more privacy." True, they had rooms where they could have all the privacy of the world. It has been one day where they haven't had any intimacy since Naboo. Ben wanted to feel her body accepting his again, her soft hands running around his back. "What about if we change the rules and just start somewhere else?" He pointed to the conference table still holding her from behind. She absolutely laughed at his proposal. "Looks uncomfortable, but I guess we should give it a try" He then turned her around, facing him now, capturing her mouth. She quickly wrapped her arms around his neck while he pulled her closer by the waist. They kissed hard and deep, sucking hard on their lips. He broke the kiss gasping for air. "I love you, Rey," Ben told her, leaning both their heads together. She smiled widely. "I love you too, Ben." Kissing her hard again, he lifted her up sweeping everything from the table and placed her there. Ben slid her pencil skirt up to her thighs, fingers finding soft skin. "But let me lock the door first." "Fine, just hurry up." She said whispering almost as if she was longing for him. He did so then walking towards her. Holding her thighs, he kissed her again. Rey was aching for him, already feeling aroused. He started to unbutton her shirt sliding it down her arms and throwing it aside exposing her black lace bra. He slid both his hands them underneath her bra and cupped her breasts. Using his thumbs he rubbed them over her nipples, capturing them and making them hard. Rey moaned at his touch, tilting her head back from its pleasure. He kissed her lustfully. Smiling at her eagerness Ben used his free hand to pull off her undies throwing them aside. Holding her legs he spread them apart and dipped his tongue inside her opening, teasing sensitive tissues. "Ben, I..." Her voice trailed off as he slid his tongue into her folds, separating them. He curled it, raspy and hot as it flicked and lapped between the folds. His velvet tongue dipped into her nonstop, giving long licks over her entrance and up over her clit. Rey moaned softly as he continued to touch her again and again, stroking his hair with her free hand pushing him more into her core. She did a quick jump when Ben pursed his lips around her clit, sucking it hard into his mouth. Rey fell backward onto her elbows, pivoting her hips upward. Jolts of pleasure were running through her body as he gave some more quick sucks. She bit her lower lip trying to hold her moans. Abandoning her wet core he kissed the soft flesh of her inner thighs. Ben proceeded to unbuckle his pants pulling them down to his knees. Before he could continue he gave her a questioning look, waiting for her consent. His dark brown eyes glued to her hazel ones. Rey wrapped her arms around his neck and responded with a soft kiss, showing her consent. That's all he needed. He kissed her back passionately and pushed into her body. He started thrusting into her, slowly pulling his thick shaft out and then completely in again eliciting gasps of delight from her. Rey feared others could hear her as Ben continue his thrusting. All she could do was hold onto him with her legs wrapped around his waist and arms around his neck. Leaning forward he kissed her neck and jaw line pulling her closer to him. Continuous deep thrusts were making his blood rushed faster. He groaned as he gripped her hips tightly starting to thrust harder and faster into her, his breathing coming in hard gasps. Rey couldn't hold back her heated moans anymore totally giving in. Not even biting her lip worked. She pivoted her hips up, matching him for speed and rhythm. Every hard thrust rocked her body against the table making her clench. Ben shuddered and groaned over and over in her ear as he slid deeper and deeper into her. Their pace quickened; her entire body thrilling, trembling. The meeting table began to creak and shake by the harsh movements. Both were about to reach their climax. "Rey, I'm-I'm close..." His breathing sounding uneven now. Both were already at their limits. She pressed her legs around his waist tighter as he pushed himself in between her. With one last intense thrust and letting a harsh grunt he released inside of her; clenching his jaw and fearing it would snap any moment. He clamped his hand over Rey's mouth so that nobody could hear the loud orgasm that was shattering her whole body.They slowed down, exhausted. He leaned forward and gave Rey another slow, mind-numbing kiss on her lips . Ben was shaking as he gently pulled out of Rey's body, struggling to keep from slumping to the ground. She remained to lie there, still trying to catch her breath. Her chest heaving up and down. He then sit down in one of the table chairs and adjusted his pants. It felt amazing seen her fall apart like that again. He raked a hand through his disheveled hair. Rey sat up and adjusted her bra. "Do you think they heard us?" She asked, fixing her hair. "I don't think they'll be sticking around this late at night," Ben said standing up, picking her undies and shirt from the floor. " But who knows?" When he was about to lend her both things Rey drew him near for a kiss. "Today you were great. You should have seen Hux's expression when you elaborated in front of everyone." "I think he hates me too," he mocked, sighing into her mouth when he kisses her. "He hates me, everyone.. In fact, I could care less." She put on her undies and then her shirt. "Hux has no other choice, it's for his sake." "I'm really convinced my plan will work. Say what you want but he seems efficient on what he does. I know now that he wishes to be in your position." Ben helped her getting off the table. "Because he thinks is that easy. I can't wait for tomorrow and see how things will go." They walked out of the room seeing the coast was clear. Everyone apparently left as they initially expected. Again they didn't have any problem exiting the building. There were a few protesters outside but nothing to be aware of. Ben decided to drive home this time. Finn went outside his apartment to look up for the newspaper. He always bought it at a local coffee shop at the corner of the street. It was pretty chilly outside and he rubbed both his hands together to keep out the cold. Inside the coffee shop now, he quickly ordered breakfast. Nothing like hot coffee and croissants in the morning! Paying for his order he took a seat and began reading the paper. The protest at the Kenobi Brewery topic occupied the front cover. He knew Rey was going through a hard time, but she told him that Ben was helping her and he convinced Hux with a plan. Rey also told him that she and Ben were officially a couple and that they started a serious relationship after getting back from Naboo. Finn was reluctant after hearing such news. Rey thanked him for helping Ben when he needed most. The small waitress delivered Finn his coffee and croissants. "Thank you." He said politely, turning the pages and taking a bite of his croissant he began reading the main article about the protests. There was a photograph of Rey driving her red Audi with a passenger not identified. Finn presumed it was Kylo. If they were a couple now he would be with her at all times. Turning a couple of more pages he stopped at the entertaining section. Everything was gossip and interviews with celebrities. Finn read a couple until his attention turned to another article. On it, there was a photograph of Lando Calrissian. He was nicely dressed from head to toe. The article discussed the social event that took place on Naboo and how the guests enjoyed it. Then there was another article below. Finn's heart made a jump when he read the headline. Shocking news! Rey Kenobi dating a male escort. Another photograph of Lando Calrissian, with Rey Kenobi and Ben Solo was part of that article. It made Finn choked on his croissant, coughing nonstop. This alerted the waitress who quickly served him a glass of water and patted his back to ease his coughing. "Sir, are you alright!?" Finn took a drink of it still having trouble breathing. "Is this today's newspaper?" He asked the woman. "Um, yes.. why?" She asked wearing a curious expression. Taking another drink he gestured that he was fine. "I'm okay now, here." The waitress took the glass and got back to the counter still giving him worried looks. Taking a deep breath he continued reading. Apparently Ben Solo, known as Kylo Ren, was a male escort who worked for an agency owned by a woman named Phasma. He has been offering his services for a couple of years now in Coruscant. Phasma described Kylo Ren as an opportunist who only get with rich women to obtain money and a high social status. It also said that Rey Kenobi did, in fact, knew about his real job and was keeping it a secret to the world. "My god Rey, what are you doing girl?" Finn asked himself leaning back on his chair and looking out of the window. "So this is why you never told me about Kylo's past then..." He hurriedly left the coffee shop grabbing his phone to call her. What was going on? Weren't they friends? Could Kylo be using her to get easy money? Was this Phasma woman telling the truth? He needed to talk to his friend and notify her about this. Finn was going to warn her about Ben Solo. Rey woke up surrounded in heat. Ben's long arms wrapped around her. It would look as if he was holding on for dear life. This was the first night they spend after Naboo. She ran her hand through his bare chest making him move at her touch. The ray of bright sun on a shining spring morning entered her room through the window next to the bed. Not wanting to wake him up Rey carefully slipped out of his arms and off the edge of bed. She reached for her nightgown and put it on. Stretching, she walked to the window to look outside. She loved contemplating the woods every morning after waking up. Some movement outside caught her attention. All the housekeepers gathered outside and were like reading something. Some were covering their mouths in shock. Rey wondered what could be the reason for them to be acting like that. Unkar then appeared and one of the women showed him what it looked like to be a newspaper. Rey couldn't tell from the distance, but it looked like one. What gave her the chills next that they all looked to her window noticing that she was watching them. They quickly separated and walked back into the house as if nothing happened. Unkar folded the paper putting it inside his coat. Strong arms wrapped around her from behind in a warm embrace. "Good morning," Ben said, kissing her neck softly. She turned around and pressed a quick kiss to his lips. "Did I wake you up?" "No," cupping her cheek gently with his hand, "I just felt you weren't near me that's all" She smiled at him affectionately, leaning against his chest. "Ben, I really don't know what would I do if I lose you. All this time, the belonging I've been seeking was actually you. I don't need to feel alone anymore." Those words, that sincerity made his heart leap and hurt. He deeply knew he wasn't the right choice for a woman like her to love. She was pure while he never wasn't. But life was perhaps giving him another opportunity; to love and feel loved. It has been years that Ben hasn't sensed real love from anybody towards him. Maybe his mother, Leia. But she stopped being a caring mother to be the wife instead. He still loved his mother even though she practically spend her entire life pursuing his late alcoholic father. "Thank you, Rey" pulling her closer and planting a kiss on her head. "You've...changed my life." "I did?" "Yes," he murmured. "You don't know how happy you make me." Tilting her head back she smiled at him. "I can live with that." Ben kissed her lips softly and then leaned his head on hers. "I'm going to take a quick shower. I'll be out soon." After Ben went to take a shower, Rey began checking her phone. She slid her fingers across the screen to the text messages, scrolling through her text messages. Not finding anything she tossed the phone to the bed until it vibrated. Sighing, she reached for it again. What she saw next made her heart jumped. A text message from Finn telling her to call him immediately after he read a shocking article in the newspaper. Turning back to look at the bathroom's door she dialed him. "Rey! Oh my goodness you called back!" Sounding like if he was out of the air. "Finn, what's going on? You're worrying me, especially with that text." "Theres.." He didn't know how to even start. Looking back at the bathroom again, Rey decided to step out of her room and walk to the hallway. "There's what?" Finn swallowed nervously. "Rey, there's an article... Oh my god, I don't even fucking know how to tell you!" "Just calm down, okay? Please." "It's about you and Ben. Everyone knows now what he truly is." Rey went mute almost dropping the phone on the floor. Finn's words running through her mind... e veryone knows now what he truly is . "Rey? Are you there?" Finn asked, almost wondered if she'd hung up after a brief pause. Her words then caught him off guard. "What else does that article mentions?" "That you knew about Kylo's real job and hold it as a secret. That's he wants your money.." "That not true!" Letting that out she broke out crying. "He loves me and is not like people say, Finn!" "Rey..." "No! He has brought happiness to my life like no one has ever done. I'm not going to leave him." "N-No Rey... I don't mean that. I'm worried about you, your reputation after this." She thought of hanging up but Finn was her only friend. Ben... "Hey, Rey? " Ben was calling her out from the bedroom. "Why the hell this needs to happen to me?" She needed to calm down, that for sure. "I don't feel like talking right now." "Alright, I will come by this afternoon if you need to talk to someone later on." "Finn, I-I have to g... Ben is..." Tears rolled down her face, covering her mouth Rey sobbed quietly. And just when life was turning out to be great for both. Chapter 14 : Gone Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben emerged from the shower, dried himself, and then went to the bedroom. There was no sight of Rey though. Where could she have gone? he wondered. Her phone was nowhere to be found either. He walked to the window and didn't saw anything peculiar outside. An important call perhaps? Maybe, but she was very reserved and at the moment was not decently dressed. "Rey?" he called out to her, scratching the back of his neck. No answer. He was going to patiently wait for her and started to get dressed. Many thoughts ran through his mind while showering. All of them very positive. Marrying Rey and starting a family was one, but his main priority was to finish his studies. It was time to start over again, full of hopes and dreams. Life was offering him a second chance and Ben wasn't going to waste it. Not this time. Finishing on putting his shirt on, the door carefully opened behind him. Rey came into the room looking strange; looking sad . Her eyes were red as if she had been crying. "Rey," he said in a worried tone and stepping closer to her. "What's wrong?" “No uh, nothing really.” She lied, shaking her head in denial. “Just went outside to get some fresh air.” She chewed on her lower lip, trying not to cry. Ben saw it and took another closer step. “You’re lying." His tone very serene this time. "Something happened Rey, and I want to know what .” Not holding his gaze. “Why would I be lying to you?” “Because of those eyes which are hiding pain, sadness,” Gently cupping her chin. “Not even looking at me.” Moving her face away from him, she ran a hand through her hair in frustration. She tried to control herself, but in the end, it was a loose battle. “Ben please you're…” “Please," holding her by the shoulder, "Tell me the truth. Don't you trust me, Rey?” Their foreheads now touching. "We love each other don't we?" Those last words were enough to make her heart swell with bitter pain. "I-I'm scared..." Rey couldn't hold it anymore bursting in tears. This undid him, quickly pulling her closer to his chest. “Then you shouldn’t be. Is nothing like you at all." “Ben...They want to separate us, everyone!" “Who's they , Rey?” Staring deeply into her hazel eyes with a desperate look. "Who wants to break us apart?" She couldn't keep it any longer and took a deep shaky breath. “Finn called me and said that a newspaper revealed your former escort job. That…” Her voice was shaking. “That I knew it all.. and that you were only up for my money." After hearing such confession, Ben felt his world began to fall apart again. His past was still chasing him and always will. Even though he felt like it, Ben couldn’t bear seeing Rey suffering like this. All because of him. Holding her face with his hands he made her eyes lock with his. "Sooner or later they were going to find out. Rey, we can't deny that. The past will continue to chase me no matter what." He turned around and took a few steps towards the bed. "However, you don't deserve this. Not deserve me." He murmured. "Ben..." "Rey, you've made me change for the best. All this time that we have spent together it has been the greatest." He turned around to face her. "The least you deserve is humiliation because of who am I." "But you haven't! How can you say that? What we have is.." He put his finger to her lips to silence her. "I love you..." Ben finally said. His aching heart couldn't bear any longer what he did to her. "Just want you to remember that, always." What did he mean with remember ? Could he be leaving her, or only just reassuring her? Rey scanned his eyes for any sign of response or clue. She swore his eyes appeared watery. She then grabbed his hand "We will work things out. I'll call Poe and he might do something about it. Without any answer, he pulled her closer to him claiming her lips. Ben kissed her deeply, groaning as he kept pulling her firmly to his body. He again desired her, wanted her, felt hungry for her. However, it was impossible now. He was kissing Rey for the last time. Breaking the kiss, he then walked past her to the door a little unsteadily. "Wait, Ben." He stopped in his tracks after she called him out. "Where are you going?" Rey asked, sounding innocent. The sound of her voice struck him in the gut almost preventing him from speaking. "I'll be in my room," Ben said quietly, without facing her. How the fuck was he going to face her after everything that happened? After all the things he did to her? She didn't say any other word and watched as he left her chamber. Rey sat on the nearest chair to the window and sobbed quietly. Back in the room, Ben had the urge to trash and destroy everything out of rage. He wanted to kill the bastard who revealed his past with the sole purpose of not only mark him, but also Rey. Rey... It was all his fault. If only he never fell in love with her in the first place any of this wouldn't have happened. He possessed her entirely, discovered her most intimate secrets, and made her crumble in his arms. Whoever wanted to break them apart was someone close to them. He thought about Finn, but he was devoted to Rey and seemed like the person who wouldn't have done such a thing. The housemaids never suspected of their relationship always seeing them as partners only. There was also Mrs. Snoke and... His phone began to ring. Fumed, he grabbed the annoying object about to throw it against the mirror. All he wanted was to be left alone and not to be bothered. He halted from doing so and instead tossed it on the bed. The phone ceased ringing. He sat on the bed with his head dropped, unable to think of something. Is destiny that cruel? Since childhood his life was full of misery especially having an alcoholic father and a submissive mother who never said ' No' for an answer. Young Ben was always in the middle of chaos. He was slowly giving up on everything. The phone rang again and this time, he was going to answer it. Looking at the screen he saw who was the caller; Phasma. An unexpected realization hit him. He raked a hand through his hair and angrily tapped the answer button. “Bet you were the one who told the press about us. Didn't you?” Ben angrily asked. In return, Phasma laughed amusedly. “My dear Kylo, always the charming one. Did you really think an insignificant escort would someday marry Rey Kenobi?" He gritted his teeth, “Don't say her name. Thanks to you, her reputation is stained.” “And that for never taking my calls. Give up Kylo. A person like you would never lead a respectful life. That girl deserves better and you know it. You belong with me.” This enraged Ben. He wanted to hang up on her, but doing so would bring more problems. “Listen bitch I’m not going back. I will no longer offer my services.” He paced restlessly around the room, rubbing his throbbing temple. She was getting on his nerves. "Rey and I love each other and that's what matters. I'm no longer Kylo Ren, but instead Ben Solo." “Ben Solo?" She laughed again. "That's not the case for me and others. Have you forgotten that Coruscant’s society would love to know more about your famous past? Mrs. Snoke's husband for example. Whenever he finds out you’ll be in serious trouble, my dear.” Ben started to feel hopeless. Phasma was right after all. “Just leave Rey out of this. The one who should be blamed is me.” “Excellent. That means you’ll leave her place. Am I right?” He had no choice. Rey deserved better; a wealthy husband and a loving family. Even if it break his heart into million pieces it was the best way to stop this scandal. Rey was the woman he loved and would always be. “Yes” "I'm glad you realize how absurd you were before. Now, we have business to take care of. Tell her driver to take you here. Would you do that?” He tried to retain his composure and took a deep breath before answering. "I will" "Good. Expect to meet me here tomorrow morning. Do not try to play me or else." Phasma then hung up. Finally, Ben threw his phone at the wall, out of pure rage, shattering it into pieces. He then lashed out, smashing the mirror many times with his fists which were all bloody now. He was defeated and all weak in the end. That's how Han Solo, his father, referred to his son. His father's only compliment to him was that of being weak. His fists were all bruised and bloody but that didn't hurt. It was his aching heart what hurt. Ben sat down on the bed and remembered the way her lips felt against his, their first night in Naboo, and her beautiful smile. That smile that radiated light. “Rey…I'm sorry.” Tired of the weird looks her employees were giving her in the house, Rey decided to stay in her room instead of her studio. Poe called her and both decided to meet with Ben the next day to discuss the scandal. Rey was relieved but also impressed that Poe took the news calmly. She lied to Poe and felt guilty about it. Apparently he always suspected of something but remained quiet. Finn arrived a few minutes later, allowing her to cry on his shoulder. They were both sitting on the bed. She couldn't stop crying and telling him over and over again about how everything was her fault. "For the millionth time Rey, it is not your fault!" Sniffing up her nose she then looked away. "How can you tell me that, Finn? I was the one who technically exposed him." He sighed, scratching the back of his head. "Don't tell me this happening never crossed your mind. And by the way, you could do so much better." "Ben is a good man," Rey objected in a defensive mode. "During all this time, I've learned to respect and value him. He has endured so much pain that you wouldn't even know." Rey wondered what could he be doing. He may wish to be left alone, though. That last kiss made her legs go weak as usual. Every time he kissed her like that she expected more. “Rey, I'm just worried about you. We don't know if someone he knows is behind all of this. What if he's the one who did this?” She gasped. “ Enough of this! It wasn't him, period! My heart tells me so. I was the one who practically forced him to work for me... Why? " Finn quickly embraced her, almost cradling her. “I'm sorry, I didn't mean to. But you know what? I hate seeing you like this." "Thanks, Finn." Finn let a chuckle. "For nothing. What are you going to then?” “I..I don't know" She murmured. "I can’t face right him now. Tomorrow hopefully we'll talk. Poe will be present too.” "Well, at least he knows what to do. Just have some faith in the guy." Even though Finn's words calmed her, Rey still had a bad feeling. I'm leaving tonight. Ben finished packing all his things. He decided to leave that night without no one knowing, except Unkar Plutt. The driver needed to take him back to the agency. He put on his gray coat and grabbed his bag. Taking a look at the now broken mirror he was back to his former self; Kylo Ren. He bandaged his fists and planned on going to the hospital to have them checked. It is now or never. She deserves better, not scum like you. He left the room not once looking back. While walking through the hallway he was approaching her room. Ben stopped in front of it. The urge to go inside and take her in his arms consumed him. No. Rey must hate him now. "My Rey..." he mumbled. That door prevented both from seeing each other. He wondered what could possible she was doing. Perhaps sleeping? Wishing he could just go away forever? Didn't matter anymore. It was over. Inside the room, Rey felt as if someone was near the door. She was holding on a pillow, eyes swollen and red from crying a lot. Could it be him? She slowly slipped from the bed and walked slowly towards the door. She fixed her hair and frumpy nightgown. Reaching carefully for the door knob her arm was shaking. Rey hesitated and lowered her hand. "Maybe it’s my imagination," she thought. She took some steps backwards and returned to the bed. It was late already and tomorrow she and Ben would have a meeting with Poe. Outside her room, Ben still stood there. He felt tears began to form in his eyes. “Goodbye, Rey…” He walked away, not looking back. Notes: Here I am back with some more. I was planning on not continuing this because of my busy life and also the lack of motivation. The many hits and kudos put me back on track. So Ben has gone after the scandal, and Rey is left alone. Next chapter things will start to get complicated for Rey. Chapter 15 : Expect the unexpected Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Two months had passed since Ben's departure. Rey tried to start things over again but it wasn't an easy task, not without him. Many believed that something was draining the living out of her. Night after night, sometimes unable to sleep, she couldn't stop having dreams even nightmares. The morning he left, she woke up feeling uneasy. Rey couldn't sleep the night before having a bad feeling. The first thing she did was head to his bedroom. She needed to see him, be in his arms after all the stressful things that happened. What Rey found next left her devastated. Ben's things weren't in the room anymore and there was no sight of him either. She quickly started looking for him with no luck whatsoever. He was gone. He abandoned her. The only thing left behind was a letter from him. As she opened it Rey closed her eyes, trying to calm herself. She began to read it. Rey, I can’t go on making you suffer like this. Because of me, your reputation got damaged. A decent woman like you deserves someone better who would bring the stars down your feet and make you his queen. I'm not the right man for such a task, Rey. The time we share together was precious to me. You showed me the real meaning of love something no other woman have done before. I'm sorry for what I did to you, my love. I'll always love you and that's for sure. Ben After reading the letter, Rey dropped on her knees and started crying. "Why...WHY?!" Rey yelled in frustration. "Why you did this to me Ben?" Tears fell on the floor as she wept, still holding the letter on her hand. That was the bad feeling she had the entire night. "How was I so stupid to let you go? Why I didn't do something..." She blamed herself over and over again. Rey knew she lost him forever. Many nights she had dreams about her late grandfather too. How she always looked up to him and the way he was towards others. Obi Wan had confidence in Rey and couldn't wait for her to take over the brewery someday. But that wasn't how things, in the end, turned out. Rey believed she failed him. The company would go to hell sooner or later because of her inability as owner. Rey's moods changed too. At work, she would have occasional arguments with Hux and typically he would blame her for everything. After the scandal, Hux took the opportunity to throw it on her face. Instead of calling Ben by his name, Hux referred to him as her 'lovely escort'. It hurt, it really did. She really wanted to fire Hux however, he was an asset to the brewery and maintained everything in order. Of course, Rey knew Hux has been interested in her for years now but his arrogance was just too much. Her heart belonged to only one man already. That man who left her with the sole purpose of not causing her suffering. The only people who didn't have any trouble with her moods so far were Finn and Poe. They both comprehended her unconditional love for Ben. Rey couldn't ask for better friends. It was a Friday afternoon and Poe invited Rey to have some lunch considering he had the day off. They went to Mustafar , a fine Greek restaurant located in the heart of Coruscant. Poe ordered some Greek style burgers while Rey some Greek salad. In one occasion, Poe asked her if she had news about Ben's whereabouts with her quickly adding that she didn't want to talk about it. Poe then changed the subject. "So," After taking a bite from his burger, "how are things going with the brewery lately?" "It's been the same," Rey replied having a drink of water. "Hux continues on being an ass and his loyal minions barely listen to what I got to say." Poe took a sip of his whiskey. "Typical Hux I see. Some people never change." "He treats me worse now after what happened. Honestly, I don't need more negativity in my life. Hux is just a very negative person. " "Wasn't Ben better than him? Oh uh, sorry about bringing the topic again... " Poe excused himself. Rey smiled at that, fiddling with her elegant fingers. "It's fine, and yes he was. Thanks to Ben the strike started to cease and things changed for the better." "I know that you still harbor feelings for him but don't you think it's time to move on?" Rey scowled at him. "Poe, I already did a long time ago. And can we please not just go there?" "Fine, sorry." He said apologizing. Their food was served. They both talked about the restaurant while having lunch. “No other restaurant can’t beat this one. The food here is amazing." Poe then talked about other restaurants that he has been before and their menus. The conversation was all now about food and drinks. Rey was eating calmly her lunch, paying attention to everything he was saying. After a while, she started to feel dizzy and somewhat sick. Cold sweat began to damp her whole body. She closed her eyes trying to make the horrible feeling go away. Poe noticed that she was rubbing her left temple as if trying to ease any dizziness. “Hey, do you feel okay?” He asked her very worriedly. She stopped rubbing her temple and looked at him. “I don't know. All of a sudden, I felt dizzy… and my stomach guH-“ Covering her mouth, she excused herself with a hand gesture and quickly went to the bathroom. Lifting the toilet seat, Rey dropped on her knees and threw up. She was breathing fast and having a fit of coughing. After Rey finished throwing up all the food consumed during the day, she stood up struggling to keep from slumping to the ground and flushed the toilet. She turned on the faucet and splashed some cold water on her face. Looking at the mirror some wet strands of hair were in her face and lips were pale. Must have been this morning's breakfast , she thought. Turning the faucet off, she pulled the last paper towel from the dispenser and dried her face and neck. Before exiting the restroom Rey adjusted her shirt and the strands of hair in her face. Walking towards the table she saw that Poe didn’t touch his food. “I'm so sorry. Breakfast this morning kind of ruined my stomach.” He nodded in reply giving her a concerned look. “I'm not worried about me, but more about you...” “Don’t worry, I’m fine. It'll pass in a couple of seconds." She tried to continue eating the salad but found it nasty, dropping the fork in the plate. "I don’t think I can finish this anymore.” Pointing at the still full plate. “After vomiting of course you won't. Let’s pay and leave, you need some rest.” Poe suggested. "Yes..sure." Rey took the last drink of her water and wiped her mouth with a napkin. Poe paid the bill while she left a tip. The weird symptoms continued over the next week turning more frequent. Rey always ate healthily and exercised on a daily basis. She would wake up vomiting and spent an entire day feeling sick. Thankfully she didn't vomit that morning. Each day she would feel worse than ever. Maybe it was due to stress from the company or lack of sleep since that day, since his departure. Finn was going to help her with pruning in the rose field that day, but as usual, Rey was lying down feeling dizzy and nauseous. In a matter of minutes, she would feel the better thought. Both Rey and Finn walked to the rose field to check on some of the flowers. The day was warm and great to be outdoors. "How do you have the patience to work with.. owh!" Finn yelled after accidentally touching a thorn. "Dammit, that hurt!" "Here," Rey passed him a pair of thick gloves to avoid getting hurt again. "I guess is something inherited from my granfather. Oh and you need to get used to it!" Finn put on the gloves and helped Rey to remove buds from a couple of stems. "When are you going t "Can I come too?" She asked in a mocking tone. Finn shook his head. "Same old Rey." "Oh c'mon Finney! This girl over here needs some vacations, some fresh new air..." He then smiled at her. "Good to see that the old cheerfull you is coming back." "On the outside, but still empty on the inside." Rey admitted, turning her back to Finn pretending to go look for more roses. "I see," He mumbled. Seeing her like that made him feel useless as a friend. Why didn't Ben fought for her and their love? Didn't he loved her enough? Perhaps, who knows? Rey stood on the spot where Ben kissed her for the first time. She remembered how he held her small frame, making her legs go weak. She slowly traced her lips with her fingers, remembering the way the kiss went, trying to feel the sensation. It was also the first time she had her first sexual awakening; a feeling she craved so much from him. Where could Ben be right now? Maybe in college as he wished to do so, or back at that agency? Rey didn't wanted to think about the possibility of the latter because very deep in her heart he chose wisely. Setting all those thoughts aside she almost stepped on a rose laying on the ground. When Rey was about to pick it up she unexpectedly felt dizzy, falling down but not losing consciousness. “REY!” Finn yelled, running towards her. He helped her to sit up. “Rey! Are you alright?” She rubbed her temples with both hands. “Everything spun around me and... it’s probably the weather.” Finn helped her to stand up. He then walked her back to the house. “You’ve been feeling sick lately. Even Poe told me about the incident back in the Greek restaurant. What’s wrong with you?” “You both need to stop worrying so much! I’m damn fine! It’s just a stomach flu.” "Let's go back to you room." Finn walked with her back to the house, holding her hand. They stepped inside her room and she quickly lay down on the bed. Finn suspected something and wanted to get to the bottom of this. He swiftly sat by her side. He cleared his throat. “Be honest with me girl. When was the last time you had your period?" Rey gave him a questioning look. “Why are you asking me this? I told you already it must be a stomach virus or something. Things like that happen a lot, Finn.” Finn holds her by her shoulders with a worried expression on his features. “Rey, you’re like the sister I never had. C’mon, don’t we trust each other?” “Yes we do but you-“ “But nothing! I'm worried and it looks like a serious condition." Rey sighed. "Finn please... not now.." "I will ask you again; W hen was the last time you got your period?” His tone losing the usual teasing quality, sounding more honest now. Rey sighed shakily again, running a hand at the back of her neck. “Since last month. That's the only time I missed it.” Finn's eyes widened after hearing that response. Rey already suspected his thoughts. “Finn… it's not what you're probably thinking.” “But what if you are? Missing a period can be a sign of pregnancy!” Angrily, she turned around in bed, not facing him anymore. “Look, I’ll visit the doctor tomorrow. I'm going to laugh at you when it turns out to be nothing. Happy now?" “Yeah. Much better. But I am also going with you.” Rey sigh. “Fine... but promise me to stay all calm.” Turning around in bed to face him again. "Will you do that for me?" “I promise. Rest now please. Forget about the company and the roses, just stay calm." "Thanks, Finn. I'll try anyways." He then lowered his head and kissed her forehead. "Have a good night, peanut. See you tomorrow." Finn then left a pensive Rey. Both Rey and Finn were at Dr. San Tekka’s office the next morning. He was the doctor of the Kenobi family and an old friend of Obi Wan. He was all aged now but still considered one of the best in town. After checking Rey, he dribbled down some things in his notepad. She turned impatient, thinking it was just probably a stomach flu. Finn, Poe and everyone else would see there was nothing to worry about. San Tekka finished taking notes and put down his pen ready to talk to her. Before he could say anything he took a deep breath. “Do not fear my child, it seems your condition is not so bad after all.” The old man said giving her a reassuring smile. “So uh, what do I have then?" Rey asked feeling nervous and fiddling with her fingers, a thing she was accustomed to do frequently in situations like that. Leaning back in his chair, he took off the stethoscope from his neck gently placing it on the desk. “Let's say some big responsibility for the rest of your existence. You must start taking care of yourself so that Obi Wan’s great grandchild can be brought healthy to this world.” She swallowed thickly after hearing those words. Her heart wanted to jump out of her mouth. “Did you just say, great grandchild?” “Yes," San Tekka replied fondly smiling at her. "You’re eight weeks pregnant. Initially, pregnant women present those type of symptoms. Their bodies also start changing. Didn't you noticed anything different in yours?” "Not really" Rey mumbled still shocked by the news. "Well, those changes could also appear more ahead." He handed her the note he wrote. "Here's the date for your first ultrasound." Her hands were shaking badly when she took it. "The objective is to view the fetus growing inside your womb." Fetus... womb... baby. Rey wanted everything to be just a bad dream, to wake up already. But in reality, it was not possible. Finn was right, she was pregnant indeed. She was going to be a mother. She was going to give Ben a child. “Who’s the father if I may ask of course?” Doctor San Tekka promptly asked. Her heart made a jump out of her again. This time, tears began forming in her eyes and furiously blinked. Dr. San Tekka noticed this. “What’s wrong my child? You seem to be underwhelmed instead of happy after such news!” “I know, but it-it was not planned doctor,” Rey answered in a shaky voice, wiping her tears with the back of her palms. “A fatherless child?” “No…” Tears spilled down her cheeks again. “There is someone but what does it matter anyway." Standing up, she folded the note were the appointment date was and prepared to leave the office. "It’s a long story doctor and I really don’t want to take more of your time.” San Tekka also stood up. He held compassionate expression on his face towards the girl. "Whatever that might be I truly believe things will get better for you and your future child. You're like your late grandfather, Rey." "Thank you, doctor." Both shook hands. " Rey left the office and headed to where Finn was waiting. Noticing her broken expression, he put a hand on her shoulder. Not saying anything Rey hugged him. She started sobbing quietly at his embrace. "Finn, you were so right..." “She’s been stabilized now. You may go and see her.” A nurse told Ben before she walked away. Raking a hand through his hair Ben stepped into the room. She was sleeping peacefully perhaps due to sedations after a complicated surgery. He stood there in front of the bed where she laid. Memories started to race in his mind of the few wonderful times they had as a family. Those moments remained within him. Some months ago he resented Han Solo for making their lives miserable even refusing to call him dad or consider him one. Now, Ben decided to see things differently after what his mother endured. The night he left Rey he was called by his mother's neighbor, Korr Sella. The young neighbor helped his mother in anything she could. Unfortunately, Korr got called to enroll in a college outside Coruscant and needed to move. She told Ben that it was his mother the one who wished him to be by her side. They spent years without seeing or knowing of each other after he left college to become a male escort. Phasma was still in the center of his life. For one, she separated him and Rey. Why wouldn't she do the same thing to him and his mother? Nothing could stop Phasma for getting what she wants. Surprisingly Phasma let Ben stay with his mother for a while to take care of her. That she allowed only. She loved controlling him like a puppet and having him by her wrath. He hadn't started working for her yet, though. As of now, Rey has been the last woman to have intimacy with him. My Rey of light... With each passing day, he couldn't get her out of his mind. Those green/brown eyes, her creamy soft skin, the sensation of her breath against his while devouring each other's lips. Also, that courage and determination which made him go crazy about her. No he only loved her, but also admire her like no other woman he had met before. He thought that she must have already found a suitable partner, someone much better than him. He wondered if she was happy now. Ben dragged a chair from across the room and sat by his mother's side. He carefully placed his hand on hers, then affectionally holding it. "Mom, it's all over now." He said in a lower tone. No response from her. The only hearable sounds were the hospital machines. He remembered how gorgeous she was years ago, occasionally wearing her hair in two side buns. Now, her hair was gray with still some brown streaks remaining. Ben also yearned for her cooking since she was always in bed. Those two months have been the hardest ones in his life. “Mr. Solo I presume?” A raspy voice startled Ben and immediately turned to its direction. It was an aged man wearing a white coat and carrying a clipboard with some sheets in it. Ben rose up and walked towards the man. “I’m Doctor San Tekka," he said shaking hands with Ben. "and Leia's primary care physician. I apologize for being late. Pregnancy cases to attend, you know." Ben nodded, drying his sweaty hands in his pants. “How is she, doctor?" San Tekka walked towards Leia and started checking her. Using his stethoscope he listened to her heart, her lungs, and then the vital signs. He counted her pulse rate while checking his watch. "Stable, for now. However, her condition is deteriorating." This made Ben grip his jaw out of frustration. "And what about all the treatments and medication these past months? Has nothing worked?" "Mrs. Organa has gone under treatment for a year now. Still, I'm afraid to say it's advanced." San Tekka responded while checking her eyes using a swinging flashlight. Shaking his head in pure frustration he ran a hand through his hair. "You're telling me there's no hope, right? Just... just tell the truth for fucks sake!" Ben yelled at the doctor who in return gave him a compassionate look. "We've being told that she would survive this ordeal and now this..." The doctor gently took hold of Ben's arm. "Come, we should discuss it outside. It doesn't do any good for her to be listening." The old man walked out of the room, gesturing Ben to follow him. He gave another look to Leia who kept sleeping peacefully. Both were outside the room. San Tekka guided Ben towards the end of the hallway. He saw despair on Ben's face wanting to know the truth behind his mother's illness. "I want to know everything doctor." "Very well," The old man said taking a deep breath before proceeding. "We've detected that cancer cells had spread to her other lung now to the point where both lungs will fail at any moment." Ben felt something heavy pressing him down. The doctor continued after he didn't get any answer from him. "Mrs. Organa is now metastasized with just a couple of days to live." There was nothing he could do to help his mother now. Metastasized; that is her current condition now. Upon this Ben clenched his fists and gnashed his teeth, turning around away from San Tekka. He wanted to scream, punch something to the point of bleeding and cause himself harm. Everything he touched and loved was taken away from him. First Rey, now it's his mother Leia. The doctor then firmly gripped his hand on Ben's shoulder. "The best you could do is to make her feel happy and cared. I know you have done an excellent job so far, Mr. Solo." Ben remained quiet, still trying to process his mother's final diagnosis. "I have to get going now. She will continue to be put under sedation for the entire night. Tomorrow morning I'll come by to check on her. Be strong now, young man." San Tekka proceeded to see another patient leaving Ben there. He couldn't move from where he was standing. Everything was crumbling around him and perhaps he was destined to be all alone. Notes: Short chapter mainly about health. Our queen is expecting and Ben spent those two months taking care of an ill Leia, still unaware that he is going to become a father. Chapter 16 : Reunion Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) No one in the manor knew about Rey’s pregnancy yet. To avoid another scandal it was for the best to keep it behind closed doors. The only persons who knew were Finn, and also Poe who had his suspicions alright. After the whole ordeal in the restaurant, it was clear to him what was happening to her. However, Rey trusted both of them. That morning she was in her private studio looking out the window. The skies were clear and there was no sign of bad weather as of yet. Many times it would be cloudy; the typical weather in Coruscant. She was delicately rubbing her belly knowing that in a few months, a baby will be born. In reality, it made her feel anxious. She planned on wearing loose shirts to avoid speculation from people. In a couple of months, her small belly will turn out to be massive which will result in a problem. What hurt her the most was that Doctor San Tekka was probably right. The baby possibly won't have a father. She shook her head trying to set those thoughts away and focus on other things. But In the end, Ben Solo was all she could think about. She wondered if he liked children or felt comfortable being around them. Does he even know how to change a diaper? She also didn't have any experience but maybe someone could help her; Maz Kanata. Maz Kanata was the owner of Rey's favorite spa, and a former nurse too. She had experience working with pregnant women so she was an option for Rey to consider. Rey expected her that morning to talk about the situation and help her out too. She then remembered last week's ultrasound appointment. Rey went alone since Finn couldn't accompany her that day because he was traveling. It was one of the most wonderful experiences ever after hearing her baby's heartbeat and seeing an image too. (Flashback) "Are those sounds heartbeats?" Rey asked a female doctor who was performing the ultrasound using a wand over her abdomen. She couldn’t stop asking the doctor if the heartbeats were normal or if the baby was all healthy. The woman answered each one of Rey’s questions with a chuckle. "Don't worry ma'am, as of now the fetus is perfectly fine." The doctor reassured Rey, rubbing the wand to the other side of her abdomen. The gel that was applied felt very cold and somewhat ticklish. Rey was staring at a small monitor which showed the baby. At first, the doctor couldn't spot it that easily until she smiled widely turning to face Rey. "W-What's wrong?" Rey nervously asked her. "There's your baby, ma'am," She responded pointing to it. "Over here we can see the embryo, and that's the heart. It changes position a lot." Rey smiled at it widely through the blur of tears. "Can't believe something that small is a human being." The woman nodded to that. "Very true. That's how human nature works." "When do I know what I'm having, doctor?" Rey asked. "On your next appointment which you will be 12 weeks then." The woman then turned her attention to other wave sounds. "Strange... I swear I'm hearing more than one heartbeat." She moved the wand again and squinted up to the monitor, trying to see if she could find the cause of such waves. Rey saw the confusion on the doctor's face and again couldn't stop from asking worriedly. "Is that something bad?" "No, no! It might be a problem with this equipment. It happens a lot." She hastily removed the wand from Rey's belly and cleaned it up removing the gel using a small towel. "Thanks for putting up with me, doctor. I want to apologize for all the annoying questions..." The woman patted her smoothly on her back. "Don't worry Ms. Kenobi, it's pretty normal for first-time mothers to.. "behave" like that." Both women chuckled, Rey more embarrassed, though. "I bet the daddy must be all over the moon!" Rey's smile slowly disappeared from her face after hearing that. "Yes, sure..." "Good! Hope to meet him soon!" She then led Rey out of the office and gave her the next appointment date to determine the sex of the baby. (End of flashback) .............................................. Rey thought about moving to the Kenobi beach house to take care of the baby, away from any exposure. The house belonged to her parents and was used as a summer retreat residence only. The Kenobis had many properties around the state, but her favorite was the beach house. There, the press wouldn't have any access to them. Rey was now three months pregnant and a sonogram was scheduled for the next week. Unexpectedly someone knocked at the door. "Miss Kenobi?" Rey reacted and walked away from the window back to her desk. "Yes, what is it?" "Someone by the name of Maz Kanata is here, and wishes to see you." Rey smirked and took a seat on her desk chair. "Let her in. I'm expecting her." The handmaid proceeded to open the door, letting the small looking woman get inside the room. Rey pretended to be checking some documents to not look unprofessional or even lazy. Acknowledging the woman's presence, she then stood up. "Maz! Good to see you." Rey walked towards her to greet her with a warm hug. She bent down to do so. "It's good to see you too," she responded, both breaking their embrace. Pointing at Rey's belly she added, "And the little one too!" Rey smiled at her, inviting the woman to sit down in a sofa backing the window. "I'm really glad you came. So many things have happened lately that I really need someone to talk to. I'm so sorry for being distant the majority of times." Maz firmly put her hand on top of Rey's one. "You don't need to apologize because I understand your situation, Rey. I'm here for you through whatever happens." "To be honest I feel like I'm all alone lately... There're times that I look up at the night sky and wish that things would turn out differently." Maz took a deep breath. "Destiny is irreparable, my child. All things, even grave ones, happen for a reason." "But I don't want this innocent child to suffer because of my wrong decisions and..-" "Being pregnant is the best feeling any mother can experience, and you should be proud. It's a blessing! Children aren't responsible for our actions." She noticed how Rey was fiddling with her fingers as if she was anxious. "Have you meditate lately?" "Not for a while," Rey answered. "I miss my meditation, but that's another forgotten thing." The small woman leaned back on the sofa to make herself comfortable. "May I ask who's the father? Rey placed both hands on her belly and stared at the floor. "He's... being gone for a while now." "Gone? You mean the baby has no..-" Rey interrupted her before she could get into any further conclusions. "It's not like that." Trying to hold her tears in front of Maz. "It's a long story." "Well, there has to be a reason for him to have done that." Rey stood up and slowly walked towards the window. "He was a male escort that I hired to accompany me to social gatherings. We began having an attraction for each other and even tried to fight it. In the end, we couldn't keep a promise of not falling in love... and the rest is history." Maz remained silent, listening to the young woman. "He made me so happy," Rey admitted. "But then everyone discovered his past and apparently for my sake he left. He doesn't know that I'm pregnant." Maz stood up and walked towards Rey, gently patting her back as comfort. "He'll come back. What you're seeking is always ahead of you, Rey. I never married and didn't have children, but I can feel that you and that man share a strong bond." "We do?" Rey asked. "Likely yes," Maz remarked. "People who form a strong bond continue to draw one another" Rey took a deep breath, crossing her arms below her chest and looking out the window. "What should I do? Beg him to come back?" Maz laughed at the girl's suggestion. "Time will tell." The woman said, adjusting her glasses in place. "Be patient, that's all." Rey felt relieved after hearing those words, giving her some hope. "Thank you," Rey smiled, rubbing her belly with a hand. "Well, we should begin my 'baby course.' Don't we?" "Alright." Maz then took out from her bag what it seemed like a small baby doll wearing a diaper. "Let's start by knowing how to change a dirty diaper first." Phasma arrived at her apartment earlier than expected. Usually, she would come very late at night but lately, work was getting slow. Financial problems began to surface in the agency and many of her employees were having bad luck getting hired to offer their services. There wasn't any other escort like Kylo Ren. Without him, the agency could go to hell. Many of the clients that call requested for his services only. She was told that the man was good in bed. She ran herself a bubble bath, lit candles, and poured a glass of cognac. Sitting in her much-needed bath she was smoking a Cuban cigar and holding the glass of cognac with the other. Kylo left the Kenobi girl two months ago but instead of getting back to his work he stayed with his ill mother. Phasma didn't care about Kylo's mother at all. She only granted him permission because it wasn't Rey Kenobi this time. That girl was the one who ruined him and also her business. Putting her cognac aside, she reached for her phone and dialed his number. "What do you want now, Phasma?" Her mouth curved into a smile. "What a shock. You really answered my call this time." She said sarcastically. "The only reason I do it is for you to no spread lies." "How could you accuse of such things, Kylo? I would never." Phasma said in a mocking tone. She could hear sharp, harsh breaths through the phone possibly of his anger. She laughed, enjoying teasing him like that. "So, what are you up to lately?" Phasma then asked sipping from her cognac glass. "Still taking care of your mother, or screwing Rey Kenobi behind my back again?" "I fucking told you not to ever mention her name ever again." He demanded in a loud tone. "Oh, calm yourself. By now she must have forgotten about you." This hurt him immensely. Sometimes he wondered if Rey already forgot about their time together. Ben certainly haven't yet. "If what you want to find out that I'm not with Rey then yes, I'm not with her." Ben notified Phasma. "Good, because as you know I'm capable of doing bad things..." "Sure you can," Ben added coolly. "Exactly like when you killed your husband, or should I say ordered to do so" Phasma took out the cigar from her mouth, sitting straightly and passing the phone to her other ear. "What are you talking about? There's nothing you can prove against me!" She snapped. "For starters, you ordered one of your men to kill your husband to keep his wealth." "Who told you that?" Phasma demanded to know. "And where's your proof?" There was a pause before he spoke, Phasma wondered if he hung up. "Hear me out, Phasma. You leave Rey alone or prepare for the consequences. Oh and don't bother sending someone to beat me up or even murder me. Before you do those others will know too." "You ungrateful bastard!" Phasma shouted angrily. "After the way, I've treated you above others!" Ben burst out laughing. "All has been suffering and humiliation. You took away from me the woman I loved, my goals and dreams. I lost everything... thanks to you." "I swear if you say something about it, your dearest..-" "Goodbye, Phasma." Then he hung up the phone, leaving her hanging on the other end with her mouth open and speechless. Phasma needed to think of something... anything to keep him quiet. "Ben? Who were you arguing on the phone?" The voice of Leia could be heard from her bedroom. He threw the phone on the counter, raking a hand through his hair in agitation. He wondered if threatening Phasma like that was the smartest choice. Ben didn't want to expose his mother to any danger. He was tired of Phasma's humiliations and trying to control his life. He was not returning to the agency but first, needed to take action against the vile woman. "No one." He answered, turning off the stove and pouring hot water from the tea kettle into the bright blue tea cup. "I'll be there in a second." The tall man stepped into the bedroom and walked toward his mother who was reading calmly in bed. Leia then put a book she was previously reading down. Ben sat beside her, holding the cup of tea with his hands. "Are you sure you weren't arguing with someone? Leia asked again. "You look tense." "Everything's fine. There's no need for you to worry about unimportant things." Leia sighed still unsure over her son's response. She grabbed the cup of tea and took a sip from it. "Tastes good. You've learned a great deal from your mother." Ben smiled at her, giving her a kiss on her forehead. She only had a few days to live according to what Dr. San Tekka told him. He wondered if Leia had any idea about it by now. By all costs, he avoided mentioning anything to her. He pressed his lips together and shook his head as if trying to brush negative feelings from it. Leia noticed how her son's jaw tightened and already knew his struggle. "I'll be taking a shower now." He gently as he placed another kiss on his mother's forehead. "Got some errands to take care off." "Would you mind if I go too?" She asked sitting straight on the bed. "It's a lot of walking around town, mother. Tomorrow, I promise to take you somewhere you'll love." Ben said, holding her hands with his. "Oh, I wonder where will that be?" Leia asked giving her son a playful smile. "Can't tell, Mrs. Organa," Ben answered. "A surprise is a surprise." While Ben showered Leia reached for his phone and searched through his contacts until she finally found the one, Rey Kenobi. Leia quickly took out a notepad and a pencil from her night table and wrote down Rey’s phone number in it. Making sure Ben was not out of the shower, she grabbed her phone and quickly dialed the number. Leia looked again to the bathroom's direction in hopes that her son didn’t step out and caught her. "Rey Kenobi, who’s this? ” “This is Leia Organa Solo, Ben's mother. Ms. Kenobi, I’m calling to meet somewhere.” Both women arranged on meeting in a local coffee shop near Leia's home. She took the chance of getting out of the house after Ben went needed to do personal errands which were going to take him some time. She waited patiently for the girl to arrive and ordered a bottle of water. Leia was fully aware of how little time she had to live. Her son tried to not touch the subject, but she knew already. This was the moment to speak to Rey and do something to help Ben too. She wore her grayish-brown hair in a simple braided updo. Her clothes consisted of a thick light pink sweater, black pants, and knee-length boots. During her youth, she loved wearing long white dresses with long sleeves and her hair in two side buns. Very popular during those years. Her lung cancer spread quickly. Leia Organa- Solo smoked for years even while still pregnant with Ben. Han's problem was his alcoholism which deteriorated his liver with time. They used to be a happy couple before both got into their addictions. Ben was the one in the middle, the one that got affected by their actions. Rey opened the door and stepped inside the place. She saw a couple of people sitting in the tables, conversing and drinking their coffee. Then, at the corner of the shop, she spotted a middle-aged woman sitting by herself and drinking from a bottle of water. Rey didn't hesitate and walked towards the woman. She stopped in front of the table Leia was seated at."Excuse me, uhm, are you Mrs. Organa?" Leia's eyes glinted in recognition. "And you must be Rey." Rey nodded and the woman gestured her to take a seat, which she did. Rey then removed her thick scarf and put it aside. She was wearing loose Navy pea coat and black jeggings. Her shoulder length hair was pulled back in a headband. A waitress walked over them and asked Rey what she wanted to drink. She also ordered some water. "As you know I'm Ben's mom. He has told me about what really happened between both of you." Rey frowned looking confused. "Mrs. Organa, what's the real reason for this meeting?" "I'm here for Ben," Leia answered. "He has gone through a lot of pain lately." Rey leaned back on the chair and crossed her arms below her chest. "Look, I understand he's your son, but he abandoned me a couple of months ago. If you're trying to make me go after him, then the answer is no ." Rey clarified. Leia looked up at her and shook her head. "No... That's not my intention, Rey. Let me tell you that he never went back to that horrible job since the day he left your home." Rey's eyes widened and lashes fluttered at that response. "W-What?" "Yes. I know for a fact that my son has taken bad decisions, and I won't condone his past actions at all." Leia said. "So he is not working with the agency anymore?" Rey asked still quite shocked. Leia took a sip of her water, relaxing on her seat. "Not for a while." Ben had not slept with any women since the night he left her. That confession made her heart race faster. There were countless nights where Rey couldn't sleep, imagining Ben sleeping with another woman. "Then, what is he up to?" Rey asked softly, still wanting to know more. Leia lowered her gaze to the table, remaining quiet. The silence felt thick and awkward. Rey thought that Leia must have been a beauty during her youth. However, she looked sad as if something bothered her. "Taking care of his dying mother," She finally answered. Rey paled after such confession. "You're dying..." "It's nothing," Leia said meeting the girl's gaze. "Rey, I only have a few weeks to live. My son thinks that I don't know it. "I'm so sorry..." Rey felt so horrible knowing Ben's mother didn't have too much time to live. He has been a good son while taking care of Leia during these past months. Ben choose the right decision. Her eyes were glossy, and her chin began to tense up as if she were fighting back tears. She then felt that Leia reached for her hand and grabbed it. "He is not a bad person, Rey. I know my son's heart. There's still light in him." "Mrs. Organa I need to tell you something. Ben doesn't know it yet, though." "What will that be?" The woman asked with a certain curiosity. Rey's took a slow, shaky breath. "I'm... I'm three months pregnant." Leia smiled at her with a soft expression in her eyes. "I won't live long enough to see my grandchildren, however, you have given my son the gift of being a father." "I know," Rey added. "but I don't want that to be an excuse for Ben to stay with me." "His childhood was not the best. Han and I weren't the best role models for our son, but I think Ben would not make the same mistake." "Leia, is there anything I can do for you?" The young woman asked, placing her hands on Leia's. "Treatments costs, expenses..." Leia noticed how the young woman in front of her tightened her jaw, trying to hold back tears. "My last wish is to see both of you get together and become a family. That's all I want, Rey." Rey knew what it felt like to lose both parents and remained an orphan, but for Ben, this had to be tougher. He was not a bad person and even sacrificed his happiness for hers and the ones he loved. "I know that you'll make my Ben a very happy man. Please, take care of him." Tears ran down Rey's cheeks. "I will, Leia." When Ben was on his way home, he saw Leia talking to someone in front of the local coffee shop. Both shared a long hug until a taxi cab came to pick up Leia. His eyes widened with shock when seeing who it was. It was Rey. She waved farewell to Leia while the cab took her away. Ben thought Rey looked different, but maybe it was his eyes playing tricks on him. He wanted to run to her, kiss her with force, feel her skin against his, see her crumble in his arms and fell apart. It's been months he hadn't seen her nor touch her. Unkar Plutt then picked her up, taking her away from his sight. He could only see her for a few minutes again. What did his mother talk to her? He thought about asking her but maybe it was better to keep quiet. Perhaps she would tell him sooner or later. "His mother is dying?" Finn asked with his mouth full. Rey finished eating her mandarin salad and then wiped her mouth. Both friends were having dinner that night in the mansion. "That's what she said, and that Ben has been taking care of her all this time." Swallowing his food Finn answered, "I feel bad that I judged him." Rey nodded in agreement. "He must be broken. If I've known about it before perhaps Leia..." "There was nothing you could have done, Rey." Finn quickly added. "Especially if her conditions were this bad." Rey sighed, rubbing her belly with her hand. "Guess you're right, but still Ben would have needed some support." "When are you going to tell him, anyways?" Finn asked pointing at her belly. "I don't know." She mumbled. "Well Rey, if you ask me, I think it's time for him to know. Unless Mrs. Organa tells him." "No... I begged her not do so. I really don't think she would." Rising from her chair, Rey's eyes bored into him. "Tomorrow, then." "Are you positively sure?" "Yes." She answered. "I'll visit their home tomorrow and personally talk to Ben. I need to face him, see him..." Finn breathed in deep to collect his thoughts before talking. "Okay then. I wish you the best of luck. Go get him, Rey." His last words drew a smile on Rey's face, very sure that what she was going to do was the best option. That night Ben helped Leia to get in bed and propped the pillows behind her head. He then tugged the covers to her chest, therefore, it was very cold. Leia's home had a working heater, but still, it felt cold especially during nights. When he finished, he sat beside her, holding her hand in his. Leia's hand felt cold and was smaller compared to his. This made Ben feel heartbroken and unable to do something for his mother. As Leia studied Ben's strong facial features, a tender smile plastered her face. "My boy grew up to be very handsome." He gave a half smile to her. "Thanks to such a beautiful woman like you I guess." "I'm glad to receive those compliments, Ben." Both chuckled at this even though Leia knew her son was suffering on the inside. "Mother, what were you doing this afternoon in that coffee shop with Rey?" He asked changing the subject. Her smile faded away and pursed her lips together. "You saw us..." "On my way to the house, yes. What was the reason?" "We.. just had a normal conversation, Ben. Nothing else." Leia answered not meeting his eyes. "About what, though?" He insisted. If only he knew Rey was expecting a baby; his baby. But Leia couldn't tell Ben after she promised the girl not to. It really bothered her how Rey was keeping it a secret from him. What if she never tells Ben? The thought of it also frightened her. Leia sighed crossing both his hands on top of her chest. "Alright, I will tell you then. The reason I met Rey was to let her know you still love her. That you are not the monster many think you might be." "Rey has the right to hate me after what I did." He said looking away. "About what others could think of me I could care less." "But she doesn't! That girl still loves you, Ben." Leia assured her son. "Don't let go of happiness." Was he really running away from it? Could his mother be right? "She does? After all, I've done?" She then placed her hand on Ben's cheek giving him a tender half smile. "Would your mother ever lie to you?" Ben remained quiet unsure what to say next. He loved Rey and knowing she still did give him hope. Rey was still his and only his. "You are my first priority for now and that's all it matters. My decision was to let her be happy even if it tore my heart into pieces." "I see..." She muttered and then glanced to the ceiling. "My last wish was for you two to be together and build a family." Ben's lower lip trembled seeing his mother looking at the ceiling with both her hands crossed on top of her chest. She seemed to be in peace as if... No. He didn't want to think about that. He asked for more time to be with his mother knowing that her departure from earth was very near. So that's her last wish... He lowered his head to give Leia a sweet kiss on her forehead. "Just rest. Tomorrow we will go to a place you'll surely enjoy." When Ben was about to turn off the lights Leia stopped him in his tracks. "Thank you for everything, my son. We weren't the best parents, but you will be a great one." Ben frowned in confusion at this. He opened his mouth to asked why did she say that but preferred not to in the end. "Love you, mother." And just like that, he shut the door behind him. Leia closed her eyes for the last time and took her last breath, feeling peaceful. Her mission on this planet was completed. Rey was on her way to Ben and Leia's house driving in her own car. Unkar insisted in taking her personally but she refused. It was strange how much the driver asked her so many questions as if he wanted to know of her personal life. Rey was considering of getting a new driver if the man continued interfering in her life, and also Ben's. It was time for her to tell Ben the truth and in Leia's presence too. She also wanted him back and to tell him how much she loved him. When she turned there was an ambulance parked in front of a house. "Oh no..." Her face went pale and hurriedly parked her car on the other side of the street. Rey got out and crossed, running towards the house. When she was about to step inside the house two paramedics got out, carrying what it looked like a body in a stretcher. It was inside a black body bag. "W-what happened?" Rey asked one of the paramedics walking behind the stretcher. The man was holding a "The owner of the house just passed away last night. Her son is still there, and he might need some support." The man then continued walking towards the ambulance that was taking Leia's body to the morgue. Sadness clouded the young woman's features as Leia's body was driven away. Yesterday was the first and last time Rey saw Leia alive. That last wish went through her mind again. She then turned around and stepped inside the house. There he was, sitting on a couch with a blank expression on his face. Rey noticed that Ben was holding a pair of tickets in his hand. Slowly, she walked up to him. "Ben," Rey said trying not to sound broken. He twitched when he listened to her voice again. He lifted his eyes to look at her with an expression of pain. There was Rey, standing in front of him and beautiful as ever. Was this a dream? Everything suddenly happening when Ben less expected it. He had to quell an impulse to grab her hand, pull her down, and kiss her deeply. "She's gone." Rey slowly crossed her hands over her chest. She wanted to comb her fingers through his jet black hair, touch his face, and tell him everything. However, this wasn't the right moment to do so. "I'm very sorry. I... Well, your mother and I met yesterday for the first time." "I know," Ben admitted. "She told me everything last night." Rey's eyes widened and lashes fluttered. "Like what?" He ran a hand through his eyes and then hair. "That her last wish was for us to be together... and have a family of our own." An awkward silence then surrounded the room. Rey needed to be careful with her words this time. "Your mother also told me the same." "I was supposed to take her to the opera today, but then everything went to hell." He said placing the tickets on the front table. "Couldn't even say goodbye..." Rey tugged a strand of hair behind her ear. "She is in a better place now where she no longer suffers." Ben stayed quiet looking at Rey. He thought she looked different, fixing his eyes on her hip area which looked somewhat wider than before. The young woman noticed this and turned around for him not to suspect anything. Her belly was growing bigger and started to get noticeable. Thank the gods she was wearing a loose coat to cover it. "The burial will be tomorrow afternoon," Ben said. "It will be just me since my uncle Luke stopped caring about us." "And I can help, Ben. Please, just let me." Rey urged. "For Leia and..." "You never change," He said as he stood up from the sofa and took some steps closer to her. They were mere inches from each other, looking into each other's eyes. Ben brushed the back of his hand against her face, tenderly. "Always the same Rey of light." His touch made her skin come alive. It made Rey realize how much she wanted Ben, how much she needed his hands on her skin and body. "Glad you think so." It was a very cold and windy afternoon in Coruscant's cemetery. Rey decided to wear a beige coat with a pair of brown gloves to keep her hands warm. Her hair was pulled back by a peach colored headband. She was standing behind Ben, who was holding a bouquet of white flowers. He wore a dark gray coat and had a black scarf wrapped around his neck. Kneeling down, he placed the bouquet of flowers on Leia's grave. The small grave was under a tree isolated from other ones. The stone read In memory of Leia Organa 1954-2016 . Ben closed his eyes and kept them as that for a while. Rey thought he was praying for the soul of Leia to be in peace. "I'd also lost my mother in a tragic way," Rey commented. "Leia must have been a great woman and she must be proud of you." His jaw tightened at this and swallowed thickly. "She had a terrible husband and son." "Don't you say that, Ben. She loved you until her last days on earth!" He abruptly turned around to face her. "You don't fucking understand that everything I touch is either ruined or dies! Ben Solo is and always will be a bad seed! "No, you're wrong." "I am?" Ben asked with a trembling voice, trying to fight tears. "Didn't I ruined your life, Rey?" She clenched her fists. "The Ben Solo I know made me a happy woman and loved me like no other! And also because..." "What, Rey?" He demanded to know. "Because of what ?" "Because!" Rey couldn't hide it anymore. Grabbing his hand, she then placed it on her small hard bump. "This is why.." Ben frowned, lowering his gaze to her belly. Sudden realization dawned on his face after feeling her bump. His heart stood still and looked back at her. "Rey... you..." "Yes, we're expecting" Rey confessed, tears ran down her face. "Since when?" He asked breathing hard. "Why didn't you told me?" "I'm three months now, and I did not because I thought you were going to reject us." He sniffed a little and firmly grabbed Rey by her shoulders. “A child of mine would never be rejected by his father. I couldn't do that, Rey." A smile appeared and brightened her eyes. "At first I was afraid that it was going to be raised without a father." "We created it together," Ben added placing his hand again on her bump. "And we will raise it together." "I love you, Ben." She confessed placing her hand on his chest. Her mouth was tempting him and Ben couldn’t resist any longer. "I love you more, Rey." He then pulled her to him and kissed her. Ben’s blood stirred when Rey put her arms around his neck, tangling her tongue with his own. Three months without seeing or touching each other felt like an eternity. The woman he loved was giving him a child, their child. One thing for sure, he would never abandoned his child like Han Solo did. This time Ben was staying, especially now that they were becoming a family. He groaned as he softly broke the kiss to kiss her chin and down to her neck. They both embraced each other feeling their warm bodies together. Ben then grabbed her face with both hands and kissed her lips gently. “Thank you, my love." "What saddens me is that Leia... she's not here anymore to meet her grandchild." "But we will keep her promise." He said, brushing his thumb across her lips. Rey nodded and leaned her head on his hard chest. "We need to move out of the mansion, though. Far away from the media and all those people that tried to broke us apart." "You're right. Plus it's better to raise our child somewhere safer too." He suggested. "But, um, when do we know if it's a boy or a girl?" Rey laughed softly against his chest. "Next week it's the appointment. I really hope you don't get nervous or too emotional." They kissed each other again and again, until Ben said, "I'll try not to." Looking up, they smiled at each other as snowflakes fell above them. Notes: Leia passes away, and Ben and Rey get back together. This time, they won't let anyone or anything break them apart. Ben now knows he's going to be a father. Aaaand three more chapters and this fic will be completed. Chapter 17 : Sweet revenge Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Unkar Plutt and Phasma arranged a meeting in the Cantina bar one night. As usual, she ordered two whiskeys for both. Music in the bar was relaxing and people started to crowd the whole place. Some of her employees met their clients in the bar and preferred not to acknowledge their boss. She remembered the time Kylo used to meet his there. He was popular among mature women, especially married ones. "Any news?" Phasma asked impatiently since she didn't want to be there. Unkar was starting to be an annoyance, mainly because he demanded huge amounts of money from her. Phasma knew the pig was only using her, unfortunately, he was the only person who could tell her anything important. The man as always looked over his shoulder making sure no one could see him. "That will cost you three hundred dollars and then I'll talk," Unkar said. Phasma sighed very irritated, "Have I failed you before?" "Just making sure, that's all. We still don't trust each other.. am I right?" The woman then took out her check notebook and wrote down the quantity he was requesting this time. "Let me tell you something, Plutt. Don't try to play games with me." He chuckled, drinking from his glass of whiskey. "Chill woman, I ain't that stupid y'know." "Good, then." She said, ripping the check and sliding it through the table. "Now will you start talking?" "Very well." Unkar quickly grabbed the valuable paper and put it in his pocket. "Seems that our plan didn't quite work." She narrowed her eyes at him suspiciously. "What do you mean?" "Are you sure you want to know, dear Phasma?" Unkar asked looking around the place. "If you still want to keep your head just start talking." She answered gritting her teeth. "Now, cut the crap and tell me." Unkar's nose wrinkled as he made a face. "Alright then. Rey Kenobi and your precious Kylo Ren are back together!" The tall woman went pale and her grip tightened on the whiskey glass. "No... it can't be... no.." "Sadly yes." He added. "I saw them arriving together at the mansion and in a very affectionate way." "Fuck! Bloody bastard!" She yelled slamming the table with her hand and then smacking the glass of whiskey from it which landed on the next table. Thankfully, it was unoccupied. Some of the people around them observed the angry woman and stood up to move to another area of the bar. "Calm the hell down, woman." He urged Phasma, looking how everyone around them left to sit somewhere else. "They could kick us out!" "I don't care!" She snapped and a visible vein popped from her neck. "He dared to betray me after what happened last time." A waiter came to their table and brought Phasma another glass of whiskey. It seems that they were all accustomed to her anger fits. The man cleaned the table where the glass landed as if nothing had occurred. "Well, we need to think of something else," Unkar told Phasma. "I heard his mother passed away." "He was supposed to return to the agency afterward. But the worst thing is that he knows I ordered to killed my husband!" Unkar's jaw dropped after hearing such confession. He knew Phasma was capable of anything, but this was something new. A new card to play, though. "Why don't you get rid of Ren already? He practically knows everything, including that ." She sighed. "No. I want to get rid of Rey and you, Plutt, will assist me. Kylo Ren will pay for his insolence." "Then we better act quickly!" He said. "What's the plan this time?" "Hurt the girl, somehow!" She snapped. "That will make Kylo realize what's really convenient for him." Phasma began twirling a knife carelessly. Ben was driving to a jewelry store on Rey's car. He was going to surprise her with a gift at tomorrow's appointment. There were moments where he felt nervous especially with knowing the baby's gender, and obviously when the big day arrives. Rey would laugh at him whenever he helped her getting down the main stairs, sit on the table, and lay in the bed. Ben would take quick showers to then return to Rey's side. Both lovers wanted to live a normal life and perhaps move to another place, far away from the city. Their child would be also raised in a better environment too. He then pulled over, stepping out of the car and walking to the store quickly. A door bell rang as he opened it slowly. It was an elegant store with a luxurious interior design. It only had one round table with five seats surrounding it and a couple of jewelry display cases. There were many jewels inside these display cases for sale; some cost a fortune. What he wanted to give Rey was something special, but not extremely expensive. Ben was buying it with his own money. A lady noticed him looking around and then walked over him. She was very nice to him and helped him to choose the best piece for Rey. It was something precious as a sign of his love for her. When Ben bought what he was looking for he walked out of the store. Stepping outside, he then encounters Hux. The man had a dull expression and arched a brow upon seeing Ben. Ben knew Hux disliked him. Rey told him that Hux always had a thing for her but she was never interested in him. That rejection from Rey had to do with his arrogant attitude. "Hux," he addressed. "Long time no see." "Same, Solo. Or should I say, Kylo Ren." "That name doesn't exist anymore." Hux's mouth curved into a smile. "That wasn't what I read in the newspapers" "My past wasn't the best one, but life has given me a new chance," Ben replied. "Everyone makes mistakes, Hux." "You're right about that, Ren." Hux replied raising a brow arrogantly. "But you also ruined Rey's reputation along the way." Ben scratched the back of his neck and looked outside the street. "You still want her, don't you?" "Always had," Hux said glaring intensely at Ben, "but she obviously rejected me because of somewhere lower." "Rey was never interested in you," Ben added, "even before I came into the picture." The man hated to admit it. Rey was the girl he has always loved, but her rejection was painful. Hux knew Rey's parents, and if they were alive, he would have been chosen over Ben Solo anytime. He was positively sure about that. He clenched his jaw, smirking lightly at Ben. "You're right, Ren. Can't believe a decent woman like her turned trash... like you." Ben took a few steps closer to Hux, glare intensified. "No, you're absolutely wrong, Hux. Just because she fell in love with me doesn't make Rey a lower person. More like a woman who wants to love and be loved." "I don't share the same view," he replied crossing both his arms across his chest, "but whatever love means then." Hux backed away from Ben and prepared to walk inside the jewelry store. Before he could get inside he stopped in his tracks. Hux then turns his head to look straight at Ben. "Good luck to both of you, though." He said expressionlessly. "You'll need it." Ben didn't say anything else to him and stayed quiet. Hux finally stepped inside the store, walking away from the scene. Ben stood there, gripping the shopping bag until he turned around and head to the car. It seems Hux probably settled, but not without telling him everything about his real feelings for Rey. She chose already and picked him over any other man. He was fathering her child too and was having his own family. He knows Hux will never like him for sure, but that would never stop Ben and neither Rey to seek true happiness. The female doctor applied the cold, wet gel on Rey's abdomen making her shiver. They were ready to determine the baby's gender. Ben was standing by Rey's side, gently rubbing her scalp. He smiled at her every time since Rey was very nervous. This was the day both expected anxiously. "Hold my hand, please." She demanded, breathing nervously. He smiled at her again, grabbing her hand and guiding it to his lips. He gave it some warm kisses before looking straight at her eyes. "Are you ready?" Rey took a deep, steadying breath and nodded. "Yes." "What do you think it will be? A boy or a girl?" Ben asked. "I don't know... does it matters?" Rey asked innocently. He nodded in return, smiling. "Not at all, as long he or she is alright." Ben caressed her cheek with one hand while holding hers with his other. Then he kissed the bridge of her nose and finally her lips. The doctor started the procedure, moving the apparatus across Rey's belly and looking at the monitor. Both parents were also looking at it with Ben still holding her hand firmly. The doctor's face expression quickly changed into a confusing one. She squinted trying to see better the image in front of her. Rey noticed this and looked at Ben who also looked back at her. "Now that's weird..." The woman said. She then moved the wand to the other side of the abdomen. "This was unexpected." Ben's face frowned while looking at the doctor. "What do you mean doctor?" "I-Is our baby alright?" Rey also asked worriedly. The female doctor let out a laugh, scratching the back of her head. "Oh, no no! Don't worry. The babies are doing just fine!" Rey and Ben turned pale after hearing that. "Babies?" They asked in unison. "Yes," the woman affirmed and turned to look at Rey, "you're expecting identical twin boys ma'am!" "Twins..." Rey muttered still in shock. So that's multiple frequency sounds were heard. It wasn't one baby, but two! Ben and Rey were going to have male twins. Her eyes turned watery, and Ben widely smiled at her. He lowered his head to the crook of her neck, brushing his lips over her. "Thank you, Rey." She hugged him tightly loving the feeling of his lips against her bare neck. "Double trouble." He chuckled. "Two dirty diapers to change now." Both babies changed their position a lot making it easier to determine the gender. The doctor pointed to the area where the boys' genitals could be visible. "As of now these two babies are healthy, so no need to worry about anything!" "How are we going to name them?" Rey asked a happy Ben. "I like Vaden for one boy," Ben answered brushing his fingers through her hair. "You think of another now." Rey turned to look at the monitor. Two tiny boys were growing inside of her making Rey feel different. Life was going to be different. "Jaicen, for the other boy." Ben's mouth curved into a smile. "Jaicen... I like it." "Vaden and Jaicen Solo." She added glancing at him. "I bet they would look like their mommy." Rey then teased. He laughed kissing her again. "Don't count victory yet, they might get both genes." He teased her back. "We need to start figuring out on how to decorate Vaden and Jaicen's room!" Rey sniffed. Ben nodded. "True, but first you and the babies' health is the top priority." The doctor cleaned Rey's belly and turned off the monitor. Both Rey and Ben were all smiles and before the doctor could leave, Rey received the next appointment date. She sat up in the stretcher and turned around to stand up, ready for them to leave the room. She then saw Ben taking something out of his pocket. It was a small dark box like those from a jewelry store. Rey stood up and observed him. He bent down on one knee and looked up to a confused Rey. "I know this might be too sudden or just not the right moment, but I can't hold it anymore." He said boring his eyes into hers. Her lashes fluttered downward, hiding her beautiful eyes, still observing him. "Ben what are..-" "Rey, would you marry me?" He then asked her, carefully opening the small box which had an engagement ring inside. It was a White Gold 2 Carat Solitaire Engagement Ring. "I need you in my life, and the kids too." The girl's lower lip trembled and hastily put a hand over her mouth, containing her emotion. Ben was asking her to be his wife and spend the rest of their lives together as a family. Of course, she thought he was going to ask her someday, but not this early. He looked at her, waiting for a response. "What do you say? Would you be my wife?" Ben Solo looked like a small child offering a precious toy to the person he loved so much. He made Rey crazy, especially when looking like that. She really loved this man with all her heart. "Yes,” she said letting out a happy cry. "Oh my god, yes!" Rey jumped up and hugged him tightly. Happily, he lifted her up and spun her around. She let out a happy shout. Before he could set her down Ben claimed her lips, and both kissed passionately. Rey softly moaned in his mouth when he grabbed her behind and pushed her waist against his throbbing shaft. Rey then broke the kiss to catch some air. He then trailed hot devouring kisses down her neck making the girl squirm from pleasure. "Ben..." Rey addressed him between heavy breaths. "not here.." He then stopped, still pressing her body to his. He rested his lips on her forehead. "Sorry" "Don't be," Rey assured him. "I also want you, but someone could catch us." Ben let out a laugh. "If only they knew we have done it in worse places." Her eyes widened as she put a finger to her lips, pursing them to hush him. Ben laughed at this reaction. He then took the engagement ring from the box and slipped it onto the third finger of Rey's left hand. "It's beautiful, Ben." Rey said looking at the ring. "Glad you liked it, future Mrs. Solo." The wedding was going to be a civil one as both Ben and Rey decided. They were tying the knot at the Kenobi beach house near Ach-to beach, which belonged to the wealthy family. The Kenobi beach house was only their summer retreat, however, Rey wanted to raise the boys there. They were going to be far away from gossip and anyone that may want to hurt them. Ben agreed to move up too. Nobody in the mansion knew about their upcoming secret wedding and Rey's pregnancy. Maybe one day she will come back to the mansion whenever the boys reach a certain age. It was the home she grew up, near his family. Hux managed the brewery greatly. Even though Rey didn't like him she still trusted him. The hot-tempered man was a good manager after all. Finn helped Rey that morning to pack her things. Ben already did but went to his mother's home to pick some of his stuff left there. He decided to put the house on sale as his Leia's wishes. He and Rey were moving away to start off a family. When Ben arrived at the mansion, he opened the car's trunk to help Rey and Finn with her bags. Both were already waiting for him outside. Both men then put the bags in the car's trunk. Rey remembered that she forgot something back in the house. "Be right back, I left my phone." She said to both men. Ben then looked at his watch, "Alright, but don't take too long." "I know." She reassured him with a smile. When Rey entered her studio she suddenly stopped in her tracks when seeing Unkar Plutt holding her phone, checking her personal stuff in it. The man noticed her and quickly put the phone back on the desk trying to cover the act. "What are you doing?" She asked him, walking slowly to her desk. Plutt put both hands inside his pockets feeling more foolish than nervous. "I..uh.. just making sure no one could get a hold of it." Rey frowned and finally made it to her phone, grabbing it. "But you were looking at my personal messages." "No, I wasn't, Ms. Kenobi," Unkar replied moving his hands inside the pockets very nervously. "How could I do such a thing?" "Of course you would." She then looked at the phone's screen. "How strange that my conversations with Ben appear open." The girl was starting to suspect on him. "Look, Miss, I don't need to lie.. especially to the grandchild of my former boss..-" "You're fired." Rey added interrupting him completely. Unkar's mouth fell open hence he wasn't expecting to be fired like this. "But.. Ms. Kenobi..-" "Nothing! I had it with you!" She admitted clenching her arms into fists. "I've been wanting to this for a long time, but it's enough." The man shook his head. "After all these years serving your family. I bet your family must be turning on their graves for having such a failure of a daughter and granddaughter." "No! That's not true!" Rey yelled at him. Plutt grinned, enjoying the way he was tormenting Rey. "No? Their precious snowflake slept with a man like Ren, a guy whose work is bedding as many women he can for money. "You don't know Ben," Rey said with a shaky voice. "his past is just that; the past. We love each other and that's all it matters!" "Are you sure, dear Rey?" He asked her maliciously. "What's going on here?" Ben asked looking at Rey and then Unkar. "Rey, what's wrong?" Rey tried to stay strong, but Unkar's words were really affecting her, and also the babies. She couldn't get stressed. Ben then walked towards her gently placing both hands on each side of her face. "Does this pig told you something?" "Oh well well! The two lovebirds making one of their scenes." Unkar added in a mocking tone. "The millionaire and the male prostitute, how cute." Ben felt Rey was shaking and trying to hold her tears. This man had insulted his future wife in some way and could make her lose their babies too. This infuriated Ben, especially seeing Rey in that state. He turned around and walked towards Plutt who kept grinning at them. Before Plutt could say anything else Ben punched him with a hard right to the stomach and then another to Plutt's right jaw. The man was sent to the floor, yelling in pain. Ben proceeded to kick him, hitting him with his shoes on the lower half of his body many times repeatedly and Unkar cried out with pain. He then grabbed Plutt from the floor and hit him with a knee strike and hit him in the groin very hard. He fell on the floor again. Rey then ran towards him, grabbing him from the back. Ben! Please, that's enough!" He felt her arms wrapped him from the back and calmed down. Ben raked a hand through his disheveled hair. "Don't worry. Is not necessary to stain my hands with this trash's blood." Both backed away from Plutt who coughed blood. The beaten up man rose to his feet and yelled in pain, putting a hand on the left side of his stomach. "Bastard, you will.. pay for this.." He threatened Ben again coughing some blood. "I'm not scared of a fat lard like you, Plutt." Ben added not showing any expressions to him. "However, don't you ever touch or even insult Rey or I could be capable of worst things." The man then walked to the door with some difficulty, gritting his teeth. "Since the lady fired me... I expect my money soon." "You will receive your last check in a couple of days. Now leave!" Rey ordered. When Unkar finally left, Ben grabbed Rey by her waist. "Did he hurt you?" She shook her head. "No, but Ben... I think Unkar was the one who talked to the press last time." "I also thought the same thing," He replied to Rey. "but he's not alone, Rey." "What do you mean? Ben licked his lips. "My former boss, Phasma, is the ring leader here." Phasma was treating Unkar's injuries that night when he appeared all beaten up in her apartment's door. He couldn't help but flinch every time Phasma rubbed alcohol on the wounds. "Man up, you idiot." She told him as she finished cleaning him up. He would let out a cry of pain whenever he moved to sit down. "That bastard must have broken my ribs. It hurts like hell!" Phasma put everything aside and light up a cigarette, inhaling deeply from it. She sat on a stool near the kitchen counter. "Never knew you were going to be this moronic." She said giving Plutt a cold stare. Unkar scowled at her. "What the hell you wanted me to do, Phasma?" "To not be such an incompetent moron!" She replied quickly exhaling smoke through her nose and mouth. "Kylo and that damn girl must be suspecting that we're working together." Unkar grabbed a glass of cognac from the table and sipped from it. He swallowed thickly the strong drink. "I guess. They were also moving to a new place today." "Where?" Phasma asked, terror overlooking her face. "What place, tell me!" He sipped some more cognac and flinched when he made an involuntary move. "No idea, but I think they're getting married there." The woman took out the cigarette from her mouth and squashed it on her hand, not caring of getting burned. She was trying to stay calm but lately her anger fits where taking control. "Find this place. We need to get to those two." "How? I don't work for her anymore.." "Plutt, you failed me once. I expect you don't fail me again." Phasma said walking towards a window with a view of the city. "Find them, that's all you start doing." He sighed, glaring at the woman who wasn't facing him. "And if I do, what's the next step this time?" "I'll handle the girl personally... kill her with my own hands if necessary." "You hate her, don't you?" He asked, putting the cold glass against his bruised lip. "More than anything." She replied while contemplating the cars moving down the street from the window. Notes: Short chapter and the villains are back. This time Ben left Unkar a deserved memory. Also Rey and Ben got engaged and are expecting not one but two babies! Next chapter will be longer for sure. Two more chapters for the fic to be completed. Thanks for reading! Chapter 18 : The longest wait Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was a warm and sunny afternoon in the beach town of Ach-to. The view was spectacular from the back deck of the Kenobi beach house. White sand and small plants surrounded the large deck. A couple of individual tables were set there with flower centerpieces on them. Bromeliads and orchids were chosen by the bride for the special occasion. Rey and Ben wanted a simple low-key wedding with only eight guests to assist. Finn was going to walk the bride and future mother, while Poe offered to be Ben's best man. Ben was hesitant at first, but then accepted Poe's nice gesture. Both Finn and Poe wanted their friend to enjoy her special day with the man she loved. Both men also helped the soon to be parents with everything. Maz Kanata also volunteered to help Rey. She was also invited to the wedding. Rey was four months pregnant and been dealing with hip and outer thighs pain. It was normal to experience such complications at an early stage, but she didn't want to imagine how bad it was going to get later on. The most important thing for her was that the boys were doing just fine. Some guests were arriving and taking seats at their assigned tables. One of them was Lando Calrissian and his wife. They considered Rey like part of their family and when they knew about her upcoming wedding to Ben they were delighted. Lando liked Ben and thought he would make Rey a happy woman. They were properly dressed for the occasion and took a seat at their designated table. Armitage was also invited but declined since he was traveling to Europe those days. Hux didn't like Ben. In the end, he let Ben make Rey be a happy woman. The ginger knew Rey will never love him and gave up on that illusion. Ben was in the guest bedroom putting on his clothes. He was not going to wear a tie but instead an open neck shirt. Putting on his jacket, Maz Kanata enters the room holding a small bromeliad flower in her hand. "My god, you look very handsome!" Maz exclaimed, impressed with how well dressed the groom was. He took a deep breath still looking at the mirror in front of him. "Thanks, Maz." "Here, I brought you a side flower. It would look great with your jacket." Ben crouched down so that the short woman could pin the bromeliad on the jacket. "There you go! What do you think?" "Looks great," Ben replied securing the flower with his hand in place. "Is everyone already here?" "Mostly everyone, yes." Maz answered "You seem nervous, child." He smiled knowing the woman who was totally right. Ben indeed was nervous. He was making Rey his wife and it was an important day for both of them. Lovers will swear to each other that they will always be together no matter what. This day was that one where both Ben and Rey would do such a thing; especially for their children. "Not going to lie, I am." He confessed to Maz. "It's very normal to feel like it. Rey must be worse." "Did you checked on her already?" Ben hastily asked Maz. Maz shook her head in response. "Not yet. Finn has been the only one who has been with her." "I see. Well, I think we should get going!" He said taking a last good look in the mirror and reajusting his clothes. "Your mother would be so proud of you. Ben, you are doing a good job." Maz said before she could leave the guest room. Ben then smiled to himself. He was fulfilling Leia's last wishes. The groom and guests waited for the bride to make an appearance. Clearly Ben was the most anxious, putting his shaky hands inside his pockets constantly. Maz gave him some reassuring looks which kind of relaxed him. The woman was like a mother type figure for Rey and him too. Poe Dameron also patted Ben on his back once in a while to ease his nerves. It felt great that Rey's closest people really accepted their union and backed them up against anyone or anything. It was a nice weather outside, thankfully no thunderstorms were announced for that day. The ocean's view offered everyone a good background for the wedding, especially for photographs. Then someone from the guests clearly whispered, " Here she comes"... Everyone turned around. The bride appeared together with Finn, who began to walk her to where Ben was standing. Rey looked like a goddess that just came from a dream. She was wearing a light pearl vintage wedding dress with an empire waist and short sleeves. It was inspired by those 1930's fashionable wedding dresses. She decided not to wear a veil but instead a headband tiara. Her hair was pinned back into a simple low bun. As for body jewelry, a solitaire diamond necklace which Rey inherited from her late mother. She was also wearing her engagement ring. Her bridal bouquet was made of orchids and a couple of bromeliads. Ben couldn't keep his gaze away from Rey. He really was in love with her, no doubt. When Finn finally walked her to Ben, he gave Rey a kiss on the cheek before returning to his table. Both Rey and Ben lovingly stared at each other's eyes, and the scent of orchids filled the area surrounding them. "Do you Rey Kira Kenobi accept Ben Solo as your beloved husband?" The official asked a smiling Rey. "I do." She answered not taking her eyes away from Ben's. "Do you Ben Solo accept Rey Kira Kenobi as your beloved wife?" He asked the groom now. Ben was taken away by her beauty that it made her and the guests laugh. Noticing this he then answered, "I do." "Well finally!" Finn shouted jokingly and others laughed. Poe quickly gave Finn a scolding look, making Finn's expression change into a serious one. They read their vows and slid the rings into each other third fingers. Ben took her hand and kissed it gently after sliding hers. "I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss her!" Tilting her chin up Ben lowered his head and kissed Rey, with everyone clapping at this wonderful display of affection. They were now married and about to start a new journey together with their twin boys. It was a cheerful night accompanied by live music and people slowly dancing to it. The newlyweds had their first dance while guests applauded them. They looked really in love and couldn't be away from each other. They shared a lot of kisses, however, quick ones. They didn't want to be too passionate in front of others even though they really wanted to devour each other's lips. Finn was having some drinks and Poe sit on his table. Poe the noticed that Finn was having his ninth glass of wine. He wondered if the guy was going to be able to drive afterward. "Would you be able to go home tonight, buddy?" Poe asked him. Finn quickly drank the whole glass of wine and put it aside with the rest. "I'm just TYPSY.. that's all... I'll be fine, Poe.." "Hmm, I don't know. You have drunk too much tonight." He responded with a worried tone in his voice. "Oh c'moooon, Poe! We should be ALL celebrating.. Don't YOU think?" Poe was about to say something to him when Ben and Rey appeared at their table. "Looook who's here... the newlyweds!" Finn shouted and the other guests turned to look at them. Rey sighed. "Finn, I-I think you should slow down a little bit," she suggested her best friend. "RReeyy, I said I'm fiiinee.. okay?" Finn insisted taking a glass and noticing it was already empty. "How much have you drink tonight?" Ben asked him with a raised brow. "Just a couple..." Finn answered. He then started to have hiccups. He stood up and pushed against a group of people to head to the bathroom. Poe scratch the back of his head and rose from his chair. "He really is shitfaced." "Oh yeah, definitely. We will have to send him home with someone." Ben added looking to Finn's direction. "Yes, but who?" Rey wondered. Poe took drank from his champagne glass and put it on the table. "I can. Problem is with convincing him." "That's a splendid idea, Poe. Thank you. " Rey thanked Poe. "I think Finn will comply." Poe's eyebrows drew together in confusion. "And how do you know that, Rey?" She laughed nervously, trying not to reveal anything Finn has told her about Poe before. "Oh! I-I just think he will. That's all!" Both Ben and Poe looked at each other confused. Rey really hoped Poe wasn't suspecting anything, yet. The last people to leave were Lando and his wife. They wished the newlyweds a happy marriage and parenthood too. Rey felt relieved how the Calrissians accepted Ben. Lando always liked Ben since the Naboo event where both men met for the first time. Rey called Poe to make sure Finn was alright after drinking so much the whole night. She knew her best friend was a happy drunk sometimes, but the occasion was for everyone to enjoy. However, he was going to freak out the next morning whenever he finds out he slept at Poe's place. It was obvious he had a crush on Poe. When Ben finished helping her cleaning the dishes and locking the house he approached Rey, hugging her tightly. She rested her head on the tall man’s chest. Ben wrapped his arms around her waist very protectively. The scent of her spicy perfume filled his nostrils and brought back times of pleasure between both. "We finally made it." He told her proudly. Rey's mouth curved into a smile. "And from now on we can live peacefully here." "With the kids." He added already imagining the two boys urging their father to take them swimming in the ocean or camping in the forest. "Let's get to bed now, it's our..-" “Ben,” Rey called in a lower tone. “Yes, Rey?” “I…" She then turned her head to look up at him. Her eyes radiated warmth and lips curved upward in a sweet smile. "I want to be yours, tonight.” Ben brushed his fingers over her cheek, studying her beautiful features. “But what if I hurt you or the babies?” The brunette pulled him closer and kissed him, hard. Ben returned the kiss gladly and ran his hands up and down Rey’s body. Passionate kisses were exchanged between both newlyweds. Things started to get heated and he broke the kiss long enough to both take a breath of air. His touch was turning her on. He then looked at her, cupping her face with his hands. Her swollen lips were inches apart from his, tempting to be kissed once more. Ben smirked at her, “Who could understand us sometimes? We mostly end up having sex even when we're exhausted like tonight." "You know you love it, though,” Rey replied back somewhat teasing him, wrapping her arms around his neck. Both kissed again and he lay soft kisses around her soft neck. Rey smiled with pleasure as he did so. “You’re quite right about that.” He said, sweeping her off her feet. "Let's consumate tonight then." He carried her to their room. Rey moaned between their kisses on their way to the bedroom. The bed had fresh rose petals scattered around the white sheets. The room was filled with many small candles placed on the wooden floor giving it a very romantic vibe. He placed her carefully on the bed and climbed on top of her. Rey ran her hand lightly over his erection. He groaned and sucked on her neck loving the sensation her hand was producing. He lifted the skirt of the dress and Rey spread her legs for Ben to press his body against hers comfortably. She removed every hairpin and let her long hair tumble loose. “This time," he said between heavy breaths and looking straight into her eyes, "I’ll go easy." Her cheeks turned crimson at this. “I know," she replied, "because I trust you." “Good.” He claimed her lips once again and without breaking the kiss. Hands sought her breasts over the dress fabric. “Let’s get this off you.” He urged as he helped her unzip the dress taking it off completely. Rey wasn’t wearing any bra revealing her bare breasts. He slowly pulled his hands around and cupped both firm breasts. Ben rubbed his face between them and slobbered over them, licking first one and then the other. He circled a nipple a few times, then closed his lips around it, sucking it gently. With his free hand, he took the other nipple with a mild squeeze. "Ahhh..ahhg" Rey moaned, then biting on her lower lip. She helped him to take off his jacket and unbuttoned his shirt, throwing them aside, revealing his buff torso and arms. He kissed her round belly producing some giggles on her and ran his tongue near her panty line which sent a chill through Rey's body, causing her legs to shake when he licked the inner thigh. Ben’s tongue slid over the top of her underwear, tasting her wetness. She sighed from pleasure and that brought him a smile to his face. He loved making his now wife feel like that. “This is on my way too,” he said removing her lace undies completely. Rey lay there, naked, below him. Her body was very exquisite even while being pregnant. Ben then dove in, going down on her and licking with long loving strokes. “Agghh… Ben!” Rey loudly moaned. Panting with pleasure, she arched her back and placed her hands on top of his head, pushing his face down on her. She moved her body up and down against his intruding tongue and mouth. Ben continued to lick and suck hard on her sensitive nerves, doing what no other man has done to her and never will. He then stopped, undid his belt and took off his pants and all the rest. Carefully, he went back on top and pushed inside of her. Their two bodies forming one as he slid into her plunging his cock in and out. He lifted her legs over his broad shoulders and continued thrusting into her making Rey ignite loud moans. She gripped the silky bedcovers feeling he was tearing her apart. Ben groaned with each thrust, the lowered his body to kiss her. “Are you alright?” He then asked her pausing for a moment, but still inside of her. Even though both were enjoying making love, Ben was still aware of her actual condition. He needed to be careful with Rey and the babies. “Rey, if I’m hurting you just..-“ “You’re not, Ben.” She said between pants. “How could you ever hurt me?” He then smiled warmly at her. “Let me know if I'm being too rough, okay?" “I do have one request,” She replied glaring intensely at him. "What would that be?” Ben asked curiously. “To go on." She answered. "Please, don't stop Ben." They kissed and he continued pushing against her. He took her arms and placed them behind her head as he moved, taking control of her body. Sounds of good satisfying sex emanated from both of them with each hard movement. Pressure started to build up inside of him as Ben was reaching climax. “Rey.... I’m too close now...” “Me too,” Rey replied as she took her arms and gripped him tightly. She wrapped her legs around him as her breathing became faster and heavier. “Don’t stop! Don't I…” Walls squeezed hard. The feeling then overpowered both of them. Rey threw her head back and yelled his name as she orgasmed while he exploded inside of her, body muscles tightening with his release. They were sweating and panting heavily. He then rolled onto his back, beside her, and raked a hand on his raven disheveled locks. Rey then moved and fell against his heaving chest, his hand tangling in her hair. Ben kissed her head lovingly. “Five more months to meet them,” He said as he glanced at the ceiling. A smile plastered on her face as she brushed her fingers on his chest. “We need to start decorating their room soon and buy a crib.” "Yeah. Something simple and not too extravagant." He added. "Tomorrow sounds good, don't you think?" Ben nodded. "Yeah we could. Will one crib be enough for the boys?" "I'm not sure, but we will see." There was brief silence in the room and Ben thought she might have fallen asleep. Their breathing eased but still he wanted some more of Rey that night. “Will they ever know about my past?” He then asked making sure his wife was either awake or asleep. Rey raised her head to look straight at her husband. “That’s the least you should be thinking about, Ben. And if they knew someday you’ll be the one to tell them, whenever they are grown enough to understand.” "But what if they still reject their father? "You'll give them time." She replied resting her chin on his chest looking at him. "Right now what matters the most is that they get safely delivered into this planet." He let out a shaky breath running a hand through her bare back. "You're right. I shouldn't bring that up, especially tonight." "That's my guy," Rey smiled placing a kiss on his chest. "You will be a great father." "Thanks to you." He said running his thumb along the seam of her lips. She started kissing him playfully, and he rolled over and put himself on top of her again, deepening the kiss. "Ready for round number two?" He asked, brushing his lips over her cheek and down the side of her jaw. With her mouth very close to his ear, she whispered happily as well as a bit seductively. "Are you?" "No more than you." He replied before claiming her lips again. Finn woke up that morning to the smell of breakfast and then knew it was bacon. He made a grunt sound as he sat on the bed, feeling his head wanting to explode. Obviously, he didn’t sleep in his house by watching the room’s surroundings. Last night he drank a whole bottle of red wine, danced, and then forgot the following events that occurred that night. Strangely, the room didn't have any pictures of the owner of that place for Finn to recognize. He really hated staying in someone else's house because he could be bothering the owner. Moving the sheets aside, he got out of the bed and started walking to the door. The frying noise of bacon was more audible as he walked through a hallway and closer to the kitchen area. When he made it there Finn’s heart made a jump and his stomach turned. There was Poe Dameron, sitting on a stool and drinking coffee from an orange mug while reading the paper. He just spent the night in Poe’s place. Poe then looked up and saw Finn standing there and looking at him weirdly. “Morning, buddy.” He greeted him taking a drink of his coffee. “I’m making some breakfast to start the day off.” Finn swallowed thickly and tried to calm himself down. “Y-yeah, I see.” “Do you plan to stand there all day?” Poe asked him jokingly. “Take a seat.” “Thanks,” Finn said sitting on another stool. Poe got up and head to the kitchen. “Quite a night, huh? It was crazy." “Man, I don’t remember anything. Was I that drunk?” Finn asked while scratching his cheek. “Oh, definitely,” Poe answered pouring some coffee into a white mug. “You fell two times on your way to the bathroom. Ben and I helped you to stand up.” Finn’s eyes widened. “F-Fell?” Poe nodded. “That’s fine, though.” He then brought Finn coffee. “At least everyone had a great night.” “Yeah, I guess," Finn mumbled as he drank from his mug. “Did I said any bad stuff while in that state?” “Not at all," Poe answered. Finn sighed in relief after hearing that. "However, you said that I was very handsome a couple of times.” Poe added. Finn almost chokes on his drink after hearing that. He totally screwed up. Not only he got drunk at his best friend’s wedding party but also said Poe was good looking. “Poe...S-Sorry… I didn’t mean too..” “No Finn, that's alright.” Poe said calmly. “You’re a great person. That’s why Rey and others have total confidence in you.” “I’m not drinking again, ever.” Poe smiled at this and began to serve Finn’s breakfast. “It’ll pass, buddy.” He then devoured the food instantly leaving an empty plate behind. “Thanks. It was delicious.” “Your welcome." He replied “Nice place by the way.” Finn said looking around the area. “Not only you’re a great cook, but also know how to decorate.” “I spent my free time working on interior designs. It's like a hobby. Do you have any?" Poe asked him putting the paper aside. Finn drank the whole coffee and let Poe take it back to the kitchen. "Besides makeup and fashion, well that will be gardening." "Sounds interesting! I bet Rey has taught you a couple of things." “Yeah, true." Finn agreed. "I hope those two have a happy marriage, and parenthood too.” Poe turned around and leaned over a wall crossing his arms over his chest. “Finn, there’s something that worries me lately." “What will that be?" “Rey has some enemies,” Poe said worriedly. “As you know the person who tried to break both Rey and Ben apart must know one of them personally.” Finn's eyes narrowed. “Yeah, she told me about Unkar Plutt, her former driver. Apparently the guy stalked them and also threatened Rey.” “Never liked that guy.” “Me neither. Thank the gods she finally fired him, but didn’t left without a beating from Ben.” Poe's eyes widened. “Ben beat Plutt up?” “Pretty bad, yes.” Finn answered him. “Well, Plutt might not be working alone. Rey needs to keep her head up." Finn nodded. “Most likely.” "Do you need a shower?" Poe suddenly asked Finn changing the subject. "I-uh yes. Would appreciate that." Poe chuckled and walked a few steps. "Then follow me, buddy." Grocery stores on Ach-to were smaller compared to those back in Coruscant. Since it was a beach town not many people lived in it compared to the city. Ben stopped at one of these stores leaving Rey waiting inside the car. They needed to buy a few things to take home for Rey to make dinner. He was surprised there weren't too many people in the store and then took a cart. He dropped a couple of things in the cart and still needed two more. When he turned to the next aisle the familiar voice of a woman called out to him. “Oh well, look who’s here. If it isn't the famous Kylo Ren.” Ben turned around and recognized the woman as no other than Mrs. Snoke. What in the world was she doing here? Why her and especially during this time? Surely he needed to be aware of the woman especially after last time’s situation. “Aren’t you going to hold me in those strong arms?" Snoke asked him getting closer to him. “Don’t, Carisse.” He said, gesturing with a hand for her to stay away. “What do you want now?” The woman still had a plastered smile on her face as usual. She was still a calculating woman for sure. “What type of question is that, darling? You is all I want and need.” Ben laughed at her. “Forget it. I shouldn’t be even talking to you in the first place after what happened last time.” Snoke pursed her lips together and crossed both arms. "I know you made that girl your wife a couple of days ago." Ben went pale and turned around to face the woman once again. “How did you..” “Everything is known in this small town, my dear.” Mrs. Snoke answered giving him a half smile. "Such a lucky girl she is." His jaw clenched and knew this woman was about to tell the press now or even worst, Phasma. “Then move on and let us be happy, Carisse." Ben simply added. "You’re a married woman and what happened between us doesn’t matter anymore.” The woman nodded, pressing her lips together. “That’s true, even if it hurts me." "Hurt you?" Ben asked the woman in front of him. "Yes, Kylo. You were the only one who made me feel like a real woman.” Ben took a deep breath and drop the last thing he was holding in the cart. “I'm sorry, but life is giving me another chance and I would not blew it. Not this time.” Mrs. Snoke then turned around not facing Ben anymore. "Like I said, that girl is a lucky one." The woman walked away from him but then stopped before leaving the store and looked at Ben for the last time. “Oh, darling, before I leave. Beware of your crazy former boss. I heard that agency is having serious economic problems since you quit." “Phasma?” He asked quite shocked. “That’s right." Please, don’t tell me that woman isn’t capable of doing anything to get you back.” True. Phasma tried to ruin his relationship with Rey and manipulated him for years. It seems other escorts realized the same thing and how much Phasma exploited them through the years. They were all finally free from her claws. Both ex client and former escort parted their ways. Ben didn’t trust Mrs. Snoke that much but she seemed uninterested on telling Phasma or wanting to ruin him. Strangely, the woman acted sincerely this time. He paid for the things he bought and left the store to meet Rey back in the car. Four months had passed and the boys’ room was finally finished. Instead of buying one crib Rey and Ben decided to have two. They wanted the babies to be comfortable and have their own space while sleeping. The walls were painted beige and light curtains were placed on the two huge windows from the room. The walls also had their names hanging. The letters were made out of wood. They had their clothes already folded in each drawer. A rocking chair was also placed in the room for every time Rey needed to feed them or make them fall asleep. The room look simple yet amazing. Finn helped them those past months with moving things around and placing them too. Rey didn’t want an extravagant baby shower, but a small get together with their close friends. Maz gave them a few blankets she sewed herself with the boys’ names on them. They were light green and blue and very soft to the touch. Finn and Poe bought a couple of baby sweaters for the chilling days and nights out. They were getting close to each other and even went out frequently, looking like a couple. Lando and his wife couldn’t come, but they sent two baskets full of baby bottles and bath items. Two blue rubber duckies were given to the boys too. She was a few days to deliver both boys who moved constantly inside of her. She swore they were going to be fighters from all the kicking. She was wearing a purple tee and gray maternity shorts. Some stretch marks appeared around the skin of her belly but for her, it was a sign of motherhood. Honestly, pregnancy made Rey to even look more beautiful. Her hair was almost reaching the end of her back since Ben didn't want her to cut it. He was always taking good care of her. He showered with her and didn't allow her to walk around the house too much. Her ankles were swollen practically every day and back pains became intolerable. She then took a seat in the rocking chair, contemplating the room. Ben found her, rubbing her huge belly with both her hands. Even though she was pregnant Rey still made Ben go crazy. He loved this woman more than anything and the thought of losing her will be the end of the world for him. Rey then noticed Ben standing in the doorway with a fool in love look on his face and the brunette tried to contain her laughter. “How long have you been standing there?" Rey asked him, tucking a hair strand behind her ear. "Just now," he answered looking around the room. "It really looks great." She nodded and there was a sudden silence in the room. "My ankles got swollen again plus my back hurts like shit... I really don't know if I could take more of this any longer. " Rey added lifting one leg, then the other for him to see the ankles. He let out a chuckle and walked towards his wife. He patted her head tenderly and kneeled. "What really worries me is that you move around the house too much without supervision, Rey. What if you fall or are about to give birth?" She sighed. "But I can't spend a whole day in a bed, Ben. Also, I have to constantly call Hux to check on how things are going with the brewery." "That's understandable, however, I think yours and the babies health is first." "I know.. I'm sorry." She said in a lower tone. "Promise it won't happen again." Ben grinned taking her foot in his hand and massaged it. He did not rush it and Rey really loved the way his hands worked on her feet. Her foot was slightly swollen. "Does this feel better?" "Mhmm, it eases the pain." She replied. Rey then made a jump and a smile formed on her lips. "They just kicked!" Ben carefully let go of her foot and placed his hands on her belly lifting her shirt a little bit to expose some flesh. He then placed multiple kisses around it. Rey brushed her fingers through his glossy locks in response. The feeling of his warm lips made her skin come alive. She really missed the sensation of those lips doing pleasurable things to her. Ben has taken care of her during the whole nine months. He also enrolled in online classes to finish his studies and at the same time helping her. He wanted to start his own business and help Rey with the kids too. "They will be here in a couple of days. I'm so nervous, Ben." "I am too," He admitted. "Everything will be fine, though. Our boys will be delivered safely." "If they're like their compulsive daddy, sure." She said Ben cupped her face with his hands and kissed her. "More like having their mother's spirit." "You're so silly." The way Rey bit her lower lip seductively made the blood in his veins to boil. Yes, he loved his children more than his life, but he wanted her to give birth already. It has been two months they haven't felt the heat of each other's naked bodies or woken up entwined with each other the following morning. He was a man after all and had his so called manly urges. One thing for sure, he would never look for pleasure in another woman that isn't Rey. His unconditional love for her was extremely strong, and there will never be a woman who could substitute his current wife. Ben respected her current condition and wanted to give her some space even when all this wait was really killing him. "But you're so beautiful." He replied back boring his eyes into hers. "I love you, so much." "Me too, Ben. Me too." Both kissed again, this time deeply, and it felt like fire. As always, his tongue dominated hers in the end, and Rey loved it. Breaking the kiss, he carefully helped her to stand up from the rocking chair. "C'mon princess, let's get you to bed." Both walked out of the babies' bedroom and head towards theirs. As they did, Rey rested her head on his hard chest already feeling fatigued. Pregnancy wasn't an easy thing but it taught her how important her little family was going to be. Already in the room, Ben helped her to sit down in bed. He propped some pillows beside the headboard and leaned her against them. He then sat beside her. "Now rest until I come back from town. I need to pick up what's left in my mother's house." She placed her hand on his. "Don't worry, dad. I won't do anything 'dangerous'." He laughed taking her hand and kissing it. "I do hope so, Mrs. Solo" "Just go and do your thing, Mr. Solo. I will be waiting for you." Ben then stood up and started walking to the door to leave. "Do you need something to eat on my way back?" He asked her, turning around. "Well... I'm craving for a cinnamon pretzel and a hot chocolate." She answered rubbing her belly with one hand. "Alright then. I will see you in a while." He said. "Ben" Rey called to him before he could leave. "Yes?" He asked curiously. "Nevermind," Rey muttered. "Just.. be careful." He smiled at her and finally left the room. Ben decided to become someone and fulfill his dreams. His past was only that, past . Now all he cared about was Rey, Jaicen, and Vaden. "This is the house," Plutt indicated, parking his car a few blocks away from the beach house. Phasma's eyes squinted while surveying the place. "Are you sure, Plutt?" "Of course, I'm sure!" He said with some anger in his tone. "I may be an idiot to you, but this is the place I was told they were staying." "For your own safety you better be right." Phasma threatened him while checking something in her purse. "Let's get moving." Rey kept staring at the alarm clock already wanting Ben to come home. One hour has passed since he left to Leia's old home but then she remembered he was bringing her some food too. Rey was very independent and tough, however, the thought of giving birth without having him near her passed through her mind a lot and it absolutely frightened her. Not even Finn was there near her if anything like that happened. She continued reading a book and once in a while glanced at the alarm clock. Suddenly there were a couple of knocks on the front door. Rey wondered who could it be. The girl wasn't expecting anyone that day and Ben always carried the keys with him whenever he went outside. Again someone knocked on the door and Rey dropped the book onto her side of the bed. Carefully, she got out of the bed and walked to the front door of the house. She placed her hand on her back for support while walking. "Who is it?" She asked before opening the door. "It's from the brewery. Armitage Hux sent me here to speak about certain things concerning you." The voice of a woman said. Hux? Why would he send someone here without informing her first? Rey didn't hesitate and opened the door to meet a tall blonde woman wearing sunglasses. The woman was holding onto a purse close to her chest. "Rey Kenobi aren't you?" Phasma asked clutching her bag tightly. Rey frowned in mild confusion at the woman. "Yes, I'm Rey... and you are?" "Let's just say I'm someone who really wanted to meet from all the pain you've cause me." Rey was still confused. "I.. I'm not following you ma'am." Then what happened next made the pregnant woman's heart almost jump out of her mouth. Unkar Plutt appeared with a devilish smirk and stood in front of her. Rey deeply knew this wasn't a professional visit but more like something bad about to occur. "You either let us inside now, or this could turn really messy," Phasma ordered quickly taking a firearm out of her purse and pointing it at Rey's heart. "I believe those babies could be my first victims." Rey gasped and her eyes widened. Motherly instincts awaken as she wrapped her arms around her belly. "Please, dont!" "Then let us in, Ms. Kenobi ." Unkar Plutt suggested in a mocking tone. "Get inside, now!" Phasma ordered a frightened Rey who still had her arms protectively wrapped around the belly. Rey did, carefully backing up while the two intruders followed her. Phasma was still pointing her gun at Rey and then closed the door behind them. Notes: One more chapter and this fic will finally be completed. Chapter 19 : A strong family Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "No answer, that's odd. Probably she fell asleep while reading." Ben thought that Rey was probably taking a nap because she wasn't taking his calls. He tried a third time but still answering from her. Leaving Leia's house, he then went to buy Rey something to eat on his way home. Online classes gave him the opportunity to plan his own study time while at the same time taking care of his wife. He knew that Rey was very stubborn and preferred not to bother others with her issues. Such behavior worried Ben a lot especially during the last stages of her pregnancy. Knowing Rey walked around their house unsupervised wasn't a pleasant thought. They've been married for five months now and both made an excellent team. Their sex life was also great even when they haven't had some intimacy for two months. Ben swore not to touch her until she gave birth. The babies... A smile formed on his lips. He couldn't wait to hold them in his arms, cradle them, bathe them, and change their dirty diapers. Sometimes he couldn't believe that he was a family man and that Rey could love him this much. A former male escort who's job was to seduce women with no guidance in life. Ben grew up without a father figure but with his sons, everything was going to be different. Rey was really his light and the person who saved him from the darkness. They were destined to spend their lives together. Ben wasn't perfect but was willing to fix his past mistakes step by step. After buying Rey a pretzel and a hot chocolate he then drove back home. Traffic was calm that late afternoon with the sunset shining on his face. Another beautiful sunset that Rey and him miss. Both loved walking the beach more than just sitting and sunbathing so it wasn't unusual to see them walking whether it was early morning or close to sunset. Getting near Ach-to, he had the urge to call Rey once again. A couple of minutes have passed since the last time he tried to call her. This time, the phone was answered. "Did I wake you up, sweetheart?" Ben asked stopping the car at a red light. There was a brief silence as Rey didn't respond him back. The hairs on the back of his neck stood up as he heard a female's laugh and immediately recognized the familiar sound. Phasma. "How charming of you to ask that, Kylo ." Phasma said in an amused tone. "Where is my wife?" Ben asked altered and his breathing instantly taking quick breaths. He knew something bad must have happened to Rey and that Phasma was behind it. "Your wife , huh." Phasma said coyly. "Sure you love saying that word." "I ASKED YOU WHERE THE FUCK IS SHE?" Ben shouted, this time driving recklessly, trying to get home. Trying to get to Rey on time. "Calm the bloody hell down, unless you want your precious Rey to suffer the consequences." She was right. This was not the time to lose his mind but to get to his wife as soon as possible. Phasma was capable of anything to get him back and was a murderer. "Don't you dare to lay a finger on her or..." "Or what?" Phasma interrupted him. "I'm the one with the upper hand here, Kylo. Your wife is heavily pregnant and any stupid idea could make her lose those brats at any time." He gritted his teeth at the very idea. Ben was trying not to lose it but in reality, he just wanted to kill her then, so very much. The woman would never let him be happy and now she wanted to destroy his family too. He took a deep breath and licked his lips. "I won't beg you, Phasma. If that's what you want to just forget it." She laughed. "And don't you think I know? Especially after what you did to me." "What I do doesn't concern you, bitch. I'm a free man now with a family to take care of." Ben said finally arriving in Ach-to. He speeds up his car towards his home. There was no time left. "We will see... we will see." She said. "Better get in here on time, Kylo. Your wife's life it's in our hands now." Our hands? Phasma wasn't acting alone then and someone else was an accomplice. She then hung up and without wasting more time Ben headed to the beach house. Rey... just hold on my love. Phasma threw the phone away, breaking it from the impact. Unkar Plutt finished tying Rey's hands to the headboard. She didn't put resistance knowing that'll cause them to do anything against her. The tall woman was giving her so many hateful stares to the point Rey thought she was going to kill her anytime. It didn't shock her that Unkar was working with Phasma. There was no doubt in Rey's mind that Plutt took part on breaking her and Ben apart a few months ago. Rey needed to know more about his association with the woman. "Why are you helping her?" "For too many reasons." He answered while, with the back of his hand, he wiped away sweat from his forehead. "But it doesn't concern you. I don't work for you anymore." "There's no doubt in my mind now that you were the one who talked to the press." Rey accused him. Unkar shrugged and chuckled. "And what about it? My plan was to extort you and get rid of Ren. Phasma rolled her eyes at this last words. His plan? Plutt was really a delusional pig. "Why, Unkar?" Rey asked him drawing her eyebrows together curiously. "After the way my family treated you all these years." "Treated me? They never treat me right, especially that bastard Obi Wan!" He sputtered angrily. "Keep my grandfather's name out of your filthy mouth!" An angry Rey shouted back. Unkar raised his hand, about to hit her, until Phasma called out to him. Rey felt a relief and knew she needed to stop provoking them. She was mad and couldn't think straight. "You're lucky she stopped me right away or I would have knocked you out." The man snarled. "You're not my boss anymore." He then walked to the door and finally out of the room leaving both women alone. Rey saw how Phasma was loading her weapon. Perhaps she had a few minutes left and the woman was preparing herself to shoot her. Rey needed more time and had the idea to distract her some more time. "What do you want from us?" Rey asked Phasma, her voice shaking with anger more than fear. Tears threatened to fall out of her dark green eyes. However, she was not going to let her guard down. Phasma took some steps towards the bed. Her eyes bored into Rey's and then halted her steps. "That pretty face of yours, I really want to ruin it so bad." Rey's lower lip trembled and then looked away from the woman. She prayed for Ben to come already and in case she couldn't make it, save their unborn babies somehow. "Ignoring me, I see," Phasma said coyly. "Can't believe Kylo left me for you." "No, you're wrong," Rey objected quickly. "He left your agency to pursue a better life." Phasma caught Rey's angry stare, then smiled evilly, licking her lips. "Such a naive girl, aren't you?" Rey kept quiet, feeling the ropes already bruising the skin around her wrists. She tried pulling them out but it was useless. They were securely fastened. "More like a woman who loves deeply and wants to be loved. Same thing with Ben." "Don't make me laugh. Ben?" Phasma sarcastically said. "He only wants your body, and also your fortune." "Stop trying to deny the truth, Phasma. Ben is not Kylo Ren anymore." Rey added. "He is a man who just found love and changed for the better." Phasma shook her head and sighed, moving towards the room's window. She expected Kylo to arrive at any time but there was no sign of him yet. She thought about killing the girl on the spot but planned on doing it in front of him instead. "Nevertheless, you took him away from him." She turned to look at Rey. "My agency is ruined. Everything I worked so hard throughout the years collapsed." "That's not my problem, Phasma." Rey said firmly. Phasma raised her eyebrows and the corner of her mouth quirked up. "Do you want to know how many women he fucked over and over while being a male escort?" Rey's eyes swam with tears and squeezed them harder to hold them back. This woman wanted will never quit. Her mission was to destroy her so she could keep Ben to herself. "I love him," Rey confessed, "and no one will change my mind. No one!" "Even if he slept with so many women? "Yes! Yes, I do!" Rey shouted at her. "Because I trust him and he trusts me! You just don't know what love is, Phasma." Rey added looking directly at Phasma. They really love each other and Phasma felt it was a lost battle. Anger began to build inside of her and without any warning walked towards Rey, grabbing her by the throat. Rey felt how her attacker's hand tightened around her neck. She panicked for some breath but perhaps it was too late. Was this it? She was not going to lose Ben only, but also Jaicen and Vaden too. Her will withered. Forgive me, boys... Ben... "He's here!" Unkar Plutt said entering the room in a rush, interrupting Phasma from killing Rey. He was out of breath. "Are you positively sure?" The woman asked as she loosened her grip on Rey's neck. Phasma then moved to the window and saw Ben getting out of the car hurriedly and to the house. Phasma proceeded to close the window curtains and took a few steps away from Unkar. Tucking a blonde strand of hair behind her ear, Phasma pointed the gun at Unkar. "Thanks for the help, Plutt." She said to him, "However, your time is up." The man's eyes widened putting his hand up in surrender. "But Phasma... why..?" Rey slowly recovered her consciousness and observed how Phasma was pointing her gun at Unkar now. "Did you really consider yourself an ally to me? How absurd!" "Phasma, put the gun away... remember Ren and Rey are the targets here." Unkar tried to convince Phasma. "You will still need me." "Plutt, you're really bloody stupid. Thanks for being another pawn to me. I'll see you in hell." "But Phasma please... NO!" *POW POW* Ben heard two gunshots and Rey screaming. He quickly ran inside the house to where all the noises came from. Rey screamed at the horrific scene that just took place in front of her. The wall was now stained from Unkar's blood. Terror overtook Rey's face as Phasma pointed at her now. "Guess you're next," Phasma said indifferently. "Any last words?" Noticing that Rey wasn't going to say anything at all Phasma prepared to shoot her until Ben showed up and tackled her to the floor. The force of his body crushed the air from her lungs and Ben ripped the gun from her hand. "It's over, Phasma." He told her as he placed the gun on the bed. "The cops are on their way." "At least I won't go to jail disappointed knowing that your precious wife is on the verge of dying." She lied with the intention to distract Ben. And she did. Ben hastily got up and went to Rey's side. He cupped her face in his hands and meet her gaze. “Are you all right? They didn't hurt you?" She grabbed his hands gently and a tear fell down her cheek. Ben wiped it away and tried to make her calm down and that she was now safe. "Barely.." Rey answered in a lower tone. "Let's untie you." He said tugging the rope Rey felt secured around him and loved his touch against her skin. However, her worst fears appeared again as Phasma stood up from the floor and grabbed her gun from the bed. She then pointed the heavy loaded gun towards Ben's back. "Such a touching moment, sadly I will have to ruin it for you guys." "BEN!" Rey screamed in horror to warn him. Phasma fired her gun at Ben and then he shielded Rey with his body. Miraculously, the bullet only scratched his right cheek and went through the wall leaving a bullet hole. Before the woman could shoot again at them, the police arrived at the scene and grabbed the woman from behind. Phasma put resistance at first but in the end, the cops detained her for good. "Are you two alright?" One officer asked both Ben and Rey. "Yes, we are." Ben answered giving Rey a kiss on her lips. They both felt safe now and everything was over. They untied Rey and she quickly jumped into Ben's arms. All she wanted was to be by his side only, just his warmth made her feel safe. "It's all over now, sweetheart. I'm here and nothing ba-" "Ben..." Rey's eyes widened and looked at him extremely concerned. He blinked a couple of times at her wondering why that expression. "What?" "Ben, I think my water just broke.." On their way to the hospital, Ben informed Finn and Poe about what happened with Phasma and that Rey was about to give birth. They all agreed on meeting at the hospital and give their support to the couple. Rey’s hand was clutching her big belly as her face contorted in pain. She gripped Ben’s hand tightly until his fingers actually squished together. He was sitting by her side, trying to calm his nerves down. What worried him was what Rey experienced that afternoon with Phasma and Plutt. She saw how Phasma murdered Plutt and how she almost tried to kill him too. At least the woman was behind bars for all her crimes and manipulation against him. Justice was already made. He really despised hospitals from all the bad experiences he had with his mother. Leia suffered so much every time she was hospitalized. Seeing Rey like that reminded Ben so much of Leia. No. This time was different. Rey wasn’t going to die nor was she ill. She was only delivering two innocent babies into this world. Ben needed to get a lot of ridiculous ideas out of his head. What mattered now was they were going to be a happy family now. “Keep holding up, Rey. Jaycen and Vaden will be here soon.” He said rubbing her arm tenderly. “Try having a baby!” She said as her features contorted again. “Not one, but two!” He smiled at the brunette lying on the bed, panting between contractions, and leaning forward every time she had them. It was true, being a woman must be painful especially when giving birth. However, his wife was tougher than many people, even him. Two hours have gone by and still Dr. San Tekka haven't seen her yet. “Where’s the doctor?” Rey asked breathing in and out constantly. “Apparently, he is on the way." He responded looking at the clock which was hanging on the room's wall. "We need to be more patient." Rey looked at her husband as he turned to look away. The poor man was totally a nerve wreck even when he tried to hide it. She then saw the bruise on his cheek and thanked the gods it was just that; a scratch. “Ben, I’m sorry..” She said apologetically. He turned to look back at her and blinked a few times in confusion. “Why?” “For…” she said panting for breath as another contraction was nearing. “Me being rude just a while ago.” He chuckled. “I know you weren’t serious, sweetheart. And even if you were it’s the truth.” “You’re the best thing that has happened to me.” She replied as the contraction eased a little. He lowered his head to kiss her sweaty forehead and then her lips. “Same. I don’t know what I will do without you.” "When she shoot at us my mind went blank. I thought for a moment I lost you." "But you didn't, Rey. We're still here, together." Ben told her tenderly. Her soft smile disappeared as another strong contraction appeared making her moan sultrily. When it finally ended, she fell back, panting. Rey licked her pale lips and continue breathing in and out still gripping Ben’s hand. "About that crazy woman, will she leave us alone this time?" He placed his hand on her forehead gently. "She will not bother us ever again" Ben assured her. "But the way she murdered Unkar was...." Ben gently cupped her chin to make her look at him. "Rey, let's not talk about it. We should better focus on the babies and your health too." She nodded. "I guess you're right." Both kissed each other again when finally Dr. San Tekka arrived with two nurses all dressed in their surgical blue scrubs. Ben quickly stood up and recognized the old man. He was Leia’s former doctor. San Tekka also recognized Ben and half smiled at him. “Well, if it isn’t you.” “Yeah,” Ben replied crossing his arms under his chest. “My wife is in pain right now.” “Those babies will be here in no time,” San Tekka said checking Rey with the help of one nurse. “Oh, one it's here already. Nine and a half centimeters to be precise.” Ben uncrossed his arms and his expression changed. “What do you mean?” San Tekka dragged a stool and sat in it while the nurses helped him pushing Rey’s legs apart. "The baby's head is down. I can feel it." "Ben," Rey called to him. He then walked back to Rey's side. "Try to relax, Mrs. Solo." San Tekka told Rey who was finishing another contraction. Ben grabbed her arm firmly while wrapping his other arm around her back to support her. He tentatively rubbed her back too. Rey's face was red and bathed in sweat and she grimaced in an effort. Thank the gods she wasn't screaming in pain like many women do when giving birth. “Alright, Mrs. Solo. At the count of ten, you’ll begin pushing. Then, you’ll take some quick breaths and will continue to do the same until the first boy comes down.” San Tekka ordered her. Rey nodded and Ben brushed his lips on her sweaty forehead. “You can do it, Rey.” “Alright...now.” San Tekka said and Rey started pushing while the nurses counted to ten. Abruptly, Rey's face started to get bright red again as she pushed. She was really concentrating on it. "Easy, easy, take some deep breaths, gently." The doctor murmured. Rey did. Ben continued to support her back, admiring how strong his wife was. Another reason he loved her so much. "Let's do it again, ma'am. At the count of ten." The nurse told her and Rey started pushing again. Ben could see the pressure of her body as she did so. "There's the head," San Tekka said quietly. "Excellent job, child." The slippery little body of one of the babies slid out into San Tekka's waiting hands. "Baby number one is all welcomed!" Ben could see the tiny blue creature being shown to him by San Tekka. A powerful cry escaped the small baby's lungs as the first sign of breathing in this world. Rey's eyes got teary and smiled at the sight of her newborn son. "Vaden.." She said looking at her baby being taken away by a nurse. Another contraction interrupted the happy moment and Rey let out a loud moan. Ben hurriedly rubbed her back and didn't let go of her hand. "Baby number two needs a push now. Remember at the count of then and then take some breaths." San Tekka said to Rey. Rey nodded and started pushing again while Ben and the other nurse counted to ten. She gritted her teeth. "Have a little rest, Mrs. Solo. Then we will do the same." The wise doctor told Rey as Vaden's cries could be heard. Ben had the honour to cut little Vaden's umbilical cord. The baby was then taken to another room. Rey continued pushing harder and harder, feeling her body was weakening with every push. "There he is, just another push and it will be done." San Tekka murmured again. Once again she pushed, this time, she screamed out of her lungs and with a rush. Finally, the other slippery little body slid out into the old man's hands again. "Here's boy number two! Congratulations you both!" Ben kissed Rey hardly on her lips. "Thank you, Rey. I'm proud of you." The girl smiled at him and then looked at the other crying baby. "Jaicen.." Rey then collapsed down on the bed, extremely exhausted. Ben studied her features and brushed his fingers on her cheek. She was all sweaty and some her eyelashes were soaked from pain tears. "Rest now, sweetheart." "I want to see them, Ben." "I know and you will. But first rest and then they will bring them to us." He reassured her. Finn and Poe arrived that night with flowers and balloons. When they entered the room there was Rey holding both babies in her arms. Ben was lying beside her in bed staring at them with a loving look on his face. He was brushing his giant index finger on Jaicen's little soft cheek. Both men thought they were a beautiful family. "Uncle Poe and uncle Finn are here." Rey said to both babies in a motherly tone. Ben rose from the bed to received both men and the presents they brought. "How did everything went?" Finn asked Rey who couldn't take her eyes away from the sleeping babies. "Not so tolerable but I recovered quicker than expected," Rey answered. "We know what happened with Phasma too, glad you two are doing fine," Poe added looking at Ben then at Rey. Ben sighed and raked a hand through his hair. "Yeah, she tried to kill us. "She killed Unkar Plutt, though," Rey added cradling both babies softly. Finn jaw dropped. "Unkar? H-he was also there?" Ben nodded. "They were working together all this time." "I knew Unkar had to do with talking to the press," Poe said worriedly. "The guy never minded his own business when it came to you, Rey." "That's true, but he's gone now. I forgive him for all the bad things he did to us." She said. Finn then smiled at her friend and how maternal she looked while holding both babies. "They're gorgeous, like their parents." "Thanks," Rey humbly thanked him. "They love to sleep a lot," Ben added crossing his arms. "I wonder from whom did they inherited that? Rey glared at him, "Obviously not from me." The three men laughed at her response. That night, the babies slept near their parents in two separate blue bassinets. Rey couldn't keep her eyes off of them and acted protectively. Ben made sure both Vaden and Jaicen were properly covered since the room was very cold. Whenever he did that, Rey loved it. The man she loved was going to be an excellent father. Six months had passed and the twins already cut their first small tooth. They spend many nights crying from teething but both parents took great care of them. Jaicen was calmer than Vaden, who cried mostly when he wanted milk. Also, Vaden loved to be cradled by Rey while Jaicen preferred to spend time on the pen play. They both laughed inwardly when Ben made funny faces at them or any other noises. Rey thought both boys were the splitting image of Ben. Their hair was raven black and growing longer. Also, their skin was pale like Ben's. The only thing they inherited from Rey was their dark green-hazel eyes. They were strong too, grasping their small hands on their parents' long fingers. All looks were on them as a family. They frequently took Jaicen and Vaden out for a stroll on the beach or in the park. Ben already finished his online courses and obtained his degree. He was building his own company with the help of Rey and also Poe. The Kenobi brewery continued to function normally even after the last horrible strike. Armitage became the president, something he wished for all his life. His hatred for Ben disintegrated after becoming the president of the brewery. Phasma was sentenced to life imprisonment and the agency went for bankruptcy. Many male escorts either quit or went to work somewhere else. Her lawyer tried to make her seem as if she was mentally unstable, but the jury in the end, didn't bought that excuse. Poe and Finn became roommates and were planning on adopting children. They thought their friends looked happy with their babies and decided to also have kids in their lives. Both also were the godparents of the twins in their christening. Maz Kanata helped Rey to babysit sometimes even though Jaicen loved to pulled her hair all the time. The small woman was now accostumed to it and loved those two kids as if they were her grandchildren. Rey couldn't ask for a better husband. Ben Solo truly made her happy and resulted on being a good father. All the people who had something negative to say about him ate their words in the end. Many society people that rejected them wanted now to apologize for their rudeness. Ben didn't really cared anymore because he had a family to take care of. Rey didn't wanted their forgiveness when in reality they never knew the real Ben Solo. One early morning she woke up to find Ben in the boys' room, sleeping on the floor. The three of them slept soundly and Rey didn't wanted to wake up the three men of her life. She smiled at this and found it adorable. Probably he wanted to make sure Rey had some rest after losing a couple of nights to attend the kids with their teething problem. She then stared at one of the windows from the room as the sun began rising over the coast of Ach-to. In the end she couldn't ask for anything else... Notes: That's with that guys! This fic is completed finally. I really had a lot of fun writing my first Reylo fic and just want to thank those who read it, enjoyed it, and also gave kudos! Until next time.