Prelude für das größere Wohl . The black iron gates of Nurmengard Prison stood strong against the wind, rolling off of the sea and into the jagged cliffs behind him. His fingers curled into fists at his sides as he passed under the engraving and into the shadow of the fortress. This image blurred around the edges and blended into the next. In the highest tower of this staggering monument was a single occupied prison cell. Grim weathered walls had been worn down over time and a fine layer of grime - grit, and dust, and human sweat - clung to the damp floor. A thick darkness pressed in on his vision and he could not hear the sound of his prisoner's breathing over the hiss of the wind. Lumos . His lips did not move but as he raised his wand, light burst from the tip and he turned his head away from the blinding glow until his eyes adjusted to the light. It threw the discoloration of jet black stone into sharp relief, and revealed his prisoner's living conditions: a single pallet carved out of rock with a coarse gray blanket. It should have smelled worse than it did. On the edge of the stone bed, his bare feet on the floor, skin ashen, and robes so dirtied by filth they had become gray and ragged, sat a man. His tangled gray beard obscured the press of thin lips together. His hair had grown longer and taken on a greasy sheen. He seemed to have aged overnight. "Look at me," he commanded in a low voice. The prisoner raised his eyes, dilated pupils sunken into a face that had not slept or eaten in many days. Around the nostrils and the temples was dried blood. He did not look like the great Auror of legend, the one they had been hunting for years. And now because of her the coward had come out of hiding. He had returned to England. Kylo Ren had found him. "Luke Skywalker." "Ren." A single word, hoarse and raspy and weak. A sense of triumph twisted itself into his gut to hear the Auror say his name. His true name. " Crucio ." Kylo Ren uttered the curse and several hundred kilometers away in a small flat in Woolwich, she woke up gasping. "Rey-" "Have you seen my boots?" she interrupted, shouldering past him with her rucksack in hand. She shoved two changes of clothes, extra socks, six apples, a loaf of bread, and the rest of Finn's cauldron cakes into the bag. She stood in the middle of their living room with its mismatched chairs and particle board tables, her bath towel tossed over one lamp and the floor littered with empty take-out boxes, scribbled-on parchment, and too many quills. All of the rubbish was hers. Finn was much neater. Everything he owned was on a shelf or in a drawer. "In the closet." "Thanks." She crossed the room and Finn stepped through the kitchenette to intercept her. She twisted the knob and he pushed his hand against the closet door, shoving it shut. That got her attention and she turned to glare at him. " What? " she demanded impatiently. He was still in his pajamas, black drawstring bottoms and a navy blue Puddlemere United jersey. She had woken him up at half past five shouting about Luke and he burst into the room with his wand drawn. After he realized there was no imminent threat lurking in their flat, he sat with her on the bed and coaxed her to eat half a bar of chocolate. By the end of it, she'd made up her mind. "We need to talk about this," Finn insisted, and he'd gotten better at not wilting under the full force of her glower. He stood his ground. "You can't just go off half-cocked," like you always do , "We don't even know what we're dealing with." "I told you what I saw." "Rey-" "It wasn't a dream." She knew what a dream felt like - and a nightmare, too. "It was a vision. It was his vision, I was in his head," and she knew what he was going to do. Rey saw things about him sometimes, snatches of images and words with no context, things she didn't really understand, none of it very useful and all of it seething with an undercurrent of rage. It started after that night, when she saw his face for the first time. "I thought Skywalker was training you against that, because it's dangerous." "He is." Or he was. But six months did not make her a proper Occlumens. She was having to catch up on years of magic that everybody else took for granted because they got to go to school. She didn't. She grew up thinking she was a kriffing squib until she found that wand. "It doesn't always work," especially not when she was sleeping, "Why are you complaining? We wouldn't have known Luke was in trouble if it wasn't for-" "For him? " Finn didn't like to say his name, Kylo Ren. "Don't you see how twisted that is?" She didn't, no. She didn't think it was twisted. She thought it was lucky and that they were wasting time. "We don't know Luke is in trouble. We haven't gotten any owls about it from the Resistance." "Maybe they don't know ." "Then let's get over there," he said, urging her, "Talk to Organa, tell her what you know, she'll send every hit wizard she's got," and Finn thought those were much better odds than Rey trying to pull off a one-witch rescue. Luke had left a week ago - she didn't know why, she didn't ask - but he promised to be back by Sunday. That was three days from now, and she didn't want to think about what Kylo Ren could do to him in three days. Or even three hours, or however long it would take to coordinate with the Resistance. What is he doing to Luke right now? Rey squeezed her eyes shut tightly and shook her head to dispel the thought. She took a deep breath and blinked. "I'm going now," she said flatly, " You talk to the Resistance, send them to Nurmengard. That's where they'll find us," because that's where he was. In Germany. She didn't know what Luke was doing there but she was going to find out. "But-" "Finn," she cut him off sharply. This was not a debate, she was leaving and he better not try to stop her because that would put a real strain on their friendship. "Kylo Ren is going to kill Luke, do you understand?" she heard him think it and she believed it, "And I'm not going to stand around like last time and... let him die!" "That's not fair, Rey," he shot back, raising his voice to match hers, "What happened to Han wasn't our fault-" "We were there ," I was there . She didn't blame Finn, she blamed herself. She watched Kylo Ren utter the words and she didn't react quickly enough. She didn't warn him. The killing curse cut right through Han in a blast of green light and then he fell. Rey felt her throat tighten. Her eyes blurred with tears and she lowered her gaze to keep from crying. If she started, she might not be able to stop. That wasn't going to help anybody. Her breathing shallow but composed, Rey straightened. She didn't save Han but she could save Luke. "Move, Finn." Rey tried the knob again and this time Finn didn't fight her on it. He reluctantly let go of the closet door. There were her boots, ankle high and tan, sturdy, her favorite pair on the ground next to her broom. She shifted her rucksack onto one shoulder and wriggled her right foot into the shoe. "You can't go alone." "You're not coming with me," she retorted, but her tone softened when she looked up at him. "You're barely out of St. Mungo's. You still need to recover." Rey bent down to tug at her left boot until her foot slipped in, and then she stood. She was wearing her winter cloak and - underneath that - white trousers and a tunic that she belted. It hid her wand well. "I won't let you face him by yourself." Rey believed him. She looked at her friend and saw in the set of his jaw a sort of stubbornness that frustrated her but also... made him someone she'd trust with her life. But this was one trip she didn't want him to make, because the last time he faced Kylo Ren he nearly died. He had the deep scars in his back to prove it. She was not going to lose him to save Luke. She wouldn't even risk it. She smiled at him briefly and stepped forward, closing the space between them. She kissed his cheek, an uncharacteristically affectionate gesture for her, and said, "I know." That's why she wasn't going to get him a choice. Rey took her broom out of the closet, moved just out of reach, and Finn's eyes widened in realization as her fingers tightened on the straps of her rucksack. "Rey, don't-" But she Disapparated, and the rest of Finn's words were swallowed up by the sound of her own blood rushing through her ears. She ended up outside of town and near the channel. It was just a short flight from here, and then she would find Nurmengard, rescue Luke, and stop Kylo Ren. I can do this, she thought to herself, in an effort to steady her nerves. Luke was depending on her. I can do this. Chapter 2 : The Rescue Summary: Rey thinks she's found where Luke is being held, but she ends up face-to-face with Kylo Ren instead. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey only spoke a little German - just enough to get by. She knew nothing about the German wizarding world, or who she could ask for help in finding this black fortress by the sea. Finn had told her everything he knew: Nurmengard Prison was warded with anti-Apparition spells, located somewhere in the Baltic Sea, and rumored to be unplottable - like Azkaban - so that Muggles wouldn't stumble across it. That made it very difficult for wizards to find, too. Rey spent several hours wandering around the city of Rostock, stopping people on the street with "Entschuldigung, Ich suche..." and she described what she'd seen in her vision. All of them lived on the coast, less than twelve kilometers from the sea, and no one could tell her anything useful. She could hear Finn's voice in her head - a big 'I told you so' for not getting directions before she left - because now she was the only one wasting time. "You are looking for das Zauberergefängnis." Rey started in surprise, and she turned towards the voice. There was an old man sitting on a bench nearby, overlooking the ferry port that fed into the sea and took Muggles from Germany to Sweden and Denmark. He must have overheard her conversation with a couple of French tourists who knew nothing about the area but talked Rey into taking their picture in front of the water. She could have sworn the old man wasn't there before - in his brown corduroy cap and worn fishing boots - and she drew closer to him. It could have been a spell. She didn't see a wand and he wasn't dressed like a wizard but neither was she. It didn't mean he didn't know exactly what she was looking for. "Yes," she confirmed tentatively, examining his profile for any outward indication that he was... like her, "Nurmengard." She said the name of the prison, and he reacted with a sigh. "I need to go there." "Do not," he replied, bleary eyes roving over the coastline and the girl. "It is not safe for you. Schwarze Magie, Verstehen sie? It is a bad place." "I know what it is." Her voice was sharp because she'd heard all this before and she didn't need a complete stranger telling her what she should and shouldn't do. "Can you help me?" He didn't want to but Rey insisted. She pleaded on Luke's behalf and something she said must've persuaded him. He told her the prison was located on the northeast part of Rügen Island, accessible through the beech forests and hidden from Muggles by very powerful spells. Where they saw a rugged drop to the rocky shoreline below, a wizard would see the cliffs extend, losing their chalky coloring and bereft of any foliage. There were no trees, no grass, nothing living at Nurmengard except for prisoners. And the occasional guard. That's who she was talking to, she discovered. He admitted that he knew where the prison was because he had worked there once, but not for many years. Not since the Empire had swept through eastern Europe, helmed by the dark wizard Darth Vader. And what he had seen terrified him so thoroughly that he had turned his back on the wizarding world and now lived as a Muggle. Rey wasn't sure how much of that was true - and how much of it was an effort to dissuade her from going to Nurmengard, but in the end it only made her more determined to find Luke. The prison was exactly where he'd said it'd be. Rey flew to the island and set down on the edge of the forest. It ended abruptly, violently, a thick line of green trees and then - on the other side of the enchantment - nothing but craggy gray stone and a heavy fog that wrapped itself around the cliffs and her. She walked forward and it swallowed up the trees behind her until she could no longer see them. Soon it was impossible to know which direction she'd come from or how to go back. This made everything feel colder and darker, and Rey shivered underneath her cloak. She passed under the gate and found herself unconsciously tracing the same steps she - he - took before, over the threshold and onto the prison grounds. Then she saw the fortress. It swelled up out of the fog, dark and foreboding. The walls were even taller than she remembered, and the windows were small and heavily shuttered. She didn't realize there were windows. He hadn't noticed them, and neither did she. Until now. "Hello, scavenger." His voice was not as deep as in her vision, where it was such a low, rumbling sound - almost inhuman - it made her teeth ache. This sounded real. Kylo Ren stepped out from the shadow of the prison entrance in heavy black robes, the hood obscuring the forehead of his mask. Rey had already pulled her wand before he finished speaking, and she dropped her rucksack on the ground to free up her movement. A single red apple rolled out of the bag and nudged her boot. She ignored it. She ignored everything but him. "Where's Luke?" Her gaze briefly darted up to the tower she'd seen in her vision. Was he up there now? Could he hear her? Did he know she had come to save him? Kylo Ren tilted his head, the only indication she had that he heard her at all. Then he spoke. "I do not know." "You're lying," she snapped furiously, and while her voice shook slightly her wand did not, "He's in the tower." Or he was. "Is he?" Yes . Rey didn't say it out loud because it sounded like he was mocking her, like he wasn't the least bit surprised she found him with his prisoner. Why was he acting so calm? What had he done? What did he know that she didn't? "I won't stop you." His tone was as unreadable as his mask. "Go on, scavenger. Find him. I will wait." "Why?" Rey demanded suspiciously but he wouldn't respond. He said nothing. He just stared at her - and she knew that was what he was doing, even though she couldn't see his face. She could feel it. There was a pressure in her mind, something pushing up against the walls that Luke had helped her build, and she knew it was him. And Rey remembered that Legilimency was strengthened through eye contact. She forced herself to drop her gaze several inches. She was staring at his chest and not his face. The pressure ebbed. Rey made a decision. Kylo Ren wanted her to go to the tower - which, of course, made her not want to do it... but she had to know. She had to know if Luke was there, and if he was, what kind of shape he was in. And true to his word, not that it meant anything, Kylo Ren did nothing to Rey when she mounted her broom. She kicked off into the air and no curse splintered her Starfighter or knocked her into the side of the fortress. She glanced down and watched his cloaked figure shrink - unmoving - as her broom climbed higher, past floor upon floor upon floor of (what she hoped were) empty prison cells. The closer she drew to Luke, the less she thought of Kylo Ren until the only all-consuming thought in her mind was, He's alive. He's alive. You're not too late. You can save him. He's alive. Kylo Ren wouldn't be here if he wasn't alive. Rey was not much for prayer, but she was begging Merlin himself to please, please, show me I didn't let him down. She didn't think she could stand it, losing someone else. Losing Luke. She felt like she'd been looking for him her whole life. Han had offered her a job but Luke had shown her what she was, what she was capable of. She was going to become an Auror, just like him. And he was going to be there to see it. She refused to let him go. Rey reached the tower window and dug her fingernails into the rotten wood to pull the shutters open. She had to use both hands, tucking her wand into the front of her tunic, and when she tore them back and peered inside she saw... nothing. "Luke?" Rey pulled up next to the window and slung a leg over the ledge, ducking inside and pulling her broom in afterwards. " Lumos. " She lit her wand and whispered, "Luke, are you in here?" The floor was exactly as she remembered, and the walls too, everything in this room looked just like her vision. "Luke?" It only took her seven steps to cross the length of the prison cell and she turned around uncomprehendingly. The tower was empty. There was no blanket on the stone pallet. There was no proof that he'd been here at all. It didn't smell like anything but wet stone. He wasn't here. She was too stunned to be relieved. She didn't understand what was happening. "Did you really think I didn't know you were in my head?" She spun around towards the voice - and the sound of fabric slithering over stone - and saw him standing just inside the window sill. He had moved so quietly she didn't even hear the scrape of his boots against the ledge. "Where's Luke?" Lumos . She muttered the spell again because she didn't want to be stuck in this tower in the dark with him . "I could feel you, scavenger. I-" " Where's Luke? " Rey was sure it annoyed Ren to be interrupted. She was also sure she couldn't care less. "He is not here," he said flatly. "I can see that," you smug wanker , she could barely get the words out through gritted teeth and the closer he stepped towards her the more she edged along the wall. She kept the windowsill in sight. He seemed so much larger in such a small space. He towered over her. "Where did you move him?" "I didn't," she hated the sound of his voice, its condescending drawl, when he stated slowly, "He was never here." "That's bollocks," Rey spat at him defiantly, "I saw him." "You saw what I wanted you to see." Those were the words, the ones he had anticipated uttering from the moment she arrived. He studied the shifting emotions flickering across her face until she settled on one: disbelief. "You can't do that." The words were barely above a whisper, "I don't believe you." "Yes, you do." It was gratifying to him - her dawning realization that Luke Skywalker had either concealed this possibility from her or did not know it was possible - and he cut through her denial swiftly, "I know when you are lying, scavenger." "How do I know if you're lying?" Rey retorted, scrambling for any sort of purchase in this conversation. Her mind was spiraling with the knowledge that Finn was right. He was right. This was a trap. The vision wasn't real. None of it was real. Luke Skywalker wasn't in trouble. She was. Kylo Ren raised gloved hands to his face and her grip tightened on her wand. Lumos. He removed his mask and the hood fell away from thick, dark hair. He stared at her from across the prison cell and she saw the dark red scar bisecting his face in a jagged line, the one she gave to him when she fought him in the woods. He had taken off the mask so she could look him in the eye, to do as he did and read the truth in his thoughts. "Look at me." The words echoed from her vision of him, from the way he had commanded Luke in his illusion. "No." He was inviting her - ordering her - to enter his mind and she realized, she didn't want to be there. She didn't know how to look into his thoughts - like this - without letting him into hers. And what's worse, she didn't trust herself, her ability to tell whether or not he was deceiving her... because of this. Because of where she was right now. He knew exactly what to show her, what to do, to bring her here. He manipulated her. "Are you afraid?" She was afraid of the fact that someone she hated could know her so well. She wouldn't give him the satisfaction of hearing the answer, though. She ignored him and demanded, "What do you want? " "You know what I want." To teach her. He'd said that before. "No." It was never going to happen. And even if she didn't already have a teacher, the last person she'd choose would be a Dark wizard who belonged in a place like this. "You will have a choice," he acknowledged lowly. Rey didn't like the way he said that, as if he expected her to stay here. Not a chance. "A choice," she repeated distractedly, "I choose not-you ," she felt her elbow catch on the groove of the wall. It slipped. She was next to the window. She had a way out. "I don't think you will." She didn't know what that meant but she didn't need to know. She needed to get out of this tower. Between Kylo Ren and an open sky, she'd take the free fall. Hoping for the best, Rey pivoted and dove through the open window with broom and wand in hand. Notes: Thank you so much for the feedback, everyone! :D :D Your kudos and comments motivate me like nothing else (even better than caffeine!) to write. I appreciate it! Chapter 3 : A Third Party Summary: Rey rejects Kylo Ren's latest recruitment offer, and ends up getting a free lesson in fighting dementors. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "You thought that was going to work." It was an observation, not a question. Right up until the moment he cast a freezing charm on her, she did. Now she was suspended in mid-air. Rey wasn't afraid to fall but she hated this. It reminded her of the first time she met him. And the second. He liked those sorts of spells, she noticed, the ones that paralyzed her. She couldn't move but she could taste her pulse in her throat and she was starting to panic. Kylo Ren raised her immobilized body with one hand and brought her back to the tower, and she knew she should have disarmed him first. Luke had told her that the very best Aurors act in self-defense, or in defense of others. He trained her according to this unwritten rule. Kylo Ren hadn't drawn his wand until now and was she really using that as an excuse? She should have stunned him the moment she saw him. He could do wandless magic - she'd seen it herself - which meant he was never not a threat. He took her wand. Then he released her from the spell and Rey dropped in a heap on the stone pallet. She gasped in pain when she landed on top of her broom, the handle digging into her sternum and left thigh. She could breathe on her own again and she could move her own body, so she clumsily clambered to her feet. Her fingers twitched for something that wasn't in her hand - or her belt. Without her wand she felt like she was naked. Which was strange, you know, since she lived eighteen years without a wand and was perfectly fine. She made do with a walking stick and scrappy reflexes. But that was before she met the First Order. Rey stood with her calves pressed into the stone, and her eyes adjusted to the murky light of the cell quickly. He had her wand in his hands, while his own floated in the air next to him. It was lit. How did he do that? She shook her head briefly. It didn't matter. She stuck out her right hand - it was a dumb gesture, but what else was she going to do? - and said, "Give me my wand." She didn't like the way he was touching it. His fingers caressed the wood with care, and he wasn't taunting her with it. In fact, she got the distinct sense that he wasn't paying attention to her at all. He was utterly transfixed by the wand. "Cedar wood, thirteen inches, unbending," he murmured reverently, as if it was made of gold. But it wasn't made of gold, just- "Phoenix feather core." "Yes, you're a regular Ollivander," she retorted impatiently, uncomfortable with the details he rambled off about her wand. He was right, of course, but so what? "Give it back." He looked at her. "How did you get this?" Truthfully? Han brought her to Hogwarts, where she met with Headmistress Kanata. She had the wand. "It chose me." That's what Maz said when she found Rey snooping around her office. "It belonged to my grandfather." His voice was very soft and was it just her, or was his grip on her wand just a little too possessive? "I know." Maz told her it was Anakin Skywalker's wand when he was at Hogwarts. She didn't want it - at first. She didn't want something that had done so much evil... until she used it, felt the way it responded to her, and understood that this had been Luke's wand once, too. And he was a great wizard. A good wizard. "Ren, give it back." He wasn't listening to her. He raised the wand - pointed it at her - and she knew he was going to use it. Her fingers tightened so hard on her broomstick she felt her nails dig into grooves into the wood. He was going to kill her and there was nothing she could- Bam! Whatever the spell was, it backfired in an ear-splitting crack of power and slammed Ren's body into the wall. Rey heard the sound of her wand hitting the ground as the force of the blow stunned him - and he dropped it - and she didn't hesitate. She threw herself across the room, skittering on hands and knees until her fingers closed on the wand. She crab-walked backwards as he struggled to his feet with an infuriated growl. "Stupefy!" she shouted at him - and he dodged the spell, scooping up his own wand off the floor. "Incarcerous!" Thick, coarse ropes burst out of his wand like snakes and wrapped around her legs and chest. Rey could barely move and she lost her balance, twisting her wrist until it rubbed so hard against her bindings that it burned. "Relashio ," she whispered, the incantation restricted as the ropes tightened around her torso. But her revulsion jinx countered the spell and the ropes fell off her body loosely. That was one of the first spells she wanted to learn, after what he did to her. She jerked her head up and saw the flash of light - and rolled to avoid being struck. She twisted to her side and retaliated, "Expelliarmus!" He blocked her spell and she scrambled into a squat. Rey had backed herself into a corner and this time, she was nowhere near the window. Ren crowded her against the wall and his broad shoulders nearly blocked out what light there was coming from those overcast skies. "Enough." His voice was very low and very angry. " Petrificus Totalus! " He deflected the spell with a flick of his wand. "Stop fighting me." " No ," she retorted furiously, because he wasn't the only one who was mad. She was more mad than she was afraid, and she was never going to stop fighting him. " Stupefy!" "Silencio." The silencing charm choked her incantations in her throat. When Rey opened her mouth, no sound came out. She could still breathe but she couldn't speak - and she wasn't capable of non-verbal magic. Sometimes it just happened but she couldn't control it. Ren deigned to crouch down in front of her and in doing so, his heavy black robes pooled at his feet. His face was inches away from hers. She pressed her wand into his shoulder, digging the tip into his collarbone until she knew he could feel it. "Scavenger," that's not my name , she thought. She glared at him. "Let me help you." Help me? Rey wished she could have told him exactly what he could do with his offer of 'help' - but she couldn't say a word. Suddenly, something cold swept through the room. The light disappeared from Ren's wand, from the window, the sky darkened, and the clouds grew so heavy and dense they turned black. It was the middle of the afternoon and it felt- it looked like night. There was no light anywhere. She couldn't even see him, she could only hear the sound of his robes as he shifted and turned, regaining his full height. She was cold. Rey sucked in a painful, shallow breath and it made her chest burn. She shuddered so violently she nearly knocked her head against the wall. It wasn't a numbing cold. It hurt . It stung her face, slithered between the clasp of her cloak and her neck and bit into her skin. It burrowed into her, piercing her muscle and her- her bones ached. She couldn't move. Her body was rigid with pain and... fear. She was scared. There was something out there. She was sitting in a room with Kylo Ren - who'd been in her nightmares for months - and she had never been more terrified than she was right now. "They're here." What? What was here? What was it? The questions clawed at her throat but she couldn't speak. Her teeth chattered so hard that she bit her tongue and tasted blood. "Dementors." Even his voice sounded... he didn't... he was afraid of them too. Dementors. Rey didn't know what that meant, she didn't know what it was. She had never heard that word before. She turned her wide-eyed gaze towards the window when she heard it, the most disgusting sound you could imagine... a dry, raspy rattling inside an empty chest. She saw its shape - so dark, so black - emerge from the shadows as it glided towards the tower and curled its long, grey, scabbed fingers over the windowsill. It shoved its cloaked head into the room and took a breath, a gasp that made her entire body seize up with dread. She let out a whimper, wholly unintentional, and it swiveled its face - it had no eyes, and she knew she didn't want to see its mouth - towards her. Someone was crying. Rey dug her hands into her hair and squeezed her eyes shut but the sound only grew louder. She was sitting on the ground, in the dark, and she was so cold and so frightened. She looked up and squinted through the rain, and she saw these... monsters in masks. One stepped forward and he- he stood over her and he pointed his wand at her and she- "Avada Kedavra!" She clapped her hands over her mouth as his body crumpled. One of the other monsters had killed him. Rey couldn't breathe and she combed her fingers through the mud, sliding as it squelched into her boots and underneath her heels. She slipped twice before she could stand and the whole time he stared at her. She turned and she ran. "Rey." She felt pressure against her shoulders and she fought in earnest and she was screaming, screaming, screaming and she couldn't stop. " Rey! " His hands were touching her face, her head, untangling her fingers so that she wouldn't pull her hair out. "Rey, look at me!" She came out of the vision panting and confused, eyes wild, but she still felt so cold and she knew she wasn't safe. The person holding on to her, speaking to her in a low voice words that she couldn't understand, it wasn't Finn, or Luke, or even Poe. It was Ren. He was touching her. He nearly had his face buried in her neck. His breath was hot. Rey recoiled from the warmth. "D-d-don't t-touch m-me," she managed to stutter, and would have been relieved to have her voice back if she didn't feel so scared. He stiffened and let her go. Slowly. Maybe even reluctantly. "Rey." This was the first time she'd ever heard him say her name, but now she counted... how many times did she count? "Let me help you." He repeated the same words from before. "W-where-?" is it? She knew it was still here. She could feel it. He followed the distracted sweep of her eyes through the empty room. "Outside," Ren told her quietly, "I sent them out so that you and I could talk." " You -" spoke to them? He told them what to do, he brought them here? Her voice caught when she said unsteadily, "Friends of yours?" Ren blinked at her. "Not exactly," he replied, "I am here to offer you a choice." A choice. She realized what was going on here - admittedly, a little late in figuring it out - and her bottom lip curled in disgust. He was still trying to convince her to join him. And those things were here as a... a persuasion technique? " No. " "Rey-" " Flipendo! " Blue light burst out of her wand, and the knock-back jinx hit him in the chest and sent him flying across the room. Rey struggled to get to her feet, using the wall as leverage and cursing the fact that her knees nearly gave out. Her whole body felt numb. She had to get out of here. She had to go now, right now , before it came back. She staggered towards the window and heaved herself up onto the ledge. The sky was black - and it was windy, stormy, the air so cold her breath fogged up her vision - but she didn't see that thing. She didn't see those slimy, decayed hands or that tattered black hood. She didn't hear its breathing. "Stop!" He shouted after her, and Rey turned to see him pulling himself up from his slump against the wall. "Am I not a better choice than them?" He didn't have his wand. He must have dropped it. She said nothing. She turned away from him and teetered on the edge of the window. "Rey," she hesitated, torn by the sound of his voice when he said her name. "They will kill you." I'll take my chances, she thought grimly. Rey jumped out of the window and onto her broom, hurtling towards the bottom of the tower. She planned to scoop up her rucksack and fly towards the forest, and with her gaze so focused on the bag she couldn't see them - or hear them - moving through the air, swooping down after her. Rey was still several feet from the ground when she lost her balance. It was the screaming. And the crying . Where is he? Where is Professor Skywalker? She couldn't concentrate, it was everywhere, and she let go of the broom. She tumbled through the air. Wood splintered on the stone but she didn't. Something slowed her fall - it would've broken her bones, or at least knocked her out, otherwise - and she landed on her back disoriented but not unconscious. Rey found it hard to sit up and she felt herself shrink into the earth, fingers scraping against the stone in an effort to dig herself a hole, to hide... to hide from that . It hovered over her and she couldn't see anymore. Rey remembered being left behind, being told that they would never come back for her, that they were probably dead and if they weren't, what in Merlin's name would they want with a worthless squib like her? She remembered being paralyzed in the woods, she remembered him binding her with that bloody spell and digging around inside her brain like it belonged to him. She remembered Han. She remembered watching him die. And she remembered Finn screaming. She remembered how he wouldn't wake up afterwards and she thought, he's dead. He's leaving me too. Everyone left her. No one wanted to stay. No one wanted her. No one loved her. Could ever love her. She was nothing. The dementor leaned over her, folding its massive skeletal frame nearly in half, and she saw its glistening, gray hands reach for her. She still couldn't see its mouth but she could hear it when it breathed deep and- "SHE. IS. MINE!" A curse split across the air and struck the creature in the side, interrupting its feeding. Its eyeless face searched for the source and it disappeared from her line of sight. It rose and floated away- no, not away, towards him . Rey could barely move and her entire body hurt but she knew, she knew if she stayed there on the ground it was going to come back. Her head throbbed and her mouth tasted like blood, and she felt sick, so sick that she rolled onto her hands and knees and nearly gagged. She thought she was going to throw up. "Get up!" Rey had no idea where he came from but all of a sudden, Kylo Ren had an ironclad grip on her forearm and he yanked her to her feet unceremoniously. He was wearing his mask again. It distorted his voice. "Let go of me!" She stumbled into him in an effort to get away from him. "Rey!" He put his arms around her and she squirmed until he gritted out, "You must stop them." " Stop them? " The dementors? She parroted the words back to him stupidly because she could barely think straight. "How?" "Use your Patronus." "My what? " Ren cursed a string of expletives that made her ears burn - and she grew up in a junkyard. "Has he taught you nothing? " "What are you talking about?!" " Expecto patronum . Say it." " Expecto patronum ." Why was she saying this? What was she saying? She'd never even heard of a 'patronus', and she wasn't sure he didn't just make that up. He told her to say it again, and he stepped behind her. He took her wand arm, she flinched, and he hissed at her to stop fighting him for once in her life so that he could show her the movement. He held her hand and guided it into a circular flick. He showed her once, she did it a second time, and then she tried to elbow him in the chest to get him off of her. He backed away. She would've asked him why she was doing this - why this instead of running, but the answer revealed itself. Whatever Ren had done to the dementors, it hadn't sent them away, it didn't repel them, it made them... well, she didn't know if they had 'feelings', but if they did they'd probably be angry. She could see them in the air, two of them, closing in on her. On him. On them . "Ren..." "Say it. Say the spell. It will only work if you concentrate." "On the spell? " Expecto patronum. Expecto patronum. Expecto patronum. "On a memory. Think about something... happy, something good, the best memory you have." If he knew so much about it- "Why aren't you doing it?" He stepped out from behind her, stood next to her, so close her shoulder nearly brushed his cloak. She glared up at him but he wouldn't look at her. "I can't." His voice was tight and she didn't know if it was because he had to admit that, or because of the dementors. "You can't?!" He didn't answer her. If he couldn't do it, what in Merlin's name made him think that she could do it? And how was she supposed to trust that he even knew how to do it if he couldn't actually do it? What if this wasn't a real spell at all? "I will give you as much time as I can." "What?" He stepped in front of her - a gesture that would've annoyed her if she didn't have bigger problems - and he strode forward. Towards the dementors. "Ren!" What was he doing ? Rey saw his wand slash through the air and a green burst of light struck one of the creatures. He flung spell after spell at them but the curses didn't do anything. The more vicious the intent, the less it seemed to affect them. It was as if they just absorbed the magic, the energy, the hatred, the bad things, and it barely slowed them down at all. One turned its hooded, gaping maw towards her and Rey raised her wand. The creature glided towards her. It was the same one from before. The one that stood over her and nearly- " Expecto patronum!" She flicked her wand, and said the words, she mimicked him exactly. Nothing happened. She repeated the incantation unsteadily. What did he say? A memory. A good memory. What good memory? She didn't have any good memories. No, that wasn't true. That wasn't true. She had good memories. Rey backed away from the dementor, stumbling over her own feet, and struggling to concentrate . Like he said. She remembered the first time she flew, what it felt like and how much she'd loved it. She remembered meeting Poe's owl, BB, for the first time. She remembered Finn. The day she met him, and after she'd escaped from Kylo Ren when she ran into him again. And he said they'd come to rescue her. It was his idea. " Expecto patronum. Expecto patronum. " Not enough, not yet. She remembered seeing Finn for the first time after she'd found Luke. She brought the former Auror back to London and while he met with his sister, she went to St. Mungo's. She remembered stepping into Finn's hospital room and seeing him poke at some questionable hospital-grade shepherd's pie with a plastic fork. He looked up at her, and he said her name. No one had ever looked at her like that. He was so happy to see her that he shoved his tray of food off the bed - and nearly stepped in the shepherd's pie splattered on the floor - and got up, crossed the room in three strides and scooped her up into the biggest hug she'd ever had. He thanked her for saving his life. He kissed her forehead the way she'd kissed his before she left. They talked for hours - until the mediwitch sent her home because he needed to rest. A few weeks later, the two of them went flat-hunting together and they'd been inseparable ever since. Until now. But Rey didn't think about that. She thought about the hug. She thought about how it made her feel . " Expecto patronum." Something white and wispy slipped out of her wand like syrup, and the dementor halted. Encouraged, Rey closed her eyes, she breathed, she reached for the warmth of that memory and wrapped it around herself. In her occlumency lessons Luke had taught her how to clear her mind, and she pulled on those lessons, months of practice, and concentrated it on her memory of Finn. She tried again. " Expecto patronum!" And this time, light poured from the tip of her wand to form a misty dome that burst into the air and drove the creature off. Not very far. A few feet. But a few feet was better than nothing, and Rey squinted through the blinding white shield for him. For Ren. She didn't see him, not at first. But she saw the dementor. "Ren!" Rey shouted his name and the creature jerked its head up. Kylo Ren was on the ground like she had been, a pile of black robes, unconscious, and without thinking she ran towards him and drove the dementor away from his body in a surge of white light. "Ren?" She reached the wizard and dropped down to her knees next to him, fumbling to remove the mask. Beneath it she saw that his eyes were closed, his mouth slackened, and she pressed two fingers to his neck. His skin was clammy but she felt a pulse. She saw his nostrils flare, just slightly, just enough. He was still alive. "Ren, wake up." He didn't move. She shook him as hard as she could. "Ren! We have to go!" But he wasn't going anywhere. And her shield, it was starting to shrink. She didn't need to peer through it to know that they were hovering on the other side, just waiting. The dementors were going to kill them. Well, they were going to try . Rey closed her eyes again and she forced herself to focus, on the shape of Finn's jaw and the broadness of his smile, the warmth in his eyes, on how he was the first real friend she'd ever had. And she was going to see him again. Rey picked up Ren's wand, she saw it on the ground and pocketed it. He didn't need it right now and she wasn't leaving it behind. She realized, not for the first time, he was a large man, so much bigger than her. "I can't believe you're making me do this," she groused under her breath, and she grabbed him around the wrist and pulled . She was afraid to try to use his wand, to levitate him, especially after what she'd seen happen when he used hers . And besides, she didn't want to break her concentration on the charm. If she did, neither of them would have a chance. But dragging him was like dragging... well, a two hundred pound sack of potatoes. In boots, and gloves, and a heavy black cloak. Each inch that she gained made her muscles burn, her shoulders ache, and having to do it one-handedly was not doing her any favors. But she finally, finally tugged him away from the creatures, towards the gate which she could barely see in the dark, in the fog. Rey pulled herself over the threshold and him as well, every inch of his six foot three frame. Her patronus charm collapsed in her exhaustion and she hit her knees. The dementors had stalked her every painful step of the way but before they could descend, she grabbed Ren by both arms and shot them a glare, lips twisted in a hollow sort of triumph. Then she Disapparated and the two reappeared in the only place she could think of: the ferry port in Rostock where she'd spoken to the old man. Rey arrived without splinching herself - or him - and she slumped forward in relief, blacking out as the world went sideways. Notes: Anakin, Luke, and Rey's wand... this was a lot of fun to create, and I settled on cedar because (to paraphrase dear Mr. Ollivander) characteristics of that wood include strength of character, unusual loyalty, and the potential to be a frightening adversary should anyone cross them or - more importantly - do harm to those they love. For me, that constellation of traits very much characterizes Anakin, Luke, and Rey. ;D Hope you think so, too! Chapter 4 : Where There's Snoke Summary: Snoke delivers an ultimatum to Kylo Ren and Rey improvises her next escape attempt. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey woke herself up. She had curled herself into a ball on her side, and her left leg cramped. Pain shot down her thigh, over her kneecap, to her calf and foot. She shifted and something in her shoulders popped, her neck tender from being tucked in towards her chest, and her hands burned. She had tiny cuts all over her palms, and had scraped up her knuckles but she didn't remember how. Her entire body hurt. Her muscles were tight, her throat was sore, and her head throbbed. She blinked slowly and rubbed a finger under her eyes to wipe away the wetness. Her face was sticky with tears. She'd been crying in her sleep but she didn't know why. The first thing she noticed were the curtains. She and Finn didn't have any curtains. These were a deep burgundy red - a color she never would've chosen, because it was too heavy, too dark, and it blocked out the sun entirely - contrasted against black walls. There was some sort of ornate pattern in the paper but when she squinted at it her vision blurred. The furniture was black, too, lacquered and smooth and more expensive than her monthly rent. Rey realized she was in a bed, a very big bed with very thick blankets and too many pillows for one person. She didn't sleep on any pillows at home. Rey rolled onto her back, dug her dirty fingernails into black sheets, and pushed herself up carefully. Her elbows and forearms quivered under the weight, and her vision swum as she sat up. Being upright made her feel nauseous, but now she could see the rest of the room. There were no paintings on the walls. The floors were hardwood, the ceilings were very high, and she turned her head towards the sound of crackling wood inside a large ebony fireplace. Her gaze drifted from the fireplace - it was the brightest thing in the room, and it hurt her eyes - and then she noticed him, sitting in a black chair against a black wall, blending in save for the silver piping in his mask. She thought she'd left that behind but he must have gone back to retrieve it. He was staring at her in almost the exact same way he did when the First Order shackled her to a chair to interrogate her about a lost prophecy record. "Where am I?" she asked, her voice too hoarse and reedy to be demanding. "You are safe." Rey glared at him in response, and her eyes widened a fraction when he stood in a single movement. He crossed the room to her and she scooted away from him as best she could, her legs tangled up in the sheets of the bed. She teetered on the very edge of mattress, one foot slung over the edge, and her wary gaze flickered from his mask to the bedside table where he stood. She noticed - for the first time - a crystal pitcher of water with two glasses, and next to it a plate of chocolate. He picked up the plate which, admittedly, looked very good even if her stomach was grumbling for something more substantial, and he held it out to her over the bed. It seemed like something a house elf would do, but this made her even more uncomfortable because it was him . She didn't like anyone waiting on her and it was especially perverse that Kylo Ren would play the role. What was he trying to do? What was in that chocolate? "I'm not hungry." Liar. "You need to eat." "No." And what was it with wizards and chocolate anyway? Every time she turned around, someone was trying to feed it to her. Just yesterday - was it yesterday? - the first thing Finn did was go for the chocolate, and he broke off pieces for her while she told him about her vision. Her vision that wasn't a vision at all. "As you wish." The tone of his voice was obscured by the mask but he slammed the plate down harder than was necessary - and she knew it was because her refusal annoyed him. The sound rang in her ears for several seconds and she swallowed queasily. There were things she should be worrying about but she couldn't focus on anything but her own body. She couldn't even be properly afraid of Kylo Ren... but maybe that was because she was tapped out on fear . She felt like she'd been going on nothing but fear for the last twenty-four-eight-however many hours it had been, ever since she woke up shouting Luke's name and imagining all of the terrible things Kylo Ren could have been doing to him. "Did you conjure a patronus?" he asked her suddenly. Rey frowned at him. "You were there." He did not say anything for a long moment, and then reminded her crisply, "I was... indisposed," 'knocked out' is what she would have called it but she didn't bother to correct him, "Answer me." "Yes," she replied, I think so. Uncertainty seeped into her voice despite her best efforts to mask it. She didn't know what a patronus was supposed to be, or look like, because he hadn't told her what to expect. But what she ended up with was a wavering, white something. A shield. It took shape in her mind as she recalled the spell. "What you produced was an incorporeal patronus," he informed her as if in answer to a question she didn't ask. She wondered if he was in her head right now, and she immediately tried to clear her thoughts. Her mind was raw and it was open, and that made her vulnerable. Luke had taught her better. Ren, for his part, continued as if he didn't sense what she was attempting at all, "I did not think you could do it." She guessed, "You were trying to kill me," indirectly, which didn't seem to be in character for someone like him - but why else would he give her a spell that he didn't think would work? "No." She didn't believe him. "But it is very advanced magic." "Is that why you couldn't do it?" Rey didn't know why she said that. Ren stiffened. "No." The gloved fingers of his right hand curled towards his hip - but instead of drawing his wand, he turned away from her abruptly and strode- no, he stomped towards the bedroom door which flung open of its own accord. She didn't know what was happening but she wasn't about to protest him leaving. "Eat," he commanded over his shoulder, and slammed the door shut behind him. Rey wanted nothing more than to sleep. But instead she swung both legs off the bed, ignoring the twinge in her arms as she scooted off the mattress and eased herself onto the floor. She realized she was still wearing her boots which was... good. She didn't want to pull back the sheets to see the amount of dirt she tracked into the bed, but it reassured her to know that he hadn't touched her. He hadn't taken anything off of her except her wand, that kriffing snake. Rey ran her hands over her stained tunic and trousers and she realized that not only was his wand missing - the one she'd pocketed - but so was hers. She searched for it everywhere, tore open the drawers of the wardrobe, the dresser, and the vanity, felt under the chairs, the pillows, and the bed, along the mantle of the fireplace and behind the curtains. Rey was startled to find that there was nothing behind the curtains - no windowsill, no window, and she ran her hands over an expanse of wall. Why would anyone have curtains and no windows? She immediately turned away from the curtains, uncomfortable, and resumed her search. She was very thorough - the way she would be if she was stripping something for parts - but the only thing she found was her rucksack. He had put it inside the wardrobe. Wincing as she lowered herself into a crouch, Rey shifted to sit on the floor and pulled the bag into her lap. She pulled it open and the tightness in her chest eased slightly in relief. Her wand wasn't there but her clothes, her socks, and most of her food was intact and clean. She only counted four apples and of the four, all but one were bruised, but she didn't care - she'd eaten worse - and she yanked one out and bit into it hungrily. She was hungry. The crisp red skin crackled under her teeth and she sucked a large chunk into her mouth, chewing slowly. It tasted so good. She dug deeper into the bag and her fingers brushed Finn's box of cauldron cakes. Rey smiled. She had forgotten that she brought them, small chocolate cakes decorated with fudge, stuffed with marshmallow filling, and topped with edible gold flakes. She polished off the box in less than a minute, and dropped her apple core into it afterwards. She felt better already and her body tingled with a warmth she couldn't explain. She didn't know if it was the chocolate itself, or the comfort of eating her favorite wizarding food. She and Finn ate them all the time. It reminded her of home. She got to her feet slowly and slung her dirty bag over her shoulder. The bread was in her hands, and she twisted pieces between her fingers as she gave the room another look. Her gaze lingered on the sweating pitcher of water. She was still thirsty but she'd already decided not to take anything from Kylo Ren. She wasn't going to be here for much longer. She didn't have her broom, and she didn't have her wand. Should she try to get it back? Where would she even start looking? Rey attempted to open the bedroom door but it was squelched shut with magic, sealing her inside and preventing her from using Muggle means to pick the lock. There was no lock. It was just a charm. Rey remembered how interested he had been in her wand - the way he held onto it, what he said about it - and suspected that it was with him. He wouldn't have destroyed it. She could get it back... eventually. As much as she hated the prospect of leaving her wand behind, she had to get away from Kylo Ren. She believed that Finn would've told the Resistance where she'd gone by now which meant that people were looking for her. I can't stay here. Rey exhaled slowly, squeezed the strap of her rucksack, and tried to Disapparate. She blinked a few times in confusion, brow knitting anxiously, when she couldn't. He must've cast an anti-Apparition charm. She was in a room with no wand, no window, no ability to Apparate, no Floo powder - she checked - and a locked door she couldn't open. No wonder he hadn't tied her to a chair. He had thought of everything else. "You have spared the girl." Kylo Ren knelt before the fireplace in his study, as his master's face took shape in the coals and his voice emanated from a crumbling mound of hot ash. "Yes, Supreme Leader." "You protected her from my emissaries." The very same emissaries who nearly killed him because he had stood between them and their prey. He had no doubt the dementors had been commanded not to harm him, but in the throes of such despair the creatures could not resist their basest instincts. Was he frustrated that he could not control them as effortlessly as his master did? Yes. It revealed a weakness in him that he desperately wished to destroy. "It is she who protected me, Supreme Leader." "Do not lie to me, Kylo Ren." His master could not be deceived and Kylo Ren raised his head slowly, dark eyes meeting those of the Supreme Leader through the fire. "She can be turned," he insisted. She listened to him. She was only able to resist the dementors because of what he had told her. She was not so unreachable, so entrenched in her training that she could not adapt to a new master, a new teacher. "She is very strong." And it would have been a waste to serve her up to those creatures. Their kiss would have reduced her to a soulless wraith of a witch. "And this is why you have allowed her to live?" "Yes." "If she is the one of whom the prophecy speaks," Kylo Ren believed that she was, despite having lost the record to the Resistance. She was of age, had a natural aptitude, and had been so well-shielded that her name did not appear in Hogwarts' Book of Admittance - which contained a record of every magical child born in the United Kingdom - the result, he suspected, of a confundus charm cast on the artefact by someone of considerable power. This was the only explanation for how she had managed to remain hidden for so long, "We cannot afford for her to align herself with the Resistance ." It was not only a matter of whether or not she could be turned, not to his master. "Bring her to me." "Yes, Supreme Leader." "If she can be turned, I will turn her. If she cannot, you will destroy her." "Yes, Supreme Leader." "You have three days." Ren nodded. " Do not disappoint me again." "Yes, Supreme Leader." He spoke the words to an empty fireplace as his master's face disappeared and the connection between them was severed. Ren stood slowly, broken glass and firewhiskey seeping into his cloak and his knees. He had destroyed his study in a fit of rage, shattering his desk against the wall, tearing his books apart, overturning the liquor cabinet and smashing his only decanter into the floor. His master had summoned him to the fireplace just as he'd flung the splintered leg of his leather-backed chair at the house elf whose only mistake had been to step into his periphery. "Master?" The creature re-appeared on the threshold of his study, its high-pitched and tentative voice enraging him anew. "I told you to get out of my sight!" "And Mitaka obeys, sir," the house elf bowed low, its shoulders hunched beneath its filthy pillowcase, spindly fingers curled together in a supplicating knot, "But master said to tell him right away if something happened to the girl." Ren pivoted. He lifted his servant off the ground wandlessly and slammed it against the wall. It did not dare attempt to escape from him. It did not even squirm. Its oversized, fleshy ears hung low around its bald head, its body limp, and its eyes were wide and watery, fixed on the wizard as he crossed the room. Kylo Ren closed one gloved hand around its throat and demanded, "What about the girl?" "She set her room on fire, sir." "WHAT?" Notes: Sorry for the unintended cliffhanger, friends. Thank you so, so very much for your comments, kudos, and general support. I am so grateful to be part of such a great community and hope that you continue to enjoy the story. Your feedback is much appreciated! :D :D Chapter 5 : Semantics Summary: Rey's intended escape doesn't quite go as planned. Kylo Ren informs her she is his 'guest'. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey had a plan. It wasn't a very good plan, but it was the only way out that she could see. There was a vertical grate on the fireplace that she couldn't pull free without burning her fingertips, but she could fish fabric in between the slats of iron. She stripped the sheets from the bed, and tugged the pillows out of their embroidered cases, feeding them into the fire until the silk burst into flame. Then she dragged the linens in front of the door and smoke began to fill the room. While she waited for the wood to catch fire, Rey ripped up one of her tunics, tearing apart the shirt along the hemlines. She dunked it into the water and wrapped the wet strips of cloth around her hands, face, and neck. She tried the ignore the dizzying, strangling smell of burnt silk. Flames licked their way up the doorframe and the wood began to crack and groan. Rey took a short breath that devolved into a fit of coughing and she knew she had to do it now while she could still see straight. She picked up the pitcher and poured its contents all over herself. Freezing cold water drenched her sweaty hair, ran down her back and front, dousing her clothes which - she hoped - would protect her from being burned. She pulled one of the drawers out of the dresser and gripped it like a shield - or maybe a battering ram - scraping her nails against the polish of the wood. She had no idea if this was going to work, but it was better than sitting here and waiting for Kylo Ren to come back. So Rey backed into the foot of the bed to give herself some space, and then she rushed forward and smashed the drawer into the door, trampling the now smoldering sheets and trying not to catch her boots on fire. She staggered backwards with another uncontrollable bout of coughing and a tingling that radiated up her arms: the door splintered where she struck it, and the fire was doing the rest, eating through the wood and weakening the hinges. If she hit it one more time, she'd be able to break it down. But that was a big if . The exertion of the first attempt disoriented Rey. Coughing as hard as she did only made her suck in more air, more smoke , and her eyes began to water behind her mask, the one she'd cut for herself from her clothes. Her fingers slipped and she lost her grip on the drawer, dropping it with a muffled thump . She sank down to her knees suddenly, light-headed and dizzy, getting as close to the ground as possible because the smoke wasn't so thick near the floor. Get up. You need to get up. Rey blinked past the tears, and she balled her hands into fists. She was not going to stay here. She was going home . Rey pushed herself to her feet and she threw herself against the door with her left shoulder taking most of the damage. The force of her weight combined with how the fire had ravaged the old wood sent Rey stumbling over the threshold and into him. Kylo Ren destroyed the door with the slash of his wand and she collided into him blindly, stumbling to the side when he did not move. She thought she'd run into a wall. Her lungs were burning, vision blurry, and Rey tore the sleeve of her tunic from her face to suck in mouthfuls of air, one after another, until she no longer tasted smoke on her tongue. Her throat felt scratchy and raw but most of the pain was in her shoulder. When the wood split, it had torn through her clothes and into her skin, leaving a few cuts and one very nasty gash to bleed down her arm. Blood seeped into her dirty tunic and dribbled into the crook of her elbow but she barely noticed it once she realized where she was. Rey stood in the cool, torchlight hallway of this... place, she wasn't sure what it was but it didn't feel like a home. Too dark and austere, no portraits, no personal effects of any kind. It smelled faintly of smoke which wafted out of the room behind her but that wasn't what made her choke. It was him . Kylo Ren stood next to her, far too close for her not to have known sooner, and a crushing sensation settled in her stomach, tense and knotted with dismay. After everything she'd gone through, she barely managed to escape the room before he caught her. She took an instinctual step back and his gloved hand shot out to wrap around her wrist. Rey resisted, twisting her forearm until it ached. Ren tightened his grip until she could feel the pressure of his fingertips bearing down on the bones at the base of her palm, and he remarked tonelessly, "It seems I still cannot trust you." A scoffing sound bubbled up in her throat. "Trust me?" she repeated, because she couldn't believe that he was accusing her of being 'untrustworthy'. "You brought me here," against her will, and she resented that he made her feel cornered and alone as if the last six months hadn't happened. She wasn't on her own anymore. She wasn't powerless, "after what I did for you." "What you did?" He wanted her to say it and she didn't understand why. She was so angry. "I saved your life!" Rey's strangled shout came out roughly, and the effort made her wince but despite the fact that every word felt like swallowing gravel, she said furiously, "I should've left you there." She had dragged him away from those creatures and Disapparated them both. She could have left him behind. It would have served him right after everything he'd done to her, to Finn, to his own family. Kylo Ren said nothing. She didn't want to answer the question forming in his mind, so she resumed the struggle to free her wrist. "Let go of my arm," she said. His grip loosened fractionally. "Will you run?" he asked her, and Rey sucked the inside of her bottom lip between her teeth in her effort not to retort impulsively. She'd thought about it but without her wand, how far could she expect to get? Not very, and then he would only put her under again. Rey figured it was better to be awake right now. She could get a sense of this place, plan her next move - and maybe even find her wand. "No." She was telling the truth. He released her. Rey was tempted to rub her wrist but she didn't, instead very consciously lowering both arms to her sides. Her shoulder throbbed painfully, pulsing pain down the left side of her body which she gritted her teeth to ignore. She stood mere inches away from him - something that made her skin crawl in her nightmares, where he looked exactly like this, a creature in a mask with a wand, flinging curses at her in the dark - but she was not in restraints, or trapped in the red-curtained room, and she wasn't unconscious. Things could have been worse. "Tell me why." He wasn't talking about her trying to run. At least, not from him. Because it was the right thing to do . Finn's voice came to mind, and she could have said those words. They were true. Rey hated Kylo Ren. She thought he belonged in prison, that he should be locked away and never released. He should pay for what he did, for hurting Poe and cursing Finn, for killing Han Solo and Merlin knows how many other people. He had done horrible things. Unforgivable things. "Take off your mask," Rey blurted out instead. She realized that's what she needed. She needed to see his face, the way she did when she crouched over his body on the ground, because she wasn't sure why she'd helped him. If she hadn't, she'd be back with the Resistance by now. If her demand surprised him, she couldn't tell. Ren raised one gloved hand to his face and removed the mask, and she remembered how heavy it felt in her hands when she pulled it off of him to see if he was still alive. Dark hair fell across his forehead and she met his eyes briefly. It had stunned her to see him for the first time. He looked like no one she had ever met, and nothing like she imagined. Her nightmares were slow to catch up with what she knew of him. Maybe that was why she never dreamed of him like this. It was always the creature in the mask. The scar she gave him broke up pale skin and reminded her of what he was... and what he wasn't. Even at his worst, Kylo Ren had never made her feel the way the dementors did. She thought she knew what evil was - that she had seen it in him, in what he did - but she was wrong. Those things were evil. Tell me. Rey swallowed dryly, and immediately regretted it. It felt like someone had rubbed sandpaper against her throat. She forced herself to look at him but it was very hard. His gaze pinned her in place and she felt the pressure of him against her mind. "Not even you deserved that," she murmured, unable to raise her voice, to make the words any clearer. No one deserved to die at the hands - and mouths - of dementors. She hated the way he stared at her. She lowered her gaze, not out of submission but out of self-preservation. She studied the curve of his ear buried in thick, dark hair and wondered where the Resistance was. Her belief in them - in Finn - was steadfast. She knew they were coming for her. "I brought you here to protect you." The words tore her attention away from her friends - wherever they were - and her gaze refocused on his. Sometimes she couldn't decide if he was sadistic, or completely deluded - and now she thought he was both, which made him twice as dangerous. She looked in his face and it seemed... oh, she realized incredulously, he believes that. It made her angry and Rey protested vehemently, "You locked me in a room," again . "Which you set on fire." "Because you took my wand!" If she could have found any other way out, trust her, she would have taken it. He didn't give her a choice. Did he think she would spend one more second in his company than she had to? He may not have been a monster - not in the same way as those dementors were - but he had hurt everyone she cared about. He tormented her. He sent her visions of Luke being tortured . "You do not need it," he dismissed her croaky outburst easily, "You are my guest." "I didn't ask to be your guest ." The last time he took her somewhere, that was what he called her before he tried to tear the prophecy out of her mind. She resisted him and it was painful and invasive and terrifying . Rey didn't know why she was able to hear it in the first place, that ghostly voice rising up out of a small cloudy glass ball clutched between BB's talons. What she remembered of the prediction didn't even make sense. It wasn't meant for her. Rey tried not to dwell on it and ever since she had become Luke's student, she thought about it less and less. "Would you rather be my prisoner?" "It's the same thing ," she spat at him. She knew how he treated his 'guests'. "I assure you," he countered quietly, although his baritone somehow carried across the hall. She didn't miss a word. "It is not." Rey glared at him. She had nothing else to say and the two of them stood in an uncomfortable - at least for her - silence until her shoulder got the better of her. She shifted subtly to cradle the elbow of her wounded arm, hoping that would ease the pain a little. She had stopped bleeding. Ren noticed. He snapped at the house elf shuffling around in the room she'd destroyed to clean her up . Rey protested - maybe she didn't want to be 'cleaned up', and she was standing right here and could take care of herself - but Ren ignored her. He said he did not trust her not to drown herself in another ill-conceived escape attempt, so the house elf was to be her chaperone (read: guard). He walked away and left her standing next to the cowering, quivering Mitaka who only straightened up once his master disappeared from sight. And then he was very pushy, nudging her down the hallway to the bathroom with snide, under-his-breath comments about scavengers and the messes they leave behind. Notes: Dear readers, thank you so much for your comments and kudos!! As always, you are the apples of my eye and you push me to write better. And inspire me. Thank you, thank you, thank you for your support. Chapter 6 : Remembrance Summary: Rey goes to Kylo Ren for answers about dementors. It doesn't end in bloodshed. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The house elf left Rey with a bar of soap, a towel, and the illusion of privacy. She knew he was pacing outside of the door, she could hear the shuffling of his footsteps, guarding her. Ignoring him as best she could, Rey examined the bathroom. She wasn't surprised to find there were no windows, no adjoining doors, no cupboards, and no fireplace. There wasn't even a mirror. Everything was black from the floor, to the sink basin, to the walls, and she shivered briefly. This room was cold and oppressive, but she turned on the faucet and steaming hot water thundered from the pipes. That was something. Rey peeled off her tunic and trousers, stepped into the black claw foot tub, and rinsed her hair, loosening it from its buns. She snapped the rubber bands around her wrist. Then she scrubbed her body clean of dirt and soot, rubbing under her fingernails and arms, behind her knees, between her toes. Some of the cuts started to bleed again under her rough ministrations, but even the stinging of her shoulder and knuckles was more bearable now that she was clean. Rey drained the tepid, cloudy water and then re-filled the tub, hunching her shoulders, arms wrapped around her legs. She listened to the echo of running water fill the room and practiced the breathing technique Luke had taught her during their Occlumency lessons. She took this time to piece together the events of the last day as calmly as possible. She was better off than last time, she decided, despite losing her wand. The corridors were not crawling with members of the First Order, in fact, the only wizard she'd seen was Kylo Ren. She could find a way around the anti-Apparition charms. He had to sleep sometime . Rey stretched out her legs in front of her. She scooted back in the tub and sank into the water up to her shoulders. She and Finn didn't have a tub, only a standing shower, and she never had a tub growing up. Baths took up a lot of space... and time, and cost money. It felt like a luxury and Rey was in no hurry to leave if this was the only place she'd get to be alone. She took a deep breath through her nose and ducked her head under the water. The sound of the faucet rumbled in her ears, muffled, tinny, and distorted beneath the surface. She could hear her own heartbeat. And then she remembered those sounds. She was cowering in the prison tower, and she saw the dementor, and it felt like being pulled underwater when she ended up in the mud, surrounded by screams. And she knew - even if she didn't see them - that those were kids. Maybe not very young children, but not adults either. Their cries were high and cutting, and the only guttural sound was wet with tears and spit from crying. Someone was hurting them, scaring them. Her mind flashed to the masks in the rain and she gasped, forgetting for a moment where she was. Swallowing a mouthful of bathwater sent her scrambling for the edge of the tub with a loud splash, and Rey gagged over the side, coughing it up all over the floor. She snapped a strangled reassurance to the house elf shouting at her through the door, and she pressed wet hands to her forehead while she tried to catch her breath. She rubbed at her eyes frustratingly. What did the dementor do to her? Rey got out of the tub quickly, toweling herself off and changing into a new tunic and trousers from her bag. She pulled her hair back, slid on her socks and boots, and crossed the bathroom to yank open the door. The house elf nearly stumbled over her feet and he craned his neck up to glare at her. Rey had already figured out that he didn't like her - he wasn't being subtle when he referred to her as 'scavenger scum' within earshot and refused to speak to her directly - but she tried not to take it personally because she felt sorry for anyone who had to call You-Know-Who 'master', no matter how unpleasant he was. "I need to talk to Kylo Ren," Rey said flatly, because she couldn't ask Luke why she was seeing things. She couldn't ignore it either. "Where is he?" Kylo Ren was in his study. The furniture had been restored to its proper place and the floors scrubbed clean, all evidence of his temper wiped away by the house elf. What couldn't be mended had been removed, and he set his mask on the mantle above the fireplace. He rested his hands against the wood and bowed his head. Closing his eyes did not dispel Lord Snoke's words. This was a test. His master suspected he had spared the girl out of sentiment. She was his student. She may not have wanted to admit it, but everything that she had learned - she learned because of him. He taught her to resist legilimency, and to duel, and to defend herself against dementors. She adapted out of a desire to best him. He challenged her and he made her a better witch. This had nothing to do with Luke Skywalker. It was not sentiment. It was not sentiment. It was not sentiment. The mantle splintered and Kylo Ren shoved himself away from it, swiping his mask off the wood before it crumbled to the floor. His fingers curled under the metal and fabric, gripping it until his knuckles whitened and his hand trembled. "Master?" He rounded on the quivering voice of the house elf, face twisting with rage - and his gaze met hers. She stood behind Mitaka at the threshold of the room, and her eyes widened. She recoiled from what she saw, stumbling back into the hallway by a half-step . Ren was surprised - then aggravated - and he fixed the house elf with a withering glare. I will deal with you later. He jerked his head to the side violently and the creature disappeared. This left him alone with her. The tension eased out of his fingers, his shoulders, and his jaw. Ren strangled his fury into submission, shoving it out of sight so that when he stepped into the doorway his expression was impassive. "Come in." Rey balked in the corridor. Kylo Ren grew impatient with waiting and disappeared back into his study - he had a study , which disconcerted her slightly because she'd never given much thought to where he lived, or how, or what he did when he wasn't destroying peoples' lives - and a few minutes later she reluctantly entered the room. He invited her to sit down but she eyed the splintered mess on the floor in front of the fireplace and shook her head. She decided to stand instead, and crossed her arms gently - careful not to brush against her wounded shoulder. If she had her wand, she probably could've mended this by now - but she didn't, and she'd rather heal like a Muggle than ask him for a potion. "Tell me about dementors." Kylo Ren turned to her. Something flickered across his face that she couldn't define, but soon it was gone and he replied evenly, "Dementors are amortal. They cannot breed or be killed." Cannot be killed... "But the Patronus-" "The Patronus Charm will ward off a dementor," but not destroy it. Ren reminded her that she should know this and Rey frowned at him. She'd just assumed that her patronus was too weak to cause any permanent damage to those things. Knowing now that it wouldn't have mattered how powerful she was... she didn't know whether to be reassured or depressed. She had never encountered anything so foul in her entire life. And that was including the First Order. "Why?" she asked suddenly, stepping away from the wall when Ren raised a brow at her, "Why is that the only spell that works?" "Dementors..." he paused, as if searching for the appropriate word, "...feed on human happiness, and given the opportunity will drain their victims of every good memory, every positive feeling, until there is nothing left but-" "Evil?" "Despair," he corrected her. The victim was left with only the worst parts of himself, his sorrow, guilt, grief, loneliness, self-doubt, self-loathing, "A patronus is... a manifestation of happiness," he glanced to her as if he needed the confirmation of what it was, what it felt like, having never conjured one himself. Rey nodded - to herself more than him - and Ren continued uneasily, "It is... pure. It cannot comprehend despair so dementors cannot influence it." And this made it an effective defense. Rey wondered what he meant by 'comprehend'. He made the patronus sound sentient, but she knew that wasn't what she created. He called her shield... in corporeal . "What does a corporeal patronus look like?" Ren blinked at her. His lips pursed and he said flatly, "I don't know." He's lying , she thought, but she didn't know why and she didn't press because this wasn't about the patronus. This was about the screaming . "What..." she began, then hesitated, unsure of how to continue. Ren waited expectantly, silently, until she fumbled through the question, "What happens when a dementor... feeds on you? What does it do?" What does it leave behind? "It is not something you forget." "I know that," Rey muttered under her breath. Bad memories, most of them involving him and what he'd done to people she cared about, and feelings... words... things that she heard growing up, that she'd started to believe until she met Finn. She tried again, "But can a dementor give you a memory? Make you see something that isn't... real?" Ren was capable of it - he sent her a vision of Luke, which was not the same thing as a memory but it felt just as real - so why not a dementor? It showed her things that she'd never seen before. It made her feel like she was there, made her heart hurt as if those were people she knew. Ren looked at her as if she'd finally done something interesting. "No." "Oh." Her reaction was one of palpable discomfort. "What did you see?" Rey realized he had moved. Kylo Ren was no longer behind the desk but she shook her head to deter him from stepping any closer. She couldn't tell him . He would only use it against her and she didn't want to give him an inch. He'd already taken so much from her mind. "It's nothing." "I can't help you if you won't-" "You don't want to help me." The only reason she even asked him was because there was no one else, no Luke or Maz or even Finn to talk to, and she didn't know why he was so compliant but it wasn't out of the goodness of his heart. She didn't care because she was getting information that she needed, but if he thought that meant she trusted him then he didn't have a very high opinion of her. "I am the only one who can," he reminded her with an unprecedented display of patience, demonstrated by the fact that he did not rise to the bait when she scoffed in his face, "If you had been taught to recognize a modified memory, you would not be here with me." She could hardly blame him for her own ignorance. She said nothing but he could tell she was considering it. "Show me." Let me into your mind. No. "Why couldn't you stop the dementors?" she demanded instead, scowling up at him, "You brought them to Nurmengard," to intimidate her, to force her to make a 'choice' that wasn't a choice at all, "You controlled them." He had told those things to wait outside of the tower and they obeyed him. But Rey doubted that it was part of his plan to be fed on, or to admit to her that he didn't know how to summon a patronus. Ren's expression turned wry. "I... underestimated your appeal." "What?" "Dementors have no true loyalty," not even to a Dark wizard of considerable power such as himself, "They are only motivated by their appetite," a fact his master exploited in his recruitment of whole colonies to oversee the interrogation of political opponents and Resistance scum, "They are drawn to you. They will always be drawn to you." He should have anticipated this, truth be told. "Me," she repeated to herself. Why her? There were happier people in the world than her. Ren watched her work through his words, brow furrowed and eyes flitting around the room to avoid settling on his. She twisted her fingers into the hem of her tunic, tugging at the clean white fabric anxiously. What she failed to realize, of course, because she lacked a fundamental education on Dark creatures - was that dementors reveled in decay, and hopelessness, and suffering. Naturally they would gravitate to someone like her, whose tenacity and selflessness and... goodness persisted despite her loneliness, her grief, and her pain. To strip her of what little happiness she'd managed to accumulate in her short but miserable life as a scavenger would be irresistible to his master's emissaries. "Tell me what you saw." "I didn't see anything," she insisted, "It was... blurry, raining," and there were people in masks whose faces were distorted and hard to discern in the downpour, "But I could hear them," and she could feel the mud under her nails and inside her boots. "What could you hear?" "Screaming," she managed with difficulty, licking her lips briefly and wishing it would go away. The echo was still in her mind. "Crying for... someone, for Professor Skywalker, for Luke I... I guess, it's confusing." "Who was screaming?" Rey shook her head. "I don't know. People, maybe... kids," she didn't know why she was so stuck on the fact that they were kids. She didn't see them. She didn't see anyone. And she didn't want to talk about this anymore. "It doesn't matter," she concluded firmly, "It's not real," or if it was, that memory belonged to someone else because she would have remembered if she witnessed a bloody massacre . "Rey." Ren reached for her. She saw the outline of his glove, the sleeve of his cloak, and she slapped his fingers away before they could touch her skin. "Don't." Don't touch me, don't say my name, don't look at me like that. "It's not real." She didn't care what he said he knew about dementors - why should she trust him in the first place? He was a liar. "I would remember. " She wasn't as gullible as he thought she was. "Not if you were very young." His voice was low, coaxing, and his hands hovered above her shoulders without touching her, gliding down over her forearms and her elbows, which she clutched tightly to herself. "Dementors will cause you to relive your worst memories, no matter how deeply you've buried them. It is in their nature." " I wasn't there ." She was not in denial. She had never been to that place, she didn't know any of those people, and she was growing angry. "You don't forget watching people die, Ren ," Rey lashed out at him, because he didn't tell her what she wanted to hear. "Do you know how many times I've seen Han die? In my dreams?" Over and over and over. It was something that would stay with her forever. The moment she mentioned his father's name, he withdrew from her and a stiffness worked its way from his shoulders down his spine to his arms. She noticed. No. "Is that what the dementor showed you?" No. "Did it show you how you killed your father? " NO. "This is not about me," he said softly, nearly inaudibly because he knew if he raised his voice he would scream. And perhaps even hurt her, which was not what he wanted to do. His fingers curled into fists at his sides, knuckles brushing the handle of his wand. He knew he could frighten her. He knew he could make her quiet. But if he threatened her now, if he compelled her in this small thing, she would never come willingly. He unclenched his jaw and allowed the name to work its way between his teeth, "Han Solo's death means nothing to me." "I don't believe you." "You didn't know him." The smuggler had made a strong first impression on her but he had always been quite good at that. She had not known him long enough to be let down. She should be grateful he spared her the disappointment. "You can't kill your father and feel nothing ." He did not feel 'nothing' but he had no interest in belaboring the point. He didn't want to talk about Han Solo. "How would you know? You've never had a father," his observation was casual but she flinched in response, "The men in my family are poor substitutes for what you are looking for." "Including you?" she shot back defiantly. She was more than happy to call him a 'poor substitute' for... a decent human being. "I never said I wanted to be your father." He sounded smug. Rey glowered at him and, for the first time since she walked into the study, she took him in from head to foot. He stood nearly toe-to-toe to her now which required her to tilt her head back in order to meet his gaze. And she did. It disoriented Rey to realize she'd been standing here having a... conversation with him . She was in his study with its fireplace and its antique desk and its carved-into-the-wall shelves - there were more books in this room than she'd ever read in her life - and she didn't feel threatened. But she should feel threatened. He had killed so many people, and terrorized even more... including her and Finn. He was doing something to her. He was trying to manipulate her, taking advantage of... of everything that had happened. All of this was his fault. She was only here because of him. "Rey." Didn't she tell him not to say her name? Or did she only think it? "I hate you." Her voice was tight. He stilled, but he did not sound surprised when he finally replied, "I know." The silence settled. "I need air," Rey said simply, and she retreated several steps. He moved and she glared at him. "Don't follow me." If she was really his 'guest', she should be able to go for a walk without seeing his face. Notes: Thank you to everyone who has commented/left kudos/bookmarked/subscribed/etc! I really appreciate your feedback and am sorry there wasn't much in the way of action here. That will change in the near future. ;D Also! Come hang out with me on tumblr: coyoterey.tumblr.com Chapter 7 : Portrait of a Lady Summary: Ren attempts to persuade Rey to accept Snoke's offer. Rey discovers Padmé Amidala's portrait and gets her wand back. Notes: Thank you for the feedback, everyone! I realize that this fic is taking slow burn pretty... slowly but I swear (I mean, I hope) the pay-off will be worth it in the end. I appreciate you sticking with me. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo Ren let out an aggravated breath when she turned her back on him. "You know I can make you stay," he said impulsively, his voice steady and low. The words wrapped around her like strings and she balked in the doorway of the study, fingers gripping the frame. Look at me. She did, and of her own volition which gave him more satisfaction than a spell would have. He did not understand her - despite having been in her mind, sifted through her thoughts, although this proved more challenging in recent months as she developed defenses to keep him out - and so he found it gratifying each time he predicted her behavior correctly. Sometimes he did not. He supposed part of the challenge lay in what occupied her thoughts. He understood her anger and her resentment, her desperation, her loneliness, her self-doubt. But he had also seen images of the traitor in her mind, gathered threads of conversation, warm laughter and the twitch of a smile, for which Kylo Ren had no comparison. It made him uncomfortable and he shied away from those moments. She felt very strongly for the traitor... and for Luke Skywalker, and for Han Solo despite having only known him for a short time. She cultivated attachment very quickly. And hatred. This he could understand. He had not saved her life expecting to be forgiven - he did not seek forgiveness and he regretted nothing he had done - but he had anticipated she would be easier to manage. He thought she would be... grateful. She was not. She burned down the guest room he had prepared for her. He did not predict that. The girl faced him now, her small frame spread out in the threshold. Kylo Ren studied her for several seconds, from her defensive stance - a mirror of Skywalker's teachings - to the blood seeping through the cloth bandage on her arm to the tendons in her neck, the clench of her jaw which he followed from her chin to her earlobe, her cheekbone, the arch of her nose, to her eyes furrowed in anger. She felt threatened by what he had said. Rey had never seen someone perform the Imperius Curse - Luke wouldn't, not even as a demonstration to his student - but she knew what it was. It gave the caster utter control over his victim: over what they say, what they do, their minds and their bodies were not their own. She'd been told it was considered the least harmful of the three Unforgivable Curses, but she disagreed. She'd rather be tortured. "If you try," to put me under that spell , "I will kill you." Rey was not as confident as she sounded. Did she believe she could overcome the Imperius Curse? She wasn't sure. But she knew she would fight it. She would never stop fighting it. He was surprised. "You are not bluffing." Ren was aware that she wished to kill him - and that she despised him - but this was the first time she had ever articulated the desire herself. She glared at him. "You misunderstand me," he said carefully. "I don't think so," she retorted bitingly, "The Imperius Curse is magical slavery ." It was unforgivable for a reason and she didn't need to imagine what the First Order could force someone to do under that spell. She heard some of the stories, enough to horrify her. "Yes," he agreed with her unhesitatingly. But he did not share her aversion because it was a spell designed to prey on the weak-willed. Kylo Ren had no sympathy for anyone, least of all those who lacked the mental and magical fortitude to resist such compulsion. He did not pity feeble minds, and he was impatient to correct her, "I said that I could compel you, not that I would ," in her confounding defiance, she did not seem to appreciate the extent of his self-restraint, "As evidenced by the fact that you tried to burn yourself alive." He would never permit her to do something so foolish if she was under his control. But this lack of control - the elusive force which made her resistant to him, which continued to slip through his fingers despite his efforts to find it, extract it, possess it - was part of her appeal to him. He wanted it - her - for himself. "Why did you bring me here?" "You must choose." "Choose what? " She had already made her opinion very clear in the tower, but Ren attributed her refusal to ignorance. "You have come to the attention of Lord Snoke," in large part due to him, but he believed his master would have discovered her sooner or later so he did not feel responsible for this, "In his magnanimity, he extends to you a full pardon for your affiliation with the Resistance," and any crimes she had committed in service to their criminal endeavors, "Provided you forsake it now and swear yourself to the First Order." It was Kylo's own intention to recruit her to the Knights of Ren. Once she completed her training, she would be a very formidable witch. The girl stared at him. Her expression reminded him of a victim who'd been Stunned. Then she recovered after nearly a minute and demanded, " Are you out of your mind? " "No." Nor did he care for the insinuation that he was insane. He was not. "The answer is no ." "Rey-" "I choose the Resistance." "You don't know what the Resistance is, or what they've done-" "I know what you are." Ren was exasperated. She chose 'the Resistance' without understanding what it meant to do such a thing. "It is not the Resistance you will be choosing, it is death." There was no need for her to lay down her life out of loyalty to people - murderers, and thieves, and traitors - she would never see again. There was only one choice. "If you do not submit to the Supreme Leader, he will kill you." And he will use me to do it. "So you did bring me here to die." " No. " It was because of him that she was still alive, "I can protect you-" "You're the one who took me!" "To save your life!" he swore at her vehemently. If he had not agreed to lure her out of England- "Lord Snoke would have sent another knight," one who would've killed her rather than invest the time required to turn her to their cause. "I wish he had." "You would be dead." Rey dropped her hands to her sides, balling her fingers into fists. "That's starting to sound like the better option," she managed in a voice that trembled with loathing - of him, of Lord Snoke, of her own helplessness, "I will never join the First Order." And she would never turn on her friends, on the people who looked out for her, took her in, and gave her the closest thing to a family she could remember. "Rey-" "Leave me alone." This time - when she turned to go - he did not stop her. Luke would be disappointed in her. As an Auror(-in-training), she should know how to deal with Dark wizards who disarmed her. It happened, right? It probably never happened to Luke but she was not… Luke. No, she was the one who ignored perfectly good advice and Apparated into a dementor-infested trap. She couldn't blame Ren for that. She was the one who fell for it. She should have tried to spend more time with him, win his trust, convince him to give her a wand, and then incapacitate him, arrest him, and owl the Resistance for help. The most important thing Luke had taught her was how to manage her emotions, to be objective and disciplined in her studies. She shouldn't let anger and fear cloud her judgment. Rey could feel herself slipping into that place, the dark place, where she started to second-guess herself and wondered if she hadn't just fooled the others into thinking she could do this. Sometimes the anxiety made it hard to breathe, because she remembered what it felt like to be powerless, and to feel worthless, and to live in a place where everyone you know treats you like garbage. And every time she made a mistake... she wondered, what if she wasn't what they thought she was? There were a lot of people who had a lot of faith in her, who believed in her, and she didn't want to let them down. But who was she to be on a first-name basis with Leia Organa? Or to be the apprentice of Luke Skywalker? Stop. Rey pushed those thoughts aside. She wasn't going to do the dementors' work for them. She exhaled a hard breath as she stalked down the corridor, determined not to look over her shoulder despite the prickling feeling at the back of her neck that she was being watched. She paused at the end of the hall before taking a left, hoping that she'd come across a grand staircase leading her to the front of the estate and onto the lawn. Wishful thinking , which was not something she was typically guilty of. She wanted to run. Ren must have known that but he didn't come after her. She shot surreptitious glances behind her but all that she saw was a long stretch of dark, murky wood. She only heard her own footsteps. At the end of the corridor was a large wooden door which matched in color – and size – every other door she'd come across. The only difference was that this door had a lock on the outside, a black iron bolt holding something inside. Rey pressed her hands to the wood and leaned forward, touching her ear to the door. Did he have another 'guest'? Was someone - or something - alive in there? Rey hesitated. The last time she opened a door without knowing what was on the other side, she accidentally released Acromantulas. One nearly killed Finn. Han had somehow smuggled them into England and… it was a long story. But what if it wasn't a creature? If Kylo Ren didn't want it escaping, maybe she should know what it was. Maybe she could use it. Curiosity got the best of her even though she knew – she knew – this wasn't her way out. This was too small and understated to be a front door. But there could be a window on the other side. Rey gripped the edge of the latch and pulled on it, covering the grinding sound of metal against wood with her other hand. She undid the deadbolt, turned the handle carefully, and pushed the door open. Instinctively she threw her hands up as if she expected to fight something but… all she did was cough. A puff of dust swirled in the air and hit her in the face. Rey waved her hand out in front of her face to dispel the musty smell, and her eyes adjusted to the room. Moonlight shone through a window across from her, and it cast an eerie, silvery light over the bedsheets tossed onto pieces of furniture, tables, chairs, a mirror, and a bedframe. She nearly tripped over a blue trunk with a very complicated, ornate lock. There was nothing in this room to hide. Rey didn't know why the door was locked – or to whom this furniture belonged. Rey peeked under one sheet, sending a settling of dust cascading down to the floor, and saw that it was made of cypress, delicately carved and painted white. "Hello?" Rey bit back a startled curse and rammed her elbow into the wood. Who was that? It was a woman's voice, muffled and unfamiliar, and as she rubbed at her arm, Rey called out hesitantly, "Where are you?" She stepped further into the room but she couldn't see anyone. Was she invisible? How long had Kylo Ren trapped her here? This room didn't look like it'd been entered in years. "Here," she replied, "By the window." Rey followed her directions with her hands held out in front of her, blindly reaching for this person she couldn't see. But the only thing she saw by the window was a piece of art, covered by a sheet. Reu tugged on the sheer white fabric and it slid from the portrait frame to the floor with a silky hiss, pooling on the floor between her and… the woman. She was very beautiful. Her dark hair had been pulled into elaborate crescent shaped buns and she wore a silver headpiece on her forehead which complemented the embossing on the corset of her high-collared gown. She looked like a queen, sitting on a throne. "What is your name?" She sounded younger than she looked. "Rey." The woman stood and smoothed out the folds of her elaborate gown. She drew closer to the edge of the portrait and Rey's face flushed. She suddenly felt painfully underdressed. "Who are you?" She smiled. Her voice was warm when she replied, " My name is Padmé." Rey recognized that name but she couldn't remember from where. "Are you a friend of my grandson?" "Your… grandson." She didn't look old enough to have a son, let alone a grandson... "Ben." Ben. Ben Solo? Rey's eyes widened in realization. "You're Padmé Amidala." The mother of Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa, the youngest representative ever appointed to the International Confederation of Wizards. She died a long time ago but she was very famous in Britain. People still knew her name – even people like Rey. "What are you doing here?" "This is our home," she said, although her smile waned as her eyes took in the dusty and disused room where her portrait had been stored. Rey was sure it hadn't been such a dismal place when she was alive. "Ani and I had plans to raise our children here." "Who's Ani?" "Anakin ." Rey blinked. "You mean, Darth Vader?" Her smile disappeared and Rey was sure the color - paint? - would've drained from her face if it could have. "That is not his name," Padmé said sharply, but her words weren't a reprimand so much as a stubborn defense of the affection Rey could hear in her voice. "That's the name I know him by," and so did everyone else who'd ever heard of Darth Vader. There was something about the intimacy in her intonation when she said his name - Ani - that made Rey uncomfortable. It made her indignant. "Don't you know what he did?" "Yes." Padmé's gaze rose from the embroidery of her sleeves to the witch's accusative expression, solemn. " That is why he left me here," the portrait, Rey guessed, since the real Padmé had died, " I could not bear to watch him destroy himself." What about the other people he destroyed? What about them? "I'm not your grandson's friend." Rey couldn't help it. She had to say it. She has to know. "I'm his prisoner. His name is Kylo Ren." She had seen into his mind, had touched on the rawness of his devotion to Darth Vader and his desperation, his ambition, to finish what his grandfather started. "He's a monster." Padmé touched her corset with one hand as if to steady the churning in her stomach - but her shoulders were straight, her head up. She looked poised and strong, even in the face of what Rey had said. "His prisoner," she repeated faintly, as if she didn't believe it, "What does he want with you?" "I don't know," to teach her, maybe, but she didn't want to say that to the portrait. It made him sound less... dangerous, to someone who didn't know Kylo Ren the way she did. She didn't know if Padmé knew what the First Order was. "He threatened Luke. He took my wand." I want it back . Padmé began to pace but she paused at the edge of the painting, expression pensive. "Mitaka, please come in." Rey glanced around confusedly until the house elf shuffled into the room. She nearly jumped out of her skin. She had no idea he was eavesdropping. "What are you doing?" Rey asked. "I am going to help you." "Why?" Padmé looked at her but did not answer. "Mistress." The house elf spoke to the painting, distracting the portrait's subject, and Rey gave him a sideways look. His ugly face was screwed up into an expression of deference, if not admiration, for the woman in the frame. "Ben has taken something from this girl," Padmé indicated Rey with a nod, which made it impossible for the house elf to completely ignore her, "Retrieve her wand and bring it to her. " "Yes, Mistress." "He's going to tell Ren," Rey said suddenly, and the portrait gave her a questioning look. " Ben ," it was the first time she'd ever used that name, "Tell him not to tell... Ben. Please." She knew the house elf was glaring curses in her direction but she steadfastly ignored him. "Yes. Of course," she nodded to Rey, then ordered him, "Come directly to us once you have found the wand. Say nothing of this to Ben." "Yes, Mistress." "Go now." "Yes, Mistress." The house elf accepted the command without protest, much to Rey's surprise. He didn't mutter anything about scavenger scum, or how she dragged filth through his master's house, and he agreed to find her wand. Did he know where it was the whole time? She felt a stab of irritation - at herself, for not having considered the possibility - but honestly, she doubted he would have told her. She wasn't his 'mistress'. She was someone he only tolerated under orders. "I didn't know house elves obeyed paintings," Rey admitted, snapping her mouth shut so she didn't have such a dumbfounded expression on her face. Padmé smiled in response. "Thank you." "I am sorry this happened to you," she said by way of explanation, and she sounded sad, "Our home should not feel like a... prison." Padmé's lips formed the word with some hesitation, and it was clear she found it distasteful. "But I hope you will consider staying." "No." Rey blurted out her refusal a little too strongly - in light of what Padmé had just done for her, but... no . "Do you know where the enchantments end?" Padmé didn't seem to understand the question, so she elaborated, "I can't Apparate from within the house." "No, " she agreed distantly, "It is forbidden. For my protection." The strange thing about magical portraits, Rey had found, was that some were more sentient than others. And it really depended on the topic, whether or not one could be of any use. "Are the grounds jinxed?" Padmé believed that they were but she couldn't tell the witch anything else. Either she didn't know or she couldn't remember, and Rey supposed she shouldn't have been surprised. Kylo Ren wasn't likely to tell his grandmother's portrait what protective spells he put in place (and where). She doubted it was even something the house elf knew. "There is good in him," Padmé said, her voice quiet but firm. "In who?" Rey had fallen silent in her frustration, peering through the window, but she glanced back to the portrait when she spoke. "Ani." It was as if the silence had triggered a recording, an echo of a thought from a specific place and time. She began to talk about him as if he was still alive. As if they both were. "I know you don't trust him but you must understand, everything that he does, he does out of love... for me, for our child, " she dropped a hand to her stomach, to the imperceptible curve the artist barely captured, "For his mother. He is a good person." Rey said nothing. She didn't understand why the painting said this to her - as if she had no recollection of the conversation they'd just had about who 'Ani' really was. She said she remembered what he did. "He killed people, Padmé." This felt like talking to a wall. "He is afraid," she replied compassionately, "He is in pain. It makes him vulnerable." "It made him a murderer," Rey retorted, and Padmé blinked at her as if no one had ever raised their voice to her before. Certainly not someone like Rey, who was no one to this cultured, well-educated, wealthy, pureblooded witch. She was everything Rey was not. "The vulnerable people are the people he hurt. Not him." I can't believe you are defending Darth Vader. "He doesn't deserve your sympathy." "But that is what sympathy is," Padmé said gently, composed where Rey could not be, "Like forgiveness, and mercy. If it were only for those who deserve it, it would be something else entirely." So what was she saying? That Rey should feel sorry for Kylo Ren? It was hard not to think about him because Darth Vader was - in many ways - so far removed from Rey's life and her experience. But he wasn't. And she couldn't forgive him for what he'd done. The house elf returned a few minutes later with her wand clasped in his bony hand. At Padmé's insistence, he reluctantly relinquished it to Rey who curled her fingers around the wood and tucked it away with relief. She thanked the portrait again and slipped out of the room. She left the painting uncovered and very reluctantly slid the deadbolt back into place. Then Rey lost track of the house elf who - at first opportunity - disappeared to inform his master of everything he'd seen. He was no longer bound to Padmé's orders and immediately set out to sabotage the 'scavenger scum's half-formed plans to blast her way out of the house. She didn't make it halfway down the corridor before a rumbling rolled through the house, the sound of Kylo Ren being told that his grandmother's portrait conspired against him to aid the girl in her escape. Rey decided not to run. She waited for him at the end of the corridor, listened for the sound of his heavy footsteps drawing closer, and she raised her wand with the incantation on the tip of her tongue so that the moment she saw him- "Expelliarmus!" Rey knocked the wand out of his hand and it skittered across the floor, rolling into the corner. His head snapped to follow it and he stretched out an arm and pulled her forward several feet. She staggered, the soles of her feet dragging against the stone as she twisted away in resistance, torso contorting in an effort to free herself from the spell. " Confringo!" she shouted at him, forcing Ren to release her in order to avoid the blasting curse - which smashed into the wall behind him. He went for his wand with a sweep of his cloak and she lunged forward to stop him, flinging a Stunning spell which he deflected with a wave of his hand. The effort knocked him to his knees and Ren retaliated with a non-verbal curse which locked Rey's legs together. She lost her balance, swaying forward unsteadily, and fell towards the floor. With a wince she threw out her hands in front of her, catching herself with her elbows and forearms so she wouldn't drop her wand. The smack of skin slamming into wood stung. But she and Luke had spent weeks on binding spells and Rey remembered the counter-curse. When she uttered it her knees broke apart instantly, but a nervous swallow caught in her throat as soon as she felt him standing over her. She scrambled to her feet as quickly as possible, facing him with a brandished wand. His own was barely raised. "Rey," he said her name thickly, the single syllable heavy in his mouth, "Do not make me do this." "I'm giving you a choice," she was not 'making' him do anything, "Let me go." "I can't." "You won't." He inclined his head slightly, stiffly, in acknowledgment of her words. He made his choice. And Rey wasn't going to stay here to die - so it was always going to come down to this. Notes: What I love about the HP-verse are the various options for communicating with the past and the dead. I really wanted to pair Padmé and Rey in conversation because as a Reylo fan, the mirroring in the relationships is fascinating. ;D Chapter 8 : The Great Escape (III) Summary: Ren takes this opportunity to teach Rey something new. She gets into his head and finds out too much. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Stupefy!" Kylo Ren deflected the spell and swept his arm through the air, " Immobulus ." She muttered an incantation and the jagged blue light from his wand struck her shield, illuminated briefly in a flash of light. His magic rebounded into the wall. "Good." "Good?" she repeated, retreating as he stepped forward. " Obscuro ." She blocked his spell and stumbled back another foot, until her hip brushed the table. It was an accent piece for the corridor, one he hadn't bothered to get rid of yet. "Flipendo!" " Expulso ." The table exploded and the force of the blast slammed her into the wall. She hit the ground with a muffled groan and he turned his head to mask his expression, until the spasm of emotion passed. The spell knocked the air out of her and she gasped painfully, rolling into her hands and knees, wand firmly clutched in her right hand. Ren took a step towards her and she very nearly immobilized him with a breathless- " Impedimenta!" He blocked the spell and flicked his wand upward, " Levicorpus." She dropped to the ground to avoid his jinx and retaliated, "Expelliarmus!" He deflected and pointed his wand at her. Then he watched the girl clutch her throat with one hand, struggling to her feet, expression bewildered. "It is the Langlock Jinx," he informed her, correctly perceiving that the sensation of having her tongue affixed to the roof of her mouth startled her. "It seems Skywalker is slipping in his age," she glared at him, gulping noticeably in an effort to dislodge her tongue, "You must learn to cast nonverbal spells. You give yourself away each time you utter an incantation." Her cheeks hollowed briefly in a concentrated effort to break the jinx. He ignored the way her lips puckered slightly - she should have looked ridiculous, attempting to suck her tongue from the roof of her mouth, but instead he found it distracting - and forced his gaze from her mouth to her eyes. "From the age of sixteen, a witch or wizard is expected to cast spells nonverbally. Your inability to do so will be taken advantage of." Not by him, of course. He chose to exchange incantations with her in order to train her. She would remember his spells. He was teaching her. He stepped forward and gestured sharply. The tip of his wand exploded and he flung a long black snake onto the ground between them. The girl watched with wide eyes as it struck the floor with an angry thump. Its glistening scales unfurled as it raised itself up, head swiveling towards her. A forked tongue darted between its lips and it hissed, baring twin fangs. " Vipera Evanesca is the counter-spell," Ren murmured, his voice low to avoid drawing the attention of the serpent, "Concentrate. You must clear your mind of everything but the incantation." The viper slithered towards her, head bobbing and muscles uncoiling to reveal its full length from head to tail. She backed herself into the wall and stared so hard it was as if she was looking through the snake. Her brow furrowed, nose scrunched into an expression that made her look very young. She was concentrating. "Rey," he said her name as a rumbling warning, "Cast the spell." The serpent reared back to strike her foot and Ren moved to intercede- suddenly, she raised her arm and he recognized the hand movement - a swish of the wand into the shape of a teardrop - but not before she set his robes on fire. With a curse Ren retreated and tore the clasp of his cloak off, dropping it to the ground before he extinguished the flames. Recovering from his surprise, he glanced up and found himself facing the serpent, which was writhing in mid-air, thrashing against the levitation charm she managed to cast. Either the counter-spell was too challenging for her or- Ren twisted aside to avoid being struck as she dropped the serpent at his feet. She had now enraged and disoriented the creature so successfully, it lunged for the nearest body - his - and sank its fangs into dragon leather. Slashing his wand through the air, Ren dissolved the scaly nuisance in a cloud of black smoke before it tore a hole through one of his boots. When he looked for her through the dissipating cloud, he saw she had disappeared. No, not disappeared. She attempted to cast a Disillusionment Charm on herself, but nonverbally and in the hands of an inexperienced witch, it was ineffective. She blended into the corridor - but she was not invisible. He could see her movements distorting the color and shape of the hallway behind her, and the harder he looked at her the more clearly he could make out her figure. Ren waved a hand and released her from the Langlock Jinx, but when she stepped to the side he blocked her, caging her body against the wall with one hand on either side of her head. He searched out what he knew of her face to find her eyes through the spell and said, "I do not need to see you to know where you are, Rey." He felt something under his chin, the tip of her wand pressing into the skin behind his jawbone. The Disillusionment Charm disintegrated in front of him, revealing her flushed and angry face inches away from his own. Her body was plastered against the wall, but her hand was steady. "I'm not your bloody student," she said to him between clenched teeth, her lips barely moving to form the words. Why did she insist on denying what they both knew was true? Because of him? Because of Skywalker? Ren scowled in response, rolling his wand between the palm of his glove and the wall. "You are more mine than his," he said quietly. Surely she had felt it, the intoxicating weight of her own will when she set him on fire, "He's had you for one hundred and ninety-two days-" "One hundred and eighty-five." Ren blinked at her. "You've counted." Rey glared at him. One hundred and ninety-two days since she escaped from the First Order. One hundred and eighty-five days since she found Luke Skywalker and convinced him to return to England. Rey kept a tally on her wall in pencil, hidden behind her bedframe. Sometimes she felt guilty about keeping this secret from Finn but she knew that if she told him, he would only try to convince her to stop. She didn't know how to explain to him that she couldn't . She wasn't even sure she could explain it to herself. "Of course you have," he mused in answer to his own question. Unable to read her expression he skimmed the surface of her mind and the only coherent image he pulled from her thoughts was a wall covered from left to right in hash marks she carved into the greasy concrete. "I understand. When I see this," he tilted his head, grinding his skin into the end of her wand to turn the scarred half of his face towards her, "It reminds me of you." The recurring memory of her magic burning through his forehead and cheek marked each day since she'd run from him. She said nothing. He continued as if she had never interrupted him, "I have had you for one day," this they could agree upon, "Look at what you've done." "I didn't have a choice ." " Exactly ," Ren growled emphatically in response, pressing the tip of his own wand against her temple to dissuade her from Stunning him, "You were afraid. You were in pain. It focused you." He was pleased that she seemed to understand this. "When you feel you have no other choice," traumatized and contorted on the ground, bones broken by your own volition in your desperation to reclaim your pain from those that torture you, threatened with a dementor's kiss - nothing so easy as death - hovering on the cusp of your own mortality, "There is nothing you are not capable of," and no power she could not acquire provided she was willing to do what was necessary to attain it. "Is that what this is?" she demanded furiously, "Is this a test?" "It is a lesson." Get out of my head. Rey could feel him, long fingers peeling back the flimsy mental defense weakened by fear and fatigue. He was searching for something and she twisted her face away in resistance, inhaling through her nose and imagining a calm coating the inside of her mind like a spilled ink bottle. She settled into that still space and pushed outward as hard as she could, tearing him away from the thrill racing up her spine when she realized she'd conjured fire without an incantation, or the memory she had of stumbling into a ditch as a child and stepping on a snake. It bit her and her ankle was swollen for days afterwards, the wound left untreated by a neglectful 'guardian'. She pushed so hard that she stumbled out of her own mind and into his - his , which had been impenetrable to her since she came to and the vision washed over her. She stood outside of herself and watched him crowd her body against the wall, looming over her like a living shadow, she thought. She stared at her own face and realized with discomfort that something was wrong . The sweat on her face seemed glossy and reflected the glow of the torchlight, the chaotic flyaways of her hair curled around her ears in loose tendrils, her eyes were bright, her lips parted and even her voice - every word she said - sounded warmer, had smoothed out and lost its hostile edge, its sharpness. When I see this, Kylo Ren spoke and phantom Rey's gaze was riveted towards the scar he showed to her, It reminds me of you. The real Rey hoped it did. She hoped he remembered it every day, as a promise of what she would do to him if- She touched his scar. The phantom Rey - not her - ran her wand from under his chin to his cheek, and she dragged it along the length of his scar. He pushed his face into the wood as if it were her fingertips and when she reached the end of the gash his own massive hand slid through her hair tangled against the wall to her neck. He cupped her jaw and throat in the space between his thumb and forefinger, tilted her head up, and kissed her so hard her lips disappeared under his and her tongue- "Enough." His voice crackled through her head like thunder and he forced her out of his thoughts. Rey felt like she was falling and when she came to, returning to her own mind, her own thoughts, she gasped and smacked her skull into the wall. "..." Her mouth opened and no sound came out as if she'd been jinxed again. She saw what was in his mind. She saw what he was thinking about- what he thought about her as he pinned her to a wall and held a wand to her head. Rey felt sick to her stomach, a disorienting vertigo that turned her world sideways and made her want to throw up. She wished she hadn't seen it because somehow that made this worse. Mine , he said, mine, my student , strangling words that made her feel as claustrophobic as the warmth of his body did. Finn was hers . Luke was hers. And Poe and Leia and Maz and Jessika and Snap, they were hers , her friends, her people, her family. She didn't feel like she belonged to anyone. And it... wasn't the same. When she said 'mine', she meant 'mine to protect', 'mine to trust', 'mine to depend on'. When he said it, when he felt it, it was... 'mine to have ', 'mine to possess ', 'mine to own '. She wasn't a kriffing owl, or a wand, or a mask. She didn't want to be part of his collection. She didn't want to be anywhere near him. He was the enemy . "Rey." She felt him nudge up against her mind but this time she kept him out . She tore her unfocused gaze from his shoulder to his face, carefully avoiding his eyes. With an audible swallow she raised one shaking hand - not her wand hand - to his face. Her thumb hovered over the edge of the scar, where it ended, and his body was as still as a corpse. She could barely feel him breathing. Her fingers ghosted over the gash without touching skin, traveling across his cheek and up over the bridge of his nose, but instead of his forehead she brushed the pad of her thumb over his eyelashes. She looked at him then. She wasn't afraid of what he would see in her mind. He couldn't get in now - and even if he did, he'd know that she meant every word when she whispered, "I will jam my finger into your eye, Ren," the eyelid twitched under her thumb and she pressed down a fraction of an inch, "If you don't lower your wand. Now ." He might be able to cast a spell, but could he do it before she shoved her thumb into his eye socket? It would be like blacking out a star. He could grow it back, of course. A wizard could grow back any body part. But did he really want to? No. She was afraid to look away from him but she felt the pressure recede from her temple. She lifted her thumb. As he raised his wand in her peripheral vision she dropped her own from his neck and then - in a sharp gesture - shoved the tip into his chest and shouted, "Stupefy!" The force of the spell ripped him away from her and threw him across the hallway. Rey felt like she could breathe for the first time in days and her body nearly collapsed in on itself, shoulders hunched and knees quivering so hard she stumbled away from the wall. Her gaze turned towards him and she saw his body crumpled on the other end of the corridor. She had only Stunned him and it wouldn't last long... so she had better find her way out. She knew which way it wasn't . Rey sprinted away from the room with the portrait, past the hallway with the study and - beyond that - the bathroom, the bedroom she'd burned down, she ran to the other end of the house and she searched each subsequent corridor until she skidded into the balcony which framed a grand wooden staircase and opened up into a foyer. Rey took the stairs three at a time and tripped over her feet on the last step, staggering forward and throwing her arms out in front of her to steady herself. " Alohomora!" Rey flung her wand at the front door and the spell shattered what magical protections Ren had put on it to keep people out... or in. She flung it open and ran out onto the porch - and into the rain. She realized she had no sense of time since she woke up here - she didn't know how long she was unconscious, or what day it was - and she wiped at her eyes, pressing one hand to her forehead as she glanced up. The sky was completely overcast - no stars, no moonlight - and it had to be the middle of the night. A shiver rippled down her spine and she regretted losing her cloak somewhere between here and the bedroom. Rey stood on the porch of this sprawling estate and she looked out onto the lawn with its indeterminable shadows and no helpful, well-lit paths to guide her off the grounds and to a... a safe place. She had no idea where to go. Go forward or go back . Well, she wasn't going back. With no particular direction in mind - other than away from him - Rey stepped off the porch and into the mud, and she ran away from the house. Notes: Thank youuuuu wonderful people for your continued support, and your comments, and your kudos! And what do you know, Rey finally gets half a clue about what Ren thinks of her (and promptly threatens to poke his eye out). On to the next ;D As always, I love to hear from you (on AO3 and on tumblr: coyoterey.tumblr.com!). Chapter 9 : Message in a Lion Summary: Rey receives important news from Leia Organa mid-escape, and what she discovers persuades her to stay. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey didn't stop running until her lungs started to burn, and the soreness in her back worked its way down her spine and into her calves. Her body started to cramp. The explosion in the corridor knocked her hard into the wall and something was wrong with her shoulder. It was the same one she'd used to throw herself through the bedroom door and the twinge was working itself up into pain . She slowed down to catch her breath once the the grounds dipped slightly and she lost sight of the front of the manor. She was reluctant to light her wand and cupped her hand over the tip, turning it away from her body to illuminate the grounds. But it was hard to see through the rain and she didn't remember how she'd gotten here in the first place. She wished she had her broom. She hesitated, trying to peer into the darkness to her left, to her right, for any indication on where she could go next. She was standing perfectly still when she heard it billowing from behind her, swallowing up the patter of the rain in a roar that made her cover her ears, wincing. Rey spun around and she saw something lurch into the sky, bright and blindingly red with rage, a wave of fire that surged through the air, morphing and snarling and galloping towards her. "Ren," she said his name like a curse, turned, took a sharp left and sprinted with the second wind that came from knowing if she didn't push through the pain now, he would catch her. " Nox ." She extinguished her wand and ran blind through the mud, putting as much distance between herself and that thing as possible. Within a minute she glimpsed something shimmering out of the corner of her eye, loping towards her from the direction opposite the house and the fire. Rey stumbled in surprise and lost her footing, sliding in the grass and catching herself with one knee. The creature drew closer to her and Rey squinted at its face - it was an animal, she realized - and when its shape came into sharper detail, she gasped in disbelief and fell back into the mud. It looked like a kriffing tiger- no, more like a lion with no mane. A big white lion, smudged and glowing around the edges. " Rey ." It said her name. The lion said her name. Rey thought she was an open-minded person and she grew up hearing about magic so she wasn't a complete Muggle, but this was the first time she'd ever seen a lion. A ghost lion. A talking ghost lion that knew her name. She gaped. " We don't have much time. " The lion ess had a woman's voice. "Time for..." it sat down in front of her on its haunches, and looked at her with deep-set feline eyes. Intelligent eyes. It was such a big animal. Rey's brow furrowed briefly, the echo of the words - we don't have much time - fitting themselves into her mind. She recognized that voice. "Leia?!" "I hope this message finds you and that you are safe." The lioness' mouth did not move, and Rey stared wide-eyed at the creature. It didn't frighten her, exactly - in fact, the closer the lioness drew to her the better she felt, warm, reassured, " We are looking for you, but we received word today the First Order has occupied Berlin. They've taken over the Zaubereiministerium ," the German Ministry of Magic, " and are monitoring transportation very closely - it's going to be difficult for us to reach you." Rey pushed herself onto her knees at the mention of the First Order and she crawled closer to the lioness. "What do you mean, occupied?" Was this like London? They destroyed central London, not very far from where she and Finn now lived. There was nothing left of the Ministry of Magic. The entire building had been razed to the ground with most of Diagon Alley and hundreds of innocent people, Muggles and wizards alike. The only thing that survived was Gringotts. The First Order attacked Hogwarts too - but the Resistance drove them off - and the school was still undergoing repairs. The lioness didn't answer her question. In fact, Leia didn't even pause to indicate she'd heard the question. So this wasn't a conversation. It was more of a... a message. "There is something else. Luke has returned with news. He believes that-" She paused, and when she said his name there was a catch in her voice, "-Kylo Ren has succeeded in making a horcrux. At least one that we know of." Rey had no idea what a 'horcrux' was, and she peered anxiously over her shoulder until Leia spoke again. "This will be an object... something he carries with him, something that is valuable to him, linked - we think - to Darth Vader's legacy. Whatever it is, the Resistance must have it. We can't stop him without it." "What?" "I know this is asking a lot of you, Rey, but if you are being held by Kylo Ren then you are the closest to it. If you can retrieve it, please, bring it to us." "You can't..." her voice trailed off because she couldn't believe she was hearing this, "You can't ask me to stay here, I just-" she just spent every last waking moment trying to get away from him, and now she had Leia Organa sending messages by lion to tell her to... go back, to find something to help the Resistance - and they didn't even know what the something was. How was she supposed to retrieve it? Something happened in the message, and Leia spoke but the words were muffled, and not directed at her. She must have been interrupted. It was a little like listening to a conversation through a door. Then she returned and said firmly, "We will find you, Rey, I give you my word." That would have been more comforting if it wasn't for that whole bit in the middle about the horcrux. She let out a frustrated sound under her breath, burying her head in her hands and tracking mud through her recently washed hair. What if she just kept running? She could tell Leia she didn't receive the message until it was too late- that wouldn't be a lie, it was too late, she escaped, she rescued herself and she didn't want to go back. Even if she did, she'd never get anywhere near his precious horcrux after she Stunned him. "If I don't go now," Rey said softly, "He's not going to give me another chance," and it wasn't that she didn't trust the Resistance but they had their own business to take care of and she didn't need anyone getting hurt over her. The lioness gazed at her, calm and impassive. She sighed, and dropped her hands to her sides. Leia said the Resistance needed the horcrux. She said they couldn't stop Kylo Ren without it. Rey licked her lips and let out an unsteady breath. "Okay." She made her decision. His anger drove the curse into the air, fiendfyre streaming from his wand to form a writhing nest of serpents which ate itself alive and mutated into fanged chimeras and manticores with distorted inhuman faces, dragons and vipers, tearing themselves apart with teeth, and claws, and scorpion tails, rolling over one another, disappearing and reappearing and prowling after the girl. The fire could not be dampened by the rain and it scorched the soft ground, incinerating everything in its path, insects and frogs and blades of grass. Ren followed the pack of beasts and he struggled to control the gnashing, howling force of flames whose only sentient impulse was the intent to burn and to kill and to devour. It tracked the girl because she was his prey, and his prey became their prey, and together they hunted her to the edge of the property. She waited for him. Kylo Ren's rage dissolved at the sight of her, eyes and dirt-streaked skin gleaming orange in the shadow of his curse, and he gritted out an incantation between his teeth. The beasts withered into a smolder with a protesting shriek, twisting and contorting around one another as the fiendfyre dwindled into nothing. And only then did he see she was not alone. A patronus had wound its body around hers, stepping between the girl and the bewitched flames. Ren bit down on the word twisting between his lips, a word he should have forgotten by now because she meant no more to him than Han Solo did. He would not say it. The lioness turned away from him, rubbing a spectral shoulder against the girl's leg before she faded. Lumos. "I won't run," she said to him, and his gaze slowly shifted back to her. He saw that she was filthy, covered in mud and shivering because she did not have sense enough to cast an impervious charm on herself. "I've heard this before." She ignored him and set the terms as if he'd already agreed, "If you try to disarm me, I will do much worse," than break a promise and leave him Stunned in the corridor. Her bravado intrigued him and he conceded so he would not have to render her unconscious. He was certain his mother had something to do with her decision to stay but her mind was as smooth and reflective as glass to his legilimency. Ren decided not to force his way through her defenses and gestured toward the manor. In response, she trudged silently through the rain and he followed her. Rey was uncomfortable. She didn't have any clothes. She had torn up her spare tunic to protect her face from the smoke in the red-curtained room. Ren summoned the house elf who informed her that he'd disposed of the tattered, bloody garments she left in the bathroom. Rey was infuriated, her muddy arms folded tightly across her chest as she stood in the foyer. "Mitaka will wash your clothes," the ones she was wearing, which continued to drip dirty water onto the wood. She was standing in a puddle of her own making. "I will give you something to wear." "I'm not wearing your clothes." "No," he agreed with her dispassionately and showed her to another room - this one conspicuously without either a window or a fireplace - and in it was the blue trunk she'd tripped over when she found Padmé Amidala's portrait. He indicated the trunk with one hand but Rey hesitated. "Did you ask her?" "Yes." "Padmé?" "The portrait, yes," he examined her discomfort in profile, uncomprehending, "She insisted." This seemed to reassure the girl and he recused himself to allow her to change. "Ren." "Yes?" "Why do you leave her in there?" He paused. "The portrait?" "Yeah." "You have sympathy for her," he said this as if it was an utterly foreign concept to him, "What did she say to you?" "Nothing," the girl insisted, too quickly for this to be anything but a lie, and she crossed her arms over her chest defiantly. "However?" he prompted her to finish her unspoken thought. "However," she repeated impatiently, "It's dark in that room, and she's lonely. Do you really have no other portraits in this house?" "No." "Why not?" "I disposed of them." "But not hers." "No." Ren disregarded the unspoken question in her eyes and informed her, "It is better this way," that Padmé Amidala's portrait remain out of sight, and unable to observe who - or what - moved through this house. "She becomes confused." Rey's brows knit together in immediate defense of the portrait - who, for the record, did not seem 'confused' to her so much as 'in denial' which were two very different things - and she guessed, "Because she keeps referring to you as 'Ben'?" Ren did not respond. He left the room without another word to her which was fine by Rey. She knelt down next to the trunk, smoothing her fingers over the engraved lock - the shape of an 'N' was embedded in the design, she didn't know what it stood for - which, as it turned out, was only decorative. She lifted the lid carefully and peered inside. This was what Ren wanted her to wear. There were gowns, women's gowns, her gowns. "I can't wear this," Rey muttered under her breath. She rinsed herself off with a towel and her wand, and she still felt too dirty to touch these clothes. She used her wand to lift them - one at a time - out of the trunk. The first dress was red with a high collar, ornate gold stitchwork, and beads with billowing sleeves and a crimson smock. I wouldn't even know how to wear this . There were so many pieces, and layers, and textures. The gowns were heavy. She pulled out black silk and mauve overcoats, purple ruffles, white feathers, orange serpentine embroidery, pleats and tassels, puffy sleeves and silver headdresses, and things she didn't even know the name of. At the very bottom of the trunk Rey found one shift and three nightdresses. She chose the only one without the uncomfortably plunging neckline, or the beads, pearls, and ribbons. The dress was long-sleeved and white, with a drawstring at the neck. Rey grimaced as she pulled it over her head and the silk swallowed her up, swirling gently around her feet as if to remind her, this does not belong to you . She'd never be able to sleep in it. Maybe she should just wear her own clothes. She could scrub the stains out with a scouring charm and not have to worry about tripping over herself in this gown. You have sympathy for her . His reaction made her feel self-conscious but, on second thought, it wasn't as if she spoke to a bowl of apples, or a landscape scene. It was a person. It was some essence of who that woman was, and Rey did feel bad for her. She had never seen someone so beautiful with such sad eyes. She didn't belong in this place. She should be with her children. Maybe I'll take the portrait and the horcrux , Rey considered the logistics of such an escape - and it wasn't an idle thought. The house elf barged into the room and ushered her into the corridor before she could make a decision, scooping up her dirty clothes and muttering a handful of insults about scum scavenging through his mistress' belongings - Rey would have been annoyed if she wasn't equally uncomfortable wearing something that didn't belong to her - and he dogged her every step until she entered the study. She didn't know why of all the rooms in this house, Ren insisted on using this one. She wondered if it was significant, if this was where he kept his horcrux, and she looked over the furniture, the shelves, and the fireplace with renewed interest . Rey stepped behind the desk, resisting the temptation to go through the drawers, and instead she tilted her head and skimmed the faded book titles in the wall. Some of them weren't in English - or in any language she recognized - and she couldn't read runes. One of these books might have some entry on a horcrux, even if it wasn't a horcrux itself, but Rey wasn't sure where to start. She didn't know what she was looking for. "Why are you here?" Rey turned towards the voice and stiffened in surprise. Ren was much closer than she'd thought he'd be. He crossed the room without her hearing him - again, how did he do that? - and watched her move through his bookshelves. Rey said nothing. She couldn't think of an excuse quickly enough. If she said she'd changed her mind, he wouldn't believe her. And honestly, she just wasn't that good of a liar. "What did her patronus say to you?" She couldn't tell him the truth. "Her patronus? That was a patronus?" "Yes." Rey knew it couldn't be a ghost but she hadn't realized... "A corporeal one?" He didn't answer. She took that as a 'yes'. "Are they always lions?" "No." "But they are animals?" "Yes." Rey sucked her bottom lip between her teeth. She almost made the mistake of asking - out loud - if she had one of those, something more than a shield. But she didn't want to talk to Kylo Ren about her patronus. What if she could conjure something like that? Could she send a message to someone? To Finn? She could tell the Resistance where she was. If this estate belonged to the Skywalker family, then Luke and Leia would know it. "What did she say to you?" She had to tell him something. Something he would believe. "The First Order is... occupying Berlin." "I am aware of this." Rey wondered why he wasn't there - with the rest of them - but maybe it was for the best that he wasn't. He was dangerous. Fewer people would die without him being around and that was... something. If having to remain with Kylo Ren meant that he wasn't out killing someone, or endangering the people she cared about, maybe this was a worthwhile mission. No, not 'maybe'. She knew that it was. It was important. "They're looking for me." There was no point in lying about that. "They won't find you." She ignored him. The certainty in his voice made her stomach twist uneasily. "They can't find me," she corrected him as steadily as possible, her mind perfectly blank, "The First Order has taken over the Ministry of Magic. They are monitoring anyone who comes into the country." Ren waited for her to continue. Rey took in a deep breath through her nose and said, "She told me they couldn't help me." "Of course not." He did not seem surprised - but more importantly, it sounded as if he believed her. "I don't feel well. I don't have a broom. I don't know where I am," she admitted these things precisely, detached because she didn't like to serve up her weaknesses to her enemies on a silver platter, not even for 'the greater good', "I thought I would be safer here," than in a sea of First Order fanatics because those wizards had a tendency to kill first and... not ask questions. Ren knew that was true. "You are." Rey did not scoff. She didn't respond because she didn't trust herself not to blurt something out she'd regret. She was upset she had to say that, to insinuate that she cared more about her own life than- maybe she used to be that way, but now she couldn't ignore it if she tried. "You are angry." Rey was too anxious, and tired, and it took all the focus she had just to keep him out of her head. The strain of it showed on her face. She looked frustrated and he noticed. Rey pursed her lips briefly and decided to tell him the truth. The fewer lies she had to tell, the easier it would be to keep up with them. "I'm here with you," she said quietly, her voice much calmer than her gaze was when she glared at him, "And meanwhile, the First Order is murdering more innocent people," in a city not far from her. Her friends might be in danger, trying to help her. "They are not innocent." Rey was tempted to ask him how he knew but she didn't think she could stand here and listen to him talk about 'cleansing' and 'corruption' and 'order'. There was only so much she could stomach about this situation, and that did not include the poisonous propaganda of the First Order. "You would say that," she replied instead, her voice flat. Anything to justify the horrible things he'd done. "The Resistance has abandoned you," no, they haven't , "And you are still trying to defend them." "I'm not defending anyone." Least of all, you. "But you feel..." he searched her face for the word and wished he could pull it from her thoughts. "...guilty." "I guess." Maybe she did feel guilty. If she knew what she was looking for - what a horcrux was, how to find it - she would be doing some good. Right now she wasn't doing anything to help anyone. And she missed Finn. "Don't." Rey glared at him. "Guilt is a wasted emotion." Says the man who murdered his own father. "Can we eat?" Rey asked him suddenly, because if she didn't change the subject she was going to hurt him. Ren blinked. There was a pause, and then, "Yes." "Good." Maybe if she was very lucky, he'd choke on his food. Notes: You are the most wonderful people, thank you for your continued support - and now, of course, that Rey is not actively trying to escape things will be happening. Reylo-related things. And it only took nine chapters to get to this point. Thanks for hanging with me! Chapter 10 : Control Summary: Ren and Rey have dinner and it ends with him destroying some furniture. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Padmé said this house belonged to her." She spoke through a mouthful of roasted chicken, resting one arm against her knee. She pulled apart the food with her fingers, elbows on the table, hunched over the plate as if she expected someone to take it from her. A vague recollection brushed the edge of his mind, the sound of his mother's exasperation in response to Han Solo's table manners - he ate like she did, shoveling food into his mouth, drank too much, and offended every foreign dignitary who came by to pay their respects. Ren's fingers tightened impulsively and he cut through the meat so violently his knife bit into the bone china and rattled his place settings. She glanced at him, swallowing thickly, and he pushed his plate away. "Ren?" "The way you eat is off-putting." Rey stiffened in response. It was the first thing Ren had said to her since she entered the dining room - which was as grand and cold and empty as the rest of the house, one long dark banquet table in the middle of the room, uncomfortable chairs, high ceilings and ornate chandeliers - and she shifted in embarrassment, looking down at her plate. Her fingers glistened with the butter from the chicken and she folded them into her palms. And then she was annoyed. "Everything about you is off-putting," she retorted, but you don't see me throwing away my food . She wouldn't do that, not even to prove a point, because she remembered what it felt like to go hungry. And since she'd decided Ren probably wouldn't poison her - it was too subtle for him - she'd piled as much chicken, and potatoes, and vegetables onto the plate as she could. She didn't know when she'd get to eat again. "Tell me about the house." "It belongs to the Naberrie family," he replied neutrally. "Naberrie?" "Her mother's surname." "Are they German?" "Perhaps ancestrally," but if Rey had moved in the same circles as him, she would know the name. Naberrie was a prominent pureblood wizarding family in England and had been for nearly four hundred years. Her father's bloodline, Amidala, came from Italy. "They own several estates," in England, in France, in Germany... "But this estate is in Germany?" "Yes." Ren watched the girl's shoulders relax fractionally in response. She was no longer looking at him, breaking her bread into pieces which she swept along the gold inlay of the plate to sponge up the seasoning and butter from her eviscerated chicken breast. "Do you know why she chose to live here?" She hesitated. "For her children?" "For him," her husband, "My grandfather was... what they used to call, a 'mudblood'. Do you know what that means?" She didn't flinch but her jaw tightened. Perhaps it was not as outdated a slur as he presumed. "He never knew his father. His mother died when he was nineteen." "I didn't know that." "Few people do," he replied earnestly. He leaned forward on the table, his own impeccable posture lost in the knowledge that she was listening to him, looking at him, transfixed by the words - or the wizard behind the words. She would appreciate this. "Her family would never consent to sullying their bloodline with the likes of him. They thought he was nothing," a muggleborn with no connections and no wealth, she could have lost everything if their marriage had become common knowledge, so she could not stay in England, "He made his own name, his own legacy, and he did not inherit it. He built it himself." The Empire nearly took all of Europe, the most extensive campaign in centuries. "Darth Vader saw a world he was dissatisfied with," he said, "He saw its instability, its hypocrisy, its incessant conflict," nowhere more embodied than in the International Confederation of Wizards. In England he did away with Aurors and restrictions on the Dark Arts, the absurd delineation of 'good' or 'evil', 'light' or 'dark', when there was only power, "And he reshaped it according to his vision-" "Of a dictatorship? " Ren failed to notice how she had grown increasingly agitated as he spoke, the fervent admiration in his voice sharply juxtaposed to her own incredulity. "The Empire-" "-was foul . It was controlled by Dark wizards!" "That is a lie." " What? " Rey might not have lived through the days of the Empire but she wasn't an idiot. She heard the stories. She knew what it was. Things weren't great under the Ministry of Magic - not for her, being what she was - but wizards didn't run around in masks executing whole swaths of people. It had to be an improvement over the Empire, and certainly the First Order. "Are you a Dark witch?" "Of course not." Ren stood and he stepped around the table towards her, "But you practice Dark magic." "I do not." Rey shoved her chair away from the dining room table, and the antique legs ground against the floor. She didn't want him looking down at her anymore than he already did. " You practice Dark magic," she felt the need to remind Ren of this since he had - apparently - forgotten this. "I practice magic," he corrected her, advancing on her until she backed into the arm of her chair with a wince, her back digging into the wood, "Like you. Dark magic, light magic, the distinction is arbitrary. It means nothing." "If it really meant 'nothing', it wouldn't-" "Be taught in a school? Be regulated by the Ministry of Magic?" The standards for what qualified as 'Dark magic' and the spectrum of acceptability were utterly incoherent and uneven across the world. There was no body of government more ineffective and inconsistent than a Ministry of Magic. "What are the Dark Arts? Tell me what you've learned," because it was one of the first things Skywalker would've taught her. Rey did not want to humor him. Her back ached from leaning so far away from him. She felt trapped and was tempted to pull out her wand - but he wasn't touching her. He was only standing over her. She still hated it. "Tell me." Fine. "Magic that is used to cause harm," up to and including control or death of a victim. "What does this encompass?" he challenged her, pleased by her response and answering his own inquiry, "Every jinx, hex, or curse you've ever learned. A stupefying spell, does it not cause harm?" "That's not what it means ," Rey protested, flushing in indignation and on behalf of her mentor. She groped for a better answer, stumbling over her words, "It has to do with intent. A stupefying spell cast in self-defense is not Dark magic. But... torturing someone, poisoning someone..." "Could that not be self-defense?" "Torture is never self-defense." Ren inclined his head in a distinctly 'let's agree to disagree' sort of way that she found infuriating. "And this?" he indicated the thickest part of his scar on the cheek, "Do you know why it will never fully heal?" "Because I cursed you." "Yes. And it is not the only scar you've given me," his neck and his shoulder had also been badly wounded. And one of the characteristics of Dark magic - or so they said - was the mark it left behind. "It was self-defense." "Was it?" Rey glared at him. " Yes ." "I never intended to kill you." "I don't believe you." "Don't lie to me," Ren reproached her softly. She was afraid of him - he would grant her that - but if he had truly wanted to hurt her, he would have cast an unforgivable curse and been done with it. And she was not solely motivated by her fear. "You were angry. You wanted to make me suffer for what I did to your friend-" the traitor, "-and to Han Solo." "You killed Han Solo." "And you wanted to kill me." Yes. She did not need to say it out loud - or even in her mind - because he could see it in her face, in the way she flinched away from him when he raised a hand to brush a stubborn strand of brown hair out of her eyes. He did not touch her skin and she still looked away from him, squeezing her eyes shut as if he'd slapped her. "There is no shame in what you've done," he said to her in a low voice, an intimate reassurance, "Or what you've felt. They will tell you that you must exhibit control, be impartial, never allow yourself to be influenced by your emotions... and this is the greatest disservice they will do to you," he insisted bitterly, "They teach you to self-impose limitations on what you are capable of," denying yourself to please an external authority threatened by your mastery of things they could not imagine, "With the threat of 'Dark magic', of being a 'Dark witch', as if magic could be so easily constrained," but it could not, and Ren had decided long ago not to allow himself to be manipulated by notions of guilt or responsibility conjured in service to a binary that did not exist. "I know what you're doing." She sidestepped him and he followed her. "What am I doing?" She didn't answer. He stepped forward, she pressed her spine against the back of her chair. He rested his hands on either side of her head, gripping the wood between his fingers. "I will never join the First Order," she repeated stubbornly, and he caught her angry gaze with his own. "No, I didn't imagine you'd come back for that," he replied, "You are here because of the Resistance." She lied to him when she said she decided to stay - in this place, with him - because they would not come for her. She would never give up this easily, not if the choice was between him or... anything short of death, and even then she might get herself killed out of spite. He did not underestimate her hatred of him. She seemed flustered. "I-" "I don't care," he assured her, dismissive of the deception and any denial of it. He wanted her here, and it made no difference to him how or why she stayed - only that she did, because what he needed was time. "I understand your thirst to prove yourself," even if it was to the Resistance, "But you have chosen the wrong side." She scoffed in a huff of air and tore her eyes from his, scowling down at the floor. "Eighteen years of living as a squib and a scavenger," when she was - could be - so much more, "And now I see you being denied the power that is your birthright," as a witch, "because the 'Dark Arts' are forbidden to you." "My birthright?" she repeated dubiously. Ren ignored the derision in her voice and pressed two fingers to her jaw, turning her head towards him. She did not resist. She did not draw her wand. She was angry but conflicted, and it was this internal conflict which distracted her. She was too consumed in wrestling with her own thoughts to be revolted by his touch. "Rey," he said her name to draw the focus of her gaze, "Don't you think your magic has been inhibited enough?" Was she not tired of being told what she could not do? He would never deny her anything. She could never frighten him, or worry him, or disappoint him. He would never send her away. She didn't answer him. Her lips parted and she breathed shallowly, blinked, and he rubbed his thumb along her jawline. He didn't understand what this was. Ren knew what he wanted from her as a student. He needed her to fulfill Darth Vader's legacy, to twist the prophecy in his favor, to make her his . He wanted to use her. He wanted her power. He wanted to take her from Skywalker and to regain his master's trust. But this... was unfamiliar to him. He could not remember the last time he had desired anything which did not serve his ambition. He touched her lips not as a means to an end, but because he wanted to. He wanted to feel the texture under his fingers, and his mouth, and his tongue. "Stop." Her breath struck his fingers harshly and a moment later he felt the press of her wand in his side, digging into his ribcage through his tunic. Ren reluctantly dropped his hand and she ducked under his other arm, sliding between his body and the chair. He turned to follow her with his gaze but she did not turn around. She stormed out of the dining room and he swore to himself, dragging his fingers through his hair in aggravation. Why did he touch her like that? Why did he want to touch her at all? Ren raked blunt nails down the side of his face and his neck. She was under his skin and he wanted to rip her out. His gaze refocused on the chair in front of him, and he saw her pressed against it. He saw himself pushing it aside and backing her into the table, catching the hem of her gown with his fingers and dragging it up, crumpling silk in his hands, sliding it over her calves, her knees, spreading her legs on the table and running his tongue from the inside of her knee to the inner thigh- "Master?" The chair exploded with a flex of his hands, showering the table, her empty plate, and his clothes with slivers of wood. The house elf retreated without another word, and Ren picked up her plate. He saw her tongue laving in between her own fingers and with an aggravated snarl he flung it on the ground and the china shattered. He stepped forward and ground the heel of his boot into the shards. He turned abruptly and left the room less than a minute later, stepping into the corridor. Where is she? Notes: Thanks to everyone who continues to read and comment and kudos! I appreciate it so, so much. :D Y'all are amazing! Come blog things/chat/share everything with me on my Reylo blog coyoterey.tumblr.com. Chapter 11 : Setting the Stage Summary: Rey considers her next move and Ren provides her with some 'light' reading. Notes: Hello, wonderful people. I wanted to apologize for posting this chapter over a month (!!) late. I can't thank you enough for your patience, and am so grateful to those of you who are sticking with my story :) This chapter is short and transitional, but it is setting up the latter half of the story and things will be moving quicker (both plotwise and Reylowise). I just wanted to post this bit to announce that I have the rest of the story fully mapped out and I will be posting regular updates from here on out! " Accio Horcrux." The only sound she heard was the frustrated whisper of her own incantation. The spell didn't work. Rey retraced her steps to the study and tried to summon the horcrux again but nothing happened. She wondered if Kylo Ren enchanted it in some way - or maybe it was one of those objects that couldn't be summoned. This will be an object... something that he carries with him, something that is valuable to him... could it be in his clothes? Is that what Leia meant? What about his mask? That was important to him, wasn't it? ... linked - we think - to Darth Vader's legacy... The whole estate belonged to his grandparents. How could Rey pick out one object in this place knowing it was the horcrux? The only thing worse than deliberately allowing Ren to recapture her would be to take the wrong thing. If she was going to risk her life, she wanted to be sure. She needed to be sure. Ren stomped down the corridor. She could hear him and she turned her face away from the door, fingers gripping her wand against the fabric of her gown, gaze unfocused on the shelves of books in front of her. She willed herself to be calm. To breathe. If she reacted this strongly every time she was in the same room with him, she would never find what she was looking for. She could not let him in. "Don't touch me." Rey felt him standing in the threshold of the study, crowding the doorway with his broad frame. The searing anger of his mind made her head hurt but when she turned to face him he was still. His face was expressionless. It gave no indication that he even heard her. "I'm still a guest, aren't I?" The concession flickered behind his eyes and Rey pulled her confidence together to repeat, "I don't like it when you touch me." It was strange and uncomfortable, intimate with a tension she recognized after what she had seen in his head. She was determined to ignore it. "What are you doing?" he enunciated carefully, dark eyes sweeping over the room as he stepped inside. She wondered what he was looking for. A trap, maybe, but she'd barely had time to pull herself together before he found her. "Looking... for something," she glanced away from him and remembered the shelves behind her, "A book." He stared at her and she knew he didn't believe her but Rey forced herself to hold his gaze. "A book." His voice was low and level. "I do know how to read," Rey retorted, feeling self-conscious and worried that she might have given something away. He called her 'scavenger' and 'squib' with a contempt she couldn't ignore. A lot of wizards dismissed her that way. "I was thinking about what you said," and pretending that was the reason she ran out of the dining room - not because she nearly lost her nerve about completing her mission, "I don't trust you. I want to read about it for myself," she was proud of how reasonable she sounded, steady and convincing, "Luke doesn't have any books on Dark magic." Ren didn't say anything for so long that she felt her stomach start to churn - until he replied, "He wouldn't." He stepped into the room and she released a breath she didn't know she was holding when a large leather-bound volume dislodged itself from the bookshelf. Rey drew closer to the desk where Ren summoned it, but one look at the front cover and its gold embossing and she shook her head. It was covered in runes. "I can't... read that," she admitted grudgingly. She felt her cheeks warm in embarrassment. If Ren had a snide comment about her woeful literacy level for a witch, he kept it to himself and pulled down two more texts. The first was titled in bold English font Confronting the Faceless and the second, "Magick Moste Evile ," she said slowly. "The title is unfortunate." Or it's just true. What did it say about the Dark Arts that this book had evil spelled out on the cover? "Is there somewhere I can read these?" "Sit." Kylo Ren indicated a chair in the study and watched the protest form in her eyes. "I will not have you destroying my texts." He wouldn't let her leave the room with the books and she wondered if he was going to stand here all night. Resistant to the command in his voice, Rey compromised by sitting on the floor with her back pressed into the mantle of the lit fireplace, facing the open door. This way she had a full view of the entire room, including Kylo Ren and her exit strategy. He took the chair across from her and Rey did her best to ignore him. She read the introduction, cradling the book in one hand and her wand in the other - she wasn't going to put it down, not while he was anywhere near her. Her eyes skimmed paragraphs on potions and hexes, the uses of unicorn blood, and a compendium of dark creatures. Of the Horcrux, wickedest of magical inventions, we shall not speak nor give direction... Rey shifted in recognition of exactly the thing she was looking for. Of course, the only mention she found told her nothing ('wickedest of magical inventions' wouldn't help her identify one when she found it). Her mouth set in a stubborn frown, she flicked through the rest of the text quickly in the hopes of glimpsing another half-reference, or non-reference reference, to the horcrux. She read until her neck and shoulders hurt from hunching over the medieval script and she remembered how sore she was. The book was full of dangerous spells she'd never heard of before. Kylo Ren probably knew each and every one and the more she read, the tighter her throat closed as she learned of new and horrifying ways he could hurt her - or the people she cared about - if he wanted to. "You need a teacher." Rey looked up from a particularly gruesome description of a skin flaying curse. Kylo Ren was watching her with his forearms braced on his thighs, hands loosely clasped between his legs. "I have a teacher," she said flatly. "What you have is an old man past his prime," he dismissed Luke and fixed dark eyes on her, intoning, "His knowledge pales in comparison to mine." Rey didn't believe that. "I don't need to know..." she turned the page, paused, lifted the book and read, "...how to 'fill my enemy's mouth with blood'." She didn't try to hide her distaste. No one should know how to cast that spell. "It is unlike you to be squeamish." "I am not squeamish." It wasn't the blood that bothered her and she resentfully retorted, "There are other ways to silence someone." "The intent is not to silence." He was not goading the girl - despite what she may have believed - but he was challenging her to think beyond the limitations of her paltry education under Skywalker. "So it is cruelty for cruelty's sake." "No." He admonished her silently, disappointed that she would reflexively denounce the Dark Arts, mimicking her poor excuse for a mentor who was too much of a coward to delve into true power. She was cleverer than that. "Do not be lazy." No magic was purposeless. "Consider the desired effect." She did not ask him how? but he could see the question in her eyes. "You taste blood. It is in your teeth and your throat. Your tongue is swimming in it. What do you feel?" Rey frowned at him. "Disgusted." "Afraid." She said nothing and he took this as an unspoken agreement. "To master these spells is to master fear." Fear could be as compelling as the Imperius Curse and was, perhaps, more effective for it could be wielded against many. "I can show you how." Rey hesitated but not for the reason he thought. She wondered how willing he would be to show her the horcrux he made. She wanted to ask him about it but she was afraid it would be too... transparent. If she mentioned it and he realized this was what the Resistance was after, who knew what he would do with it? She needed to find it on her own. "I'm tired," Rey replied, "Do I have to sleep in this room too?" Kylo Ren leaned back in his chair and he gazed at her. "No." Rey pushed herself to her feet and grimaced against the stiffness in her muscles and the persistent ache in her arms. Ren summoned Mitaka and gave the house elf directions - no doubt on ways to keep her from destroying the rest of his house. He stood up and crossed the study, she followed him to the doorway and to her surprise, he allowed her to keep the books. The house elf took her to a room smaller and less sumptuous than the one she woke up in - but it was similarly 'prepared' for her: bespelled and windowless, no personal items, no portraits, and only one door. No fireplace. Rey sat down on the edge of the bed in her borrowed nightgown and the two texts. She had no intention of going to sleep. She read until her eyes couldn't stay open any longer, frustrated and exhausted. She'd found a chapter dedicated to dementors in Confronting the Faceless - but it didn't tell her anything she didn't already know based on first-hand experience and what Ren had told her. But there was no mention of horcruxes. She pressed her fingers to her face and closed her eyes at the sound of Leia's voice in her head. It wasn't just about her mission. It was about the Resistance. Berlin. Her friends. Rey sat cross-legged in the middle of the bed and closed her eyes, searching for the thread of calm she found in Nurmengard. She remembered the first time she felt like she really belonged - anywhere, with anyone - and it was with Han Solo. They spoke the same language. He understood the Muggle world in ways Finn didn't. He offered her a job. A different life. And it hurt her to watch him die. She lost something she'd barely grasped, didn't even completely understand, what she'd always wanted but was too afraid to search for, when he was killed. She made a family out of Finn and Poe, Luke and the Resistance. But she didn't think she'd ever forget how Han Solo made her feel. Kylo Ren took that away from her... and then he had the nerve to say she didn't know the man. Well, now she'd never get the chance. Rey pushed the melancholy aside, sifting through her thoughts until she focused on Finn. She couldn't think of a happy memory - a really happy memory - that didn't have him in it. She meditated until the fatigue and the pain faded. " Expecto patronum ." Rey murmured the spell and her wand followed the movement, circling in the air. With no dementors - or Kylo Ren - bearing down on her it was easy for Rey to conjure the shield. She watched the silvery white cloud of mist gush from her wand, hovering over the bed. She spent nearly an hour trying to shape the shield into an animal, recalling the form of Leia's patronus: the lioness' translucent muzzle, the size of her paws, her tail and her eyes. Rey wanted to produce one, too. She needed a way to communicate with the Resistance. It didn't work. Her shield was strong and pulsed steadily from the tip of her wand but she couldn't do what Leia had done. The discouragement broke her concentration and the shield disappeared. She didn't remember how she fell asleep, sprawled on top of the bed with the corner of Magick Moste Evile digging into the skin under her ribs. Rey woke up, rubbed dry lips together with a grimace and sat up quickly. She shuffled over to the door and discovered it was unlocked - and more importantly, the house elf did wash her clothes. They were folded neatly on top of a dark wood chest of drawers. Her discomfort with realizing that someone had been in the room while she was sleeping faded at the sight of her own belongings, and Rey gratefully changed into them. Slipping into the corridor, barefoot but wearing her trousers and shirt, she felt more like herself. Kylo Ren was not in the study or the dining room, and carrying a plate of food in both hands Rey decided to take advantage of his absence. She thought he might not be in the house. If the horcrux was as valuable to Ren as Leia believed, it would probably be in his private rooms. That was as good of a place to start as any. Chapter 12 : The Hourglass Summary: Rey discovers Darth Vader's mask, Kylo finds her snooping, and Hux interrupts a would-be confrontation by dropping in unannounced. No one is thrilled. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Someone made breakfast. There was a spread of poached eggs, sausage, tomatoes, and toast in the dining room. No Kylo Ren in sight but Rey wasn't about to pass up free food. The house elf didn't appear at the table and smack her fingers away, so she assumed it was for her. She read two texts and neither of them told her what she needed to know. She was too stubborn to ask him what a horcrux was, and too impatient to sit in a room full of books hoping that she'd stumble across the right one. Leia told her what to look for and she did have a lot of practice making money out of rubbish. She could glance into a room and figure out pretty quickly what was most likely to fetch the highest price. There was no reason why she wouldn't be able to uncover what meant most to Kylo Ren. The fastest way to do that would be to see where he spent his time when he wasn't following her around. He hadn't tried to kill her yet but Rey didn't want to push her luck. She knew what he was. He was brutal and unpredictable, no matter how calm he seemed with her. And most importantly, she needed to recover the horcrux so she could help the Resistance. Rey planned to Apparate to Berlin the first chance she got... and she was trying not to be pessimistic about squandering her one chance to escape. She Stunned him before, she could do it again. Rey mapped the sprawling manor out in her mind, retracing the steps of corridors she'd moved through before and those she hadn't. She pushed open a few locked doors with an unspoken Alohomora but most of them were empty and dusty, unused for years. Then she reached a room at the end of the hall, clearly a master suite by the size of the doors, and it didn't budge when she cast her spell. It had been bewitched to resist the charm. Rey set down her empty plate on the floor and leaned forward, pressing her fingers to the wood. "Ren?" She listened hard but she didn't hear anything moving on the other side of the door. "Ren, are you in there?" No answer. She lowered her gaze to the tip of her wand and whispered, " Liberare. " The door still didn't open and Rey shifted on the balls of her feet, trying to remember what Luke had taught her. The spell which preceded the unlocking charm, what was it called again? "Port..." she knew this, "Portaberto." The doorknob splintered, exploding so violently that she raised her hands to avoid being struck. What was left on the door was a smoking hole the size of her fist, and Rey glanced over her shoulder anxiously . Maybe no one heard that. .. even if they didn't, they'd definitely see the mess she left behind. Stepping over the threshold, she murmured a quick mending charm to fix the door and pushed it closed behind her. The bedroom was massive. Everything was black from the wood paneling behind the bed - elevated on a stone platform, each post carved into a point - to the fireplace, to the empty walls that seemed so tall and oppressive, colliding with the shadows of the intricately crown molded ceiling. The black iron chandelier hung ominous and dimly lit. The room was sparse and dark, and she knew it had to be his . There was no warmth to it. There were no cabinets, tables, or bookshelves, no personal touches. It felt more like a crypt, or a mausoleum, than a proper room that someone would want to use. Rey mumbled a few spells under her breath, hoping to uncover anything that was hidden or invisible. But there were no secret passageways or hidden trunks, at least none that would reveal themselves to her. There were two doors inside the room, both of which were unlocked. The first led to a bathroom which was dark and muted, too. There were no mirrors. The second opened into the roomy closet which stretched into its own corridor. Lighting her wand, she walked inside and saw that it was full of empty shelves which flanked her on either side, drawers built into the wall, twin wardrobes, and a single black chair. Rey unlatched one wardrobe and peered inside. It was full of black clothes, robes and tunics and trousers. She didn't need to touch the material to know it was expensive. Rey pushed the chair out of the way to open the second wardrobe, expecting it to be filled with more clothes. She only found one thing. Sitting on a polished black surface that hit her mid-waist was a mask. It was old and horribly deformed, caved in on one side. It reminded her of the old Death Eater masks from ages ago... only this one was solid black. Any engravings that might've been carved into the metal were melted away with whatever destroyed it. The mouth was the worst part, a ragged, gaping hole where a grate had once been. Inching closer to the mask, she clenched her wand tighter in one hand. Unease crept down her spine, and she knew this was something she should've recognized . The tugging at the back of her mind - don't you know what this is? - was hard to ignore and against her better judgment, Rey was transfixed by the mask. She reached forward with one hand, and barely had a chance to brush her fingers against the forehead - nothing happened, it didn't do anything to her - before Ren found her. He didn't try to sneak up on her. She heard him throw open the bedroom door, slamming it into the wall, and she retracted her hand from the mask and pushed the wardrobe shut. Rey made it a handful of steps but she wasn't fast enough and he stepped in front of the threshold of the closet, cutting a dark silhouette and blocking her in. She raised her wand, the tip blindingly bright from her whispered incantation, and her stomach knotted furiously when she felt his glare through the expressionless shape of his mask. She felt his mind sweeping hers and instantly slammed down her defenses, gathering her focus to block his legilimency before he caught the words horcrux and Resistance . With a twitch of his fingers he tore her out of the closet. Her stomach felt like it was being yanked through her throat and she stumbled, gritting her teeth to bite back a hiss when her injured shoulder smacked into the wall. Rey spun around with a counter-spell on the tip of her tongue, but he wasn't focused on her anymore ( his mistake ). He only wanted her out of the way so that he could surge inside and open the wardrobe. She couldn't see the ruined mask from where she stood, but there was something in the mirror image of Kylo Ren - in his cowl and his gloves, layered until no skin showed and he no longer looked human - and that thing on the shelf that triggered her realization. "That belongs to Darth Vader, doesn't it?" "Get out." "How did you find it?" He canted his head toward her and ground out menacingly, "Get. Out." The house was dark and empty and inscrutable, except for a handful of rooms Kylo Ren never entered. His bedroom did not even looked lived in - but the mask? It wasn't shoved out of sight haphazardly. It was hidden away for a reason... a family heirloom preserved, handled with reverence. The thing looked like junk but Rey could tell it was important. She didn't need to see his face. His posture told her everything, from his fingers wrapped around the edge of the wardrobe door to his stance, hovering, shielding the mask from view. It was strangely protective. She wished she'd grabbed the mask before he walked in, because she was sure he wouldn't threaten her if she had that in her hand. It was too valuable to him. Rey hesitated at the threshold, tense with the expectation of violence, and she did not lower her wand. She was deciding whether or not she could Stun him, steal the mask, and seal him in the closet. He would break through the door in a matter of minutes but that was all she'd need if this was the horcrux. "Master?" The high-pitched voice of the house elf rankled both of them from the corridor. The creature wouldn't enter the room but his anxiety sliced through the tension and distracted Ren, who secured the wardrobe with trembling fingers. He was angry. "Yes?" "Chief Warlock Hux is here, sir. He is demanding to see you." Ren tore the closet door from its hinges with a nonverbal spell and flung it across the room, and Rey staggered, backing away from the closet. It seemed to vibrate under the force of his magic, shelves splintering and collapsing on themselves, clattering to the ground. Ren strode forward and the purposefulness of his movements made her want to run. His whole body coiled with barely repressed rage beneath folds of black fabric but when he spoke to her, the words were calm and deliberate. "Go to your room." "Why?" "Go by choice or I will carry you there myself." Rey bristled. "I'd like to see you try." The mask tilted fractionally in response. "Would you?" No. Ren reached for her forearm and she stepped back, so quickly that his fingers barely swiped the edge of her sleeve. Rey was grateful to be out in the open, her ears still ringing from the damage he did to his own closet. "Take her." Rey flushed with a retort - or maybe a hex - but the house elf grasped the hem of her tunic suddenly and popped out of Ren's bedroom, reappearing in front of the bed she left rumpled with the two books Ren loaned her. She wobbled slightly, recovering from the unexpected Apparition. Before she could whirl around and demand to know how a house elf could move freely between rooms while she could not - he was gone with another infuriatingly loud crack . This week had been nothing but Rey making decisions she regretted from the moment she left the flat. She chose to come to Nurmengard, she chose to save Ren's life, she chose to fight and then she chose to stay... and she still wasn't sure if she was doing the right thing. She didn't know very much about Chief Warlock Hux, only what she'd heard from the Resistance. While Ren terrorized people from behind his mask, Hux stood front and center as the face of the First Order. He was an ambitious politician from a well-connected family who worked his way up the ranks of the Ministry of Magic. He had the title of the head of the Wizengamot, or what was left of it. He was dangerous and he was also preoccupying Ren. Now that she knew her way to his bedroom, this might be her chance to steal the mask. She wasn't certain it was the horcrux but it would be good leverage either way and she was desperately in need of leverage. All she had on her side right now was the fact that Ren was interested in making her his student - but that was never going to happen, and eventually he would figure it out. No one tried to lock her door. Rey waited three minutes listening through the wood, then she peered into the corridor and saw that no one was there. Slipping out of the room, she moved carefully to the end of the hallway and for the first time, she was grateful there were no portraits on the walls to raise the alarm and Ren's suspicions. Rey turned down a second corridor which brought her close to the balcony overlooking the foyer, and she halted at the sound of muffled voices arguing. She could pick out Ren's, which was lower than Hux's, even if she couldn't make out all the words. Chief Warlock Hux was a wizard of exceptional breeding - a pureblood with a proud legacy - whose many accolades and honors were as much a reflection of his natural aptitude as his ruthlessness and his ambition. He was far more intelligent than the people he surrounded himself with and this allowed him to quickly ascend the ranks of the First Order, manipulating his predecessors and his underlings as one maneuvers pawns on a chessboard. The Supreme Leader had all but promised him the power he desired but his new position was contingent on the eradication of the Resistance. To be told on the eve of his most recent victory - Berlin, and now with an eye turned to Madrid - that he was to collect Ren's squib was a task that was beneath him. He masked his irritation from the Supreme Leader, left Berlin in the capable hands of Phasma, and directed his resentment solely towards the volatile wizard in front of him. "I will bring the girl to the Supreme Leader." Ren stood directly over him but Hux would not be intimidated. He did not draw his wand, instead regarding Ren with the contempt of someone who does not cut his way through an obstacle by cursing everything in sight. Hux found it much more gratifying to exploit the weaknesses in others with a finesse Ren was utterly incapable of. "This is not a negotiation," he enunciated, bottom lip curling in undisguised disdain, "If you cannot manage to wrangle one girl in two days, you certainly won't be able to do it in three. The Supreme Leader grows impatient with you." "Do not presume to speak for him." Hux deliberately looked away from Ren, dismissive of the threat of violence looming over him. He turned to the wizards he'd selected to accompany him and commanded, "Fetch the girl." The two lowered a black iron chest to the floor and stepped forward in unison. A seething Ren twisted his head to follow their movements. Hux took advantage of his distraction to issue a reprimand of his own, "You are inconsistent, Ren." There was no trait he found more abhorrent. Hux could not abide discrepancies and he did not trust anyone who could not be reasonably predicted. Ren turned back to him and repeated in a monotone, "Inconsistent." "Where the girl is concerned, you always have been." "I am not the one who permitted a blood traitor to infiltrate our headquarters... twice ." Hux's nostrils flared in response. A blood traitor was one thing - and it did mar his record in a way that he, as a perfectionist and a consummate judge of character, found insupportable - but it was Ren who disregarded the Supreme Leader in his single-minded fixation on the witch. "He will not be our concern for much longer," and had Ren killed him when he had the chance, the traitor would not be a concern at all. "We will put an end to the Resistance." "Stupefy!" Both wizards raised their heads at the sound of her voice, the incantation coupled with the distinct sound of a body smashing into the wall. Hux narrowed his eyes, listening to the crackle of power passing between the girl and what remained of his entourage. "Are you going to do something about this?" he demanded of Ren. "No." His voice was impassive but his gaze was riveted to the balcony and Kylo reached out with his mind to assess where she was, careful not to pull her attention from the duel. "She has the right to defend herself." Hux glared at Ren. "She has no rights. She is a prisoner." There was a strangled cry - the sound of a wizard disarmed and paralyzed with a body-bind curse - before the unmistakable thud of a body striking the ground reverberated through the corridor. Ren savored the sight of her when she stepped into view, face flushed and sweaty, eyes bright with an aggressive adrenaline, lips twisting into a grimace the moment she looked down at them. She flung herself forward but Ren disarmed her first. He held up a hand to freeze the incantation on her tongue and to prevent her from retrieving her wand. He turned his head to Hux. "Your men are skilled at something," he observed dryly, "They make fine fodder for my apprentice." Less than five minutes in her company and both unconscious. The Chief Warlock could not escort her to the front gate, let alone deliver her to his master. That task was Ren's alone. The muscles in his jaw flexed and Hux retorted, "Would you defy orders from Leader Snoke?" "No." He could feel her straining against the spell and knew she would regain her focus soon and draw on non-verbal magic to break his concentration. "You will collect your wounded and go . I will bring the girl as promised." Hux conceded in his way - infuriated by the failure of his men to subdue one nineteen year old witch, and determined to exact upon them a fitting punishment for embarrassing him - leaving behind the chest in the foyer. Ren questioned Hux as to its contents and the latter replied smoothly, "Supreme Leader Snoke is wise," and having anticipated this outcome, ordered the Chief Warlock to leave the chest with Ren and the girl should either of them prove resistant. "He expects her to be dressed appropriately." Hux flicked one glance down her frame - the worn, mismatched scraps of clothing which made up her beige ensemble - and sneered. If anything, the sight of her made this debacle all the more exasperating. He turned on his heel and left, washing his hands of them both. Rey remained immobile under Ren's spell but she did manage to blast a hole in the front door behind his head. She repeated the incantation over and over and over in her mind - d eprimodeprimodeprimodeprimo deprimo - until the wind rushed from her body and tore through the foyer. Wandless magic was unreliable and this spell was no different. She'd wanted to hurt him. He did not even flinch. Dusting the splinters of wood from his cowl, Ren tilted his head up at her and crossed the room. He removed his mask and carried it under his arm, joining her in the corridor. "If you attacked Chief Warlock Hux he would have retaliated," he informed her unapologetically, gaze sweeping the floor for the wand he'd charmed out of her hand. "The result would have displeased Lord Snoke." Ren released her from the spell, and watched the muscles of her arms and throat contract as she regained control over her body. He held out the wand to her and she snatched it from him with barely restrained fury. The wood slid through the leather of his gloved fingertips. "I wasn't aiming for him. " "He would have taken you to the Supreme Leader." And Hux would not hesitate to cause her pain, or compel her to obey. Not out of any loyalty to Ren, of course, but because he would view it as the most practical course of action to subdue her. He had nothing invested in her. "And what are you planning to do?" Today, tomorrow, was she supposed to be grateful? "What is the First Order doing now? What are they doing to Finn? I heard you talking about him," she didn't hear everything, only the phrases 'blood traitor' and 'infiltrate', which was enough to distract her. "I have no idea." Rey remembered the last time he said that. Months ago. "If they had Finn, you would know." Ren inclined his head. "Does that comfort you?" It was as close to an acknowledgment as he was willing to come. "You are very fond of that traitor." His voice was unreadable. His eyes were not and she felt uncomfortable under his scrutiny. It made her mad. "He has a name." And so do I. She didn't really like it when Ren said her name but somehow it was worse to stand still, unable to move or speak, listening to the two most hated wizards of the First Order talk about her like she wasn't there. They said 'the girl' the way someone might say 'the dog'. It reminded her of the other things he called her. "I'm not your apprentice." "Not yet." Not ever. "Do you really think you can change my mind in a day?" Ren didn't answer. Notes: Thank you for the encouraging comments and feedback, everyone! :D You are so amazing and motivate me. Next chapter, patronus! Snoke being a creep! Kylo Ren being forced to make a choice we all knew was coming. Possible near death experience and subsequent fun times for my favorite dysfunctional people. I know this is the slowest of slow, slow, slow burns... BUT WE ARE GETTING CLOSE. SO CLOSE. I PROMISE. Thank you for hanging on!