Nar Shadda The atmo of Nar Shaadda is greasy with pollutant, even when piped through the filters of the hired skiff. Rey alternates between shallow breaths through her nose and attempts at convincing herself it was all going to be worth it, just wait —as she slips quietly through the crowd milling out of the now-landed craft. The gangway bridging the skiff and the platform of the station is teeming. None of the passengers seem surprised by the thickness of the air, hanging limp and tinged with a chemical tang that makes Rey’s eyes water. Squinting against the filthy breeze makes the whole street into a smear of neon adverts and leering faces. The Smuggler’s Moon is every bit as foreboding as she had been assured it would be. The dingy fog makes it difficult to see anything beyond the block she had been deposited upon, crammed as it was with crumbling scrapers and floating holo projectors. Barges, skiffs, and other low atmo transport choke the sky and obscure what little the smog did not. It is impossible to tell from her vantage point even what district she was standing in. Undeterred, Rey tips up her chin and strides toward the highest building in the skyline knowing that a clear place to meditate will serve to orient her. Once she establishes the general lay of the city, searching in earnest will be much easier. She hadn’t made it to the end of the row of dilapidated storefronts when a young Nikto blocks her path. His scaly face splits into a smile as he points ominously toward something behind her. Rey has no time to react. A rough tug on her scalp makes Rey shout in pained surprise. Her thoughts scatter as she is pulled cruelly off-balance. The burning pressure is gone as soon as it appears and her head feels strangely light as it snaps forward again, sending her skidding on hands and knees to the grimy pavers. Stunned and blinking tears from her eyes, Rey feels something feather her nape and cheeks. Bringing a hand up to swat at the strange sensation, she is stunned to find a jagged lock of her own hair between her fingers. Disbelief floods her system as she leaps up, one hand still in her ravaged hair, and launches herself after the sound of pounding feet. The force burbles up instantly, until she can feel it curling under her palms and between her fingers. The latent potential is like static hovering in her hands waiting for her will. Her saber, similarly, is a familiar weight across her back. As she weaves through the crowd—trailing the disruption the thief creates as he shoves ruthlessly past—Rey reminds herself that her mission requires secrecy. On a planet of pirates, smugglers, and thieves, she will find no welcome as a Jedi. She is left with simpler methods for stopping the thief. Shouting in the handful of languages she knows passably, predictably, does nothing to persuade the thief to stop. Tearing as quickly as she can through the crowd, she rounds a corner fast enough to see a second Nikto barrel headlong into a dug-out entranceway, the length of her braid swaying from his fist. “Stop him!” Rey calls out at the pair of Gamorreans flanking the doorway. They give no indication that they hear or understand her frantic Basic, but grunt angrily as she approaches. She squeezes past their bulk without slowing, ducking under their arms and into the gloom. The uneven steps give way quickly to a long hall, laserlight streaming in irregularly from the opposite end. The strobing light makes the graffiti crammed onto every available surface of the crowded tunnel pulse. Rey again ignores the urge to reach for the hilt tucked at her waist, eyes skimming briefly over the scrawled Huttese as she chases the flashing silhouette of the Nikto. Pounding music and low light make the interior of the cantina nearly impossible to navigate. Yet Rey pushes on, still calling out after the thief she can no longer see, her voice swallowed instantly by the riot of sound and movement around her. The Nikto melted into the packed dance floor, somewhere in the direction of the bar. Pressing deeper into the crowd, Rey spins, searching for some sign of him. Faintly she hears an electronic voice crooning as Aurebesh numerals flash on the smoke clogging the ceiling. The music crescendos with a shivering high note, the throb of it shaking the crowd as the flashing countdown scrolls ZERO 0 ZERO 0 ZERO . Bodies press in, blocking her path entirely. Any hope of finding him was shrinking fast. Rey quickly weighs her options. The likelihood of a force sensitive being nearby is relatively low—the probability of one both nearby and attuned enough to detect her sweeping the room is miniscule. Breathing deeply, Rey reaches for focus and instead feels her vision skew as the lights cut out entirely with a fizzling hum. All around her dancers begin to shout excitedly. Eyes rolling up as her limbs became weightless, Rey finds the source of the loud hissing. Glittering vials of some faintly glowing, gaseous mixture shimmer in the net of tubing overhead, countless valves leaking a thick haze onto the crowd. The floor tilts under her feet as Rey stumbles deeper into the cantina. A new spectrum of laserlight flashes on overhead, washing the crowd into blue-black-violet that trails their dancing limbs in meteoric tails. Determined, she lurches still toward the bar at the far side of the throng, blinking and coughing. A glimpse of the thief’s spiny frill makes her pause, struggling to focus as the blue mist eddies, suspended and glittering in the dark. Her hair, hacked into uneven angles, crowds her vision further and Rey shakes her head desperately—but the room only spins faster. The low thrumming of the song twists strangely in her ears as she her body heaves the last handful of steps off of the dance floor. Gasping, Rey scans the tiered booths and bartops. There is no sign of the damned Nikto’s green scales, or of her stolen braid. Defeated, dazed, and angry, Rey readies herself to turn back when she feels her gaze jolt back to a face two storeys above. Ben Solo, unmistakable even in the murky light of the cantina, sits with his long legs splayed as if the booth he lounges in were a throne. The stem of a hookah pipe caught in his fingers, he bows his head low to speak with a stooped Ithorian. Then his posture shifts, tenses. Rey feels a stir in the force as he stands and scans the crowd. Breath suddenly short, Rey shifts a half-step back before a brush against her mind heralds the inevitable. In the next instant, Ben’s gaze and focus slams into hers. Rey? She can hear his surprised voice, oddly loud in her mind. Eyes screwed shut against the abnormal volume of his presence, she faintly replies, Leave me alone. She can feel more than hear his reaction to that, the low sound of his frustration and disbelief grating along her nerves. A particularly colorful Coreliean oath, and then: Stay where you are. He might as well have dared her to turn back to the churning crowd. Rey twists in place, poised to disappear back into the fog still crawling over the dance floor when a familiar signature stirs the force around her. Her already sluggish body sways for the second it takes him to overtake her. One hand clamps on her upper arm, and a voice Rey had not heard in nearly a decade growls in her ear. “What in the pit are you doing in a spice den?” Jerking at his hold, Rey squints up at him. Why was he so kriffing tall? “I didn’t mean to wind up in a spice den.” As he crowds her toward the bar portion of the cantina, he drawls, “Of course not.” Huffing, she fights the sudden vertigo she feels as his voice echoes first in her mind and then in her ears. It is like static in a commlink, or feedback on a holo. “It’s not your concern. I’m on—“ Rey began, and had to pause to swallow at the gorge that climbs her throat. Once the immediate threat of embarrassing herself any further passes, she tries again. Blowing out a harsh lungful of air, Rey meets Ben’s dark eyes and says defiantly, “M’on a mission.” His expression warps into one of concern at her slurring. A thumb tugs on the ridge of her cheek as her face is tipped into what light could be found overhead. “Where were you when they sprayed that shit?” She’s dosed. Her pupils are blown. Water. She needs water and— “I want my hair back. Not water.” Scowling as deeply as she is able, Rey squirms until her chin is free and spits, “Some Nikto stole my braid. Of all the things to do.” Ben seems inordinately disturbed by that. His face clouds even further, which Rey hadn’t expected was possible. “You chased a thief into a Hutt cantina over your—“ His mouth becomes a bloodless line as he stops himself from whatever he was about to say. Instead he hoists her into a booth and presses into her side until she curls as near to the wall as is possible. Passing her a shallow glass, he barks, “Drink.” Rey sniffs at the liquid, then sips it slowly. The cool water makes the pounding of her temples fade to something manageable. Pressing the glass into her cheek, Rey sighs in relief. Ben slides onto the bench across the table, overfilling the dim corner with his broad shoulders and disapproving stare. Without preamble, he asks: “What are you doing on Smuggler’s Moon?” Flippantly, Rey replies, “Being robbed and drugged, apparently.” What little calm remains in Ben’s features evaporates. He bites out roughly, deliberately, “ Where is your Master ?” “You’ve been gone a long time, Ben.” Rey snipes back, “Don’t feign any concern about that now.” Ben works his jaw furiously and Rey nurses her revived headache in the tense silence that follows. One of his long fingers stabs the tabletop as he says at last, “Even Skywalker wouldn’t send a padawan into Hutt space on a mission.” Before she can do more than glower, he demands again: “What are you really doing here?” Dropping the now empty glass with a pointed clatter, Rey leverages herself toward the edge of the bench wordlessly. The arrival of a female Twi’lek, however, stops her escape short. The tolian pours herself into the booth, sidling up to Ben’s taller frame. “Kylo,” she rasps, “Do you have anything for me?” The change in his entire demeanor is staggering. A crooked smile so broad tips the corners of his eyes transforms his face—and for a second he’s the boy she once knew. Then he slides a packet of something crystalline from his jacket into the girl’s waiting hand. Rey feels her heart flip strangely in her chest at the sight. “When have I ever let you down, Vol?” A blissful smile lights the near-human’s face and she skims one yellow finger along Ben’s jaw before tapping his chin. “Never,” she purrs. As she scoops a handful of credits out of her cleavage, the Twi’lek’s amber eyes trace over Rey. “Hello, precious.” “Sweet isn’t she?” Ben mutters. “Core-worlder, fresh from the barge. Stumbled in by mistake.” The way he emphasizes Core makes Vol blink, the force he’s imbued there sinking reluctantly into her mind. But then she’s nodding, “What a pretty, painted face she has. Good bones. Healthy.” There’s no aggression in her tone, but the way the Twi’lek stares that the glamour powder pressed into Rey’s throat and hairline and rattles plain compliments makes Rey apprehensive. Flicking one of her lekku to rest over her thin shoulder, Vol cocks her head. “She’d go to the Hutt for far more than you’re making slinging spice, pretty boy. Less work for you, too.” Grinning a toothy, alien smile up at Ben, she urges, “Think about it. You know where to find me.” Tucking the glittering powder into her boot, Vol waves and slinks into the dancing mass below their seats before Ben—before Kylo can respond. For a long moment, Rey is stunned into silence. Then, angrily she hisses, “Did you just discuss selling me to a slaver ?” Ben has the gall to laugh dryly, without humor. “Scandalized? You’re in the worst damn district of a planet of smugglers, spice dealers, and worse.” Eyes narrowed, he leans in to murmur, “Be glad they’ve no idea you’re a Jedi. That thief paid you a favor by hacking off your padawan braid. You’d be dead by now, if he hadn’t.” It fills Rey with satisfaction unbecoming of her training to grin up into Ben Solo’s thunderous expression and say: “I’m a Knight. I have no Master and that fool Nikto—“ “Got the better of you, Knight .” He enunciates until the word seems absurd, an insult rather than a distinction. “Lucky that you had the sense to conceal your saber, or it would be gone as well.” Shifting unconsciously, Rey reassures herself with the familiar weight of her weapon as it rolls down the small of her back. Damned thing , she thinks venomously and realizes belatedly that Ben must have heard. The drug-laced mist had shredded her mental barriers. Not that they had ever repelled Ben with any real effectiveness. “The saber.” He searches her face, debating delving further. He would meet little resistance, she thinks bitterly. Rey can feel him turn the information over and over again at the fringe of her mind. “What about it?” he mutters half to himself but does not pry into her thoughts. Relieved, and begrudgingly unsurprised that Ben had left her with her secrets, Rey sags back into her seat. Surveying the crowd with a critical eye, she considers her options. She could leave, try to navigate a literal criminal world alone—a prospect that, initially, hadn’t seemed so daunting, but has proven to be much different than she had anticipated. She could turn back entirely. Her commlink would make hailing a retreat possible, with pride sore but still bodily intact. Or , Rey thought, she could compromise. Adapt. Pulling again at the ravaged ends of her hair, Rey ventured, “If I tell you, will you help me?” Eyes still trained on her profile, Ben asks, “Will you abandon the mission, if I say no?” When Rey dimples, Ben can predict what will follow her smile and sighs. “Of course you won’t.” Unfolding himself to his full height, he says rather than answer, “Follow me.” Chapter 2 : Neon Night The district that Ben leads her into is, unbelievably, even more encrusted with neon than any of the others Rey had yet seen. The adverts burn bright in the drizzle that moved in with the start of the nightcycle. Their reflections are multiplied in the pools of greasy rain until the street far below is like a gaudy starfield of flashing suns. When she finds herself struck with fascination at the sight, Rey drags in a breath through her nose. All she needs is some concentration to burn off the spice still clouding her system. But the reassuring calm of the force hovers just outside her grasp. She visualizes it, swirling like a mirage in the stray light of the polluted sky. It ebbs around her, and she can nearly see a halo of frustration bloom from her temples as it shies away yet again. “It’s no use.” Ben says from a few steps ahead, striding out onto a gutted sky bridge. Rey can feel the gruff familiarity of his mind as it winds around her own, probing something. It’s gone as quickly as it appeared. “Telepathic ability is a side effect of glitterstim.” Rey crushes her eyes shut against the pounding in her head. “I already had that.” She rubs roughly at her hairline. “All I have now is a splitting headache.” Ben hitches one wide shoulder and nods. “You’re fighting it. It’s making for a strange reaction. It should dissipate by morning.” She was always strongest in that realm of the force. It flowed naturally in her. Now it’s amplified. “I can hardly tell what you’re saying and which are your thoughts.” Rey confesses, feeling queasy. The after effect of the drug is less painful than it is deeply uncomfortable. She feels jumbled; like crossed wiring, sparks jumping and coursing in all the wrong directions. Ben just nods again, distractedly. Rey can see that he recalls the memory of her face— when she was ten and freckled and enthralled by him. Her big eyes and wide smile. Affection that runs bone-deep, until it’s an ache. Until her signature in the force is familiar as his own. She’s bright as a star. The thoughts she chirps out into the force around them, innocently, are just an extension of all that he knows as little Rey. Suddenly, she’s sixteen. A stranger. Face familiar but mind locked away behind an elegant defense. Guileless still, but poised. Collected. Not a single star but a little cosmos — The thread of recollection snaps, and Rey can feel him tense. His eyes are impossible to decipher when he flashes a look back over his shoulder. Rey considers an apology, even if she hadn’t intended to intrude. Instead she nudges the half-formed thought toward him. Something recedes in Ben’s gaze, flicks to something over her shoulder, and then he turns away again. A sharp turn later he stops short and loops an arm behind her so that her smaller frame is eclipsed by his. He taps out a series of commands on a wall-mounted panel, eyeing a nearby Ishi Tib. Leaning down he thinks to her—she’s sure this time, because she can feel him there in her thoughts, closer even than the sensation of his breath on her neck— Play along . Then his hands slide into her hair and she doesn’t have to feign the sound that spills out of her. The twinned sensations of his touch and the echo of it in their shared thoughts are intense. A feedback loop of pleasure. She scarcely notices when Ben walks her backward, face pressed into the column of her throat. Instead she feels the fan of his breath against her ear, the hands that move to fist into the material at her waist. The fabric strains and her hypersensitive skin magnifies the thrill of it. Rey feels herself shiver, chokes on a gasp when his lips brush a faint kiss against her collarbone, murmuring something as the door slides shut in their wake. Behind her eyelids she remembers— Ben Solo, always a span taller and a parsec ahead. The shape of his broad back and the curve of his smirk. His hair, shorter and curling on his brow as he bends to tease her. Devotion floods her childish heart, overfills it. He’s so perfect. The other padawans trailing in his wake as he moves smoothly through the forms. Eyes trained on him, always always always, she works and waits and hopes. He’s everything she is not and all she wants — “Rey.” He groans, forehead pressed against hers. His voice is raw but his eyes are open and searching hers. Clearing his throat, he draws back and explains, “The Hutt has eyes everywhere.” An image of the Ishi Tib flashes between them. They can’t know what you are. What I am? she wonders with a tinge of bitterness. Hands braced on the wall at her back, Rey surveys the room rather than reply aloud. It’s not tidy. Bits of machinery clutter every surface with discarded cartons of food and balled-up clothing filling what space is left. The contrast of it with what she remembers of his quarters in the praxeum is jarring. The faint scent of hookah smoke clings to her hair, its unfamiliar tang drawing her thoughts back to the man. He’s standing rigidly, leather jacket discarded, far as he can retreat from her in the small space. In the even lighting of his apartment, she can see that he’s someone else entirely. He’s taller than she remembered, towering even with his shoulders curved in as they are. More muscular, and thinner too—somehow at once. A new scar divides his face, cheek to opposite brow. Frown lines bracket his mouth. Paired blasters hang from his hip in place of his distinctive saber. No sign is left of his time in the Order, now. He’s nothing like the boy I knew. She hears him take her in as well. The glitterstim makes it easy as breathing, skimming the thoughts from his head. He’s surprised by the sight of her without her robes and braid. She seems older and the realization sits uneasily with him. The asymmetry of her hair, shorn above the shoulder, adds to the effect. It flies from her temples but sharpens her cheekbones with its shadows—she’s fair-faced and fine-boned. And painted , he thinks, like a queen of Naboo . The glamour powder she’d bought on a whim, for a disguise she’d reasoned, makes her skin glow gold. Thick pigment is streaked beneath her eyes, and with it they shine starkly green in a way he had forgotten they could. He thinks she looks like she’s pretending. Whether he means that she is pretending to be a Core worlder—or at being a Jedi Knight—is unclear. Either is enough to sour the moment. The urge to rub the cosmetics away, which had risen steadily as he studied them, drains away as her temper flares. Beneath her borrowed tunic, holstered in the belt she had made for herself is proof she isn’t pretending at Knighthood. Drawing her saber and leveling it with the floor in a loose grip, Rey flicks it to life. It screeches, stretches at either end until an uneven staff is flickering in her fist. Its green glow fills the small apartment with light brighter than the neon outside. Ben tilts his head, studying the sight of it. “It’s unstable.” Rey grudgingly explains, “I can’t divide the crystal’s beam evenly.” Arms crossed, he watches the blades sputter and surge. “Where is the cyan?” She knows he means the heirloom saber she had been trained with, at the praxeum. His thoughts turn and she sees herself flying through an acrobatic exercise, a smudge of blue and dun in her padawan robes. She’s watching herself from the observation deck above the training grounds. Luke is standing beside her—no, beside Ben—speaking lowly, in that earnest way of his. It’s unnatural . Anger wells up in their chest at Master’s words. The disapproval in his tone reverberates through the memory. A deep frown overtakes Rey’s face. “That saber wasn’t mine. This crystal that called to me.” He turns away, expression shuttered even before she can ask, “Unnatural?” “Leave it.” “If it was about me—“ “It wasn’t.” Shaking his head and scrolling through the holoscreen, he mutters, “It hardly matters now.” The screen flashes on, schematics spinning in a slow circle over the projector. It’s an ancient reference holo. The writing that denotes the various portions of the deconstructed saber are logged in a dialect so old it’s nearly unrecognizable as Basic. When she draws nearer, Rey verifies what she had already suspected. Quillions. It’s the contents of the holocron Ben had discovered during his trials. She remembers the sight of his distinctive ship dropping into low atmo. Charging from the training fields to the hangar, already certain. Ben, ragged and dirty but grinning. The irregular shape of the stone-and-metal thing he’d clutched in one hand. And in the other—amber fire split into three blades. One of them, it’s impossible to even tell which, now, severs the shared memory. Rather than address it, Rey draws up beside him for a closer look. Even as she stares at the intricacy of this method, she knows it will not teach her what she needs. “This won’t work.” Worrying the corner of one lip, Rey looks up to Ben. “I need the holocron of staves.” It takes him a moment to extrapolate from the plain statement what she means to do. She can see the instant it dawns. “No.” “It belongs to the Temple.” Pressing her hands into fists, Rey adds, “They all do. It’s Jedi knowledge, heritage—not decoration for some sleemo collector!” Ben rubs a hand roughly through his long hair. I can’t believe I have to tell her twice. “No.” “You’ve done it before, how hard could—? “ “ That was buried in a fallen Temple,” he jabs a finger at the still spinning holo image. “I beat the Hutt to it.” No theft, no attempt at sneaking into his palace on his planet. He projects pointedly, to clarify, as if she’s dim. The silence stretches between them again, her resolve matched to his exasperation. She isn’t sure how long they stand there, his arms crossed forebodingly as he stares down his long nose at her. She knows she not quite herself, the glitterstim zinging through her veins and hazing her thoughts. Still, she refuses to feel small. “I am going to get what I’ve come for,” Rey says, with finality. As if a heist of the magnitude she’s discussing will be easy—as if sheer determination will carry her through. Twisting the blade in her fist, she powers it down. Sparks shed from it hover between them for a moment, like glow flies, until they slowly wink out of existence. “You don’t—“ She feels herself stutter into the void between them. She swallows and stops herself short of making an excuse for him. An ugly emotion twists in her chest as she admits, stiltedly, “I understand that the affairs of the Order, and of a Jedi, are no longer yours—“ “I know.“ Grimly, he grits his teeth and bows his head. The force around him shudders as he presses some dark thought down, away. His eyes flick back up to hers, face still tipped down. He shifts like he would like to pace, then thinks better of it; like he is caged in by the small apartment, or by the situation. “It won’t be simple.” He knots his fingers together and grinds out the words. His stare locks onto hers and he says slowly, “But I’ll do what I can.” Rey releases a breath, nods. The familiar hush of the force flits around her, closer now than before as the drug in her system begins to fade. Relief surges in, soothing the muffled panic rising with each experience on the Smuggler’s Moon. “You’ll sleep here.” He gestures vaguely at the bunk recessed into the wall. When Rey moves to protest, Ben scowls. “You’re spice dosed and alone on Nar Shaddaa . You can sleep it off here.” He tugs a pile of crumpled linen and a battered datapad off the narrow bed, pointing at the cleared space with his elbow and offering no further discussion. Instead, he huddles all the laundry together into a rough pile and taps out a hail for a service droid. Almost immediately, a small fleet of rented mouse droids emerge from the service chute with a chime, teeming over the floor. Next Ben shoves the trash into a second, teetering pile and mutters about an incinerator somewhere in the building block as he disappears into a side room. Weighing the incomplete saberstaff in her palm for a moment longer, Rey reluctantly sets it onto the spot he has cleared on the workbench. The silver shape of it among his things makes her wonder fleetingly what he has done with his own. The quillion instructions were still stored in his files, she reasons as she tugs off her belt and shoes. But she sees nothing else to indicate he is anything more now than what he claims to be. A smuggler. A former Jedi and exile, he may be, but there is no visible sign. Thoughts still spinning, Rey crawls up the rungs mounted on the wall until she’s perched in the unit’s only bunk. Once she’s maneuvered so that her flushed cheek is pressed close to the cooler metal of the viewport that lines the space, she studies the city beyond instead. Soon, the still-bustling skyways beyond blur as she fades into sleep.