It was a normal night like any other, Finn and Poe cuddled next to each other as they slept. It's been a few weeks since Finn has been dubbed 'force-sensitive' and been put through extensive training. He can say for a fact that he can now move most objects at will, amongst some other things. It's also been a while since him and Poe started dating and even started living together. It wasn't a surprise to many, much to their own shock at how obvious it was. Both were happy with it, blissfully plaguing each other's thoughts. Finn shifted, nuzzling into Poe's neck as his arms tightened around his waist. Finn hummed in his sleep, responding to the images inside his closed eyes. His head was between Poe's legs, kissing his thighs and rubbing circles into his lower back with his thumbs. Poe was making cute, little noises as he watched Finn; his eyes hooded and clouded with lust. Finn grinned as he pressed a kiss against his erection, trapped in the fabric of his boxers. Finn's name slipped off the pilot's lips, desperately urging him to hurry. Obliging, he pulled down his boxers, kissing the tip of his cock and throwing a look at Poe. Finn mumbled something in his sleep, subconsciously grinding his hips gently against the other man. Poe woke up to Finn's hot breath against his ear, smiling as moving back against his warm body. He let out a suppressed gasp, feeling a sudden strike of pleasure through his groin. He whimpered, blushing as he was afraid to wake up his partner. He squirmed, trying to wiggle his way out of Finn's grip only to let out a startled squeak as he was pulled back against him. Fuck, oh no, this was bad. He really didn't want to wake Finn up because he popped a boner. Poe panted, writhing as he felt more pressure on his aching cock. He pressed back against Finn, letting out a sigh of relief as he moved his arms to his waist. With that, he pulled him flush against his hips. Poe breath hitched as he felt Finn's hard-on against him, thoughts getting stopped at another jolt of pleasure. He moaned embarrassingly loud as he was caught off guard. He froze, feeling Finn shift and sit up a little, taking a second to regain his barings from his wet dream. "You alright, Poe?" Finn questioned, nuzzling his neck again and returning his arms to his waist. "Far from it, buddy," Poe shuddered, hips pressing back as he felt Finn's hands dangerously near his cock. "Before you ask, I woke up to a major hard-on and oh god, it's being persistent like someone's touching it" he admitted, letting his eyes flutter shut for a moment. Finn tensed and let out a chuckle. "Oh shit, sorry. I didn't realize a dream would do that to you," he chuckled sleepily, rubbing his inner thighs relaxingly, not knowing the havoc it was causing Poe. "Yeah? What was it about?" Poe got out between controlled breaths. Finn took a moment to kiss the back of his neck and collecting his memories from the dream. "You wanna know? I had you on the bed. Nice and spread out with nothing but boxers," Finn purred, catching the hint of how fucked up Poe was. He muttered a swear, placing a hand on Finn's and guiding it towards his member. "You were all worked up, watching me as I took my time to rub your thighs and back," his hand kept away from his groin, doing as he said and rubbing his legs slowly. Poe whined impatiently, bracing his hands on Finn's thighs as he pressed against his body. "You would say my name again and I would kiss you through the fabric, knowing you can feel me," Poe moaned as Finn swiped a thumb across his tip. Fuck, this was too good. Finn felt the other man writhe against him, small noises escaping him. "Fuck yes, what else?" Poe pryed, feeling his fingers dip into the hem of his boxers teasingly. Finn didn't respond for a moment, just placing kisses on his neck and wherever he could reach. "I licked you slowly, bottom to the top. You couldn't sit still as I touched you- as I tasted you," he traced his finger up, replicating what he did with his tongue in the dream. Poe keened, back arching desperately as he tried to gain any friction against his hard length.This time Finn moaned, feeling Poe grind on him, quite roughly too. "Ah- then I took you in my mouth, you would moan loudly with my name on your lips. Fuck, we couldn't get enough of each other," Finn cooed, wrapping his hand and slowly pumping up and down his cock. Poe bucked his hips, voice hoarse as he called out Finn's name. "I could feel you tense, the way your body told me you were close," he paused, sucking a dark hickey onto his neck from what he could reach, "God, I just wanted to taste you on my tongue." Poe moaned, the rhythm of his hips becoming faster and more erratic as he drew closer to his peak. With a loud gasp leading to a broken moan, Poe came over his hand, stomach, and bed sheets. He panted, relaxing before turning over to look at Finn. He had a smug smile on his face. "And when you came, you were the sweetest tasting thing I've ever had," Finn cooed, bringing his hand up to his mouth to lick it clean. Poe watched, face red as he did. "God you're sexy, Finn. Feel free to have wets dreams about me any night," "I'll keep that in mind."