Lighting matches just to swallow up the flame like me 1913 - one Rey had known warmth — which, she found, was vastly different from the scorching heat life had given her afterward— even if only for a few short years. Her existence hadn’t always been a searing coldness that seemed to burn her very core, but rather it was a gentle heat that nudged her heartstrings and blurred her vision so any and all memories played like static. She remembers with a certain fondness a tiny girl hugging a taller woman who in return does not recuperate the action but rather upturns her mouth so gently that to an unobservant onlooker her facial expression hadn’t changed the slightest; and yet (Rey remember very distinctly) to the girl the smile was brighter than the sun. Years later Rey would lie awake in bed, no tears left to shed, and mourn over the loss of her star. Phantom tears spilling endlessly over her face and drowning her in a sorrow she didn’t want to be saved from. Yet, she could not blame her mother. It was Rey’s incompetence that pushed her away; and the love she thought was so necessary had actually be suffocating— that was, in the words of her mother. When her mother left, despite Rey’s pleas to be better, she pat her daughter’s head good-bye and walked off to a fancy gray flivver with a man whose eyes were covered by shades. She didn’t look back. Not even when Rey had slipped out of The Woman’s grasp and began to chase after her in a desperate attempt to win her back. As the car rounded the corner Rey fell and did not get back up. [x] 1919 - Six The Woman, a nickname Rey had given her caretaker when she was younger, was an old soul whose eyes had seen the world at it’s most primal state and had survived. She told stories of a movement where Women had to battle for their rights, and only recently had it come to an end. The end being the official documented date, and regularly The Woman would warn Rey that though it may seem over it never truly was. People like Rey would be swallowed alive, and would only come back up after the darkness had blackened her heart like a singularity. . . . . As she walked home quickly from school the next day — definitely not in fear of the baddies lining the street — a flyer for martial art classes appeared and never before had Rey been so intrigued and afraid. [x] 1928 - Fifteen It was okay to be alone, she decided. Solitude meant there would be no one harassing her about the lack of femininity she possessed, or consider her to be of the weaker sex. The terrible taunts thrown her way were as useful to a deaf person as they were to her, and her scalp no longer felt sore from incessant tugging by the grubby hands of boys. Rey didn’t have to listen to gossip, or go out to social events with people who hated her (She knew for a fact they would.); and the secrets that would have been shared between her best friends and herself were nonexistent — it was for the best. . . . . . Still, there was a selfish part of her that wanted all of that and more. Wanted to feel the humiliation of having crushes on boys who couldn’t articulate their feelings, and longed for the pain that friendships brought. When such thoughts occurred however, she would slap herself awake and be reminded why exactly she couldn’t have that. No, didn’t deserve to have such a relationship. (Even if the reasoning was a little bit fuzzy and misconstrued.) [x] 1929 ; February - Sixteen The cool feel of metal beneath her fingers calmed her in a way that nothing else could, and placated her soul into submission. It was something tangible and real and would not leave her at any given moment as if to say, “You’re no longer worth my time. You never were.” Even though the tools she possessed and the knowledge she gained could never betray her, the same could not be said for her job. A job that paid less than minimum wage, and would surely be the end of her - no, was the end of her. (If her sudden lack of schooling meant said anything defined “the end.”) Her employer was a man whose handshake was clammy and uncertain in his decision, and like clockwork wore the same two ties one after the other. She never asked him why, and quite frankly didn’t want to know. To hear about the man’s personal life would mean she’d allowed herself to forge a connection, and that was irresponsible. But when she heard of his wife’s passing, and how his son had left him for a girl who was due for Germany — “I love her, Pa. I-I know this is how you felt about Ma. Please, just let me go. I’m nothing without her,” and really she didn’t want to eavesdrop, but they were practically yelling at one another — Rey couldn’t help but sympathize for him. She didn’t feel pity for that would be putting him beneath her, but when he showed up to work the next day in a different color tie she didn’t mention it. She had her own priorities, and a rapidly aging woman whose coughs were no longer dry but wet and red with blood. [x] 1929 ; November - Sixteen The week following the departure of her mother, Rey swore never to cry again. However, that resolution almost came crumbling down as her boss laid her off and shut down his mechanic shop. She knew why he did it — WALL ST. IN PANIC AS STOCK MARKET CRASHES — but it didn’t stop her from resenting the situation. He didn’t say good-bye, didn’t congratulate her on a job well done, and didn’t look her in the eye as he pressed the final paycheck into her hand. She could only stare at him in angry confusion, but his face was downcast and she could see the emotions he’s kept hidden inside swirling on his face like a galaxy. Rey was stunned, didn’t know how to respond to such a personal display of emotion, and the man as if sensing her discomfort closed his eyes with a smile and whispered something under his breath before turning around and leaving. The paper in her hand felt heavy, and it might as well have been a legacy for he burdened her with the task to fulfill his last wish. “Do not let darkness consume you like it has me.” [x] 1931 - Eighteen Rey set down a pair scissors next to a cut up newspaper, and sighed in resignation. The musky scent of dead things dulled the fragrance of the air, and additionally did not help the coughing fit that came right after. The two cents it had cost her to purchase the newspaper was nothing compared to the weight in her heart when buying it. Rey knew what she would find when turning to the obituary page, she had written it after all, but to see it in print meant something so much more. The name Vara Navarr was printed in a bold font; underneath it held three sentences that described who she was — as if she could be summarized fully in forty-five words — and below that, two dates. One that represented her birth, and the other her death. Very carefully she tapped the article next to a similar one and slowly, almost reverently, she traced her fingers over the fine print. Keeping her promise Rey did not cry, but something broke within her, a feat she didn’t even know could be done, and so silently she screamed. . . . . . . . . . . The light from the morning dawn seeped through the blinds and Rey was unsurprised to note that while time had seemed to slow it most certainly did not stop — not even in the wake of a tragedy. [x] 1932 - Nineteen A scavenger. It was the job title she held, and while not glamorous in name it certainly kept her alive, if only barely. Everyday at exactly six-forty-five Rey would walk into the Junk Yard, Jakku, with a gloves on her hands and overalls that were one size too big; the plain white shirt she wore was tinted yellow and had various grease stains that never came off in the wash. Despite that however, she felt safe in it; it was familiar. “Get back here!” Rey didn’t have enough time to react as a man came crashing toward her, his face the picture of regret the moment they collided. Her back hit the ground hard and he came tumbling after, trying his best not to put his full weight on top of her. The man quickly pushed himself off her and held his head down low in utter defeat. She watched as an array of emotions crossed his features, and took notice how vulnerable he looked with such an open expression. They both picked themselves off the ground and stood there in awkward silence, neither one knowing what to do. He was the first to break the silence and for that Rey was internally grateful, “I-I’m sorry m’am. I was looking for my cat - well, not my cat really. My friends cat and I —.” He was rambling but Rey didn’t mind. She was more entranced by the way his mouth moved in rapid succession and how utterly afraid he was, as if talking to her was a sin and he couldn’t repent. She knew why he thought himself to be of lower status than her, despite all indications that she was of equal or lesser value than him, and it fueled an anger inside her that she didn’t know could be ignited. His skin was dark, and his mouth was full not only with apologies but in appearance too. The man’s hair was cut short and he wore a brown suit jacket with a white handkerchief that had a red circular looking emblem sewn on. The jacket looked worn from wear, but suited him rather nicely if not for the blood staining it. “— and so then I was chasing the darn cat, which lead me here.” He took a gulp of air and watched Rey with an intensity she wasn’t expecting. However, she didn’t dignify his explanation — which really, he didn’t need to do — with an answer and instead brought her hand to his left temple where she found her fingers sticky with blood. His eyes widened at the sight and brought his own hand to his head to look at the substance himself. “Are you okay?” He looked at her oddly, as if not expecting her first words to him to be something so kind. It jolted a realization and a kind of resentment bubbled up in her throat but silently she kept her emotions at bay. “I’m, uh, fine,” she gave him a knowing look and reluctantly he sighed coming to terms with the fact that she knew how he felt, but decided to change the topic despite that, “Have you seen the cat?” She shook her head no, but as she did so a soft meow was heard from behind large piece of metal. With quiet movements she removed the offending piece and before her stood the roundest one-eyed cat she’d ever seen. Its fur was white with orange splotches and had one large black eye on the right side of its face. Rey looked toward the man with a questioning glance and he exhaled a sigh of relief. With a smile the cat jumped down from where it sat previously and began walking circles around her feet, brushing its body against her legs occasionally. With unsure movements Rey crouched down, removed her gloves, and began to pet the cat’s head tentatively, not knowing if it would appreciate her affections. It did however and began to purr as it nuzzled its head against her palm. “How’d you do that?” Her eyes moved up to the man who held a shocked but gentle look in his eyes. “BB only let me pet her after Poe —.” His voice caught on itself and she wondered what kind of man someone would have to be in order to make him choke on a sob. Dealing with crying men wasn’t her forte and so she stood there clumsily and watched as the man before her broke down. BB, as if sensing his distress, left her side to rub against him and meowed quietly. He smiled through his tears began to stroke its head even though his hands began to shake. As he finally regained his composure he gave her a small smile and answered a question she knew was too rude to ask. “Poe was the man that saved my life.” . . . . . . . . He held her hand as gun shots rained down around them. She argued with him about its necessity, how she didn’t need his help, but the look on his face indicated that the act wasn’t for her - it was for him. Her plan had initially been to hijack one of the classier looking cars, but as bullets made target practice of it she decided that the old piece of junk by the front would have to do. The man, whose name she’d come to learn as Finn, was heaving in panic but as she steered them away from the the baddies she noticed that despite his outward disposition he held a gun (which really, she had no idea he had) with an iron grip, never faltering, and never pulling the trigger so long as he could afford not to. But as the first true shot rang out, and the car behind them went up in flames, Rey noticed a haunted look in his gaze. It took all of her willpower not to watch as the man before her seemed to die a little. [x] 1934 ; August - Twenty-one Rey and Finn lived in relative peace. They were two entities united by the mutual loathing of their peers, and whose differing opinions seemed to keep them at a respectable distance. Rey saw people as fragments of what they would like to be, while Finn looked at them as monsters with smiles that could tear flesh. They did not always agree, but they respected each other, and really that was all either of them needed. He was hardened by society and their lack of expectation of him, and would flee the moment something would go awry. Finn did not want to be confined by her, by peers, by anyone. She came to the realization that perhaps one day she’ll wake up to find him gone, and not even a note to say good-bye. She wasn’t dreaming his eventual departure, she was expecting it. It was not with ill-intent that he would do so however. Many a time he had asked her to run away with him; away from people whose stares could melt steel beams, and spit was like acid. She had refused each and every time, but secretly in her heart Rey knows that one day he’ll get fed up with her and abandon two years worth of friendship. Still, she would not blame him. . . . . . . . . Rey blamed Finn, and his insatiable need to run, for their capture. If they had not pulled out the old clunker of a car, whose license plate was not theirs and was undoubtedly illegal, then perhaps they would not have been flagged down by an aging old man and a hairy (intimidating) looking partner. She played innocent of course, not knowing what to expect from the aging men, but as the man with graying old hair smiled a smile that could disarm even the toughest person Rey knew she would be fine. The man introduced himself as Han Solo, a name she’d never thought she’d hear from the source; and although she could not see her own reaction, she could guess that the stars were in her eyes and a gleam of hope seemed to spur within her. However, she reminded herself not set her expectations too high for disappointment was always sure follow. She was not wrong. [ - - - ] After she joined the resistance Rey heard rumors about him. A boy whose thoughts were too loud, and too dark to be considered good, barricading him from the protection the light offered. She didn’t know him personally, but often she’d think of him as a misunderstood child in a world full of adults. When asked the question, “What did you do to help?” they had simply stared at her in disbelief, eyes wide and mouths opened, it was as if she had spoken in a language unknown to them. They had painted him to be a monster, and she was certain he was, but really they were no better themselves. [ x ] 1934 - September ; Twenty-one The First Order had destroyed the Republic’s federal building; killing one-hundred and thirty-two civilians, and twenty-eight members of legislature. “They’re planning an attack by the construction of the Golden Gate Bridge,” a feminine voice called out, “We need to stop them.” A round of agreeing murmurs filled the room with noise, but it was just that. Noise. “We could ambush ‘em,” a loud voice from the back called, “Hide before they see us and finally kiss them off.” His friend slapped his back in pride, and Rey could see his chest swelling with every new praise. She rolled her eyes, knowing how bad of an idea it was, however she didn’t have to voice her own opinion for someone else did it themselves. “They would sense an attack a mile away,” he looked toward the General who seemed to agree before explaining further. “We need something different, something they would never expect.” Poe Dameron, X-wing fighter extraordinaire, stood short among a crowd of giants. He had black hair and stubble across his chin that just itched to be scratched. Rey held nothing but respect for the man, if not a little contempt. He was, after all, the man who stole Finn away from her. She knew it was inevitable — Finn’s departure, but it didn’t hurt any less, even after coming to acceptance with it. “ — So how about it Rey? You think you can handle it?” She hadn’t even heard the question but already she was nodding her head. “Of course.” . . . . . . . . . Rey remembers their first meeting in such detail that one might be inclined to think she imagined the whole thing herself. However, it was a scar that ran along her inner arm that reminded Rey that Kylo Ren, son of Leia Organa and traitor to their gang, was in fact real . He had caught her with the sound of his voice, a low rumble that made the Earth beneath her quake. “You know my mother,” it was almost a whisper — angry and sad and hurt all at the same time, “Tell me, has she spoken of her plans with you?” Resolutely she kept silent but by doing so, and Rey was fain to admit it, she gave all the information he needed. Rey could hear his smile and before she could turn around to fight, he promptly hit her head with the butt of his gun and then suddenly everything went still. “Don't fight it. You know you can't." Notes: I haven't written in quite a while and so I was trying a new style and hopefully it worked? Je ne sais pas. ; v ; I will link all the notes and little bits of information I made while creating this story at the end of chapter 2 [aka the end] and so then you'll be able to see the mad ramblings of an obsessed girl. There's a line from a poem somewhere up there, and if you can guess it umm, I will do something for you? 10/10 gg I hope you enjoyed reading it and that it lived up to your expectations. ; A ; "