Concentration Running . Running. Find him before it's too late. You don't have much longer. The ground is shaking. You're already losing balance. Can you blame yourself, though? You weren't trained for this . Not these conditions. Not having under five minutes to find the one who constantly bickers and taunts you. Keep going. You're almost there. See, he's right there, in the sn- Good heavens. There he is. He's really there. Snoke will surely be pleased to hear about this. Yes, of course he will. Get him, go on. Stop standing there, he's breathing. Go on, help him! Help him! What are you waiting for?! Hux had snapped out of his thoughts in time to hear the man who lay in the snow before him groan quietly. He felt his heart rate pick up at the thought of seeing his rival so weak and vulnerable. He couldn't bear to see it, no, he just couldn't. He was embarrassed for the Knight of Ren. Ashamed, probably. The raven dictator who had been so, so...demanding, violent, powerful, and - he stopped himself from thinking it but he chose to anyway - passionate, reduced to nothing but this sorry, bleeding, wailing, and, most of all, completely vulnerable mess. He was unmasked, both metaphorically and quite literally. Reduced to this by none other than the scavenger and her traitor ally. It was a shame to see, really. The General couldn't believe he was the only one beside the scavenger and the traitor to see the imperious and towering Kylo Ren in this state. He took a step forward, gently, as if not to scare Ren. The Knight was but a small, startled, cowering animal, and with one wrong move, he could be injured by the General. Another step forward, followed by the crunch of snow under his boots. Ren groaned again, his call hoarse and strained. There was a pool of blood under his torso. The General thought he felt a sporadic ping of sympathy for the man, but he recalled that this was only his job and therefore he was not required to feel any emotion toward Ren. Yet Hux did, in fact, feel sympathy towards Kylo Ren, and he hated it. He despised it. He wanted to rid himself of this pain that happened to amass itself into the form of emotion that revolved around the wellbeing of this egotistical asshole. Hux counted his steps as he advanced towards Ren. One, two. Three, four, five. Almost there. Six. Seven. Eight. One more. Nine. Curses. Only one more step until ten. You could have taken smaller steps. How upsetting. "I would love for you to put an end to such frivolous thoughts, General," a voice inturrupted- no, intruded. Hux's already impeccable posture straightened at the noise, which, although sounding extremely weak and fleeting, was borderline threatening. "General," Ren ushered. Hux looked down at his adversary and cursed himself for not realizing that Ren had been listening to his thoughts. No wonder his headache only began when he touched down on this god forsaken planet. "Hux," Ren called once more. The General move closer and reached out to the man, his gloved fingers tracing the outline of Ren's shoulder. He was injured quite seriously. He had no medpack. He'd need to rush the Knight to the medcenter the moment they arrived back on the ship. If only he could find a way to get him there. That was the issue. Would he somehow hoist the man up and carry him? It seemed so. "You're reading my thoughts." Hux was frightened. "I am," Ren replied, in a matter-of-fact tone. General Hux huffed quietly and crouched down to where Ren was lying on the ground. "Where else are you injured?" the General did his best to question monotonously. Ren winced as a gloved hand was outstretched to trace dangerously close to the gash that ran across his pale face. "The damn Wookie shot me." Hux gave him a small look of sympathy and glanced down to Ren's side. His voice was still painfully quiet, which scared the General, if he had to be quite honest. "We have to get you back to the ship," he replied. "You're losing blood, Ren." His voice trailed off, and the world around him became quiet. Serene. Peaceful. The Knight looked to his right where all he could see was the blur of white snow stained by a deep crimson. He felt his face become warmer. He didn't want this- he never wanted to become so vulnerable and prone to his surroundings. Yet he was, and the tears came easily. First, a single tear streaming down his face, not giving any warning to the mass of tears that followed. He whimpered, and the General quickly fell to kneel close to him in the snow. "Don't...look at me," he managed to whisper. Hux brought his left hand to push Ren's dark hair out of his face. "Don't be like that, Ren. It's over, and now I must take you back to the ship, so I'd appreciate it if you for once cooperated with me and let me help you." Kylo looked away from the other man's stare. He recalled the moment when Hux had given his speech to the army of troopers, declaring the power of The First Order. He remembered the man's drive and how intensely intimidating he sounded. He realized that the man currently kneeling beside his injured body was, in fact, the same man, and he became struck with feelings of realization and apprehension. The General huffed as a sign of annoyance to Ren's hesitation, unaware of his current thoughts. Kylo sighed quietly and looked back to Hux, regretted it, and looked away. "Well, go on, General. Take me to the ship," he whispered, tears continuing to stream down his face. Hux's eyes widened, and he quickly slid one of his arms under Ren's back, pulling him up into a sitting position. This caused the Knight to wince in pain and the General haistily slid his other arm under the joint of Ren's knees. He managed to pick the man up, despite his large, and, dare he say it, muscular build. The Knight of Ren closed his eyes and hesitantly rested his head against his chest as Hux treaded as quickly as he could through the snow, trees, and the planet that crumbled beneath them. He was placed on a small cot that was not long enough to support his whole body. His feet hung off, but he was somewhat grateful to be out of the biting cold and somewhere warm. The General stood above him, and he looked down, preventing any and all unwanted eye contact between the two of them. "Thank you...General," Ren whispered, continuing to look down. Hux coughed almost automatically, covering his mouth with a balled, gloved hand. "It was only my job, Ren. There is no reason to thank me. You can thank the one that commanded I save you." Kylo Ren made a loose fist with his hand and looked up at Hux. "I wanted to thank you, General." Hux cleared his throat. "...it was my pleasure, Ren." And then Ren reached his hand out and grabbed Hux's, holding it in his own as he closed his eyes once more. The General awoke in a mess of black sheets, startled, scared, confused. It had happened again. The same vision that played out in his mind only in the latest hours of the night or the earliest hours of the morning. He did not know why he had these dreams, as they involved his most vile and egotistical...comrade. He wanted no more of these dreams. He had lived it once, and now it had stuck with him days after. He was still on the ship with Ren. He knew he had to do something about this issue but he did not know what he would do. He wanted to rid his mind of this nuisance known as Kylo Ren, yet he felt himself yearning to know more about him and why these dreams of him haunted his mind. Chapter 2 : Fixation Notes: Hux and Kylo may seem out of character in the next few chapters, but this is because Kylo is still recovering and the two of them are having to readjust and try to follow an orderly system, as their previous base has been destroyed. It's still quite hard to keep them serious and constantly annoyed with each other (!!). He had it again. From within the medcenter, Kylo Ren lay on his cot, arms crossed above his head, thinking, contemplating. General Hux had had the same dream- he was viewing the man's thoughts as he slept. He was puzzled to think that a man like Hux would have such dreams as these, let alone have any dreams at all. Ren supposed the man's stately exterior would match his interior. It didn't. Ren saw Hux for what he really was- a young man dragged into this lifestyle of constant struggle for power of the Galaxy. Hux had not ever dreamed of such a high position, let alone ever consider working for the Supreme Leader Snoke. Yet, here he was, commanding, assembling weapons of mass destruction, killing, fighting, and killing some more...and he was doing a damn good job at it. Ren had been associated with General Hux for so long, yet he never thought to consider the man's past or what had been hidden behind that obnoxious black coat. He was curious, even if he was aware thinking that particular thought sounded over-the-top cliché. Maybe under that hostile shell the General decided to enclose himself in was someone with actual human emotion. Ren had considered reading his mind so, so many times to see what the man thought of during the latest hours of night and the earliest hours of the morning. At least- he had considered reading the man's mind when he was awake. When the General was asleep and somewhat oblivious to Ren's actions, he had no qualms to being thought of as a sentimental man or such demeaning adjectives. He wanted to see the General. He wanted the man by his side, and he wanted him there now. If it had been midnight, a rational human would have waited until Hux had awoken to consult him. But, no, it was midnight and Ren was a very impatient and demanding man. He would have Hux at his bedside whenever he wanted. So he waited for the next medical droid to arrive, and he commanded it to get the general and bring him to the room. It didn't take long. Now, Hux was sitting up in his bed. He had attempted to go back to sleep after the dream, but he could not. His thoughts were preoccupied. He had heard the light tap of the droid knocking against his door, and sat up quickly. He thought it was a bit unprofessional for a medical droid to be knocking on a General's door at—he glanced at the clock beside his bed—0137, but he assumed that whoever was at the door had something somewhat important to say, and he was also quite restless, so he had no qualms to opening the door. He looked down at the droid, and was quickly led to the medcenter. He wore his black pajama shorts and button up. The medcenter door opened, and he saw Ren. The droid hurriedly walked away, and Hux was left in the room with Ren. In an enclosed and unseen space with the destructive and childlike Knight of Ren. He sighed. The General stood feet away from the small black bed Ren lay on, waiting, expecting him to call out to him. Yet, he did not. He simply faced the General with a blank expression, nearly but not quite beckoning to him. He looked at Hux, his normally brownish eyes appearing black in the darkness of the medcenter boring into him. "Don't." Hux balled his hands into fists as he annunciated the near sentence. And Ren still looked at him, and he could not stand those eyes looking into his own. So he stepped forward, slowly, and Ren waited for him. Hux didn't know why Ren did shit like this. It was childish. Disrespectful. Facetious. "Why do you walk so slowly?" Ren commented. Hux looked away and stopped at his bedside. "Don't question me." It was awkward. He wished for this silence to diminish and for Ren to put an end to his ridiculous comments. "What did you call me here for?" he asked, not leaning toward Ren but standing over him, looking down at his scarred face. Ren did not answer. He looked away, expecting his words to make their way out of his mouth, for Hux to understand, for him to redeem himself and be done with everything. He searched for the words, they did not come. His hands balled into fists and he looked back at the face of the General, his expression shadowed by the dim light from the room. He was not scowling at him, that usual expression he plastered on his face every day he worked. His gaze was not piercing, he did not look angry. Eyelashes dark from the shadows, his hair slightly messy and free of any hair product. He cursed himself for thinking that the General looked...attractive. Hux cleared his throat, a sign that Ren still had to answer his question. Ren eyed him nervously. He looked nice in his sleepwear—damn it. He was thinking again. "Ren," Hux chided. He looked at him, his eyes wide and his near black hair clinging to his forehead from perspiration. "What?" he hissed. Hux's expression did not falter. He stepped closer to the bed and kneeled down on one knee. "You called me here. I'm here." This was Ben. Ben, the gangly, awkward boy, the boy that was a total jerk but was perfectly capable of being genuinely sweet. No. No. This was Kylo Ren. The ruthless and troubled Kylo Ren. He loved no one but his grandfather and admired only his grandfather. And his colleague, Hux. He was confused. Hux was also confused because he was not replying to his question. "Yes," Ren said. "You're here." Hux sighed and ran a gloveless hand through his hair. "Is there something you require at the moment?" Ren shook his head. "No...yes. No, I...do not require anything." He looked down at his exposed torso, adorned in bacta patches and deep purple bruises. He shut his eyes tight in contemplation before opening them again and lifting his sore arm to push his bangs out of his face. "...on second thought, I...I do." Hux looked at him, their faces level to each other. "And that is?" he questioned. "I want you to stay here." Hux resisted the urge to groan. "If that is what you want–." The General turned around and pulled a black chair to the bedside. He sat down and crossed his legs. Ren could not lay on his side, for fear of disturbing the multiple wounds on his chest and stomach, so he chose to look at the wall opposite of Hux. "What is this for?" Hux asked. Ren shrugged nonchalantly. "I want company. I do not expect myself to find sleep being alone in a room such as this. You are the only other decent person on this damned ship besides myself." Hux fought between laughing and scoffing at the statement. "The only other decent person besides yourself. Huh." He gave a breathy laugh. "Good one." He rested his chin on his fist and surveyed the room. "I see your point." Ren looked away from the wall to glance back at the man beside him, and he exhaled loudly. "Do you know how long I will be like this?" Hux looked back at him. "Until you are healed." Ren sighed. "Do you know how long that will take?" Hux shook his head. "I'm not sure." Ren bit his bottom lip. He looked not at Hux's face, but he concentrated on his own thoughts. "Thank you." Hux nodded at him, but he did not see. He closed his eyes and did not go to sleep. He waited. Hux sighed for the umpteenth time and chose to close his eyes to find the sleep that was so precious and rare to him. He hoped a few hours of rest would clear his mind.