Hux had come to expect certain things. He expected the milk to always be gone right when he needed it, he expected he would always get to the library just as Kylo's annoying second cousin started his shift, and he expected Kylo would always be watching Star Wars on the couch when he got back from class. He did not expect to hear a loud, anguished cry of failure mingled with his boyfriend’s slightly unhinged laughter emanating from their apartment as he approached the door. “ STOP DREAMING ABOUT CANDY! YOU CAN EAT CANDY! IT’S REAL! ” “It’s a real thing!” He paused with his hand on the doorknob, wondering briefly if what was inside would make him wish he hadn't gone home. Only way out is through, I suppose, he thought with a sigh. Inside, Kylo sat on the couch, giggling as a colourful scene played out across the television. It seemed to be a game, being played by two offscreen men. “Ah, Dane Cook accent makes everything better.” One of the men sighed as his counterpart snickered. “It really does!” “What the hell are you watching now?” The Vader fanboy tried to gain control of his laughter and paused it. “Phasma recommended it.” He looked over the back of the couch at Hux, grinning. “It's hilarious.” “So you’re spending your time watching two grown men play a video game that looks like it was meant for preteens? What is this even on?” “Firstly, it's called a Let’s Play. Secondly, Kirby’s Dream Course would make preteens cry. And third, it’s on YouTube.” On anyone else, the face Kylo had while saying this may have been too serious, but Hux was used to his boyfriend’s strange changes in emotion. “You're using the Xbox for YouTube?” “Are you using it for anything?” “You can use your laptop for YouTube. Or your tablet. Or your phone. You're going to burn out the system using it for shit like this.” “It looks better on the TV.” “Oh, then by all means, continue.” Hux replied, flatly. “Thank you, I will.” Kylo smirked and turned back to the screen, exiting from the video to a YouTube search screen. “And just for you, I’ll start it from the beginning and you can watch with me.” Hux sighed and dropped his bag next to the door. “I have work to do, Kylo. Some of us actually go to our classes.” “Do it later. And I went to my morning lecture.” The Sith wannabe argued, swinging his legs off the couch and onto the coffee table to make room for his obviously grumpy boyfriend. “Come on, this will make you feel better, I promise. Just watch one episode.” “One episode?” “Ten minutes of your precious time.” “Fine.” Hux strode around the couch and dropped down next to Kylo unceremoniously. “Ten minutes.” Before he knew it, four episodes had passed and he’d forgotten all about the paper he had to start researching for. Notes: The episode Kylo is watching at the beginning is the end of Kirby's Dream Course Part 9 . Undeniably my favorite Grump series. It was also my introduction into Game Grumps, so nostalgia plays a part in that. If you haven't seen any Game Grumps and you like stupid humor and watching people die in stupid ways while playing video games, I highly recommend giving them a shot. This one might get a second chapter, because I originally meant to add more - namely how much Hux gets into the Grumps. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 6 of the Vader Wouldn't Have Put Up with You series Next Work →