Yours Yours. HE KNEW he was going to regret this later. Aggravating Rey was one of his more pleasant hobbies. It was just how things were between them since the start. He had known her for as long as he could remember, since they were both young padawans under Luke's tutelage. The age gap between them had never really separated them. Sure, when she was first brought to Luke's academy, he found the bubbly four-foot nothing girl awfully irritating. She had to be no older than five years, and had more than earned her name. Rey. Fitting, truly. Even now, reunited under the wholesome banner of the First Order, she never stopped being that bubbly little girl. The coarse, unforgiving, and ugly Jakku desert could never quite take that away from her. It may have made her jagged, and feisty, but her smiles could make, and if she so wished, break him. During their childhood, Rey was a persistent little thing. She would shake off his abrasive mannerisms with a grin and a tug on the tunic. He would be plopped down on his ass, mad at the world, and along would come Rey, asking, "Why the long face, Ben? Cheer up!" His face was kinda long, so he kind of took her signature innocent conversation opener to heart. "Nothing, I'm fine. Force, Rey." Liar. I mean to say that I'm glad you're here, but you'll never hear me say that because you deserve better than my company. Yet she seeks it anyway. And as the year grew on, and Ben's dark side grew, so did Rey's insistence on being his little second shadow. He played too many damn games to count with her, confided a few insecurities, and even learned how to do her trademark three-bun hairstyle for her when she was too lazy. Nevermind the nights he'd seen her off to bed, just to stay awake hours later when he knew she would come back to him later that night. Her disturbing nightmares of a pale man on a throne getting the best of her. He used to tell her they were only dreams, that she had nothing to worry about. That he would take care of anything she feared. That was before he started seeing the pale man too. Rey hadn't developed her possessive streak until a year after that. She began telling him how the Pale Man wanted to take him away from her, cause fuck Luke and the others apparently. Rey just wanted Ben at least, despite the fact she was very well liked at the Academy, her childish charms could ensnare the galaxy apparently. She always clinged to him, but now she became more aggresive with age, more independent. She told him how she wanted to be strong, like him, so she could protect them both from the ugly man. Ben just smiled, and went along. They were nigh-inseparable now, Ben accepted Rey as one of his only (as if he had others truth be told) friends. She didn't deserve to see what was coming, what Ben and the Pale Man had agreed upon him doing. Ben hated it here, resented it every single day. The teasing looks. The judging. Luke's holier-than-thou attitude. His parents fear of the "Vader in him". Ben never wanted to be a Jedi, never wanted this power. Yes, he idolized his grandfather, but his father... He wanted to explore the galaxy with Han Solo and his godfather Chewbacca, just anything but this. He barely had any family here. Luke was gone damn near everyday, building his precious Jedi Order from scratch. And he wanted Ben to be the poster boy. Fuck That. The day came where Kylo Ren, barely eighteen, destroyed his uncles progress, his life's devotion. The Knights of Ren were let loose upon the new Jedi Order, killing younglings (which he thankfully did not have to personally do) and older Padawans, his age, alike. His uncle, Skywalker, absent. No surprise. No one knew however, that Kylo Ren had betrayed not only his family and the Jedi, but also his newfound colleagues. He had tucked away a little girl, whimpering and fearful in his arms, something he and Snoke did not agree on. He let the others continue razing the place. He had gotten his fill, his own revenge against those assholes. But Rey did not need to see this, so he played the part of the heroic coward. Hero, he saved Rey from a certain death, an ugly, one. Coward, he was a liar, a traitor, and he ran away from his problems for a short time. A little girl cradled in his embrace. He told the other Knights once it was all over that he would be reporting to Snoke personally to let him know that the mission was complete. No one knew Kylo Ren was dropping his last shred of light off at the nearest backdrop world with nothing but memories of long black hair and a promise that her family would find her again, soon. Three of the hardest things he had ever done thus far were all but seen through. He had destroyed Ben Solo. Left Rey behind. Then wiped his mind clear of this betrayal. Snoke could not learn of this. No one could. His back hits the wall, shaking him out of his reverie. He was still hurt after Starkiller, so ticking off Rey was something he should have thought through a bit longer than he did. Its just that it has been so long, he wanted to test this new Rey. The feelings of loss and loneliness had caught up to him, and Rey was no longer seven. She hadn't filled out like some women, her scavenger body had been lithe and scrawny looking. It was all survival out there, and Rey learned how to do just that. She had given him quite the fight back there. Truly keeping her promise that she would get stronger to protect them both. Only now, she had given him a scar he most definitely deserved, and now a bruising kiss that left his lips burning in her wake. She had agreed to let him teach her, only for the sake of being with him again probably. He knew by now how strong Rey could end up being, her raw power was a force to be reckoned with. Turns out, all it took was a botched interrogation to awaken what he had put to rest years ago. She was so strong now, not just physically or Force-wise. She was her own person, and she could damn well do as she pleased. But she had ditched the Resistance for him, not that she owed them much anyway. He sensed she had cared for that traitor FN-2187, but he was more than likely already dead. Or not, who cares? Not Ren. "You have some nerve, getting me all worked up like this. Look what you've done now." A feminine growl in his ear, breath hot on his neck. Damn it, lost in memories again. He had spaced out again, trailing around in his mind. She was sucking on his neck now, on her tippy toes no doubt. Her hands bunched up in his uniform, seeking a way to release him from the frustrating outfit. "What?" Not his finest retort, hell, it hasn't been his finest week. "Don't play dumb Ben. " Ben. Huh. "Don't. You can't call me that." He growled out of pure frustration, she can't just break him down like that. He has worked so hard for this, to kill off Ben Solo was an unsuccessful endeavor, he could only be pacified. Rey was damn sure not helping. Rey was not so easily deterred, "I'm not calling you anything else." Her hand was shaking, she was not experienced in being the aggressor in this way it seems. Has she been with a man before? It brings a sour thought to mind, no man she get to experience this. Only him. Great, now he's doing it too. He can feel her smirk against his skin, and not for the first time does he curse this bond they share. He's laid bare, same as her, theres practically no need to lie about it, she has him wrapped around her finger. "You thought you were so funny back there. So kriffing clever, now look at me. But I guess I have to thank you, you kinda gave me what I needed. Phasma doesn't even deserve to get more than a second look at you." Here she goes, he's so certain this familiar aspect of Rey is coming back now. The childhood possessiveness had evolved into an unhealthy desire that could destroy her if she let it. The Dark Side fueled these heated emotions, made everything hazy, and Rey was always blunt and spoke her mind. This was clearly right up her alley. "I belong to no one. Me and Phasma have to associate, its in the job description." He snarled out, lip curled back in his signature show of aggression. He had to hold on to some dignity after all. "Sorry to break it to you Rey , but you don't control-" He was cut off by a kiss, another brusing, lip tagging kiss. Her teeth dug in to his bottom lip, hard. Enough to draw some blood. "Fuck." He groaned, vision getting foggy, breath getting stuck in his chest. She could ruin him here in these next few minutes, make him come right in his fucking tunic. Her hand was sliding down his body anyway, he knew where it was going. "You. Are. Mine. Mine only." She enunciated each word carefully, like he was numb in the skull and needed a firm talking to,"I remember everything." Shit . He wanted to fight this, to let her know he wasn't going to submit to her. He had endured far worse than this, scar on his face to prove it, but he knew she was one of the few (probably only) souls in this entire known galaxy he would never hurt. She was his weakness. He was hers. Think of that what you will. Her hand found him through his leggings, and she fucking grasped it, no hesitation or anything. Was this really what she wanted? Okay, shit question, but just where the hell did all this come from? Yes he was attracted to her but, but... Just, fuck. "Stop overthinking." Her firm, yet soft voice murmured against his red hot, metallic tasting lips. "You. You just-" You have too much power over me . "I know." This was happening in the hallway, where a fucking stormtrooper patrol, or Force-forbid, Hux could find them caught up like this. He came to his senses enough to ignore the feeling of grinding hips, of a soft hand working against him, so he can make a half-hearted gesture towards his quarters door console. "No, let them see this." Shit, shit, shit. A hand formerly raptured in his hair was now pinning his left to the wall, right next to the control console. He caught the look in her half-lidded eyes, full of lust, adoration, and focus. All of it on him. "I'm gonna get my lifetime's worth." And this time, as she smirked, he mirrored the action. Cause fighting Rey never worked. Chapter 2 : heat Summary: In which Kylo is challenged at a gala by a jealous Knight of Ren, and Rey see's the man she claimed as her's for what he truly is. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) heat. HE WAS TOLD TO PLAY NICE TONIGHT . Snoke's orders were clear enough, pretend to play the part of a noble, distinguished warrior in hopes that the Knights of Ren could gain much needed exposure as more than butchers of war. It was a fair enough deal, as Snoke had promised to further Kylo's training even more, which meant more power for him and his Knights. Besides, Kylo was hardly in a position to refuse his master's will, so here he was, prim and proper, hair in a proper bun (Rey wanted to push for three, no doubt another way of her marking her territory; he had to step his foot down). The mask and cowl were left in his quarters, yet his weapon, the only true sign that he was the legendary Kylo Ren, hung prime for action at his hip. Ah yes, he had to admit, this wasn't such a bad gig. The food here was free and plentiful, whereas on the Finalizer, he had to watch his eating, which could be quite the torture. He was still human damn it, Dark Side and all, and Force, a good meal was an opportunity he quickly pounced upon whenever he could. Food aside, it wasn't all that difficult to slip into the guise of a nobleman. He was after all, still the son of a princess. And as much as he hated going back on the familiar procedure of his old life, he had to admit, it came handy finally. Dark brown eyes began sweeping the room, looking for a certain fiery brunette. She was here, somewhere. It was best to keep an eye on her at all times, for she had a knack for being quite the hellion with her pranks, much to his and the other Knights chagrin. She certainly wouldn't hesitate to make all these snobs lose their shit the first chance she could get. So where did that leave him then? Shit, good question. He could leave her to it, she was subtle, and no one, aside from him and the Knights would know who the culprit was. But, he knew she was blunt, like horribly so. These people were mostly of the political sort, so their approval was quite necessary to the beneficial of the Order. Rey's lack of tact would look bad on Snoke's behalf, and that would mean Kylo would have hell to pay. These people were so judgmental, sort of like the assholes he used to school with whilst he was still a Padawan under Skywalker. They would tear Rey's shit apart in moments, and she would in turn, resort to...physicality. Most likely. To his dismay, he did not find Rey. Not a good sign by the way. Not good at all. He needed a plan, which meant he needed to draw her out, and thankfully, this was rather easy. Instantly, Kylo began looking for a curvaceous, beautiful woman, that could even make Snoke finally have his overdue heart attack. He knew Rey had at least one incredibly gaping weakness, which could also serve as her greatest strength when the situation called for it. Him. A smug smile crossed his lips, and he unconsciously brushed a rebel strand of hair away from his face, where the long scar which (guess who) Rey gave him would be. It was hidden by a Force illusion, as he doubted these prudish nerf-herders would appreciate a proper battle scar. One thing Rey couldn't resist was what she dubbed "hairplay" which was also known as "when he did shit to her, by doing shit with his hair." As he fiddled with his hair using his free hand, he carefully sipped his drink, trying to draw the attention of the opposite gender. It was definitely an interesting attempt, considering how he honestly thought he was not that good-looking, if at all. The fact that Rey seemed to care for him greatly was more than enough for him, as he truly did not care for anyone else's approval. This thought in mind, he decided to wing it, his drink definitely helping his confidence along. He strode forward, a woman with hair as red as blood, with an hourglass figure in a sinful, black satin in his sights. He had yet to speak with her, and she seemed to have quite the number of admirers herself-if the leers she was receiving from a good number of men and some choice women were any indication. At the back of his neck, and in his peripheral senses, he could literally feel the attention of the room on him now. For the most part, he was the guest of honor at this event, and not a soul had failed to take note that he had not strayed far from his Knights more than twice tonight. So far, he gave off the impression of a disciplined military commander, with respectful men and women that did not step out of their bounds. His knights seemed to take his sudden departure as a sign that they should perhaps follow his example and socialize. He felt one particular heated gaze at his back, but he knew it wasn't Rey, as she would take no time at all to let him know mentally how she felt. He sighed then in resignation, it had to be Devro Ren, one of the senior members of the Knights of Ren. He was a big man, bigger than even Kylo, who stood at 6'3. Devro towered over him by at least 3-4 more inches, and cut a wider, stronger figure. Compared to Kylo and Rey, his Force signature was not as prominent, but it was there. For all intents and purposes though, Devro was a dangerous man, and had earned his place in the Knights. But, he was a fucking dick. He challenged Ren's authority subtly, but it was enough to tick him off more than once. He was what Hux would be, if he got any more annoying than Kylo could ever think was already possible. Devro made Kylo's blood boil. " What the fuck do you want now ." Kylo muttered under his breath, as he took another drink. He was seriously going to need more of these before this night was over. He was nearly face to back with the Lady in Black now, he could sense a few jealous stares even more so now that it was clear whom it was that had drawn Kylo Ren out from the ozone of his Knights. Some wanted to be him, and some wanted to be with him. A lose/lose if you wanted his honest (and by then, hopelessly drunk) opinion. This attention was foreign, but this liquid courage was doing its job. This was not his scene, but in the next 15 seconds it will be. Thanking the gods above that a service droid had made its rounds in his trajectory path, he smoothly (+5 points) placed his now empty glass on the dish and snatched another hopefully equally promising one into his grasp. Clearing his throat, he took the plunge. "Excuse me, I don't believe we've met." He drawled in what he hoped was a sleek tone as the Lady in Black swiveled around to meet his gaze. She seemed surprised to see him, and rightfully so. After an hour already of being here without socializing too much with anyone that wasn't dressed in heavy black robes, the majority of guests had given up. Turns out you never say never. She recovered quickly however, much to her credit and greeted him with a practiced, yet pleasing smile-along with a bat of the eyelashes, "No, I don't believe we have." Who the hell did Kylo think he was? Didn't Devro make it clear that he had staked his claim for the evening? Everyone knew that he and that new girl Rey had a thing going on behind closed doors, and she was quite the looker herself, so why didn't that bastard feel satisfied enough already? That woman in black was the object of his attention for the past hour now, it wasn't like Kylo couldn't tell. He just had his head stuck ten ways up too far on Reyworld to notice. He swore that little shit wouldn't get one up on him this time. The Knights of Ren weren't meant to cause trouble, but at galas like this, it was not unheard of for gentlemen to have a friendly "go" at each other. He suspected that the Supreme Leader would surely think twice about placing Kylo at the helm of the Knights if he was bested in public by a supposed inferior. A devious smirk crossed his lips at the thought. He may even end up with Rey as well before the night was over. With Kylo licking his boots clean. Okay, seriously, just who the hell did he think he was? Rey had just had quite the sit down (+15 for hidden innuendo) about this sort of thing, and now here he was, up to his little tricks again. Rey scoffed from her spot in the crowd. She wasn't up to much really, and she could sense his worry for what she might do and it was honestly adorable. She knew he was trying to draw her out, but honestly, if he really wanted to do, he could find her. He had in the past, he sure as hell could now. Pinching the bridge of her nose, she decided to watch the train wreck known as Ben Solo (cause this sure as shit wasn't Kylo Ren) attempt to flirt with another woman that was not her. That thought did not sit right with her, and it kinda struck a nerve, an insecurity she cannot shake from years past. Unfortunately, this meant that her part of their bond had grown hot again, and her masking in the Force had broken. She cursed under her breath and tried to hide again, but sadly, because Rey had such shit luck, he felt her displeasure with his methods. She could still see him from this vantage spot, she could see the subtle, yet in her eyes, telltale signs of bolstered confidence in his stature. He stood up a tad bit taller, and gave his shoulders a little roll, clearly a move that displayed that this battle of wills was not going in her favor that much anymore. T hen why don't you come and do something about it? Ohhh, its like that? You would like that wouldn't you? Men. She scoffed out loud, crossing her arms. For whatever good it was anyway, wasn't like he could see her. Yeah, well, you're the one hiding coward. From here, she could tell that the smirk that had just crossed his lips, was in no way shape or form, meant for the woman in front of him. A small victory on its own for Rey, if she is to be honest. Oh trust me when I say this, I will be getting payback for this later. And before you continue, no this isn't working. But good job making an ass of yourself. Totally. Good. Job. What a little shit. Oh really? Not even...this? What. Rey already regretted indulging him. She could tell from here that whatever it was that Ms. Perfect had said to him was definitely not that funny, but her shitty boyfriend (?) was being, well, shitty. He hadn't overdone it, by he had by all records, laughed. She could practically hear the deep rumble in his chest as if it were her own. He never laughed for anyone, but her of course. That was their thing, and here he goes, spoiling that little perfect record with some space tart he won't evenknew ever existed by the time his head is between her legs again. Annoying, truly. To top it all off, he was being especially petty by taking her hand and kissing it, like seriously, he was trying too hard now. Um? I knew you were planning on making an ass out of yourself tonight Ben, but seriously, knock it off. This man was truly hilarious, did he really think this was going to work? No, it wasn't. She could practically feel the smirk on his face growing just a tad bit wider. What? Ben Solo was not meant for innocence, the man was pure sin. Don't even try to play like you don't know what I'm talking about. I'm not even mad either, just, why? Why what? Why are you so irritating. Stop being petty and come get me. Now. To her ever growing annoyance, he was growing more amused by the moment. Not good. I was told to play nice love. That means I've got to talk to people. Which means you need to stop pouting over there. You want me to stop so bad? Well, you had no problem staking your claim with Phasma, what's stopping you from doing the same with... A pause, what he was about to say could be the tipping point in this little telepathic test of stubborn wills. Miss Jaina here. The unspoken challenge was loud and clear to Rey, what he was really trying to say was, "Get over here, drag me from this hell and fuck the shit out of me." Let it not be said that Ben Solo wasn't anything like his father. She could see very well how he had drawn Leia Organa crazy. Fine. But if I were you, I would watch your back. At this, he finally got thrown off his game. Why? But before she could tell him of the bald headed, hulking brute headed his way, Devro Ren had already interrupted Kylo Ren less than graciously. And judging by the looks of it, their little testosterone fest would finally have come to a head. Unconsciously, Rey reached for her drink again, deciding that she may as well just enjoy the show. Her man could handle himself, hopefully. Why? What was she talking about? If that were anyone else, he would have taken that as some kind of shit threat, or warning. And he wasn't so fond of either. But as if the gods themselves were playing a joke on him, he heard a rough, Coruscanti accent which sounded suspiciously like one of his men, sound off behind him. "Kylo Ren. Nice party yes? Oh, pardon me milady, I don't believe we've met before? My name is Devro, Devro Ren actually. A pleasure." He mirrored his superiors actions from earlier, and grabbed her hand a tad bit less gentle, and kissed it. Kylo was not amused. Okay seriously, this was definitely more interesting. This was not what he used to do as a noble boy under his mother's care. Fighting at galas was looked down in the Republic, but shit, this is not the Republic. If he had known that Devro Ren was making his move on his life here of all places earlier, he would not have even left the Finalizer with his own. He had been waiting for this for quite a while, he couldn't stand the man after all. He had done nothing to warrant such a rivalry with his subordinate, but it was about time he taught his Knights a bitter lesson. Learn and know your place. At all times. It was a lesson taught damn near everywhere. His mother had taught him to respect his elders, and Snoke had taught him to fear his wrath. He would teach his Knights a little bit of both now. He hadn't killed another Force-Sensitive in far too long, and he wasn't sure if Devro could say the same or not, as Kylo had been the main driving force behind the massacre at Luke's academy. Devro wanted to be the new Master of the Knights of Ren? Well, if he dies here (cause he sure as hell knows Devro is fighting to kill) , then he'll have to kill Rey too, which he knows, will sure as shit not happen. He'll come back as a Force Ghost and strangle his thick neck till he's "one with the Force" too. "A bout between gentlemen huh? Why don't you call it what it is Devro. You mean to kill me." They circled each other now, they left the ballroom in favor of the courtyard to do battle. Kylo had brandished his trademark unstable lightsaber, and Devro unsheated both of his. It was going to be a challenge, he had sparred with Devro before, but they were not actively fighting to kill. They weren't so evenly matched as Devro would care to think, Kylo outclassed Devro by a landslide in Force abilities, and were it not for his experience as a gladiator in the lower reaches of Coruscant's criminal underworld, then he would not have a chance at all. He fought dirty, like Rey, except Rey was not born and raised a killer. She was a survivor, and in his own right, Devro was as well. He just knew nothing else. Another difference between him and Rey, was that Rey was not inherently evil and cold-hearted. Indeed, Rey had no true belonging with the Knights, but they were meant to stick together, so she would cope. Devro fit right in. "Whatever do you mean? We are after all, both men of esteem Kylo. We also both wield the Force, but it would be a shame if there was an accident." He was truly trying to be menacing, too bad he had the wrong man. Kylo looked around, the crowd of nobles had such a look on their faces. A cross between fear and awe, they have never seen a lightsaber before, much less seen the Force in action. Then again, back when the Jedi and Sith were both prominent eons ago, not a lot of people had. The sky was dark, their clothes darker. Their lightsabers cut a hellish red glow across their figures, and if one wanted to be poetic about it, they could say it was two demons settling a grudge. The Lady in Black was here, standing to his right, looking between both men. She was impressed, and she gave Kylo a meaningful look, before giving it to Devro as well. Turns out, this woman more than likely did not care for whoever walked out the victor, she seemed to believe she was reaping the benefits either way. Too bad you belong to me. So please. A familiar voice, Rey's. The unspoken "Be safe" was not missed. He smirks, he knows where she is in the crowd now, how shes fidgeting right at this moment, hoping to whatever god is above that he makes it out okay. Somewhere in the back of her mind, she knows he will. A smug voice that's not his is telling her that he is stronger than Devros, that he can take care of him in no time. But she doesn't believe it, not all the way. One wrong move and he could be gone just like that, so she pushes a thought to his mind letting him know he is tied to her in the most primal way, as if it increases his chances of survival. His opponent is no pushover, and will be fighting with his anger and unadulterated hatred towards him. No big deal, he'll just have to remember his training, to not simply be angry just for the sake of evoking the Dark, but to let it give him a directive, a focal point. That seemed to be the secret to Snoke's teachings. He had to constantly stay two steps ahead, since apparently settling for at least only one was being lazy. I'm not easy to kill, you know that more than anyone here. And for all his arrogance and bravado, he's right. Memories of a bowcaster wound, a scar on his face, and a particularly deep nick in the shoulder; come to mind. All mementos of one of the worst times of his life, Starkiller Base. And yet Rey stands behind him, the one thing in his life that did not truly go south. She stood three men back in the crowd, a hell of a lot closer now than she was in the ballroom, no doubt still worried. She was too damn important, he was definitely not dying. Not while his possessive little hero still breathes. And with that, Kylo allowed Devro to charge him, hoping to end this before it had a chance to really begin. They were two different examples of what a fighter could be. Kylo was tall, and had long limbs, but Devro was bigger, and had a reach advantage. Which always threw him off . He wished he could say he was quicker, but his lightsaber was heavier than either of Devro's. But the good thing is, his alone held more power than either of them, and he had long grown used to swinging the crackling blade. He had the Force as well, but he had to regulate it carefully so none of the spectators would get hit. Kylo had a limited fighting range, as he was not the aggressor this time, and he had lives to think about for the first time ever. This alone sparked a deep anger in him, Devro had put them both in a lose/lose situation. Snoke would not be pleased with these theatrics, no matter who the victor was. The fight circle was loose enough for a pure melee, but they had the Force, and he could tell Devro was itching to use it. But Kylo had a little...something up his sleeve. His opponent was a big man, that used his strength to batter through Kylo's defenses forcing him to stay ahead of one blade, then the other. Kylo utilized his limbs to swing the saber in a protective arc, his saber had reach as well, a hidden gem no one truly realized but him. The thing about Devro is, the man never covered his legs that well. In sparring, the only way to truly slow down the brute, was to take his legs out from under him. But that was quite a challenge, for Devro was easily the strongest Knight, physically speaking that is. But the edge went to Kylo in the endurance factor. Kylo had to use the Force for this, the visibility was shit, and he couldn't afford to let this up to chance. He allowed himself to fall in to a deep Sith trance, a last resort. It did things to him he didn't particularly like. He chalked that up to the Light in him surprisingly raging against him for once, as if it had a bit of dark within itself too. Unstable . Things began getting hazy, typical of the Dark Side when it started to take over. The last time he had gotten this angry was when he fought the traitor FN-2187. Back then, it was over his betrayal, and the shame he brought Kylo further by wielding his grandfather's lightsaber against him. Back then though, he didn't realize what this was, and he couldn't tap in to it that well. It seemed like such a lifetime ago though, and like all things, he had grown past it. "You made a big mistake Devro." He growled, his voice sounding unlike his own. For a moment, through the haze, he felt something akin to a disturbance in his opponent. Something like fear. He pointed his crackling saber at his former ally, his would be assailant. "I can't lie when I tell you that this may have just been the greatest idea you ever came up with. You have no idea how long I've been waiting for this." The other man didn't speak, he didn't need to. Kylo knew fear when he felt, and seen it. And it had doubled. Rey couldn't lie, nope, not one bit. This was strangely arousing, and for reasons she couldn't truly fathom. At first, she felt pride for Ben, pride in how naturally gifted he was in fighting. She was proud that for all Devro's obvious size and strength, Ben was proving that skill beat size every time. It soothed her worries and reservations over him going in to this bout, for she knew it was a fight to the death most likely, and that was all she really wanted, was for him to end up coming out of this safe and in one piece. She took great pleasure in the fact that he was turning the tide of the fight and showing everyone here a fact she already knew for certain. That he was strong, that he didn't take shit from nobody, like her. That was before she seen the change though. Now? Shit, good question, she didn't even know what to think. Some thing had clearly come over Ben, something dark, and scary. As if a light had been snuffed out inside him, the man she had known her entire existence had changed. For the worst. Her body was betraying her, apparently she liked this. Liked seeing this animal she had recently found out had been lurking inside of him all along. He was normally a menace to his enemies, but never had he truly gotten so wrapped up in his own loathing for another. Is this what Kylo Ren looks like? A foolish answer, for she had seen him come close to end Finn with her own eyes. But even then, he didn't look this far gone though last time. Funny how people can change, even him. He even fought different now. More reckless, less refined, less controlled. He was beginning to overpower Devro, which was enough to spark awe within her. That man was more than just twice her size, and here he was for the first time ever, getting driven back by Ben- Kylo . She looked around at what faces she could see, they were watching with much of the same awe as her, but with a lot more fear. They had backed up considerably, but did not tear their eyes away. They probably didn't believe Kylo was going to make it out alive until now, and just like her, they were beginning to see the change in him too. They were politicians after all, they could dissect a man in mere seconds. A thud hit the ground, and for a second, Rey thought it was a body, but it wasn't. It was too light, sounded too hollow. It was a lightsaber, one of Devro's. Kylo was swinging his blade in wild arcs now, and it was clashing against Devro's last blade, dragging him from left to right. Kylo did nothing fancy either, a few spin moves here and there, but nothing like he would when he was still himself. Still Ben. Ben liked to show off, looking for recognition. Kylo didn't give a fuck . He fought to destroy his opponent in the quickest way possible, with the strongest blows he could muster. Their blades locked again, with Kylo leaning towards Devro's right. She couldn't see much in this somewhat bad lighting, but she could tell his jaw was clenching, hard. He had a snarl on his face that was feral, animal like. It was too damn attractive, it was so unlike the man she knew that it was hard to fathom that the man she was seeing now had shared that very same body with him. A body she had explored countless times, and dominated that she realized he had let her, that he liked it that way. He liked not being in control, he liked being handled. Ben had a freedom complex when he was younger, he wanted to be free from the Academy so bad he was willing to raze it to the ground. It seemed though, that was no longer the case. Kylo Ren was the physical embodiment of this freedom, he could be anything he wanted to be while he was this man. He could murder everyone here, hell, maybe even give Snoke a run for his money. He could leave the First Order and no one would want to find him, and those that did wouldn't last long. But then again, that wouldn't be freedom, he would just be constantly running, never at peace. Maybe there was no peace. It scared Rey even more that she was still attracted to this side of him as well, and that in time, she could more than likely develop a side of her not all that different from his, if the Dark had its way with her. Heat pooled to her core, she wanted to be his equal. Wanted to surpass him even. It was probably possible, after all, he and Snoke both held her in such high esteem. She knew she had power, a great amount. And it was growing still. But as she continued to watch Kylo in action, she wondered if it was worth it. To match Kylo pound for pound, to show him he was hers too just as well as Ben was. It was like a ring was dangled above her head, and she was constantly grasping for it, only to have it elude her at the last moment. She made a promise when she was younger, and that promise had developed even further now. She wanted to love this man, for all he was worth, but she did not even know him, not like she did Ben. And so now a new conflict raged inside Rey, was all this darkness worth it? And as she watched Kylo deflect Devro's last ditch effort slash at his midsection with a flick of the wrist and a retreating twirl behind his opponent, something that looked suspiciously like a miniature sized storm of blue lightning (something she had only seen before once in a holotape on the Finalizer, for there was nothing like it on Jakku) leave his finger tips and send the bigger man to the ground, flat on his stomach; she wasn't so sure what to think anymore. Notes: so this turned out to be a lot more of a plot fest than I had planned. originally, this was meant to be another one-shot, and i guess in a way it is. but hey, im not complaining. what do you guys think? Notes: idk.