If I Ever Leave This World Alive Hux didn't much care for small talk, especially not with a stranger- least of all his dark-haired, shiny-teethed and strikingly charismatic Uber driver. During the drive from the airport to his university, the tall ginger had learned more about this man than he had ever desired. Firstly, that his name was Poe Dameron and that they were both to attend this sub-par university. Secondly that this was only a side-gig for him while he tried to make it big with his Ska band, who was having a free concert this Friday night at some local bar whose name Hux didn't bother to catch. That was not an issue, as the man named Poe Dameron handed him a small flyer for the event before Hux unfolded his lanky frame from the too-small car. Thirdly, that Poe Dameron was looking forward to seeing him around school, and that he would "love it here in America," The foreigner looked back briefly to close the door, catching a sly wink from his driver. Ensuring that the car was far out of sight, Hux crumpled the flyer and deposited it into the nearest waste bin. He was quite early in his arrival: school wouldn't begin for another week but he would be damned if he were to stay another week in Dublin. Squaring his shoulders, he made his way to the office to get all of his information straightened out before leaving to find his dorm. The next week was filled with unpacking the few items he had brought upon the plane and accepting the rest of his belongings that he had mailed to himself before leaving. Ensuring that his side was perfectly tidy, he awaited the arrival of his unknown dorm mate. The list that had hung on the door read "ROOM 24A - BRENDOL HUX III - BENJAMIN SOLO". The day before classes were set to start, the door was hastily pushed open, bringing Hux to attention. Having been seated at his desk, writing a letter to his father and mother, he wasn't quite expecting such an entrance. He appraised the darkly-clothed figure that struggled to pull in all of his bags at once, peering up from behind voluminous curtains of pitch black hair. Giving up on this pursuit, he resorted to kicking his bags across the room unceremoniously. Hux said nothing, observing his ill-mannered new roommate- or at least, who he assumed was his new roommate. The intruder pushed his locks back away from his face, peering over at the seated man. "You look... comfortable." he muttered. Hux pursed his lips and nodded curtly. "You look... like you've got the situation under control." he shot back in a false, prim English accent, earning a grunt from Ben. What a great first impression. "Ben! You forgot this!" chirped a feminine voice from just beyond the doorway, lightly accented. A Londoner, perhaps? This could prove to be an issue, should she discover that his own accent was faked. At least she confirmed his identity. "I told you," the boy growled, "My name is Kylo Ren now!" he whirled around and marched to the door, looking positively annoyed as he snatched the messenger bag from her hands. "No it's not," the girl teased before that Kylo Ren slammed the door in her face. A soft knock followed. "Aunt Leia told me to tell you that Uncle Han said he loves you." she said quietly. Kylo huffed and locked the door, saying nothing as he sulked away. It was not Hux's place to comment on the scene. He returned to his seat and remained silent, finishing up his letter while Kylo began slamming his belongings into the drawers on his side of the room, until his loud unpacking could no longer be tolerated. He looked over, annoyed. "Could you possibly unpack any more loudly?" He groused, unable to bite back his distaste. Kylo took that as a challenge. Along with his increasingly loud slamming, he now made sure to put in grunts of effort as he moved. Giving an exasperated sigh, Brendol began tapping his pen on the desk in a steady beat. As he heard Kylo cease after a minute, a smirk pulled at his lips. "Will you stop?!" yelled his now fed up roommate. "Only if you stop slamming things around, you temperamental child!" Hux snapped back. "You don't know the first thing about me," said temperamental child stepped toward the other man. "Quit pretending like you're so high and mighty, you little snob, writing your little letter," he was getting too close for Hux's comfort. "Who are you writing to anyways?! It's 2016- just email them if it's so important! Text! Skype! Fuck, something! A letter? Really?" Hux stood now, squaring his shoulders and glancing upward to bridge the 2-inches of height gap that separated their eyes. "What I write and to whom is none of your concern, neither is the method in which I do it," he replied with a steely calmness that only served to anger Ren further. "Now, if you would stop slamming things, I'd-" his speech was cut off by a raised hand that hadn't even touched him, yet had stolen his breath away and seemed to be crushing his throat. This wasn't the first time he had encountered someone who was force-sensitive or even someone who had apparently been trained, but this was the first time he had ever experienced any form of assault from one of these people. His hands moved up to claw at his throat weakly, trying in vain to pry the invisible fingers from around his neck. His arms slammed back into his chest, freezing in place. He gazed defiantly up at the other man, having been taught by his father to never show weakness. "We'll play this by my rules, understood?" Kylo asserted, setting his brow low on his face. "I will unpack, you will shut your lips and quiet your hands or I will not hesitate to stifle them myself. Have I made myself clear?" Hux couldn't respond. Small black dots were moving in on his line of vision, eyes blurring as he refused to look away from his roommate. The grip on his throat tightened slightly. Beneath the concealer that hid his embarrassing freckles from the world, his skin was beginning to grow purple. When his head lolled back and his body began to grow limp, only then did Kylo release him from the grip, smirking as the man fell to his knees, gasping for a breath. "Have I made myself clear?" he repeated, watching Hux return to a defiant, standing position. "Crystal." he scowled, refusing to show that he was still having difficulties. "That doesn't mean that I will show you any modicum of respect until it is perfectly mutual." Ren narrowed his eyes and was about to speak before a knock sounded at the door. "Ben, your hairbrush was in my bag," came the girl's voice from before. This woman was Hux's saving grace. While Kylo went to retrieve his brush and yell at the girl some more, Brendol slipped into the bathroom that they shared with the next dorm over. He'd never been strangled like that before- or at all, actually. It seemed that he had rather enjoyed it. This would prove to be an interesting year. Notes: This is my first fic since middle school, please be gentle Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Drunken Lullabies - A Kylux College AU series