The Emperor’s palace sits on the edge of a forest, on the shores of a great lake. A rough stone watchtower has stood in this spot for centuries, but now angular structures of gleaming manmade materials pour out one of its shattered sides like raw crystals. The Emperor would live in an ancient place but he would not live as an ancient. The Emperor is known as a man of pragmatism and minimalism. His palace’s interiors are without much in the way of adornment; his robes of state sacrifice obvious ornamentation in favour of the military style to which he is accustomed. But the Emperor is not an admirer of plainness or simplicity. Whilst his clothes or furnishings might seem simple, their very practicality is fetishized. The Emperor is remarkable not only for his youth but for his youthful appearance. There are men who might have attained the Emperor’s power at his age, but these men would surely have greyed or wrinkled prematurely from the ruthlessness that was required of their every decision. Not so for the Emperor. He signs plans to improve sanitation systems with the same hand which condemns a city, a planet. His gaze is impassive. Those who wish to share in the Emperor’s power, or perhaps save themselves from his wrath, have sent marriage partners to seek the Emperor’s hand. Less scrupulous parties have sent beautiful young people tasked merely with his seduction. None have succeeded in securing an eternity with the Emperor’s heart or a night with his body. He has been sent hardy young men from Bespin, slave girls from Nal Hutta, lithe gymnasts from Malastare, but none seem to whet his appetite, if appetite he possesses. The Emperor’s court is not exempt from intrigue. There are always those surrounding authority who desire more power than they wield, and will stop at nothing in their bid to acquire it. The Emperor has his own methods of discovering and dispatching traitors. These methods come in the form of his servant and protector, a masked man who is said to have the power to know the minds of others and to uncover their latent treachery. It is also his duty to execute the traitors in whatever way he sees fit, sometimes drawn-out and public, sometimes quick, brutal, and private, but always painful, always an example, whether to the inner circle of the court or the entire galactic empire. All this is widely known. There are things that are not known. What is not known is how at night, every night, the Emperor is pinned beneath his armed guard, his acolyte, the Master of the Knights of Ren, who enters him with rough thrusts and kisses him gentle as a bride. What is not known is how the cries of the Emperor echo obscenely through the empty hallways of the palace, how he and his knight move together in what is combat as much as it is love-making, and how he is fucked and fucked until he spills his seed on the sheets of the imperial bed. The knight knows the smell and touch and taste of the Emperor. He knows every part of him better than the Emperor knows himself. If he wanted to, he could destroy him in an instant. Some nights they fuck so hard and so deeply that they lose the distinction of who is inside who as each seems to somehow penetrate the other. Their consciousness blurs along with their bodies, and they cannot remember who they were before they were together. They lie together, and the Emperor ruminates on his vulnerability, his weakness in opening up to this man, this dangerous and unpredictable man. His worries never prevent the next night, or the next night, or the next. At night the wind blows in off the lake to the Emperor’s palace, and the old stones groan and sigh their sadness but they cannot weep.