as kylo's lips ghosted over his body, hux had to admit that this was a much nicer surprise than dinner and flowers. the rose petals kylo had scattered on the bed earlier had long been knocked off but the candles were still burning, their only source of light. ren giggled as he slowly kissed down hux's stomach, the chain in his hand rattling as the metal collar pressed into the back of hux's neck. hux moaned loudly when kylo got his mouth around his cock, sucking gently on the head. one of his hands comes down to tangle itself in kylo's dark hair, tugging it as an anchor. "oh god , ren," hux moans, thrusting gently into kylo's mouth. kylo's hand wraps around his cock to jerk him off slowly, and hux can't even feel the collar anymore as his breath starts huffing in sharp pants and his hips begin to jerk. he gives one final cry as he comes, his back curving off the bed in a high arc. kylo stares at the juncture of his ribs and pulls off to spit over the bed before wiping his mouth and crawling back over his boyfriend. "you're so cute," kylo tells hux, kissing his forehead. hux sighs and nods, his hands pawing at kylo's chest. he looks younger in the muted glow of the candlelight. softer and more vulnerable. kylo kisses his forehead again and glances at the collar on his neck, loosening the chain in his hand slightly. "on your front, babe," kylo says gently, and hux rolls onto his front, shoving the chain behind him as kylo lets go of it and it drops to the floor with a clatter. hux wiggles his ass a little as kylo leans over him, planting a hand either side of his head as he kisses the general's neck and starts up a slow rhythm. hux gasps wordlessly as the head of kylo's cock rubs up against his prostate, his arms shaking as he grips the sheets. "ohhh— oh god , oh ren , oh god ren —!" kylo giggles against the curve of hux's shoulder, grabbing his neck to nip against the skin as he picks up his thrusts and sets a steady, fast pace. hux whines wantonly, rolling his ass up as kylo's other hand snakes round his front to wrap around his cock and slowly stroke him in time. everything is vivid and bright and hot as kylo mumbles how much he loves him and how good he feels and all hux can do is moan and beg and pant. "oh, fuck — right there kylo, right there, rightthererightthererightthere , that's so—ohhhhh, god, renrenrenren —!!" hux cries out as kylo hits against his prostate and he bucks against his hips as his thighs clench and his moans increase in pitch as he finally comes, kylo's everything moving faster against him and inside him to drag it out as hux drops to the bed and bites the sheets. it feels like an intense event occurred around them, eclipses and supernovas unfolding inside their bodies as kylo's touch turns hux's skin to the ashes of stars and his kisses melt away everything to replace it with molten love. hux is on cloud nine. kylo's body stiffens above him as he comes with a growled, "oh, general ," and the sound of it could have made hux come again spontaneously. he's still shaking when kylo pulls out and turns him over to kiss him, pulling away slowly. he strokes a finger along hux's cheekbone, eyes darting over his face as he takes in all his features to keep forever, like a treasure. "love you," kylo murmurs. "love you too," hux says. "happy valentine's day, ren." Notes: find me on tumblr at phamsa - feel free to send requests!