Homecoming Notes: I've said it before, and I'll say it again: I have very little knowledge of the extended universe, the lingo, or what I'm doing. Suspend your disbelief, if you would, and imagine the lengths a Knight of Ren might have to go to to become a – somewhat – pure of heart Jedi again. I'll do my very best to build you a world you can lose yourselves in. “Ben?” He can barely see her: his right eye is swollen completely shut, and the white surrounding the dark brown iris of the left is webbed with blood. Does she know, he wonders blurrily, that there are vids of her? She put a medal around Han Solo’s neck before he was his father, before they were in love. Maybe it’s hindsight, but he thinks her smile was a little too tolerant. She looked at Luke and it was warm, affectionate, unafraid; she looked at Han, and even through the crackle and bluish tinge of time, her son could glimpse the hesitancy which made her smile like that when he winked – amused, sure, but not yet ready to let him split her face, nor ready to acknowledge the desire. Does she know that there are vids of her? Does she know that he’s seen them? “Ben, it’s going to be alright. I promise you, everything’s going to be alright.” The launch pad is lousy with people who’ve all taken a step back. There are another two generals and an admiral, and a Wookiee with a firm grasp on his bowcaster. Chewbacca doesn’t speak, but the fact he hasn’t shot Kylo Ren in the throat is a statement in itself. Can he see the little boy huddling in the man’s black robes? Can anyone? Rey is there, and therefore all around him. That makes life more difficult. FN-2187, Finn, is standing so close to her that their shoulders brush, but Luke gives her her space. He gives everyone space, his nephew included, standing at the back of the crowd and wrapping indifference around himself to smother his clear white light. It’s too bright still, burning the retinas out of the eyes of Leia’s son’s mind. At least it’s constant. Rey’s oscillates, still wild, blazing up in his mental vision. He slips behind and into her, and out, in and out, in and out again with the rhythm of her breathing. She can look at the general without flinching, but there’s a hole going through the centre of her that no surrogate mother will ever be able to fill. When she was a child, perhaps, but she’s not a child anymore. She doesn’t hide her yearning behind a princess’ smile, maybe because she doesn’t yet understand it. Maybe because she can’t. “Ben.” Leia turns his face towards hers. She wonders if it’s possible that he might still be growing. Something feels somehow unfinished under the light skin, as if the bones never properly fused. “Are you listening to me? Can you hear me? This is important. I need you to be honest with me, Ben.” So he nods. Her mouth is dry, so dry. “Did Snoke complete your training?” Her fingers curl around the underside of his jaw, holding on. He couldn’t escape now without hurting her, without causing her more pain. He doesn’t want that. The other Jedi on the launch pad pulse quietly, braced in case he does, in case he is what he was before, in case he’s bluffing, in case he wants to match-make his father with his mother in the afterlife. Leia’s lowers her voice, but they can all hear her. They’re all listening. “Can you call on the lightning? Did he teach you? Is that something you can do, Ben? Is that something he taught you?” Kylo Ren lifts his hands, the fingers long and limp and pale. He presents them to her, palms up. She doesn’t check that he’s washed them, not like she once would have, but sucks in a breath she didn’t intend to take when she sees the tiny dancing sparks, flickers which go nowhere without his direction and disappear into the crisp air. It’s enough, though. It’s proof enough that her love alone can’t save him. He needs Luke, and pain, and the hard road of the close to irredeemable. Her twin comes forward, sharing the thought, parting the crowd. His robes are dust-coloured, and there’s more grey in his beard than there should be. Knowing who they are, they know he was born first, but he’s always been younger than she is. He’s always seen less, done less, suffered less. She’s always been the strong one, the one to lean on, but he looks older than her these days. Ahch-To cleansed but didn’t heal him. “Leia.” Her lays a hand on her shoulder, and there’s a cautioning feel to it. Don’t fight it. This is how it has to be. Theirs is not a Force bond, but it pulls as strongly as if it were. I can bring him back, in time. Trust me. “I know,” she chokes. “Everything will be alright.” “Ben.” His slanted eyelids cover his narrow eyes, purple with bruises, red with blood. He nods again, signalling his consent, and she releases him, and he rises to his feet. The first part of the ritual is concluded. There’s just so much of him, she thinks. Not like her, like Han. Good with a wrench, quick on their feet – how could they not be enough for one another? “ Leia .” Luke’s grip is fierce, digging into her padded waistcoat. He sensed the moment that she wanted to kill this man, her husband’s murderer. He sensed the moment when she forgot he’s her flesh and blood. But his sister is at least as good as he is, and fondness and intuition tell him she’s more. She covers his hand with hers, digging her short fingernails into his flesh. He groans, but accepts her agony. It’s his too, after all. Her failure is his. Their loss bounces back and forth between them, magnified by two. “Ben,” he says cordially. “Will you come with me?” “Yes.” “Rey?” Kylo Ren wouldn’t open his eyes for the scavenger from Jakku. If he wouldn’t for generals and admirals, if he wouldn’t for his own mother, why would he for her? He doesn’t, but there’s a desperation in him to see her expression, to clench in time with the muscles in her forehead and cheeks. He’s eaten and drunk the tiny fibrous patterns of her joy and her sadness for a while now, occasionally used it to sustain himself when nothing else could. The atmosphere here is of fuel and acrid dislike. Their bodies, though distant, press on him in just the way hers doesn’t. She stands like a desert plant with her booted roots deep in the sand of their ordinariness; even the idea of her is a consolation prize. “I’ll come with you.” But she wishes she didn’t have to. Her lips barely part to let the words out. There are no vids of her, this no one, this new hope. Doesn’t she know he’d watch them if there were? Chapter 2 : Parasitic “You don’t have to go.” Finn’s hand is urgent on my arm, but his fingers don’t actually touch my skin. They wrap around leather, crossing over themselves. He knows what it takes for me to touch, and he doesn’t want to waste friend credits when holding my wrist isn’t his reason for holding me back. “You don’t have to help him.” Because he is my friend, I’m slow to prise his fingers off, one by one until I have four. I squeeze those four. His thumb twitches. “Yes,” I reply. “I do.” I use the walk from Galen, the name General Organa chose for the cluster of buildings and camouflaged hangars where we eat and live and fly, to the cliffs, where I train, where Kylo Ren is, to mouth the words of the Talzin Principle. I learn best from doing, which is why I whisper it as I walk, but I’m still not entirely sure what the heavy language means. There’s no record of the ritual ever being attempted, only completed, and only by a few Jedi whose names we’ve lost. I find it difficult to remember the details, what there was written down. There’s too much to remember, and Master Luke speaks too quickly, as if it’s all exciting instead of terrifying: drills, and dreams, and abilities I may or may not have. Obi-Wan Kenobi. Kylo Ren. He makes ripples like a stone thrown into water. I pass an aide I’ve met before, Lula, and something I don’t who flicks its long, pointed ears at me. The eyes on the sides of its overlarge head look friendly, so I wave and walk on. Some species prefer growls or elbow gestures, but I’d rather be too familiar than risk offending anything. There are so many now, so many lifeforms reaching out across the stars, seeking us out. Us. I was a me. I became an us. Master Luke is sitting with his arms and his legs crossed, watching the place where I crest the hill every day, certain of the time. I would rather be back in the bunker, sorting gears into the appropriate drawers for the maintenance droids. I would rather follow Finn to the workshop where Poe and BB-8 sift through the guts of burned out TIE fighters, frustrated because the principle, the ritual, his defection has grounded them. You can’t point a weapon if you don’t know what end it fires from. The grass feels good under my feet. She shoves him out of her without warning, her sense of outrage like a slap. Her fists form up but her mouth doesn’t open. She doesn’t have to explain to Luke, who does his best to understand without ever being a part of their experience. What he has with Leia is different, more gentle – as inevitable, but never as resented. This bond’s edges foam up like white-capped waves, with hostility, with hurt. “The darkness isn’t his only problem.” “It’s not as if the ritual fixes anything else he’s done.” Her eyes damn him. She damns him. “You, Rey.” He drops his hands to his knees. There’s no point in telling her that anger leads to the Dark Side when there are no sides anymore, when she began too late to train it out of her with early morning wakeup calls and helmets with the blast shields down. Luke always yearned, but he rarely feared. There was never anything red inside him to let go. “You, Rey, are another problem. He’s lost his sense of himself, lost his own sense of peace because it’s so easy for him to latch onto yours. He considers you one, not two – not like that.” His smile is rueful. “The two feelings are pretty hard to confuse, although it does happen, especially at times like these.” She swallows. “Where is he really?” “Who, Ben?” Little does she know he’s been asking himself the same question for years. “Somewhere between you and Kylo Ren. He shouldn’t ideally belong to either of you.” “I don’t want him to belong to me!” “Which is why you have to shut him out.” He stands, moves towards her. They meet as equals, and she appreciates not being towered over. He never diminishes her, her master. “I don’t need to tell you what happened just now, or why it’s so dangerous. You believe that if you ignore it, he’ll go away, and maybe he would if it were the other feeling, but it isn’t. It’s been months, Rey, months of him using you to touch the light safely, because you embrace it, because it makes you strong. Whatever positive energy Ben has, he’s siphoned off from you. To come back to the light on his own, for himself, he has to be burned by it.” Luke is wise, wistful, sad. “You can’t let him hide inside you any longer.” He doesn’t mean she meant to, but that’s how it hits her. She snapped at the voice in her head and shot the bolt, but she’s too stubborn to shut herself away in one of her dark corners all day just in case he comes calling. “How can I stop him?” Not with the lightsaber in her belt, which was never hers. “What should I do?” “Close your eyes.” He sounds too kind for a torturer, which is what he is. “Feel the Force. Don’t open yourself to it, don’t draw it into you; give yourself over to it. Go outside of who you are, what you want to do. Fade into it the way Ben has taught himself to fade into you. Don’t give him sanctuary.” Together, they’ll torture his nephew to the point of madness. This is how they’ll bring him back. “You’ll have to be with him,” Luke warns her. “For hours at a time, longer than any of us can spare you, longer than we have any right to ask of you. Ben’s only option will be to go back into Kylo Ren. It’ll be like – ah.” Ruefully, he turns over his right hand, twisting the arm at the elbow. “Like that. Like losing a limb, a home, and all hope at the same time. You being in there might help, even if he can’t truly be in there with you.” “But it might help,” Rey repeats drily. “With losing a limb, and home, and all hope.” Frantic scratches on a metal wall. Work to eat, eat to live, and wait, and wait, and wait. “This is what he needs.” “Has anyone told him that?” Kylo Ren has been told about his unimportant choices, which is something. The shades are down, since there’s nothing to see, the grille on the door closed. His cot is the same model as hers, assembled by droids when they have units to spare or by laughing, cursing, thumb-sucking-when-it-goes-wrong rebels. Poe is, to no one’s surprise, the best at this. That’s nothing to him, but still he tugs on the thread until the gold-tinted, strained-muscle memory is free. “I know you’re there.” She isn’t afraid of the dark, dark room with the dark, dark man in it. “I know you do.” But she fears bringing in the daylight, and what it might reveal. He’s a roughly spherical shape in the centre of the floor, cot and pillows ignored. “Get out,” she says softly. He brushes by her inside her head. “Did you enjoy subduing me, Rey?” He didn’t, after all, pound his own face into pulp. “No. I’m not like you.” “Why are you still out there?” And he would be casual about that if he could, but he can’t. Cramp starts up in his knees, but standing up will lead to lashing out, not that he has a weapon, or there’s nothing in the cell worth destroying. There will be when she comes in, but he’d sooner burn a hole in the moon. “I’m restrained until she decides I’m not going to damage myself.” “Tight,” Rey ventures. “Yes,” he agrees. “Don’t pretend you don’t care about your mother.” She closes the door behind her, stalling the lock with a mental wave. “She’s the reason you came here.” “Is she?” “Get out .” They’re actively silent. She can’t figure out if she wants to be able to see him or not. Is his outline enough? It’s much easier to hate what you can look in the eye and what glares back. Gloom wraps around them, muffling the sounds of breath and creaking ribs and shifting fabric. Rey stays by the door, ready. His thoughts curve lazily around hers, a slowly creeping black stain with the rhythm of some aquatic creature beating its tail. She makes the bubble of her mind pop, goes out to him – then, goes beyond him. There’s a world beyond their linked selves, a shapeless world of blank, matte energy. It answers their call. It allows itself to be used because it never chooses, never accepts. It is, as she is, and is nothing more. Rey drains away as the Jedi surges out of herself and swims through this ocean, neither above the water nor below it. If she fought to breathe, she would be fighting to be herself. She has to fight not to fight for herself, and when she hears his hoarse intake of breath, it begins to sting. “What are you doing?” “What I have to.” The white and blue throb of her blurs into the shadows. She, the persistent knocking on the container the boy named Solo is locked in, fades into everything else. The emotions he stole and hoarded run suddenly dry, the bright, bold colours of his distractions, his amusements, his belief. “ No .” His lips judder, but there’s no more sound. . Howling haunts the cliffs: first the sea, then the slipstream, now this. “The girl!” Fists slamming, soon to be shattering, shards in his throat from screaming, inside his skull from missing her. “I want the girl!” It’s Kylo Ren in there, so she loses her name, but he loses her. That’s fair. “Give me the girl!” “Focus.” She’s focusing so hard that her right foot has pulled itself up off the ground, dangling about an inch above where it should be. She’s vibrating. “The rock, again.” Sweat slides down her temple, soaks into the high grey collar of her jacket. The rock, rounded and pinkish green, flies smoothly up into the air, hovering level with Rey’s nose. There are freckles on the warm skin there someone is hurling himself at the durasteel door simply to see. “That’s enough for today.” “No,” she argues. “It isn’t.” “Yes.” There are moments between bouts of mourning, moments where the princess of Alderaan would recognise the farm boy from Tatooine if she weren’t up to her elbows in councils of war; he isn’t playing today. He has the Jedi master act down, old hermit, aged knight. She has the sulky, set mouth of an apprentice, but she’ll always have the halo of a wonderer. Every day of this new life is a revelation to Rey, down to the drudgery and the rehydrated meals and the oily dust beneath her fingernails. It’s more than she ever expected of the universe. Luke feels older every time he realises that. “We can’t carry on when you’re suffering like this.” She shakes her head violently. The two long wisps of hair which settle just in front of her ears follow more slowly, more dreamily. Her eyes are both brown and green. She reminds him of someone. “Rey…” Her stance is all wrong, she’s rocking from her toes to her heels – because to her, the whole planet seems to shudder with every demand for ‘the girl’ – and back. Is she looking at him, or through him? With every pound of his fist, he pounds on her mind. He slams his mental self into her with the full force of the physical, knocking the air out of her lungs. In a fair fight, when she’s furious too, she could end him. She cut his face, but she forgets the scar when they’re close together, and it isn’t there in her head. She has strength enough to lift rocks without quaking, to turn and duck and breeze through saber drills without breaking in half, but Luke Skywalker the twin would tell her if she asked him that every kind of bond between two lifeforms has the capacity to cause pain in both directions. Rey doesn’t feel herself fall, only the dampness of the grass, which is silky on the heels of her rough hands. She’s staring at the ripe colour as if it’s brand new, unseeing. “ Let me in! ” The second part of the ritual is concluded. Han Solo is good for blocking him out, the blunt features, the sharp, shrewd remarks. Her family, names she can’t recall. An old helmet, never not crusted with grains of sand which trickled down her neck and into her undershirt. She wasn’t always this. She was empty energy once, gazing up at the stars for points of difference. There was a time when she only had ten fingers and ten toes, when no one cradled her with their bloody promises when she eventually fell asleep. She sits up nights with puffy lids peeled back from scorching eyes, refusing even to listen to the whisper of ocean and island if it means she’ll have to watch Han die again, over and over, tumbling and tumbling like a doll into the pit as that monster, his son looks up at her like she might be the answer. “Let me out,” she finds herself saying, though it comes out clumsy and sideways. “Doesn’t he mean let me out ?” “No.” Luke can only guess at the red and blue going to war around her. “He means let him in .” Chapter 3 : Rerun Does he know, she wonders, with her thumb hovering over the switch for the appropriate drive, that his parents’ wedding is a matter of public record? Not just because it was scribed, Organa-Solo, this day, witnessed . They were the clean after the dirty, the princess and the smuggler, breaking new ground on Coruscant. They were the top replay on HoloNet for decades to come. He was the, ‘now, if we’re doing this, we’re not making a circus out of it, alright, Your Worshipfulness?’ and she was the, ‘if? You’re the one who asked me to marry you , Han’, and he was the one to put rough lips to troubled forehead and say, ‘cool it, Leia’ five minutes before when it was his hands trembling. He plucked the flowers out of her hair one at a time that night, delicate as she’d once only ever guessed he could be, until there was a shimmering pile of affectation on the bed between them which didn’t sum them up at all, not at all. She remembers laughter glittering in her chest when they snuck of to the Falcon. She remembers everything, and every fight, and every last drop. There’s nothing like an oil stain on the prominent belly of a let out Senate gown, an ambassador who refuses to sit down at forty and a half weeks, a Wookiee and a Jedi sitting on a father-to-be. There’s nothing like the arguments she had with Han – she’s never enjoyed him telling her what to do, except under very specific circumstances – because if Leia could , Leia would . She wasn’t going to slow down just because she had Ben Kenobi’s legacy riding around on her bladder. There’s nothing, as she stoops to pick up the broken pieces of the pot, the soil from the baby tree some kind soul brought indoors for her. There’s nothing, and if she doesn’t get Ben back, there’s less than that. She loves a man who was man enough to admit he still loved the stars, broad hands over hers on a joystick, garbage, carbonite, king scoundrel, cocky as hell. She loves a man who spun away from her, impermanent as their son, out into the void to ignore the wreck he’d made of the two of them. She’ll love a man forever who mocked her, caught her, kissed her, left her, loved her back. He pulled in everything around him like a black hole, life unrelenting until it was over. He’s crushed her, she’s crushed a pot. She continues to implode every other breath. Does he know that she murdered the Hutt that took her smuggler away from her? “Oh, Leia.” “It was just a baby,” she says bleakly, gathering the small plant between her two hands, a soft nook of damp earth for it to rest in. “Did I kill it?” “No.” Luke offers her his hands in turn, and she pours what she has into them, pulling away from him, wiping her eyes, going in search of another pot. There must be a – a mercifully clean caf container, a drum-sized one she reserves for bad days. The little tree, bearing fruit round and yellow and approximately the size of her thumbnail, is having a bad day. She presses that thumb into springy soil, tucking it into its new home. Her fingers are black, and the palms of Luke’s hands. “How is he?” “You’re sensitive,” he replies. “You know.” “I can’t do that anymore. It’s too…” She makes a vague spiralling gesture. “I can’t do that anymore. I never took it, so I didn’t have it, so it’s not like I can get mad about losing it.” Her mind is stuck inside her head these days, no longer free to roam. The Force goes on around her, she can sense it heaving around Kylo Ren; that’s as much as she can sense. Only changes, not the steady flow which woke her sometimes with its serenity when they were at peace. The universe seemed to be singing to her, her father, their mother, and the swell of Ben would flip over and listen too. It found her first on Endor, on the night Vader’s body burned. There was enough for everyone that night: enough for Anakin Skywalker’s daughter as well as for the son who set him alight. “You know,” says her twin again. He taps her cheek lightly, with the knuckle of his first finger. A few crumbs of dirt fall to her shoulder. “You have time to be angry with him, but not long. You know that too.” “That girl.” Leia tries to smile. “That girl changes everything.” “Rey.” “Rey. It’s hurting her too, I didn’t realise it would hurt her as well as him.” She wishes she didn’t care that it is hurting him, more than she cares about Rey, that flower blooming outside its pot, more than she cares about Luke or anyone else. They’re both a little short to be Stormtroopers now, but she’s never lost the knack of looking down on her brother. “What are you doing to help?” She’s never lost the ring of royalty either. “Everything I can.” Their mother was a queen. Perhaps he remembers that as he lifts his chin. “For him as well as her.” He brushes off her shoulder, cleaning up after himself, doing his best not to take more than has already been stolen. “But she’s more help to him than I am, for the moment, at least. The punishment and penitence, I’ll have to handle myself –” It’s gotten a head-start on carving more lines into his face. “It’s like forcing polarised couplings together, Leia, only the science of it is all wrong. One’s attracted, one’s repulsed. He wants her there, she doesn’t want to be there, she hates him for Han, for Finn, she burns up like a supernova every night because she’s used to having Kylo Ren in her head, she’s guilty when she can hear him, she’s lonely when she can’t. He’s angry with her for shutting him out, he’s angry with himself for wanting her there with him, he’s piling anger on top of anger so he forgets to feel anything else.” “And when the storm breaks?” His blue, blue eyes have wandered away from hers, deep brown, off between land and sea and sky. It was glorious at the beginning too, when he stood somewhere similar with his nephew, remembering the day he was born. “I can’t be sure. Not…not yet.” Is this happening like it happened before? Is it happening like it was meant to happen? . An angel is a demon with a beautiful face. Books are rare, precious, flimsy. Rey knows what she’s holding, a treasure, its price beyond hers. She doesn’t know what it’s printed on. Light shines through the pages. Her hands are golden in the sunshine, grey inside. Her neck creaks as she tilts it, propping her cheek on her own shoulder. She’s watching him now. He’s been watching her forever, turning delicate leaves with her fingernails rather than with dusty pads which’ll make dusty prints. This is the last day – or night, or morning – before the sucking need for the power he’s agreeing to sacrifice juices him, leaving him as pulp and peel, not Knight. Not even Jedi Knight. “‘An angel is a demon with a beautiful face.’” Hearing the words aloud is easier than mouthing them, ayn-jell , dee-munn , byoo-tiff-ull . They make more sense as real sounds, blocks of dialect which are easy to stack and unnecessary to think about. Rey stares at Ren. “Why do you look like that?” “What do I look like…to you?” He pauses too long, too often. His words are not easy to stack. They fall over when she tries, and try as she might, she can’t rearrange them to make more language, more sense. To you is tuh-yoo , not a word. He doesn’t speak Basic, he speaks First Order. He speaks as he chooses. She straightens her back, lips pressing together, crushing each other. “You look like a man to me.” “I look like a man to you.” He sits with the soles of his feet pressed together and his knees in parallel. She sits with her knees drawn up to her chest and her heart hidden. “I look like a man…to you.” “Well, you’re not a boy.” “I’m not a boy.” “Stop it.” He speaks as he chooses, he twists what she says, he owns even the air in here. Rey never feels like what she has is hers in the hours she locks herself away with him; she remains his guest. He calls forth the questions from her, he anticipates the answers – she thinks. He thinks his mental body is desiccating, that if she doesn’t explain everything, he’ll understand nothing. There’s no viewport into the early sky lilac of her mind, into the reason why she might read a line out loud, pushing too hard with her mouth to get the shapes just right. Does it feed back into her head? Does her mind learn to bend itself around them too? Does she hear her own voice, does she comfort herself with herself now that they’ve gone silent? Is there a silence that his voice filled before? “‘Man’ describes nothing. There’s nothing about ‘man’ that has meaning, and it’s not what you meant.” He can’t be wrong about what she meant. He can’t hazard a guess, not Kylo Ren on his very last day, not the insidious soul of Ben Solo stirring, ready to scream when he recognises what he’s done. “You met Han Solo. You know General Organa.” And she sees you, if he sees either of them at all. “They both contributed.” “You don’t deny it,” she points out. “But you still hide your face.” “As my grandfather did.” “Because he had to. Obi-Wan almost killed him on Mustafar.” “I honour his memory.” “By dishonouring his daughter.” Her freshness isn’t wasted on him, or her antagonism, or the softened squareness of her jawline and chin. She has to stay a girl even if he can’t be a boy forever, neutered and immune. Kylo the man wears armour which restrains as well as protecting him. Kylo the man is fresh too. He could be as innocent as her. “You can pretend all you like that those aren’t her eyes in the middle of your face, but it must be hard for you to do that, so you put a helmet on, maybe because you aren’t strong enough to deal with the fact that those are her eyes in the middle of your face, and you do look like that, and captive or not, you showed your mother you had the lightning and agreed to the ritual. You could’ve lied to her. You should’ve lied to her, if you don’t really want to be her son again.” “That’s not –” His neck is hard and corded, his body thrums. “What you meant.” But he doesn’t hurt her. He defends, deflects, but he doesn’t hurt her. “What did you mean?” One more day of this. One more day of lop-sidedness, half her limbs gone, her legs short and straight, never eating up the ground, her shadow her own, her fingers clever and hers, her body back, her body missing. One more day before she can watch him weaken with clear eyes, and then perhaps she’ll sleep. “I mean people assume that if a monster doesn’t look like a monster, it isn’t. They assume it’s something wonderful, and the things it does must be wonderful too.” “What…did you…mean?” “Nothing,” she breathes. “Why did she give that to you?” “Because the lines are short.” So lonely, that child. So lonely, this woman. She ran her gaze up and down the same holorecords, the same data panels with the same instructions, she muttered them to herself as she scrubbed the innards of Star Destroyers for the Blobfish, as she waited, as she rotted, as she dreamed, and he sees this go through her, but her thoughts are early sky lilac and her own. He can’t bleed into them with his red, he can’t share in the pure, childish tears he rarely had cause to cry. Happy, that was Ben Solo at first, the man he would die for, the man he might live to be. “You’re going to let tomorrow happen to me.” “You’re going to let tomorrow happen to yourself.” “ Stop it .” Chapter 4 : Bonds and Burdens Kylo Ren is wearing plain white homespun, the uniform of a dozen systems. He was handed a light-coloured shirt to put on, signifying penitence, and he looks how she always imagined he would. Leia notes a slight wasting, a prominent collarbone above the open neck of the shirt. She’s squatting the correct distance away, bones creaking, dwarfed by but overwhelming the boy crouched opposite. The cell can’t really fit both of them, their shared past, the fluctuations they create in the Force, rushing and retreating like waves. He wants, she wants. No one gets. “Your father told me to forget it.” After Endor, heading to Bakura, the first time she’d seen Anakin Skywalker’s flickering form in the shadows. “To forget him , Vader, to forget that he was my father. Just…forget. Bail Organa was my father. Luke was my brother, and if I didn’t need more than that, I shouldn’t ask for it. Han saw everything so simply. He made me see everything so simply.” “Because he was a simple Corellian smuggler who didn’t know any better.” Their son doesn’t look enough like either of them. He has high, thrusting cheekbones, and his nose will never be straight – a trait of his father’s expressed environmentally, a tendency to get in fights with creatures with meaty fists. Everything about him is angular, but the look in his eyes is flat. “I know your history better than you do,” he says. “Princess-General-Mother Leia Naberrie Amidala Skywalker Organa Solo.” But he wishes he didn’t. He wishes he didn’t have to hold that over her head, punch another hole through her when the bloody void inside her is already a masterpiece of pain. Ben can’t get through Kylo Ren, not even when his armour has been taken. White and vulnerable, his only response is to make her angry. His bruises are healing, but closer to whole is closer to human, to grief. Only the girl should be able to come in here. Only she bridges the gap, the grey. “Would you rather it was me who’d died?” Perhaps better unasked. Leia straightens, her cramped joints seeming to whistle. She dusts herself down, her padded front, her knees. She was meant to be growing old today, not masterminding another war. “Will you always blame me for sending you away?” Best unanswered. In plain homespun, he looks like a Jedi. . Finn has the guard position at Rey’s shoulder; she rattles like a failing starship instead of shaking how a human should shake, he’s noticed that about her. Petals drift through the air before fading into the grass, softening the scene. It’s as if the weather system and changing season are trying to soften a blow. Ren locks onto her, the girl, the instant he emerges. Her skin is stretched tight over her young bones, back at the ears; she rarely undoes her hair. When she does, when she pulls out the tangles and begins again, she ties the knots too tight – some things have to be permanent, some sandblasted images still clear enough to be recognised. He’s felt his own scalp sting in her fight to freeze time, her abandonment to adulthood mirroring his. He welcomes that. She stayed, they went. He went, they stayed. He welcomes the symmetry. He doesn’t care, or pity, because she’ll be remembered, this girl. Not by her family, but she’ll live on. Will he? “Ben.” Shorter than his nephew, Luke moves forward with his palms upraised. There’s a void in him which matches Leia’s, but the difference is that he doesn’t bother to hide it. Being stoic isn’t his only way to be strong. “Are you ready?” He’s my brother, he’d heard his sister say so across space. He’d felt the future solidify as he lifted their father’s limp body in his arms. Across time, he’s certain her answer to the question of her son would be the same. This is how it has to be. You told me that. “Yes.” Only one officiant is required, but he drops to his knees before four. Kylo Ren has enough experience of executions to be wary about three extra witnesses. He wonders if he’s going to die today. It would be ironic, now they’ve gotten him all dressed up for redemption. “Ben Solo,” Luke intones, without flimsi or holo to guide him. He’s the heaviest thing on the light side of the Force, visible for miles of mental landscape. “You have given your consent to the Ritual of Talzin, fulfilling the first requirement. You have separated from your bond-mate and now fully occupy your body, fulfilling the second requirement.” Bond-mate . Again Rey sees Han Solo fall, again the sight of Kylo Ren begins a slideshow of restraints and damp fear. It doesn’t seem strange that that’s where she first found her power, pleasure in the way he recoiled from her, freedom when she walked away from that room, that terrible chair. She’s supposed to be free. Luke has just declared her to be free of him. Untethered, she should be able to take flight. She has earth beneath her heels, but no air in her lungs. “In order to fulfil the third requirement, you have given your consent to penitence. This is pain of the physical form, inflicted without anger, as punishment for crimes against others and yourself. If you truly surrender to this ritual, upon which your cleansing is contingent, you will not use any means to defend yourself.” The archaic phrasing irritates Luke’s tongue. The archaic act Luke has to perpetrate doesn’t feel righteous. It’s neither good nor evil, Jedi nor Sith. It’s calculated, but not cruel. It’s a balancing act. “Do you maintain this consent?” “Yes.” The first stone bounces off Ren’s shoulder. He keeps still, gazing calmly ahead. He could, he thinks, rain down sparks and death and burn the Rebellion to the dust of its own bones. He’d leave his mother in the middle of it all, the sole survivor and spectator, if he had it in him to hurt her anymore. Words he can do, but not actions. He could no more raise his hand to her than he could to the girl, who has a purple gouge in her lower lip, tooth-marked. She would rather be anywhere but here, but he needs her, so here she is. Another balancing act. The second stone hits the upper left quadrant of his chest, and he does nothing at all. Weakness, he was destined to it from the day he was born. Emptiness. Choices made for him. He wasn’t taken to be brought here, he let the girl take him. He let Snoke take him. He let Ben be taken over, overawed by that great love, by the unfair goodness of everything he grew to love back. So much love, so much capability for love that even the tiniest offence was forgiven as soon as it was committed. The little prince could do no wrong, so Kylo did it all. He refused to believe they’d have him anyway, sensitive or not, perfect or not. They revealed themselves when they sent him away like cargo, no, he wasn’t too young to feel her parcelling him up with her Force ability, yes, shrouding him in silence with something they never spoke about. His great and glorious mother didn’t decide to tell him why, or how, and his great and glorious father didn’t to stop her. The third stone strikes his forehead, an unexpectedly spiteful blow which breaks open a bruise. Blood begins to drip down his temple, to roar in his ears. Suffering is overflowing Leia like lava, steady, deadly. Luke is strength, actual propulsion, but hers is the accuracy – she wasn’t always a mother, mother in the reductive way he means it, as if that’s all she is. She manned a turret. She wore a blaster. If her son – reductive – knows her history, he should know that it was Leia who woke the Skywalker in Luke, Leia with the mask and the thermal detonator and the chain and the cold heart, Leia who was born ready to blow. Pinkish ripples of dark, true Dark-tinged anguish frame her petite frame, but her knowledge is her power. She looks into that familiar face, knuckles white around thin air, and another stone hits home. “Stop it.” Rey stops hoping that they will and speaks aloud, low, fierce. She breaks away from Finn and puts herself between the twins, not knowing which to turn to. “This isn’t penitence, it’s torture. Stop it .” Her master, her mentor, all she’ll ever long to be encapsulated in two Force-wielders with auras like rotting fruit. “This isn’t right, stop it!” “Girl.” It’s Ren’s real voice, hoarse and gritty, and it surprises her – that he didn’t push into her when she was on the verge of connecting with him all by herself. He could’ve done it, and she couldn’t have stopped him. She could’ve let him poison her with the pain he’s never grown big enough to hold inside, a more honest kind of venom than Leia’s black stare. She would’ve let him, hearing his voice. She turns to him. She reaches out, but it’s his mind that draws away from hers. “I gave consent,” he says. “But –” “I gave consent. Your feelings have no place here.” But it’s as if he runs his fingers along her insides, applying pressure, silently soothing. You need to let this happen. I need you to let me let this happen . But he can’t have. She crashed down in her body at the violation of his, appalled – so they aren’t connected, so he can’t have touched her, physically or psychically. So she must be wide awake, just dreaming. She must’ve been comforting herself by recycling gestures from old holos, skimming them from the books of poetry she has to sound out to understand, but it has nothing to do with the dark-haired boy in plain white homespun, the man in front of her. Her stomach bottoms out with the sudden imbalance of power, the suddenness of her dependence on him as well, a reflection of his on her. He shouldn’t be able to shut her out. He shouldn’t be strong enough to leave her behind. “He gave consent.” They’re only doing as they’re told, she’s only doing as he’s telling her if she repeats the propaganda written to excuse barbarism. “My feelings have no place here.” No one’s matter, and she’s no one. No one is numb to the transcendent connection, the so-called bond-mate, the fantasy brush of fingers. If no one were someone, she could be glad the penitent is on his knees. She could turn away all the same. Running the first few minutes, Finn jogs beside her, burning off concerned energy. Slowing, he’s too good a friend to glance sideways at her. Whatever moisture he can’t ignore, he blames on the wind. Heading back to Galen, she’s in search of chatter, warmth, the clatter of plates regardless of the time of day. She’s after the new normalcy of people whose power is their brains or hearts or strong arms. Without the insulation of the bond, she’s a bare wire, nothing to do but short. Colours are bright and urgent, her clothes seem to snag on her skin. Poe watches them enter the hangar from under his long eyelashes and doesn’t down tools. Rey pounds up the gangplank and scrunches down in the pilot’s seat of the Millennium Falcon until her knees hit her throat. She presses until her breathing is reduced to a thin stream of oxygen, curls into a ball so tight she can’t make out her own edges. She’s always huddled like this in the dark in dark moments, hugging herself in the childish belief that if she lets the vastness of space engulf her, she can accept infinity and stop being afraid of it. It never works, but for once the hot black stars and lack of an approaching craft aren’t the worse she has to deal with. She misses him. She misses Kylo Ren. His dismissal burns. Without him tapping her for his share of her emotions, they outnumber her actual thoughts. Her progress with Luke is unprecedented, but still slow enough to frustrate her. With Finn she can be quiet and laugh at the same time, from Poe she learns without actively participating in anything but bad jokes. Without them, without even her own weight as ballast in the struggle to seal off the bond, she’s lost track of gravity. The Falcon’s viewports are grimy; Rey dings her elbow on the instrument panel trying to wipe one clean with her sleeve. Sore, she lashes out at the shield controls – the alarm which sets up wailing in response finally manages to frighten out everything else in her head. She goes deaf, blind but to the pulsing red light. She wheezes softly. Peace, at last, in the most unlikely of places. . The hand that stretches out towards Kylo is trembling. The hand that touches Ben, wiping away blood and sweat, leaving a rusty smear, is firmer. Her brown eyes meet his brown eyes, and it has very little to do with any force but that which ties them together. “You killed your father,” Leia says gently. “Han Solo, whom I loved very, very much. I first met him on the detention level of the first Death Star. I thought he needed a haircut and some manners. Ben.” Lightly, she brushes the fuzzy edges of the wide-lipped mouth. “Oh, Ben.” “Take it away,” he begs her. He grips her wrists, long fingers overlapping, binding himself to her as the last stable thing in the universe. “I don’t want to use it. I can’t .” “I wish…” But she doesn’t have to tell him what she wishes. She lays her cheek against his. Into the garbage chute, flyboy. She doesn’t have to forgive him, but it happens. It comes to the lovers of all such impossibilities, and their mothers too. “That was a good thing you did, making her go away.” “She’ll come back.” “I know.” “She’ll see me.” “I know.” “She’ll see me.” “I know. But it’s going to be alright now, you’ll see. She’ll see too.” I love you. I know. Luke stands aloof, where he is, his own blood singing at the same resounding pitch as theirs. His are the feelings which have no place here. He ran far, far away from this battle, but the fight came to him all the same. The third part of the ritual is concluded. Chapter 5 : Revelation Listen to the small heart. Today is the day, Ben is born. Placed in the paw, look him in the eyes. Her eyes, strong. The chin for a man, not a boy. Ben smell. Flapping Ben ears. Ben cries, more than one. Family. Leia is family, Ben becomes family. Strange, human child in Wookiee paw. Not strange. Family. Can’t hear the answers if don’t ask the questions. Listen to the small heart. Ben is born. But only a memory; an enquiring growl into the darkness, and he comes forward on his hands and knees, glimmering with sweat in patches of light from above. “Hello, Chewbacca.” He hasn’t Ben cried in years, but Chewie could never believe in Kylo Ren. He has flapping Ben ears. Ben in a mask and a cowl is Ben. Ben, grown so tall, is still Ben. Names only matter in Basic, to humans, to human sensitivities. Ben will always be Ben, who killed Han. Ben will always be Ben, hairy, flushing red, already angry at the world at an hour old. Ben who has wounds for her – the slash dividing his face, throat, shoulder, which healed white and clean but never went away – and has wounds for him – the bite mark of the blast in his side, blood on the snow. He appreciates Chewbacca’s wound. He wishes it had gone through his head. He crawls because his legs won’t hold him up, and the heels of his hands are grazed, and his penitent white knees are fraying. He doesn’t want to die a shadow as the layers of darkness peel away from him, as the stirring strength at his centre is ashamed. Or does he want to be dead? Or does he wish it had gone through his head? His body is a mass of scars, a map of people he should’ve loved. Chewie isn’t sorry. Chewie won’t ever be sorry, but Ben will always be Ben. Chewbacca is loyal above anything else, loyal to a Solo who wouldn’t want him to hate his son. He’s loyal to this Solo, but he won’t be sorry for hurting him. Half his home is gone, his Han, the other half piloted by Rey’s unquenchable thirst for new, unexpected, loudness and quietness and everything he has to teach her. Ben has sacrificed the pilot’s chair, his unsteady grip on shaggy leg fur, dirty spanners and wrenches his playthings. This Solo will never be that Solo, but Chewbacca is loyal above anything else. Ben became family. Ben is family. Ben is going deaf. Ben is going mute. Ben is losing the ability or the will to focus on anything but the lightning finding its way back into the outside, forcing a route through him into everything else. The energy will go to earth. The charge will dissipate. Until it does, he’s electrified, slowly frying, burning up. Off food, panting for water. Twitching, unceasing, unsleeping. The powerful hands can’t grip or close, the powerless fingers jump when he tries. The floor is safer since he can't cling, so he’s less likely to knock himself out if he falls. The shirt that was white is now grey, but must never be black again. The scar that crosses his jaw, the defeat that leaks onto his shoulder looks like a tear in whatever Ben’s made of to Chewbacca. He heaves the struggling man up by his armpits, bringing him to his knees. “Thanks.” He sways. The expression on his face is a pit, and he topples forward into matted, wiry chest fur. The Wookiee grunts, chuffs, longs to howl. “I’m sorry,” says the human, hollow. His feet dance, drum a funereal march on the ground. They’re filled with the hot coals of dying blue sparks. The big paw cups the hard head: placed in the paw, look him in the eyes. “I’m so sorry,” says Ben, hollow. He wants to spit out his misery, spit out his apologies, spit himself out. The light seduced him, so he gave in, but the light has abandoned him. But the light has never left him. But the light is never far away. “You see, don’t you?” A whisper. “You see me.” Blackened. Burnt. The muscles covering his skull contract, bringing down pale purple shutters which make the dark cell seem darker. His skin feels one cell thick. Chewie doesn’t see. Chewie listens, but not to the slippery sounds of Basic. He listens to the small heart. . Rebels keep time by their stomachs, not by clocks. Food is more important to Rey than almost anything. Having it, not having it, ignoring the emptiness when she doesn’t get it was the centre of her life forever, so she still crams it into her mouth, still licks her fingers, stares down her clean plate at the end and wonders what happened, where breakfast lunch or dinner went, where the time goes. Her body refuses to fill out. She’s solid, but shivers in the wind. Her hair has more shine to it, a little more wave. There’s no right way to survive, is there? “I can’t understand unless you explain it to me .” Poe pushes his barely touched bowl towards her, fascinated. He’s a snacker. He keeps snacks everywhere, in pockets and bags, at his workstation. A full meal is a rarity for Poe Dameron, who doesn’t inhale his rations. She does. She puts her face close to the bowl and gobbles, too used to being hungry to be ashamed. There’s an exhausted Mon Calamari pilot at another table, two techs sitting together. They’re the only ones speaking. The two o’clock sky is jade, dimmed by the horizontal slats of a temporary roof. “Rey?” “What?” “For you to explain it to me, you’re going to have to explain it to me .” Vitamin powder doesn’t taste of anything, but she sucks up the creamy splodge of the side of her wrist before saying that there’s nothing to say. “It doesn’t matter. It was nothing.” “Finn thinks it was something.” “Finn needs to mind his own business.” “Only you don’t mean that.” He smiles like a smuggler, all sharp teeth and curling top lip. “And when we go off to Storm-nap the troopers patrolling the rim worlds, there won’t be anyone around when you realise you don’t. Beebee-Ate is the best and smartest droid ever constructed, sure, but he’s not great with illogical emotion.” They’ll go soon, but he won’t worry that they won’t come back. He won’t consider that Stormtroopers are armed with blasters, that Finn could die, that he and Finn could die before they decide to stop dancing and start doing. Poe’s not in the habit of ignoring the obvious, but it’s a kind of atonement to fix his own lack of acknowledgement when it’s glaring back at him from Rey. “So come on. Explain the bond thing to me. Explain why you won’t go see Ren. Explain why you’ve stopped drilling with Skywalker.” For the first time in her life, Rey picks. She pauses to pick at her food, to draw patterns in the goo at the bottom of the bowl. Her eyes are brown and green and limitless. “Have you ever been lonely?” “Everyone gets lonely.” “Not like this.” Not even like the little girl on Jakku, learning to scavenge when she began to starve. “If you were alone, truly alone, and something happened which meant you could never be alone again.” If there were another gunner in charge of his synapses. If he fired without meaning to, and lit up the galaxy from one end to the other. “If it started to feel like…like an arm, but you had to cut it off. If your head was suddenly an empty cave, with just your brain rattling around inside.” Rey can’t see the reconstituted food, or the dented bowl, or the bronzed, grazed, smeared backs of Poe’s hands. “If you could reattach the arm, but the arm didn’t want to be reattached to you.” Rey can’t see anything but blood on the snow, and the voice she hears counts for more. I can show you , insist her dreams. “If you lost control.” That gets her attention. The bowl wobbles dangerously. “What?” “If you lost control,” Poe repeats patiently. “You cut off the arm. You make the rules. Now the arm doesn’t want to be reattached to you, so who’s in charge? Your rogue arm.” He should probably have more hatred in his heart, given the severity of his torture. He shouldn’t be able to speak rationally about Kylo Ren, who never took off his helmet when it was Poe in that chair, who never felt the need to show Poe he was human too – and it’s the too that matters, that he is as much as she is. “I figure you’ve been in charge of you your whole life. You take care of you. You make the choices. The little guy doesn’t persuade you to be his second best buddy, you decide all on your own that you’re going to allow yourself to like him.” The little guy is currently tucked up recharging, their half-droid half-friend. There’s a hole in space next to Poe where two sturdy orange and white moons should be: the pilot is a planet, the droid his satellite. His gravity draws Rey and everybody else closer with no feeling of threat. It wouldn’t hurt to crash into Poe Dameron. It shakes the stars when she crashes into herself. She got used to the way the wind howled through her desert dumpsite home, deserted but for her, carrying grit. Rey, loneliness at her back, had time to get used to anything. Eight hours, nine, ten. Lying down earlier didn’t make it easier. Sitting up now doesn’t make it easier. She’s so used to the movement of that unattached arm, the promises he whispered to her. She’s used to jerking awake in a body that doesn’t belong to her, and her skin shrinks, tightening to the point of pain when she can’t. At night, in the absence of the island, she traded knowledge for emotion. In the day, Luke’s lightsaber spun and she felt herself fly before the final slash; he explained it as the Fourth Form, taught by Obi-Wan Kenobi to his apprentice, Anakin Skywalker. Ben Kenobi didn’t have time to teach it to Anakin’s son. Luke Skywalker tells her that Anakin’s grandson prefers Four and Five. Like his father before him, he prefers to fly, but both he and she land too hard at the end of their arc. Her muscles confirm it. They sink into the ground in boots with worn soles from too much roaming. They didn’t have enough time with softer things, time enough to become graceful. They land hard because they’ve lived hard. She could’ve had more time with the softer things, but he didn’t let her. “I know.” It’s gotten so cold inside her, where the truth is still half-frozen. Parts of it are thawing, dripping into her consciousness, or else she would’ve gone to him like she promised. She comes to him now, to Ben. She stands in his empty cell where his empty body takes up most of the floor space, smelling ripe, smelling afraid. Invisible bands of electric light cocoon him, though he can’t see them. She can’t see them either, only sense him twanging on the same frequency as her. Over and over, the Force pulls at her. It isn’t just Ben Solo who has to let the light in. “I know,” she says again. Her lips are numb. “About Jakku.” Slowly, he turns onto his back. His clothes are wearing to threads. The sigh she hears leave him is a wrench, a millennium’s worth – or a decade’s, while they both grew older than their years. His chest is concave, his eyes are chasms. “You know about Jakku.” And he gives her nothing, this man who took her everything. He took his penance, he took her pride, and he gives her nothing for the ice which makes her numb to the lushness of the life outside, and the life within, or to the rippling pressure of the entire universe. Which is nothing, somehow, to the rippling pressure which wraps around her too, which holds her down and up to his gaze. Her stomach ties itself into a knot, glossy with ice. “And the temple. And the others.” And the words are bitten, chewed, rejected. And their taste is bitter, wrong, final. The jewel bright sky is completely hidden in here; she feels as trapped as he is in that moment, in that moment of memory. “You destroyed my home. My family .” A dozen other miniature Jedi, swathed in robes they’d never grow into because they’d never be tall like him. A home with walls and a floor and the slapping, happy noise of running footsteps. “I’m no better than any of them. I never was.” He lifts his chin. The pulse in his neck is too fast, she can see it. “What are you asking me?” “Why?” Without being aware of it, she’s started to cry. She cries silent tears which go nowhere. They stop on her cheeks, but she doesn’t care if he notices them gleaming in the dark. He rocks for the both of them, filled with the cruel, crackling energy that’ll die still fighting to consume him. Ben took, and Ben took, and Ben took, and if he gives the girl anything, he’ll give her everything. “Why me? Why save me? Why me, and none of the others?” He’ll give her a viewport into his agonised mind, and she’ll see him, small heart in a large cage, crying himself blind a decade ago over the orange-suited dolly she held clutched in her first. Because she was. Because she is. Because she was meant to be. Kylo Ren burned a temple, but Ben Solo hid a map. Kylo Ren committed a massacre, but Ben Solo saved a child. Nothing offsets anything else, excuses anything else. There is nothing conquering nothing, no great triumph for either side. All there is the luminosity between them, the shimmering possibility that he couldn’t cut through with the red saber he’d made in secret. All there was was the doll, the ocean of death all around them. “You’re the last good thing I did,” he tells her. Rey puts out her hand because she has to. What else can she do? She was little more than a baby, and she still isn’t old enough to name what she feels. Knowledge for emotion, the answer to the trade is that the way to belong is to belong to him. There’s no right way to survive, is there? His fingers are thin, hers are battered. They disappear into his grasp, and they’re warm again – not because she’s forgotten how he tormented her, but because she does. She remembers more than that. She remembers being hungry, parched, starburnt, shaping the blocks of her life freehand, and nothing she built would ever stay up. Flowers died, scrap metal was worth less, she was worth less and worthless. She remembers how it felt to be how he is now, without a mask to be someone else behind. He’s here, and she is. The floor is colder under her knees than her blood, than the blood of the younglings. But Ben is still, at last. Rey stills, at last. The fourth part of the ritual is concluded. Notes: Come find me on Tumblr . I won't bite.