The time that passed between the two silent entities standing opposite each other on the little island in that particularly desolate corner of the galaxy could have stretched far beyond what most people could comprehend, but meanwhile so little time passed that it could have felt like no more than a fleeting moment for even a species with the shortest of lifespans. The world neglected to move in those moments, however long or short they were. The crashing of waves onto rocks subsided, the wind dropped, and the two stared at each other. One – the scavenger – stood with an arm outstretched, a weapon in her hand. She showed the posture of a warrior, of someone worthy to be stood in the other’s presence, while maintaining the child like desperation in her eyes. She wasn’t here of her own choosing, someone else had sent her, but she needed it just as much as the others. She needed the validation, the acceptance, the purpose. The other – the hero, the teacher, the best friend and the brother – watched on. He did not move, he did not speak or stutter or even mumble some acknowledgement of the other’s emotions. His eyes stared her down, even the bearer not knowing if he was looking at her with anger or sadness. Nonetheless, the emotion was felt intensely by both parties as they stood in a battle of silence. The short moments stretched on and on, time passing the same as always but the perception of it ever slower than usual. Every little detail was picked up on, every movement was noticed. Both the scavenger and the hero watched each other down to their very breathing, matching the rise and fall of their shoulders with the other. In the end, it was the younger of the two who broke the silence. “You have to come back.” She said, taking three footsteps to close the gap between them. The hero did not move, instead only planting his feet more firmly into the soft ground below him. The world was kicked back into motion with the waves making a cacophony of sounds around them. They failed to deter her from her mission. “The First Order are growing stronger, and we need your help. We cannot do this without you… We must face them! Fight them!” She urged, another desperate step being taken towards him as her feet joined together. The lightsabre was still extended before her, if only he would reach out and take it. The Resistance sought his return desperately, but there was only so much emotion she could convey alone. “Master Skywalker-“ “-I am not your Master.” He retorted quickly, turning away from her to look back out over the edge of the cliff. The blades of grass by his feet blew with the wind, blowing towards him as if the combined force of each individual piece of flora would somehow turn him to face her and continue the conversation. “You must return to the Resistance, Rey.” The girl bit down on her lip, teasing it gently between her teeth as she thought. On the one hand, returning was enough. She had seen Skywalker and asked him to return, and he had refused. Going back now would mean she could stand in the warm embrace of her friends with sun beating down on her. It gave her the option to return to Jakku, to the place she considered her home. Perhaps her family had returned for her and they were looking for her now. She could return to the life she had always known and always lived, and go back to the old ways of habit and relative safety. At the same time, however, she felt a certain sense of duty. The Resistance had entrusted her to bring Skywalker back. Not only that, the General had asked for her to bring her brother home. In that way she and the General weren’t too dissimilar. Both were waiting for their families to return for them, and they had both been waiting for far too long. For the General to have the closure that she could never have herself, she had to bring Skywalker back. Perhaps by reuniting the two siblings she could share in some of the joy she would never experience herself. “Your sister misses you.” She eventually said, deciding that there was no point in overcomplicating things. The man had rejected coming back as a Jedi, as the hero that everyone else saw him as. Perhaps something as simple as the idea of seeing his family again could draw him away from the island. “For her, come back for her. The galaxy can wait, but your sister needs you. She’s lost her son, she’s lost her husband, please just give her her brother back.” There was a scoff from the man that stood before her, and he shook his head as he spoke again with an amused tone to his voice. “Leia does not miss me. She would have come herself if that was the case.” He said plainly. “She sent you, Rey, and that means she wants a warrior.” The man turned around and approached the young girl, bringing one hand to rest under her chin and tilt her face up ever so slightly. Metal . Why she hadn’t expected this, she didn’t know, but everything about Skywalker was a story. She didn't know what was real and what wasn't. The hand he lost clearly was real. His eyes looked over her and an amused smile teased its way onto his lips. “I’ll admit, even I never thought she’d find you.” Rey took a step back, suddenly uncomfortable with the proximity of the older man and the way he was looking at her. “How do you know who I am?” She asked, her voice no longer as determined and as sure footed as it had been earlier. He had taken control of the situation easily; it would be impossible to get her way now. “The same way you know who I am.” He chuckled. “I was a legend, you were a myth. Now go. If Leia is so keen on finding me, she knows where I am. I’m sure this isn’t the last time we’ll meet, but you need to return to your friends.” And just as suddenly as it had started, Skywalker removed his hand and turned away once more. He looked out over the ocean, his face as cold as steel. Rey did not know what he was doing, but she realised quickly that there was no disturbing the Jedi. Silently, she lay the weapon down upon a grassy rock and turned to leave. “It’s yours now.” He told her simply. “Take it and go. Do with it as you please.” Rey paused, waiting a moment to check if he was telling her the truth or just testing her, before she walked away without it. She had her staff – something she could fight with – there was no point in having the lightsabre as well. As she walked back through the ruins of a settlement she felt the hope and life drain from her. Her mission had been a failure, Skywalker was not returning with her and instead she was to go back to D’Qar with more questions than answers – and something told her that her questions would not be answered. Skywalker knew who she was, somehow, claimed that she was a myth. But she wasn’t, she was there and she was real, and she was nothing more than a lost girl doing what she was told in the hope that she got things right. She didn’t. Upon seeing the Millennium Falcon before her she sat on the ground. The grass was damp and the air was salty and crisp, but she paid no mind to it. Her heart felt heavy with sadness and confusion, and part of her was afraid. The kindness that she had always tried to keep hidden away had brought her here. She had allowed BB-8 to follow her out of pity, and now she was here. There was nothing stopping her taking herself back to Jakku and letting Chewbacca and R2-D2 return to D’Qar without her, nothing but attachment. She had always tried to ignore the call within her to form some kind of meaningful relationship and this was exactly why, because it was an inconvenience, it made doing the necessary so much harder. Returning to Jakku would be for the best, but she would leave Finn behind on a world where he knew nothing or no one. And while she may have been in the same position, she had the choice to return whereas he did not. She could return to Jakku and spend the rest of her days waiting for a family that would never return, the sands whipping up into a storm around her until her life wasted away into nothing, lost in the dust of time. Staying and fighting would make her something more permanent, would make her valued and worth more than just portions and scrap. If nothing else, she owed it to the General to tell her what had happened. So Rey stood and completed the walk back to the ship, admiring it every step of the way. It brought back memories of Han, the man she had met and lost in such a short space of time, but she knew the stories. He had been important, he had mattered, and even when he didn’t want to be involved he still did what was right. Maybe she should do the same. As she sat herself down in the old leather pilot’s seat, Rey took in her surroundings. She watched the controls before her lighting up, kicked at a rock that had gotten beneath the console, and brushed her fingers over some of the dust and sand that had collected from the ships extended stay on Jakku. It was in that moment that she made her decision. Her fingers worked quickly and nimbly over the controls, setting in co-ordinates for the Resistance base on D’Qar. Rey took a deep breath, letting the air flow through her body and letting herself take a moment to relax – the calm before the storm. She had to tell the General. She had to return to Finn. She needed to find answers. Perhaps by going back to D’Qar, at least some of those would be set into motion. Rey shared a moment’s glance with the Wookie sitting beside her, watching him flash what appeared to be a reassuring smile as she pulled a lever towards her There was no turning back now.