New Beginning “Come on solider, use your training! This is your final test!” someone yells from inside the training room. Bullets can be heard penetrating various materials: glass, metal, cement. Casings drop to the ground so quickly that it sounds as if an isolated torrential rainstorm is inside the room. Poe waits in the hallway on the other side of the door. His friend—who should actually be called his boyfriend, but neither one has actually said the word boyfriend —is taking his last examination to become a sharpshooter for the Resistance. And that title does not come easily. Finn has trained nearly day and night for the last 8 months: ten mile runs at 5 am, tactical shooter simulations on weekends, and lectures from sun up to sun down, Poe has not been able to spend as much time with Finn as he would like. Yes, the pilot has his own busy schedule, but their relationship—if it should even be called that—has gone nowhere in the 8 months since. Poe thinks back to the amount of times they actually touched. Him lazily placing a single kiss on Finn’s lips, cheek, or hand, Finn not initiating any of them. Unfortunately, Poe’s had more physical contact with BB-8 than he has with his friend—boyfriend—Finn. Resolved, Poe can sense things are going to change between the two of them now that Finn is done with training. They can take it to the next level, if Finn wants, of course. What brings Poe back into the present is a holler, “Whoo! That’s one hell of an eye you’ve got! Welcome aboard, soldier,” says a tall man with short-cropped hair that walks out of the training room followed by Finn who is glowing with pride. “Thank you sir. “ They shake hands. As the tall man walks by Poe comes to attention. “Lieutenant Colonel,” Poe extends out of respect. “Commander,” the other mirrors his movements. As the Colonel rounds the corner, Poe runs to jump into Finn arms. “I’m so proud of you, babe,” Poe whispers into Finn’s neck. He pulls back to take in the man in front of him. Finn’s eyes are wide and gleaming, a toothless grin on his mouth. “Are you hungry, Finn? Let’s eat.” Finn doesn’t object as Poe tugs him down the hallway out into the courtyard where it looks like people have gathered for a party. Poe looks back at Finn just as he realizes that the party is for him. “Is this-?” “It’s all for you, baby.” “Congratulations!” at least thirty people yell from around a campfire. Bottles of beer, cigarettes, and stacks of wrapped boxes scattered among them. Finn has no time to react as Poe gently pushes him into the center and people descend upon him with hugs and back pats. A few hours later, Poe looks over at Finn who by that time has spoken with everyone and looks the most confident Poe has ever seen him. Finn’s worked so hard for this moment and Poe just grins at the sight. The two of them make it back to their room late enough for BB-8 to already have gone into her sleep/charge mode for the night. Poe takes advantage of that fact. As soon as the door shuts behind them, Poe turns to Finn and looks him once over. “I know I said this earlier, but I am so proud of you, baby. I knew you could do it.” And with that Finn moves in to cradle Poe’s face between his hands. “Thank you,” he says in a barely audible whisper. Poe closes the gap with a quick kiss. That kiss turns into more. Suddenly Poe is overwhelmed with the fact that Finn’s going to be able to spend more time with him. Hopefully like this, Poe smiles into a deeper kiss. He takes the opportunity to take this further and places his hands on Finn’s waist. That alone elicits a hiss out of his sharpshooter's mouth. This is as far as they've gotten. Yes, Poe the best damn pilot in the galaxy hasn't gotten laid in over 8 months. Poe remembers this and is more eager, gripping tightly onto Finn's waist pulling the Finn flush against his body. Finn most likely can feel Poe's erection. He rubs against it and Poe moans into Finn's mouth from the pit of his stomach, 8 months of desire in one sound. Finn’s lips become soft and hesitant, his body no different. Something is off about Finn now. But because Finn doesn't stop kissing him back, Poe assumes it's nothing. He drags his hand down to Finn’s hip to communicate where he's going. At that Finn shivers and pulls away turning to face the wall opposite Poe. “I am really tired,” he mumbles almost to himself. “Ok. We can pick this up tomorrow then?” Poe, eager to figure out what he did wrong, slips his arms around Finn from behind. When fills the room he asks,“Did I--?“ “No, it’s--I just really want to meet with my team tomorrow, so I need to get some sleep. Plus I’ll be busy for nearly the whole week. Sorry.” Finn doesn’t even turn around to face him. It’s a good thing he doesn’t; because the hurt on Poe’s face is so painful it might make him instantly regret his words. “Oh” “Yeah, um, I‘m gonna take a shower now.” Finn breaks away from Poe sharply and rushes to the bathroom. Poe, the optimist, decides that Finn was probably nervous. "He's had a long day," an empty room listens. "Give him time, Poe." His head quickly snaps in the direction of the bathroom. "Or—make some time." Poe walks over and reaches over his desk to grab his calendar. When Finn comes back into the room Poe starts right away, “So I was thinking since you are going to be busy all this week. How about next weekend you and I go away?” “Away?” Finn stands in the doorway completely caught off guard. “We can take a trip, just the two of us. I checked your schedule and you don’t report until next Monday. I promise, I’ll have you back in time. What do you think? “Uh, that sounds great, Poe,” Finn says blankly. “Great” Poe gets up and crosses the room to take his shower. He delicately grabs the back of Finn’s neck as he passes by. “I can’t wait.” He kisses a surprised Finn slowly for good measure and proceeds to the shower. Finn is in deep sleep by the time he comes back. And that was the last time Poe saw Finn that week. He leaves early and comes back late, always leaving a note: Sorry I missed you. See you soon. Finn Poe decides to not get upset about it, and puts all of his spare time into planning their trip. Chapter 2 : Haven Notes: Based on TFA Kink Meme Prompt: https://tfa-kink.dreamwidth.org/1082.html?thread=7482#cmt7482 Poe wakes with a start. This may be one of the best days of his life or the worst. Today is day that he and Finn are leaving for their trip, three whole days on a planet where they can't be bothered. Hopeful, Poe gets up and takes a look at the bags he's packed, double checking to see if he forgot anything. Just as Poe is finishing up, the door to their room slides open and a panting Finn comes inside. “Good morning,” he breathes out. Clearly he’s just finished a run so his chest is heaving. However, that’s not why Poe is staring. Finn is drenched . It dawns upon Poe why the window’s fogged and there’s patter on the roof. It’s raining. Finn just ran in the rain and his shirt is completely transparent. Finn is ripped like a god, by the way. He’s got a six-pack with a clearly defined V, huge chest muscles, and shoulders cut from steel. It’s like a fantasy. Poe’s mouth falls open slightly. He then realizes that if he looks any longer or responds, they may never leave on time. Poe clears his throat, a little too loud and startles Finn. “Thirty minutes, we leave at 0900.” “Sure thing.” Finn moves to get ready and all Poe can do is stare. “Patience,” Poe scolds himself. “What was that?” Finn looks up from his bent over position. “Nothing,” Poe nearly shouts, failing to keep calm. Finn walks ahead of Poe and climbs up the steps into the ship first, carrying all four bags. He “insisted”. His hips sway with the added weight and those jeans leave little to the imagination. Hugging his statuesque shoulders is Poe’s jacket, the one that Finn wears any chance he can get. Partially because he has no other jacket, and partially because—Poe hopes—Finn cares a lot about him and wants something to remember him by. As soon as they’re up in the air, he relaxes. Three hours have gone by and as they near the destination Poe realizes Finn hasn’t said a word since they took off and it’s making Poe uneasy. “Are you okay buddy?” Poe looks over his shoulder to emphasize his concern. “I’m fine. How’s it going over there?” Poe looks down at his controls. It has been a near perfect flight. Now he hopes that the remainder of the trip goes just as smoothly. “Perfect. We should arrive in 5 minutes.” “Great.” Finn sounds skeptical. “Uh, Poe, where are we going anyway?” “Good question.” Poe can’t help but chuckle. “It’s a planet on the outskirts of the galaxy, a nice place to get away. My parents used to come here for a vacation often. It’s called ‘Haven’.” “Oh” Poe doesn’t know what to make of that response. Conversation comes to a halt again until they’ve landed and step down onto the ground. Haven is just as amazing as Poe remembers. Grass all around them is green and plush. Oak, maple, and pine trees overlook a cliff that goes down into a valley. Only that valley is not barren, there’s a lake. It’s water blue, clean, and pure. “—Poe, I—,” Finn gasps never finishing his sentence. Poe turns around to look at what’s troubling Finn and he’s staring at the house. It’s beautiful. The house is more like a cabin now. Made entirely out of wood, the two stories are broken up by walls of glass. The bottom floor has a sliding door that faces out over the cliff. It would be perfect for watching the sunset. All that he can tell of the second story is that the bedroom is up there, because that’s where it was last time. He can’t believe it, even though he hasn’t been back here in almost two decades, locals must have redesigned it when Poe’s parents died. Poe’s parents had a special relationship with the people of this planet. They have taken extraordinary care of the house. But, it belongs to him now. At 25, he’s not sure he deserves this responsibility. “This is it.” Poe has never been more proud to own anything in his life. “This is yours?” “Yes,” Poe tries to say it in a way that doesn’t come across as arrogant. “And I want to share it with you this weekend.” Poe moves in to grasp Finn’s hand. Finn’s hand is lifeless in return. He says nothing back. “Is that ok?” Poe squeezes Finn’s hand begging him to respond. “No, it's not." Finn says flatly. "Why did you do this?!” Finn looks right into Poe’s eyes when he says this. Dark brown eyes filled with agitation and a special kind of sadness Poe can only describe as melancholy. Poe looks at Finn with a hapless reserve of disappointment. A feeling of rejection decks Poe right in the face. Poe can’t make any audible sound; he just witnessed his worst nightmare come to life. Finn storms away throwing Poe’s hand right back into his chest. This causes Poe to stumble backwards a few feet. It wasn’t even enough force to push Poe down but he fell down just out of a broken heart. The brokenhearted pilot lays on the ground for what feels like hours. By the time he comes to muster the strength to walk into the house. Finn isn’t there. Poe walks upstairs still not recovered. Finn isn’t there either. Poe unpacks and eats some of the food they brought. He doesn’t touch the clothes, he’s not sure they will stay. Rejected and abandoned all in one day, Poe flings himself onto the couch face first. Soon after Poe manages to calm his mind the front door flies open. Poe looks up from the couch, and Finn takes his breath away. Finn is shirtless, his chest heaving from a run. Sweat trickles down from his forehead to his chest, disappearing below his waistband. The six-pack Poe saw earlier in that transparent shirt is so much better outside of it. Poe can’t help but gape at Finn. And as a few moments pass, Poe realizes he’s making Finn uncomfortable. Poe peels his eyes away from Finn. Of course, he was out running. That’s what Finn does, run. Finn comes over to sit down on his knees in front of Poe . “I am so sorry.” Finn was short of breath, but Poe couldn’t decide if that is because of the running or the he raw emotion in his voice. “It’s fine, buddy. I’ll get over it.” “No!” Finn shouts and it strikes Poe with surprise. He calms down and says weakly, “I don’t deserve you.” Poe searches his face; the confident man Poe knows is gone. “You deserve better." Finn’s head is dangling on his chest, obviously avoiding Poe’s face. “Wha—?” “I can’t give you what you want.” Finn is babbling now on the verge of tears, perhaps, but Poe can’t tell because Finn won’t meet his eyes. “I don’t deserve you.” Finn repeats that stupid lie. “Ok stop it, Finn” Poe scolds Finn. And the other man’s eyes shoot up to meet his finally. They are bloodshot. Finn had obviously been crying. And Poe immediately wants to take that back. “You are everything that I want. Fuck—Finn, I need you. And you can’t say those things.” Poe inhales deeply to gather the strength to begin again. “You deserve the best love anyone can give you. And I want to give you mine.” If things were emotional before, now it’s fucking Titanic . Poe doesn’t realize it until it happens. Finn aggressively pulls Poe’s face to his and smashes his lips onto Poe’s. Poe can’t breathe one bit. Finn’s a bit sloppy, inexperienced, and ungraceful. But it’s the most amazing feeling in the universe. But Poe needs to break from Finn’s forceful collision, so he pulls back suddenly before a vein bursts in his neck. “Was I too rough?” The first thing Poe sees when he gathers enough oxygen is Finn lips: wet, full, covered in teeth marks. Poe was gnawing on Finn’s lips. “Shit, are you okay? I was attacking your lips.” Poe’s face starts to change hues and he reaches out to lightly touch Finn's bottom lip. “No, I liked it.” Poe freezes in place. He gives Finn the questionable side eye to see if he was joking. And what Poe sees makes him nearly choke. Finn is biting his own lip and his eyes are fixated on Poe, clearly aroused. “Oh, Finn.” “Poe,” Finn croons for Poe’s attention. “I just want to be able to give you what you want. I—I just don’t know how.” “You—,” Poe says a little irritated as if Finn should know this. He starts over, “I want you to experience this too.” Poe acknowledges his erection. His gaze drops down to his bulge and right back to Finn. Finn follows his gaze. The pilot lowers his voice, “What I want is you…” Poe pauses, sees an attentive Finn and whispers in his ear, “I want you to touch yourself.” Finn looks perplexed when he comes back into view. “Okaaaay?” What Finn does makes Poe laugh. Finn rubs his fingers over cheek and drags them down to his chin. “Ha! No, buddy. Here, I’ll show you how.” Poe moves to sit beside Finn on the floor so that Finn won’t be forced to look Poe in the eyes. Even though that would be enough to have Poe lose all control. It may be embarrassing for his inexperienced boyfr—. “Show me” Finn interjects Poe’s thought. “Please” Poe hurries for an impatient Finn. “Can I—?” Poe’s hand is hovering in the air right in front of Finn’s chest. “Yes” Finn smiles and it warms his heart. Poe’s hand caresses across Finn’s chest to his heart and he pauses. Then he continues down to his stomach, chiseled into those six compartments and line of hair that drives him insane. “Finn, your body—“ Poe skips two breathes. “It’s—“ Poe can’t finish that because Finn is kissing him again, this time with his tongue. Poe is so stunned that he doesn’t return the kiss. He just groans into Finn’s mouth. This time Finn pulls away. “Is that it?” Finn looks down at the hand on his waist. “No, it’s a lot more.” “Tell me. I want to do it.” “Do you trust me?” “Of course” “Lay down.” Poe stays on Finn's left and watches as Finn lowers to the ground. Poe then removes Finn’s pants not breaking eye contact and trying hard to not think about what is happening. He removes Finn’s underwear. Finn hisses through his teeth and closes his eyes not out of pleasure, but what Poe reads as shame. Poe looks down to see what’s so shameful and it’s the most glorious thing he’s ever seen. Finn is huge . His cock is upright, completely hard. Pre-come has soaked it already and it glistens from the light of the sunset. It’s the best sunset Poe has ever seen. That line of hair leads to a bed of dark curls. And those thighs that Poe thinks about all the time are big and muscular. Finn’s eyes are still closed. “Baby.” Poe whispers. He hopes this coaxes him out of his unnecessary embarrassment. Finn meets his eyes. “ You are so beautiful.” Finn looks away; however, Poe takes that as an improvement. Poe wastes no time, and moves on with the instruction. “Finn, grab your…” Poe doesn’t know how to say it appropriately, so he just blurts, “Grab your dick.” Finn hesitantly cups his cock and eventually figures out what Poe wants him to do. “Poe, this wasn’t allowed in—” “It is in my house. “ Poe raises his eyebrows to emphasize his joke. He explains seriously though,“You are not a stormtrooper anymore. Decisions are yours to make. Do you want to do this?” “It feels so good. And I just want you—” “Us,” Poe cuts in to keep clarity going. “—Us to both enjoy this.” “Finn, I am enjoying myself plenty right now.” Poe looks back to Finn's radiant naked body. Finn huffs a quick laugh then his face softens into pleasure as he moves the hand on his cock. Poe tries to not get too distracted by this. “Ok, what do I do next?” “First actually grab yourself. Grip it tighter.” Finn wraps his hand around himself. He clenches his fist hard . The reaction nearly makes Poe come in his pants. Finn’s body jerks up. His mouth gapes wide and he sucks in a chest full of air. While his shaky breath comes in, Finn bolts upright and grabs Poe’s thigh barely grazing Poe’s own cock. He’s not done. He squeezes Poe’s thigh and drops his head, face scrunched and eyes glued shut, “OH," and it’s the most erotic sound Poe has ever heard. Finn’s legs are bent and violently shaking. Poe’s strains to refrain from dropping right onto Finn’s lap and riding him till morning. But that can wait. Finn pants while staring at himself, as he holds his leaking manhood. Poe might actually cry. But instead, he grips the arm Finn is holding onto him by and says, “Pump yourself.” Finn doesn’t move so Poe provides a visual, his hand in a fist moving up and down. Finn doesn’t start off slow. As soon as he reaches the base, his hand is shooting back up at a speed so fast that the clear fluid is flying onto his face. It’s a good look for him. Meanwhile Finn makes every incomprehensible sound that a human and can make, his hand moving faster (Poe thought that was impossible). Poe stares intently. Finn’s pace starts to slow down. And after a few moments realization hits his face. He stops, gabs his cock with both hands and falls back to the floor with still knees bent. Poe’s about thirty seconds away from orgasm. Finn clenches with all the muscles of his arms flexing and thrusts up into his hold, his hips leaving the floor. He bellows a guttural “POE!” The muscles of his abs become more defined and his toes curl under. But before Finn comes Poe’s on the floor next to him saying, “Come on baby, come for me.” Poe wants to relieve himself, because he’s aching , but doesn’t want to miss the face Finn makes. Finn turns his head to the left and looks Poe in the eyes. He comes. He comes violently. Finn is screaming, crying, and thrashing. It’s captivating. And the best part about it, Poe gets to see his face the first time. Finn comes back to reality from the incoherent land of self-pleasure and a few tears fall from his eyes. Poe doesn’t want to touch him yet, fearing that he’s too sensitive at the moment. A few minutes seem to go by and Poe finally asks, “Finn, how are you feeling?” Finn’s face is beaming, “I feel absolutely gone . “ He lays his head back on the ground with a huff. “That was the most euphoric feeling I have ever had. I was in pure ecstasy.” Finn sits up on his elbow and leans over to kiss Poe once. “Thank you.” The smile he has as he pulls away is something Poe will never forget. Speaking of forgetting, Poe’s still throbbing in his pants, but he takes care of that later. Chapter 3 : Meridian Notes: Based on TFA Kink Meme Prompt: https://tfa-kink.dreamwidth.org/1082.html?thread=7482#cmt7482 Rating and Tags may change Morning sneaks up on the pilot. The first thing he sees is Finn. His strong shoulders that transition into his trim torso, a gentle curve that sneaks down below the duvet. His breaths are as soft as his face. He looks beautiful. At this point Poe is just happy to be alive with this one person. He wishes they can stay here forever. Poe watches him sleep for what feels like hours. A little while later Poe quietly makes his way to the kitchen, careful not to wake up Finn. He puts together an old recipe his mother used to make. (It was usually made for dinner. But what the hell?) Half an hour passes and a zombie-like Finn makes his way down the stairs. ”Morning,” Poe quickly says as he kisses Finn then goes back to cooking. ”Mmh, good morning . Poe, that smell is sinful. It’s way too good to eat.” ”It’s something my mom used to make when we’d watch the lunar eclipse.” ”Oh wow, am I that special?” Finn adds with a laugh. ”Yeah, you are.” ”Well, good to know.” Finn’s arms envelop Poe’s chest as he watches him put the final touches on their meal. With breakfast finally finished Poe swivels around on his heels to face Finn. “Speaking of temptation ,” Poe expresses in a sensual way that even shocks him a little. ”Oh yeah?” The pair switches spots guided by Poe so that Finn is now pressed against the counter by the older man. As they kiss Poe can’t stop thinking about all of the ways he wants this weekend to go: 1. They can take their relationship to the next step, sex 2. Continue doing the same damn thing, which will result in a sexually frustrated Poe or 3. Poe can push Finn too far causing an end to their relationship. ”Baby, I want to try something. Tell me if it’s too much. Okay?” Finn is too high on kisses from horny Poe that he just nods. Poe drops to his knees. “You trust me?” he says with a smile. A breathless Finn responds, “Yeah.” The only thing Finn is wearing is boxers. Boxers with a huge tent, which is probably not from the material. With quick removal and toss of an anxious man’s boxers Poe takes a shallow breath in and relishes in the sight in front of him. “I have wanted to do this for so long, Finn.” Poe begins to suck him. He’s gentle, but he can feel the tension in Finn’s hips where the pilot steadies himself. About thirty seconds have passed and Finn hasn’t said a word. So Poe kicks it up a notch. Poe takes Finn into his mouth. Finn’s cock is only a few inches in when he hears Finn cry out. Finn sounded as if he was in pain. So Poe pulls his mouth off of his lover still jerking his erection, and looks up to see an unexpected sight. Finn wasn’t uncomfortable, he was in ecstasy. Because the way he’s gripping the counter top behind him and the tremor in his legs bring a small grin to Poe’s face. ”Babe? ”Oh no.” Finn sinks down to his knees and comes all over the floor panting like he’s just ran for his life. “That was amazing. You’re incredible.” Finn says between breaths. Poe is admiring him. But what the other man says next nearly breaks his heart. ”Oh, Poe, I’m so sorry. You weren’t done were you? Damn it I screwed up again!” ”What?” Poe shakes his head. “Finn, that was amazing. You didn’t screw up. You actually lasted longer than I did my first time,” Poe adds with a chuckle. Finn actually smiles at that and it brings the tension down a bit. ”We should eat. I’ll clean this up. You can try the food, and tell me how sinful it is.” Poe jerks himself off while Finn takes a shower, the brilliant plan that Finn came up with last night. The only downside is everything. Because not only does Poe have to hold in his erection until he gets upstairs, but he also can’t share it with Finn. A seed in no soil his dad used to call it. The remainder of the morning goes by uneventful until around noon Finn starts fidgeting. “Everything okay, babe?” Poe asks while doing maintenance on his other baby, his X-wing. Nervous laughter ensues and Finn says unconvincingly, “Yeah, I’m great!” Yet Finn’s foot tapping says otherwise. ”Sure. Um, how about we take a break. I want to show you something. It’s cold, damp, and dark. The water is so loud that the only way Poe knew Finn was speaking is when he turns around and Finn’s right in his ear. “Can you hear me?!” ”Ha! Now I can. Isn’t this amazing?!” ”Yeah! How did you even find this place?!” ”One day I got in a fight with my dad and ran from the house. I climbed for hours until I found this cave!” ”Yeah! I think it was two hours!” announces a clearly deafened Finn. They have to be at least 2,500 feet up, Poe could see the cave entrance on the jet on the way in. It’s dim with only one light source, a small break in the waterfall that allows in the afternoon sun. His insanely fit boyfriend obviously had no trouble making the climb. And Poe had grown up just half a mile down the mountain. A majority of the climb was spent making jokes and chasing one another, occasionally a couple of brief kisses under the canopy of trees. Poe starts to grin once again at the memories. ”Come on we should start heading back!” Poe points in the direction of the exit, and Finn nods. By the time they get back the sun should be low in the sky. Though successful the first time, they manage to get completely soaked from the falling water climbing out. They make it back just in time to see the sun set over the cliff behind the house, picturesque valley in the background. The two Resistance rebels make out under the canopy. When Poe pulls away he sees the same concerned look on Finn’s face. ”’m gonna take a shower,” Finn says under his breath as he runs up the steps before Poe can turn around to face him. Something’s definitely wrong. ”So what does chef Poe have planned for us tonight?” ”Honestly, I’m just winging it.” ”Sounds delicious.” Dinner is another success on part of Poe’s cooking skills. Everything seems to be going well. However, something about the way Finn has been acting today has thrown him off. In fact, it’s the same way he’s been acting the past few weeks. It’s as if Finn is becoming more distant even with the intimate things they’ve done. Before Poe can come to a conclusion, Finn interjects. “You are an incredible chef!” ”Aw, don’t mention it.” Poe shrugs as he passes by to grab Finn’s plates. ”No, I mean it. You are fantastic.” Finn grabs Poe’s wrist and pulls him into a kiss. ”Thank you,” Poe replies to the inside of Finn’s mouth along with his tongue. “Let’s go to bed.” ”Whatever you say.” Finn mumbles into Poe’s neck. Poe presses his nose into Finn’s shoulder and takes a deep breath relishing in his scent. On the exhale he breathes out of his mouth feeling his warm breath spread over Finn’s skin. “Mmh,” Poe croons. Poe kisses Finn gently on the neck until he finds a pulse. That pulse becomes a target for the next few minutes. All throughout this Finn remains completely silent. His eyes are closed and his breathing short and irregular. Poe doesn’t even register the mute man in front of him. He picks up the pace and moves to Finn’s face, first hint of arousal coming to his stomach. The pilot quickly captures Finn’s lips and doesn’t come up for air for what seems like forever. Poe finally comes back from whatever high he was on and mumbles into Finn’s mouth, “Babe, are you enjoying this?” Finn unconvincingly mumbles back, “Um, yeah.” Poe sighs out of frustration. “Keep going though, if it’s what you want.” “Finn,” Poe sighs and closes his eyes to calm his nerves. “This is not like me; I don’t know how else to say this. But I want to take this further. I mean really badly. I also want to wait until you’re ready, but I’m just so damn impatient.” “You mean…?” “Yeah, sex, Finn. Loud, rough sex. The best sex you’ll ever have,” Poe says with hunger in his eyes. Finn gapes at Poe. “Shit! Did I say that out loud? I’m sorry. I must be scaring you. I’m trying, Finn. I really am.” Poe drops his head defeated. “Hey! Don’t you start apologizing too.” Finn changes the lines of his mouth and squints his eyes causing them to twinkle. Finn and Poe just exchange silence for a few moments. ”I—uh—noticed that you have been acting a little strange lately. Is it me? The trip? Sex?” Poe adds the last one under his breath. ”You noticed.” And with one look, Finn confirms everything Poe had been thinking was wrong. Finn inhales shallowly closing his eyes for a second. “I—,” Poe grips Finn's shoulders. He opens his mouth ready to explain why they should leave early. Things aren’t going right. I don’t want to ruin this. Before Poe can get out his words. Finn cuts him off. “Poe.” “Yeah, bud?” Poe grins and rubs his hands down Finn’s arms. Finn’s voice drops along with his cheeks and eyelids. “Do whatever you want with me.” It nearly knocks Poe off the bed. Finn has a look on his face that Poe can’t register. And he ducks his head behind him to hide his embarrassment. “Poe?” Poe lets go of Finn, hops off the bed, and leans over to rest his hands on his knees. “Did I say it wrong? I didn’t know, I—” Poe lifts his hand to silence Finn. He then turns around slowly. “I wasn’t expecting that. We should take it a bit slower than that, babe. It might be too much right now. But thank you for the offer. I mean really . I’ll keep that in mind.” Finn loses all traces of arousal. “That’s what you want right, loud and rough?” ”What’s with the sudden—,” ”Horniness? ”I wasn’t going to say that, but yes. Yeah, what’s with the sudden horniness, Finn?” ”Poe,—,” Finn says more like a question as if he’s questioning whether he should say tis. “I’ve never been in a relationship before, which you already know.” Finn looks more uncomfortable than he did this morning. “So I didn’t really know what to expect. And I still don’t. That’s why I’ve been acting so weird. I was afraid I wouldn’t perform well enough. I’m sorry.” Poe lets out the biggest sigh he could ever imagine a human being carrying. “Finn, that’s okay. It doesn’t bother me that you’re confused. Hell, I’m confused and I’ve been in relationships before. What does bother me is the fact that you didn’t tell me earlier. Be more open with me if you can. We can figure this out together.” Poe closes the sentence with a kiss and joins Finn on the bed. ”You are so good to me, Poe.” Finn mumbles in their kiss. “I don’t deserve you.” Finn mentions with a beam. ”No, you are too good to me, Finn. I am so lucky to have you. Finn smirks this time is not so serious. ”Hey, I mean it.” ”No! I just—how did we get to this from sex?” Finn adds with one of his goofy smiles, something Poe hasn’t seen in a long time. “I don’t know. But hey, how about this? You be in control. We can have sex, but you be the pilot.” Poe adds one of those charming winks for good measure. Finn looks more confident now. “Ok, you still have to walk me through it. I don’t want to screw up like this morning.” “That was not a screw-up.” Poe laughs at the memory. “In fact it was one of my favorite moments with you. “ Finn’s cheeks balloon in embarrassment. Poe pecks his cheek just because. ”Alright, Commander, tell me what to do.” Finn sits back on his heels ready for instruction. ”I’ll take care of the prep. You just sit there for now.” Poe runs to grab the lubricant from the washroom and jumps back onto the bed, so excited he nearly misses the bed entirely. An attentive Finn holding in a laugh. After getting undressed, Poe lubes his fingers and begins inserting them. This only takes a few moments before Finn is kissing him hard . It may be due to the obscene noises that are coming from Poe’s mouth and other places on his body. ”Poe you are so handsome. God, you’re so—Oh, I can’t wait.” Finn sounds so eager Poe nearly sheds a tear. A silent Poe separates from Finn and lays down on his back. “Alright, I think you know what goes where,” Poe says with a chuckle. “Take your time.” Finn takes his time, his very slow time. It’s a full minute before Finn’s finger is inside of Poe. “It feels—warm and tight.” ”Yeah, buddy. Just do what feels comfortable.” Poe’s voice is as calm as his erection. Finn’s breath gets caught in his throat and he shuts his eyes to hold back a whine. His finger explores Poe for a few moments when Finn hits Poe’s prostate. ”Stars, you’re gorgeous.” Poe leans forward and kisses Finn’s wrinkled forehead. “I think you should add another finger.” ”Okay, like this?” Finn adds another finger without sliding out the first one hitting Poe’s prostate twice as hard this time. ”Yes! That’s it! Oh my—Finn, you’re unbelievable!” Finn gives him a shy smile and takes his eyes off of Poe’s for the first time. After a couple of minutes Poe is a withering mess encouraging Finn and moaning indecent things. “Do you want to get inside me?” Finn nods his head like a schoolboy. ”Alright, take off your clothes.” Finn’s body is just as gorgeous in the faint light of the fireplace as the colors of the sunset last night. ”What now?” ”I need to cover you in this first.” Poe coats Finn’s cock with the lubricant and Finn just stares right into Poe’s eyes the whole time, bright and rhapsodic. ”Just like the fingers?” ”Just like the fingers,” Poe repeats as Finn lines himself up with Poe’s hole. After months of waiting for this the feeling Poe gets when Finn finally enters him makes him grin like never before. Not to mention he wails like he found something that has been lost for a lifetime. And he hears Finn whimper in response. Finn goes in a few more inches and cries out with his eyes glued shut. Poe takes advantage of this by moaning obscenities to encourage Finn. It works because Finn goes a further and is now completely inside Poe. “Okay now pull out a bit and come back in if you can. Finn does just that, but as he’s coming back in, he comes. He is moaning at the top of his lungs and it’s beautiful. Poe just takes a minute to stare. When Finn comes to he asks, “You didn’t, —?”. Finn looks absolutely mortified. “You didn’t get off from that, did you?” His eyes swell and he’s moments away from falling apart. Poe realizes that he’s still hard. “No!” Poe shouts quickly hoping to bring them back. “I did.” “But it wasn’t enough?” Finn asks, but to Poe it sounds more like a statement. “Okay, it wasn’t long enough. Just a few more minutes and I would have come with you. Hey, I still enjoyed it. Just because I didn’t come with doesn’t mean I’m not incredibly turned on.” Poe kisses Finn once gently on the lips. ”I came too early. I feel like a child.” ”No, Finn, it’s not your fault. Remember what the doctor said? Your hormones may take up to a year to regulate. I’m just happy they aren’t drugging you anymore.” Poe feels his heart rate increase as he mentions the First Order, not even able to say it out loud. ”I guess so.” He doesn’t look convinced, but Finn looks down at Poe’s aching erection, “So are you going to—?” “Uh, yeah I’ll just go—.” Poe is halfway to the washroom door when Finn shouts out. “Wait!” Poe stops in his tracks then turns to look back at the bed. But Finn is only a few step behind him. “Can I—?” Finn makes the same hand movement that Poe made the day before. Poe instantly starts huffing at the thought. “You think you’re ready for that? I know you said yesterday that it makes you nervous.” ”Poe, I’m your boyfriend and I want to suck-you-off. His eyes close and he breathes out, “Okay. Yeah, Finn, hell yeah.” Finn gently grabs Poe’s wrist and guides him to sit on the edge of the bed. Finn is on his knees right in front of him, a view of the valley over his head. Poe doesn’t know what to do with his hands. He starts twiddling his fingers and it doesn’t go unnoticed. ”Relax. Are you the nervous one now? ”This is just so unexpected and I have thought about this so many times. I can’t believe it’s happening now. ”Don’t worry. I’ll take care of you.” Finn says to Poe’s now throbbing erection. He licks the glistening head then takes a long swipe up the underside. Poe’s mewling now and Finn’s barely even started. He grabs Finn’s face between his hands when Finn comes up and says. ”Poe, you taste so good.” Poe doesn’t say anything at all. He just stares at Finn as he continues his teasing. Like a fucking pro. Finn slides off of Poe’s cock taking a trail of saliva and pre-come with him. He wipes his mouth with the back of his hand still holding one firm around Poe’s still aching erection. “Are you enjoying this?” Finn asks as he looks up through long eyelashes. He then gives Poe an extra stroke and licks his head when his hand runs out of cock. Finn now begins to lick Poe in a strange way, unlike anything he’s ever experienced. His boyfriend is licking him like and ice cream cone. It’s his first time. He doesn’t know what to expect. Which I spoken too soon because as soon as Finn finishes another lick, he plunges Poe’s head between his lips and sucks like his life depends on it. Finn swirls his tongue around Poe’s head. With each moan he sucks harder and harder. Finn notices his balls and kisses each one gently before moving back to his cock. “—fine you’re—fine.” Poe’s mouth falls open and he starts gasping. “Oh, Finn.” Poe’s hips thrust up into Finn’s hand and Poe latches onto Finn’s free arm for support. “You’re really beautiful like this.” Finn admits to a withering Poe. Poe motions for Finn to move in closer. Finn presses Poe’s shoulder back. Poe shifts up onto the bed until his head meets five soft white pillows. His position now gives him the perfect angle to watch as Finn crawls up between his legs and places a kiss on his lips. Finn still moves his hand up and down Poe’s pulsing cock. Finn’s lips are so soft that when Finn breaks the kiss, Poe can’t stop himself from caressing Finn’s bottom lip with his fingers. Those same lips that just sucked him into a blabbering mess. And with that Poe throws his head back quickly then brings himself down to stare at those perfect lips again. Finn picks up the pace. Their bodies are close together now. A tight space lies between them where heat is exchanged and a cock’s being strung out. “Fuck,” Poe mewls eyes stuck on Finn’s. His mouth lays open still heaving out hot breaths. “You are the best thing that’s ever happened to me.” Finn sounds a little like Poe, speaking without a filter in his most vulnerable positions. Huh?” Poe groans and shuts his eyes because he cannot focus on all the sensations that are happening in his body right now. Poe has to sink his fingers into Finn’s arms to anchor his emotions. ”And I want to show you.” Finn’s gorgeous lips are on Poe’s erection again and he’s sucking hard now with ten times as much force as Poe used this morning to bring Finn to his knees. ”Yea—,” but before he could finish Finn forced Poe deeper inside his mouth. Poe could feel himself hit the back of Finn’s throat. “AH! Yes!” Poe shouts as he thrusts up reflexively. Poe grabs handfuls of sheets and wrings them as he cries out. What is happening? Is this real? But Finn is really there. Poe can feel his heartbeat; Finn’s chest is rising and falling. His hand is running up and down Poe’s cock, and Finn’s forehead is resting against his stomach. Poe hears Finn gag and can feel breath coming out of his nose hitting Poe’s stomach. ”Finn!” “You just make me so happy. I want you to be able to feel this way too. I don’t know how to say it, but I think I love you, Poe.” Finn goes back down again to gag once more stronger than the last time. Poe comes. He has to arch up into Finn in order to ride the waves of pleasure without completely losing his shit. “Yeah, you did, Finn. Oh.” After a few moments of desperate grinding, Poe finally calms down. Finn’s hands are now holding onto Poe’s thighs, rubbing small circles with his thumbs. Likewise, his forehead and chest are anchoring Poe to the bed. Poe can literally feel the love that Finn said that he has radiating from his body. ”I love you, Finn. I love you, too.” Poe tries to not let the emotion of that amazing blow job and from the last week influence what says, but it does. “You are the most important person in my life.” Poe reaches up and grabs Finn’s face. “Don’t forget that.” A smile unlike anything Poe has ever seen spreads out from Finn’s mouth.