your breath mists out in a stream as you walk through the base, the forest black-blue in front of you. snow drifts down to thicken the blanket that crunches underneath your feet, dangerously sparkling as you lean down to cup some in your hands, squashing it into a small ball. you admire the hard little lump for a second before leaning back and throwing it at a nearby tree, watching as it shatters into a glittering white powder. it's like watching a star explode , you think as you walk through the darkened cathedral of trees. the branches are stiff with ice, cobwebs spinning gently in the breeze. you wished you had bought gloves or a hat with you; your thin scarf does nothing to conceal the chill that bites at your neck. you crunch your way forwards, into the middle of a clearing, and stand there. the sky above you is filled with stars and you remember being told about how stars are made of burning gas. they don't feel that way from here. there is a crunch of twigs behind you and you flinch, turning your head slightly. you spot a flash of darkness before you are knocked onto your back and there's something ( someone ) on top of you. the snow is freezing but kylo is so warm, force energy radiating from him. the snow soaks into your clothes, numbing and dampening everything uncomfortably, your skin tingling from loss of feeling. he is fire melting the snow into liquid, and there's almost a red tinge around him, bleeding out into the dark blue sky above you. his dark eyes are filled with something - lust? - that you find difficult to place, and his hands are firmly planted either side of your body, and when kylo speaks, the shiver that runs through you isn't because of the cold. "you're shaking. let's warm you up." there's something deep and dark and dangerous in his voice as he suddenly picks you up and shoves you practically face-first against a nearby tree. you slip backwards to grab onto the rough bark as your arms tremble and kylo grabs your hips, pulling your ass backwards and your back straight. you tilt your head and the world is upside down as kylo kneels onto the snow behind you, pulling your legs apart. he flexes his hand and there's a tearing noise and you gasp as your legs are suddenly exposed to the chill, kylo throwing your pants to the side. you whine softly, looking at him through the gap as he rests his warm palms on your thighs, rubbing against your skin. there's another tug and your bite your bottom lip as you feel the elastic of your underwear ruck around your ankles. kylo parts your labia with his gloved fingers, looking at the moisture glistening within, and you shiver, digging your forehead against the tree. there's a brush of hair against your thighs and you cry out as kylo drags his tongue over your slit, lapping at your clit before sliding two fingers inside of you. you squeak and shudder, wrapping your arms around the bark of the tree and hugging tight as he thrusts in and out slowly , making sure you feel everything. his fingers are freezing cold inside of you and the leather of his gloves quickly turns slick from your cum as he bites down on your clit, rolling it gently between his teeth. you exhale shakily, your face heating up despite the cold. kylo's tongue slides over your entrance as his fingers flick just right inside of you and you moan softly, engulfed in the sensations. between kylo's tongue, his fingers, and the cold enhancing everything, it's too much. as kylo thrusts deeper and faster you feel your thighs start to shake and soon the feeling spreads to the rest of your legs as he rolls the wetness of your pussy around your clit again and again and again with his tongue, and you gasp and your grip on the tree loosens as your body pushes out, kylo pressing a deep kiss to your slit as you roll your hips backwards and your eyes squeeze shut. you open your eyes after a few minutes and kylo is still there between your legs. he stands up suddenly and you scratch your palms slightly on the tree as he picks you up only to lay you back down in your previous spot on the snow. you wonder why it feels less cold down below and then you feel softness between your fingers: kylo spread out his scarf and placed it down for you to lie on. he kneels over you again, parting your legs, and then there is a tear of fabric as your shirt is shredded, exposing your breasts to the sharp air. goosebumps prickle over your torso as you blush, your nipples stiff from the cold. kylo grabs both your wrists in one hand and throws your arms over your head before grabbing some snow in his hand. he studies you for a second, his eyes flickering, before yanking the material off your chest and dropping snow on your torso. you jolt and blush at the feeling, crying out as kylo rubs snow over your breasts, squeezing them (and oh god his hands feel so good this shouldn't even be possible you think in a garbled stream), tugging on your sensitive nipples between his fingers before his hands move over your body. he rubs snow over your ass, your thighs, sliding his palm over the soft curve of your pussy, letting ice water slide over your clit. your entire body is white-hot by this time and you're practically begging for him as he finally, finally unclips his belt and slides into you. you moan quietly as he starts to move, trembling at the sensation. he's so warm and fills you so well, lifting your legs over his shoulders as he leans down so your noses are practically touching, kissing you as he picks up the pace. whining, your hips rocking in time with his, you grab onto the back of his coat to steady yourself as he slams into you. kylo breaks off to lick and bite at your neck as you open your eyes in a daze, your breath streaming out over your face. kylo's arms slide around your back to hug you close and despite the cold you can feel heat rising in your belly, a fire kindling from love and lust and warmth. a particularly vicious thrust from kylo causes you to open your senses to the world and suddenly everything is blinding and sharp and you grasp him as close as you can as he fucks you and this is rapidly going from controlled to carnal as he spits words urgently between kisses - "love you" - kiss - "so" - kiss - " much ." his thrusts are becoming more jerky and rapid as you catch his mouth on yours, kissing him deep as you come. your legs tighten around him as you hug kylo close, the ice coating your skin melting away to be replaced with a blissful glowing warmth. kylo sighs into your mouth as he comes, and you feel it inside of you when he pulls out, pressing his forehead against yours. there is a few seconds of empty silence as snowflakes begin to drift down on you both. "any warmer?" kylo groans, and you laugh, the sound melting into a content sigh. "yes, ren." you plant a kiss to his forehead. "but to be on the safe side -- let's get back to the base before i freeze." Notes: don't strip off in snow in the woods -- hypothermia is real, kids! and remember, feedback makes the sun shine and flowers grow. my tumblr is phamsa and i take requests! i need requests