Eradication It happened by accident. He hasn't yet seen much of the girl since her rebel base was detected. Since the skies were an angry red on the small planet, since he stood over the small lake and saw all the fish floating lifelessly on the surface. Ships were falling out of the heavens like stars, and almost . FN-2187 was the first casualty. He doesn't know if the failed specimen felt any pain -- there was a look of peace on his face in that standard infirmary bed, the location only found because past Ben Solo remembered the layout of these structures Kylo Ren couldn't know. Terrified faces. The girl. Their Black Leader's triumph when he took a blaster and fired without aiming, the victory that felt somewhat like agony, a shorn apology, more blood on pale hands and their fearless General weeping like a faithful mother. Calculated and set, he saw to it that their mission was completed before at least Ren would have to take her life. It wouldn't be recompense. The first words Ren spoke when he was awake and out of a bacta tank, the cut angry and red and severe across his face, were something about dad . There were things even the Supreme Leader didn't know. He doesn't ask himself why. The face of the girl was soft, even in her rage. Anger, malice, a pretense of revenge. Blood barely staining the black entrenching Ren, leaking onto the hard boards of the floor, he said it through his mask, impersonal and metallic. "Come." Low like he could have been addressing a lover, a threat. There aren't many choices in war. He made it for her. Red patches on the shoulders, insignia blazing bright and prestigious, he offered his black overcoat to the girl stiffly, gone from his shoulders to hers in an instant. She was barely dressed, and imagine the pathetic laugh this would be a decade from now, all of their destinies made fallible by a girl that couldn't recover from hypothermia. How irony burned bright in bloodlines. "Take a step," he told the girl, a young woman when her face flashed to his in defiance, when she flinched at his gloves barely touching her forearm and indicating her forwards. Practicality. Choices were easier when they were made for you. He hasn't spoken to Rey since. It's been two revolutions since he'd seen her last, now, a little more than thirty standard days and all the hassle of repairs. But he hasn't seen her -- has barely seen Ren. He doesn't complain. He strides with purpose and importance and stands where his father once stood, a legacy in the Empire that perhaps has a heavier mantle than Darth Vader's helmet. Sure , he thinks sardonically, just a little self-deprecating. Everyone here is where they're supposed to be, and he patiently waits for an operator to pass him, her hand on her swollen, pregnant belly, her smile inevitable. So is his for an instant, infectious, and that's when the girl turns to notice him, and he's not any longer thinking on the bitterness of the incredulous tea he and Ren would drink while weeping about the pressure of both their families and the marks it's left on both of them. Ridiculous. That's why it's surely an accident, her standing where he's meant to as the General here, the figure of charge that's held up as commendable and respectable and rather indestructive. Never once has he taken rage to a control panel. But never once has he been remotely tempted to. "General Hux," she says as way of greeting, the slight nod of her head in recognition not quite the proper salute, but she's already turning back to the wide windows, the edge of the landing that's his to oversee, his place to stand and survey and see all those star systems twinkling out there. How grand they must be, those places faraway, how small they all are here, and how magnificent. He doesn't ask Rey if she requires something. She's outfitted in a dark overcoat, a general's insignia decorating it. He's not sure how he's forgotten. It's impossible to fault her now, when she's looking like that. Her face, the window, the galaxy, standing in the middle of it and something they'll one day say is so much greater. She looks like he felt the first time, a bit of a romantic boy in a starship and all the galaxy in one hand, the nature of probability in the other. He doesn't ask her how she feels, what she sees. It isn't something unspoken, something kindred. There's nothing too surprised in her eyes when he clears his throat softly, glances left for the first name and face he can put together. "Marks." The man up and solutes instantly, and Hux looks to Rey for a moment he shouldn't have. "She must be lost. Take her wherever she asks to be." Chapter 2 : Anguish Summary: "Rey. There's so much more." "To what?" "Our lives," he answers. He raises his chin. Squares his impossibly broad shoulders. "The Force." She thinks of her life with the Resistance and how everything was so loud . It wasn't the empty, silent loudness of a sandstorm, grains caught in her hair, up her nostrils, under her eyelids. It was deafeningly quiet and grating and metallic and urgency falling into the steps of the few she would see in the halls. There was a purpose here, a precedent of a cause that seems to have become the lifestyle it wasn't to the Resistance. There they were fighting for the freedom to live, not to be taken over in just one more way. Not like here. She tries not to dwell on how she can't feel her friends' presences from this far away. It must be the distance, she convinces herself, because like flickers of light, moths to a flame, she knows Master Luke is out there somewhere. His twin, too. She tries not to dwell on how Ren assures her that they'd only have abandoned her anyways, that Luke didn't want to return, that only cowards would act as he did when an entire galaxy was taking up arms and he was just a lost boy torn in the middle of opposing sides and a chancellor in the Senate's influence. He had scowled in something crueler than mockery when he'd goaded her next that Luke hadn't even told her that he was her father. Her voice was weaker than it should have been when she reminded him that he didn't need to, that she already knew the moment she'd seen him, but maybe he'd already forgotten how it felt with Han. She didn't want to consider he might be right, that Luke hadn't told her and made no inclination of doing so -- but that's a moment of doubt and a shot of hurt trying to fill the void that aches in her chest. The Resistance won't be intimidated by you. There are only so many secrets to be kept on an island, and how is a lone ship lost somewhere in the galaxy any different? "We're family," Ren reminded her. More than she felt the fear of standing next to him, she felt the stubbornness she recognized in Leia and how the vile Kylo Ren was standing unmasked and pretending he hadn't gone too far. Fell too hard. "I suppose that makes you entitled," she says simply, schooling her face blank. To forgiveness and an infinite second chance, but it's like he's playing at a war he doesn't understand. She can't help it now, she sees his face through her child self's eyes, and he's Ben , and his eyes are so brown, and his laugh is so loud, and she was just a little girl, but she could tell then that Benny was powerful and going to be wonderful someday. Strong and good and gallant, cheerful and smarmy and stubborn, but a true Jedi. If the teenage boy that had been helping her up each time she fell off her makeshift speeder could be more than the long-legged goof (like his father) like a Jedi Knight, then it still felt like impending fate. It already meant something. Now she's not so sure. "I won't fail you like they might," he tells her. Might, not will. He says it clipped, and where she once saw greatness, she sees the weight of all the universe too heavy on his shoulders. "Rey. There's so much more." "To what?" "Our lives," he answers. He raises his chin. Squares his impossibly broad shoulders. "The Force." She doesn't say anything before she turns on her heel. He doesn't try to stop her. It's been near a month since he'd quit having her confined and guarded; he knew her too well, knew she wouldn't jeopardize what would be casualties for an escape she's too in the dark about. She doesn't know where they are. She doesn't know where the Resistance is now that they've a reason to change their locations after the attack that felt like a crushing sadness all throughout her. Ren knows just as well as she does that she can't leave yet. More to the Force, sure, because her heels are clicking down a metal hallway, muscle memory and vague recollection guiding her feet since her head can't be trusted. Her thoughts can't be trusted. She passes the cafeteria where the Stormtroopers are fed, silent and solitary, and the lurch of her stomach in hunger she's not sure will ever fade after the lives she's lived, the wonder that's still at so much food chosen for taste instead of nourishment -- it angers her. She does her best to breathe deeply as Master Luke instructed her, here in the middle of a shining corridor frigid even with her thick black overcoat. But it's like she's still in the snow. She's still feeling the power of an ancient magic flood through all of her, fill her like the beams of blue sizzling against sparking, angry red. She still feels the anger and the hatred and the hurt that threaten to bubble up and suffocate her, and she'd wanted to circle Kylo Ren like a predator, force him down to nothing, carve a matching gash of blood on the other side of his face. She feels the power of the voice that told her to kill him, the want to split his chest open with the lightsaber. Mostly she feels the anger. She knows he feels it, too. "You aren't supposed to be in here," a voice sighs in plaintive annoyance when her shadow happens to darken the archway. She'd stopped subconsciously, and the stranger she is, the one she forces herself to be because she will leave, she almost apologizes, starts to bow her head meekly and turn around. Just she's more than that suddenly, when she glances up to pale eyes looking surprised to see her. "I didn't know Lord Ren was planning to let you wander wherever you wished," says Hux, a bit like a challenge, she thinks. She invites herself into the room she's never seen before, a plain looking office sparsely decorated unlike the few she's seen in her idly nonchalant assessing, and he straights himself in his chair. His hand looks like it's trying to tame the red hair stress had pulled at. "He doesn't say what I do or don't." He doesn't smile. "But doesn't he?" Because he's.. he's envisioning Kylo Ren offering her a dark cloak, promising her the future as Empress to his Emperor of the Galaxy with clenched fists and expressive eyes and vows to reign everywhere and everything with hard resolve and something about never having to scavenge again. He almost snorts. "He might like to think he does," she grants him, remembering just who exactly General Hux was, what the nice Captain had to gripe about his constant disagreements with Ren. It's like haggling more portions from Plutt, like Poe teaching her to play cards. "Perhaps you still shouldn't be here," though, he says, almost like he's advising. It's strange. His smile isn't really a smile, but it changes his face from impassive to human. Like he might be recognizing her thoughts like he can hear them, he gestures to the chair across from in desk in cordiality, like maybe he's thinking a friend or an ally might be had on the face of a soul that's an edge of a smile away. "You haven't covered up those plans or maps or.." She squints from her seat, trying to read the documents on his desk from upside down. "Whatever those are." "Schedule," he frowns. Except his mouth quirks up the next second, and he slides a container of caf, she thinks, closer to her side of the desk. His eyes catch, though, like he's just now noticing what he's been pretending to not see what he's been indirectly staring at for weeks. "You still have it." And it's self-conscious, the way she raises her fingers to the collar of her coat, the one that's insignias are emblazoned his. "I'm sorry," she mumbles, because it isn't like it's security for her, it's not, but he starts to shake his head when she begins to shrug her arms out of the sleeves. "I have others." Quietly, he turns back to the files laid before him. He doesn't see the way she watches him. "Isn't posing as a General a crime?" "Only if you -- you're joking," he realizes a second too late. "Pardon me for not laughing," he snipes, sounding so droll and unimpressed that she could laugh. But then rather amiably, inconspicuously, he almost shrugs. "Space is cold, after all." And it does take a moment, but it's a lame statement that's also tactic permission and a kind offer when he spares a quick look at her. He's more subtle a diplomat than Ren gives him credit for, she realizes as she brushes her thumb over a pin on the coat's sleeve. They don't speak much, the three hours she sits with him as he works. She mistakenly calls him Brendol because she'd heard the name, and it was another few minutes until yes, my name is Rey as if he didn't know, but it's the simplest, most pleasant time she's had on this ship since he told her to take a step and shrouded her in the First Order's colors. It's really not much of anything. For him neither. But then he says something sarcastic enough that makes Rey laugh. Chapter 3 : Malice Summary: He finds himself wanting to ask how old she is if she knows -- just what she is to Ren, if she knows. But instead he's collected and resolute, as disinterested as he can be when he's sure of the answer he's indirectly seeking. "He was so intent on finding you when we'd heard of the girl from Jakku." He remembers a surly man that was little more than a boy. The pitch darkness of the galaxy, the coldness of a ship. "Kylo," he'd mistakenly addressed the young man when he'd reached the edge of the platform, the start of what the Chancellor promised as destiny. All he'd gotten was wide brown eyes gazing at him in alarm and offense, insult and the faintest trace of doubt, he thought, but this must have been fifteen years ago at least. Enough that he was just a soldier and Ren just a pawn. "Lord Ren," he corrected. The tips of his ears were starting to tinge red, and for having been handed all the galaxy and this pursuit of justice to eradicate darkness from it, he looks apprehensive. And scared. It hit him then that this was only a child, but if he himself was barely a man trying to fill his shined and steeled combat boots -- "Of course," he acquiesced, "Lord. And perhaps one day, I'll be Lieutenant or Commander or Emperor," he had said drolly. He hesitated only briefly before extending his hand. "Hux. It's a pleasure." "It isn't," Ren had replied, gruffly. "And what's a title matter when you're born to your father's?" It was cheap. Like those black gloves he's wearing. But indignation rose from his throat like bile, and he could have smiled, could have, except those fateful words, or your grandfather's , froze their eyes like ice. And that's what it was like to draw lines in a war zone, to commit to the aching resolution of camaraderie instead of merely tolerable companionship. Just two grown children gazing over the rest of destiny and aspiring potential. "I don't think anything of Kylo Ren," he answers her boredly. It's mostly a lie, though, but she's come to expect this annoyed snobbery from him. It makes her smile, however, and he watches her shoulders raise like she's taking her first breath in months. Her chest cavity fills and her lungs expand, and for not letting her guard down, she's as relaxed as he's ever seen her. "You don't think much of him," she corrects. The porcelain clinks when she sets her teacup down on its saucer, the frame of the chair creaks when she leans back to gaze at him. So inexpressively intense and focused he might be worried she's reading into his thoughts, but he's certain he'd feel if she were. He always does when Ren pries into his head. "On the contrary," he amends, just a snippet of snide, "I think the world of him. The galaxy," he scoffs, so pretentious, but he's a man of his word. It takes more courage and will to accomplish what Ren has, and that isn't to be taken lightly. "What," she deadpans. "He's a fine asset is what you'll say next?" "Only at times." "Only at times," she agrees. Something touches her eyes then, something light with the glimmer of confiding a secret. "I nearly over-powered him today in the training room." His brows arch. "I'm sure he'll say the same should I ask. Physically or with your.." Forgetting himself, he gestures vaguely. "Magic?" "It isn't magic." "It might be lots of things," he broods, self-important and self-righteous. "Science, an illusion. Some deity's good humor." "Are you religious, Hux?" she teases, just barely. "Perhaps under the right circumstances." " He doesn't think much of you either," she tells him nonchalantly. She looks at him, and she.. she sees nothing at all. "Does he say so?" "Sometimes. He doesn't say much about you when you aren't being conniving and trying to usurp his authority." " His ?" he near chokes. But he forgets himself too easily around her. He doesn't see her often, but today, sweat still silhouetting her brow, making her glow, the standard P.T. garb of troopers coloring in grey instead of black -- "Does he tell you much?" "I can sense your pulse rising," she observes, so quiet that it's like a mystery, how oblivious she is. He's not rendered speechless often. It makes him inefficient. "Magic," is all he thinks to say. That quirk of her mouth. "I don't think you despise him." And well, he might, he was evacuating the Starkiller and missed his shuttle to drag Ren out of the snow lifelessly. He missed the chance of the Supreme Leader's full trust in him because he knew there were limits, the man that had proven himself as Lord Ren sometimes wept for all he'd done, the agony of it, the cruelty of it, he knew that, he knew that, there are limits. They might never say they chose wrong, but soldiers became pawns, he knew the parts of Ben Solo that still exist. And like she can read his mind, she simpers her mouth into the prettiest frown. "I called him Ben, and he didn't rage." "That's not why Han Solo was killed," is all he states. Temperamental, Ren might be, and he.. he tries not to wonder if she's born physical witness to it. The bruises mottled on her arms. He doesn't let his eyes wonder. He doesn't think of how her rooms are directly connected to Ren's, how he came to him to request that construction. "He was a good man," she whispers. It's almost strange, the semblance of it, the mournful tone she's using. So few of them allow themselves time to grieve now. "I regret I never knew him, then." "Do you mean that?" He frowns to see her look doubtful, but then to find he means it when he says it, "I trust your judgments," and that was the downfall of kings, oh, dear. He finds himself wanting to ask how old she is if she knows -- just what she is to Ren, if she knows. But instead he's collected and resolute, as disinterested as he can be when he's sure of the answer he's indirectly seeking. "He was so intent on finding you when we'd heard of the girl from Jakku." He doesn't ask why, though, so she doesn't pursue it. Just looks like she's expecting something, like she's fucking full of more vitriol than he is. "Why," he murmurs instead, only to clear his throat. "Why not have started for a village on that planet? Why stay where it's a wasteland?" Because he's nothing if not practical. And efficient. And something about this girl fascinates him, her wide eyes, her freckles, and it's not the intrigue lavished on a curiosity and a mystery that should be otherworldly and inferior to him. "I couldn't," she says. So impassive she could rile him or Ren, but the laugh she gives that isn't a laugh at all, "Do you know what it's like to have your choices taken from you, Hux?" And she's bright. Maybe the brightest point in all the galaxy. This is the most loaded small talk he's ever had the (dis)pleasure of partaking in. "You're clever," he appraises. He's gone rigid, though, like she's anything but. "And a potential liability. You should know not to ask questions like that." "That what?" She straightens up where she sits across from his desk and glowers . "That make you reconsider what you're told?" "Rey." It's a warning, but it's only the fifth time he's spoken her name. "You were brought onboard this ship with the premonition you would take up our cause and.." And what? Destiny? Legacy? Another Skywalker overlooking all the systems and bending revelations to fulfill a mantra they repeat to themselves? Fate? How right they are? Bettering the universe? "And?" she presses, leaning just slightly forward. His gaze doesn't stray. "You've been here long enough to have discerned what is routine and acceptable, yes?" "I can barely find a fresher outside my own room." "Would you like a map?" he drawls. "A tour, perhaps? Those aren't my responsibilities." "If you'd overseen the construction of the facility here more efficiently," she snipes, snapping her gaze away. "Are you.. are you laughing at me?" He has to consciously lock his jaw so he's not gaping at her and the inconspicuous way she's turning up her nose. "Laugh at a general? Never," she lies, just as good as if she isn't. Both her brows raise at him, and he could laugh if he weren't filled with dread suddenly, an impossible sort of anticipation. "Even if you're the only friend I have here," she adds elusively, bringing herself up to stand. He rises, instinct, formality, respect, he does, sounding without authority and contrition when he protests, "I am not your friend. I won't ever be, Rey." His eyes narrow to convict his statement and the truth of it, but she's got that look that warns she isn't one to be ordered around, and -- And a spark, and he remembers when he used to believe so. And the changes they've all made, oh. "You aren't," she reaffirms stoically. "I'm not." "You won't be," she agrees -- or something close in meaning. "I won't be." Chapter 4 : Vigilance Summary: He's captivated. He feels he's doing something wrong. This has to be a trick, it has to be, because she asked him what the First Order meant to accomplish, and where had the answer of eradication gone? What we have to , he thought, we're merely trying . "You're distracting one of the best men on this ship," Ren tells her. If he wasn't trying to sooth her like he would a savage animal, then he'd snarl. He'd be loud and angry and unforgiving, but she knows him well enough to sense the malice. One of my best men ; he doesn't entirely trust her still. "He's second-in-command here. You shouldn't disturb his efforts here." As if she'll poison him to detriment. "Second?" she only asks him, but in a droll, bored tone he recognizes all too well. A stolen dark coat still weighs at her shoulders, and she doesn't miss the way his eyes narrow. Just because they don't duel to the death no longer means they can't hurt each other. "Yes." "Darth Vader was never going to be the Galactic Emperor," she tells him. And that shadow of the past, the skeletons and ashes littering the bottom of his closet -- he's still so afraid. They could leave right now. They could get on a ship and go back to Luke and Leia and overthrow the First Order and restore peace to the Galaxy. They could hold their heads up high at the end of it all, all the humility of the Jedi that came before them, the honor and the serenity so prevalent and binding them all. They could just run away somewhere else, someplace far away from politics and war zones where the Order couldn't reach them and the Resistance couldn't be betrayed or joined. They could just be people lying low, living a lifetime forever and playing the hands they've been dealt. They could take the steps of destiny promised before them, too. They could outline the rest of the world in stars and constellations, pinpricks of light only seen because of the darkness in their shadows, the twisted double-edge of ultimatums and cruel peace treaties. They could just go to Leia. She misses her. She knows he misses Han. He doesn't watch her go. - -- - -- - "So," she tells him, clinking the little cup of tea against its saucer. Either he's excelled at multi-tasking or can just pretend to listen while he's fully committed to his work and the easiness of ignoring Skywalkers, Solos, the legacy of these Jedi that burned up just like the Force Tree. "Tell me something." "It depends on what it is," he acquiesces, not looking up. Like a conspiracy, she lightens her voice. "What would you call captivity?" When he looks up, he looks relaxed enough here to let his eyes show the exhaustion he feels. "As an official diplomat or unofficially the enemy?" "Both." "Diplomatically, you're not being held captive. Certain measures to restrain the clearance you're allowed, however, until your loyalties and your value and your --" "My value ?" "-- merit in our Order," he states, voice hard and his hand held up to her interruption, "can be trusted for our safety --" "Yours?" she nearly spits. Lazily, he shrugs. Sighs. "They're to be kept in place to prevent you from overhearing or seeing things we wouldn't want you to." "Why?" The energy in this room, she feels it in her clenched fists. All he does is look at her, but she can't tell if it's daze or disappointment. "You're bright." So eloquent, bristled, he reverts his attention back to the documents on his desk. "Work out why by yourself." "..Unofficially, then," she says after a moment that stretches like infinity. It's forced and intentional this time. How he doesn't glance at her indirectly. Or at all. "You're a prisoner here, unofficially, then ," he tells her. "A guest by any other definition," but oh, that stings, "yet a prisoner. You may as well be on trial." "In a cell?" She frowns, and for a second, she thinks he'll tell her to not. "You've been ensured comfort and necessities and freedom, haven't you?" "Not officially, apparently," she quips. "You're hilarious." "I don't think he likes that you've given me your access keys to the archives," she says. It isn't like it's a secret -- after all, if you're so intent on rising up here, you'll have to educate yourself , Hux told her. He just told her that while he was distracted, overseeing something that didn't add up in the taken numbers, so he wasn't looking at her when he didn't realize this access he'd given her to history, to records -- he was giving her a part of the world. And he called her doll at the end of it, quick around the corners of his mouth like it was a habit or nothing at all. "Ren doesn't enjoy lots of things," he says distantly. "Unlike you," she scoffs. And the way his eyes brighten, he could be smiling. He's not really a General in his office, not when she's here to make time go by so fast. "I can get you dramavids instead of just the ones about historical documentaries." "Can you?" "With the appropriate discretion," he snarks. He doesn't know the plots and the themes of some of the better ones, of course not, the humor shining in her eyes, it's like the herbal tea was tipped with brandy. "The vids could get you out of here, at the least." "And what would you do then?" she asks lightly. Like something foreboding, she stands up and it's like a premonition, guides her arms through the sleeves of the General's jacket. He rises with her respectfully, manners even until the last, except he suddenly looks so lost. "I haven't the faintest idea," he tells her, tongue and cheek, she flips her hair out of the coat's collar. And he watches, and right now, he's not the man he should be. "Thank you for the tea," she calls. Her back to him, he nods, but he wonders if she can sense it. "I'll see you." - -- - -- - He doesn't. Precisely the same time she doesn't bother to knock on the door because he can order it open from a control panel at his desk because a holoscreen and he can see the entire corridor, it's not like it's sensing with the Force, but the blessings of technology. Lifeforms have come so far. She's not sure if she doesn't stop by his office because she's sure somehow he won't be there. Maybe it became too ritual, so built up out of nothing so quick, she knows how he slouches now. She knows the different meanings behind his heavy sighs, the practiced, well-timed scowls that disguise his yawns. Not that she knows, but she thinks he's human enough that he'd bleed red if she cut him. She just doesn't think she wants to anymore. When she isn't being given a wide berth by various officials that are frightened and suspicious of her -- as they should be, she doesn't introduce herself, she interrogates -- she spends her time watching holovids from the archives. Government and politics until one she sees has a beautiful image on the cover: a field of green, a woman in a flowing gown, a summary of something about choices and love and destiny. The heroine (that's utterly inefficient when it comes to flight or fight skills of self-preservation) gets to choose between love and honor, one bachelor or another. One of the men dies, valiant and heroic, and it shouldn't matter when all the lives have been lost in a real world where grief still torments, but she cries anyways. She cries. It's only the third time she has since she was boarded this ship, though. Then she finds the training footage of Finn. - -- - -- - "Do you consider his life a liability?" "A -- a liability?" Incredulously, he -- she evicts from him. She evokes, too, too many things have been taken for granted. It's like a switch. She makes him think. She makes him remember the once he watched Senator Organa debate some principle or another on a holoscreen from inside a shop. Her questions made him think. He's captivated. He feels he's doing something wrong. This has to be a trick, it has to be, because she asked him what the First Order meant to accomplish, and where had the answer of eradication gone? What we have to , he thought, we're merely trying . "It's what they were raised for. Trained for all their lives," he says. "Not by choice," she reminds him, voice hard. Finn wouldn't have chosen this. "But FN-2187 chose to leave if you'll recall correctly." "So you tried to kill him?" "Not personally," he quips, not a joke at all, neither of them are laughing, and this feels so much like an ultimatum. Like he's one foot in, one foot out, stepping out of a starship and combusting. By the Maker. "He escaped with that Resistance pilot." "Poe." "Dameron," he says idly. "I remember. Should they have made it back to a Resistance base, he could have told the Order's secrets and jeopardized thousands of lives. That would have been a liability. One life or thousands? You know which you'd prefer." "But he was unconscious in the medbay still," she challenges, trying to think calm, to find serenity, to not give in when everything is so dark here. "They said he'd probably be paralyzed." And her hands are starting to tremble, and she counts to ten. Imperceptibly, so imperceptibly, it's like a change in gravity, the tea tray starts to rattle, she's angry, and he can't even look up from his damned paperwork. "Hux. Hux ." "What do you expect me to say?" he huffs, nearly rising up from his chair. Their eyes flash, angry, but in that second, he realizes he owes this girl nothing, no explanation, no peace of mind. "I am your superior," he says in a clipped, low bark. As unsurprised he is when she doesn't shrink to cower, he's not displeased, he's not -- she's venomous. "I've given you the reasons when I've no obligation to, so I suggest any other grievances you ought to take up with Ren. He was FN-2187's executioner in any case," he tells her, his jaw locked. And time stretches and slows once more. Enough that he can't keep holding her intense, earnest stare, but the moment he returns to his work, she speaks, "Finn." "Beg pardon?" He watches her jaw set, the paling expanse of her neck. "We called him Finn. That was his name," she tells him like she's accusing him of something, the treason the Stormtrooper committed. Her free will to reside here or her captivity here depending on the graciousness of her mood. "He died with a name. And friends. And respect." Her gaze is still holding his, so impossibly, impossibly , he sighs. She raises her chin like victory, hazel eyes lightening, and this must be the start of his undoing. He's sure of it. He'll think about it tomorrow. "Finn," he tries quietly, testing the name. The implication of saying it. "Finn." Her eyes start to redden just so, but he pretends not to notice. It's only right. "He might have come to take Phasma's position one day," he tells her, more gentle than he's ever addressed her with. He means it to be a condolence of some sort, suggesting he's offering it like an olive branch or an apology, oh, kriff , but it only hardens her face. That he wants to offer this girl any semblance of comfort, stars, to care he's insulted her integrity when she's only indulged his pride. "I mean," he tries again, calmly clearing his throat without a lick of nonchalance, "he had the heart of a leader. Perhaps even moreso in the Resistance than here." "Here is awful," she gripes after a moment too long. It might be one of the most honest sentiments he's heard in weeks. Except she smiles just barely after that, a flash of white teeth it makes everything so bright, and he has to remember what they're fighting for. Eradication. Whatever they must. "Perhaps," he exhales, letting his shoulders sag, "anything can be justified." "You sound as if you believe that." "I think I do, doll," he smiles, polished and idle. Like routine, that fire in her must have been placated with that, the winning and the losing battle in him that could be changing or might not be a fight at all. Not satisfied, but not unhappy either, she relaxes her posture. The cushions of her chair creak just barely when she shifts, tucking her knees beneath her and relaxing in her own show of permanence here, longevity, but manners to the last. "Would you mind if I stayed?" she asks. There's not the hesitance there should be since most they seem to do is argue, but "No," he speaks, too forgiving, too easy here. He hasn't anywhere to be until later in the afternoon, but even then he doubts he'd want her gone. "You know I wouldn't. Chapter 5 : Benediction Summary: The collar of his coat frames her skin, glimpses of it framing the delicate lines of her collarbones, and she doesn't look demure or spiteful or particularly seductive, avenging. She looks like she could be his. He should have done more to keep her out of his office. It wouldn't be a lie to say she has everything she'd need. Now, it wouldn't be an exaggeration either, but she has a partial kitchen. She has a fresher. The amenities are stocked lavishly, every quarter of this chamber meant to see to her every need should -- as he must wish -- she never leave her room. There's more food than she could ever need, but she hates, she hates how the packaged foods are the ones she learned were her favorite in the Resistance Base, she can not stand how aside from a few bottles of juice, there's nothing but water stocked and hidden away in the cabinets like she'd need the supply. Like the desert is still in her, like she fears, and she's so angry. It's precisely how she would have wanted it, but that Ren must have known. How Ren must have known -- She's angry. She feels volatile and destructive. Sometimes it's so quiet that she thinks she can hear voices, whispering, jeering voices that sooth her eruptive anger to collected rage, free to boil and brim underneath her skin until they can fulfill the bidding crooned at her like a caress, kill him , that crackling of his lightsaber just as volatile as both of them, fire against the snow, the fissure that hadn't separated them as it was meant to. But her hatred, how she hates Kylo Ren and the way revenge tasted on her tongue, something lustful and warm and powerful in the pit of her stomach, in the dark notches of her ribs, it's like a winning and a losing battle. She remembers the lines around Luke's eyes and how grief softened them the way happiness did. She holds onto his mantra of patience; serenity; Maker forbid, forgiveness; justification; and the goodness that's supposed to prevail them all, and she doesn't. She doesn't know. In an unforgiving world where optimism was only kept with hope hanging by the skin of her teeth, her patience has never been exhausted to the point it no longer exists. If the boundaries of her forgiveness had stretched parsecs in excusing her parents' absence because just that, they were hers , they could do no wrong, then every generation that has being a Skywalker forgiving family for the sake of blood and midichlorians -- why couldn't she forgive Kylo Ren? Imagine it. General Organa had forgiven her prodigal son with her mother's love the instant Ben had murdered Han. It was difficult even though it wasn't, because the measures taken, she could believe that wasn't really Ben. It was Snoke and the failures a childhood had reaped. General Hux had said that anything could be justified. She isn't sure he's wrong. There's guilt and there's regret and there's being stuck on this ship, sailing in the galaxy, lost in transit. So much in this room is faded black. - -- - -- - Ren says she's avoided because she's feared. Hux says it's because she's respected. It was him she asked if they meant the same thing to him, two words hand in hand and complimentary since they could have described him, but he laughed at her in that forced way he does 'cause she's so hilarious, clearly. "Shut up," he told her without malice, not looking up from his datapad. And it may be both, she's angry and she's on edge, but not here. Not here. "If you need better company, there are lots of decent women on this ship. One technician is expecting, I believe. Do you like children?" "I don't know," she answered honestly, crossing her arms. "Well. Our PR could use being perceived as more humanitarian," he frowned, and watching him gather documents, discs, prepare for a meeting -- this seemed like a habit. "Remind me to do something about that, would you?" "If I don't forget." "Thank you, doll." "Can I go wherever you're going?" she wonders, lingering in her spot at the open doorway like a shadow. He doesn't say that it'd be boring, that it'd run late. "Restricted to officers only." "And you." "And me," he grants her, the trials of life, his annoyance so contrite that it makes her grin. Ready, he starts for the door just to stop. "I'm forgetting something," he narrates. And it's a beat before she realizes what's missing, what doesn't give him the prestige and the title that's security around her shoulders and an idle comfort that isn't hers but is , "Here," she says as she shrugs out of the too-long sleeves, the hem of his coat trailing across the floor when it slips from her shoulders and into his hands so -- he'd crossed the space to her like it was nothing at all, but he pauses. "Are you sure?" he asks her quietly, and as idle and disinterested as he seems, she realizes he must not miss much at all. "You'll give it back," she smiles just barely, so sure, he raises a brow at her as he slips his arms into the coat and straightens the collars, the pins that name him or her General. "I'll give it back." - -- - -- - "You've met with the Supreme Leader, haven't you?" "Yes," Hux says, clipped. She blinks. She waits. That can't be it. "And?" she presses as idly as she can, schooled nonchalance just intrigue burning her up into laughing curiosity when he deadpans at her. "And we meet occasionally for tea," he teases, mirthful instead of droll. His eyes glimmer bright blue when she looks, relaxed to the picture of ease, and suddenly -- gallant in a way and kind. They'd hate the comparison, but he's not the complete opposite of Finn. It hits her like a bolt. "What's He like?" she asks quietly. "You haven't met Him," Hux seems to realize at once. It almost makes her feels like this is information she's betrayed, but.. no. He doesn't seem smug about it or over-analytical. He slumps back into his chair in a way she's never seen him do, relaxed like he might when he's alone with his hand on his jaw, his eyes contemplative. She waits, but finally, a winning and a losing battle, no matter what he might tell her, she's so willing to fight. "All good masters have a way of seeing more of our faults than we'd like, I suppose," he says, sounding far away. "He's like that." Instantly, her mouth twists cruelly. "Master?" "No," he affronts, because oh, they know each other so well, he knows how her nose will scrunch, how she'll glance up and to the right and start to debate morality with him because he was careless with a phrase like he knew wouldn't be sufficient enough. "We're not his slaves. Don't -- Rey, stop making that face. I don't have the patience for this today," he sighs. But he's laughing to himself, for inevitably, this feels like rain. She loves it. She hates this, but she loves it. "..So he's condescending," she wonders lightly, an olive branch extended. "He can be, particularly to Ren." "Do you think he's overly zealous?" "No." "What do you think about him?" she probes. The shell of his mind, though, there's only indifference without the fear that worries her, the trepidation that has people in the hallways indifferently staring to the floors, the walls ahead like they're undeclared transients. "I wonder why Ren hasn't introduced you. I know the Supreme Leader has taken an interest," he says. That he thinks Snoke is critical, he doesn't. "And you?" "And me what?" he smiles, as most he can when he's half-distracted, just the upward curve of his mouth so slight. If she couldn't feel , she wouldn't know. "You've taken an interest in me?" she asks him, so quiet. So, so quietly, he looks to her and she isn't being coy or wry or sultry. She looks like she's standing in the overlook. All the world ahead in an endless night, stars stretching on and on with promise ahead, destiny and legacy and forgiveness, and she's got potential in one hand with all the darkness that could connote with it. She's got her heart in the other hand, though. She has part of his, too, he thinks. "You should go," is all he says, his voice hushed. The eye contact too much to bear. "No." "Excuse me?" "You can't make me leave," she reminds him. She sounds just a trace too desperate to be indifferent, though, too lost in seconds ago to breathe normally. "I could," he challenges weakly. He has to clear his throat, has to not stare at the pink starting to flush her cheeks, starting to color down her neck to the rise and fall of her chest framed prettily by the red blush. The unintentional timber of his words better befit closed doors, a bed, fuck, a desk even, but here where she looks curled in conflict, her pink lips scarcely parted, no. The collar of his coat frames her skin, glimpses of it framing the delicate lines of her collarbones, and she doesn't look demure or spiteful or particularly seductive, avenging. She looks like she could be his. He should have done more to keep her out of his office. He shouldn't want to see just how low that flush goes, if it spreads down her tan skin like fire, if she'll open herself up to him. "Your thoughts are loud," she whispers, her eyes wide. It might be practicality, so he isn't embarrassed, doesn't feel how shame can be a slow burn similar to desire when it's a ghost of fingertips tracing the planes of skin. "Your cheeks are red." "They're not," so fucking vehemently, she denies it, a winning and a losing battle, when she brings her hand up to her burning face, the sleeves are nearly too long to reveal her fingers and he isn't being absentminded when he reaches out for her. So lightly, he holds her wrist, pays no mind to how her breath stalls when he takes her hand in his, brushing his thumb over her knuckles like he's a gentleman, like they're anywhere else, closed doors, a bed, this desk. He rolls the sleeve down so it's cuffed around her wrist, just a breath of tan skin paling on the back of her hand, and then like gravity. Like predestination, the Maker's good humor, happenstance, fate, chance, anything but a mistake, but fallibility, her mouth so pink, he stands when she does. Her chair scrapes against the floor, a paper crumples beneath his hand 'cause he doesn't care, she's pulling at the collar of his coat, drawing him in and it's tantalizing, his soul is smoldering under her eyes and it's scorching, this is divination, her palm is over his heart. She could pull it out, she could eat it and it'd be a blood orange; hazy and hot, their mouths aren't locked but they're breathing the same air stolen out of their lungs and pliant, it isn't conflict staining her cheeks red. He feels her shudder, something pulsating and bright that tries to bring them together just body to body, this desk is like a fissure between them, but when he splays his fingers over her cheek, caressing her jawline, he feels just how hot her skin is. It isn't enough, he feels the faint imprint of her lips against his jaw like she's breathing him in, like she can't, just a tilt of her head and they'd be kissing, their noses brush, his teeth skim her ear, then it all stops when she tenses. "Wait," she mumbles, a sigh. She tips her head back when the door slides open like a hiss, but he's watching her speckled green eyes flutter closed while she tries to breathe. "There you are," says Ren, and his dark eyes are flashing, assessing and predatory as he leans against the wall. His mask is in the crook of his arm, and he isn't quite smirking at Hux. It's twisted and cruel and worse, shadowed and cynical when he focuses on Rey. "I was looking for you, doll ," Ren snarks. "I thought we could have a cup of tea." Chapter 6 : Dubiety Summary: The legacies they bare and the burdens they carry and the unwillingness to admit the mistake, that this is all wrong, they weren't destined for this. Everything changes, but nothing really does all at once. Maybe she's acting out to prove she isn't a prisoner, maybe she wishes Ben weren't her family so she wouldn't have to forgive him in spite of the fact. It'd be easier despite it; it'd be an execution of her free will, she saw a troop of children dressed in white armor that kriffing saluted her, no one has free will here, no one , no one -- "I don't know why I'm here," she says. She counts to ten. Her hands are starting to shake. "You will see reason," Ren says through his mask, cold and mechanical. "You're meant for so much more, we --" "We could what?" she interrupts him. Her laugh is so desperate. "Overthrow the Supreme Leader? Rule the Galaxy?" His head tilts to the left. Like a predator, she thinks he's calculating her, but he's locked her in her room like she was a child, he's dueled her in a quiet, padded room, only crippling fear had her realizing he wasn't holding back this time. His lightsaber crackled across her face, under her eye, splitting her face in half, but to prove a point, he healed the burnt cut through the Force. "Is it so difficult," he starts calmly, yet she can sense the underlying impatience, "is it so difficult for you to view this war from our perspective? For being so morale, you make too many assumptions. You're too judgmental." "No," she denies. Like she learned to hit first, reason later, steadily walk on sloping sand dunes, she's realized it all depends on where you're standing, but for what is good and what is right, she. She. She's losing here. "Hux and I have debated that," she admits. Her voice is starting to shake, too. Is something really wrong in the sense those acting believing they're in the right? That they're striving to accomplish the greater good? "You and Hux talk a lot," he states, monotone. She means to react calmly, to bait him with her control, but damn her resolve, she's so volatile. "You won't let me communicate with any of my other friends!" "What friends?" For a second, she thinks he's smiling, but the voice box of his garb, he could be apologetic for all she can tell. "There aren't many of them left, Rey." "No one left but you, is that it?" She visibly bristles, she tries to take a calm breath. It isn't supposed to be like this, she's supposed to find the weaknesses of this Base and exploit them until the First Order implodes. She wasn't supposed to forget herself to the contradiction of it all: the desperation and the regret and the doubt because she can feel it. She feels him wake from his nightmares where Han is dying and he can't clean his blood-stained hands. "We don't get to choose our family," he's saying, not looking at her. "So what if I'm all you have?" She's lying through her teeth. "I was better off on Jakku." "But you could excel here, Rey. Just let me help you." Her hands are still shaking. "Hux isn't your friend. He'll betray you." - -- - -- - For looking like all the worlds are at his disposal, offered to him in treaties and surrender, destined for him like a premise, he sees Lord Ren with his hand-me-down title and the guilt he wears under the black garb. The sleepless nights and the regret, just give them back the last twenty years, they'll do better, this is a mistake, they're not meant to be here, "Leave," he tells her. He straightens; he makes a show of being in control, of being a General, but it's always the really well put-together ones that are ripping at the seams. It feels like gravity is tearing apart his head. The door latches closed. He looks up and he shouldn't have, she's shrouded in white, there's blood on her rosy cheeks, some pilots claim they go mad, that they see angels, but she -- "Leave," he says again, impatiently. "Why does the Galaxy need balance?" she blurts. "Why isn't there any order in the world? What happened that this ship has to bring it?" She's all but collapsed against the sliding door, the cold of the metal starting to prickle at her exposed arms, the sweatiness of her skin condensation against the reflective surface. She'd be here even if she left. It's a double-edged sword. "This isn't my responsibility," he begins, so contrite, but her chest heaves as she inhales claustrophobically. "Maker's sake, sit down and calm yourself." He doesn't have to be annoyed; if she's so important to the Supreme Leader, if she matters more than all the First Order together, then why does Ren only cause of her distress. Why did he have to watch him cleave her face in two helplessly? "Do you need water? A cold compress?" he asks her, more sigh than concern. The red, irritated skin of her face, this -- this is why men kill. Forget the war. "Do you need a medic?" "No," she tells him, crossing the room and pouring herself into the chair opposite his desk like whiskey. "I want to know why we're fighting. I --" "We?" he interrupts, shocked into silence. It has him headless for a moment. "What is so wrong that you have to fix it? Why was peace destroyed in the first place?" "Rey," but she holds up her hand. She makes breathing look so blessed. "Don't," she whispers. Tenderly, she presses her fingertips so lightly to her forehead. "Don't tell me you don't know the answers to everything. Don't lie to me." "..I wasn't," he says after hesitating, lying straight through his almost-smile. "But." Her eyes narrow at him, a flash of piercing green, and she's too into her head, she's drowning in this sea of stars swirling in the backdrop behind his face, she's sitting and all the galaxy is right here. All she has to do is reach for it. She closes her hands into fists. "I know what you're going to say." Unimpressed, he pretends to watch her, not what's the shade of a scar tomorrow won't display. "Should I humor you regardless?" She draws her lower lip between her teeth slowly, considering. Distracting him, but she's as attentive to detail as he is, the way he hasn't properly breathed since she invited herself in against regulation. "Say something else," she commands. Like an empress. "I'm not the one that's supposed to persuade you to our side," he chooses. And her voice is quicker than her head. "But you're the only one I trust." "Now that was a lie, doll," he quips, dripping candor instead of disdain. "You don't trust a single soul here." "Do you believe in souls?" In angels , he doesn't say, but she smiles nonetheless, she doesn't contradict him nor affirm it. "Why do we only talk in here?" she wonders next, and what is he supposed to remark to that? He idly stacks stray documents on his desk, oblivious to how he's turning them upside down, shuffling them out of their chronological order. "Ren threatened my life the last time you were here," he offers up like anything but a peace offering. She isn't about to validate him, there's no need, the sun is in her skin and her bones will always know starvation and she doesn't have the jurisdiction to play executioner and benefactor. She can't claim Ren wouldn't kill him because he's too important. There was a time Kylo Ren presumed the same of Snoke, but the Supreme Leader wanted Rey to kill Ben. He urged her to without hesitating or considering what it'd do to lose all of that power and those years spent nurturing him into who he was? What won't anyone here do for power? How much of this is really about bettering the world? Where are the lines drawn and who is really on which side? Again like she's collapsing, like her lungs are, she leans back into the chair. She counts to ten. She tries to see the Resistance Base and the light in it, but for just an instant, she wonders at the complications of changing a universe as it needs with someone like-minded, a red emblazoned insignia on a coat, the benefits of those complications and the starkness between what is good and what may be right , but how much of that is temptation? How much is seduction, how much is genuine, is he even -- "We didn't kiss," she unnecessarily tells him. That , that results in no reaction from him. He's better at this than she is. "I am aware of that, if you can imagine it." "I was trying to comfort you in justifying your impending death," she frowns, because this is such a double-edged blade. He rolls his eyes. Imperceptibly, she feels her breathing quicken, "If I'm to be condemned guilty," he's saying grandiosely, smug, looking at her in such a way it's just last week and their bodies moving without their minds, "shouldn't the punishment be a result of the crime?" "Crime," she repeats. Her brows furrow like almost distaste -- "Not to dishonor you," he remedies, reaching up and scathing his fingers through his hair. "The last thing I'm intending is to insult you. That is, I'm," his mouth purses. He shakes his head to himself, he looks like I'm sorry but he's acting like this encounter is a task he can count off his list. "That was a moment of weakness." Something in his tone is mechanical and distant. It's hitting her the wrong way. "Mine or yours?" "It shouldn't have happened," he finally exhales, looking like he's warring with himself. "Nothing did," she tries, but oh, he laughs and it's so cruel sounding, so empty. " Nothing ?" He can still feel her skin, and noth-- "Alright," he says collectively. "That's it, then." Silence settles, yet when she considers breaking it, he speaks up again. "I am sorry," he says quietly, the words strange like he's unaccustomed to them. "Rey." But suddenly, the fact of the matter -- for this, she isn't. "I'm really not," she tells him, careless and idle. He doesn't quite smirk, but his eyes lighten when he looks at her. "Is that so?" She looks at him, really looks at him, and now that she's relaxed, that her skin has cooled, she feels the cold. She misses his jacket. "Maybe moreso if I actually knew your name," she can't help but grant him. He watches her stretch her pale arms up, curl her hand over her cheek. "You do." She clarifies, "Your first name," as she pulls herself up and studies the reactions under his cold exterior, his cynical frown. Except he genuinely laughs so rarely, oh , she thinks. Oh, no . "General is all you'll need to call me." "That isn't it." "Is Rey even your true name?" he challenges gently. "Names change. They don't matter." "No." Lightly, she hears herself sighing. "Not much does, apparently." "No, it doesn't." Why don't you go find yourself a kitchen whore? Ren had sneered at him. The legacies they bare and the burdens they carry and the unwillingness to admit the mistake, that this is all wrong, they weren't destined for this. They've gone too far, though. They probably can't stop. "You're to address me only by General or Hux ," he warns her. They're both titles some say he didn't didn't deserve even though he's tried to earn them. "I know you've read about my father in the archives." She just nods; there isn't really anything to say when he sounds doubtful, like he's offering up something he shouldn't, a piece of himself he can't receive back. "My name is Armitage. No one has called me that in years."