Poe/Finn - Sex Pollen, Intercrural Summary: sexpollened!Poe / Finn When Finn turned the lights on in his quarters, Poe was there. His uniform was disheveled and he looked like he might have a fever. "Poe?" Before he could ask what was wrong, Poe was kissing him. He'd never been kissed in his life and Poe had been the frequent star of his fantasies about changing that. "Finn, I'm so sorry," Poe muttered between kisses, even as he backed Finn up against the wall and ground his hips against him. "I'm so sorry, buddy, but I need you so bad." Finn's head spun. Nothing about this was right. Something had happened to Poe. Poe's hand was on his chest, feeling him through his shirt. "Or we could go to Medbay," Finn suggested, struggling to make himself understood past Poe's insistent kisses. Poe groaned, sliding his hand lower. "I think you'd have to make me. I can't. Finn, I'm sorry, I can't." His palm was rubbing clumsily between Finn's legs, nothing like the gentle, skillful carreses Finn had imagined. "Poe, stop!" Finn grabbed Poe's wrist and yanked it away. Poe froze, clenching his teeth and panting. His hand began to twist in Finn's grip. "I can't stop." Tears welled up in the corners of his eyes as his wrist bent badly in its struggle to get out of Finn's grip. "I'm trying, Finn, but I can't. I don't want to hurt you. Finn, I'm so damn sorry." Finn knew he could probably win in a close quarters fight. He was a little bigger, if not by much, and he spent more time in high gravity. But he didn't even know how to hold one of Poe's hands off him without breaking his wrist. And he didn't know how much harm he'd have to do to his best friend in the universe to get him to medbay in this condition. He let go of Poe's wrist and pulled him in to a bear hug. "Hey, no." He put a big fake smile on. This, he could handle. Taking care of people he loved, that was what he wanted to be doing. "It's not your fault, buddy. We'll be okay. What do you need?" Poe moaned. "I need to feel you. Need to feel you all over, Finn. Undress for me." "Sure thing!" Finn said, trying for bright and chirpy but coming off pathetic to his own ears. He stripped down as fast as he could, trying to ignore Poe's intent stare. As soon as he was naked, Poe grabbed him, running his hands all over his body. "That's it," he groaned, freeing his own cock from his uniform, "so good. Touch it, please, Finn, touch me." I'm taking care of him, Finn reminded himself, wrapping his hand around Poe's cock. I'm taking care of Poe. Poe's fingers were roaming over him, tweaking a nipple, rubbing around the rim of Finn's belly button, pinching his butt. "Has anyone else had you like this?" Then Poe flinched back, "fuck, sorry. Finn, I didn't mean to say that." "Sure, lots," Finn gasped. "No big deal." Poe surged forward, pressing his cock between Finn's legs. His hands pressed the outsides of Finn's thighs, urging him to close his legs while Poe rutted between them. Finn closed his eyes and leaned against the wall, letting Poe use his body while he needed it. Chapter 2 : Poe / Finn - gratuitously angsty double dubcon Summary: Finn thinks that Poe, as his commanding officer, expects sex. Poe has no idea and thinks they're having a mutually great time. Poe had a thing about him acting like he was enjoying it. He'd never had a superior like that before, and it was kind of endearing how Poe couldn't get off at all if Finn didn't look like he was having a good time. He wouldn't even try to finish, he'd just give up right away. He never punished Finn over it, but Finn always felt motivated to do better anyways, not to let him down next time. It was no wonder Poe was so respected by his squad, his leadership was on a whole different level from anything Finn had seen before. When Poe wanted Finn hard and Finn could do it, he didn't just give up and ignore it or pitch a fit, he left Finn to figure out his own solution. And when Finn cooked up a story about Stormtrooper training and how he really did want it, Poe went with it. He still didn't enjoy companionship duties, never had, but he felt like he was getting better at it and that was worth being proud of. He used to be terrible at sucking cock, half the officers he'd served had written it in his records. The other half had written "received complaints from such-and-such guest regarding FN-2187's fellatio." But Poe still hadn't given up on him. He was so patient, he let Finn try for as long as he had to - at least, as long as Finn remembered to keep pretending to enjoy it. Poe was patient, but firm. He was sure that if Poe lent him out to someone now, he at least wouldn't embarrass him. Poe didn't seem to agree, though he was kind enough to never say so. He'd never asked Finn to provide sexual relief of any kind to anyone else. Finn was torn between relief and humiliation. He'd had favorable reviews from several officers. But that, he reminded himself constantly, was the First Order. They had higher standards here. He wasn't going to impress anyone with a soft cock bouncing around while he was fucked. He bet the rest of the squad could come on command. He bet they never burst into tears and had to fast talk their way back into Poe's good graces. He'd do better. For Poe. Poe had to lift his hips and lean over him to kiss him in this position, if he wanted to stay inside. Finn could swear he felt sloshing. "You look good like this. Taking it for me." He kissed Finn again, squeezed his hand, grinned at him. "Feel good?" That was another thing about Poe. He liked to role play, treating Finn like they were in a romantic dyad. Finn wished he wouldn't. Wished he'd do it even more. Wished he meant it. Wished he'd stop. It was such an embarrassing thing to be upset over, but Finn couldn't help it. There was a really stupid part of him with really stupid fantasies, and having them brought to mind while his commanding officer was pissing inside him and making him hold it made him feel ruined to the core. "Yeah." He nuzzled Poe's neck. He wasn't crying but, in case he started, he knew how not to get caught. He wasn't stupid about everything. "So good." Chapter 3 : Finn/Poe - poorly negotiated bsdm top angst Summary: Finn/Poe pooly negotiated BDSM. Top Finn feels bad for enjoying it. He liked to tell himself he was doing it because Poe got off on it, but that was a dirty, self-serving lie. When Poe was on his knees, drooling for Finn's cock and licking him through his uniform pants, it wasn't just for Poe. Not even slapping him in the face and saying things, awful things, about leaving him blindfolded somewhere to suck off passers-by. Finn liked that stuff, and he hated what it said about him, about how much of his training had stuck with him. But Poe was getting off on it too, part of him wheedled - the awful, cowardly part that wanted to make excuses - and I'm enjoying that he's enjoying it, we love each other. Pretty good excuse for how hard he was, watching Poe look up at him from the ground before crawling to lick his boot, pretty ass up in the air. Finn moaned and reached down to twist the toy inside of Poe, making him moan against Finn's boot. "Such an easy fucking slut." Finn's cock twitched even though he didn't know who he was talking to. Chapter 4 : Leia/Rey - incest sexpollen with bonus tentacles Summary: Leia/Rey sex pollen. Leia knows they're related but doesn't tell Rey to spare her from knowing. "Go on, please," her niece moaned, splay legged. "Don't worry, General. I want it. You know how these damn things work." Leia kissed the sweat off her belly, not saying anything. She never has to know. Just take care of her and it never has to hurt her. "At ease, soldier," she murmured, and kissed her way to Rey's dripping pussy. The poor girl's lips were all swollen, hot and inflamed thanks to the plant's secretions. Leia held her open and licked skillfully at her clit. "You've read the training manual?" Her niece was panting, "yes, yes," with breathless abandon. "Let yourself come when you can. The muscle contractions will help." She sucked Rey's clit while she probed her with fingers. She could feel the wriggling tendrils of the plant, hell, she could do that just putting a hand on Rey's belly, but she couldn't get a grip on it. It didn't shift the first time Rey came, or the second. Leia pulled back, heedless of her niece's needy whimper or the hands tugging hopefully at her hair. "It's not moving. I'll need to stretch you out a little." Rey groaned and licked her lips. "I guess I'm just too tight." She grinned down at Leia, brash and ready to roll with the punches. Tough kid. "What do you think, General, is my pussy too tight?" "That's right." Leia could play along, even if the dirty talk brought a guilty heat her own groin. She laid a light slap on her niece's swollen labia. "I'm going to have to loosen you up. By the time we're done I'll be able to get both fists in you and still have room for storage." Her hips bucked and she grabbed a fistful of Leia's uniform. "Do it. Make me however you want me, General." Rey was responsive as Leia fingered her, moaning and rocking her hips. Leia tried not to let it effect her, even when she held her niece open to get a good view inside her. She could see the plant now, dripping tentacles rubbing at Rey's inner walls. "Enjoying the view?" Rey's voice was sultry, but she slurred her words a little bit. The plant needed to come out soon. "Am I slack enough yet?" "You've got a very pretty pussy, all spread out for me." Leia knew she was going too far. This was beyond playing along. She leaned down to lick inside her niece. "But we'll need you even looser to pull this out. I'm going to fuck you with my fist now." She eased the two fingers of her each hand out of Rey, withdrawing except to hold her labia open. She could see inside a little ways now, but she needed that hole open wider to remove the plant. She formed a cone with the fingers of her right hand and pushed her hand inside her niece's hole. Rey strained up to take more of her arm. "That's it." She curled her hand into a fist and fucked her niece with sharp, little thrusts before, slowly, pulling all the way out with an obscene squelch. Did the plant look closer? She pressed her fist back in, pretending that hearing her niece whimper wasn't making her wet, and pulled all the way in and out in long, deep strokes. Her left thumb worked Rey's clit and didn't stop when she squirted. Tears and snot shone on Rey's face in the firelight. "More, General, please, more." With the plant probing her insides so forcefully it raised shapes on her abdomen and a fist pounding in and out of her swollen pussy, she was still begging for more. Leia stifled a groan. She moved her left hand from tugging idly at her niece's labia while scouring her clit with her thumb and put it palm to palm with her right hand, fingers closed. "You've got both my hands in you," she told her niece as she pressed them inside. For a while she slid them in and out like that, folded together all slim and demure. Then she laced her fingers together as if to form one big fist. The point was to get Rey as wide as possible after all. To get the plant out of her. She reminded herself of that goal as she filed away the noise of her hands breaching Rey's pussy over and over again, the wanton moans and the cant of Rey's hips, inviting more. She pushed deep and angled her wrists apart to stretch Rey further. Finally she pulled her hands out with a sloppy, wet noise and looked into her niece's gaping pussy. The plant was so close to her opening some of its little tendrils were poking out, wriggling against Rey's swollen lips. Leia knew from the way her body jerked and writhed that the plant was stimulating more sensitive places inside her than when it was in deep. She grabbed the exposed tendrils firmly at the base and pulled with a firm, even force, just like it said in the guides. The guides didn't say anything about her pretty, young niece screaming and bucking in wild, overstimulated orgasm as the plant, wide as an Ewok egg, dragged her open farther. Or what to do when, lying boneless as Leia struggled to pass the largest part through her opening, Rey blushed and whined and pissed all over her hands. "Sorry, Genr'l," she muttered, "pressing on my bladder." "I know," soothed Leia, maintaining the pull on the plant, "you're doing just fine, almost there." Finally, it came loose with a soggy plop and Leia stuck a stick through it to weight it down and dropped it into the fire. Then she turned back to her niece. Rey was panting, exhausted, but alive. The rest - her eyes strayed to the sloppy, debauched mess between her niece's legs and Leia swallowed hard - the rest would wait. Chapter 5 : Han/Finn, Chewie/Finn - angst, rebound sex, anal prolapse Summary: It started out emotional porn, then became also porn pron. Of the anatomically questionable hentai variety. Scumbag smugglers, man. They'll break your heart and your butt. This was the last time, Han thought, as he guided Finn's head off his softening cock. The kid wiped his mouth on the back of his hand, looking up at Han with those big, pretty brown eyes. "Look, kid," he started, not sure how he was going to go on. "It's been fun." The kid grinned at him, a little uncertainly. "Yeah. It has." "But we can't keep doing this." Han looked away from the shocked, hurt look on the kid's face. "Why not?" Han tried to ignore the break in the kid's voice. It didn't mean he was crying. "You're younger than- younger than anyone I ought to be sleeping with." He grimaced. This was why he couldn't go on like this. "I'm not that young, I'm-" "Stop lying! You're always lying and you're no good at it." Han felt like a real bastard when the kid flinched back and seemed to crumple. "That's not true. You're fine at it," he said, putting a hand under the kid's chin to tilt his face up. "You're fine at it, okay, kid? But I'm better. I see right through you every time." Finn sniffed. "Why does it matter how old I am? It didn't before." "I know. I made a mistake." Finn's eyes flashed and Han knew the kid was thinking the same thing he was. A lot of mistakes, just about every night. Mistakes in his bed, mistakes up against the walls, mistakes in the showers, mistakes preserved in holograms. It was a lot of times to make the same mistake, even for an old smuggler like him. "I never meant to lead you on, kid, make you think there was something serious where there wasn't. We had fun, but it's over now." "Oh," was all Finn said, looking at the dick he'd just sucked instead of Han's face. It was about a week later Han first saw them together, Finn and Chewie. It wasn't the first time Han had seen Chewie fuck, they'd hired escorts together enough times in their wild, younger days and on rare, lucky occasions even found ones willing to be penetrated by a wookiee in some particularly accomadating orifice or other. Finn bent over a console, gasping and whimpering while Chewie pounded him so deep Han could see it in his belly. There was drying come on his skin already, but he was hard again. Han jerked off watching them, privacy be damned. If they wanted privacy, they both had quarters they could fuck in. He had a talk with Chewie later. A discussion. Han started out hot, but Chewie always knew how to cool him down. He wasn't being reasonable anyways. It wasn't any of his business who Finn wanted to fuck or how, Han had decided that when he broke it off. And if what he wanted was for Chewie to turn him inside out with that huge rod of his then that was just great, so long as they kept it in their quarters. They were a long way from Kashyyyk, it would probably save them a damn fortune. It was smooth sailing for almost a month, until Chewie, bashful and distressed, asked Han to come to his quarters and bring medical supplies. He wasn't too clear on what, so Han just followed him. "Let me take a look first, then we'll figure it out." Finn was laying on Chewie's bed, naked and shivering. There was a pillow under his hips. He wouldn't look at Han. "Hey, kid. Chewie says you're hurt." He tried to be as gentle as he could, saying it, but the kid still busted up crying. "Hey, hey, easy. I'm just here to help." Chewie explained the problem and Han was a little glad Finn wouldn't understand. If there was a nice way to put it, it involved wookiee medical jargon Han didn't know. He eased Finn's knees apart and looked at the pink, swollen mess. To his shame, Han went from zero to rock hard faster than he had in years. Chewie would smell it for sure, but Chewie would understand. He just hoped the kid wouldn't notice. "Chewie likes me to push, after, to show him. It just didn't-" he shrugged in helpless embarrassment. "It didn't go back in," Han said, voice hoarse. "Don't worry kid, I can fix it." He spread Finn's legs wider, maybe wider than he needed to. "Where's the lube you used?" Finn nodded at a table by the bed and Han grabbed the little container off it, spreading a generous coating on both hands. "Now, relax." He reached down and touched the soft flesh of Finn's exposed insides, leading with his middle finger and pushing Finn right-side out around his hand. Finn sobbed and turned his head to watch Han through his tears. Han could see him getting hard again, as his fingers slid in to the second knuckle. Poor kid. Here's the man who rejected him, fixing the hole he broke slutting around on the rebound, and his cock gets hard from the touch. He kept pressing, almost up to the elbow before he felt sure Finn was back how he belonged inside. He felt like he might come in his pants, the way Finn was wriggling on his arm trying not to whimper, pretending nothing was going on even though his cock was bubbling precome, dripping down the sides with it. "You want me to make you come?" he growled, curling his hand into a fist. Finn sobbed and nodded. Han pushed deeper, feeling the crook of his elbow against Finn's balls. "Right now? In front of Chewie?" Finn and Chewie both made assenting noises, so Han fucked the kid with his arm. Finn didn't stop crying when he came, so Han didn't stop fucking him. By the time Finn had cried himself out over one more, dry this time, orgasm, Han's arm was killing him. He pulled out slowly, gently. Not being gentle with Finn's poor, fucked out-hole was what had gotten him back into this mess. Chewie admonished him. It stung. "I wasn't going to," Han lied, laying down and pulling Finn against his clothed chest. "See? I'm staying. We're all staying right here." "Yeah?" Finn looked at him with all the hope in the universe in those big brown eyes of his. "Yeah," he sighed. "Sure, kid." Chewie agreed. Chapter 6 : Kylo/Hux with Snoke watching - force speculums in all manner of holes Summary: Kylo Ren and Snoke are called before the Supreme Leader for serious Dark Side training by which I mean over the top hentai "Concentrate," Snoke told him. "Control. If you do not wish to tear him apart, you will learn discipline." Kylo Ren felt a bead of sweat trickle down his face. He should never have killed the prisoner. It was childish. Now, Hux was suspended, legs spread for his and his master's perusal. He was to spread Hux open using only the force. The Supreme Leader knew of their dalliances and had incorporated them into his training, setting tasks that would challenge his focus. He concentrated and heard a soft gasp from Hux before he saw his hole beginning to dilate. In his excitment, his control slipped, and Hux's hole stretched as though he'd plunged his cock inside him before he caught himself. The Supreme Leader chuckled. "The pupil begins to learn. Are you enjoying the sight? Does it arouse you?" "Yes, Supreme Leader." "Now, begin the next hole." Hux cried out when the stretch began in his urethra, but Kylo was pleased to note that he did not protest in front of their leader. He fucked Hux's cock with the Force at a leisurely pace, stretching his ass wider as the muscles adjusted. Not quite big enough for a fist yet, but it would be. He watched Hux's inner muscles quivering. Was he afraid? The Supreme Leader seemed content to watch for now, looking inside of Hux. Bored with no further instructions, Kylo stimulated his prostate. Hux's ejaculation looked different with his urethra opened to the size of a drinking straw, and Kylo appreciated the view of the contracting muscles inside him. Hux was panting harshly. Kylo wanted him to whimper in front of their leader. He forced him open wider. He could give birth like this. Or Kylo could stick his little finger in that cock. He forced him to another orgasm and Hux gave a strangled little scream, but no more. "His nipples," said the Supreme Leader, languidly. Kylo tugged and twisted them until he caught on. He started very small, wedging the little channels open with great care. He made Hux come, sobbing now, and expanded them while his body was shaking and loose. It took what felt like hours of careful, gradual pressure until the Supreme Leader seemed to be satisfied. Kylo was already satisfied, because Hux had been shaking and snivelling since he understood what the pressure in his nipples was doing to him. "Look at him. Find your release looking at your works. Fill him." Kylo jolted forward, releasing his cock from his uniform. He heard Hux cry out and realized his control had slipped again, stretching him further. There didn't seem to be any tearing. He pressed the head of his cock against each of Hux's nipples, smearing precome inside. "No one," he panted, "will ever do to you what I can do to you." He could feel himself pass the point of no return and he aimed wildly, confident that he had gotten at least a splash into Hux's ass. It would be hard to miss, such as it was. As fast as he could he lined himself up with Hux's cock, emptying himself inside, watching his come pool in the Hux's stretched urethra. He dipped a finger in, then brought it up to smear over Hux's nose and lips. "Enough." At his leader's word, he let go of his power. Hux's nipples almost seemed to spurt out his precome, they contraced so fast. Kylo reached out and tweaked one of the swollen, pink buds with his hand. Hux's cock was still a sloppy looking mess. "Allow him to approach." Kylo released Hux from his bonds and watched with amusement as he wobbled on shaking legs towards the hologram. He could still see deep into Hux's ruined ass. It looked like he had gotten a little come in there after all. "Control him." Kylo realized, cheeks burning, that their leader was addressing Hux. "Or I will be forced to assign him more such lessons." "Yes, Supreme Leader." Trembling, Hux saluted the hologram. Chapter 7 : Finn/Assorted patrons of Bea Arthur's space brothel Summary: Finn's sexy espionage (sexpionage?) xeno adventures in Bea Arthur's seedy space brothel, while wearing a metal bikini. This will probably become a recurring setting. (Hey, man, I didn't write all those not-porn words of flimsy setup for my health!) By the time Finn was medically cleared for combat missions, he was already assigned elsewhere. He didn't mind one bit. He knew he wasn't bad with a blaster, but he was better with a lie. And it was a thrill, being the rebel spy the holos all warned about. Maz had him tending bar and the rest was just being friendly and keeping his ears open. They got all kinds coming through, and that meant all kinds of information, but mostly it was trade gossip. Where'd someone lose time stopped at an overzealous inspection. Who got the big contract hauling First Order supplies. Which smuggler would rat out a competitor and which wouldn't. He logged it all and gave the data to Maz. How she got it back to base he didn't know, just like she didn't have decryption keys for any of her agents' reports. Just in case. "A post has opened up. I'm looking for a volunteer." "Why not assign someone? Is it dangerous?" "No more than working here. Maybe less, I doubt they get the bar fights we do. It's of interest because it's a trendy spot for high-rollers. A lot of deals get done there. But working there involves being sexually available to patrons." Maz was always blunt. Finn felt his face heating. "You mean like a brothel?" "More or less. Sex is more the bar snacks than the menu." "So, if a customer's getting handsy..." "Or tentacle-y." "... or tentacle-y, you just go with it?" "Yes." She looked at him seriously. "You 'go with it' as far as they want you to 'go with it,' barring injury or property damage." "Oh." Maz didn't bring it up again. Finn knew she had probably talked to all her contacts, but sometimes he thought, what if she'd asked him because she saw how he flirted when he worked the bar? It wasn't exactly a fantasy, but the idea of that, that someone might look at him and think he'd want that, turned him on. So did the idea of listening in on secrets while he got pawed by big businessbeings. It didn't take him too many nights to get up the nerve to volunteer. The place was on Tatooine and it didn't have a name. It was run by a human named Ackmena, a rebel sympathizer from the days of the Empire. She had a gravelly voice and a kind smile. "Don't be nervous, dear," she'd told him, and she'd shown him all the panic buttons on his uniform. They weren't allowed to take it off you, that was rule one. They could lift up or push down or shift over whatever they wanted (and, Ackmena has told him, they would want plenty), but it stayed on and that was that. It was a little metal thing in two pieces, with a bit of cloth hanging down and a couple pieces of jewelry. Ackmena had cooed over him as she'd helped him dress and applied a little gold shimmer to his lips and eyelids. "Perfect, darling, they'll eat you up." She'd winked at him. "Figuratively of course. My bouncers are the best in the sector." His heart was pounding by the time they opened for the night. He hovered by the bar, feeling more and more out of place, until Ackmena handed him a tray of drinks. "Table three, dear. Tell them this round's on Ackmena." Having a job to do broke the rising panic. This was fine. This was familiar. Well, not all familair. The room wasn't crowded yet, but he felt a few light, exploratory touches on his thighs as he passed, and one of the occupants of table three stroked his bare belly with a three fingered hand while chatting amiably to Finn. As long as he kept busy, he wasn't so nervous. The constant touches - a flipper sliding between his legs, an antenna poking down his top to prod at his nipple - kept him in a state of exhilarated arousal. And it was going well! A hutt bragged to their companion about having First Order officials paying them protection while idly toying with Finn's balls. A scaly trader of a species Finn didn't recognise had Finn sit on his lap and shift his top up to point out his nipples to a curious companion, then spent a while stroking them while discussing the best routes to avoid cargo inspections. Finn had tried to stay still and soak up the information, but the hands and eyes on him made him squirm. The customer reached between them to adjust his clothes, and Finn felt a pair of cool, slick hemipenes between his legs, pressing his own cock from underneath. The customer didn't ask him to to anything with them, just kept playing with his nipples and discussing First Order patrol patterns. Eventually, he sent Finn back to Ackmena with payment to close their tab and a scaly kiss on the cheek. She smiled when she counted it. "You know, he's usually a rotten tipper. But not tonight." Finn couldn't help but grin. "Table seven," she said, handing him a plate of wriggling sand eels. "Wex are a regular, a little demanding but we've never had a problem with them." Table seven was occupied by a rowdy Fefze swarm. They had six beetle like bodies, all of which clicked excitedly as Finn set down the plate. A couple bodies snatched sand eels to munch on. "Stay," Wex buzzed with the body at the end of the table, while the one nearest to Finn flipped the loin cloth up and tucked it expertly into the metal at his waist. One forleg rasped up and down his cock. He gasped at the feel of chemoreceptive hairs tickling him there. Another body of the swarm grabbed a squirming sand eel and rubbed it against the head of Finn's cock, seasoning it with his precome. Finn whimpered and his knees shook. After a while, the swarm withdrew the eel and passed it to another body to eat. The swarm repeated the proceedure with each eel on the plate, sometimes having one body or another lean forward pinch a nipple in its mandibles and give a little tug, milking an extra spurt from his cock. Finn was keenly aware of the stares and occasional chuckles from other patrons as he whimpered under the fefze's stimulation. Eventually, only one eel was left on the plate. The body that had been stroking his cock grabbed it firmly in its pincers and pressed it gently, inexorably into Finn's anus. He yelped and, as soon as the fefze's limb withdrew, pressed his legs together, as if that would ease the sensation of it thrashing inside him. He leaned on the table, breath coming hin hitching little sobs as two bodies of the swarm returned to tugging his nipples. A spattering of applause broke out when he came. The fefze and the rest of the patrons seemed to lose interest after that, but he could still feel the eel moving inside him as he tottered, clothes still askew, back to the bar with the empty tray. Ackmena looked him up and down and he knew she, and anyone else who cared to look, had a clear view of his swollen nipples, the come on his belly, the weak twitching of his cock as the eel continued to wriggle inside him. "Go freshen up, honey. Take five before the midnight rush." Chapter 8 : Finn/Poe - Dirty Stories Summary: Finn/Poe fluff, frottage, and a smut fic within a smut fic. The First Order may be evil, but they know their pornpraganda. After the third heavy sigh, Poe couldn't help but laugh. He leaned over and kissed the frown lines on Finn's forehead. "You don't have to keep reading it, you know." "Mm." "Do you still love me? Even though I have suspect taste in romance novels?" Finn rolled on his side to kiss him. "It's not that bad. It was just disappointing." Poe clutched his heart in mock anguish and Finn smacked his arm lightly. "Not like that, I just thought contraband pornography would be more... more." "It's not contraband." With a groan, Finn flopped onto his back and threw an arm over his eyes. "Are you kidding? Wait, don't tell me, in the last ten pages we find out Senator Enitaplap is behind it all and he's trying to dissolve the Republic, and that's why he's so evil. Censors satisfied, zero effort required. Am I right? I'm right, aren't I?" "No." Poe rolled his eyes. "I think the Republic's got a lot more lenient obscenity regs than you're used to, buddy." "Could use some harsher boring regs," grumbled Finn. "Okay, Mister Porn Snob," said Poe, rolling Finn on top of him, "what literary masterpieces are we missing out on?" Propping himself up on his elbows, Finn grinned down at him. "Well, there was 'Seeds of Dissent.' A young officer gets seduced on a mission to a neutral planet. The local's kinda tepid about the Order, but instead of reporting the sedition the officer just brushes it off. But it turns out the local's part of a rebel cell and he's drugging him. And every night, while he's sleeping the rebels are all ravishing him." Finn added a wiggle of his hips on the word "ravishing." "First, the egg-bearing members oviposit inside him until he's all stretched out, and then the sperm bearers fertilize them. Then, after a couple hours, after all the larvae hatch and crawl out of him, they clean him up and put him back to bed, just like nothing happened." Poe hummed apprerciatively and canted his hips against Finn's. "And how does he escape their nefarious plot?" "Well, the cell leader is too evil for his own good. He starts messing with the officer's mind during the day, complaining about how loose he is and accusing him of sleeping around. Making him do degrading things to prove his loyalty, then calling him a slut for getting off on it." He could feel how hard Finn was against his hip. He grinned. "How awful. What kind of degrading things?" "Oh, all kinds of stuff. It's a long book. He makes him suck him off in front of the other rebels, makes him go on duty with a bottle inside him - it turns out it's got a secret recording device in it. So the rebels are back at their base listening in on secrets and talking about how the muscles inside him contract and what the little slut is getting turned on by, that kind of thing." "Oh, the old sex bottle recording device. Classic rebel trick. They teach us that one in basic." Poe tried to guide Finn to thrust against him, but Finn, the huge tease, stayed maddeningly still. "So what happens next?" he panted. "Well, one day the rebel makes him keep a huge, vibrating device shaped like a bantha penis inside him." Poe's hips jerked and Finn moaned. "And he comes right in front of all the ranking officers on the ship. So there's an investigation into his morals." Finn shivered, rocking his hips Poe's. "The rebel he's been publically affiliated with breaks under interrogation. The rebel cell kept a bunch of holovids of things they did, and the inquisitor in charge of the case has to review them all. And he shows them all to the officer. For his own good." They were grinding against each other in earnest now. "How does he take it?" asked Poe. "He cries a lot and begs to be executed. But he also comes in his pants. That's how corrupted the rebels have left him." "So what you're saying is, you had high expectations for my rebel porn?" With a grin, Finn leaned forward to nip his earlobe. "Uh-huh. I was hoping you would ruin me." Poe couldn't help himself, he thrust up hard, only to find his hips pinned to the bed by Finn's hands. "Do you want me to finish the story or not?" Finn's voice was mischevious but Poe could feel drops of Finn's sweat on his chest. "Come on," he panted, "what next?" "He falls in love with the inquisitor, who takes him to bed out of pity." Finn bit back a whimper. Poe could feel his arms trembling. "He's got alien piercings all over and his ass still won't close at all, the inquisitor can't get off on his obscenely mutilated body. And he's been trained to need all the things the rebel leader would do to him." "Finn, fuck. Fuck." Finn was still holding their hips apart. "Stop teasing, I can't take it." Finn lowered himself flush against Poe and wrapped his arms around him. "The officer goes to re-education and comes back all clean and unspoiled. The inquisitor falls for him and teaches him to make love right. The end." He punctuated "the end" with sharp thrusts of his hips and Poe groaned. "And you had censors?" he panted. "How'd that make the cut?" Finn grinned at him. "It's a cautionary tale. And it has-" he broke off, gasping, Poe rolled his hips against him. "It has literary value. As an allegory." "For what ?" They were rutting against each other in earnest now, Poe clinging to the back of Finn's neck. "Open-mindedness." They were still laughing when they came, Poe first, thrusting up against Finn, and Finn not long after, stroking himself while Poe kissed his neck between chuckles. "Want to go wash up?" Poe rubbed Finn's sides fondly. "Sure." Finn rolled off the bed and offered him a hand up. They shuffled towards the fresher together. "You got any stories about dastardly rebels in the shower?" "Mmmm, well there was this one ...." Chapter 9 : FN-2187's thinly veiled self insert / monsers and rebel scum Summary: The First Order's pornpraganda and the fanfic thereof, with approval through the proper channels, of course! "Open your legs, and don't look like that. He's sentient. More or less." Nelo trembled in disgust and fear and - to his shame - something more. The hairy, hulking beast before him had the largest member he'd ever seen. "Please, Galtu. Don't make me. I only want you , please, I'll do anything if it's only with you." Galtu sneered at him. "You've given it up to bigger cocks behind my back. If I wanted to get off in you now I'd have to stick a fist in you and jack myself off." Nelo sobbed. He had no memory of it, he would never betray Galtu, but it had to be true. The evidence was right there between his legs. Galtu's voice turned gentle, "Nelo, I can still love a slut like you. Just be my slut." He kissed Nelo's tears away. "Come on, sweetheart, open for me. Take his cock for me." Trembling, Nelo spread his legs for the creature. FN-2187 muffled his whimper against the back of his hand. Poor Nelo. He reached down between his legs and gave his cock a quick stroke. He didn't want to come yet, he wanted to wait something big was inside Nelo. Maybe this monster's cock. The creature stepped forward and, with a feral growl, bent to lick at Nelo's most delicate place. Nelo remembered when Galtu had licked him there their first time, so gentle, slowly easing the tight ring of muscle open. There was no need for that now. The creature's long tongue squelched into his gaping hole, meeting no resistance. Nelo sobbed, even as his body betrayed him and the tongue laving over his prostate brought him to painful hardness. "Shhh," Galtu stroked his hair, "there's no need to cry." He ran a finger over the tip of Nelo's dripping cock. "Not when he's making you feel so good." The beeping of his communicator was drowned by Nelo's wail of orgasm. He didn't even realize he was recieving a call, until Galtu held the device to his ear. "Nelo Quin, recieving." He tried to keep his voice normal, even as the creatures tongue continued to batter his oversensitive insides. It was his CO. "Proceed to base immediately, Quin." "Yes, Sir. All hail the supreme leader." It was as if the words gave him the strength he had been lacking to push the creature off him and close his legs. "I have duty, Galtu. You have to go." Galtu kissed him on the forehead. "Of course you do. Thank you, my love, you've helped me so much today." He clasped Nelo's hands in his and squeezed. "Tonight, darling. Just the two of us. I'll make it up to you." Nelo wiped his tears away and dressed in his uniform. He still felt too dirty to wear it. FN-2187 sighed. That was good and all, but... he closed the reader and his media consumption stats page which, he was proud to note, was full of automated "Loyal Reader!" and "Keep On Keeping Informed!" messages and approving comments from his CO. He opened the educational materials terminal and began to type an application to produce auxilliary content. This story takes place during Seeds of Dissent right after Galtu is about to offer Nelo to the monster, but Nelo is saved by his duty to the First Order. Insidious rebel scum like Galtu don't just give up, so it would be realistic to show him diverting his monster's attention to another, even more vulnarable member of the First Order - a Stormtrooper who made the deadly mistake of engaging in unauthorized individual conversation with Galtu and has become his captive, and the outlet for his most extreme depravities. The devastating consequences of accepting a victory at face value and failing to defend on all fronts will be illustrated in this supplementaty story. Hux read the application with some interest. He didn't often enjoy Censor duty, he found the deluge of Stormtrooper-centric stories boring. Why should they have the bulk of auxilliary educational material directed at them when the only message they needed was to do as they were told? Still, he appreciated anyone submitting a Seeds of Dissent supplement, it was an underrated classic. And he appreciated nearly as much anyone who put a little effort of tactical thought into their application, most of the dreck was predicated purely on loyalty - probably as a consequence of being written by Stormtroopers. This, though, smacked of an officer's work. Besides, the premise had potential for an... impactful exploration of the consequences. Application approved to submit auxilliary educational materials for approval. FN-2187 beamed in pride. He'd never been approved faster. He adjusted himself in his uniform pants and began to type. Galtu turned to the creature with a simpering expression. "Now, now, I promise. I can still fulfill my end of our bargain, old friend, I would never cheat you. Follow me." He led the creature to the secret sub-sub-sub-basement of the base. The pitiful thing lying, unchained, on the table whimpered and curled around its swollen belly. "Galtu, it hurts." "I know, pet." He stroked his pet's dark curls, turned its face gently in his hands. That had been how he'd seduced his little Stormtrooper in the first place. Pretty little UM-8932 liked the attention he got from men when his helmet was off. He liked the way they looked at his smile, and his eyes. Galtu knew how to work with a little flirt like him. "There's my darling," he cooed, kissing UM-8932's exposed forehead, "there's no one but you who can help me like this, just you. You're my very best breeder, my own special favorite." UM-8932's face shone with love, even as a pained whimper forced its way out of him. "Now, we need to take these eggs out of you to make room for a friend of mine. No one can please him like you can, sweetheart, your body is so special." That much wasn't a lie. Galtu had seen to that. He reached out and tugged one of his pet's nipples, permanently stretched by the weights he hung from them. His pet's eyes were full of fear and eagerness in equal measure. "Anything," he breathed, "anything, but they're not ready to hatch yet." "We have an incubator. You just push them out for me, my only, get yourself nice and empty." Galtu watched in growing arousal has his pet strained to push forth the oversized eggs. The creature beside him groweled in lust as UM-8932's hole began to dialate and the bumpy, green surface of a near-fully developed egg was revealed. He rubbed his pet's belly, trailed fingers around the rim of his straining hole. "There, so good for me. You've never felt this, have you. You always wait for them to hatch out first and leave when they want." He kissed his pet's lips. "My good little breeding sleeve." As soon as the widest part forced its way past the rim of UM-8932's abused hole, it shot out. Galtu caught it and tutted. "Be careful, sweet, it could have shattered." His pet whimpered, contrite. "Shh, you'll do better on the next one. Just let it stretch you." The egg's varied in size, from fist size eggs that plopped out without any effort on his pet's part to eggs the size of a Jawa's head, that left UM-8932 straining and crying with effort. It was probably for the best, Galtu considered. There was a slim chance his pet might even survive the fucking that awaited it. At last, he could no longer see the shapes on his pet's abdomen. "Are you empty?" UM-8932 shook his head, biting his lip. He could still be shy, even like this. "There's one." Galtu didn't have the patience to wait for the slut's ruined muscles to do their work, so he smeared his arm to the elbow with lubricant. It took no effort to force his hand inside. He didn't have to go so far before he felt the egg. "There, sweetheart," he cooed, fucking the egg in and out of UM-8932's sloppy hole. His pet, always so responsive to his attention, mewled and canted his hips to give Galtu better access. The little slut was dripping for it in no time. "Are you ready for my friend? I want to see him fuck you, my special darling, do you want him to fuck you? You'll be the only human to take a cock from one of his kind. The only special one." "Yes, yes," chanted the broken Stormtrooper, lust glazed eyes turning to the monster. "Fuck me, please. Make me special." With a roar, the monster surged forwards. Its slimy cock caught against the sagging rim of UM-8932's hole. The round, bulbous head was almost the size of a human head. Certainly, the shaft was as big around as Galtu's own, muscular neck. It was a testament to how thoroughly Galtu had ruined his toy that the creature managed to breach him without any tearing. "How does it feel, my one?" Galtu's cock twitched at the sight. His pet's only repy was a broken, desperate noise as he writhed. He came when the monster pressed forward slightly, dragging the widest part of it's cock over his prostate. Galtu was doubly grateful for his surveilance cameras when the pressure on UM-8932's bladder caused the Stormtrooper, with a humiliated sob, to release a weak spray of piss. If his pet died like this, the records would still be a great morale boost for the rebel forces. Holos of pretty little Stormtroopers being fucked to death always were. The growling creature surged forwards a few more inches and bent to lick its victim's mutilated nipples. "You see," said Galtu, as UM-8932's cock twitched under the continued assault of sensations, "he likes how sexy I made you. Do you feel sexy, all full of his cock?" "Yes, oh yes." UM-8932 tried to wrap his legs around the beast, but he could only get his ankles behind its hips to urge it forward. There was still too much cock left. Well, Galtu thought with a wry grin, the little tease's flirting always has gotten him into trouble. The monster roared and thrust the remainder of its cock into UM-8932, recieving only a weak little noise as it fucked the breath out of him. It drove in and out of him with wild, bestial force and, to Galtu's amusement, the Stormtrooper's cock spurted a little on every thrust. He could see the bulge in his pet's belly when the monster thrust deep and, as it began to lengthen its strokes, he saw his pet's ever widening hole quivering on empty air when the huge head popped out of him, before stretching with a wet noise as it plowed back in. Then the monster thrust deep and stayed there, growling. His little pet sobbed and came and pissed all over himself again, and for a moment Galtu didn't understand why. It had taken the creature this deep before. "Galtu," came the tiny, frightened voice of his pet, "it's too much." Then UM-8932 returned to terrified sobs. "I want to go home. I want to serve the First Order. I don't-" Galtu stopped his pet's words with a kiss. It wasn't the first time this had happened, the little Stormtrooper had a core of loyalty that all his perversions couldn't penetrate. "Shh, shh, my love, my special love, stay with me," he coaxed, pulling at his pet's stretched nipples. That and the monster's cock in him should remind the stupid slut that he was too wrecked, too dirty, to ever go home. He looked down and saw his pet's belly was beginning to swell. The creature was pumping its come into him. "You're so lucky, sweet, he's coming just from fucking your hole. When's the last time anyone was ever able to do that? Say thank you, darling." He looked into UM-8932's dark brown eyes, afraid to see them blazing with defiance. But the spark had gone out. "Thank you," echoed the broken Stormtrooper. "Thank you for putting your knot in me." His body jerked and he came again, crying out. Galtu had forgotten this species had knots. He leaned over, curious to see what it was doing to his toy. He'd never seen a hole stretched so wide on a living human. UM-8932 would never be the same. His pet's breathing was coming in frightened gasps again and he retched, vomiting the monster's come onto his own chest. The creture licked it off, suckling at his mutilated nipples as if they would produce more, biting when they didn't. UM-8932 heaved again and the creature resumed bathing him with its tongue. It was getting bored inside him, Galtu could see. It tried to tug its knot out, but even after an inch, Galtu could see the slick, pink sheen of his pet's insides being dragged out with it. He gave the monster a gentle prod and it snapped its hips forwards with a disgruntled growl. "Our guest is getting bored," he told his barely conscious pet. "Show him a nice time. Play with your nipples, he likes them." UM-8932's feeble attempts to stretch and twist his nipples for the beast's amusement were met with apathy, so Galtu laid his hands on his pet's distended belly and rubbed the creature's cock. That kept it engaged until its knot went down a little. It was still the size of a Stormtrooper's helmet when the creature yanked it out, Galtu noticed with amusement. Perhaps an idea for another day. UM-8932 lay boneless on the table, come flowing out of his wide open hole to splatter on the floor. Galtu concluded his business with the creature, then turned to his pet. "No human fucked by one of his species has ever survived before," he told the shivering Stormtrooper, cupping his cheek in his hand, "Until you." UM-8932 gave a happy little moan and nuzzled against his hand. "You're very special. One of a kind. I have so very many plans for you." Hux jerked himself furiously. It was rare for him to have to relieve himself during a routine censorship assignment, but this was something special. Definitely the work of an officer, probably a high-ranking one, to have such keen observations of the psyche of a common Stormtrooper. It could even be someone he knew. After orgasm, he wiped himself clean and returned his attention to the application. Auxilliary educational materials approved with commendation. Await further requests for further supplementary materials covering issues of concern in syllabus (to be supplied). FN-2178 clapped his hands over his mouth to stifle a shout of joy. Someone in the propaganda department wanted more. More of his writing. He flopped back in his bunk, daydreaming over what his mysterious patron would request. Chapter 10 : Leia/Rey/Doppleganger Leia - Sex Pollen Summary: The further adventures of Leia and Rey on the planet of gratuitous sex hazards. The thing with her face had Rey by the hair. For a second, Leia wondered why Rey wasn't fighting - she had size and weight on her side - then she smelled it. She was soaking wet before she could get her filtration mask on and her head was spinning, but she knew where she was and she knew what was happening. Leia struggled to her feet and tottered towards Rey and the creature. Its too-long fingers were playing at her ass. Rey looked between them, brow furrowing. "General?" "That's not me," the thing cooed. "It's an imposter. But you're not fooled, are you? It couldn't make you feel this way, could it?" Two dripping fingers slid into Rey's ass and she whimpered, bucking back against it. "Rey." Leia took a hesitant step closer. "Rey, it's me, I-" Too close. Her niece's strong grip closed around her throat. She struggled to draw breath, tried to pry Rey's hands off, but it was no good. It would be easy for Rey to kill her this way. She had to get through to her somehow, even under the influence of the creature's pheromones. It couldn't make you feel this way, could it? She groped forward blindly until she made contact with Rey's bare belly, then slid her hand down. She found her neice's clit and rubbed, maybe too roughly in her panic, but Rey squealed and dropped her. Even as she leaned against Rey's thigh, gasping for air, she kept rubbing, slicking her fingers up with Rey's juices. When her head stopped spinning and her vision has cleared, the thing behind Rey had added a third finger to her ass and was cooing in her ear. Leia wasted no time in slipping three fingers into her niece's dripping pussy. "Rey, you remember this?" She fucked her gently, trying not to rush in her fear. "This is me, Rey." Rey moaned, "More," and she added another finger. So did the thing wearing her face, grinning over Rey's shoulder at her. Its hands were wrong - longer, but more slender, Leia noticed, and oozing a thick slime. It wasn't hard for the thing to slide its hand all the way into Rey's ass. "I'm so deep inside you, Rey," it crooned, "you don't need that other one." It wasn't as easy as she would have liked to ease her fist into Rey's hot, wet cunt. She would have taken her time, made sure not to hurt her. Leia could feel the thing's fist moving in Rey, deeper and quicker than she could go. She rubbed Rey's clit with her thumb, traced a finger around her stretched lips, and hoped she would be able to turn the tides. "Do it like before," Rey whimpered, hips bucking, "please, General." This was her chance. There was no time to worry about her niece's poor, pretty pussy. She drew her fist out, keeping it closed to stretch Rey wide in preparation. "Just like before," she promised, pressing her palms together and sliding her middle fingers into Rey. "You're mine, Rey, not hers. Feel me?" Rey wailed as Leia's hands entered her and hooked her legs around Leia's back, urging her forwards. She coukd feel the creature fisting Rey's ass pushing deeper, thrusting faster. She laced her fingers together fucked her neice with rough little jabs, rasping the hard surface of the filtration mask against her clit and not letting up when Rey screamed and squirted on her chin. "General." Rey's voice was stronger this time. "General, move back." With an obscene squelch, Leia pulled her interlocked hands from her niece's ruined cunt and stepped back, panting. Rey colied an arm around the creature's head and dropped to the ground, driving the creature's chin into her shoulder. It screeched and scampered back. Leia could see Rey flinch as it yanked its fist out of her. By the time it was out of sight, it didn't look humanoid anymore. Rey knelt, panting, with Leia at her side. "General, I'm sorry." "You have nothing to be sorry for," Leia told her, pulling off the mask to look her niece in the eye. "Nothing." When Rey leaned forward to kiss her, she couldn't manage to do the right thing and pull away. Chapter 11 : Hulk/Finn, crossover monster noncon Summary: Crossover monster noncon with crying, watersports, defloration, and very laconic slut shaming! And all in one convenient package - it's a bargain! "Bruce?" Finn called. Something wasn't right with their mysterious passenger. BB-8 had rolled up to the bridge beeping and even without anyone around to translate he could tell the little droid was distressed. "Everything okay?" They'd found him alone on a tiny but dense little asteroid, just massive enough to hold down a breathable atmosphere. He'd come with them as if in a daze and he wouldn't talk about how he ended up there. He was sad and quiet, but he'd always been kind. "Bruce, if you can't answer, I'm coming in." No answer. Finn overrided the door to his quarters and stepped inside. Everything was smashed. There were dents in the walls, even. And Bruce- The huge, green alien grabbed him by the waist and lifted without any visible effort. "Pretty." "Hey, big fella, easy," he tried to keep the fear out of his voice, to keep it calm and calming. "It's okay. Everything's okay." "Hulk want." A big green finger hooked into his shirt and ripped, then did the same with his pants. Finn's breath hitched as its tongue, huge and preternaturally strong, began to explore him. Finn didn't think he was going to be eaten, not if the huge, green cock he could see swelling to monstrous proportions was anything to go by, but it might kill him anyways just by accident. So he didn't struggle when the tongue lapped behind his balls, he opened his legs wide and hoped it would put that in him first. It growled when he spread his legs for it, the vibrations rumbling against his sack. "Hulk not first." "You are!" he insisted, terrified tears stinging the corner of his eyes. Please don't decide to get rough. Please, I don't want to die. It held him by his split thighs, gripping too tight and hurting him, but Finn didn't dare make a peep. It seemed to inspect him then, eyes roaming over him. He tried to clench tight, in a wild hope that maybe that would make him look more virginal. He'd never been fucked before, he didn't know how to make himself look like he hadn't. Its tongue finally slid back past his balls, making him whimper and twitch as it dragged over his perineum, and finally probing around his hole before forcing itself inside. Was it tasting for traces of other genetic material? If it was, what if some officer had taken advantage some time he was unconscious? That was possible, likely even. Could this thing detect such an old violation? Would it fuck him to death for that? Finn shivered, struggling not to cry with fear. He didn't want this thing getting worked up any more than it was. He had to keep things calm. But, oh, it was hard, with that slimy tongue fucking him deeper than his fingers could ever reach, pulling back to lick hard over his prostate. The sloppy, spit-dripping stimulation made him feel filthy. Its tongue inside him was forcing him to hardness and, even stronger than the shame, he felt terror at how it would react to the change in his body. Finally the tongue slid out of him. It replaced it almost immediately with a curious finger, bigger than any cock he'd ever seen in the barracks fresher. It lifted him up, sitting him on his palm with that finger inside him and held him aloft, looking at him curiously. Its eyes were on his dripping cock. The finger crooked inside him, a tiny motion but hard, pressing against his prostate with a force that made him see stars. "Finn want." "Yes," he lied, blinking his tears back. "Yes, just be gentle. Will you be gentle with me?" "Hulk gentle," it agreed, even as it began to bend and unbend the finger inside him, jerking him back and forth like a ragdoll. It was going to make him come like this, Finn thought, and he shoud try to let it, to relax his muscles for its cock. With a dry, hitching sob, Finn closed his eyes and let the feel of the monster throwing him back and forth by his insides bring him off. It grabbed his waist with its other hand and yanked him unceremoniously off its finger before bringing him down to sit on his cock. It wasn't pressing yet, just lining the tip up with Finn's hole and forcing him to feel it there, the thing that might kill him. He could 't tell exactly how big it was but it felt so wide. If the size of it broke his pelvic bone or dislocated his legs, he was going to die of shock. If it perforated his intestines, that was another way he might die in agony. He found himself hiding his face against its chest as he sobbed. Don't let it see, keep it calm. He carressed its chest with his hand like he was stroking a skittish bantha. "Gentle," he reminded, voice thick with crying. "I can make it nice if you're gentle." He thought it even was trying to be gentle, as it pushed into him so slowly. He clung to it and bit down on his own hand to stifle a scream. It felt like he was being hollowed out into a pleasure toy for this alien cock. It forced its way past his bladder and Finn felt the hot, humiliating dribble of piss from his soft cock. The monster's cock seemed to go on forever, Finn felt like it must be about to reach his throat. It was so big, he could feel it bulging out his belly, distending him father than even the largest enema they'd made him take in the First Order. Finally, he could feel himself sitting on the monster's hips. It sniffed at him and his chest clenched in terror again. Don't be angry, don't hurt me . The hot, wet rush inside him was such a relief it almost eclipsed the shame. Almost. The monster yanked all the way out of him, its piss pouring out as his hole twitched weakly on empty air. The force of it made Finn gasp and, while he was still reeling, it shoved back in. Its huge, heavy balls slapping against his ass shoud have hurt, but all Finn could focus on was the shock of penetration, filling him so deep he felt like his body was nothing but a sheath stretched around its cock. He'd come a little, soft cock spurting as that huge cockhead slammed past his prostate, but he'd barely registered even pleasure. "Don't," he whimpered. "Hulk want." "I'll make it nice," he promised. He didn't know how, he couldn't make the muscles of his hole clench in any more than a weak flutter. He wondered, if he lived, if his body would ever go back to normal. Oh, Poe, I wanted- Its growl was growing impatient. Frightened and desperate, Finn brough his hands to his swollen belly. He could feel the monster's cock under the skin and muscle, stretching him thin. Could it feel him? He slid his hands tentatively and its growl became a purr. "Finn nice." "Yes," Finn agreed, trying to ignore how jerking the alien cock through his own flesh made him feel. Dirty. Used. Like a toy with no say in how it got played with - again. "See? Just stay still and let me." Trying to ignore the precome beading at the head of his cock. There was no physical pleasure in stroking its cock through his guts, aside from what came with the enormous penetration. But that was enough. Oh, the stretch was intense. And the thought of what he was doing - he didn't want this to make him come. It made him sick even as it made his traitor body hot. "Make hole nice." "What?" The word slipped out before he could stop it. "I can't-" you ruined me "I don't know how to - you like this, right?" He sped his hands up, jerking it more vigorously. "See," he panted, trying to coo, "you like this." "Make hole nice." And now there was an impatiend growl growing behind its words. If he didn't satisfy it, it would entertain itself and Finn would die on its cock. Who would find what was left? Rey? Poe? Stop it. "Okay," he soothed, voice trembling, "okay, I will. I'll make it so nice just, just stay still for me. Very still." He didn't know if it would really make his hole any nicer, but he could only thing of one thing to try. He brought one hand down to his cock, trying to stroke himself. It hurt so much, the soft, overstimulated flesh protesting even the softest touch. But maybe pain would make him desirable too? "Bad," barked the monster. Apparently not. It shook him, probably gently in its mind but it still made him whip back and forth and its cock wrenched back and forth inside him, jolting the huge shaft against his prostate. The cry he tried to stifle was mostly shameful pleasure and the creature stroked a finger up his spine. "Good." "Gentle," he soothed, bringing a shaky hand, the one that wasn't busy stroking the huge cock deforming his stomach, up to play with his nipples. He knew he could bring himself off this way, had done it before without a monstrous alien stuffing him so full he felt the pleasure of it even sitting still. His body tensed at the pleasure as he pinched and pulled one nipple, firm but not rough, and he closed his eyes, trying to imagine the cock inside him was someone he wanted. Poe - no, not Poe, it was too big to be a human. Chewie. Yes. Chewie would be sweet with him. He would have helped Finn open himself slowly, praising his body in words Finn didn't understand. But if Han were here - Finn pushed the ache in his heart away, this was his fantasy and things would be right there - Han would translate for him. "He says you're the prettiest human he's ever seen, kid. Frankly, I'm a little insulted." Han winked at him. Then he leaned close. "But he's not wrong." He'd kiss Finn then. He'd be the one playing with Finn's nipples. "Chewie thinks your tits are just as cute as I do. Can you come just from this?" Finn gave his other nipple a playful tweak like Han would. Just a little too hard, but meant with affection. "Yes," panted Finn, aloud. The huge cock - Chewie's huge cock, there was no monster forcing him to come or die - rocked inside him encouragingly, the stretch and press of it almost enough. Finn plucked at his nipples in place of Han's skillful fingers. "You're a treasure, kiddo, a real keeper." They'd both kiss him, the two of them together. Finn stroked his lips with his fingers, kissing softly, and shuddered in orgasm. He was sobbing openly before his cock even stopped dribbling out its weak stream of come. Either the shuddery waves inside him woud make it come or it would fuck him to shreds now. He'd either find Chewie's arms or Han's for comfort. The thick gush of come inside him made him sob harder in humiliated relief. It stayed inside him until it was done and the liquid stretch was agony, then it plucked him off its cock and tossed him aside, leaving him curled in a heap and gasping at the sudden emptiness. Finn stayed there, trying to be small and uninteresting. It would get bored, wander off and he would contact the others, warn them. Or, he thought, bleakly, it'll take a little rest and then want me again. He tried to muffle his crying with his hands. Forget me, forget me, please don't notice me . "Finn?" Bruce's voice was shaky, nauseated. Had he been hiding? Had he seen- "Oh god. Finn. Did something happen?" Finn lifted his eyes and for some reason, it didn't make any sense, for some reason the sight of Bruce approaching to kneel in front of him had him scrambling back to press further into the corner. The motion made more of the beast's come squelch out of him. Sitting like this, Bruce probably had a view of whatever loose, gaping mess the creature had left of his hole. Face burning, Finn squeezed his legs together and brought his hands down to cover himself. Then his swimming mind realized that there was something he needed to do a lot more vital than feebly trying to protect his ruined modesty. "Bruce, be careful, call for help," he croaked, looking into Bruce's horrified eyes. "There's a monster." Chapter 12 : Assorted Finn xeno shorts Summary: Like a box of chocolates! But with aliens. One of them was even sweet. Finn swallowed around the ovipositor in his throat, looking up at the big priapulin with pleading eyes, hoping she would pull out before depositing her brood. So long as she didn't leave his stomach bulging with eggs, Poe might never know about this. He'd pay for their passage and Poe would never have to know. Behind him, her copilot shoved his tendrils deeper into Finn and he moaned, feeling the bulging spermpacket pressed inside him and coaxed deeper by the wandering tentacles. They hadn't counted on the package landing so close to a volcanic vent, but Finn had managed to retrieve it and get away without any trouble from the local fauna. The methane seas of Elgar 4 were no place for a vacation, no matter how sophisticated the Resistance's skinsuit tech was. As he swam, a glitter of bioluminescence caught his eye. He turned, light shining towards it, and saw a huge, soft-bodied creature flapping his way, swirling its colorful frills. He watched, mesmerised by the dancing light, until he saw a ripple and, too quick to react, felt the stinging pain in his thigh. His suit sealed itself around the little spine, preventing a fatal pressurization, but he felt as though heat were radiating from the dart, sensitizing his skin, making blood rush to his cock and nipples. He knew now what the creature wanted, and he wanted it too. Anything it could do to him through his suit, any way it could fuck him, he wanted it. It swam closer and wrapped itself around him, pressing almost experimentally on his body. He spread his legs and wriggled when it explored between them, hoping to encourage it. It pressed more firmly, stetching the suit against him as it probed around his genitals, then pressed shallowly into his hole. Finn forced himself to look away from Poe's horrified gaze and hoped that Poe would do the same for him. Please don't watch. Don't watch what I have to do. He reached out to stroke the reptoid's cloaca, coaxing out its dripping hemipenes. Its claw didn't leave his throat, but it wasn't cutting him yet. Lifting his hips, he stroked the creature's hemipenes with one hand while he struggled to shove his pants down with the other. The thought of Poe seeing this made his cock throb shamefully. He guided the creature's hemipenes between his legs, lining them up to push into him together. It shoved inside of him with one brutal thruse and he bit his lip to stifle a cry. If Poe thought he was hurt, he'd look. He'd see Finn being double stuffed with reptoid cock and he'd see the way Finn's body was responding to it. Finn grinned up at his rescuer, heart still pounding. He wasn't sure the big guy understood the expression, what with not really having a face, so he patted a gelatinous tentacle gently. They were safe, for now. "Thanks. They said your name's Yulg'th, right?" Yulg'th made what he thought was an assenting gurgle and dipped two eye stalks to flank his face. That was probably polite. If he had prehensile eyestalks, he was pretty sure that would be a friendly thing to do. "I'm Finn." One tentacle rose to lightly bump the tip of his nose. Once, then twice again, then three times. Finn couldn't help but laugh. After five more gentle nudges, he got it. He lifted a hand to tap seven times on the tentacle, then eleven more. Yulg'th responded with thirteen gooey bops. Laying a hand on Yulg'th's mantle, Finn said, "Yeah, we're going to be just fine." Yulg'th burbled and draped a tendril over his head. They made their way to town carefully, giving the First Order base a wide berth. Yulg'th knew the area best, but Finn was better at spotting signs of humanoid activity. They made a good team. The nights were cold, but they were both similarly temperatured endotherms so they snuggled up to sleep. Well, Finn slept. He wasn't sure really if Yulg'th did or not, but his betentacled buddy seemed to know that your average vertebrate needed regular naps. Finally, they walked and slithered, respectively, thought the tree line and into view of the rainbow lights of the port. Yulg'th wrapped a tendril around Finn's waist and gave him a gentle squeeze. "We made it, buddy." He leaned against Yulg'th's mantle. "I guess you've got your own business to get to. And I've gotta find a ship." He ran his fingers over the ridge of chemoreceptive suckers near the base of Yulg'th's eyestalks, like Yulg'th had showed him to do. "I'm going to miss you." He felt a tug at his waist. "Okay, I'll follow you. It's not like I know where I'm going." Yulg'th led them to a seedy establishment that seemed to be the local smugglers' bar. There weren't many species he recognized, but the big priapulin at the bar beckoned them over with several of her upper prolegs. After fiddling with the translator strapped to her thorax, she said, "Don't get many bipeds around these parts. You with that bunch digging around in the woods?" "Not me," said Finn, "I'm just trying to hitch a ride home." He smiled and hoped the charm would translate. Yulg'th squelched and she made a clicking noise like a broken motor. "[Affable laughter]," said the automatic translator. "Your sweetheart's a real cutie," she told Yulg'th, "what kind of currency you carrying? I'll do passenger runs if the price is right." "I've got credits," Finn said, feeing his cheeks heat. Sweetheart? Feeing almost shy, he smiled at Yulg'th, who proceeded to regurgitate a pile of crystals onto the bar. The priapulin swept them into her bag. "I'll take the credits too." Chapter 13 : Finn/tentacles, non con The mission was dangerous, they'd all known that. What they hadn't bargained for was their planet-side contact going into rut. Trrrk had explained his dilemma as best he could, wild eyed and seed pouch gaping. It was all Finn could do to get him to give them his caving equipment and tracker, all reeking of pheromones, before he staggeded back to town to look for a compatible mate. They'd followed the signal to the cave mouth, where Trrk would have entered to retrieve the cached documents. Now they'd have to figure out another way. There weren't many options. Finn looked from the hole to his team. It looked to be a vertical shaft, long enough they couldn't see the end with their lights. "I'm the only one who'll fit. It'll have to be me." No one argued with him. It was a simple fact. Finn harnessed up and handed the line to Chewie. "Just don't drop me," he said with a grin. Chewie made a scolding sound Finn didn't need the translator for and hugged him. "I'll be fine." He didn't know that. If there were bends and he couldn't find a bigger opening to turn around in.... Finn forced the thought down as he began to climb face first down into the cave, holding himself by wedging his hands and feet on the walls and scootching down limb by limb. It was slow, scary going, but not as difficult as he'd feared, especially with Chewie taking some of his weight on the line. He couldn't see far in front of him, even with his lights, all he could smell was the cloyung scent of Trrrk's pheromones, and all he could hear was his own breathing. Well... almost. Yes, if he stayed still for a moment, he could hear something else, very faintly, echoing up the shaft. Could it be running water? Finn kept climbing, deeper and deeper. Now, he was sure he heard water. In a big, open space! He kept climbing and eventually started to see a faint glow of some organic phosphorescence up ahead. He was close! He moved carefully, not wanting to find the end of th shaft by falling out of it. He was sure Chewie could catch him, but it was better to keep control. Finally, he reached the end of the shaft. The huge grotto beneath took his breath away. It was beautiful, phosphorescent fungi lighting the cave with a pale lavender glow and throwing rainbows off the bunches of crystals sprouting from the walls and floor. A small stream trickled through the cave. Finn touched his communicator. "Chewie, the shaft comes out in the ceiling of a big room. Can you lower me down?" Chewie responded in the affirmative and let out line slowly until Finn reached the floor. "It's big enough I can walk down here, I'm going to put a stake down and use an auxilliary line for navigation." He unhooked from the line connecting him to the surface and hammered a stake into the ground, hooking a long, light cable to it that he could unspool and follow back. The tracker led him along the stream and, to Finn's relief, the walls stayed wide and the ceiling stayed high. His spool was nearly empty by the time he spotted the little cairn the tracker was leading him to and, beneath it, the data crystal they needed. He pocketed it and touched his communicator. "Got it," he said, to his team's raucous celebration, "starting back now." He reeled the cable back onto its spool as he went, relief flooding through him. He'd walk back, Chewie would pull him up, and they'd all be out of here. He didn't expect what awaited him in the grotto. Pale, glowing tendrils groped out from every nook and cranny in the walls, all of them reaching towards him. They moved as he walked, tops following as if watching him. Creepy, but so far none of them could actually reach him. Finn pulled his datapad and it didn't take too long to make identify the strange fauna. Cave feelers. Detritovores, phew, one worry averted. Weird lifecycle. They piggybacked on other species' reproductive infrastructure and - and Finn smelled like a local in rut. That was why they were so interested, they wanted to make a few extra delosits in his seed-pouch. Well, too bad for them he wasn't built that way.And they couldn't reach him anyways to find out. That was what he thought until he got to the stake in the ground and his original line. Looking up, he could see more of the cave feelers reaching down from the ceiling shaft he'd have to pass through. He clipped himself to the line and checked that the data crystal was secure. "Chewie, there's some nonsentient fauna that might make some trouble when you bring me up. I don't think it can hurt me, only get in the way. Just bring me up slow." As Chewie raised him slowly towards the shaft, Finn braced himself for the touch of the tentacles. They were cool, smooth, and soft. In other circumstances, it might have felt nice. They groped blindly over every inch of him, wriggling eagerly under his clothes wherever they could. He shivered as one slid over a nipple, forcing it to hardness with its cool press. More tentacles felt around his cock and balls and Finn fought back a moan. Between the narrow shaft and the crowded press of the feelers, he couldn't move his arms to push them away. When the first tentacle found his ass and pressed inside, Finn tried to focus on the steady lift of the line. Chewie was pulling him out of here. He'd be out soon. The feelers seemed to have some rudimentary communication, because as soon as one found its way inside there was more and more sliding in to join it. A single feeler wasn't wide, but as more of them entered him he could feel the stretch of them. The unwanted penetration, feelers jostling for position against his prostate, was starting to make him get hard. The tendrils feeling over his cock seemed to take an interest in it as it stirred and one found its way into his urethera. And another. And two more. The stretch as they slid down into his cock had him whimpering though clenched teeth, not wanting to open his mouth lest the feelers start exploring there too. All he could do was feel and wait, helpless as the feelers cralwed over him, groping inside and out. As he was pulled up and out of reach of some, dragged off them by the steady upwards pull of the line, more took their place, surging into him. It felt like the whole colony of cave feelers was fucking his ass and cock in slow, undulating waves. His balls felt heavy and swollen. The tendrils probing around inside his cock seemed to be secreting something, pouring it into him and filling him up. The ones in his ass were filling him too, he could feel it building up inside him, something thick and sticky, alomg with some kind of hard, waxy plug that they were building from deep inside him. As the feelers continued to fill and carress his insides, more of them fitting inside as they stretched his holes with their use, waves of spasming pleasure began to rack him. It was like he was coming over and over again, so overstimulated by the tendrils inside him that his body couldn't stop. When he wailed, they found his mouth immediately. By the time Chewie pulled him out of the hole, they had mostly finished with him. They'd stopped filling his balls eventually and the plug they'd built in his ass kept them from probing him there. They still slid over his skin, a maddening, teasing touch after all they'd done to him, until Chewie helped him stagger out of reach.