Chapter 1 How it Began There are many religions and beliefs around the world. Many stories, many different views of the afterlife, many different dirties that people believe or once believed governed over them. They vary in many different ways but some particular things usually match. One such belief is that of the human soul, eternal and indestructible, a thing everyone has. Now, contrary to popular belief, the world exists in four separate dimensions, not three. There are the three we can conceive followed by time. That's important. Remember it. Seriously. "Not Harry, please!" "Move aside, silly girl." "Not Harry!" Little Harry Potter didn't understand. All he knew was that there were scary noises and his mommy was scared and that there was a weird looking man standing right in front of him. Then, there was a flash of brilliant green light. Little Harry scrunched his eyes and looked away. A thud sounded as his mother went to sleep. Harry frowned. He didn't want nap time! Especially not with that weirdo in the room. Little Harry looked down at his mother and did what all babies do to get attention and started bawling loudly. Voldemort let out a small snarl. This was the brat fated to defeat him? Hah! With a twirl of his wand the dark lord letting a curse loose upon the unsuspecting child. Now, the method the Killing Curse takes lives is not so different from how a Dementor leaves its victims scared. It's just far messier. You see, the Killing Curse forcibly causes the human soul and spirit to split from the body. This, the victim drops dead without any physical sign. They just cease to be. That's important too. For, you see, as green lightning arched towards the child the blood runes Lily Potter had carved into the crib and energized with her own willing sacrifice activated. Voldemort had a brief oh shit moment before the curse backfired and blasted him. Little Harry screamed as the room exploded around him and the dark lord was blown to smithereens. Unfortunately, or fortunately depending on how you look at it, there was an unforeseen consequence to Voldemort's act that night. The Killing Curse is a spell that assaults the very soul of its victims. Because of that one little detail, something unexpected happened. As little Harry was the first survivor of the Killing Curse in recorded history, it could not have been foreseen. Little Harry swayed back and forth before falling backwards into his pillow, unconscious. Getting memories from a past life at such a young age tend to do that to you, after all. Chapter 2 : Bobby Singer, Part 1 Summary: Harry Potter remembers his past life as Bobby Singer- even though Bobby is still very much alive on another continent. What does it mean and why does he remember anything at all? Chapter 2 Bobby Singer, Supernatural, Part 1 Harry Potter was five years old when he realized his relatives were lying pieces shit. If how they treated him wasn't enough of an indicator, the rumors they spread about him and his dead parents were a big ass flashing sign that things were not as they should be. That, and he kept getting odd flashes. A blond woman who smiled at him and made his heart skip a beat. Two women, a mother and a daughter, that he felt he'd known all his life. A pair of little boys looking up at him, watching them slowly grow from being pint sized little twerps until they were both taller than him. Harry didn't know their names but he fondly thoughts of the two as his idijits. He didn't know what that meant either and made sure to never ask his aunt about it. After all, he'd once asked her where John had went and ended up in the cupboard for a week. Harry Potter was seven when he hid away in the library, the one place Dudley wouldn't come near for anything less than a fifty pound note, when he noticed he could read. School had always seemed slow to him but it was at that moment that he realized he could read books meant for people way older than him. Not just that, he could also read in Latin and for some reason could understand other languages too. Harry was nine when he met his first monster. He'd been running from Dudley- again. Harry Hunting was getting ridiculous, especially since his uncle would pay the little brat every time he noticed Harry coming home with a few extra bruises. "Find the freak!" "Think anyone will notice if we break his glasses?" "Let's strip him so he has to sneak back home!" Harry felt anger boil in his stomach. If he'd been an ordinary little boy, he probably would have thought he deserved it. If he was ordinary boy, maybe it wouldn't have escalated this far. But Harry wasn't an ordinary boy. He'd lost count of the times he'd reacted on instinct and taken down Dudley and his gang before he even knew what he was doing. That had been the first time Uncle Vernon had hit him with the belt. Instead of convincing Dudley's gang to back off, his actions had done the opposite. They were more determined than ever to beat the crap out of him. Knowing Harry would get a beating if he fought back was a plus. Harry sneaked away and ran. He didn't look where he was going and he didn't pay attention to the steadily sinking sun. That's how young Harry ended up in the cemetery and how he met his first ghoul. He slipped into one of the crypts and panted slightly. All that running had tired him out. Harry waited until the sound of Dudley and his gang muted and he was sure they left before turning looking and at his surroundings. Harry froze when he spotted a pair of glowing eyes glaring out of the darkness. "Well, look at that, fresh meat!" That wasn't very reassuring. Harry let out a squeak and fled. Or, attempted too. He hadn't made it five steps out of the grave before he was tackled to the ground and there was snarling in his ears. Suddenly, it was like a dam broke. There was Harry Potter and there was Bobby Singer. Two halves of a whole and Harry wasn't sure who he was anymore. Was he the little boy that lived with relatives that hated him or was he the aged hunter that had helped raised a pair of boys more than their own father had? A child or an old drunk that lived in South Dakota? Not that it mattered much now. He was going to die. "Oi, Jack, get off the kid!" The body on top of Harry- Bobby- Habby?- Barry?- was pulled off. Harry quickly rolled over, backed away and stood. "Get off George! It's fresh meat! Aren't you tired of corpses?" "Better a corpse than a brat! And you wonder why humans don't like us! Oi, brat, get going!" Harry-Bobby didn't need to be told twice. He turned and ran. He'd killed ghouls before but in his current condition? Psh, yeah right. "Yer a wizard, Harry!" Harry froze. He had magic. Come to think of it, that should have been more obvious earlier on. Blame it on denial, blame it on his still developing brain, but he'd never connected the dots to strange shit happening around him to magic. Or, more specifically, internal magic. Hell, he'd spent months wondering if Gabriel was playing an elaborate prank on him. He'd even tried calling for Castiel but all that had done was get him weird looks and his so called uncle trying to beat him. Not that Vernon could, anymore. Harry Potter might willingly sleep in a cupboard but Bobby Singer had more pride than that. Threatening to cause a scandal worked nicely, especially with all the evidence he'd gathered. Cameras. Wonderful inventions. Still, back to the point about him being a wizard. Since he'd never once considered the possibility, the revelation led to one reaction. "Balls!" His aunt's scandalized face was totally worth it. "You mean yeah have an entire society… That's scarred shitless… Of saying some dumbass dark lord's obviously fake name?" Harry stated incredulously. "Well, when yeh put it tha' way… Oi, language young man!" Harry stared at the goblin. The goblin stared at Harry. The goblin barred his fangs. Harry's face twisted into a snarl. The goblin smirked. Harry returned it and the pair shook hands. The rest of Gringotts could only look on in wonder. "You're Harry Potter!" "No, yah idjit, I'm the freakin' wizard of Oz." "Who?" "..." "Well, well, well. Isn't this fascinating." The moment Harry heard the voice speaking directly into his head he reacted with years of ingrained hunter instinct. He leapt up, rose the hat off his head, and sprinkled the damn thing with holy water. If the hat wasn't posed, Sam was shorter than those fairies that had kidnapped Dean and taken him off to Oberon. Silence. Harry felt more than saw the burning glare of hatred the greasy haired professor flung at him. Then, to his shock, the hat spoke again. "I'm not possessed, you know, although I'm glad at least one person in this place knows what to do in case they come across a possessed individual. Now, if you would kindly let me do my job." Wearily, Harry picked up the hat before glaring at it. "No funny business, yah hear?" "Yeah, yeah. Now, let me sort you! Bah. Year after year. There's always someone who gets a little wonky." Harry grumbled but decided not to say anything back. The looks he was getting were enough. Ravenclaw was nice. No idiots allowed, a riddle to get in, books where he could research his unique… Condition. Yes, that was it. Harry had a condition. Remembering a past life couldn't be ordinary, after all. "Oi, Potter! Where'd you learn how to break a possession?" one of his new roommates, Michael Corner, asked. The rest of Harry's roommates turned, curious. Harry just shrugged. "Read it in a book." He half lied. Okay, so the lore came from a book, but he hadn't bothered to actually read it. "So all you have to do is throw water on 'em? Sounds simple enough!" this came from Terry Boot. "Oh course not, dumbass. It's more complicated than that." Harry rolled his eyes before sitting down and motioning his roommates to sit around him. Sure, they were young to be tossed into hunting but hey, they were magical. Might as well extend some friendly knowledge. Harry ignored the pang in his heart that reminded him of Dean and Sam and how he'd had many talks just like this with them. "Mr. Potter, our new… Celebrity." Harry blinked. What the hell? Black eyes met his and Harry met the gaze head on. Snakes eyes bore into his before the latter flinched back and stumbled backwards, much to the confusion of the class. Snape looked at Harry wearily before ignoring him for the rest of the class. Huh. Weird. "Troll! Troll, in the dungeon!" Halloween was rudely interrupted. Unfortunately, Harry wasn't there to see it. Like most hunters, the concept of actually celebrating Halloween left him with a bad taste in his mouth. So, there was no Harry Potter in the Great Hall that day. There was no Harry Potter to run to the aid of Hermione Granger, even though he'd heard Ronald Weasley's comment to her since Ravenclaws and Gryffindors conveniently shared Charms class that day. Luckily, Professor McGonagall arrived in time to save Hermione. However, without Harry's interference she didn't get away unscathed and ended up in the Hospital Wing. Despite Neville and Harry both visiting her, she was gone by the end of the week. Hogwarts just wasn't worth it for her. Harry froze. The mirror… This mirror… He could see himself, his old self, reflected in the image. Next to him to the side were Sam and Dean and he had an arm around Ellen and Jo was there smiling and Castiel was in the background and… Without hesitation, he lifted his wand and simply let loose a blast of pure magic, his mind blank. False promises and empty images designed to bend the mind weren't anything he was interested in. Unfortunately, Dumbledore hadn't show up that first night. He had decided to let little Harry encounter the mirror first and give him some privacy. As such, there was nothing to stop Harry from shattering a priceless heirloom without a moment's hesitation. Good riddance. "You wanted to see me, Mr. Potter?" Dumbledore smiled. On the inside, he was seething. The brat broke the Mirror of Erised and Snape refused to try and enter the boy's mind again after the first instance. Normally, Dumbledore would never condone the use of mind arts on a minor but his knowledge of the Supernatural was frightening. From demons to ghouls to vampires, according to any classmate that had been asked. All Dumbledore knew for certain was that nothing he said could change Snape's opinion and that he'd been warned to not try the same, both by Severus and the Sorting Hat. "Quirell's possessed." Potter said nonchalantly as he chewed on one of the candies Dumbledore had offered the boy. Dumbledore froze. "That is a serious accusation, Mr. Potter. What evidence do you have?" "I put salt around the room and the bastard couldn't get out." Potter casually admitted. Yes, Harry Potter truly was a headache to deal with. Dobby, unfortunately, startled Harry. You don't take a hunter by surprise, especially not when you don't exactly look human. Had Harry known the elf, he might have regretted what he did. As he did not, knocking Dobby out cold, tying him to a chair, and waiting patiently for the elf to wake up didn't bother him one bit. The terrified look, however, did, and Harry relented and let the elf go. When the barrier refused to let him pass, Harry cursed up a storm causing several people around him to blush. Harry Potter never befriended Ronald Weasley. As such, he never met Ginny Weasley. He was never friends with Hermione Granger. Harry didn't have any friends, not really. He was an old man in a child's body so making friends just didn't compute. He saw them all as children. As such, he was sort of a big brother figure in Ravenclaws, even to the older students. Reliable most of the time and known to smack sense into people when they annoyed him. These facts lead him to smacking a perfect upside the head before helping Luna Lovegood find her things. "You're different." Luna commented. "Oh?" "Your aura is old. Almost like one of the teachers." And with that, the odd girl skipped away, ignoring the look on Harry's face. Still, Harry grew to like Luna. He figured she was psychic and mixed with magic it made her unusual. This didn't go unnoticed by Ginny, whom Harry had never met as he didn't know her brother. As such, Luna was the first student to be petrified. To say Harry was furious was like saying Hell was hot. The creepy spirit boy was writing his name in the air. Harry didn't bother listening. Instead, he began to chant. Riddle blinked and turned. What on Earth was that brat- as Riddle was only half a soul, or half of a soul that was connected to an object while still connected to the original since souls can't be split in the Supernatural universe, Harry didn't finish before the spirit screamed and was banished. Dementors , Harry shuddered, are the worst . He'd met a lot of twisted shit, ranging from Crowley to Shritiga, but he had to admit, Dementor's were one twisted piece of work. However, anything living could be killed. Dementor's also seemed to feed of souls so potentially an anti possession tattoo would ward them off. It kept souls from invading the body, after all, so it might keep the soul from getting pulled out too, thus negating the Dementor's effect. If all else failed, salt rock couldn't hurt, right? Someone had shoved him. Harry wasn't sure who and he frankly didn't care. Not when the boggart twisted into Sam, one of his boys, his face twisted cruelty and his eyes glowing blue. Lucifer. The part of Harry that was Bobby screamed in rage at the sight of the person that had harmed his boys so much. Instead of terror, he felt anger. Bobby lifted his wand and- And was blasted backwards, along with half the class, as Lucifer-boggart swiped his hand as if batting away a fly. Then, a hand wrapped around his throat and he was lifted in the air. Soft eyes- Sam's eyes- met his. "I'm so going to enjoy this. How do you think he'll feel when he wakes and realizes he's killed you, I wonder? He can see, you know. Scream for him." Then the boggart was blasted away and the Professor was standing in front of Harry. Harry gasped and fell to his knees as the boggart shifted into a glowing orb that quickly shifted into a balloon that spun around the room. Harry stood slowly, every part of him shaking, as the teacher turned to look at him. "Are you alright, Mr. Potter?" Professor Lupin asked. Harry didn't respond. Instead, he spun around and left. "Class dismissed!" Remus picked up the papers on his desk and flipped through them before he noticed a student still in the room. "Yes, Mr. Potter?" Harry was standing in the middle of the room with a peculiar expression on his face. Remus was about to tell Harry he needed to leave to get to his next class when the boy spoke and he froze. It was just one word, but it made his blood curdle. "Werewolf." Remus said nothing. The look on his face said it all. "You know, I use to think all monster's were evil. If it ain't human, it should die." Remus paled rapidly. Those words coming from James' son just didn't… How on Earth? "Then, I realized monster ain't really 'bout species. It's a choice. You don't harm people, so you aren't a monster, no matter what any dumbass tells yah. Remember that, Professor Lupin." With those words, Harry turned his back to him and walked out, leaving Remus Lupin with some serious thoughts. Harry Potter never befriended Ronald Weasley. After he spent an hour screaming at the Ginny Weasley last year for writing in a cursed object, Ron outright hated Harry. The feeling was hardly mutual. Harry couldn't bring himself to hate a child if he tried, although Malfoy needed one hell of a spanking. Which is why Harry Potter wasn't present when Peter Pettigrew was captured. Since Harry wasn't there, Peter died right then and there. Snape arrived and didn't bother listening to reason. Lily was dead because of Black, end of story. It was for that reason that Sirius Black and Remus Lupin ended up fleeing, both becoming wanted criminals as the Ministry had the body of Pettigrew tossed through the veil. Wouldn't do to have a scandal like this, after all. A fourth slip of paper popped out of the cup. Dumbledore blinked and took it in his hand. "How peculiar. It's blank." And so it was that Harry Potter avoided that thrice damned tournament due to Barty Crouch not realizing he was dealing with a reincarnated individual. Chapter 3 : Bobby Singer, Part 2 Summary: Conclusion of Harry's school years during the Bobby Singer arc. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Chapter 3 Bobby Singer, Supernatural, Part 2 Barty Crouch was beside himself with rage as he paced back and forth in his(Moody's) office. How in the nine hells had the Potter brat gotten out of the tournament? He'd been sure the plan would be foolproof! It should have been foolproof! Signing a piece of paper, or worse, taking the boy's name from one of his assignments and tossing it into the cup would have been asinine. The Triwizard cup was an ancient magical artifact. Something so simple would never work to fool the cup. Besides that, entering him like that would list Potter under Hogwarts and the whole point was to guarantee the brat was forced in the tournament. The only way to do that was for him to be listed under a fourth school. No easy feat, to be assured. So, Crouch had done one better. He'd gone to the old Potter house, found an old child's toy lying about, and copied the magical signature onto a piece of paper. Then, he'd tossed that into the cup after confunding the cup into believing there was a fourth school entering this year. The only possible way his plan could have failed was if- if… Crouch froze. No. Had Harry Potter truly survived? Was this child a fake, an elaborate ruse constructed by Dumbledore? Had the real Potter died thirteen years ago? Crouch took out a parchment and began to list ideas. Magical signatures didn't just change all of a sudden, after all. 1. The real Harry Potter was dead and they were dealing with a decoy. 2. Some of the dark lord's magical power gotten mixed with Potter's and changed his magical signature. 3. Potter had performed the controversial and somewhat illegal past-life viewing ceremony which was banned due to causing insanity in adults, never mind teenagers. 4. Dumbledore had caught on and gotten rid of the fake entry, in which case his post here was at risk. 5. Potter had a long dead twin since a long lost living one would have still caused a reaction. Crouch twitched as he looked down at the list. He didn't have enough information. He needed more data. The only reason he hadn't been Crucioed into insanity all ready by his very ticked off boss was because he was too far away for Voldemort to break. He needed to study Potter's magical signature. He needed an object Potter kept close and had kept close for at minimum several months. He also needed something that wasn't infected by his roommates magical signature. He needed… He needed… The boy's glasses or wand. Either would do. Fred and George Weasley stared at the conundrum that was Harry Potter. Or, rather, they stared at the Marauder's Map and the rather odd glitch it seemed to have recently developed. This was worse than the Pettigrew glitch that mysteriously vanished last year. How could a person have two names on the map? There it was: Harry Potter/Bobby Singer. Was the Boy Who Lived possessed? Did he get a name change? Was this like the Quirrell glitch that for some reason had Tom Riddle slashed next to it? What did it mean! The twins had mixed feeling on Potter. On the one hand, they'd pranked him once. The look they'd been given had made their mother's glare look like a clawless kitten's. Potter had also saved their sister two years ago. However, he'd also yelled at her for over an hour, thundered about what a dumbass she was, and did everything short of smacking her upside the head. They'd also caught Potter smuggling in firewhiskey which they admittedly admired him for. There was also a rumor going around that he'd drunk Professor Flitwick under the table once but no one really believed that one. (Professor Flitwick sneezed and prayed none of the rest of the staff ever learned he'd taken up a teenager on a drinking contest instead of confiscating contraband. He'd also never confess to losing, either. He had his pride as a part-Goblin, after all.) This was something that needed to be explored in detail. And so it was that both the Weasley twins and Barty Crouch Junior set off on their mission to stalk the boy who wouldn't die. Harry flicked through yet another book on reincarnation and the studies of the soul before slamming it in frustration. For some reason beyond him, any book in the library about souls either had massive censorship, entire chapters missing, or one liners that mentioned the topic wouldn't be discussed in that particular volume and to look for the next one. He reflected on what he knew. As Bobby Singer, he had grown up in the United States, became a hunter, and died at the hands of a Leviathan. After that, he'd been a ghost and eventually managed to pass on only to be sealed into Hell before Sam managed to free him. That wasn't what bothered him. No, what confused him was he following. How the fuck did he end up reincarnating into the past! The year was 1994! He'd died in 2012! Was he even on the same planet? Was this an alternate dimension? Bobby cursed Crowley, Dick, and Castiel, in that order. Bobby stood and left, unaware of his three stalkers. Percy's boss was stalking Potter/Singer. This, the twins hid behind a tapestry, waiting for him to pass. Unfortunately, Crouch not only had the body of Alastor Moody, he also had Moody's eye. "Stupefy!" The First Task involved dragons. Personally, Bobby was surprised to learn there was another species of dragon out there and wondered if they'd turn into people. Either way, he kept Luna far away. The Second Task involved merepeople and swimming. Bobby didn't even bother watching that one. Who wants to watch a lake surface for a couple of hours? The Third Task, however, was when things went to hell and how Bobby found himself attacked by Viktor Krum and found himself dragged into the maze. Bobby woke with a headache as he was unceremoniously dragged by his feet, his wand and glasses missing and rope bound around his legs. Scrunching his eyes and cursing his bad eye sight(and Crowley), he spotted Krum holding onto the other end of the rope with a dazed look in his eyes. Bobby pulled his leg back and watched in satisfaction as Krum fell back. Krum turned towards him but was too slow as Bobby tackled him to the ground and head butted him, hard. "Potter? What are you doing here?" Bobby turned around and noticed Cedric Diggory, dirty and covered in twigs and cuts, leaning against the hedge. "This little shit got himself mindraped and kidnapped me." Bobby motioned his thumb towards the knocked out Krum. "You?" Cedric blanched. "You serious?" "Do I look serious, boy?!" "... I'm older." "... Just shuddap and help me get loose! My wand's missing, my glasses are missing, and I need whiskey. Preferably scotch. Ah, never mind. Dumbass forgot to take my knife!" Bobby exclaimed as he cut the ropes. Cedric could only stare. He'd heard Harry Potter was odd but this was just… And why did he have an American accent? "Blood of the enemy, you shall revive your foe!" Bobby cursed. He'd finally found someone from his past, someone who confirmed his existence and that he wasn't crazy. Unfortunately, that person just so happened to be… "Flesh of the servant, willingly given!" Ruby gleefully exclaimed as she cut off her own hand. Why did it have to be Sam's annoying ex lover? Honestly, who falls in love with a demon? Then again, half the Supernatural fandom was either convinced Dean was either screwing Sam, screwing Castiel, or screwing both. Bobby cursed Chuck(and Crowley). Bobby didn't bother paying attention to Voldemort as he gave his monologue to his newly gathered followers. Instead, he wondered who he should gank first, Snake-face/the male Gorgon or that demonic Satan worshipping bitch that had gotten one of his boys hooked on demon blood. On that note, he needed to kick Castiel's ass too next time he saw the angel. The ropes suddenly fell off. "And now, we duel. I assume you've been taught how to du-" Really, it was a no brainier. The rune encrusted knife dug itself into Ruby's chest and she screamed as her demonic form was forced out of the body she was currently occupying. Bobby, and the Death Eaters, watched in surprise while Bobby cursed the knife. It was suppose to kill demons, not expel them, dammit! He didn't get a chance to reflect more as a Killing Curse struck him and the world turned black. Bobby blinked. He was back in his old body! He was old and his bones creaked and- shit, why did he want this body back again? And why was he in a white train station? How did they keep this place so clean? How- "Well, isn't this just fascinating." Bobby froze. He knew that voice. Slowly, he turned, and there he was. Death himself gave Bobby a look as he leaned on his cane. "Where am I?" "A crossroads. You can either choose to die and pass on again or you can go back. Or, you can enter the reincarnation cycle again." Death offered as he began to circle Bobby, making spiders crawl up his back. "Your pick, Bobby Singer. Although, I'm surprised you remember anything at all. You shouldn't look like that." Death commented, motioning towards Bobby's aged figure. "Why do I look like this? And why the hell can I remember my past life? Screw that, how am I in the past!" "Overpopulation. You humans reproduce like a virus since I was sealed away. As such, to make up for it, when people get reincarnated the souls can end up in the past. As long as two people sharing the same soul don't meet, there isn't a problem. Be glad you got reincarnated as a human." Death explained casually as if talking about the weather. "... And if I do come across my other self?" "I'll be forced to erase you. Permanently. Normally, that wouldn't be the case, but, since you somehow recall everything… It would be a mess that I simply can't be bothered to clean up. Those Winchester's are already enough of a nightmare." Death then looked away from him, his eyes fixed on the ground. Bobby turned and paled as he noticed the… Thing on the ground. "The hell is that?" "That is what happens when you stretch the soul and seal shards of it away. I'll make you a deal, Bobby Singer." Death began and Bobby was instantly wary. The last deal he made was with Crowley and that didn't exactly turn out okay. Death stared Bobby right in the eyes. "You hunt down these so called soul shards and I'll ignore the fact that your soul is capable of remembering a past existence and I won't just delete you like I do most others like you. Understood? Good. Begone." Bobby didn't get a chance to curse the bastard before he suddenly found himself in an empty graveyard next to Ruby's vessel and his knife missing. The Dementor howled and burst into flames after Bobby stabbed it with a blood covered stake. Who knew that yew tree covered in ghoul blood would work such wonders? Experiment success! Bobby smirked before turning to the other Dementor that had pinned his fatass of a cousin. The anti-possession charm did, in fact, ward Dementor's off. With that, he stabbed the Dementor in the back and watched as it too died in a fiery flame. And that was how Bobby Singer converted Dudley Dursley into a hunter. "Quickly, inside!" "Yeah, yeah, don't get your panties in a twist!" Bobby snapped as he made his way into Number 12, Moody grumbling behind him. Then, Tonks just had to trip up the troll stand. The curtains opened and- "FILTH, HALF BREEDS, UNWORTHY OF THIS HOLY HOUSE! BESEECHING THE HONOR OF PUREBLOODS IN THIS ANCIENT AND NOBLE HOUSE! FILTHY MUDBOODS!" "Shut the hell up, you old twisted hag! Balls, I get the concept of not wanting to move on but terrorizing the living is another thing! Screw off and go back to hell you underworld reject!" "HOW DARE YOU! WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?! I AM WALBURGA-" "I don't give a stinkin' shit about your pedigree! The hell are you, a prized bitch at a dog sale?" "FILTHY HALFBREED, BEGONE FROM THIS ANCIENT AND NOBLE HOUSE! DIRTYING THE LAND OF MY ANCESTORS WITH YOUR VERY PRESENCE! I-!" "Fuck it. Exorcizamus te, Omnis immundus spiritus, omnis satanica.." "What- what are you chanting? What is this magic!" Bobby smirked as the woman in the painting slowly loosed color and the painting became just that- a painting. Then, ignoring the incredulous and slightly feared looks he was getting, sauntered off. "So, I'm your godfather and my name is-" "Don't care." Bobby interrupted with a glare. This man reminded him of John at his worst, drowned in his need for revenge and ignoring his children. There was a reason those boys viewed him as a better father figure than they did John. Still, the look in those eyes… Bobby was going to regret this as he motioned the man inside. Sirius made his way into the room, a dark feeling in the pit of his stomach. This was not going well, not that he expected it too. He'd chosen revenge over his godson, after all. It had felt great at the time and Sirius knew that if events repeated themselves he'd kill Peter all over again. "Sit." Bobby motioned to a chair before sitting on the bed himself. Then, against his better judgement, Bobby revealed things that left Sirius stunned. Perhaps it was what was left of Harry Potter that prompted him to do so. Who knows. All Bobby knew was that he trusted this mad. So he told him everything. How he remembered his past life and had suspicions as to how and the ultimatum that had been imposed upon him. How he wasn't really a teenager but was instead in his fifties, mentally, and how he'd found himself in the body of the child. More importantly, how he didn't need Sirius at all because he wasn't a boy or a teenager but a man. Without saying anything, Sirius stood and left. "You have been told a certain Dark Wizard is back. This is a lie. This-" "And yer point?" Bobby was, simply, tired of this bullshit. "I'm sorry? For a moment there, how silly of me, it sounded like you were questioning the Ministry!" Umbridge giggled. "I am you bint." Bobby didn't even bat an eyelash as the class gasped. Umbridge herself looked stunned at such blatant disrespect. "Who cares whether Voldemort is back or not? This is a Defense class, where we learn how to defend ourselves against whatever the hell's out there." Umbridge giggled again. "And who would want to hurt such sweet innocent children?" "Want a list?" Bobby asked as he pulled a literal list from his bag. Needless to say, he got a month's worth of detention. Now, there is an important change that had yet to be said outright that needs to be addressed. Voldemort struck Barry Potter with a Killing Curse a second time in the graveyard where Cedric Diggory gave his last breath. As such, the horcux in his scar died. And so it was that Voldemort did not lead Harry into a trap through a nonexistent mental bond. Voldemort growled as he stared down at the report Crouch had given him. After studying both the enchanted map, Potter's glasses and wand, a conclusion had been reached. Potter had actual performed a past life viewing ceremony. Voldemort immediately had all his contacts look into a Bobby Singer to discover what new strengths his foe possessed. Unfortunately, he didn't bother checking Muggle records. Bah. Who'd check those? The Butterfly Effect is something that can be very dangerous. In this case, it was. While Bobby Singer had all of Ravenclaws to back him and scattered believers in the other houses, Voldemort refused to make blatant moves. Or, at least, moves the Ministry fucking acknowledged. Balls, Voldemort had destroyed Azkaban! Ministry response? Sirius Black. Amelia Bones, dead. Sirius Black. Missing muggles? Sirius Black. Sirius, Sirius, Sirius! Screw this. Bobby needed an old fashion hunter-style assassination. Wizards were useless. He needed muggles. Bobby glared down at the locket before tossing it into a box and burying it at a crossroads. Patiently, he waited. "You called?" Balls. Bobby turned and glared at a smirking Crowley. Of all the crossroad demons, why him ? "There's a soul shard in there." Bobby pointed towards the buried box. "Duly noted, boy. However, we don't accept transactions wagering someone else's soul. Bad for business, you see." Crowley explained Bobby snorted. "Tell that to Death." Crowley froze. "Explain." "Death wants this freak taken care of. Apparently, he's offended." "Death has been sealed for decades. Since the end of the World War." Crowley countered. "Then we don't want him waking, do we? You can track the rest of the shards, correct? I'll take the main one down, you take the small ones down, and Death stays sleeping." Bobby negotiated. Crowley stared. Then, he laughed. He kept on laughing events Bobby gave him a look that said he was seriously reconsidering this. "Well played. Deal." The kiss made Bobby's skin crawl and he responded by trying to knife the son of a bitch. Voldemort marched on Hogwarts, his army trailing behind him. That eternal pain in his ass had somehow discovered his horcruxes and destroyed them all. This was the end. No more! He would strike down Harry Potter, he would end this farce, he would-! Bang! The Death Eaters screamed as their leader was suddenly without a head. Soon, they to began to drop like flies. The wonders of muggle weaponry. For years, Bobby waited patiently. Death's threat still hung over him and he didn't want to know what would happen if he encountered his other self. Finally, in the year 2015, he made his way back to the United States with Luna, Remus and Sirius in toe, leaving chaos behind him. Hunters learning of a population of mind altering magic users hadn't exactly gone over very well, but that's a story for another day. He had a pair of boys to find, after all. Notes: To my awesome readers and those that have left me comments, thanks! And, second, this is a cross post from fanfiction . net. I'll try to keep them updated at the same pace, but they will show up there first. In fact, there's one extra on fanfiction right now. Same username on there and on here if you want to find me. Adios! Thanks for reading :) Chapter 4 : Han Solo, Part 1 Summary: Harry Potter reborn as Han Solo. Need I say more? Published: February 16th, 2016 Warning: SPOILERS for the Expanded Universe and Episode 7! On that note, why did they name Han and Leia's kid Ben? EU fans will know why this annoys me. Bah. A/N: I do not like Fudge. Downright hate him. Normally, I avoid writing too much about characters I can't stand to avoid bashing them. On the other hand, can someone like Fudge really be bashed and be out of character? Either way, bashing him makes more sense than the ever prevalent Ginny, Ron, and Molly bashing. I shan't speak of Dumbledore bashing as that one makes sense if you really think about it and the other three were born out of pissed off Harmony shippers annoyed at canon. On another note, anyone caught up on Fairy Tail? Acnologia is just… It's like Fairy Tail has its own Madara now, except Acnologia is so much more badass and less annoying. Anyways, on with the story! Chapter 4 Han Solo, Star Wars, Part 1 Harry Potter had just turned thirteen when he died. The way he died wasn't typical, and, depending on who you ask, it wasn't dying at all. Harry himself would like to differ to that particular statement. After all, the person he had been had died and he'd been reborn as someone else with new memories crushing down onto his mind. His death wasn't a thing of grand or wonder. His body survived perfectly intact even if everything else had suddenly changed in one single pivotal moment. Harry Potter died the moment a Dementor nearly tore out his sole and was he reborn as Han Solo. He would of died, period, if Remus Lupin hadn't warded the Dementor off. It was in that moment that memories of two lives mixed themselves into a young Harry's mind. Leia. Chewy. Luke. Lando. Jacen. Jaina. Anakin. Ben. The… Other Ben. Ren, his mind supplied. Finn. Rey. Needless to say, he passed out then and there. Minister Fudge was panicking. Dementors had attacked the Hogwarts Express! Dementors he had set on the train to search for Sirius Black! Worse, one of them had nearly kissed the Boy Who lived! "This is an outrage! A scandal! I don't know what to do, Lucius! The public outcry!" Fudge cried as he paced up and down his office frantically. Sitting across from him was were his two top advisors, Lucius Malfoy and Dolores Umbridge. Umbridge sipped at her tea. "Doesn't Potter have a history of wild claims? Fighting magical creatures on school grounds?" Umbridge chimed. Fudge turned to her. "What are you suggesting, Dolores?" Lucius tutted and a smirk fell from his lips. Leaning forward on his cane, the Malfoy scion spoke. "It's very simple, Minister. Just like the basilisk and the troll, the Dementor didn't come to Potter. Obviously, considering his… History with magical creatures, he went to it , resulting in the current situation." Let it be said that Cornelius Fudge was never a good man. Tossing a thirteen year old to the dogs to save himself? Painting a child out to be a danger seeking suicidal brat who was going to end up getting himself killed? Covering up a rather glaring security risk in order to save his own ass? Instead of these facts leaving Fudge horrified, as any decent human being would be, he felt himself relax and gave a relieved sigh. A week. Han slept for a week. Honestly. It felt like he'd chugged five bottle of Tarisian Ale mixed with several shots of Corellian Brandy and maybe even a Hutt Killer tossed in for the hell of it. Never. Drinking. Ever. Again. It took a week for two separate lifetimes to merge with the mind of Harry Potter. In both, he'd grown old and died. Han wasn't sure which he preferred since both had their tragedies. What was worse, losing a son, losing Chewie, and having his daughter kill her twin who'd been twisted by the darkside until he was a mockery of himself, or the life where he'd separated from Leia and Luke, failed to stop his child's descent into darkness which ultimately ended with his own kid skewering him and tossing him to his death? For seven days, no student had dared come near the Infirmary. News of Potter challenging a Dementor had already spread and no one wanted to be near him to catch the crazy. The fact that it resulted in him screaming in his sleep for hours on end didn't help matters either. Well, almost no student. The Weasley's and Harry's dorm mates, all of them, were exceptions. Ernie Macamillion and Justin Flint-Fletchy were also frequent visitors. Ultimately, it had been Harry , not the staff or the Ministry or the higher ups that were suppose to keep them safe, that had stopped the attacks last year. Say what you will about Hufflepuffs, but the Hufflepuffs were nothing if not loyal, something the rest of the House was quick to be reminded of by a very furious Cedric Diggory when he'd heard rumors spread about how Harry was a suicidal brat who'd let his status get to his head and thought he was invincible. Ginny clung to the twins as Harry have another shout and turned in his sleep, his back arching. Madam Pomfrey looked on with sadness. "Isn't there anything you can do?" Hermione asked desperately. Seeing Harry like this… It broke her heart, really. The fact that this could have been any of them and the Ministry still insisted not only on blaming Harry but keeping the Dementors had shattered Hermione's once strong faith in authority. Madam Pomfrey shook her head. "I've already given him a calming draught. Dementor's are known to give mental damage to those that they get close to kissing, which makes helping someone afflicted like that difficult. Entering his mind would be… Ill advised." She glanced at the next bed over. Severus had volunteered. Hate Potter as he might, seeing Lily's child in all that pain drove a stake through his heart. "Will he be… Is he going to…" Ron couldn't bring himself to say it. "There is precedent. Because he's so young, the likelihood of him coming out unscathed is actually lowered. On the other hand… He'll be… Different." Madam Pomfrey tried to state delicately. Seamus's head snapped up. "What do you mean, different! The hell's wrong with him!" Madam Pomfrey sighed. She'd put off telling Potter's friends because she believed it would be better if it was his choice to reveal private details, but a week had passed and she had come to the conclusion he'd need support once he snapped out of the trance he'd fallen into. "Leia! Don't- no- Ben- Jacen- Ben- Ren- Mara!" Potter babbled names. He'd done that a fair number of times. "Dementor's attack the soul. Now, this is just a theory, but it is believed that on rare occasion, when a Dementor attempts a kiss but fails, the soul defends itself by recalling… A past existence." Pomfrey explained as she sat down. The others froze before their gazes all turned back to the withering boy who's quieted down to whimpers. "He's," "Remembering," "A past," "Life." "Will he even be," "Harry at the end of-" "Stop it! Ginny screeched and smacked her brothers before leaping up, glaring at them with unending fury. "Harry is Harry! Even if he's remembering another life, that doesn't change the person he is! It just means… Well, it just means there's more to him than there was before, but he's still Harry!" "Kriff, Leia! Sweetheart, I love you, but could you tone it down? Trying to sleep here! So, unless the Yuuzhan Vong have gone apeshit again, quiet!" Slowly, every head turned towards the sleeping teenager who muttered a little more before hitting his pillow into shape and snoring away. "I think that theory just got proven." Ron stated with a look towards Madam Pomfrey. The remark got him a smack from Hermione. Han slowly blinked himself awake. With a yawn, he stretched his arms before running his eyes, glancing around the room. He blinked once. He blinked twice. Then, with a groan, he fell back in annoyance. "I swear, Ben, if this is another of your pranks, young man, you're grounded- the hell, when'd I get so fraking small!" Silence. "I don't think he remembers us." Dean spoke weakly. Harry's head snapped up with a glare. Dean flinched back at the intense gaze he was suddenly subjected to. "Where am I? Who are you people? Why have I… Shrunk? This isn't some creepy Sith Alchemy, is it? 'Cause I'm done with that crap after Onderon." Then, Harry shuddered for no conceivable reason. This was bad. This was very bad. It took them hours to explain everything to Harry. Halfway through, Ginny ran out the room in tears when Harry reluctantly admired he still couldn't remember her. The twins had left after her and only the apologetic look on Harry's face kept them from cursing him. "So, let me get this straight. I died." Nod. "And now, I've been reincarnated." Nod. "I attend a school for witches and wizards, and I remember my old life because the forbidden love child of a Mynock and a Ysalamir tried to suck out my soul." There was definitely skepticism in that one. Nod. "One problem with that." Han stated. The others fidgeted. Convincing Han, as Harry demanded to be called, was rather difficult. He seemed convinced at first that he'd been captured by something called a Sith and that this was all a cleverly conjured mental illusion. Their bafflement at the concept of science had changed that belief. Even space wizards believed in science and these weren't space wizards. "How come I remember two lives?" Pomfrey choked. "Come again?" "I remember two lives. They start out the same, stay the same for decades, then split midway through. Seriously, the only similarity is that I have kids with the same woman and my son goes apeshit following his grandfather's legacy." Han explained. At this, Pomfrey was at a lose. Reincarnation was one thing, but what Potter was mentioning were alternate realities, creating by a diverting point. That in itself wasn't significant. Wizards knew about these alternate realities. That was nothing new. Accessing them was out of the question, but their existence was known. Remembering living through two lives that diverged and thus made alternate realities, however, had never happened before. So, of course, it happened to Harry Potter. Meanwhile, Dumbledore frowned from his spot, invisible for all to see. This changed everything. All his plans. All his machinations and manipulations meant nothing in the face of this newly altered Harry Potter. No matter. He'd adjust. War is a constant struggle. Those who can't adapt die. And Dumbledore? He was a soldier, through and through. It took Han months to adjust. It took him around a month after getting released from the Hospital Wing for all his memories as Harry had returned, and boy, was he pissed You do not treat a child like that! Hell, I'd of been better of raised by Gamorreans! Han had tried to avoid people after leaving the Hospital Wing. Key word being tried . Instead, he always had at least one person following him, and don't get him started on the way the students looked at him and whispered behind his back. If it wasn't one of his dorm mates, it was a Hufflepuff, as nearly the entire party had united behind him for some inconceivable reason. Elsewhere, Cedric Diggory sneezed. Fudge was dead. So, so dead. Seriously, it was like dealing with a Tarkin he wasn't allowed to blow up. Okay, so it was Luke who'd actually blown up the Death Star(along with Tarkin), but still! Han had helped, hadn't he? Suddenly, their path was blocked. Han groaned. Not this kid again. This was worse than Greedo. Draco Malfoy smirked. "Going to go attack another Dementor, Potter?" The rest of the students just watched on. Holy Sith, you'd think they'd tire of the same thing happening over and over again. "Go away, Malfoy. We don't want to deal with-" "But out, Weasel. Grown ups are speaking now. Or can Potter not speak for himself?" A red blast shot past Malfoy's ear, causing him to freeze. He flinched and his hand rose to cup his slightly singed cheek. Harry Potter stood before him, lazily pointing his wand at him before lowering it. He hadn't spoken a word. Just lifted, pointed, and cast. "I normally don't hurt kids. You, however, are asking for a spanking, young man. Did your parents never teach you that bullying is wrong? That bothering another classmate is something you aren't suppose to do? Well? Yes? No? Were you raised Mandalorians, 'cause you keep trying to pick a fight. Trust me. You'll lose." Malfoy refused to speak. Hastily, he drew his wand. He never saw the stunner that hit him. And so began the famous Battle of the Second Corridor. There were many casualties, wounds, and knocked out teenagers. Harry Potter also just so happened to receive detention for a month. Han missed home. He missed Leia and he missed his… Four children. He missed Chewie and he missed Luke. He wondered how Rey was doing. Was she alright? Had she survived? Had Ren killed her too? These people were different. They acted different. They spoke differently. They treated him differently. They tried to make him feel at home, but, it was just… How could any of them possibly understand? Unknown to Han, one other person in the school had been affected by soul magic and being near someone who'd remembered past lives had caused a change that would otherwise have never occurred. Ginny Weasley tossed and turned in her sleep, old memories awakening. "Expecto Patronum!" Han shouted out for what felt like the uptienth time. Since getting out of the Hospital Wing, he'd gone straight to the new Defense teacher. No way in hell would he ever be vulnerable to Dementors ever again. "Happy thought, Harry. Happiest you can think of." Remus instructed. Han stopped. "Happy, huh." He muttered to himself. Happy. Happy. Hm. The award ceremony after blowing up the Death Star hadn't worked. Killing Palpatine in what he dubbed the legend portion of his memories where he'd stayed with Leia hadn't worked. Thinking of his kids would remind him of his failure as a father not once, but in two life times. Thinking of his wife would remind him of how he'd separated from her in what he called the Disney verse. Happy thought… Happy… Wait. Duh. The one person who'd always stuck by him and that he'd never failed, because as much as he loved Leia, he'd failed her and thinking of her in a world where he couldn't be with her was too painful. His best friend, then, was the next best option. "Expecto Patronum!" Somehow, Chewie being his Patronus wasn't all that shocking at all. Mara Jade Skywalker had lived a hard life. It had its up and downs and ultimately had been the life of a warrior. She'd been an assassin, had sworn her allegiance a Dark Lord, had tried to kill the man she would later love and marry, and had fought for so long. She'd been a mother and an aunt and it had been wonderful. But, the darkside… The darkside was insidious. It was a cancer, a living thing, a mutation and a twisted version of the Force that infected and turned those it had consumed into complete monsters. How else do you explain the nephew she'd loved and held as a child, who'd cried out for his Aunt Mara, who'd held her child with a look of wonder and love at his new cousin, how do you explain someone like that cutting her down while using the Force to make himself look like her son just to get a good slash in? Yes, the darkside was a twisted thing. Anyone stupid enough to use it would likely wake covered in the blood of people they claimed to love. Ginny Weasley's eyes snapped open. Han. Han was here. More importantly, she knew who he was. She remembered who she had been. She had to find him, now. So, without hesitation, she sped to find the twins. That nifty little map of theirs would be the quickest way to find Harry- no, Han. She had to find Han and tell him that he was not alone. She was here. And, if her senses were right, so where Leia and Luke, even if they hadn't remembered anything yet. Fett was around too but he could stay sleeping as far as Mara was concerned. Chapter 5 : Han Solo Part 2 Summary: Han Solo thought he was alone in his new life. As it would be, that wasn't true in the slightest as others begin to awake around him just like he did. A/N: So, more Fudge bashing. I take it to extremes here. I actually don't think there's anyone else who's written a Fudge as stupid as mine. If so, I'd like to know so I can like their stories. Ron has a freak out. I'm not trying to bash him. I actually like him. However, he's way overdue for a freak out and it happens this chapter. On the bright side, he gets better. Warnings: MAJOR SPOILERS! There are spoilers for both the Star Wars EU and Episode VII. You've been warned. Chapter 4 Han Solo, Part 2 While Mara was busy trying to track her new twin brothers in this world, Han was otherwise occupied. And, by otherwise occupied, he was currently engaged in a vicious duel with both his Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher and Sirius Black simultaneously. "Harry, listen to us!" Black pleaded. "Stop attacking and let's talk this out!" "The time for talking ended when you nearly shattered Ron's leg, traitor." That wince was interesting. Huh. So they both felt guilty. Han narrowed his eyes at that. Something wasn't adding up. With that in mind, Han decided to switch to stun mode. The moment Han Solo's collective memories had awakened within Harry, several things had happened. For one, Harry Potter died. For another, Ginny Weasley began to remember her own past life, or, at the very least, the one that had interacted with Han. Hey, souls are recyclable. You could literally have been anyone in a past life, after all. A third, more important thing that occurred the moment Han awakened, however, was a change in Harry's magical affinity. For, you see, Wizards have affinities for their magic. Voldemort, for example, had a high affinity for Necromatic arts. His skill with the Killing Curse was downright horrifying, allowing him to fire it continuously at the age of 16 where most adult wizards collapsed after two. It was how he broke Dementors to his will and forced them to submit to him, what gave him the strength to bind others to him through the dark marks, and what allowed him to raise hundreds of Inferi without batting an eyelash at an effort that would leave most dead from sheer exhaustion. This, on top of his already high magical power, was what had made Voldemort far more feared than Grindelwald ever could have hoped to achieve. Another example would be Lockhart. Incompetent in all but memory charms. Yet, where his affinity shined, he was unparalleled in his own field. While a bit of mind probing would find the correct answers, even if it left the victim with their minds in ruins, an Obliviation from someone like Lockhart was irreversible, no ifs, ands, or buts. Harry's affinity, before, had been defensive magic. His skill with defensive magic at such a young age made him a prodigy, whereas everywhere else Harry could be considered average. It was for this reason that, in another life, Harry Potter did not defeat Voldemort through aggression and violence, but through pure defensive magic that twisted his opponents own offense against himself. Han, however… Han Solo was a soldier, a smuggler, and a fighter. There hadn't been a moment of his life where he hadn't fought, not as a child, not as man, not when he's been a stormtrooper, not when he'd defected for Chewie, or when he'd been a smuggler, or the years after the Galactic Civil war, which he'd lived through twice. Thought it all, Han had fought with one thing rather consistently. Blasters. So, when he'd been reborn as Harry Potter, the defensive magical affinity shifted to energy. More specifically, the energy that came from blasters. Pure plasma blasts, designed to either incapacitate, burn, or outright kill. Han could fire them with merely a thought from the tip of his wand, burning all in his path. Gun fights and wand fights, really, weren't so different. Which is why Remus had walked into the room to find Sirius dodging for his life and holes all over the room. "The rat! It was the rat!" Han actually paused at that to give Sirius a look. "You been hitting the spice lately? Not a healthy habi- Sithspit!" Han cried as his wand was knocked from his hand by an Expelliarmus. Next thing he knew, ropes had shot out and enveloped him, dropping him straight to the floor. Hermione let out a scream before Ron pushed her behind him, standing defensively before her while glowering at Sirius and Remus. The look was running by the fact that he literally couldn't stand up straight. "Enough! Ron, hand over the rat and we can sort this all out-" Remus began, already in teacher mode. "Werewolf!" Hermione shouted. The rest froze. "He's a werewolf! I covered for you! I didn't say anything, I kept silent, and you… You were helping Black the entire time!" Remus closed his eyes for a moment as he staggered back. It seemed his curse would always follow him. That was to be expected. Still, it wa sneaky to just get this over with and- "He wasn't with Black from the beginning." Han rolled his eyes while giving Hermione a look. "Otherwise, he'd of taken me out during all those lessons he gave me. Or, hell, he could have ignored me and let me become a Dementor chew toy." Han continued. Hermione blanched for a second before a look of consideration came on her face. "Then why are you doing this?" She gave a suspicious look to the Professor. He was an authoritatively figure, after all. As far as Hermione was concerned, that meant he wasn't trustworthy. How little things like the Minister of Magic being an ungodly prick can change your perspective on thing. "I-" Remus began. "Doesn't matter! He's a werewolf! Get away from Harry, werewolf!" Ron snapped. Normally, Han would glare and Hermione would smack Ron for such a comment. Unfortunately, at the moment, Remus hadn't really painted the best picture for himself, not with him leaving Harry tied up on the floor and with him standing right beside the supposed mass murderer. The hug with Black earlier definitely hadn't helped. Peter squirmed. For a second, he thought Potter might actually win. Then, of course, Remus had to show up and ruined everything. He needed to get out of here. He needed to run away, now! Ron hissed as Scabbers bit his finger, hard. Yelping, he dropped the rat while giving his pet a reproachful look. So not the time. "Get the rat!" Black shouted. Scabbers scurried off as Remus shot a spell right at it. As he did so, Snape burst in dramatically… Only to have a very alive and very filthy Peter Pettigrew crash into him. Snape froze as his dark eyes locked with the man above him. It took merely seconds for his genius mind to work out the reality and, once it sunk in, pure instinctual magic flung Pettigrew back and pinned him to a wall. Han's jaw dropped. That… That looked like a force blast. Snape snarled as he rose up, his hand curling in a fist. Pettigrew gasped as his breath drew short. He was… He was being choked. Was this death? This is how he would die, pinned to a wall as a pair of dark eyes locked on his own, his life chocked out of him by a furious fellow Death Eater? "I find your lack of loyalty… Displeasing. Die, filth." Snape growled. "Stop!" Han shouted. He was ignored. "We need him alive!" Still ignored. Sithspit. He needed to get loose. Son of a kriff! And what were those two doing, just staring at Snape? Move, dammit! "Stop it! Let him go!" Hermione shouted. Her voice, unlike Harry's, actually reached Snape in his haze. Pettigrew flopped to the ground, eyes rolling into the back of his head as he fell into unconsciousness from loss of air. "Thank you! Now, would someone please untie me?" Han broke the silence. "He… He slept in my bed!" Ron shuddered. All the adults, including Han even though he was currently in a teenage body, froze before their gazes turned to the knocked out animagus. "... Are you sure I can't just kill him?" Snape asked. "I'm sure." Ron, Hermione, and Snape could only stare as Harry- no, Han. His name was Han now. They could only stare as Han cursed in several different languages, not a single word of which they understood. "Son of a kriffing Sith Spawn! The Hutt loving piece of shit!" Han thundered as he paced up and down the infirmary. Cornelius Fudge had once more proved he existed solely to cover his own ass. Instead of arresting Pettigrew on the spot, the fucker had the audacity to claim that Sirius' 'murder attempt' 12 years ago had instead shattered a time turner Pettigrew had on him, forcing him into the future where it became a contest of who would get to Harry first, Black to kill him or Pettigrew to save him. . . "I'm gonna feed that son of a shutta to a goddamn rancor! And when the rancor spits him out because of the shitty taste, I'll toss him into the bloody sarlacc! If that doesn't work, I'll get the Sun Crusher out! Let's see that little kriffin'-" the rest was incomprehensible. Han had switched to some other language they could no longer understand. "Language, Flyboy. There are kiddies present." "Mara, shut the kriff up! I'm a grown ass man, I can speak however the hell I want! And only my wife is allowed to call me fly-" Han paused. Slowly, he turned his head towards a smirking Ginny Weasley, arms crossed and a mischievous look in her eyes. "You aren't the only one who remembered, Kessel Run." Mara couldn't help but take a jab. Han deadpanned. "Okay, so I messed up with the math, shesh! Let it go already, crap, you're worse than Jaina when she wanted to start dating." Han shuddered. No father should ever have to experience their daughter wanting to start dating. Then, reality caught up to him… And that's how Han Solo found himself embracing Mara Jade like a lifeline. As fate would have it, she didn't kill on the spot. Lucky him. "What the bloody hell is going on!" Mara lightly pushed on Han's shoulder. Red eyed, Han let Mara force him to sit on one of the beds before she turned to look at Ron. Then, she gave him one long look before she snorted loudly. She looked away for a second before looking back up. A second passed before another laugh escaped Ginny's lips even as she brought her hand to her mouth in a futile effort to stop it. Ron scowled. "What's wrong? Something on my face?" Huh!" "No, not that." Mara sighed before looking Ron in the eye. "I remembered my past life." Ron froze. Ginny… Ginny… His sister... With a roar, Ron rounded on Harry. "You! This so your fault!" Han, still in shock from having found someone else who remembered, didn't see the first punch. Or the next. A third didn't land because Ron was pulled off by a frantic Ginny. "Ron! Stop it! It isn't his fault!" "Of course it is! And don't talk to me using her voice! You aren't my sister!" Ron snapped. Ginny flinched before pinning Ron down. Ron gasped as he felt her heel digging into his spine. "Of course I'm your sister, brat! And you know what else? I still remember all your weak spots!" Ron, however, just glowered. "Harry died! That isn't Harry in the bed! Acts nothing like him! You aren't Ginny either! You're just wearing her!" If it wasn't for the very real pain Mara could feel rolling off her brother, she would have slapped him. He really believed Ginny died when she'd awakened. Maybe if it had been quick, like Harry's had been, Ginny Weasley would have died. However, it had taken the entire year for Mara Jade to awaken in Ginny Weasley, which meant Ginny was still very much alive. "Ron, stop it!" Hermione shouted, tears streaming down her face. "Yeah, yeah, yeah. Shut it and wake." Mara rolled her eyes and pressed a thumb to his head. Ron gave one last glare before ironically passing out. "So… If you're Mara, and I'm obviously me, who's Ron?" Han asked. Mara smirked. "Chewie. Eats like him to, now that I think about it." Han stared at her blankly for several seconds. Then, without warning, his head hit the bed as he too passed out. He was seriously getting way too old for this shit. Ron awoke with a mind searing headache, glancing around in confusion. Trees. He'd dreamed of trees. So many trees. The last thing he remembered before that was… Was… Ginny! Ron shot out of the bed, looking around desperately, sighing in relief as he caught sight of his sleeping sister next to his bed, along with Harry and Hermione, both who were snoring away. Oddly enough, Cedric Diggory and Neville Longbottom were in the next two beds over. Ron stared long and hard at his sister before laying back down. She'd knocked him out with a touch to the head. She'd done something else, but he didn't know what. Ron was a prideful creature. He was a stubborn person. Once he made a choice, he'd usually stick to it, even if he later realized he was wrong. It was this tenacity which would have led him to yelling at Harry in another life for something beyond his control, and that same tenacity which kept him from apologizing the next day when he felt like a shitty friend. This time, however, was different. Harry's death had matured him. Okay, so Harry wasn't really dead, but he changed. He changed a lot. Han Solo was different from Harry. He loved to gamble, he swore, had a quick temper and an even sharper tongue, and he seemed to be stuck in flirt mode. He was outgoing as opposed to Harry, who hated attention. However, at the end of the day, it was still Harry . Harry, who was loyal to his friends. Harry, who wasn't the smartest guy around but would always help if he could. Harry, who loved to fly and excelled in Defense. Harry, who was his best friend. This new Ginny would take some getting used to but hey, he'd gotten used to Harry, so he supposed he'd do the same for his sister. He'd nearly lost her once. He refuse to lose her again, this time by his own stupidity. It was for that reason that Ron Weasley swallowed his pride for once in his life and decided he'd apologize and accept both Han and… Mara. That was Ginny's new name. She might not be the sister he knew, but he'd learn to love her too. What Ron didn't know was that Mara had begun his own awakening. It would be slower than hers because Chewie was not only older, but because he had two sets of memories. Obi-Wan Kenobi had failed. He'd lost his brother to the darkside and in the end had failed. He had manipulated Anakin's child and purposely tried to get the child to murder his own father. Obi-Wan had lost faith and, truth be told, at one point he'd hoped the two would strike each down. As far as Obi-Wan was concerned, Anakin died and Vader had killed him. Vader was of the darkside, a mobster that had swallowed his pupil whole. He'd feared Luke would be the same, so he had avoided him for years until the Force screaming at him to do something had become too much. So, he'd laid his trap. He'd purposely tried to break Luke, and hoped that it would fail. Just because he was frightened Luke would break didn't mean he would. In the end, Luke hadn't disappointed. Through Luke, Obi-Wan had been redeemed. Knowing Anakin was at peace, he could finally, at long last, rest. Which is why awakening in the body of Cedric Diggory left the old Jedi Master disoriented. It became even worse when he could feel Anakin, alive and well but undeniably asleep, echoing across the Force. With a groan, he turned over and fell back asleep. Obi-Wan wouldn't fully integrate for another year. He didn't wake again. Neville Longbottom turned in his sleep. Visions of ice and desert and clouds rung through his mind. He hissed as he felt his hand sever, remembered an aged withered face that terrified him more than any other, and the wrath of the Yuzhang Vong as they tore across the galaxy. More importantly, he remembered… Mara. When she'd died, Luke might as well have followed. Lost in memories not his own, Neville slept on. Han couldn't stop staring. His wife was sleeping on the couch in the Gryffindor Common Room. She'd passed out reading a book and simply slept on. His wife… He'd thought he'd lost her forever. But, her she was. Han had a second chance. He thanked whatever higher power made this possible and resolved to make his wife fall in love with him all over again. Hey, no one ever said Han Solo couldn't be a romantic. She didn't remember him yet, but she would, and he definitely had a lot to make up for. He'd abandoned her in the Disney verse, after all. With a sigh, Han broke the image of utter perfection before him as he shook her shoulder. She gave a slight groan and opened her eyes. "Come on, Princess. Let's get you to bed." With a yawn, Hermione stood and let Han lead her towards the stairs. "Harry Potter!" Dumbledore called out as a third slip of paper blew out of the cup. Well. Shit. For, you see, Pettigrew knew one very crucial fact. He knew Harry Potter was Han Solo. So, he knew a fresh magical signature would be needed. And so it was that Barty Crouch succeeded in entering Harry into the tournament once more. Han looked the Krayt Dragon in the eye. The Krayt Dragon looked at Han. Glancing up at the sky, Han swore. "Why the hell did that thing have to show up to!" Rita Skeeter had a field day when she learned Harry Potter had been seen swearing at the sky. Han sighed as he sat down next to Cedric. "Any ideas what to do about the water challenge?" In this life, Cedric had backed Harry, thus preventing the Hufflepuffs from turning on him, which was a relief. The Slytherins had been worse since Snape seemed to have become surprisingly more hostile towards Han, doing everything from rallying students against Han to everything short of outright stalking. When asked by a fellow teacher for the reason in the increased hatred grudge towards Harry, Snape's lips had thinned, his eyes had glowed briefly, and he'd growled out the word daughter. No one had yet to figure out what he meant. Under Snape, even several Gryffindor's had turned on Han like the plague. To Han's relief, Ron stayed by his side. To have Chewie, even if Chewie couldn't remember him, against him, would be heartbreaking. It seemed last year had taught the youngest Weasley brother a valuable lesson. Cedric shrugged. "The Force is clouded. Anything that helps you breath, really. And talk. To survive the task before you, I foresee a plant in your future which isn't a plant but is a plant that will kill you should you feed on it. Refuse, and you shall die in water." Han's eye twitched. Every since Mara had performed what she called 'wake up calls' on a few of the Hogwarts alumni, said few had acted oddly. Hermione could turn even more snobbish than a Slytherin Pureblood on command, Ron occasionally growled, Neville had unexpected wisdom. Cedric… Cedric tended to talk in riddles. "Forget I asked, geezer." Han snapped. Cedric blinked as Han walked away. Then, he paled. "Shite. Am I already getting white hairs? But I didn't have to raise Anakin this time!" Even Cedric himself had no idea what he'd just said. As it turned out, Han, Mara, and Chewie were not the only ones to conveniently get reincarnated into the Harry Potter universe, as the reader already knows as it has been blatantly hinted and outright said in this chapter. As it turned out, Obi-Wan, Vader, Luke, and Leia had also been caught in the sweep. Mara, however, refused to awaken Vader. Bad idea for everyone, she said. It was for this reason that Neville Longbottom found himself tied to a chair as he glared fiercely at Cedric Diggory, Hermione Granger, and Ginny Weasley. "Let me go!" Neville, also known as Luke Skywalker, cried out. Hermione, aka Leia, shook her head. "If we do that, you'll wake up Vader. You might be convinced he went light, but you didn't see him nearly strangle Pettigrew to death." Leia countered her brother's argument. Luke, in response, rolled his eyes. "Leia, I'm tempted to choke Pettigrew. And don't even bother denying that you want to do the same. Out of the two of us, you're more like dad than I am." Luke casually pointed out. Leia, however, was not listening. That argument was so old she wasn't going to bother to listen to it. "Luke," Obi-Wan KaCedric began, "Vader drowned himself in the darkside. It may be that he was sane the last moment you saw him, however, the darkside is an insidious, twisted thing. It doesn't let go of those it ensnares. If you awaken your father, well… It won't turn out well, I can tell you that." "You don't know that." Lukeville responded with a glare. "You were wrong before, and I'm sure you're wrong now. I have faith that Anakin Skywalker still lives, even if you've given up hope." Luke was like a broken record. Mara sighed, rising to full height. Giving Leia and Obi-wan a look, he pointed to the door. "Out." "What?" Obi-wan responded. "Out. Let me deal with my husband." Leia turned slightly green before forcibly dragging Obi-Wan out. Luke paled as Mara's face contorted in a vicious look he knew well. Crap. He never won an argument when she had that face on. It usually ended up hurting too. Out of seemingly thin air, a while materialized. Mara snapped it and gave Luke a look. He gulped. "So, what won't we be doing, sweetie?" Obi-Wan never learned how Mara had talked Luke out of waking Vader. The Force advised him, however, to never piss of Ginny Weasley. Cedric had felt a great disturbance in the Force, thus preventing him from grabbing the Triwizard cup. Unfortunately, Han did not fare as well as said warning literally came to Cedric as he was about to touch said cup. Which is how Han found himself tied to a tombstone and helpless to watch as the Dark Lord was reborn. Shit, this was worse than the time The Emperor had come back from the dead by using cloned bodies. "Blood of thy enemy, forcibly taken!" Pettigrew called out, slicing at Han. Han hissed and glared. "You are so kriffin' dead, Pettigrew." Pettigrew ignored the boy and smiled as his Master rose again. In another life, Pettigrew returned out of fear. In this life, once he'd achieved his Order of Merlin, he'd found his master and swore himself to the Dark Lord once more. Even Peter didn't know why he'd come back, but he had and now a year's worth of effort had finally paid off. Voldemort rose from the cauldron, pale and white and looking like the bastard child of a Fallen and a Cathar. Han didn't bother to hear out what was said. He merely waited for his time. He needed to get lose and he needed to take out as many Death Eaters as he could. Pettigrew might have warned them, so who knows. On the other hand, Cedric was aware Han had been Han-napped, so rescue was possibly on its way. So, why was it that he found himself dueling Voldemort to the death again? "Avada Kedavra!" "Shit!" Han didn't have time to think. He just retaliated with his own blasting curse and hoped they would block one another out. The two spells collided in an explosion of power. Voldemort recoiled in shock as he was blasted back. The Death Eaters who had been cheering to were knocked back. Only Han remained standing and he didn't waste time. "Accio!" Screw this shit. Luke could kill this Dark Lord too. Harry Potter had believed the Ministry would believe him. He'd believed and had faith that the Government actually existed to help you. And, it does. Just not under Cornelius Fudge. So, he didn't bother telling him a thing. He just locked eyes with Luke and gave a single nod. Unknown to all, Han's duel with Voldemort had an unforeseen effect. Voldemort was infused with Han's blood, magic, and reincarnation energy. As such, the magical blast between the two caused an awakening in several people who had been near Han after his own awakening. Darth Vader's eyes snapped open and a menacing growl escaped his lips. That filthy smuggler, defiling his daughter! Potter was so dead! And, he had to be nicer to Longbottom, poor boy. The Weasley twins groaned in their sleep, two separate lives from two different universes pouring into their minds. Jacen Solo and Ben Solo, known as Kylo Ren, had been reborn. The Patil twins shook in their beds, memories of Rey infecting one and Jaina Solo the other. Ben Skywalker's eyes snapped open and he let out a long shudder before deciding he'd stick close to Ginny Weasley. Ahsoka Tano came to a single conclusion. She was so kicking skyguy where it hurt. Bobby Fett contemplated the murder of Han Solo. That bastard had tossed him into the Sarlacc… While blind! Such an embarrassment would not go unpunished. Most important and terrifying of all, Dumbledore screamed over and over in his own private chambers, sealed away from the world until, finally, his eyes snapped open as a violent yellow and a wild cackle escaped his lips. Darth Sidious had been reborn. A/N: So... Cliffhanger! D: Hope you all enjoyed! :) Thank you to everyone who reviewed, followed, favorited, and read this story. It means a lot :) Chapter 6 : Han Solo, Part 3 A/N: Thank you all for your responses and reviews! I appreciate each one! Warnings: SPOILERS for any Star Wars media, really. I've got movies, EU, Games… Basic info; the Sith Emperor is a being that basically held the Sith together for thousands of years after they were initially believed to have died out. Also, spoilers for a few for other series as well, including Durarara, maybe a little Naruto and Fairy Tail if you squint, since I didn't make those as blatant if you don't actually know the series. Reincarnation Cheat Sheet! Harry Potter: Han Solo Hermione Granger: Leia Organa Solo Neville Longbottom: Luke Skywalker Ron Weasley: Chewbacca Ginny Weasley: Mara Jade Cedric Diggory: Obi-Wan Kenobi Luna Lovegood: Ahsoka Tano Severus Snape: Anakin Skywalker/Darth Vader Percy Weasley: Mace Windu Fred Weasley: Jacen Solo/Darth Caedus George Weasley: Ben Solo/Kylo Ren Parvati Patil: Jaina Solo Padma Patil: Rey Collin Creevey: Anakin Solo Dennis Creevey: Ben Skywalker Voldemort: Asajj Ventress Albus Dumbledore: Darth Sidious Draco Malfoy: Unknown Unknown: Boba Fett Chapter 6 Han Solo, Part 3 Albus Dumbledore stood tall and proud, his glare fiery and strong against the adversary that currently faced him. Not that it mattered much. Dumbledore tried his best to mask his fear, his terror, his loss of control as he was slowly realizing he was doomed, plain and simple. Even with all his years of experience and higher than average magical power, Dumbledore couldn't for the life of him think of a way out of this mess. He was fucked, and he totally knew it. Even he, with all his intellect, couldn't think of a way out of this one. He'd already lost the mental tug of war. This wasn't a battle anymore. It was his opponent coming to gloat. Among the ruined grand library that was Dumbledore's mindscape, he glowered at the Emperor. Darth Sidious, old and crouched and leaning on his cane, just smiled on, wide and happy with his yellow teeth exposed. "Who are you?" Dumbledore demanded. Then, with a sweeping motion of his hand, Dumbledore pointed to the several dozen corpses strewn across his mindscape that definitely hadn't been there before. "And who are they?" Sidious cackled. "Have you truly not figured it out? Has your interactions with the Potter boy blinded you to reality, Albus Dumbledore? Can you not guess who , what I am, what they are?" Sidious carelessly replied. Dumbledore was, to put it simply, a Master Manipulator. Ron Weasley may have been a chess prodigy, but Dumbledore could possibly match Sosuke Aizen in the whole manipulating pawns game. In fact, Aizen's corpse was one of the many in that mindscape. "These are my past lives, and you… You…" Dumbledore began to pale rapidly as realization after realization struck him. Palpatine smiled. "I am you, as are they. Oh, look, another Sith Lord. Hm… Disgusting." Sidious, ever the misogynist, looked down at Darth Traya's battered body with distaste. Dumbledore had brief flashes as he looked at the bodies around him. He remembered snippets of these lives of his echoing across the stars. He remembered being General Iroh, and how he had manipulated Zuko for years. He had done it for the greater good, and, in the end, Ozai's war machine fell. He hadn't even tried to save his niece. He remembered being Kasane Kujiragi, the games she had played, how she had fought with Izaya over control of Ikebukuro. He remembered Darth Traya, and her acts, and how she had nearly brought the Force itself to its grave. He remembered his life as Danzo Shimura, the pain he'd caused, the wars he'd fueled, the lives he'd ruined before falling at the hands of one of his pissed off victims. He remembered his existence as Yen Sid and the battle he'd raged across the stars against Xehanort and his followers. He remembered his life as Precht, how he'd drowned in the darkness and died at the hands of Zeref for his sins. In all his lives, Dumbledore had been the manipulator, the one who tainted other's actions and he had usually ended up paying for it with his life. He'd tried to do good in those lives, but, occasionally, as when he was Aizen, he'd become too arrogant, too obsessed with his own power, and became the very monster's he'd sworn he'd end. Dumbledore's mind came to a single conclusion then and there. Either reincarnation caused souls to be flung across time and space, or the multiverse theory was very, very real and souls could pierce it across different realities. One thing bothered him, however… "Aizen was our longest existence. Why, then, is it that you stand before me instead of him?" Dumbledore growled. Sidious just smiled. "I am far older than you can possibly know! I refused to fade, even as the ghosts of thousands of Jedi dragged me forcibly into the afterlife! Before that, before this flesh I know wield," Sidious motioned to his own body, "I was known by another name, a name you know well." Dumbledore began to back away, shaking his head. "No, no, no. You can't possibly be…" "I have ruled the Sith for Five Thousand Years! My spirit has echoed for longer than you can even imagine! I am the Sith Emperor! It was I that broke Revan and Malak, it was I who turned the Jedi's so called 'chosen' into my own personal slave, it was I who twisted Ben Solo to the Darkside!" Dumbledore reeled back. Memories of his other lives came in snaps. Had they all shot into him, Dumbledore's mind would have shattered. It was already mostly broken if the mindscape was an indication. One thing that was clear, however, was that Darth Vitiate and Darth Sidious had apparently always been the same being. Dumbledore was powerless against such an ancient and powerful being. "I grow tired of you. Sleep, Albus Dumbledore, while I use your body to further my ends! The Sith will rule the Galaxy once more!" Dumbledore tried to fight back. He failed. In a last desperate attempt, he left behind an imprint of himself, hidden from Palpatine. Hopefully, it would be enough. Across time and space, Jedi, present and future, felt an echo of utter darkness resonating from the Unknown Region. Thus, it became known as the Forbidden region, as far as the Jedi were concerned, and they made various efforts to prevent its exploration which last for millennia. Asajj Ventress could only flare at the mirror. To be reborn without a nose… And worse, a male! No mirrors in the Riddle Mansion survived that night. And odd sight was held within one of the many hidden passageways of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Any who walked in on the scene would blink, rub their eyes, blink again, then proceed to walk away and assume they'd been confunded. The Weasley twins stood on opposite sides of a room glaring death at one another. "You killed Dad, also known as Harry!" Fred snapped. "You killed Aunt Mara! Our little sister!" George snapped right back. "She didn't even exist in your reality!" "I'm sure she did! Rey had to come from somewhere!" "I'm still convinced she's your reality's version of Jaina, which makes her your twin!" "I wouldn't know! I don't remember anything past Starkiller base!" "... How convenient." Both twins paused. It didn't take much longer for the two fallen sons of Han Solo to begin to scream at one another again. Jacen Solo and Kylo Ren had terribly tempers, after all. It ended in blows. Kylo got his ass kicked. He'd lost to someone who hadn't even made Padawan, after all, while Jacen had become the most feared Sith Lord since Vader. Parvati and Padma just stared at echo other. "So, you kicked your realities version of Jacen's ass?" Parvati asked. "Totally." Padma nodded. Parvati smirked and the two high fived. Jaina Solo and Rey last-name-unknown would get along just fine. The Creevey brothers also had their own little discussion. Or tried. Dennis was getting glomped. "You're so cute! I always wanted a little brother! Instead, I had Jaina and Jacen and they were older but now I have a little bro and you users to be my cus but that never happened and now you're tiny and cute and I won't let you go!" "Let me go, damn it!" "Nope! I shall hold you, and watch over you, and protect you, and all that shit older siblings do!" Anakin Solo exasperated Ben Skywalker. After Jacen going insane, though, it was a nice feeling, and he knew he'd do anything to protect his new brother. Even if he was annoying. Cedric paused as all the rest of the students walked out of the class. Cautiously, he made his way up to the front desk. Not bothering to glance up, Snape continued with his work. "Yes? Don't you have a class to attend, Diggory?" "Anakin." The quill paused. "I… I failed you. I know that. It was my fault. I wasn't ready for an apprentice so young, and I… I didn't know how to handle you. Headstrong and independent and passionate, I didn't… I don't want to make excuses. I failed and I-" "You never failed me, Master." Snape interrupted. Cedric's eyes snapped up. Snape wasn't looking at him. His gaze was locked firmly on the paper he'd been grading. "I failed you. And I'm not worthy of your presence. I… I'm so sorry, Master." Snape whispered. Only force senses allowed Cedric to hear the words at all as tears spilled down onto the paper below. "I- there is no redemption for a monster like me, but I just want you to know, that I never once truly believed any of it was ever truly your fault." "Come now, Anakin. Do not lie to-" "Tatooine." Cedric froze as Snape finally lifted his head. "I always knew that was where you hid. Always . As long as you stayed away, I could ignore you, so I did. But I always knew, Master." The two old friend just stared at one another. Then, as one, they both ended in an embrace, tears streaming down both their faces. Hogwarts students happily piled onto the train. Chattering with his newly reborn friends, Han couldn't be happier. When he'd been reborn, he thought he'd never see any of them again. Fate, however, had different ideas and he couldn't be more grateful. A few things were odd, though. The Weasley twins kept giving him weird looks, but whatever. Luna Lovegood had skipped up to the head table kicked Snape in the crotch and walked away without so much as a reprimand. Dennis Creevey refused to leave Ginny's side and glared death at the Weasley twins anytime they crossed his path. Come to think of it, the Patil twins were acting really weird too… Colin Creevey, likewise, had taken to following Han as if he were the only beacon of light in the world. That, and the Weasley twins and Patil twins had taken to bodyguarding the boy for some reason. Draco Malfoy had also taken to avoiding Han, which was a plus. He'd been getting a shit load of headaches, though. He kept getting flashes from what he assumed was an angry Voldemort who seemed to be having gender confusion problems. Han wasn't concerned. Voldemort's suffering was a plus in his book. Then, Cedric, Neville, Hermione, Ginny, both sets of twins, everyone other than Han and Ron, really, who remembered their past lives, collapsed and screamed. Flinching back, Han grabbed his wife who wasn't his wife yet as she collapsed. Wide eyed, he turned frantically to look around at the other unconscious students. His gaze met with Ron's own wide eyes. What the hell just happened? And what in the galaxy could knock out every Force User they had simultaneously? That alone was a very terrifying thought… Less than an hour later, Han and Ron, who still hadn't fully awakened- Chewie was an entirely different species, after all- stood guard over the rest of their friends, all of whom were locked in a deep sleep. Two of the teachers were also present in their unconscious condition. Flitwick slept on alongside Snape. Another of the students that Han didn't really know, Cho Chang, was also knocked out cold. Suddenly, Percy broke into the room. Han spun around and nearly blasted him on the spot before he realized who it was. Ron sighed in relief. "Percy. Where are mom and dad?" Percy, however, didn't listen. Instead, he strode forth and attempted to shove an old shoe into Han's arms. Attempt being the keyword as Han leapt back and fired a shot beneath Percy's feet. He'd had enough of kriffing portkeys to last a lifetime. Han leveled his wand at Percy's chest. "You have five kriffing seconds to explain before I blast your brains out, kid." "Harry!" Ron exclaimed, shocked. Percy, however, waved Ron down, eyes locked with Han's. "I always knew it would happen. But they didn't believe me. As far as mom and dad are concerned, the sun shines out of Dumbledore's arse." Percy began and Han had a very bad feeling. "What are you saying?" Han demanded. "Dumbledore has-" "'Dumbledore', I fear, is no longer among us." Han felt a violent shudder pass through his body. Without hesitation, he spun and blasted pure blasts of energy with only one goal in mind. Kill. Kill. Kill . Ron screamed. Dumbleperor smiles viciously, batting away each spell without even moving a muscle. The shots merely slides past his body to no effect. Percy snarled, spinning around and pulling his wand from his robes. To Han's shock, a purple energy beam shot from the damn thing. A wand lightsaber. Now he'd really seen everything. Palpatine blinked in surprise. "Master Windu. You've awakened. And you weren't knocked out by my presence. How utterly shocking." "I watched you destroy the Republic I loved in one lifetime. I refuse to let that happen again, Chancellor." With that, Percy fell into the Vaapad form. Palpatine just smiled. "You wish to stop me alone, Master Windu? Here is a clue. I let you win last time. I needed to break Skywalker, and I used you to do so. How does it feel, knowing you were a pawn in the fall of government you so loved?" Palpatine cackled. Percy roared in rage, much unlike a Jedi, and force jumped at Dumbledore. Ron fell back in shock. What the bloody hell! Dumbledore let out a snarl as a red blade of energy emitted from his own wand. Leaping back, the Headmaster blocked Percy's slash and the two began to slash at each other with spins and ferocity that left the beds around them in tatters. Han, not to be left out, began to fire, careful to do so only when Percy was facing him. He didn't know who Percy had been in a past life but it was obviously an ally against his worst nightmare, which was good enough for him. A force blast knocked everyone back as Palpatine let out a hoarse scream. Percy slammed into a wall and choked. He had a moment to look up before there was a sudden pain in his chest. Blinking, Percy slowly lowered his eyes… With a desperate gasp, Percy fell to his knees. Curling his lip in distaste, Dumbledore kicked the downed body. Slowly, Ron stood, disoriented. What had just happened? Why was this- Why was Percy- And Dumbledore- Han- Percy was bleeding. Ron roared. An inhuman growl escaped his lips as he wildly charged at Sidious. Palpatine spun and blasted the boy with lightning. To his utter shock, the young Weasley shrugged it off and punched him in the chest. Palpatine gave out a gasp as he felt something break, the blow flinging him backwards, knocking several beds over. "I'll kill you!" Ron thundered. Sidious, not one to out maneuvered more than once, rose quickly. With a wave of his hand, Ron nearly toppled over as he felt his strength leave him. Revitalized, Palpatine lifted his hand and flicked. Ron slammed into a wall several times. Each time, he just snarled and got back up. Palpatine grew tired of this. He'd take off that bloody creatures head! Unfortunately for him, the second he ignited his wandsaber he was forced to deflect blasts from Han. With a snarl, Palpatine decided to end it. Both Han and Ron fell to their knees as the Emperor assaulted their very minds. The redhead, who had slowly been integrating with a Wookie all year, was harder, but he fell none the less. "Enough. I tire of these games." Palpatine snapped. "My empire shall be reborn. In order to ensure that, all of you must die! I shall-" Palpatine was flung back, hard, as Snape stood with his teeth bared and eyes glowing red with the power of the darkside. Sliding back, Sidious glared. "Vader. I see you have awakened, traitor." Ron gasped. It was then that Han knew Ron remembered. Striding forward, Snape pulled his wand from his sleeve and a blue blade erupted from the tip. "My name," he began, "Is Anakin Skywalker. And you will never harm my family ever again! Even that slime smuggler!" With that, Snape charged. The two wandsabers locked in a shower of sparks. "Go!" Anakin called. "I'll hold him off! Get out of here, now! " Not needing to be told twice, Han used the last of his magic to forcibly summon the bodies of everyone else in the room, including a protesting wand and a rapidly bleeding out Percy. The shoe came last and they were gone. "It will make no difference. They will die. They will die." Palpatine informed his old student. "It will. Because I'm going to do what I should have done decades ago and destroy the Sith, once and for all!" With that, Anakin attacked. Sidious deflected each blow and backed away. With a wave of his hand lighting exploded outwards. Batting it away with hardly a thought, Anakin let lose a convulsive Force Blast. Sidious gasped as he was literally blasted through the wall. Snape charged right in afterwards and Sidious only just managed to get up in order to defend himself. "I have destroyed entire planets, child! I am the incarnation of the Darkside itself! I-" "You always talked too bloody much." Anakin cut off as Sidious was forced to dodge pieces of the wall being thrown at him without impunity. The Dark Lord batted them away with a thought only to get a boot in the face. Flying backwards, Sidious turned and retreated. Anakin snarled. "No you don't!" Sidious dodged to the side as a force blast tore the area he'd once stood in. Leaping up, the Dark Lord landed, spun, and blocked Anakin's next attack. The blades locked as Anakin's eyes glowed gold. "I will destroy you! I will tear your soul to shreds so you'll never be reborn ever again! I will break you!" Sidious was strong. Anakin was stronger, younger, and had literally been born to kill him. Sidious gasped as his hand was chopped off. With a snarl, a force blast knocked him to the ground as Anakin advanced. "You're reign ends here, Emperor. I should never have stood in Windu's way. It ends now!" Anakin moved to finish Sidious off… Only to be forced to turn and deflect a spell shot out by McGonagall. Behind her stood the test of the Professors. Only then did Anakin realize he'd been lead to the Great Hall. Sidious hadn't ran, the bastard had led him here on purpose! "What in Merlin's name s going on here!" "Minerva! I've made a grave error! It seems Severus was never truly on our side. It was he that led Voldemort to the Potters in revenge for what he perceived to be Lily's betrayal!" Dumbledore exclaimed. "Sithspit." Anakin was forced to dodge back as spells were flung at him. With a growl, he deactivated his wandsaber and began to fight back with years of magical dueling experience. Spinning around, he only just managed to block a lightning blast from Sidious. Only then did he notice the bear forged from earth created by Sprout charging at him. Anakin shattered it and watched in dismay as McGonagall transfigured the pieces into glass and they were tossed at him. Wandsaber snapping on, Anakin deflected them all. Unfortunately, even the Chosen One couldn't fight the professors and Sidious at the same time. A Force Blast had him on his knees and he cursed as his legs were chopped off once more. Anakin knew no more as his head hit the ground. Albus sighed as he walked forth. "I believe he was enchanted." He told the other teachers. "Enchanted!" Minerva gasped. "By who?" Sprout asked. "The stars have spoken!" Sybil was ignored. "I fear I have made a grave error. It appears… It appears Mr. Potter's survival was far too convenient." Dumbledore stayed sadly, tears sprinkling from his eyes. "Harry! No, not 'im! Surely yer mistaken, Headmaster!" Hagrid cried. Dumbledore, however, shook his head. "I'm afraid not, old friend. It appears Mr. Potter never survived at all. Voldemort instead implanted the child's corpse with a shard of his own soul which he awakened only recently. Professor Snape attempted to stop him, however, using the Dark Mark, Potter took control of him to set him on me." Dumbledore calmly explained. The other teachers fell back in shock. That couldn't be true, could it? "Are you certain, Albus?" Minerva gasped, gripping at her heart. "I am afraid so, Minerva." Dumbledore nodded sadly. "I am afraid it is even worse." The other teachers were wide eyed. Worse? What could be worse? "Voldemort has escaped and taken a dozen students with him, including all the Weasley's and numerous alumni from the other houses. I fear what he plans for them and whether he can control them as he did Severus." Dumbledore revealed. That… That truly was a terrifying prospect. Rita Skeeter heard it all… And feared for her life. This… This was bigger than her. She needed to inform someone. Then, eyes locked with hers and she knew this was the end. It was in that moment that Dumbledore gasped and nearly toppled over. "You-" Sidious snarled and knew no more. The imprint had attacked just as Sidious had detected Skeeter. Taking the chance, the reporter fled. She had to inform someone, anyone, other than Fudge. Even Rita knew he was useless. Amelia Bones was sure in for a surprise. A/N: This arc is almost over. There is only one more chapter planned. Whoo. It really took on a life of its own, huh? Thanks for reading! :D Chapter 7 : Han Solo, Final Part A/N: So, this story has gotten me into reading Star Wars books again. The EU is just plain awesome. For this chapter, I even read the Dark Empire comics, all of them. I… Was not impressed. I don't recommend them to be honest. The only positive those comics had was that they gave us Anakin Solo. Other than that, I didn't like them, although I'm sure others disagree. Warnings: Violence. I do like it. Also, SPOILERS , as always. Reincarnation Cheat Sheet Albus Dumbledore: Darth Sidious Barty Crouch Jr.: Boba Fett Blaise Zabini: Lando Calrissian Cedric Diggory: Obi-Wan Kenobi Cho Chang: Siri Tachi Colin Creevey: Anakin Solo Dean Thomas: Finn Dennis Creevey: Ben Skywalker Dobby: Yoda Draco Malfoy: Greedo Filius Flitwick: Qui-Gon Jinn Fred Weasley: Jacen Solo/Darth Caedus George Weasley: Kylo Ren/Ben Solo Ginny Weasley: Mara Jade Skywalker Harry Potter: Han Solo Hermione Granger: Leia Organa Solo Luna Lovegood: Ahsoka Tano Neville Longbottom: Luke Skywalker Ron Weasley: Chewbacca Lavender Brown: Winter Padma Patil: Rey Parvati Patil: Jaina Solo Percy Weasley: Mace Windu Seamus Finnigan: Wedge Antilles Severus Snape : Anakin Skywalker/Darth Vader Theodore Nott: Poe Dameron Voldemort: Asajj Ventress Chapter 7 Han Solo, Part 4 Han Solo was shaking. He was scared shitless, really. Palpatine… The only thing he couldn't find a way to blame the bastard for was the Yuzhang Vong and even that was subjective. Everything else that had gone wrong in either of his lives could be traced back to the Emperor in one way or another. If it wasn't one of his wayward students causing hell, it was the remains of Palpatine's twisted Empire. And the Emperor had returned. This… This reminded him of Byss. Hopefully, this wouldn't end with a stalemate like Onderon with only the sacrifice of a Jedi keeping Sidious from possessing one of his children. With a glance at Neville, Han wondered if Luke would turn again. He doubted it but the suspicion lingered. Luke's fall to the Darkside would forever be etched into his mind, no matter how brief it had been. "We need to take him out. Fast." Han jumped. He'd forgotten Ron was there. His head snapped up. "You remember?" Ron's eyes met his. Silence. Followed by a single nod. And, despite his despair, Han couldn't help but smile. He had Chewie back. That made things almost normal. A groan could be heard. Han's eyes snapped up. "Fred!" He exclaimed. Han leaped up and went towards his downed friend. Blinking, Fred looked up and met Han's concerned gaze. A beat. Then, Han was flung back, Ron let out a roar, and Fred had stood and was backing up against a wall. "Stay away!" Fred was shaking. He couldn't… Death has a way of changing you. Being free of darkness does too. Darth Caedus had died seconds before Jacen Solo had but in death that had been enough. Jacen remembered what he had done and the evils he had committed. He also remembered that in the end, as far as his parents were concerned, Jacen Solo had died with Omini in that final battle that ended the Yuzhang Vong War. "Fred?" Cautiously, Jacen looked up. Han and Chewbacca, as he now realized Ron was, we're looking at him with pure unadulterated concern. Ha! If only they knew. "I- I'm… I'm so sorry, Dad." Han froze. Dad. I'm sorry. This was either Jacen or Ren standing before him. One of the two. It couldn't be anyone else. Ron let out a snarl and prepared to move forward, assuming the being before him was the one who took Han from him. Jacen closed his eyes. Death by Wookie. Nothing less than he deserved, he supposed. What he didn't expect was a hand pushing on his chest and for another to push Ron back. Eyes snapping open, Jacen reeled back in shock as Ginny stood between him and death. "Enough! We don't have time to fight amongst ourselves!" She snapped, glaring at Ron. "Aunt Mara." Slowly, Mara turned. Their eyes met. Several seconds passed. Then, she slapped him. Jacen's head reeled back as the noise echoed through the Weasley household. Which wasn't a very safe place, now that Han considered it. Shit, they needed to get out, and fast! The sound seemed to wake everyone else up. Jacen stood frozen as the others, all Force Sensitive, realized just exactly who he was, what he'd done, what he'd become, the monster- Mara had gripped him arms and was crying into his shoulder and Jaina was suddenly hugging him and apologizing and Ben was there, surprisingly, muttering about how the old Jacen was back and before Jacen knew it he was practically buried when the rest of the family decided to join in. Kylo flinched back. Well. He doubted he'd get such a welcome. He was proven wrong when an arm reached out for both him and Rey and they found themselves in the family hug too. Only Flitwick, Luna, Cedric and Cho found themselves left out. "What in Merlin's name," a voice rung out, "Is going on here?" Slowly, all heads turned at a bewildered Molly Weasley, who'd spent the morning in a panic when her kids hadn't shown up at the station. Well. They had a lot of explaining to do. "You're sure." "Yes!" "Positive?" "Yes!" "This isn't bullocks?" "Do you think even I would bullshit this?" Amelia conceded the point. Turning from Rita, Amelia conjured a Patronus. "All Aurors, Code Rouge Avatar. Repeat, Code Rouge Avatar. Threat level Morgan. Repeat, threat level Morgan. Report immediately . Hogwarts has been compromised. Dumbledore had been compromised. Report Immediately ." Code Avatar, named after the cases in India where people were known to become possessed by their past lives and exhibited powers. The locals had believed them to be possessed by gods. Rouge Avatar signified when the infringing past life was a threat to everyone around it. Code Morgan was self explanatory, really. Who else but Morgan le Fey match Merlin himself? In this case, this was downright apocalyptic. Voldemort didn't even qualify as a Code Morgan, but he came damn close. The last time Code Morgan had been announced Adolf Hitler had torn up most of the old magical families in Europe and from what Amelia understood Dumbledore and Grindelwald had actually joined forces temporarily to take him out. Technically, as Hitler was a Muggle, that should have been a Code Uther for magic Hunter, but the magical community would freak if they learned a Muggle had caused the worse Mage slaughter the world had ever known. Amelia sighed. This… This was not going to end well. She could feel it. Darth Sidious contemplated his next actions. He had the staff. They would follow him. He also had Vader. Breaking him would not take long. Still so much hate after so long. He also had Master Windu. Darth Sidious would shatter him too. He could sense several other Force Presences, some awake, some sleeping. What an interesting world this was! That so many of them had been drawn here… Yes, a fascinating planet. A pity he'd have to destroy it. The Emperor wanted immortality. This planet… Rich in the Force like he'd never seen before, yes. With its energies Sidious would create a Wound in the Force that would echo across the cosmos and he would achieve immortality. The Sith would rule once more! But first, he had to eliminate the rogue Jedi that had escaped. He needed allies against them. Closing his eyes, Sidious let his senses expand. Eyes snapping open, he smirked. He now understood. Those steeped in the Dark Side were the first to recover from his awakening and the echo it left in the Force. Some could be persuaded to join the dark again. Sidious had the memories of Vitate. And Darth Vitiate had literally broken one of the most powerful Jedi ever born with a glare. The Death Eaters would also follow him. Ventress could be persuaded to aid him. He could spin a tale of Voldemort being the true Harry and the Death Eaters being free. Honestly. These people would buy anything he said as proven by their attack on Snape and their utter lack of concern after Sidious had chopped off Snape's legs. He had a war to prepare. He could feel it in the Force. This battle would end… Soon. With that, Sidious shattered the apparition barriers of Azkaban with ease, the Force fueling Dumbledore's already great strength. Marching in, he batted the Dementors aside without a glance. He sneered when they kneeled. Filthy creatures. Making his way inside, Sidious searched. His last faithful apprentice would follow him once more. Darth Sidious' prediction came true rather quickly. Ventress was rather quick to persuade after Sidious promised she could torture Dooku He'd already met his end of that bargain. Dooku had been ironically reborn as Grindelwald. Helpless, it was child's play to hand him over to Ventress. Sidious doubted he'd live much longer. "Albus… Are you sure about this?" Minerva asked, uneasy at the Death Eaters who Albus claimed were reformed. The other teachers twitched. All of them felt uneasy with the Death Eaters there. Sidious rolled his eyes. Then, with a wave of his hand, he spoke. "You believe me. The end." "We believe you. The end." They changed right back. Ah. The wonders of the Force. Amelia had sent word the ICW. On the off chance they failed, Dumbledore had to be stopped. He held too power to be possessed by a rogue Dark Lord, and a powerful one if Rita's report was to be believed. They reached the gate of Hogwarts. Amelia spun and looked at her men, each and every single one of them. "Show no mercy. Do not hesitate. They are our enemies and the fate of the Wizarding World rests in our hands. Attack without hesitation." She could already see the hesitation. However, each one nodded. Amelia gave one last look over before turning again. The Battle for Hogwarts was about to begin. The chaos that followed could only be described as a massacre. The Emperor was a known wielder of the Battle Mediation. He was so proficient in it that he had been able to fight Luke Skywalker and direct the Battle of Endor at the same time. Of course, that was his error. Palpatine paid with his life and the Death Star for splitting his attention so. With his death, everything went to hell and the Rebels took advantage. Thus, the Empire was defeated rather historically. This time, however, there were no distractions. Amelia Bones dodged another curse, snarled, and flung several back. Minerva McGonagall was a tough opponent. A spell shattered her leg and Amelia screamed as she fell. Gasping, her gaze met McGonagall's blank stare. She was being controlled. Likely, all the teachers were. It didn't matter because Amelia died then and there. Dean, Blaise, Seamus, Lavender, and Theodore Nott all stared in horror at the massacre bellow. The Aurors were getting curbstomped. There was no other way to put it. "We should have left when we had the chance. We're useless here." Lavender realized. Dean glanced at her. Nott shook head. "This is the best chance we have. We have to take out Palpatine. He might not even see us as a threat." He pointed out. "He won't." Seamus interjected. "The Emperor's weakness is his pride. He won't see us as a threat. In fact, he'll ignore us in favor of the Jedi. That's how Han managed to shoot him in the first place." How did they know Sidious was Dumbledore, you ask? Simple. Even without the Force, that twisted aura could be felt across the stars. The second Sidious had unleashed it they had known. One look and instinct screamed Palpatine. It's how Han knew too and why he hadn't hesitated to shoot. "It's a gamble…" Blaise stated. "I thought you liked to gamble." Lavender rolled her eyes. "With these odds? No one likes to gamble. This is worse than Mindor…" Blaise countered. "Well, you're the leader." Dean spoke up. Blaise growled. Okay, so he was the reincarnation of an Alliance General. Still, Seamus had more experience! The fact that they were forcing him to lead was cruel. Bastards. As it so happened, Sidious was not expecting five students to barge in. As such, his concentration broke as he was forced to dodge out of the way of spell fire. Snarling, he turned to the intruders. "Interesting. I assumed Solo and the Wookie were alone. I was wrong. Die." Blaise was blasted back as lightning struck him. That was okay. Part of the plan. Sidious was forced to leap as the floor exploded. Snarling, he spun in the air and managed to land on his feet. The floor of Astronomy Tower no longer existed. Reaching out with the Force, Sidious detected all five. This would be child's play. Unfortunately, his concentration had broken… As did his hold on the teachers. In that moment, they turned on the Death Eaters without hesitation. At the same time, the Jedi that had escaped made their way into the school grounds. The remaining Aurors stood shocked as several students wielding wandsabers began to cut through the Death Eater lines. Then, the Dementors fell from the skies in hordes. Cedric dodged back and brought his wandsaber up to block. Snarling, Ventress glared. "Kenobi." "Ventress. Love the new look. Plastic surgery working out for you?" Ventress snarled and pressed her attack. Leia froze. This… No. Just… No. Only, it was. Darth Vader glowered at her. "The Darkside is the only way, daughter of mine. You will turn or you will die. I-" Vader was cut off as Anakin Solo, in the small form of Colin Creevey, attacked. "Stay the hell away from my mom!" Vader snarled and attacked. Qui-Gon sighed. Being reborn Yoda size was not fun. How did he old master do it? Still, Flitwick was powerful in his own right. Unfortunately… "The only way to defeat Palpatine is through his own teachings. I'm sorry, old friend, but I have no choice." Windu's eyes glowed with the Darkside. "Then I'm afraid I don't either." Qui-Gon was glad he'd taken up Ataru as a hobby. Sidious lifted his hand as a rocket of all things nearly struck him. With a glare, he turned towards Boba Fett, reborn as Barty Crouch Jr. "Tired of hiding, Bounty Hunter?" "We Mandalorians have codes of honor, even those like me." Crouch lifted his arm. "You won't be living past today." Sidious sneered. Around him laid the broken bodies of his assailants. Dean and Nott seemed determined to hold each other's hands until the end. Seamus was panting. So this is how he'd die. Lavender's only joy was that they'd bought much needed time. Blaise was cursing Han Solo for getting him in this mess in the first place. Spells rained down. Sidious deflected them with a wave and pressed his attack. The bounty hunter was good. Against a Sith Lord, however, good was irrelevant. Han was determined to take out Palpatine. That is, until he had to dodge back a lightwhip. Light… Whip… His face blank, Han turned. Bellatrix Lestrange smiled at him. At her feet laid Luna Lovegood and Dennis Creevey, both who apparently lost. "You… You're…" "Lumiya." Bellatrix supplied helpfully. Han Solo had been an ordinary man. He had no Force powers, he'd lived among those who did, and he'd kicked ass without the need for space Mage powers. Harry Potter was a wizard and a powerful one at that. As such, his rage and hate exploded with magical power. Lumina flinched back. "What- what is this?" Han laughed. "Jedi aren't allowed to hate. Jedi aren't allowed to feel rage. It can twist them. I'm no Jedi lady, and you know what?" Glowing green eyes met Lumiya's. "You took my kriffin son from me. And I really, really hate you." The blast of pure red energy nearly killed her. Bellatrix screamed and retaliated. She refused to fall to someone who couldn't even feel the Force. Sidious was getting annoyed. The house elf sending Force Blasts was not what he needed right now. "Correct my mistake, I will. Defend Han Solo, I must. Destroy the Sith, I will!" If it wasn't for the bounty hunter, Yoda would be dead. A thousand years shoved into the mind of a house elf nearly killed poor Dobby. As it was, Sidious doubted Yoda would survive a week. As it was, it appeared the old Grand Master intended to go with a bang. Sidious let the Darkside consume him. Then, with its power filling him, he let loose a blast of pure darkness. The bounty hunter hit a wall and Yoda leaped away. With a twist of his wrist, Bobba's neck snapped. Turning, Sidious concentrated on Yoda. Lumiya simply could not believe it. This was… This was… Not possible! Han Solo was an unstoppable force. He configured missiles from stray stones. He blasted what looked like turbo laser cannons at her that shattered everything around him. His shield charm was unbreakable. Lumiya was being overwhelmed. A sudden blast took her arm. She screamed as blood poured from the wound. Glancing up, she met Solo's gaze. "You took my son. So, I'm taking your life." Green lightning arched and Lumiya learned a valuable lesson. Never mess with a pissed off parent. The lesson, however, was useless as she dropped dead moment later. Han swayed and collapsed. It would take his magical core months to heal from the strain he put it under. Sidious kicked the dead elf. Without a weapon and with a time limit, it hadn't been hard once the bounty hunter was gone. Only then did he notice his audience. Turning, he saw five blades extended towards him. "Skywalker." Sidious smiled. Glancing at the others, Sidious' smirk only became more pronounced. "You've brought someone who never rejected the dark and a girl untrained to resist it. Foolish, my son." Luke, having memories of Kylo's massacre, turned in time to block a blow from a now red blade. "It was I who controlled Ben Solo and had him slaughter you're precious Jedi. And now, I grant him the strength to kill you… With the aid of that girl." Luke was forced to fight of Rey at the same time. Sith spit. They really hadn't trained her and Sidious seemed to have gained a new affinity for mind control, greater than his old one. Sidious cackled. The cackle died as Jacen and Jaina lept at him. Snarling, he entered combat with them both. Mara Jade closed her eyes as she felt the battle around her. She caused this. She began the awakening. And, it had turned into this. She could feel it in the Force. Ben was dead. Ahsoka was dead. Anakin was dead and Leia was fighting her own father. And, Leia had turned. The five teens who had attacked Palpatine were dead. Teachers, students, Wizards, Aurors… She gave a bitter laugh. She didn't want to be alone so she caused this. Slowly, she made her way towards Han. With a wave, his eyes snapped open. "Mara?" "Come on, Solo. Let's hope Jacen's plan works. If not… Well, let's hope it works." Sidious made Omini look like a child. He made the Yuzhang Vong war lol like a happy relief. He made Caedus look like a bitch. Had it not been for their Force bond, Jacen and Jaina would be long dead. As it was, they coordinated perfectly. That alone kept them alive against the most powerful Sith Master ever born. "Jaina, my daughter. Are you sure you can trust your brother? He embraced the dark before, and hid it from you oh so well. How are you so sure he hasn't done it again?" And, he kept doing that. Honestly. If Jacen hadn't opened himself completely, Jaina might have bought it. As it was, she ignored Sidious and attacked again. It was for naught. With a sudden lurch that left Jacen's head spinning, Jaina was missing an arm. Or maybe it was him. Their bond made it hard to tell. Jumping back, Jacen realized he'd lost the arm. Oh. Well. Not the first time, really. Jacen stabbed forward as the Emperor deflected. Jaina slashed as his knees and the Emperor blocked that too. Jacen felt Aunt Mara and Han approach. Good. He wasn't sure how much longer he could last. Suddenly, Uncle Luke joined the attack. Glancing back, Jacen noted that Rey seemed to have freed herself and was attacking Kylo with unending fury. One less thing to worry about. "Jacen!" Jacen turned and dropped his wandsaber. With his now empty hand, he caught a time turner. Sidious blinked. "What is the purpose of that?" "This." Jacen approached his Aunt and father and let the Force flow through him, using the technique he'd used to walk into the past. Sidious had a moment to be surprised before everything disappeared as Jacen smashed the time turner. That surprise gave Luke the chance to take off his head. Of that hadn't happened, well… Jacen's act wouldn't have mattered much at all. With a sudden flash, the found themselves back in time… Just as Mara was about to knock out Ron. "Stop!" Jacen yelled. The other Mara froze and turned around. Then, the two Han's and the two Mara's suddenly merged. Jacen smiled. Then faded away. Han flew above the Quidditch pitch. It was all he could do, really. So many people he knew were here… Even if they didn't know it. He'd contemplated killing Dumbledore but had decided against it. Dumbledore was not Sidious. He'd still never trust him again, though. He heard more than saw Mara fly up next to him. With a sigh, he descended to the ground. Both of them touched down. They stood silent, eyes locked on the moon. A silence Mara eventually broke. "They aren't gone, you now. Just sleeping. They'll have to stay that way. Once I awoke one… The disturbance it caused in the Force set them all to trigger. There's no telling what else may happen." Han snorted. "We just fought Palpatine. What could be worse?" "Thrawn. That mad Dark Jedi Master he had with him. The Vong. The Killick. Any threat we've ever faced." Han winced. Yeah. That would be bad. "But, they aren't gone. They're there. They just don't know us yet. But we can know them." Han contemplated. "Yeah. Yeah, you're right!" Grinning, he turned back to the castle. Blinking, Mara spun. "Where are you going?" With a smirk to rival Malfoy, Han twirled and walked backwards. "Where else? I'm gonna make my wife fall in love with me again. I'm gonna spend time with my kids even if they're now older than me, mostly. I'm going to bother Luke and poke Lando and all that shit. Coming?" With a grin of her own, Mara followed. A/N: Okay! Some of you may hate this ending. However, things got messy at the end. Crossing so much of Star Wars into HP verse was admittedly a mistake. They basically took over to the point were it because a Hogwarts!AU of Star Wars, which was not my intention at the beginning but whatever. In other news, there is a spin off for this fic! Harry isn't Han in that one since he was Han here, but it will be Star Wars and will have some of the same elements! I say some since I don't want to just rehash the same story again. Anyways, thanks for reading! Good night. Chapter 8 : Luke Castellan, Part 1 A/N: So, I've decided that instead of writing this series with each part for the character in order, I'm going to mix things up. It helps because this lets me write literally whatever happens to pop into my head. This chapter, for example, popped up this morning. Enjoy :) Published: 9/1/2016 Warnings: The Last Olympian spoilers. Reincarnation Poll as of 9/2/2016 1st Place: Percy Jackson 2nd: Bleach 3rd: Devil May Cry and Deadpool 4th: Assassin's Creed, Buffy/Angel, Charmed, Doctor Who, Fullmetal Alchemist, Kingdom Hearts, Pokemon, Supernatural, Mortal Kombat 5th: Avengers, Danny Phantom, Final Fantasy X, X-Men Movieverse, Young Justice Cartoon, Teen Titans Cartoon, Kim Possible 6th: Several 7th: Several 8th: All with no votes Total Voters: 25. Max votes per voter: 5 Note: Poll posted on Fanfiction.Net. Same account name Chapter 9 Luke Castellan, Part 1 Luke Castellan was not happy. No, he wasn't happy, at all. He remembered just how he had managed to get himself into this mess. Well, part of it. It was still bits and pieces. Shards here and there that Luke, if he focused, could just barely feel flowing around him. He remembered Hades, glaring down upon him. He remembered his father, Hermes, off to the side, pleading with the Lord of the Underworld. Hmph. What good had that useless fool ever done for him? Then, Luke remembered the river. It is said that those that dip in the River Lethe lose all sense of self, all memories, washed clean, created anew, with all that they once were fading into nothingness, into the everlasting eternity of timelessness. Normally, this would be true. However, in Luke's case, well… Luke shouldn't even be, much less remember. He still wasn't sure what the strange son of a Scythian Dracaena had done to him, but it had resulted in his current situation. "BOY!" Luke snarled, Demigod instincts ingrained into his very core flaring. Swiftly, he dodged a blow aimed at his head. Without thinking, the child spun around, snapped out a kick towards his uncle's leg, before Luke jumped up, grabbed the fat bastard around the throat, and a tiny knee impaled itself into Vernon Dursley's face. "Vernon!" Luke was sure that was the sound of glass breaking. At the moment, he didn't care. Vernon let out a shout as Luke leapt off his face. Luke spun in the air before sliding back on the ground. Crouching, the four year old boy glared. Vernon shuddered slightly, gripping at his face as blood escaped from his nose. Slowly, the older man locked eyes with his nephew. Before Luke's very eyes, the face began to change color. Red, purple, you name it, Uncle Vernon became it. Luke wondered for a second if his Uncle had eaten one too many grapes and it was now affecting his skin tone. Then, Vernon swelled up like a Puffer-fish, and Luke knew what was happening next. Without batting an eyelash, the child took two fingers and shoved them in his ears, for all the good it would do him. Which is to say, probably not much but better than nothing. "OUT! OUT, YOU DISGUSTING LITTLE MONSTER! I WILL NOT HAVE THIS ABOMINATION IN MY HOUSE ANYMORE! OUT, OUT, OU-" "Vernon! We need the boy!" Vernon rounded on her as well. Luke was half convinced the man was going to throttle his wife. Now, Luke didn't care much for his Aunt Petunia, so… He'd probably just watch, actually. Nothing these people did would surprise him anymore. Honestly. Hades must be having a laugh. Luke, being reincarnated to loving parents, only for them to die and for him to ultimately be raised by a man that made Zeus look like a nice Uncle. Thunder inexplicably shook the house, despite no storms. Luke raised a single eyebrow. Zeus could hear him all the way here in Britain? Then again, this was a God he was talking about. Vernon twitched for several seconds. However, he didn't swing, as Luke had predicted. Instead, he rounded back on Luke. "THIS IS MY HOUSE, YOU FOUL LITTLE DEMON, AND YOU WILL RESPECT MY AUTHORITY! I WILL NOT HAVE SUCH DISRESPECT IN MY-" Luke casually waved his hand and summoned fire. What? He was cold. Vernon jumped, alarmed. Petunia screeched. Dudley shouted for them to shut up so he could watch the Telly. Luke blinked before lifting his hand, examining it in detail while ignoring his relatives who both flinched back in fear. "Huh. That still works. Fascinating." Then, with a grin, the four year old smiled up at his so called guardians. "You know, Annabeth ran away at 8. Think I can manage at 4?" Luke didn't give them a chance to answer. With a snap of his fingers, the Mist twisted about. Vernon and Petunia's eyes both gained a hazy hue, and Luke? Luke was long gone. The Ministry of Magic. Luke did not know who these people where. He did not know what they wanted with him. And, he seriously wanted to know how they were so Mist resistant. Luke was no sorcerer. He couldn't conjure complex illusions that actually affected reality around him. He could, however, influence the minds of mortals since the Mist was designed for that purpose, to keep the world of the Gods hidden from mankind. These… Strange men in robes, however, seemed to shrug off Luke's best attempts to enchant them. On the bright side… "Got you know, little bugger!" Luke turned. He'd been cornered in an alleyway. Years of running had led to this particular moment being a frequent repeat. As such, Luke shoved a finger in his nose and ignored the man. The wizard- Luke was sure they called themselves wizards- twitched. "Now, you'll be comin' with me, you ruddy little- Oiy, where's my-!" the man began to pat himself down. He could have sworn his wand was in his pocket just a minute ago! "Oh, you mean this?" The man's eyes shot up. To his shock, Luke was casually twirling a stick in his hand. Without much thought, Luke smiled up at the Auror- not that Luke knew this was an Auror, mind you- and snapped said wand with a casual flex of his fingers. The wizard growled. "Why, you little-" "Would you stop calling me little?" With that, Luke sprung into action. When the other Auror's came along, it was to find their companion in a heap with several broken bones, dizzy, and disoriented with his shattered wand tossed all across the alleyway. Luke sighed. This was harder than he thought. He'd been running for years, but there never seemed to be an end to these people. There had to be some solution, some way. Luke blinked. Wait, why was he running? These people were obviously magical. Luke somehow had his Demigod powers still intact, and something else he could feel echoing at his core. Perhaps… Perhaps those that hunted him knew more of this mysterious power. On the other hand… It was ridiculously easy for Luke to get his hand on those sticks they kept waving at him. He'd lost count of how many he'd shattered. In their defense, Luke Castellan had once walked into Olympus, made his way into Zeus Throne Room, danced for a bit on the Sky God's Throne which in hindsight had been pretty suicidal before running off with the Master Bolt, the Olympians none the wiser. Well, all but one. Hestia, however, had done nothing. The look of disappointment the Goddess had given Luke, however, would remain etched into his memory, forever. Luke sometimes wondered why Hestia had said nothing. Had she known how it would all end? That was one Immortal Luke had never been able to understand. Compared to stealing the Master Bolt, getting wands was childsplay. Still, Luke realized rather quickly, the only way to survive in this mysterious new world Hades had so graciously dumped him in, he would have to understand said world. "Is that him?" "Can't be, he's been missing for years!" "But he has the scar!" "What? Where? Lemme see!" Luke had always liked making entrances. He had a certain flair for dramatics. Of course, striking from the shadows was also fun, but only if you got to see the look of betrayal in someone's eyes. That day, when Percy had looked up at him, horrified and in realization of what Luke had done, what Luke was doing, what Luke had begun… It had been such a relief. Being himself after conforming for so long had been euphoric! As such, Luke wasn't going to bother hiding in the Wizarding World. He was, after all, annoyingly already famous. With a smile and a casual wave, Luke had his way towards the staff table. There, Dumbledore stood rapidly and a few of the other first years parted. Luke made careful care not to glance in the way of a certain Professor. Dumbledore was no fool. Any mistake here could cost Luke. He had to play his cards right. That was okay. He was the son of the Trickster God. He was used to playing deceptions. "Harry Potter?" "The one and only," Luke smiled. "How did you find this castle? You've been missing, my boy, for the past seven years," Dumbledore's curiosity got the best of him. Then, he remembered where they were, and amended his statement, "You will be seeing me after the sorting, young man. You must understand, running away from home is never a good thing." Luke gave Dumbledore a look. "What makes you think I haven't found a new home since then? Besides, that place was never home," with that, Luke turned away. Dumbledore winced as he felt wards he had struggled to uphold shatter. No matter. Albus Dumbledore had a backup plan. Albus Dumbledore always had a backup plan. He glanced at McGonagall. "Commence the sorting." Luke patiently waited for his turn, ignoring the stares aimed in his direction. Well, stares and a couple of glares. The Professor that looked like he'd dipped his hair in fry grease seemed determined to kill Luke with his eyes. Considering these people had magic different from anything Luke had ever seen, that might just actually be possible. "Potter, Harry!" It took Luke a few seconds to remember that was suppose to be him. He could literally count the amount of times he'd been called by that name in this new life on his hand. Without a second thought, he made his way forth and allowed the hat to be placed on his head. It screamed. Luke jumped at the noise, not expecting it at all. However, as Luke heard no disturbances in the Hall, he assumed the scream was just in his head. Small blessings. Stupid hat. "You… How are you still sane? How have you maintained your sense of individuality? Luke glared. It wasn't very effective from inside the darkness of the hat. "I have no idea what you mean." "You… You actually won a mental battle with something that ancient… Even if only for a moment, you managed to overcome a Titan through sheer force of will… How were you not destroyed?" "Just sort me already!" Luke snapped. Ah. The Hall reacted to that one. "Why… Why would you… Oh. Oh, I see. That's why. I had thought Slytherin would suit you, but no. There is only one house you belong in. Fascinating." "What are you talking about you ancient old rel-" Luke began. "HUFFLEPUFF!" Luke, stunned, didn't even notice when the hat was taken off his head, or the thunderous applause that came from the Table decorated in gold. Only McGonagall's hand on his back caused him to return to the real world. Smiling up at her, Luke jumped down from the stool and made his way to his new house. He'd expected Slytherin. Still, Luke could work with this. Yes. He could make this work. The meeting with Dumbledore had been… Well, weird. "Where have you been all this time, Mr. Potter? We have been searching for you, you know, for a very long time. Dumbledore was annoyed. Very annoyed. Why? Pomona Sprout had always insisted that she be present when any of her students were called to his office. This had been a tradition the woman had practiced for years, ever since she became the Head of Hufflepuff. Of all the Heads of Houses, perhaps only Severus was the only one who was more hands on with his students. Filius ignored them unless it affected their Academics and Minerva was busy with other duties half the time. As it was, the heads of Hufflepuff and Slytherin were often close, despite what most would assume. Annoyingly, Pomona had managed something even Dumbledore would have not predicted. Snape glared. How that woman convinced Severus to come down here for Harry Potter of all people, Dumbledore would never know. "Away," Luke shrugged. Luke was seriously convinced Professor Snape would actually kill him with that glare. Or, at the very least, light him on fire. "Answer the question, boy!" Snape snapped. Luke lifted his eyes. Black eyes dug into his. Silently, Luke wondered if another child of Hades had escaped Zeus' wrath. That, or a child of Nix. Yikes. Still, Luke met the glare full force. He'd led a rebellion against Gods. A mortal didn't frighten him in the least. "Now, Severus, I'm sure young Harry here has a good explanation, stop that." Pomona interjected. "Yeah, totally." Luke agreed. "See, Severus!" Pomona smiled. Then, she turned to young Harry, "Can you please tell me where you've been, dear?" she smiled at Luke. For a second, Luke could have sworn he was standing before Hestia again. If it wasn't for the fact that Hestia was one of the Virgin Goddesses, he might have actually been convinced he'd somehow come across one of Hestia's wayward children. Luke fidgeted. "I ran away because I didn't like the cupboard they kept shoving me into." Severus froze. No, impossible. The boy had to be lying, there was no way- but… Perunia. Still, her memories had been tampered with to the point where she didn't even remember having a nephew. The woman he remembered was vindictive, but to do that to a child? Pomona, on the other hand… A trembling hand landed on Luke's shoulder. Slowly, he looked up. Pomona smiled at him calmly. "Harry, dear, you can go back to your dormitory. I'll speak with you later, alright?" "Okay!" Luke nodded, jumped up, and turned. "Now, hold on one second, we are not done here!" Dumbledore stood. Pomona turned her smile on him. The Headmaster shuddered. The last time Pomona Sprout had smiled at him like that… "I think it would be best if we discuss things without Mr. Potter present, Headmaster." "Agreed." Snape quipped. Luke made his way out of the Headmaster's office. He could have sworn he heard an explosion, but perhaps that was just his imagination. Either way, the smile faded to calculation. This world… Luke knew it well. He had spent the last few years learning all its dark secrets. He was not pleased. Not pleased at all. And, the thing about Luke Castellan? He was a rebel, through and through. Inciting another revolution would be fun. And, hey, this time he wouldn't be stupid enough to make an alliance with basically Satan to do it. Luke was going to change he Wizarding World, for better or for worse. A/N: Now, why I decided to make Luke a Hufflepuff. At first, it seemed Slytherin, no brainier. Luke is a manipulative individual who plots from the very beginning. Ambition is what drives him. But, then I remembered, Luke is a contrast to Percy. He's basically Percy if Percy had gone dark. Luke is loyal. Luke is kind. Luke feels the Gods have betrayed him, and his loyalty towards them breaks so he turns on them. In the end, his loyalty to Annabeth is what takes out Kronos. He's not so much evil as an antihero who thought he was picking the lesser evil but ended up picking the wrong side. Ultimately, what he wanted was a better life for the campers and for the rejected Gods. He just went about it the wrong way. His loyalty, however, is what his actions are ultimately based off so I made him into a Hufflepuff instead of a Slytherin. Chapter 9 : Luke Castellan, Part 2 Published: 9/9/2016 Warnings: None for this chapter Chapter 11 Luke Castellan Part 2 Luke Castellan's time at Hogwarts was spent forging alliances. To the people of Hufflepuff and, indeed, the school, Harry was a cheerful friendly boy that always stuck out for the people he cared for. However, the Pureblood's of the school did not like Potter. That's not to say all the Purebloods, just those that were used to the old ways. The thing was, Harry Potter always, always, would go out of his way to help the Muggleborns. Luke wanted to start a revolution. To start a revolution, you need followers. You need people who will stand by your side. You need to reach out to those that are oppressed, to those that need a helping hand, to those that look at the world and know it doesn't treat them fairly and want a better life than that. Casually, Luke glanced up towards the Staff table. As always, Professor Dumbledore met his eyes. As always, Luke pushed the old man out of his head- Luke had bested Kronos. Dumbledore, hell, Snape, compared to that, was nothing. However, simply shoving the Headmaster out of his head was a no no. Luke wasn't stupid. Instead, he smiled at the Professor, titled his head, and adopted a confused expression, all the while enjoying the growing anger in Dumbledore's eyes. Most wouldn't be able to tell, but Luke had spent years predicting how others would react based on physical behavior alone. How else would he have known which campers were most likely to swear their allegiance to Kronos, afterall? Luke looked away, contemplating. Already, he had gathered followers. Even as a child, he had not sat idly by. Instead, Luke had run about the country, finding communities of those rejected by the Wizards in their society. The elves, the dwarves, a vampire coven, a werewolf pack. And, of course, there was another, someone currently in this school, someone who was currently a teacher. Luke hid a smirk. He would turn this world upside down. Those that look down upon others, those that belittle the existence of their fellow magicals because of semantics like lineage and magic type… Luke would not forgive it. Luke could not forgive it. He refused. Severus Snape did not know what to think of the boy. He had expected James Potter reborn. The arrogance Potter had shown on his first day had almost but confirmed it. But, instead, he had gotten something else instead. He had attempted to rile the boy, make him go wild, make him anger. He wanted confirmation of his preconceived notions. What he had gotten… Potter had looked Snape in the eye, tilted his head, and asked who had damaged him. Damaged? Him? Severus Snape, the head of Sytherin, damaged? Damaged? Than annoying infuriating devil's spawn! Snape had given him detention on the spot. Unfortunately, word of Potter's actions had spread, and, well… "Here you go Professor," with that, a potted flower was left on Snape's desk before Neville Longbottom ran as fast as his pudgy legs would carry him. Snape twitched. He twitched even more when he realized a lily had been left on his desk. It was always lilies! There could only be one cause, there could only be one source, a source he dare not attack. Severus Snape had feared four things in his life. He had feared Lily Evans, he had feared the wrath of Voldemort, he had feared whatever plots Dumbledore concocted, but last but not least… He feared Pomona Sprout. Snape had heard rumors that the Hufflepuff House had for generations transfigured their foes into the soil they used for their greenhouse. Snape did not know if this was true or not, and, to be blunt, he didn't want to find out. Luke casually leaned against the magic mirror. He had gazed into it out of curiosity earlier, but he didn't find anything that shocked him. Something impossible, something gone, something he could never have again, but nothing impossible. Thalia, at his side. Annabeth, small and adorable and small and looking up at him with admiration. Luke himself had an arm wrapped around Thalia's shoulders. For some reason, Percy Jackson was there, except there was no rage in his eyes. Instead, he was smiling. Alabaster was smiling. Silena was smiling. Chris was smiling. It… It was everything that would have been, Luke realized, if he had never chosen to side with Kronos. Luke was glad. It reminded him of his purpose. It reminded him of why he was here. It reminded him of what he needed to do. "Hello, Professor." "My, my. Potter. Isn't this a surprise. You've been expecting me?" Luke glanced up. At last. "Of course, Professor Quirrell. I've known for a while, actually. All I don't know is the why." Luke gave a shrug as Quirrell eyed him condescendingly. Luke resisted the urge to smirk. "Are they not paying you enough in this backwards excuse for a magic school?" Luke asked as he pushed himself off the mirror and took a step forward. "Payment? Wherever did you get the impression money was involved, my dear boy?" "Hm? Oh, this?" Luke waved the Philosopher's stone around. Luke couldn't help the smirk that left his lips when he felt the stone tug. Quirrell snarled and Luke was forced to dodge out of the way of a flash of light. With a twirl of his hands, the stone was gone and Luke leapt into action. Luke was a son of Hermes, whether he liked it or not. He was not gifted with the same gifts other Demigods had. Hermes was a trickster. He was a thief. He was a being who was quick on his feet. Luke could conjure illusions and it seemed he still could create objects with but a thought like he could when Kronos had been… Preparing his body. Luke couldn't blast his opponent with the elements, he had to be crafty. However, there was one ability, just one, that Luke was grateful to his father for. Surprisingly, it still worked in the castle. Honestly. Albus Dumbledore so needed to upgrade the ward system here, it wasn't even funny. Quirrell blinked as Potter vanished. "Behind you, fool!" Quirrell spun. Luke's foot crashed into the Defense teacher's face. Quirrell gasped before waving his wand. Luke dodged rapidly as curses were flung his way before producing his own wand. Quirrell could only laugh as he batted aside weak first year level spells. Luke had no affinity for magic, after all. However, he did have an affinity for something else. "What," Luke began, "Is that thing growing out of the back of your head?" Quirrell gasped. How- how had that brat stolen his turban? The Defense teacher turned, snarling. Luke smiled innocently at him, purple headpiece in hand, blinking at- was that a face? Blinking at the face that he had seen growing out of his teacher's head. It did not take Luke long to put two and two together. This was it. This was the moment of truth. This was the time to chose. That could only be one person, which meant… Luke glanced at the mirror. Thalia smiled at him before she turned to his counterpart and their lips meant. Luke closed his eyes. He… He wouldn't repeat that. Never. Never again would he throw everything away like he had the first- "Foolish brat!" Luke's body froze. Suddenly, he felt himself topple over. Shit. He'd forgotten Quirrell because of that stupid mirror! "Let me speak to him." "But, Master-" "Do not question me, Quirrell! Allow me to speak to him!" Quirrell sighed and turned. With a wave of his hand, Voldemort have Luke control of his head- and only his head. Another wave and Luke found himself floating. "Harry Potter," Voldemort began, "See what I have become? What I must do to survive? Look at my existence, Potter. What do you see?" Luke glanced the dark lord up and down. There really was only one conclusion. Luke had known for a while that Immortals retained their Immortality because their were multiple versions of them. They could be everywhere at once. Very rarely was a god ever in just one place. In order to challenge Olympus, Kronos had done something insane. He had concentrated most of his being in a single location, inside Luke. That had been his downfall. Looking Voldemort up and down, Luke could only come to one conclusion. He really hoped he was wrong. Luke truly did. Because, if he was right, well then… This whole issue was way more complicated than what he already believed it to be. "You've shattered yourself. Tell me, how many other Voldemort's walk this earth?" Voldemort was visibly startled. Then, the Dark Lord began to shake. Luke wondered if this was how he would die. Hmph. What a wonderful second go at life, death at the age of 11. Then, Voldemort did something Luke had not expected. He smiled. "Yes, you would know about that, wouldn't you, child of Hermes." Luke gasped. What? No, seriously, what? Voldemort lifted his- Quirrell's- arm. "I shall give you a choice, Demigod. Join me. Together, we can change this twisted world. Isn't that what you want? Is it not what you have always wanted? Join me! Together, we can change it all!" Luke closed his eyes. Change it all. Make a life better for those that had been tossed aside. Revenge on those that had wronged him, that had wronged the world, that had wronged everything around him. Luke had been angry. He had been hateful. He had been furious. He… He… He had been in pain. Luke glanced at the mirror. This time, Annabeth smiled at him, small and tiny and clinging to his side. His little sister. His precious little sister. His family. Never again. Looking at her, Luke knew. Never again could he chose the lesser of two evils. Luke turned to stare at Voldemort. This one was just as broken as he was, Luke realized. What kind of person decides to split their own soul? Luke hadn't been sure at first, but Voldemort had all but confirmed it. He'd split his mind, his consciousness, his very being, just like the gods. And, like the gods, Luke realized, it had led to the same fallacy they had. Voldemort was very much insane, Luke realized. He wondered if the Dark Lord could feel anything at all. He wondered what emotions he had tossed aside. "I'd rather die. Again." Voldemort frowned. "A shame, my child. A shame. So be it." Voldemort lifted Quirrell's wand. Luke smiled. Voldemort did not see it coming. One second, Harry Potter was bound before him. The next, Quirrell's head was rolling on the floor, Luke was panting, gripping at his chest, eyes wide with terror. That… That power… That power he had just… Luke shook his head. No. He must have broken the petrification spell. It was perfectly possibly. Children of Hermes were always difficult to chain. Luke made his escape, never noticing the wraith of the Dark Lord escaping. Even if he had, it wouldn't have mattered. As far as Luke was concerned, Voldemort had made literal copies of himself. He had no idea that the reality was far simpler. "Get away from him!" Luke snapped. The snake curled up on itself, looking at him like a child that just got chasted. Then, the snake hissed at him before turning back towards Justin. Luke rolled his eyes, lifted his wand, and blasted the area before the snake. The snake jumped before looking back towards him. "I said, enough. I know you understand me." The snake glared. "Let me bite just one! These wretched humans summon me and my kind all the time! What of my precious eggs? The sooner I get this over with, the better." Luke blinked. Then, he turned to look at Malfoy who was staring at him with wide eyes and jaw dropped. Luke rolled his eyes. "Yes, I can speak to- what's your name, dear?" "Natalia." "Natalia here. Least it isn't Martha," Luke whispered to himself. "She says she wants you and your Slytherin friends to stop summoning her and that she has eggs to take care of. Also, she hates humans and- what was that, Natalia?" "I smell a rat. But it smells like a man. Odd." Luke blinked. "That's nice, dear. Do you want me to send it back now, Natalia? "Yes, please! You're much nicer than that other boy who could speak to us." Luke froze. "Other boy?" "Ah, yes. I forget his name. Dark hair. Pale complexion. He's around here somewhere. I smell him still. Goodbye!" With that, Natalia seemingly poofed herself out of existence. Huh. Interesting. Luke had no idea conjured animals could do that. Or, apparently, as Natalia had informed him, summoned creatures. Luke glanced around, seeing wide eyed stares. "What? I just spoke to the snake. If you think that's weird, I once knew a kid who could speak to horses and another who could speak to… All animals actually." Luke tiled his head. Grover could speak to all animals, correct? Not that Luke cared much for Grover. That one and his failures were the source of all of Luke's woes. Honestly, they should have just left him to die. "That's- that's- that's a Slytherin trait!" Malfoy declared, pointing wildly. "Maybe he's the heir!" "A Hufflepuff, the Heir of Slytherin? Come off it!" "Maybe it's just a ruse! Maybe he infiltrated from within!" "But he's friend's with Muggleborns!" "Duh, so he can gain their trust before, bam!" Luke twitched. "I assume Godric Gryffindor was a lion charmer which would probably mean he was best friends with the Romans, Helga Hufflepuff learned Earthbending from badgers, and Rowena Ravenclaw spoke to birds, hummed, and danced with woodland animals." Luke deadpanned. Several people stared. "No! That didn't happen!" Luke gave the kid a look. "Were you there? For all you know, it totally happened." and, with that, Luke spun and left. He couldn't be bothered with idiots who thought him the Heir of Slytherin for being able to speak to snakes. So could everyone else in the Hermes cabin, after all. Luke eyed the diary in his hands wearily. So… This was how Voldemort had done it. He had to admit. This… This was not what he was expecting. On the other hand, Voldemort was no god. He was a human, and as such bound by mortal laws. Still, this was a good sign. Perhaps… Luke wondered, could he restore Voldemort? This insane version of him was a threat. A Voldemort on his side, though… Luke considered. Yes. With that, Luke could change this world. With a wave of his hand, the diary vanished just like the Philosopher's Stone had. Luke prepared himself for whatever came next. The school was relieved when the attacks randomly stopped. Luke was not. He was proven right when the Basilisk- which turned out to be a bloody Drakon, shattered it's way out of the girl's bathroom and into the Grand Hall. He really wished he had Clarisse as back up. Wait, no. Luke took that back. Clarisse would likely kill him first before fighting the Drakon. On the bright side, this one was smaller than the one he had literally set on New York during the Battle of Manhattan. Time to prove himself a hero. What a way to make a name for himself, right? "Students! Beneath the tables, do not look at- HARRY POTTER!" A few students dared to look up. What they saw shocked them. A twelve year old boy hissing and snarling at a snake while swinging a sword was an odd sight indeed. The Basilisk turned towards Luke and smiled at him. It's smile faded when instead of dying like all others who gazed into her eyes, Luke grinned and fell upon her. The Basilisk hissed as Luke's Celestial Bronze blade- and he truly did wonder how it got into his vault at Gringotts in the first place- slashed down upon it's belly. Luke dodged back as the Basilisk attempted to smash him with it's head. "What are you? Why will you not die!" Luke grinned up at the beast. "Half Immortal. Has perks, you know." Luke was a Demigod. Demigods are built for battle. It's ingrained into their DNA. A Demigod is stronger, faster, and a quicker thinker than any normal human. Demigods many times have gifts inherited from their bloodline. As much as Luke didn't like it, he had gifts from Hermes. Luke was a master thief. He was a mischief maker. And, most importantly… Luke Castellan could actively teleport himself. Even the barriers of Camp Half Blood had failed against him. Okay, so Luke was being aided by Kronos at the time, but semantics. Luke was a powerful Demigod. He always had been. How else could he have even be considered a host for a Titan Lord? It was these instincts, these skills as a Demigod, that enabled Luke to dodge out of the way. The Basilisk knocked over one of the tables. Luke snarled. This wasn't turning out well. Someone would end up dead unless… Unless… Suddenly, an arch of pure lighting blasted through the hall. Luke could not help but flinch back as a blast even Thalia would have failed to produce struck the Basilisk. He had intended to teleport himself and the Basilisk- something Luke didn't exactly think possible since his version of teleportation didn't really take him far, it was more about making quick getaways than travel- and the head exploded in a shower of guts. Slowly, Luke turned. Albus Dumbledore was marching down the center of the Hall, eyes lit with utter fury. At last, Luke understood. This was Albus Dumbledore. This was the only wizard Tom Riddle had ever feared. This was a man that even Percy Jackson would struggle to defeat in combat. "Harry Potter, what in Merlin's name-" Dumbledore began. Luke snapped his fingers. "Was never here, everyone." then, Luke grinned and ran. He'd been practicing with the Mist and had learned he could actually ensnare students with it. Dumbledore blinked as Luke made his way towards his fellow Hufflepuffs. Just what was that boy thinking? Dumbledore was about to give him a piece of his mind when he noticed that literally no one but he had noticed anything amiss. Dumbledore narrowed his eyes in suspicion. Unknown to Luke, the art of Occlumency was a powerful one. The Aurors he had faced had shrugged off the Mist's effects because all of them were required to learn it. As it was, Dumbledore was not even mildly phased by the Mist like those Auror's had been- Dumbledore had seen through it all. With a glance, Dumbledore noticed one other person unaffected- Severus Snape. Dumbledore pondered what this meant and what steps to take next. On the bright side, the boy was willing to challenge a Basilisk- willing to die. And he had to die. Harry Potter had to fall, for the greater good, because there was no other way to kill Lord Voldemort, and Dumbledore knew it. Chapter 10 : Grimmjow Part 1 A/N: You know, when I was writing Grimmjow I realized he reminded me a lot of another Anime/Manga character. Does anyone else think Grimmjow is basically Eren Jeager on steroids? Also, I someone pointed out I tried to shove too much into one of the Luke chapters so… I'm going to try to write longer chapters from now on. Poll: (Note: Poll can be found here . 1st: Bleach 2nd: Naruto 3rd: Doctor Who, Percy Jackson, Supernatural, X-Men Movies 4th: Avengers, Final Fantasy VII 5th: Deadpool, Star Wars Clone Wars/Rebels 6th: Buffy/Angel, Charmed, Danny Phantom, Devil May Cry, Kingdom Hearts, Young Justice Numerous Others Number of Voters: 59 Published: 9/11/2016 Warnings: SPOILERS for the Thousand Year Blood War Arc, in case any of you have not read it. Also, swearing. Lots of swearing. This is a Bleach crossover, afterall. Violence and child abuse. Chapter 10 Grimmjow Part 1 Grimmjow Jaegerjaquez was not pleased. He was not pleased at all. Grimmjow was the King! He was the most powerful of the Espada! He was superior! Out of them all, Grimmjow knew that his strength surpassed that of the others. And, with Aizen out of the picture, Grimmjow knew that there was now no limit to his potential. The only one who could possibly have stood in his way was Tier Harribel, but now… Now… "BOY! THAT BETTER NOT BE THE BACON I SMELL BURNING!" Reduced to this. Grimmjow was a being that fed on destruction. That was what he was, what he had always been. Chaos and ruin were his game. Grimmjow knew in his heart that a being like him could never create. He wasn't built for that. He had hardly batted an eyelash when his Numeros had fallen in combat. So what if they had been with him for centuries? So what if he had protected them and ruled over them since before Kurosaki's grandparents were even born? So what if he had been with them since he was on the verge of becoming a Vasto Lord, so what, so what, so what! Grimmjow didn't care. They were gone. He had survived. The strong always survived. That was the way of Hueco Mundo. And, Grimmjow was strong. He had survived the Fall of Hueco Mundo. While Harribel had been enchained by the Quincy, Grimmjow had spent years training for his rematch- he would show Kurosaki which one of them was truly superior. And, Grimmjow had grown more powerful in that time, strong enough to crush that annoying human Soul Reaper Arrancar hybrid- just what in the wild hell was Kurosaki anyways? "BOY!" Right. It no longer mattered. It no longer mattered that Grimmjow had probably one of the most powerful beings to ever grace the world with his presence. For, you see, Grimmjow, along with that annoying hat wearing cane wielding con man, Urahara, and his pet kitty Yoruichi, had all fallen before one of Yhwach's Quincy bastards. On the bright side, they'd taken Le Vaar down with them. How a Quincy managed to match not only Grimmjow, but two former Taichos of the Gotei 13 at the same time was beyond Grimmjow. However, if there is anything Grimmjow can appreciate, it's power. Normally, dying at the hands of such an opponent wouldn't be so bad, if it wasn't for two tiny little details. That fucking bastard cheated, and Grimmjow Jaegerjaquez, the mighty Sexta Espada, had been reduced to… To… To… "BOY!" Grimmjow was spun around. "WHAT THE BLOODY HELL IS THAT, BOY!" Grimmjow's new uncle, if that man could be called as such, pointed wildly at the burned bacon. Grimmjow glared. "I'M THREE YOU FAT FUCKIN' PIECE OF LARD SHIT!" The resonating smack knocked Grimmjow to his knees. This… This he would never forgive. He could forgive everything else, but this right here? Grimmjow shook. This… degrading… someone would pay. Grimmjow would make them pay. He was going to destroy. Destroy, destroy, destroy! "You disgusting little cretin! We took you in, bathed you clothed you! You should show us the respect we deserve and pull your weight around this place, freak!" Grimmjow's head snapped up. Barring his teeth, the child glared and was satisfied when his so called Uncle flinched back. Another blow came, however, and Grimmjow's head knocked into the ground, hard, rendering him unconscious. Grimmjow Jaegerjaquez's had been reborn into this life as Harry Potter. That in itself he did not mind. However… Once he found the fucker that sealed his powers, and Grimmjow could tell his power had been sealed, he would slaughter them. Tear into them with his teeth, slice into them with Pantera. After killing the Dursley's, of course. Considering his treatment, Grimmjow was confident none of them would make it to the Soul Society or even to Hueco Mundo. They would drown in the darkness, they would be dragged straight down into Hell itself. What Grimmjow did not know was this. Had he not been reborn as Harry Potter, Harry would have still suffered the same abuse he had. But, Harry had been different. Harry had been a scared little boy. Harry had realized that he needed to survive. Harry had been crafty. He had appealed to whatever better nature his relatives had. Grimmjow was no child. He was a warrior, a fighter, and he refused to give ground. Grimmjow was Ichigo Kurosaki without motives, without friends to hold him back, without something precious tying him down. As such, Grimmjow had rebelled. He had fought back. Each blow he returned, eyes wild with rage. They thought they could crush him? Grimmjow would break them! Grimmjow had lost it all, and he was a wounded beast. He had lost everything, and his response was simply. Destroy, destroy, destroy! Hidden in the recess of Grimmjow's mind and soul, Eren Jaeger watched on with a slight eye twitch. So, this is what all that hatred and ranting about how he was going to kill them all got him in the end. Huh. At least it wiped out the Titans. When the letters first started coming, Grimmjow didn't see any of them at all. In fact, he wasn't aware they existed at all. For, you see, Grimmjow was… A wild child, to put it mildly. Even Vernon, despite being several times Grimmjow's size, struggled to keep the child down whenever Grimmjow decided he'd have a little fun. It was a miracle he hadn't winded up in a Juvenile Detention Center, actually. He had once beat the shit out of a couple of the Bobby's, though. That had been fun. As it was, Grimmjow's violent tendencies resulted in many changes Harry would not have experienced. One such change was… Grimmjow had his own bedroom, much to Dudley's chargrim. Oh, sure, it had bars and there was a bloody fucking cat flap were Grimmjow received his 'meals', but whatever. However, because Grimmjow was basically kept prisoner to prevent him from literally tearing up the neighborhood, Grimmjow never received his Hogwarts letter. Albus Dumbledore frowned. This would not do. This would not do at all. He needed Harry Potter to come to Hogwarts, and his lack of response meant one thing. Petunia was acting as he had predicted. She was attempting to keep the child from the magic she so feared. Dumbledore knew that woman was terrified of magic, and he knew that such vivid fear often turns to hatred, but he had placed young Harry there anyways. Better an ignorant child then a self centered and over confident one. However, there was one major issue. Dumbledore remembered the night of the Potter's assassination. When he had received the child from Hagrid, Dumbledore had been surprised by the amount of spiritual power Harry had exhibited. It matched even his own! Dumbledore had been forced to suppress said power. It had been the only choice, really. Had he acted differently, he had no doubt young Harry would have burned out his magical core. Perhaps this spike in spiritual energy was what prevented Voldemort from killing him? Dumbledore could only guess. As it was, Harry had tremendous amount of spiritual power that was locked away within his body. Dumbledore was a cautious man. He knew that powerful emotions could shatter away even the strongest of seals. Sending Hagrid, therefore, would be foolish. Should young Harry unleash the magic Dumbledore had chained away, the backlash could potentially be felt on the other side of the planet. Because of that, there was only one choice. However, Dumbledore knew this really wasn't going to go over well. Regardless, he had little choice in the matter. "You wished to see me, Headmaster?" Dumbledore smiled, elbows on his desk and fingers crossed as he looked up. "Ah, yes Severus. Please have a seat. There is much we must discuss." Severus Snape was angry. He was furious. He was completely and utterly disgusted. How dare that old fool? Who did he think he was, forcing Snape to do this? Had anyone else demanded it, Snape would have cursed them on the spot. As it was, Snape owed his current status as a non Azkaban resident to the Headmaster, so he had little choice but to obey the will of Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore. Bah. Too many bloody names. Snape walked forth and knocked. Patiently, he waited as he heard the Dursley's scutter behind the door. Snape glared. He did not have all day! He had things to do! The door swung open. "Hello? Pleased to meet you, Mr- YOU! Begone!" Ah. So Petunia did recognize him. Wonderful. Snape caught the door as she attempted to slam it in his face. "I've come to give the boy his letter, Petunia. You know, the one you should have already given him." "We swore when we took him in that there would be no unnaturalism in this house! And, we succeeded!" Petunia smirked at him. Snape felt his blood turn cold. "Beat it out him, my Vernon did! His eyes used to glow blue, you know! That wretched magic," Petunia spat, "But Vernon set him straight! Of course, it turned him into a violent little hooligan, but at least he isn't one of those freaks like-" Snape had had enough. With a wave of his wand, Petunia was knocked backwards. Snarling, Snape stomped into the house. "What is this? You are breaking and entering, s-" Vernon didn't get to finish. He was bound and silenced with a wave of Snape's wand. "Dad? Dad? WHAT DID YOU DO TO MY DADDY AND MY MUMMY!" The child would have wailed more had Snape not silenced him as well. Snape grabbed the child by the chin and forced him to look at his eyes. "Sleep, boy." Dudley fought it. He truly did. But, it was of no use. His eyes shuttered close and he fell to the ground without a sound. Then, Snape waved his wand once more. Upstairs. Potter was upstairs. Leaving the Dursley's behind, Snape began to storm his way up the stairs. Beat the magic out of Lily's son? Snape was furious. If it was true, oaths be damned, he would kill Albus Dumbledore himself, he would strike down the so called most powerful sorcerer of their age, he- The door to Potter's room exploded in a mess of splinters. Snape covered his eyes in surprise, and it cost him as a tiny body collided with his own and shoved him over the stairs. Snape spun and, had he not been a wizard, he was sure he would have broken a leg. The Dursleys sat off to the side, staring with wide eyes. Snape glared up the stairs, were a young Harry Potter- had the boy dyed his blasted hair blue?- stood before the remains of the door. "I don't know who the fuck you are, batface, but yah chose the wrong house to fuckin' mug!" Screw it. Snape was going to kill Dumbledore, period, for making him put up with all this shit in the first place. "Do you… Do you remember it?" Grimmjow could only stare. "The fuck kinda question is that? No, seriously, what the hell? I'm done with you." with that, Grimmjow turned away. Figures. His parents just had to be dead. He wondered, briefly, if they had died in his first life as well, before Hueco Mundo. Where had he come from, who had he been, what had been his name? Once upon a time, Grimmjow had searched for answers. However, he found that in the end he just didn't care. Just like he didn't care that his parents in this life were dead too. Nope, didn't care at all. As the time passed, more people came into the compartment. A stupid blond had tried to play superior. Grimmjow had responded by breaking his face. "My 'ather will 'ere 'bout this!" the boy shouted, covering his nose as blood gushed out. Behind him, Grimmjow heard Ron snort. Grimmjow glared. "Your daddy? You just lost whatever respect I had for you, brat. Need daddy to save you, huh? Go on then. Go running to daddy. Just remember…" Grimmjow got in close and Malfoy backed away, fear in his eyes, "The Panther always get's it's prey, no matter what obstacles stand in it's way." Grimmjow grinned before tossing the kid out. He wasn't sure if what he said about panthers was true or not, but Grimmjow knew panthers were his spirit animal. Obviously, if they were his spirit animal, they had to be just as badass as he was. "That was wicked!" Ron grinned. Despite himself, Grimmjow couldn't help but grin back. Then, he put an arm around Ron, who looked at him oddly. "Kid… I think we might just get along." Grimmjow had lost his Numeros, but that didn't mean he couldn't rebuild. And he would rebuild. He would rebuild them greater and stronger than ever before. Okay, so this brat had annoyed him, but… Grimmjow sensed potential. He also sensed potential in that annoying blond, but he wouldn't be bothered with that one until he got his head out of his ass and stopped ranting about his daddy. Honestly. How pathetic was that? The next people who came in were looking for a toad. "The hell do you care about a toad that keeps runnin' away? Get a cat. Cat's are badass little fuckers." he then lifted his own adorable little orange cat. He had named it Ichigo, simply because the look on Kurosaki's face if they ever met again would be gold. The girl, Hermion Grimmjow thought she said her name was, gaped at him. "That- that- that sort of language will get you in trouble!" Grimmjow deadpanned. "The fuck do I care?" then, he proceeded to pet Ichigo, who purred in delight. Hermione could only gape. Neville didn't know what to do. Then, Grimmjow motioned to the seat next to him. "Forget the toad, kid. If it keeps runnin', let it be free." "But- but- Uncle Algie gave it to me after I finally showed magic when he tossed me out the window!" Grimmjow raised a single eyebrow. Across from him, he noticed Ron wasn't surprised at all but the girl looked horrified. "He tossed you outta window? Sounds like he was tryin' to off ya, brat. For all you know, the toad's poison. I mean, it's a toad." Grimmjow shrugged. Seriously? A toad? Then again, Grimmjow was from a country where the local Mythology included a Toad Sage… "No! He wanted to see if I had magic! My uncle-" Neville defended. "Sounds as nice as mine," Grimmjow interrupted, lifting his shirt. The others gasped at the scars that littered his body. Neville's face became green. "Right bastard, he is. Come on, forget the toad. You too, bush hair." "Bu- bush hair! How dare you!" the girl snapped. Grimmjow grinned. "What else do you want me to call you?" "My name!" "I don't know your name, sweetheart. Hermes, I think?" Grimmjow tilted his head. "HERMIONE!" "Ah. That. Cool. Come on, sit." Grimmjow motioned. Hermione glared but did as told after Neville did too. She had never had many friends, after all. While Ron looked uncomfortable at her very presence, the other two boys seemed to want her here so maybe she could finally get along with her yearmates for once. Grimmjow grinned. He could sense their magic, and he knew all three had potential. He'd rebuild his Kingdom. Grimmjow was the King, and the Wizarding World? Grimmjow would conquer it. But, even Kings need minions. Yes, that's what they would be. Just minions. At last, they made their way into the Great Hall. Grimmjow patiently awaited his turn, which for him was a real feat. At last, he was summoned. "GRYFFINDOR! GRYFFINDOR! I don't think I've ever sorted anyone more a Gryffindor than you, now get me off his head!" the Sorting Hat bellowed. Grimmjow made his way towards the house of Red and Gold as they cheered. With a look, Grimmjow glanced at the Staff table. Severus nodded at Grimmjow and Grimmjow grinned right back before sitting down. Of course, they were on him rather quickly. Grimmjow smirked. He could get used to this. Grimmjow stared transfixed at the Mirror of Erised. What… What the utter fuck? This had to be a lie. It was a lie! It was a goddamn lie! This wasn't what he wanted! It was never what he had wanted! Grimmjow was the King, he was supreme, there was no one better than him! Grimmjow needed no one, Grimmjow was the best! Grimmjow… Grimmjow… Saw himself surrounded by several others. That blasted bastard Kurosaki was at his side, those idiot minions he had begun to recruit were there, his old Numeros were there, James Potter and Lily Evans were there and- and- NO! NO! Grimmjow needed no one! He needed nothing! How- how fucking dare this piece of shit mirror lie to him like this? Grimmjow shook. His fist clenched. For the first time in years, his eyes glowed blue with suppressed power. Grimmjow growled, lifted his hand, and let a blast of pure energy lose. He grinned as the mirror was obliterated before making his way out of the room. Hidden in the shadows, Albus Dumbledore could only gape. What… What in the world was that? Grimmjow had always avoided Professor Quirrell. Unlike everyone else, Grimmjow had known from the start that Quirrell was more dangerous than he appeared. In fact, if Grimmjow didn't know any better, he'd say that Quirrell could potentially match one of the Espada, but, well… The power didn't feel like it was his. Grimmjow didn't know how to describe it. Quirrell's power would spike and drop randomly throughout the day. Once, it was as high as Stark's. The next, it was the strength of Kurosaki's little sister Yuzu who Grimmjow only knew because she liked cats. Grimmjow had always vowed that if anything happened to Kurosaki he would at least protect Yuzu. Hey, cat lovers must unite! Speaking of cats… "Did you get him, Ichi?" Ichigo mewled before depositing an trembling rat before Grimmjow. Grimmjow grinned as the rat tried to run. Without a second thought, Grimmjow stabbed a quill through it's tail, pinning it. Scabbers screamed. "Hello, little guy. Now, I can tell you're human. I can sense it, you know." Grimmjow revealed, smirking. "So… Show me your true form. Or, I can let Ichi play with you." Grimmjow shrugged. The rat squealed. Grimmjow turned to look at his cat. "You'd like that, wouldn't you, Ichi?" Ichigo looked rather eager. The rat cried out one last time as Ichigo pounced before there was a flash of light. Grimmjow blinked. Huh. He expected someone naked, like Yoruichi. Instead, what he got was fat little man covered in filth. "So… Who are you?" Grimmjow asked. "I see. So, you did survive." Eyes wide, Grimmjow spun. Just how in the hell had anyone managed to sneak up on him? Grimmjow's senses were that of an alpha predator! Sneaking up on him should be completely and utterly- A stunner blasted Grimmjow into the wall. Eyeing the child with distaste, Quirrell turned to Pettigrew. "Hello, Peter. It's been so long." When Grimmjow awoke, it was to find someone had unsuccessfully tried to alter his memory. Ha! Joke was on Quirrell. Those with high spiritual pressure were perfectly capable of resisting such attempts on their minds. His second thought was shit. His third was rage. Ichigo… Grimmjow picked up his cat and, for the first time in years, allowed himself to cry. "Meow." "I can still hear his tiny kitten voice! Don't worry, Ichi! I will avenge you!" "Meow!" "It's getting pretty loud… I guess I cared for you more than I thought… It's okay, Ichi! I'll make them pay!" "MEOW" "Owe!" Tiny claws dug themselves in Grimmjow's leg. Glancing down, Grimmjow gasped as he saw his cat- who, apparently, had been turned into a mini ghost cat. "Ichi!" Grimmjow grinned. Then, he looked at the cat corpse to the cat spirit. Hm. How exactly did Gigais work again? Bah, he'd figure it out eventually. Hogwarts had ghosts. Grimmjow had been in this blasted school for two years and he had no idea that Hogwarts had ghosts. Or that, apparently, Ron and Hermione, two of his most loyal bitches, had apparently been to a party with them. Grimmjow was offended. Why wasn't he invited? He was a killer at ghost parties. Unknown to Grimmjow, the ghosts avoided him like a plague. He was an Arrancar, and they could sense it. Arrancars tend to devour souls, literally, so best stay away from one. "Enemies of the Heir Beware! You'll be next, Mudbloods!" Grimmjow looked up at the message. Hm. "Huh. Pretty idiotic, declaring his intent from the start." Grimmjow said, a finger in his ear. The students froze. "Wha- what is that suppose to mean, Potter!" Malfoy glared. Grimmjow turned to him. "Instead of hiding in the shadows, he declares what he's going to do from the- is that Mrs. Noris?" Grimmjow suddenly realized, eyes fixed on the frozen cat. "Yes! There will be punishment! My cat! My precious cat!" Filch cried. "Agreed! We'll tear them limb from limb, cut them to fuckin' shreds! Who the hell did this! I'm gonna rip out their-" Grimmjow thundered. Filch looked at Grimmjow with new appreciation. At last. Someone who understood. The students were confused. "Why is Potter so pissed?" "He's bonkers for cats." Seamus Finnigan spoke. "Cats? "Yep. Love's the little bastards, he do- oh shit!" Seamus leapt back. "WHAT DID YOU SAY ABOUT CATS!" Grimmjow, who had apparently heard him, had suddenly appeared before him, spitting all over Seamus' face. "Students! Return to your dormitories at once!" Well. That was that. Grimmjow stared. "I… I can speak to snakes…" "He's the Heir of Slytherin!" someone shouted. Grimmjow shook. Then, he glared at the ceiling. "I asked for the ability to talk to cats, you dense mother fucker!" The Hall quieted down. "Yeah… Potter's not the Heir. He's too cat crazed. "WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT!" The student jumped. Unfortunately, so did half the school so Grimmjow never learned who dared speak of cats like that in his presence. Tom Riddle was startled when a hand pinned him to the wall. "Harry? Harry, what are you-" Tom began. "Who the fuck are you and what are you doing in Minon Red's little sis?" Tom was startled. A crowd had formed. "What's Potter doing to Weasley?" "He's gone mad, hasn't he?" "He's always been mad, didn't you know?" "HARRY POTTER!" Grimmjow turned his head as his favorite teacher, Snape, made his way down. One would expected McGonagall, but… Snape was literally the only adult in this damn place that didn't treat Grimmjow like he was a child that needed to be coddled. "Professor Wayne," Grimmjow acknowledged, ignoring the Muggleborn snorts. Then, he turned to Ginny. "This girl is possessed." Grimmjow was about to prove that when- "GET AWAY FROM MY SISTER!" Grimmjow was impressed. It seemed Ron Weasley had balls after all. Tom smirked. Time to make his departure. He would let the Weasley girl take control again. Then, at last, he would be- A silver doe collided with him and Tom screeched. All eyes turned away from Ron Weasley and Harry Potter wrestling on the ground towards Ginny Weasley, whose eyes had turned black as she gave a banshee like scream. Then, the girl collapsed. "I see… She was possessed. 10 points to Gryffindor, Mr. Potter." the students gasped. What? "Now, we will have to perform an Exorcism on the girl." Snape looked troubled at the thought. "She should be fine afterwards," he placated Weasley before levitating Ginny into the air, "And, of course, her parents must be informed. Back to classes! Nothing to see here!" Sirius Black had been imprisoned for so long. It had been so many years. He couldn't even remember at this point. Did it matter? Did anything matter? James was dead. Lily was dead. Remus hated him. Peter had been broken by Voldemort. Everything had gone to hell, and Sirius hated it. He hated the world. He hated himself. It was then that the side of his cell exploded. Sirius leapt up, startled, staring at the hole. A single figure stepped forth, shrouded in smoke "Sirius Black. Do you have any idea how hard it was tracking you? Hell, do you have any idea how fucking hard it was to weezle enough energy through the seal to free you? "Who are you!" Sirius shouted. The figure stepped out of the smoke and Sirius' jaw dropped. Blue glowing eyes grinned at him. "Your fucking godson. Come on, let's get you out of this place." Remus Lupin didn't know what to think of Harry. He was… Well, he was nothing like his parents. He could never remember them loving cats, for one. James had been a trouble maker, yes, but compared to Harry, James had been the model student. Harry also seemed to inspire others, surprisingly. In fact, the Malfoy boy had recently fallen under Harry's wing. How that happened was beyond Remus. Most mysterious of all, however… "What do you mean he and Snape get along!?" This… This made no sense! Snape had hated James! It had been his only personality trait in school, Remus remembered. It was all Snape had lived for. Yet, now he and Harry got along? This made no sense! It was impossible! It had to be a lie! It… It was just so weird! How on earth had this happened? Dumbledore nodded. "I'm afraid so, ever since Severus took Harry from his previous guardians." Remus' head shot up. "Took from his relatives? Elaborate, Professor." "Of course, my dear boy." Dumbledore nodded. "Years ago, Harry was not receiving his letters. As it was, Snape was the only member of the staff not busy." Dumbledore amended. More like the only member of the staff who could handle Harry if he went rogue. Remus stared in disbelief. "The only staff member?" Dumbledore sighed. "Snape knew Petunia as children-" "PETUNIA!" Remus interrupted, gazing at Dumbledore in shock. Dumbledore blinked. What was the problem? "That woman hates magic, Dumbledore! I wouldn't be surprised if she attempted to beat the magic out of Harry!" Dumbledore flinched. That was all the confirmation Remus needed. So it was that Dumbledore walked into breakfast the next morning with a broken nose. The year passed without incident. Well, without incident except the Dementors, but they didn't bother Grimmjow. In fact, they were his new bitches. They recognized Grimmjow as superior- because, let's face it, Grimmjow is- and obeyed his every command. As such, the Quidditch Cup was theirs! Ha! No way Grimmjow would lose to that Hufflepuff pretty boy! The only problem had been with Snape and Sirius. When Grimmjow had brought Sirius home, well… Snape hadn't reacted well. Grimmjow was actually surprised the house was still standing afterwards. Silently, he wondered if they were still acting like mature adults. Regardless, there was one more piece Grimmjow needed. He needed to bring Remus Lupin into the fold. He needed to prepare. He needed to be ready. Dumbledore was troubled. Sirius Black had escaped from Azkaban and had not been seen since. Remus had been outed at the end of the year because the Defense Curse always gets it's way, and now Remus was gone. Except… Remus and Snape had been on good terms in the end. Remus. And Snape. There could only be one cause. There could only be one person. Dumbledore narrowed his eyes. He had feared from the beginning, but, after examining the damage at Azkaban there could only be one conclusion. "Harry… My dear boy, have you followed the path of Tom Riddle before you?" Yes, Harry had delivered the Diary. Yes, Harry had defended his classmates. Yes, Harry was a Gryffindor. But, there was a darkness in his eyes, a fire, a fury. Dumbledore feared. For the first time in years, the idea of setting up Harry's ultimate demise at the hands of Voldemort no longer frightened Dumbledore. No, instead, he pondered on how to eliminate both for good. Albus Dumbledore loved the Wizarding World in it's entirety, and he'd be damned before he let another Voldemort rise and destroy all he had stood to protect. Dumbledore's eyes burned. Tom Riddle and Harry Potter… Two boys torn from the same clothe. He had hesitated with Tom. He would not do so with Harry, now that he recognized the signs. If Harry could not be stopped, he would destroy him, plain and simple, no matter how much the thought ached at his heart. Elsewhere, alarms blared. Mayuri Kurotsuchi sighed as he made his way down to see what the problem was. Glancing at the computer, his eyes widened. What? No, what? Impossible! But, it seemed… An Arrancar had been reborn instead of ending up in the Soul Society… An Arrancar that had fallen in the Soul King's Palace, the only Arrancar that had fallen there and fought alongside them- Neliel did not count. Where she'd run off to was unknown to Mayuri and, indeed, everyone else. An Espada. The Sexta, to be precise, whom had fallen alongside that fool Urahara. Mayuri smirked. Yes, he could work with this. He would get that Espada, and perform his experiments. What secrets would he learn from this curious development? Unknown to Mayuri, he was not alone in the room. Another stood in the shadows. Without a though, they leapt out the back. Ichigo had to know of this. All the pieces were finally falling into place. Chapter 11 : Grimmjow Part 2 A/N: So… This chapter was almost delayed. Almost. Had a really busy day today. And, you people are awesome and there isn't a tie this week so I'm only writing one chapter! Yay :) Also, I've created a one shot on Grimmjow's past life as Eren Jaegar. It really fits when you think about it. Enjoy :) Published: 9/17/2016 Warnings: SPOILERS for the Bleach Manga ending. Chapter 13 Grimmjow Part 2 Ichigo Kurosaki sighed. After the war, after all the struggles, he… Well, he'd been bored, actually, not that he'd ever admit it. Ichigo had succeeded where even Yamamoto had failed. He had done the one task even the Head Captain could not. He had executed Yhwach, the Father of all Quincys. Actually, Ichigo still wasn't exactly sure how he'd won. Yhwach had literally drained Ichigo of his powers. He had shattered Ichigo's Bankai. The Son of the Soul King hadn't even bothered to use Ryujin Jakka against Ichigo. Scratch that, Yhwach hadn't bothered to even use his own Quincy Vollstandig. Did Yhwach even have one of those? Sometimes, Ichigo wondered if how they had ended things had really just been a dream. For one, Tsukishima had shown up out of nowhere and restored Ichigo's Bankai. Something about owing him? Ginjo had been standing there to the side, too. Then, Aizen of all people had decided to help him defeat Yhwach. That in itself was not so shocking. Aizen had no interest in destroying the world. You can't rule over something that no longer exists, after all. No… What was strange was how it all ended. Ichigo had literally been slaughtered the first round. He had suspected there was a property of Tensa Zangetsu that would prove fatal to the Quincy overlord. Why else would he have bothered shattering it in the first place before Ichigo even had a chance to use it? Ichigo knew, from experience, that Yhwach could change the future to his liking. It was like Tsukishima, only worse. Tsukishima altered the past. Yhwach altered the future. How, then, had Yhwach not seen that Aizen would ensnare him in an illusion? … How the hell had Aizen done that anyways? Kyoka Suigetsu was long gone. It had shattered when Aizen had rejected it years ago. Then again, if meeting Koga Kuchki had taught Ichigo anything… It was that the Zanpakuto's power reflected it's master's natural affinity, not the other way around. Then again, Yhwach had broken through the web of lies Aizen had forged rather easily. It hadn't taken him long. Their victory had come from Uryu, who had shown up out of nowhere with a weapon that conveniently would disable Yhwach for a short period. … Why Uryu hadn't been stripped of his powers, actually, was what troubled Ichigo the most. It made him ponder. It made him think. Ichigo was smarter than people gave him credit for. Oh, sure, he was insane enough that he had actually begun to enjoy Kenpachi popping out of nowhere for a 'rematch', but that mean that Ichigo was stupid, especially when it came to battle and war. Ichigo was a fighter at heart. He may have fought to protect those he loved, that may have been his highest motivation, his reason behind all his actions, but… The Hollow in his heart had not been born from Ichigo's darker emotions. That Hollow had been Ichigo's core feelings, what flowed within him, the heart of his being. His Hollow, when it had taken control, had always done exactly what Ichigo had wanted, he now realized. His Hollow had always defended him, always pushed him, always made him better, made him stronger. His Hollow had defended him against adversaries and, once, had even taken Ichigo over completely and had, well… Ichigo Kurosaki had only one true loss to his name, only one opponent that had bested him and that he had failed to surpass and defeat in kind. Ichigo had not killed Ulquiorra. Zangetsu had, in a pissed off moment of utter rage and destructiveness. Zangetsu was Ichigo's instincts honed to their finest. Yhwach may have attempted to break that bond, but it was still there. Ichigo had always been a Demi-Hollow. He had been a Demi-Hollow as long as he had been a Quincy. Perhaps that had been what Yhwach had feared. Ichigo was a mystery. He was not something that should exist. The power of Hollows and the power of Quincy's were direct contradictory forces. They destroyed one another to the point were a Hollow could destroy a Quincy's soul and a Quincy could destroy a Hollow's soul. Yet Ichigo existed. Ichigo lived. And both powers found home within his Zanpakuto. Yhwach may have stripped Ichigo of Quincy powers, but… "Come on, King! Let's go find something to fight! Something to kill! Maybe there are stronger adversaries all over the globe?" Zangetsu was very much alive. Unfortunately, his Quincy half was gone and all that was left was the Hollow half of Ichigo's Zanpakuto, so… There was literally nothing stopping the bastard from ranting in Ichigo's head anymore. "Go away, Shiro!" Ichigo snapped. "Oh yeah, 'Shiro'. How utterly original." Ichigo could hear the eyeroll in that statement. "Well, that was the name of original Hollow that infected my mother. And, you came from that thing." Ichigo casually pointed out. This time, Shiro had no response. Ichigo was content. Finally! Peace and quiet. No more dealing with his annoying Zanpakuto ranting in his ear. Not that Ichigo would change that. No. Rukia had once offered to bring up the case to the Soul Society since Ichigo was hardly the first person to have a talking Zanpakuto never leave them alone, but Ichigo had declined. Zangetsu might be a pain in the ass, but he was Ichigo's pain in the ass. Ichigo sighed. The others would be wondering where he had walked off too. The final showdown with Yhwach hadn't been that long ago. At the same time, it felt like it had been forever ago, and the others were still cautious. All of them had nearly died, afterall. Suddenly, a garganta tore open into existence before Ichigo. Weary, Ichigo jumped back, preparing to leave his body. Ichigo, at this point, was pretty sure that gaining the ability to willingly leave his body was a bad thing but he couldn't be bothered to care at this point. Okay, so he was closer to dead than alive, whatever- "Calm down, King! Sheesh! Honestly, are those senses of yours utterly useless?" Zangetsu decided to interject. "Shut it, underworld reje-" Ichigo began. "Itsygo!" Only to be tackled by a little green haired girl and knocked to the ground. Ichigo fell with an umph as Nel embraced him. "Nel!" Ichigo gasped out. Wow! That girl really had one strong grip… "Let go of me, Nel!" "Itsygo! Grimm-grimm is alive!" Ichigo froze. What? Grimmjow… Grimmjow was alive? Ichigo paled slightly. Oh, sure, Ichigo had every confidence that he would have been able to mop the floor with Grimmjow a couple months ago, but that was before Yhwach had literally tore out half of Ichigo's powers from him. However, another part of Ichigo, a part of him that he didn't exactly want to acknowledge, did not feel fear. No. Instead... "Woo hoo! Let's go fight him, King! I've been itchin' for another round against an Espada since we tore Ulquiorra a new one!" Ichigo glared. "You literally beat that midget to death with his own arm!" "Wha- what?" Nel gasped and backed away slightly. Shit. Ichigo had said that out loud. He had a problem with saying things like that whenever he was talking to Zangetsu. Once, he had yelled in the middle of class only to get weird looks. Luckily, Keigo had decided to play along and it had eventually been forgotten. Ah, Keigo. Always so helpfull. Maybe Ichigo should stop beating the shit out of his friend? … Nah. Wait. Issue at hand. Right. Ichigo's eyes locked back to Nel's. "Grimmjow survived?" Nelliel nodded. "Grimm got reinarnated!" the child stuttered, "He's a wizard now!" … What? "That that, motherfucker! Die! Burn in hell! Go be Szayelaporro's bitch toys! Soul King knows the fucker needs more considering how often he breaks 'em!" Grimmjow's battle tactics were, well… Did they count as battle tactics? Could they even be considered tactics? Grimmjow's basic strategy was basically shoot, shoot, blast, destroy, kill. There was no strategy, really. Just brute force. Which, apparently, was the best strategy. "TAKE OUT POTTER!" Grimmjow responded to that little declaration by blasting a Bala from his wand tip. This was so much fun! Ever since Grimmjow had learned to channel his Arrancar powers into his wand, he'd learned that he could summon blasts of energy at will, and, well… It turned out the Wizards really didn't have anything capable of blocking spiritual energy blasts properly. Unknown to Grimmjow, they totally did. The Death Eaters before him just didn't realize that Exorcism class spells were literally the only answer to Grimmjow's onslaught. Grimmjow was having the time of his life. This was fun! It was the most fun he'd had since being reincarnated as a fucking brat. Beside him, Ichigo snarled and darted out. Death Eaters attacked, but… They were unaware they were up against a Ghost kitty. A Ghost kitty of death, claws, and cuteness. "What is this power?" "Is… Is this why the Dark Lord feared him? Grimmjow teleported before what he assumed was the leader. The man jumped and nearly dropped his wand. The Death Eater managed to point it at Grimmjow and the tip glowed green but it didn't matter. Grimmjow had already backhanded him, hard, sending him through one of the tents. "The Boy Who Lived is on our side…" "The boy that defeated Voldemort, he's helping us!" "ATTACK! BACK THE BOY WHO LIVED!" Grimmjow grinned. Apparently, celebrity status was useful in rallying useless Ministry officials. Unfortunately for Grimmjow, Voldemort had had an entire year to analyze the Boy Who Lived after he had managed to infiltrate Hogwarts right under Dumbledore's oversized broken nose. As such, Voldemort knew what the Death Eaters did not. What Voldemort knew… Barty Crouch Junior knew. Voldemort had had Pettigrew for far longer, so he had moved far sooner. He had discovered Barty earlier than in the original timeline, and, well… "Omnis Immundus Spiritus!" Grimmjow's eyes widened. He gave a short gasp. His wand fell from his fingertips. Then, the Boy Who Lived fell to his knees and screamed. The Death Eaters gasped as they were flung back. Many decided to flee then and there, not wanting to get on the wrong end of Harry Potter. It didn't matter, however, because Grimmjow was in no state to chase after them. Instead, his head collided with the earth and all he knew was the dark. Grimmjow's eyes snapped open. What… Instantly, he shot up. To Grimmjow's surprise, he was back in his old body. … Yes! Strong, tall, sexy. Grimmjow had it all back! Being turned into a damn child had not been fun. So small, so tiny, so utterly helpless… But, at last! He was himself! He was whole! He… Was listing to a child bawling, actually. Grimmjow turned his head and eyed a small baby with trepidation. Where had the baby come from? Where was 'here' anyways? This didn't look like his own inner world. In fact, it looked like… "Platform Nine and Three Quarters." Grimmjow turned. "Who," Grimmjow began, "The fuck are you." The brown haired teenager met his glare full force. "I'm you, duh. Well, you before you became… That." the teenager waved in Grimmjow's general direction. A tic mark appeared upon Grimmjow's head. "What's that suppose to mean, brat!" The teen sighed. "I died. I died, and became a Hollow. Me, pass into the Soul Society?" the kid snorted before shaking his head. "No… We were too full of rage. We still were, afterwards. We didn't lead a happy life. It was destructive. It was full of hate. We were full of hate. What we wanted…" if Grimmjow hadn't know any better, he could have sworn there was a literal fire in the teenager's eyes, "We wanted to Kill Them All." Grimmjow did not speak for several seconds. Instead, he processed. Then, at last, the Arrancar opened his mouth. "Them?" The teen just shook his head. "Doesn't matter anymore. What matters is you. I died and my hate turned me into you. You fed on the Hollows of Hueco Mundo, like all other upper class Hollows, and made that." the teen pointed. Grimmjow turned his head. Then, he grinned. "Panthera!" Said Zanpakuto spirit tackled Grimmjow before licking his face repeatably. Grimmjow smirked before tackling the cat. If Panthera wanted to play rough, Grimmjow was fine with that. He would play rough. "HEY!" Grimmjow and Panthera froze. Slowly, the pair looked up to see the impatient teenager watching them with annoyed eyes, hands on his hips. Grimmjow snorted. "Aren't you curious as to why you're here?" … Oh yeah huh! How had Grimmjow ended up here? He'd tried to reach his inner world many times but each attempt after the other had been met with complete and utter failure, which was not a thing that Grimmjow normally would ever admit. Grimmjow didn't fail, ever! He… Erm… Took his time. Yeah, that was it. He hadn't failed. He was taking his time. Then, the baby wailed. Grimmjow glared. "What is that thing anyways? Why is a baby here?" The teen sighed and walked forth. Without missing a beat he lifted the child and held him close, ending the sobs. Then, the boy looked at Grimmjow again. "This… This is Harry Potter." Grimmjow stared. Then, pushing Panthera off of him, he rose. "That's impossible. I am Harry Potter." Grimmjow jabbed a finger in his own direction. The teen, however, shook his head. "Of course you aren't. You are Grimmjow Jaegerjaquez. This is Harry Potter." the teen explained. Grimmjow's stare hardened. "I'm Harry!" and he was. Grimmjow had grown up as Harry Potter. He was Harry. End of story. Some random shit head appearing in his head wasn't going to convince him otherwise. "No… You drowned him," the teen informed Grimmjow, who staggered back. "Harry Potter never had a chance to live, because you took over. He never existed, because you replaced him. Harry Potter died years ago and you, Grimmjow, you killed him. Your memories, your existence, it hit him to fast. He never had a chance. He faded and was replaced. You aren't Harry, Grimmjow. You're his executioner." Grimmjow took several steps back. That… That couldn't be true, right? No! It wasn't true! Grimmjow… Grimmjow had done several fucked up things, yeah. But killing a baby? NO! That… That was one line even he would never cross. Grimmjow had never fought because he was a psychotic killer. No, he was in it for the thrill of the fight, nothing more nothing less. Killing a child was… Was… "Enough!" Another spirit materialized. It took Grimmjow several moments to recognize the woman. "... Mom?" The redhead smiled at him. Lily Potter walked forth and cupped Grimmjow's cheek. "My darling boy… You've grown." "He killed your son." the teen called out. "He was always my son," Lily countered with a glance behind her, "Only a different part of him. Had my Harry grown, this is what he would have become." Then, she turned back to Grimmjow. "They share the same soul, after all. My Harry would have reflected you. You have my Harry's soul, so you are my Harry no matter what face you wear. You are my son… And you need to go back." "Back?" Lily nodded. "You were hit with an Exorcism spell. Before long, the effects will be permanent, and you will be trapped here. You must return. You have to stop Voldemort, Harry. If he isn't stopped… The Dark Lord is meddling with powers even he does not understand. Grimmjow frowned. Then, he waved it off. What could a human possibly do? Ha! "How bad could it possibly be?" he voiced as such. Lily's eyes hardened. She was not pleased. Grimmjow resisted the urge to shrink under her stare. This woman was technically his mother. "Voldemort plans to channel the powers of Hell. He is just as dangerous, if not more, than Sosuke Aizen. You have to stop him, Harry. And, you have to go back." then, the hugged him. Grimmjow froze. What… What was this? What? He… No one had ever… Not that he could remember. He couldn't remember at all, not when he had been human the first time. Not in this life. Not as an Arrancar. No one had ever… Grimmjow sighed and hugged her back. Not that he would ever admit it. Oh no. If asked, Grimmjow would deny, deny, deny. Grimmjow didn't want a hug from his mother. Grimmjow didn't need it. Grimmjow didn't need anyone. Lily sighed before letting him go. A hand cupped his cheek again. "Go back, Harry. It isn't your time. Go back, and stop him." Grimmjow looked into her eyes. Then, at last, he nodded. Then, he was gone. Lily sighed. Then, she spun on the teenager. "What the bloody hell was that about!" The teen shrugged. "A reality check. He's me, remember? That means he's destructive by nature. If the world burns around him, he'll just shrug it off. Knowing that he erased Harry… It'll put things in perspective for him." Lily rolled her eyes. "He didn't replace Harry and you know it. He became Harry." The baby faded. The baby had never been there to begin with. "Oh, I know. But he doesn't." then, the teen grinned. Lily could only shake her head and resist the urge to facepalm. Grimmjow woke up with a start. What? Where was he? His limbs felt stiff. How long had he been out? "It is with great regret that I must declare Harry James Potter, the Boy Who Lived, as officially de-" Cornelius Fudge spoke, tears falling down his face. His career… Ruined! Grimmjow began to cough. Loudly. The crowd gave a collective gasp as Grimmjow sat up. The crowd stared at Grimmjow. Grimmjow stared at the crowd. "Erm… hi?" Grimmjow waved. Silence. "HARRY, YOU IDIOT!" Grimmjow was suddenly tackled to the ground by a wild beast that is feared across all parts of Europe. This beast, this animal, is known as… A Wild Hermione. "Ow!" Hermione, unfortunately, was not alone. Before Grimmjow knew it, all his bitches had wrapped him in a massive group hug. Grimmjow redded. What the hell was this? Why… Why did they care? Hadn't he treated them as tools? As assets? As a means to an end? Hell, he mentally called them his bitches. Yet… Yet… Here they were, all of them, even that annoying Malfoy brat. Grimmjow shook for a second. His heart thudded inside his chest, once, twice. Grimmjow closed his eyes and… Let himself enjoy it. He'd been reborn as a human. It was time he recognized that fact. Grimmjow was now a human. He now had a heart, a thing that all Hollows lack. He had a heart and it was telling him that this, this right here, was what he had always wanted. Huh. Maybe that blasted mirror hadn't been lying. Maybe that idiot Stark had had a point all along. What's the purpose of life without comrades at your side, after all? So, for once in his life… Grimmjow let go and just let himself feel. Not destruction like usual. No. Instead, he let himself feel happy. "Harry Potter!" Grimmjow blinked. Grimmjow's bitches blinked. The school held their breath. Then, all eyes turned towards Grimmjow, who was completely and utterly dumbfounded. Why, you ask? You see… Grimmjow wanted into the contest. In fact, many of the younger students had wanted in, and who was Grimmjow to deny them when he had a badass little kitty capable of bypassing whatever line Dumbledore had established? So it was that Grimmjow's name had been called… Twice! Dumbledore twitched. "Mr. Potter…" "Oh, I totally entered. So did half of Gryffindor, a few Ravenclaws, like a fourth of Hufflepuff, and literally all of Slytherin. Except the second and first years. I didn't enter those bitches." Grimmjow shrugged. Dumbledore resisted the urge to scream. "Vwell…" Madam Maxine began, "I see no problem." "No problem! The brat is fourteen!" "Yes. But, he also got past the Ageline. 'Ogwartz has chosen her champion!" However, a second question was now being asked within the minds of the students, the staff, and, indeed, every single person within that room. … Harry Potter had obviously entered himself into the Goblet of Fire. That was not in question. He had apparently also entered a majority of the school, much to Dumbledore's chagrin. The point was… Someone capable of doing that wouldn't have bothered entering the name twice, so… Who had hoodwinked the Goblet of Fire? Barty Crouch Jr. attempted to keep a calm facade. Shit. He had been counting on the tension of there being two Hogwarts champions to distract from the cup being enchanted. Wizards were rather one minded in that regard. Without that factor, well… Barty would have to watch his steps. He would have to watch them indeed. "Imperio!" Grimmjow watched in boredom as the spider did the bidding of its new master. How anyone could laugh at this was beyond him. It was so dull! Grimmjow rested his face on one his palms, resisting the urge to fall asleep then and there. Without a second thought, Grimmjow smashed the spider as it was sent towards him. "Pay attention, Potter! Just because you were instrumental in the capture of wayward Death Eaters does not mean you can sleep in my classroom! Understood!" Grimmjow shrugged but sat up anyways. There was a gleam in his eyes, however, that Hermione had grown accustomed to. The bushy haired bookworm sighed. Another prank war against a teacher. She had tried to talk Harry out of his prank war with Lockhart, but… It hadn't been very effective at all, really. "Crucio!" Grimmjow blinked. That was what wizards considered pain? Then again… Grimmjow tilted his head as the spider withered. Hm. Might be useful for nerve paralysis. Then, he tossed the idea aside. Only a weakling needed something like that to win a fight. "Avada Kedavra!" Grimmjow froze. Green… Green light. Screams. A falling body. Tears. A flash. Pain. Pain. PAIN. "... and he's sitting in this roo- Potter, are you okay? You look awfully pale." Grimmjow shook it off. "Nothing. It's nothing, Professor. Continue." Grimmjow waved off. However, internally, he watched. He watched and remembered. Green light. Green arching lightning. It reminded him of someone. Figures. The Killing Curse would remind him of Ulquiorra. After all… Ulquiorra inbodied the aspect of Nihilism, apathy in the face of all life. Never mind that Grimmjow now remembered vividly that this was how Lily and James Potter had died. Ichigo Kurosaki landed within the walls of Hogwarts. Man, this place had been hard to find! Ichigo had looked all over for the it but he kept missing it. In the end, he had decided to check all the places his senses screamed at him to avoid. A brilliant idea on his part. "My idea, you shitty King! Us, fear a location? HA!" "Shut up Shiro." Ichigo made his way through the grounds. Where were the people? Ichigo would expect the school to be packed but his senses told him there was literally no one inside the school itself, so where- "KING! RIGHT!" Ichigo swerved and leapt back. Just in time too as flame blasted where he had stood. Ichigo let his body fall to the ground and drew Zangetsu's short blade. The giant lizard eyed him wearily. Was… Was that a dragon? Holy shit, dragons were real? Then again, Ichigo was a spirit warrior capable of leveling a country. He really shouldn't be that surprise- "Oiy, ash face! I am your opponent, you piece of shit dinosaur wannabe!" Ichigo blinked. That… That could only be one person. Only one person that he knew would speak like that. Okay, maybe two. Ichigo seriously didn't want to know what would happen if Kenpachi and Grimmjow ever met. He would avoid it at all costs. It really wouldn't be pretty. The dragon snarled and twisted its head around… Only for a foot to smash into it's side. Ichigo watched as the figure that could only be a mini Grimmjow- when had the other gotten so short?- darted away. The dragon hissed and chased after him. All Ichigo could do was follow. Grimmjow was… Leading the dragon into an arena? An arena, seriously? Ichigo glanced up. Huh. Found the people, he suppos- "Ichigo! ATTACK!" Wait, what? Ichigo turned just as a freaking cat, of all things, shot forth and smashed into the dragon's head. The dragon cried out loudly, spitting sparks at the cat. The little orange cat. The little orange cat that Grimmjow had apparently named after him… Ichigo twitched. Then, while the dragon was distracted, Grimmjow fell from the sky with Panthera in his hands. Ichigo winced. This would not be pretty. Grimmjow would kill the poor dragon. Normally, it would be the other way around, but Grimmjow against a dragon? Please. The dragon stood absolutely no chance- Flame exploded everywhere and Ichigo jumped. Had Grimmjow… Had Grimmjow just been burned alive? The crowd seemed to agree for they cried out, but then- The dragon was blasted back before it landed with a thud. There stood Grimmjow, burns here and there, stick in his hands, panting. Wait… Panting? Holy shit. Getting turned into a human must have really depowered Grimmjow… Silence. Then, the crowd burst into cheers. Grimmjow smirked and waved like a mad man. Ichigo twitched. He took a step. Two. Three. Slowly, people began to notice the strange orange haired teenager wearing Japanese style robes carrying two massive swords. Grimmjow froze before turning to meet his gaze. "Oh, hey berry! It's been a while!" "You named your fucking cat after me?" Ichigo yelled. "Well, he's all cute and cuddly and orange and dangerous, so yup. Ichigo!" Grimmjow called. Ichigo watched in disbelief as his apparent counterpart leaped into Grimmjow's arms, purring in content. He twitched again before shaking his head. Honestly… The things he did for Neliel. Chapter 12 A/N: The poll now has 106 people. Wow. And, of course, a few numbers I mentally add that people vote on through reviews/comments. And, The Book Thief finally has a vote! :) for the record, that was my favorite book of all time. Yeah, yeah, Harry Potter, blah. This is actually my third favorite book series. In order, The Book Thief(which is totally not a series, but whatever), Percy Jackson, then Harry Potter. So, question. Does anyone else not like the canon Bleach pairings? Spoiler alert, but I was never an IchiHime fan. I mean, it was there and I didn't dislike it, I was more of a meh to it. Renji/Rukia, though, always reminded me as a pair of brother and sister so yuck. As such, I won't write that one. It screams incest to me, so sorry if it's what you guys like. I do like IchiRuki. Ironically, I also like IchiGrim, although I do prefer them as friends. Hell, I might write a one shot doing both if I ever get the time. One more chapter planned for this segment. Also, I've made references to another awesome anime. Guess? Also, I apologize for the late posting. I was sick most of the week. I did have some of it finished last Friday, but I had to sleep early because I work at 5. Then, I got home and intended to finish the chapter but… I'm convinced my brother has infected me. The foul creature. Brothers are evil, you see. But I'm great now! :) Published: 10/1/2016 Warnings: I did say Spoilers. Although, saying that word always reminds me of River. Chapter 12 Grimmjow Part 3 If Dumbledore had reason be be troubled by the actions of young Harry before, his current actions blew all doubts from the Headmaster's mind Absolutely nothing of such a dark nature could enter Hogwarts without being specially protected against his vision without Dumbledore noticing. The Diary, sadly, had slipt his sight. That in itself was not shocking. Tom Riddle had been a genius alumni. Warding his own personal diary to the point where even the Headmaster was not aware of its true dark nature was no shock. As it was, Dumbledore knew from the moment that the orange haired teenager had walked onto the school grounds that he was not a human. No… Whatever that boy was, it was far older, far eviler, and made even a Dementor pale in comparison. It was twisted. Something of the dark. From the shadowy corners of the earth, a being of such vileness that for a second, Dumbledore had believed Voldemort himself had decided to infiltrate the school again. But no. This child… This thing disguised as a child, Dumbledore reminded himself, stunk of an aura far worse than Voldemort. It was like looking into the death of magic itself. It had reminded him of when Voldemort had actually 'infiltrated' the school. … That incident, Dumbledore actually had noticed, but had let it slide. Perhaps Tom would be calmer after getting the opportunity to finally teach? Well, that, and the stone had been bait for a reason. Dumbledore had hoped to test young Harry. He had been severely disappointed. Unfortunately, Voldemort had taken the bait. Dumbledore had orchestrated events so that young Harry would have a chance to prove himself, to prove his true Gryffindor colors, to stop the Dark Lord, but alas! Instead, well… Quirrell had escaped with the Philosopher's Stone in hand. Dumbledore had only just managed to fend off a rather furious Nicholas Flamel. In other news, Nicholas Flamel wasn't exactly amongst the breathing anymore as his remaining Elixir of Life had already run its course. Their parting had not ended in the best of ways and, to be frank, only the power of Dumbledore's wand kept him from being overwhelmed by his senior. Harry had failed with the Philosopher's Stone. Truly, he had. Dumbledore had wondered if he had put his stock in the wrong boy. Perhaps, just maybe, it was Neville Longbottom's fate, but no. Dumbledore now knew it could only be Harry Potter, for Harry Potter had seen the possessed Ginny Weasley and instantly known that he was staring into the face of Lord Voldemort, albeit a younger version. Of course… This brought a worse question to mind. Harry had known of Ginny. He had known instinctively. He had looked at her once and realized the truth. Which meant… Which meant… "Why've you called us, Dumbledore!" Alastor Moody snapped out. Ah, his old friend. Dumbledore, at first, had been concerned about Moody's behavior but that had faded as the year went on. Moody had always been a cautious one. And paranoid, too. Greatest Auror of their age, Alastor might be but considering he had freaked out over a cat during the summer break, well… Actually, Dumbledore hoped Harry never learned of it. If there was one thing Dumbledore did not doubt, it was the boy's complete and utter passion for cats. "I fear there is an issue we must address. I… I have come to the conclusion that Harry Potter has either… Joined the dark," the words were a bitter taste in the Headmaster's mouth. Around him, the Order gasped, "Or worse… He will become the next Dark Lord." Silence. Then, to Dumbledore's surprise, Molly Weasley stood. The Order was silent as the mother of seven made her way around the table until she stood before their leader. The two stared each other down. Molly's face twisted into a look of utter disgust before she backhanded the Headmaster, hard. "HOW DARE YOU, ALBUS DUMBLEDORE! THAT BOY SAVED MY GINNY! THAT BOY IS THE ONLY REASON MY DAUGHTER IS STILL ALIVE! THAT BOY IS THE REASON MY RONALD ACTUALLY CARES ABOUT HIS EDUCATION NOW! HOW DARE YOU STAND HERE AND CLAIM THAT YOUNG HARRY IS GOING DARK? DARK, MY ARSE! THE ONLY THING BONKERS AROUND HERE IS YOUR THINKING PROCESS, DUMBLEDORE!" With that declaration, Molly Weasley stormed out. To Dumbledore's utter shock and dismay, so did half the Order. However, to Dumbledore's relief, a good chunk of them remained. Still… It seemed Harry Potter's influence over the Wizarding World was already stronger than Dumbledore had feared. "Now," Dumbledore began, eyeing the remaining loyal members of the Order of the Phoenix, the only true hope from the world, "I will explain my reasoning and why I believe Potter must be stopped. We must hurry. There is little time. By now, I am confident that the Dark Lord has already risen again. Should the pair truly form an alliance, well… It won't be just a threat to Britain. No. They will become a threat to the world as a whole." "Grim-Grim!" Upon entering the Gryffindor dormitory Grimmjow unexpectedly found himself tackled by a small green haired child. The rest of Gryffindor, who had been waiting for their champion so they could start the party, watched in surprise. Ichigo blinked. "Since when are you and Nel-" he began. "We aren't! OFF, BRAT!" There were several gasps as their hero, their champion, their dragon slayer kicked the little girl that had dared pounce on him. Nel went flying, bouncing off the floor repeatedly before landing on her butt. The little girl blinked several times before bursting into tears, earning Grimmjow glares. Grimmjow, however, ignored it as he stomped into the room, before he glared at Ichigo as the orange-head smacked him before moving to pick up Nel. "There, there. Did that meany hurt you?" Grimmjow rolled his eyes. "That isn't a little girl, Kurosaki. You know as well as I do that she only chooses to look like one. That girl's older than everyone here combined." Grimmjow motioned to the many, many people in the room. Was that Luna Lovegood wearing a Panther head? Nice! This gained him skeptical looks. Well, skeptical and 'are you batshit crazy?' looks. Grimmjow ignored them as he made his way forward. Ichigo glared. "Nel loses her memories whenever she gets turned back into a child, Gri- Harry." Ichigo amended. That new name would take some getting used to. "She doesn't remember being olde-" "Did Ichygo call me old?" Ichigo froze. "NEVER CALL A LADY OLD!" Ichigo fell over with a groan. Why… Why… Why did Nel always have to aim there, of all places? "You know… I felt sorry for the brat at first, but… She's obviously as insane as Potter…" "Dean, I swear to Merlin, he can hear you!" "... So?" "Ichigo. Attack." "Meow!" Grimmjow's schedule didn't actually change that much. He just had a new person to annoy, bug, and mess around with everyday, which was always fun. To Grimmjow's disgust, Ichigo had apparently lose approximately half his power. Grimmjow himself had lost two thirds of his own when he'd had the displeasure of getting reincarnated. And, while he might have recently figured out how to summon Panthera, well... "You know, I can finally see why you liked fighting me so much back then!" Ichigo declared with a grin, hefting Zangetsu into the air and resting the blade against his shoulder. From the ground, a twitching Grimmjow covered in smoke, bruises, cuts, and blood, lifted his hand. Ichigo laughed loudly as the former Espada flipped him off. Meanwhile… "What do you mean Ichigo has gone missing!" Ever since the end of the war, things had been, well… They had been tense back at the Soul Society. Rukia and the rest of the Captains and Lieutenants of the Gotei Thirteen had spent the last couple of months preventing Central 46 from ordering the annihilation of Ichigo Kurosaki and Uryu Ishida. Bureaucratic bastards that literally do nothing but sit on their assess all day while the Gotei Thirteen actually act tend to be like that. The fact remained, however, that Ichigo and Uryu had succeeded in a task that even the Soul King Guard had failed at. The Soul King's person guardians had been slaughtered by Yhwach and his elite Quincy Soldiers, the Schutzstaffel, who were basically the elite of the Sternritters. Ichigo and Uryu had managed what they could not. A force more powerful than the Gotei Thirteen combined could not defeat Yhwach. Yamamoto had not only failed, he had been stripped of his powers by the Quincy Emperor. Yet, two humans with Quincy blood flowing in their veins had manages what they could not. They had even teamed up with Aizen, of all people, to do it and, well… The only reason an order for Ichigo's execution hadn't been ordered following the Winter War was due to the loss of his powers. Loss of powers meant Ichigo was no longer a threat. This time, however, well… Ichigo Kurosaki definitely still had Soul Reaper powers. On top of that, Rukia could confirm he still had Hollow powers, not that she bothered to inform Central 46. It was only with the Vizards and their respective squads threatening to enact a full blown Civil War that prevented Central 46 from ordering the deaths of Ichigo and Uryu, but now, well, now there was another issue at hand that put all that into jeopardy. "What is that bastard thinking, running off at a time like this!" Renji slammed his fists down. "Doesn't he know the situation?" Kyoraku snorted. The cheerful teasing light Rukia had come to remember the captain for no longer shown in his eyes. His best friend was dead. Yamamoto was dead. Unohana, while she and Koryaku had never been on the best of terms, had been the only other living Shinigami from his era, and she was dead too. Honestly, Rukia was convinced that the only thing keeping that man going was Nanao. She was literally all that he had left. "Obviously, the kid doesn't know the situation. Like always… We've kept him out of the loop." "Idiotic if you ask me." Shinji spoke, "that kid's smarter than you people give him credit for." Kenpachi, of all people, gave Shinji a look. "That brat gets along with that Hollow perfectly now. I should know. I spar with him. The fact that he enjoys fighting with me instead of running like he used to speaks volumes over how much influence that thing has over him." Rukia blinked. Had… Had Kenpachi made an actual point? Had he… Had he actually said something that didn't involve fight, blood, battle, fight? Not that Captain Zaraki was stupid, but, well… He had killed Captain Unohana to prove his strength in the moment they had needed her most. Rukia wasn't sure how many people had died because their best healer had been eliminated. "I get along with my Hollow." Kensei shrugged, only to get smacked by Hiyori. "You idiot! You only just learned to get along with that thing, and you've had it for over a hundred years! Ichigo, on the other hand-" "Has always been a unique spiritual presence." the Head Captain interrupted. Eyes turned to Kyoraku as he rested his elbows on the table, eyes narrowed in thought. "Lieutenant Kuchki and Arabi!" "Sir!" "Normally, I would send the pair of you out to find Kurosaki. You do, after all, know him best. However… If we do that, then Central 46 will surely catch on. You see the difficulty here, correct?" Rukia fidgeted in her seat. She understood all right, but… But… This was Ichigo! However, Captain Kyoraku also had a point. Rukia was currently the highest ranking officer in Squad 13. Byakuya would question it if Renji suddenly disappeared. Well, he'd probably turn a blind eye as he was to this whole meeting because, as head of the Kuchiki Clan, Byakuya was bound to tell Central 46 all he knew. Byakuya could not speak of anything he did not personally know, after all. Still, though… "If you don't mind me asking then," Renji spoke up, "Who exactly do you plan on sending? We're down manpower. Anyone that goes missing will be noticed." Renji pointed out. Silence. Then, as one, all eyes in the room turned to their guests. Or, more specifically, a certain blond. Hayori froze in the process of stuffing her face with the snacks that had been provided. One. Two. "Oh hell no! I am not looking for that shit head! If he wants to be lost, that's his business!" Ichigo sighed. What was he even doing here anymore? Okay, yeah, he had wanted to confirm if Grimmjow was alive. And he was. The Arrancar was just fine. Ichigo had confirmed it. Nel was happy. She'd been pretty bummed after the end of the final battle. Nel had tried to save Urahara, Yoruichi, and Grimmjow from Askin's dying attack, but she had failed. All three of them had died. Nel had felt terrible about that. She had brought them all here and, in the end, she'd done nothing. But now, Grimmjow was alive and well and apparently reincarnation was still weird since he got sent back in time a few years. That wasn't so unusual from what Ichigo understood. The Precipice world had a habit of fucking with time like it was nobodies business. It was how Ichigo had matched Aizen, after all, just as Aizen had intended all along. … Aizen was so weird. Anyways, Ichigo no longer had any business in Hogwarts. He had found out what he wanted to find. So, he should just go back now. That was the logical thing to do. The adult thing to do. Except… "So, Shinigami. Why are you still here?" Grimmjow managed to pant out. As always, their spars had ended with Grimmjow covered in wounds, grinning like a madman while Ichigo stood on the sidelines. Well, stood on the sidelines with a broken arm. Whatever seal had been used on Grimmjow was starting to crack, and fast. While before there would be short bursts, that alone would not be enough for Grimmjow to actually scratch Ichigo. This time he had. Which is why Grimmjow wouldn't stop smirking. Ichigo rolled his eyes. That stupid cat was acting as if he'd won the fight instead of the other way around. Then, he remembered he was suppose to reply. Oh. Right. That. "It's a lot calmer over here. And beating the shit out of you is fun." Ichigo actually had to dodge a Killing Curse. That asshole! They had put Bushy into the lake. They put Bushy into the fucking lake. Grimmjow snarled. Why… Why… Why did it have to be water? Cats hate water! Still… One of his loyal bitches was down there. Grimmjow could feel it. It was time to make a choice, a- "GO RESCUE YOUR FRIEND!" A foot collided with Grimmjow's ass. "SCREW YOU, KUROSAKI!" "... Why does no one question who that Orange haired kid is?" "Because, he's with Potter. Potter is insane. No one questions Potter." "Does 'arry Potter rule 'zis school?" one of the French students asked. Looks were exchanged. "Oh," "You have," "No idea." the Weasley twins spoke. Grimmjow, of course, got the cup. He… He really should have listened to his mother. He really should have. Grimmjow leapt back. "YOU!" The cup had taken Grimmjow into a rather blatant trap. Unknown to Grimmjow, Voldemort had regained a body long ago. However… There was still one piece he needed to achieve full power, one thing he needed in order for his dark reign to start again, truly. How had Voldemort regained his body? Very, very simple… Grimmjow summoned Panthera, slashing the blade at chains that attempted to bind him. With his free hand, he blasted a Bala at Pettigrew before dodging out of the way of one of Voldemort's curses. Three against one? Fun! Well… Fun if Voldemort hadn't fucking poisoned him! That cup was laced with something, Grimmjow just knew it. "I need the boy alive! Take him down… NOW!" A moment too late Grimmjow realized his leg had been ensnared by one of Quirrell's chains. Yes, Quirrell. Grimmjow knew he should have finished off that fucker when he had had the chance! Now, while many assume Quirrell had been a weak wizard, this was miles from the truth. The man had managed to contain Voldemort, of all people, without dying. The man had been capable of wandless magic on a scale only Voldemort and Dumbledore could surpass. Quirrell, truly, had been one of the most powerful wizards of his generation… And, this time, he had not died. Grimmjow gasped as he was flung. Spinning in the air, Grimmjow drew his wand before blasting away. Then, he flashed out of the chains before bringing his sword down on the Turban wearing bastard. Quirrell lifted his hand and Panthera actually struck a barrier. Grimmjow snarled and put as much spiritual energy as he could into the blast. Fucking seal. Instinct kicked in. Grimmjow dodged back as Voldemort began to fire… Grimmjow wasn't sure what those blasts of pure light would do to him and, simply put, he didn't want to find out. He hisses as teeth bit into his shoulder. Grimmjow gripped the rat and squeezed. It exploded in a shower of blood that left Grimmjow covered head to toe as Pettigrew became human again in death. Huh. Oops. Sirius was gonna be pisse- Grimmjow gasped. "Wha- what... What is…" it didn't take him long to realize, "Poison-" the former Espada collapsed in a heap. Voldemort walked forward. He eyed the bloody stain that had been Pettigrew with distaste before turning to the boy. "What shall we do with him, Master?" Quirrell asked. Voldemort did not speak. Instead, he pondered for several moments. Then, at last, he spoke, "We will extract my Horcrux from him. Then… Then, I shall have not only my own powers, but his, and at last!" Voldemort produced the Philosopher's Stone. Annoyingly, he had to have it on his person at all times. Well, annoying until now. "Tell me, Quirrell, do you know how Flamel forged this stone?" Quirrell blinked. "No… No Master, I confess I do not." Voldemort smirked before meeting the eyes of his slave. "I thought not. Wizards often care not for Muggle history… There was a very convenient 'plague' that ravaged Europe when Flamel was a young man. So many dead. Hundreds. Thousands. Millions! The humans, dropping like flies! And all those souls… Why let their power go to waste? Of course, Flamel grew hungry and, well…" Voldemort lifted the stone, "It didn't take him long to realize he could coalesce these souls. Suddenly, a disease that would have died out in a decade lasted well over a century." Quirrell's eyes widened. "Wait… You mean… The stone, then…" "Flamel had no sight, however. He only seeked Immortality. I seek much more! He recharged the stone, of course, every so often. The World Wars were such a boon for him… Anyways," Voldemort glanced down at Grimmjow. "Soon… Soon, all the stone's powers will be mine! The final piece has fallen into place." Then, he smirked. Oh, yes. Voldemort would transcend. Voldemort would become supreme. Voldemort would become a god. No, greater than a god, then he would devour them as well! This world, this planet, all of creation… Voldemort would conquer it all! He would rule it all! And, it would all begin here. Notes: A/N: hello everyone! So, the premise of this story is that the Killing Curse made Harry recall a past life. This will be a series of one shots crossing over into numerous fandoms. Any character is fair game and I'm open to suggestions if you guys have any! Thanks for reading :) next chapter will be longer. Promise.