He'd been avoiding Snoke for the better part of a year for fear of being found out. Since his fumblings in the night with Rey, she'd occupied the recesses of his subconscious. Somehow, to his surprise, he'd been able to lock that part away from Snoke's prying sight. Soon after however, Rey gave birth to their child and both the baby and his mother quickly plagued the forefront of his thoughts on the most inconvenient of occasions. He knew that if he strayed far enough from his Master, he could keep them secret; keep them safe. Despite his best efforts however, the Supreme Leader had demanded his presence as a matter of utmost urgency. It could only mean that he'd discovered the truth. Had Ren been unaware of his child's existence, he might've perhaps been able to maintain Rey's anonymity. As it was, with their already established bond through the Force, he'd felt the conspicuous agony that could only mean childbirth from her first contraction. Knowing well enough that he was experiencing merely the aftershocks of the pain, he felt compelled to go to her; to soothe and to calm her - to apologise for having caused it. Regardless of the guilt he felt at the time, the emotions she'd projected towards him upon meeting their son was enough for him to regret nothing. He'd given her a part of him that she loved more than anything in the whole galaxy. It makes him wonder, and hope, if she could love the rest of him. He wants to ask her; to reach out into the void that separated them and demand an honest answer. But he knew he doesn't have the right to expect that from her, much less the decision to keep their son away from Luke. The latter of which he still doesn't know but the baby has not yet reached his first birthday - more time would pass before an ultimate decision must be made. Ren only wished to meet him before such time. That way he could know him as he should be, in the fear of the possibility that he might, God forbid, fall foul to the Dark Side. Ren often wonders if that's how his mother remembers him - as a shy, impressionable boy with no malicious intent but rather a heavy heart, eager to please. He knows it's wrong to think that she may now look upon him with more than disappointment, but he's been hoping for a lot of things as of late. It's implications and their effect on his loyalty to the darkness has yet to be acknowledged. He was certain Snoke wouldn't fail to mention that either. Ren came before him in the assembly hall with a visible reluctance. In person, the man was significantly smaller than the holographic projection but his presence was no less imposing. "You know why I've summoned you here, apprentice?" He inquired from atop his throne. Ren was thankful for his helmet. It enabled him to avoid meeting with the beady eyes that saw too much. "Yes, Supreme Leader," he replied. In truth there was no denying that he was easier to read than the majority of those lesser than himself. Rey had remarked upon it that night as she lay beneath him, gazing up at his sweat-smeared features. "Am I?" He'd breathed against her neck. He let his lips linger on the skin at her throat. He had felt her smile into his hair, inhaling his scent for future comfort. "Your eyes say more than your mouth." she told him with a conviction, which assured him that she knew how he felt. There had been so many things he wanted to tell her but just couldn't seem to give voice to. He'd kissed her then. Soft, slow and deeper than the rest, because it had been the last. After which, he demanded that she redress and comply with whatever instructions he gave her. She wasn't privy to his intentions but she agreed with little complaint. It wasn't until they arrived at the docking bay of TIE fighters that she understood. "Keep the shields up, even after you're out of range. I'll stall them as long as I'm able." He instructed. By the look she gave him, he could tell that she wanted to kiss him goodbye. Alas, his mask wouldn't allow it and instead, he takes her face within his gloved hands and tells her, "I will see you again." It's a promise he now knows he was able to keep. Whether Snoke knows the same or not, he is uncertain. "Then you will know that I am most pleased." Snoke announces with a lack of contentment in his low, guttural voice. "Supreme Leader?" Asked Ren in confusion. Whatever could have gained his approval in this regard? "You have ensured that your legacy does not die with you. And with another Force-sensitive no less." The balding man explains. "The child of such a union will be most powerful and advantageous in our pursuit." No , Ren chokes back a gasp. "Bring it to me." he instructs. "And kill the mother." As soon as the command registers in his mind, his heart plummets to his stomach. If he ever felt so inclined, Snoke could easily discover all that which his apprentice was hiding from him in that moment he let the barriers slip. "In doing so, your training will be complete." The master continues, seemingly oblvious to the sudden change in his student. Snoke did, however recognise the fact that Ren hadn't been entirely loyal in regards to his emotions. He'd allowed the scavenger free reign inside his head and his heart, taking up residence as she saw fit. It would be detrimental to his training if he were to allow this insolence to go on. "And if you fail to do so, I will kill them both and you will watch as I do.” That should be a sufficient incentive, Snoke decided as he dismissed Ren. Ren didn't think he'd taken a breath since he heard Snoke's instructions. His lungs were gradually, little by little, failing him as he pondered the possibilities. What was to be done? What could he do? He was too far gone to even consider the orders given to him. The light had swallowed his soul that night he bared himself to compassion. Any dark inclinations had been expelled the moment she honoured him in returning that love. And contrary to what Rey might believe, he had meant it when he told her he would sooner die than have Snoke anywhere near their son. If that meant throwing himself at the mercy of the Supreme Leader, then so be it. Rey and the child would live if he could not. The responsibility, it's burden and his need was pressing down on him all at once and beneath the weight of it all, he was certain of only one thing... He had to get to Rey. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the Grey series Next Work →