The Surrender It had been a long night. Rey and Kylo had gone to meet General Hux at their secluded watering hole. There weren't many of its kind. It was a place of repose for many members of the First Order. A safe place which was undetectable on any radars of their enemies. Not that they couldn't have defended their grounds, but this was one place the Knights, Stormtroopers and other First Order members could come to relax, unwind, take a few drinks, let their guards down and not think about this ongoing war. Just for a while. The evening had consisted of Rey, Kylo and the General having just a little bit too much to drink. It started off fairly innocently, the first round lasting almost an hour, the second; 40 mins, the third; 20 mins.The evening was moving at a nice pace. Rey was feeling rather contented. It had been a long time since she felt a feeling like this. In fact... this might have been the first she's ever felt like this. At home... Accepted. ---x--- It had not been an easy decision joining the First Order. She fought for so long against them, but for what... in the end her endeavors proved fruitless as she felt neglected time and again by the Resistence. Luke had rejected her; refused to train her. Refused to have anything to do with the Jedi and the Force. He simply wished to continue his life of solitude, and made it very clear to Rey he was never coming home. The death of Han and the loss of Luke again, was all too much for Leia who retired from her position as General from the Republic. Things began to fall apart. Rey had felt rejected by what she had begun to think of as a family. The pain was all too familiar and she chose to flee. She intended to start a new life elsewhere, away from it all. Though, somehow she could not escape. Kylo Ren had sensed her vulnerability through the Force and tracked her down when she was alone and dejected. He approached without the intent to attack. She raised her guard, nonetheless. She was ready for a fight. When one did not materialise, she relaxed a little. Only a little; still very much on guard. Not much was said on that night. Simply feelings which passed through between the two of them. He stalked her through the forest (this was becoming all too familiar!), sending messages to her mind through the Force. Messages he knew she could hear. I could take you away from all this Even in her mind, his voice was all too alluring. He was the enemy. She knew this. I can help you feel part of something Rey. Never again will you feel alone or abandoned. She knew this was a sick joke. How could he think she would take him seriously? She knew he was just playing on her weaknesses. He had her cornered, but was nonthreatening. There were no lightsabers tonight. His manner with her was different. She had witnessed firsthand his behaviour with others. There was a certain hostility about him. It was clear he did not have time for other people, and had no interest in interacting with them. With her, his body language was very different. He was relaxed; poised. The way he looked at her; he was fascinated by her. He knew she had a lot to offer. Her power, strength and agility. Oh such great gifts! How useful she could become. He simply had to help her understand things from their point of view. Come with me Rey.... come and train with me. I can show you everything; how to harness your power. The Resistence have long forgotten about you. A family who took you in, yet let you go so quickly...Come, and I will protect you as we train together to hone your skills. I will be beside you...always. He closed the gap between them, tilted his head and continued looking at her. Their bodies so very close to one another now. There was a definite bond between them. One which felt strange and unique. Strangely familiar and yet, brand new all at the same time. She breathed deeply, that night, as she stared at this tall, powerful man and just for a moment, pondered his offer. She knew this was wrong, she knew he was the enemy. But what did she have to live for anymore? Everything she once believed in was all tattered and torn into a million pieces. How could she know what was right? He could sense that her guard was coming down even more. She looked frightened, yet intrigued. He could not help noticing how captivating and enticing she was. She was beautiful, to say the least. Quite enchanting, so full of light. This scared him a little. Just how brightly she shone. She was so very tempting; he knew he would have to be careful with her. How do I know you won't abandon me? Like they did. He could feel a shift in her beginning to take place. Already she was beginning to think as he did. Maybe there was hope after all. Come with me, and I will be beside you...always. I will hold you...always. Agree to be my student, and I your master, and together we can harness more power than either of us has ever known The concept of having someone beside her, really was alluring. Maybe she needed to see things from their point of view. This was a war after all. Who's to say which was the right or wrong side to be on. How do I know you still don't want to kill me, that you won't end me at the first opportunity? He smiled slightly. I could have destroyed you long ago, Rey. I had ample opportunity. I could kill you right now. Here, tonight. But, I don't want to do that Rey. I've never wanted that. You are a powerful being. What would I gain from allowing you to perish. Your gifts will be useful to us. You will flourish, under me. And truly feel part of something. She had been staring down and now looked up to him. His eyes were inviting. She longed to feel part of something. To feel accepted. She felt the sting of betrayal from the Resistence, and used her emotions to push her forward. She realised they did not give a damn about her, and that no one was coming for her. Yet, here he was, offering himself as her mentor, master and much more. She lost herself in the heady feeling of want. And so she accepted. She sunk to her knees and gave in. I surrender myself...master. Show me the ways of the Force He was in shock and awe and felt complete satisfaction at his efforts to obtain her. The Republic's flawed stupidity had worked in his favor. He knew Supreme Leader would be pleased, not to mention General Hux. Kylo Ren relished in the anticipation of what lay ahead. Chapter 2 : The Feeling Of Home Rey had only been in training for a few months, under the direction of Kylo Ren and General Hux. She was to study beneath both of them, but answer only to Kylo as he was now her mentor. Snoke had been satisfied at Kylo's achievement in bringing Rey to them, however he delivered constant reminders about how Light she still was and how weary they would have to be with her. Snoke believed she could be fully turned, but advised Kylo and Hux to remain on their guard with her at all times; and to carefully and steadily extinguish her spark. ---x--- Each day, they trained long and hard, preparing and readying themselves for battle, should one arise. The days were lengthy and taxing. Rey had been allocated her own personal quarters, not far from her master's chambers. At the end of each tiring day, she would return to her new personal living space, which was a far cry from what she used to call home on Jakku. Gone were the days of scavenging for food and shelter, existing on mere morsels, fighting the blazing daytime heat whilst battling the freezing cold night air, feeling lucky if she ever managed to find water, only to be forced to choose between drinking it or bathing in it. No...those days were over. At the First Order HQ, Rey had her own room, private bathroom, plenty of hot running water, not to mention food delivery droids 3 times daily and a clothes laundering service which provided fresh clean garments every single day. For so long she'd felt she was nothing more than worthless desert trash. But now, she finally began to feel human, more than she'd ever felt in her life. She could not deny how perplexing that felt. All thanks to the First Order, and to him.... Kylo Ren. ---x--- Training under Kylo was extraordinary. He was, in fact, an excellent teacher. He exuded power, not just in battle, but in his everyday being. It was mildly intimidating, but Rey felt so completely safe with him. It baffled her that at one time, he was the enemy and she truly believed she were to end him. He had given her a home, a new life and a status. He helped her find her place within the First Order. She was grateful. Each day, their bond strengthened as they trained together. She had begun to admire him; she'd always found him intriguing, but was now filled with the utmost respect for her master and all that he did. She held immense admiration for how he fought for his beliefs. It was enticing watching him dedicate himself to the Order. He felt her admiration through the Force. He received euphoric blissful pleasure from that. He often lost himself in her. It was so easy for him to tap into her emotions; her feelings. It was intoxicating. The way they felt one another, yet never spoke of it. Sometimes, she would catch him looking at her, the way he'd looked at her that first night, upon offering himself as her teacher. The world around would cease and it was only them. Their breathing would slow, along with their beating hearts as their eyes locked and their minds connected. He looked at her this way often. He felt exceptionally protective of her. He had taken her under his wing and intended to stay beside her, but he had not anticipated this shift in his feelings. He wanted nothing more than to shield and protect her. He found great difficulty in the days of combat, watching her train and learn, watching her get hurt, receive scars and wounds he wished he could prevent or take away. However she always bounced back, proving herself an incredibly strong warrior, which cemented his beliefs in her becoming a powerful Force-user. ---x--- Back at the bar, Rey, Kylo and Hux were winding down for the night. Training had gone on solidly for what felt like days and they were all exhausted. It was nice to finally kick back for a while. Although the two men were her superiors, everyone was a little more relaxed on nights like this. Kylo and the General appeared to be friends of some sort, which Rey found odd as they barely behaved this way, and their work relationship was very different indeed! The two men barely saw eye to eye and there was an ongoing power struggle which frequently distributed tension round the base. Everyone learned to adapt to it though.. But now, they laughed and made jokes, whilst knocking back a few more drinks. Rey, feeling at home and safe, felt herself totally relaxing, sitting very close to Kylo; now her main source of comfort. He edged closer to her where they were sitting on the soft velvet-covered sofa bench. He wanted so much to be near to her. It never seemed appropriate, but now, things felt right. He swallowed hard as her bare arm lightly touched his. His heart felt like it skipped a beat; his skin was tingling. She closed her eyes and leant over ever so slightly so that she was leaning on him in the gentlest way. Hux's voice came back into the room as Kylo realised he'd been talking this whole time, about Lord knows what, and he hadn't heard a single word of it. His mind had drifted elsewhere as he looked down at the soft waves of brown hair of his trainee, flowing around her delicate shoulders. Normally, she wore combat garments; grey, brown or black trousers, tunics which displayed none of her femininity (had she any?), black combat boots and with hair tied back. But tonight, she sported a very sophisticated black dress, with white flowers on it, shaping her in all the right places, revealing her petite yet toned figure. Kylo found it difficult to concentrate on what Hux was saying; he responded with just enough to keep him at bay. All he could do was think about her, and the feeling she was stirring inside of him. Her head rested on his shoulder; eyes closed. She was enjoying the gentle idle chatter, the atmosphere, the feeling of home . "I think I'll call it a night then" Hux announced as he stood up, suddenly. Rey awoke startled; she hadn't meant to fall asleep. Kylo, too, was surprised. He hadn't realised just how cosy him and Rey had gotten. Hux must have noticed. Kylo suddenly felt embarrassed. He had never discussed his feelings for Rey with the General, but it was all too clear now. Hux was not naïve. Kylo stood up; "Don't go. Its still early. Stay for another?" Hux stared back at both of them. Rey was still in a half sleepy, half drunken state. "What's happening, are we going home?" Kylo and Hux stared at one another; Kylo feeling everything Hux was feeling through the Force. Hux knew that Ren was doing that and wished he would stop! Or wished he was gifted enough to be able to read Kylo. He knew what he was thinking, however. Hux could tell that Ren had developed very strong feelings for Rey. That he cared for her, wished to protect her but that he also longed to be close to her, to touch her, to make her feel things she had probably never felt before. He knew those feelings all too well; having formed somewhat of a fondness for Kylo Ren a long time ago. No one in the First Order knew about them, that they were occasional lovers. Their endeavors were few and far between. They were not in love; the two powerful men simply had an attraction to one another which generated an abundance of sexual tension. These men did not follow the same rules as the Jedi; there was no ban on relationships, love or sexual pleasure, and they certainly did not restrain themselves when the feelings struck. Hux knew Ren wanted so badly to touch Rey; to feel what she felt like. She was so enticing, Hux could see why Ren felt for her, and he too found her to be a delicious specimen; craving her soft touch as well. Each knew what they both wanted. It had been a long time since they had introduced someone else to their...arrangement Kylo could sense that Rey felt something for him too and was desperate to explore this side of their relationship. He was her master after all. And her, his student, his apprentice, his.........pet? Oh how he wanted to make her his pet. His body tingled at the thought, something stirring deep inside him. He wondered; would she accept Hux? All three headed back to HQ, making their way to their part of the base. Rey began towards her bedroom, before Hux called out; "Rey...?" She had fully expected to go to her own room, to bed and to sleep. "Would you, uh.. like to accompany Ren and myself to my chambers?" He stood tall, his face serious. "Oh...its late, I thought I'd just..." she tipped her head towards the direction of her quarters. "Well we figured the night is still fairly young" Hux mused. Ren stood by in wait, running a hand through his black curls. "...Have some company, rather than being alone?" She pondered. They truly were making her feel at home here. She broke into a smile "Sure, why not?" Hux lead the way to his room. Chapter 3 : The Nature Of Desire Once Kylo and Rey were inside, Hux closed the door and activated the lock. He stilled himself for a moment before turning round to face the room. Rey sat on the bed, not knowing where to look or what to do with her hands. She had never been in the privacy of Hux's quarters before and took a moment to look around and admire her surroundings. Her eyes drifted around the room, and then she looked back at the two men, giving a small smile, then gazing down at her feet. The corner of Hux's mouth curled up into a sly smile. He glanced at Kylo who was also smirking. "You like what you see, Rey?" She looked up and replied; "Oh, yes, its beautifully decorated. Very classy". "I wasn't talking about the room..." the General's eyes fixated on her. She blinked a few times and refocused on his face. Did he just say that? Yes... The response came from Kylo's mind. Rey glanced at him, her head feeling light, her body trembling. A hazy feeling washed over her as she watched Hux slowly walk towards the bed, kicking off his shoes. She swallowed hard. She had not properly looked at him before, she had failed to notice how much power he too radiated. He gazed at her as he began slackening his tie. Rey blinked again. What was happening? He unbuttoned the top button of his shirt. Kylo had stood and began to loosen his belt. Desire flared within her; she had just gone for a few drinks, and now, here she was, sitting on Hux's bed, with her two dominant superiors undressing and walking towards her. She backed up onto the bed a little. She could have left if she wanted to... Obut she wanted this. She surprised herself. She knew deep down, she wanted Kylo Ren, but she had no idea she wanted Hux as well. She cared deeply for Kylo, and needed to feel him within her. She did not have strong feelings for the General, yet she suddenly longed to have him inside her as well. The feelings were electrifying. Kylo threw his belt to the floor and peeled his shirt off. There he was; standing there in all his glory for her to see. She squirmed on the bed. A warm feeling spreading through her. Her breathing became heavier. Hux held back a little, allowing Kylo some time to explore his new pet. His tie lay loose around his neck, his shirt open revealing his soft red chest hairs. Kylo Ren snaked up the bed to where Rey was. This was new; he had never behaved this way before with her. I want you ... He knew Hux could not hear these thoughts. You look so delicious She could see the want in his eyes. She began blushing fiercely. He pushed her back gently so that she was now lying down. He hovered over her, his thick dark locks hanging in her face. He gradually brought his face closer to hers; she could feel his hot breath near her. She drowned in the heady feeling of lust; her sexual appetite increasing. She was a virgin in every sense of the word. Kylo leaned in to kiss her; their first kiss. Her body was aflame as she felt the skin of his bare torso. In all honesty, she'd fantasized about getting her hands on him for so long. She ran her hands up and down his back; she could feel his scars from previous battles; the deep wound from Chewbacca's bowcaster. She stroked over it gently, memories of the past casting over her mind. He flinched slightly in pain at her touch, yet didn't seem to mind too much. The pain aided in heightening his arousal. His tongue delicately caressed her lips and mouth; she felt so soft. He kissed gently over her neck as his hands began to roam her body. She moaned as she lost herself in the sensations. She was very much aware that the General was nearby, watching. Kylo began undressing her, sliding her dress up her delicate body. Hux decided it was time to join in the fun. He made his way over to his bed, continuing to stare at their little prize. The sight of his lover with his mouth on this girl was simply divine. She looked appetizing and he too wanted a taste. His arousal had proved too much as Rey noticed he had released himself from his under garments; rubbing his cock gently as he approached, his swollen head glistening as he pleasured himself, panting hard at the sight before him. She was shocked and excited. With one hand still on his cock, he used the other to finish slackening his tie, which he removed in one swift motion and tossed in front of Kylo. Kylo dragged his lips down Rey's exposed flesh, one hand holding her right hip firmly as the other traveled up the underside of her dress, stroking over her breasts, feeling her nipples becoming firm under his touch. She tossed her head back. Hux let go of himself as he slipped his shirt off and cast it aside. He climbed onto the bed, stroking her delicious milky thighs. His cock stiffened as he ran lengthy fingers up her leg. Kylo had been peppering kisses delicately down her torso, hearing her wondrous gasps and moans. He stood up now to finish undressing, while the General took over. Rey stared at Hux as he towered over her. He looked into her eyes. Lustrous red lips placed next to her ear. "You are so incredibly fuckable" he panted as he slid off his slacks. Ren approached once more. Her core throbbed at the sight of these two men. Kylo firmly gripped her little body and turned her over so that she was facing away from him. He picked up Hux's tie, gathered Rey's arms at the bottom of her spine and carefully tied her hands together, tightening the knot. Ren and Hux smirked at one another, very much enjoying this exquisite sight which lay before them. Kylo traced his fingertips along the hem of her panties; her rear beginning to raise ever so slightly. The tension inside her was building, she wasn't sure she could handle it. Hux took his length into his hand once more and stroked himself as Ren's finger caressed Rey's behind, slowly tracing along her centre, causing further gasps from her. He felt her warmth. She wriggled on her front, trying to get comfortable. Ren parted her thighs, tracing thick hot fingers along her burning skin, sliding down, pushing her panties aside, feeling her wetness as he glided a finger across her slit (another gasp!). She bucked her hips up trying to obtain some friction. She felt herself burning with desire. She needed those fingers. Eyes remaining shut, she whined and keened as he slooooooowly teased around her entrance. This was torture. "Pleeeeease" she began to beg. Ren smirked. Before she could think, two fingers slid deliciously and easily into her. Her eyes rolled in the back of her head. Groaning, she bucked further back onto him. Do you like that, my pet? Mmm, yes master. Hux moved himself in front of Rey, his thumb stroking her cheek as his index finger trailed down to her lips and he pushed inside her mouth slightly. She hummed around his finger, which he slid all the way inside, towards her throat, making her suck and almost gag. She closed her eyes. He tipped her chin up; "Did I say you could stop looking at me?" Her walls became even more slick, as her arousal increased. Hux respected the boundaries which were set in place by Snoke, and had never given her orders during training, or otherwise. He barely acknowledged her all that much during work hours, really. She soon learned he was very different in the bedroom. Hux kneeled in front of Rey. She dared not to break their gaze this time. He continued holding onto her face with one hand as he began jerking off again. His strokes getting quicker as he panted hard. He couldn't wait any longer and pushed his cock inside her beautiful mouth. Her tongue lashed over the length of his shaft as she carried on staring into his eyes as he wanted. He moaned; his gratification bringing her pleasure. He pumped in and out of her mouth, red hairs brushing on her lips. His hands, firm on her face, moving to hold her head in place as he fucked her. Elsewhere, Kylo had also begun pleasuring himself, as his fingers explored the soft slick folds of his new lover. She was still half dressed, as he had only pushed her dress half way up before tying her hands together. He watched Hux's slick wet member slide in and out of Rey's mouth, moaning as he fucked her, hands on the back of her head, holding her in place so he could take her mouth as he wished, staring into her eyes. Kylo was so turned on at the sight of his lovers. He slid a 3rd finger into Rey as she hummed on the General's shaft. He pushed in and out of her delicious wet centre; she tightened slightly around him. Rey's legs were hanging off the edge of the bed and Ren thought she could do with being a little more comfortable. Sliding thick fingers out of her, he slowly brought her legs up onto the bed. He removed her heels revealing dainty little feet which he had the sudden desire to kiss. He pushed her feet forward and slunk down the edge of the bed so that he could kiss and suck on her delicate little toes. He jerked himself furiously as he did so. He then stood up and pushed Rey's thighs together, pulling her rear up slightly to reveal her delicate pink flower; soft, swollen. He could see just how ready she was... Chapter 4 : Taking Turns Rey's glistening core was on display, dripping wet with arousal. Her breathing was erratic. Hux, too, breathed heavily as he gripped her soft brown hair, pushing himself in and out of her sloppy mouth. He stopped for a moment, knowing what Kylo wanted; what he was about to take from Rey. Kylo stood, stroking his swollen cock readying himself. Rey looked over her shoulder as her lover used his fingers to hold her open as he seamlessly slid himself ever so slowly into her. Velvet. Plush soft warm velvet. He bit down on his lower lip, his eyes descending into the back of his head. He was taken to another plane of existence. An entirely new realm of pleasure, which he had never felt before. She gasped with her eyes shut as the entire galaxy slowed to a stop, feeling Kylo's thick, hot, throbbing member push into her tight, virginal entrance. He stilled for a moment, relishing the feeling. Enjoying the moment. Her heart did double-beats. Short gasps accompanied her heavy breathing. He let out a grunt, holding onto her hips which were now pushed right up into the air, her face down on the bed, enjoying the feeling of every nerve inside her burning with desire, her body completely on fire! They continued to lay still, his dick throbbing inside of her. He stroked her sides and kissed down her back, knowing just how sensitive she was feeling in that moment. He felt everything through the Force. After several calm moments, Ren began moving inside her, her dripping wetness aiding in the act, helping to ease any pain. Hux took her by the chin, lifted her head and eyes to look at him as he re-entered her mouth. Closing his eyes in ecstasy, he once again slid in and out of her mouth with ease. She rolled her tongue around his thick wet cock, as Kylo took her the way she wanted from behind. With a man in each hole, at either end of her, she felt like a piece of meat, a glorious fuck-hole for both of them, and she couldn't have felt more turned on by it. You like being our toy, don't you sweetheart? , Ren sent. She whimpered on the General's pulsating dick, pushing her rear out just a little more. Hux savoured the feeling of her, moaning as he began to go rough on her now, slamming in and out of her face, spit escaping from the sides of her mouth. Kylo Ren's face flushed as he pushed into her velvet cunt, fucking her as he held her hips tightly, his big hands gripping on, beginning to leave bruising there. He very much enjoyed the mouth-watering sight of his first lover getting his cock sucked by this amazing girl, and seeing her splayed out, completely vulnerable on the bed as the General hammered into her face, bucking wildly, giving no care for how much he was slamming her mouth raw, simply enjoying his own pleasure. Ren's cock hardened inside of Rey watching Hux go to town on her. He pushed her thighs together so her puffy cunt lips were pressed together, plump & perfectly angled for his needs. She felt tighter suddenly and Ren slowed a little to enjoy the sensation; holy shit, she was tight. He was almost 100% certain he was the first man to take her in this way, and he relished every moment of it. Hux withdrew from her mouth and began jerking himself off, as he stood back and watched his playmates continue. Rey's hair was a sweaty mess, strands sticking to her face as her moans escaped in bursts matching Kylo's thrusts. He was enjoying himself far too much, getting lost in her, as he mounted the bed and continued to ride her as he leant down to kiss her; she turned her head so that she was again looking back over her shoulder, as he placed a slow gentle kiss on her beautiful lips; he smelled the faint aroma of Hux having been there only recently. He brushed his lips along her shoulders, neck and back, his thick dark locks caressing her burning skin. Her cunt felt incredible wrapped around his thick, swollen member; tightening more as he took her, knowing exactly how she liked it. He panted into her ear as his carnal urges took over, fucking her with an all-consuming ferocity, bringing them closer together, in body and in the Force. As well as their own pleasure, they could feel one another's, and it was almost too much to bare. The tension building within them was exhilarating. Hux approached; "My turn" he announced. Ren grudged stopping, but also knew he had to share. He sat back on his legs, bending his head back, as Hux kissed him hungrily. Kylo stood up, moving out of the way. Hux loosened the tie around Rey's arms; she shook her wrists, relieving the discomfort. Hux hovered over her back, leaning down trailing kisses along her spine, inhaling her sweet scent. He pulled her dress up over her head and tossed it aside, so that she was fully naked now. He put his hands on her hips; "Turn over" he commanded. Her heart skipped a beat again; she was vaguely humiliated to find she enjoyed being ordered around so much. Ren sensed her embarrassment. Just enjoy, my pet. You are pleasing us so well; you are so fucking delicious, my darling. Kylo bit his lip as he looked at her flush pink little body, knowing they were nowhere near done with her yet. She flipped over onto her back. She felt a little bashful and insecure lying fully naked for her lovers, but received far too much gratification from it to even really care. Chapter 5 : Ask Nicely Summary: So, this is kinda short...and pretty much straight to the point. Its total PWP trash. <3 Rey's arousal heightened as Hux stood behind her. She closed her eyes, excitement pooling in anticipation. He slowly placed his hands on her hips. Her body covered in gooseflesh as he gripped her tighter. He parted her legs as his hand stroked its way down her ass, his thumb grazing her clit; she was swollen and hot and ready. She winced and moaned at his touch. He had barely touched her and she was coming apart in his hands. "Fuck, you are so wet for me"; she found Hux to be less gentle than Kylo as he pushed 3 fingers inside her, without much of a warning. She gasped but certainly welcomed the feeling. Kylo now stood in front of her, at the edge of the bed; she looked up at him. She whined as Hux began roughly fucking her with his fingers, pushing in and out relentlessly, making her buck and moan. Kylo Ren took hold of her by the chin and stroked her bottom lip with his thumb. She opened her mouth, pushed her tongue out and licked teasingly at his fingertip. His cock twitched, wishing he was in her mouth, but first he wanted to play a little. He was enjoying himself far too much to rush this. Achingly slowly, he slid 2 fingers into her warm wet mouth. She began sucking with no hesitation; he couldn't take his eyes off her. She wrapped her ruby lips around his fingers, sucking hard as he pushed in and out, making wet sucking noises, wishing it was his prick in her mouth, so she could taste his pre-cum. He read her thoughts. You'll get what you want sweetheart, don't worry She fluttered her eyelashes looking up at him. His eyes remained on her, still. Hux slicked his fingers out of Rey, holding her open, smearing her juices over her lips and thighs. He moved down to taste her sweet pussy, his tongue lapping over her opening, the heat radiating off of her. He moaned onto her cunt at the very taste of her. So sweet and tangy. He couldn't get enough. He grazed his tongue up and down her lips, holding her wide open for ease of access. She could feel how hard he was against her. Before long, Hux took himself in his free hand and began stroking quickly, getting harder; pre-cum beading at the head of his cock, as he thumbed over the wet tip, tasting more of Rey as her arousal increased. His tongue slid deep inside of her, swirling round, his mouth sucking on her delicious sensitive lips. Meanwhile, Ren stroked his length, pressing against Rey's lips. She wanted him in her mouth so badly, but toyed with him a little, not opening her mouth so eagerly. Her lips stayed pursed as he rubbed the head of his throbbing cock on her lips, his excitement leaking down the side of her face. "Open your mouth" he commanded. His words sent a warm buzz through her body. She looked up at him. A disobedient grin on her face. Her mouth staying tightly shut as she shook her head side to side, the lust in her eyes apparent. Ren was getting worked up, pushing his dick against her face and mouth. He did not want to beg. He held himself, stroking, pressing hard against her lips, pushing back and forth, knowing how much she wanted to take him. "Open... now!" She couldn't bare to wait any longer, and at last she opened her mouth to take him. He shuddered as her mouth enveloped him, keeping eye contact. He held the back of her head as he eased achingly slowly into her mouth. His eyes closed as he lost himself in her, pumping in and out gently, her lips wrapped deliciously around his thick, hot, member. He released a low "hissing" sound as he watched her, his cock disappearing into her mouth, her cheeks hollowing around him. He slipped out of her mouth, and gave a knowing look to his red-headed lover. Hux halted in his actions, and stood once more, on his end of the bed, continuing to jerk himself off, as he watched Ren move Rey, so he could get on the bed. She sat back on her legs. Ren lay down on his back. "Come here" he motioned to Rey. She moved and began to lie atop him. "Turn around", his commanding tone made her want to obey. He pulled her to him as she turned around. He lay her ontop of him, facing away. He opened her legs, big hands palming her, thick fingers stroking her sensitive clit. Her head fell back and to the side, his lips tracing across hers in a messy kiss. He took himself in one hand, as he held her tightly with the other. He could feel their body warmth, skin on skin pressing between them. It felt intimate and erotic, even though Hux was nearby. He pushed her legs open wider as he found her entrance with the tip of his cock, slowly stroking himself. He rubbed himself on the wetness of her cunt. "Are you ready?" he asked. A pause, and then... "...Yes" He wasted no time pushing his swollen cock inside her, feeling every inch of her walls close around him, as she shuddered and moaned loudly. Her head dipped back, and her beautiful hair fell into Kylo's face. He lay down fully, relaxing into the position as Rey pulled her legs up and rested her feet on his thighs as she began to ride him, gently, but getting harder by the second. Hux couldn't believe the sight before his eyes. He watched intently, pumping his hand so hard over his own cock. Hux looked on. "She is so wet for me!" Kylo exclaimed. "Is she now?" Hux asked. "Mmm..fuck...yeah...so sloppy" Rey moaned louder at the sound of her superiors talking about her as though she wasn't there. She secretly enjoyed feeling like a piece of meat for her men. Kylo Ren held onto Rey's petite hips as he fucked her hard in this position, her pussy's juice dripping down her thighs. Hux stood closer now, laying a hand on her hip, as he fucked his hand with his sticky cock. He stroked over her clit as he got closer now, her moaning and writhing underneath him, watching Kylo's dick gliding in and out of her. Her beautiful cunt lips splayed wide open for them. Her nipples were ridiculously hard. Hux leaned down and played with one then took it into his mouth. "Mmmm" he moaned on her. He carried on pumping his cock as he watched Ren's face drop to the side, sweat pooling on him, his hair becoming a damp, ridiculous mass of messy black curls, completely lost in the sensation of Rey's tightening cunt around him. His climax was building fast. Hux wanted to cum too. He looked down at Rey's feet, getting more excited. He grabbed at both her feet, pulling them up, pushing them together around his stiff cock, rubbing them up and down, giving himself a glorious foot-wank, her beautiful toes pointed for him. Her own orgasm was fast approaching too. She clenched around her lover's dick, trying to hold back as she panted wildly. He raised his head, mouth hot on her ear. "Do you want to cum?" "Fuck...yes...pleeeeeease" - her begging was music to their ears. "Ask nicely" Hux called out. Her nipples hardened into puckered little buds, pussy juice dripping out, making an utter mess of the bed. Sweat covered them as her face reddened and she begun to shake. "Please, please..let me cum... I'll do anything" "Anything?" Ren asked. "Uuh.. ANYTHING !" "Are you going to take it like a good girl?" Hux posed. "Yes, yes.. I'll be good, pleeeeeeaaaaase " "Cum for us, darling..." That was all she needed, and she fell apart in the hands of both her men. Eyes squeezing shut as her orgasm washed over her, her breath ragged as she moaned like a whore, cumming hard over Kylo's cock, arching her back pushing herself down on him. He couldn't wait any longer and held her hips as he fucked hard into her, one last time, his core tightening and clenching as he felt himself spill inside of her, pushing desperately into her as he emptied himself. Hux found the sight of both his lovers reaching the edge all too overwhelming. He pumped himself hard, holding Rey's feet down, ankles together, rubbing the tip of himself on her dainty pointed toes. Two more pumps and hot jets of white sticky cum shot across Rey's feet, coating her. Hux grunted hard, his face grimacing and reddening as he completely lost control, cumming all over Rey's feet and ankles. Kylo's head fell back, eyes shut as he panted and held Rey in place, feeling her warm body relax against him. Cum seeping out of her, dripping down onto his legs. Hux's grip on Rey began to soften, as he came back to reality. He looked down, noticing that whilst both his lovers were totally spent, and perhaps without Rey even realising, her dainty little toes were pointed outwards, perfectly displaying Hux's gift to her. He bit his lip, before crawling onto the bed, scooping Rey into his arms, her back to his chest, as she lay cuddled up facing Ren. All 3 drifted into slumber. Chapter 6 : You Belong To Me Summary: Rey has awoken and fled! Oh no, morning after shame! This chapter is pretty Kylux-heavy.... in fact its complete kylux trash. Its the first piece of Kylux I've ever written though. Happy with it :) Kylo Ren's vision came into focus as the morning light shone through. Looking around, he remembered he was in the General's room... in the General's bed . A tiny smirk graced his lips as memories from the previous night flashed through his mind. Him.. the General.... and ... Rey . Oh, Rey...how perfect she had been. Kylo had finally taken her the way he wanted her. A warm buzz flowed through him at the memory. They'd had a lot to drink, and everyone's desires had been revealed. Kylo glanced over to see the General's naked back, his fiery hair, still in order, but with a slight morning kink to it. Heavy breathing indicated Hux was still asleep. He looked around and noted that Rey and her clothes were gone. A pang of guilt came. She was probably embarrassed at having let herself go so far. How would things be from now on? Would they all just put it behind them as a drunken mistake? A night of madness? Would she blame them? Blame herself. Would she flee? He couldn't think now, he would worry about it later. His head pounded slightly, but nothing a little more sleep couldn't fix. He closed his eyes and relived the memories over and over in his mind, until he began to drift off. He felt the bed covers move, as Hux turned over. And then... a hand snaking up his stomach... Ren smiled with his eyes still shut. "Morning" Hux cooed. Ren didn't answer. Simply drew Hux closer to him. It had been a while since they did this. Since they'd been like this. Ren pulled the red-head flush against his body, feeling his morning wood straining against his leg. "Do you think she's alright?" Hux enquired. Ren knew the General was thinking about Rey, also. "She will be fine. Its just the initial shock" Ren re-assured. "She's gonna come back... I know she will." Kylo Ren could feel Rey through the Force. He felt her embarrassment, as well as her desire. He could feel her close by which meant she hadn't fled the base. He knew, it would only be a matter of time before she came back wanting more. ---x--- The General continued to snake his hands up and down Kylo's taut body. Endless training had done wonders for him, as Hux stroked his hard muscles. His cock became flush and wet. His hands found their way into fluffy dark hair, pulling lightly. Gentle kisses on the knight's neck. "Its been a while..." "It has.." Hearts beating together, Kylo rolled over onto his back as the General mounted him. He leaned down, kissing his knight seductively. Running a tongue over his neck, nipping his earlobe. Kylo's hard cock was red and flush and leaking onto his stomach as his desires for his first lover were re-ignited. They stared at one another as Hux retrieved a small bottle of lube from his bedside drawer. He squeezed a generous amount onto his fingers, replaced the cap and tossed the bottle aside. He spread Kylo's thighs, then stroked his wet slippery fingers over Kylo's tight hole. Kylo's cock twitched, as pre-cum beaded at the tip. "You were so lost in that girl" Kylo swallowed deeply. "I was beginning to think you were trying to make me jealous on purpose" Kylo's breathing quickened. The General's sloppy fingers traced his entrance, slowly but easily opening Kylo up and slipping inside. One finger at first. Kylo hissed, shutting his eyes. "You feel for her.... I know" the General's tone of voice remained the same. He was calm & composed as he looked down at Ren, feeling ever so dominant above him, sliding another finger into his tight hole. "I know you have some kind of bond with her" he scissored his fingers now, opening Ren up nicely for him. Hux's own cock was rock-solid as he fingered his lover. Kylo was rendered speechless as pleasure jolted through him, the General beginning to hit his prostate. Ren looked up at Hux with a guilty expression. Hux chuckled as he slipped a third wet finger into the knight. "Ren, don't look so worried... we both know what this is." The General shoved his fingers hard into Ren, causing his back to arch, making the knight practically levitate . This amused Hux to no end. "Uuuuunnggggghhhhh" Ren stuttered, his cock leaking all over his stomach and down his sides. "Please...touch me" "Why, Ren... are you begging? How uncouth." pleasure tingled through the General as he found his place above Ren; one of his more favourite places to be. Controlling Ren. Owning Ren. Hux refused to give into his begging; despite how delicious he thought he looked doing so. Kylo pushed his hips up further and further, desperate for any sort of contact on his cock. He couldn't deny the unexplainable pleasure he felt inside from the General's fingers, his sweet delicious hole clenched tightly around long, skinny fingers. But the ache in his hard throbbing cock was almost unbearable. He needed to be touched. And he just knew the General would happily deny him until he was reduced to a screaming, begging, debauched MESS before he would even consider touching Ren. "You can have whatever you want with that girl.." Hux was still cool, calm and collected, ramming his fingers so hard into Ren now, his other arm holding him down by the shoulder. The General had barely even broken a sweat, whilst Kylo was wet and dripping; his own pre-cum sliding down his body, mixing with his sweat as he panted like a wild animal. "... as long as she won't get in the way of this..." Hux proclaimed, referring to him & Ren's .... whatever this was! "...and as long as we can have nights like last night" "Mmm, yes, General, I'd like that. You can have her too. You know I will share" "I know you will, Ren. Do not think I will not go to town on that girl" "Wouldn't dream of it" "I didn't take her last night. I could sense her.. purity. I knew she belonged to you in that way" - Ren shuddered at the memory; her tightness. Everything about how delicious and willing she had been. How he was the one to have taken her. For the first time. His prick stiffened more at the thought. "But I will have her, Ren. I'm going to fuck that girl while you watch. And I know you will feel a pang of jealousy..." the General trailed off as he pulled his fingers swiftly out of his knight, and carried on talking. Kylo whined at the loss of contact from Hux, his insides feeling suddenly empty. His cock was still hard and raw and begging for contact. Tears pricked his eyes at the thought he might not get off this morning. That he would have to go back to his quarters, and finish himself off. "...but the joy will come from not knowing whether you are jealous of me...." Hux lubed up his cock and jerked himself to full arousal. "...or of her." " Pleeeeeeeease, General" Kylo whined with need. "You really are a needy thing this morning, aren't you?" Kylo gasped, breathing heavy. He couldn't help himself. Hux pushed the head of his cock towards Ren's entrance and stilled himself. Ren spread his legs wider to allow the General more access. Hux waited.... " FUCK! Come on, pleeeeeease fuck me! I can't take it anymore" Hux smirked again, then rammed himself fully and sharply into Kylo who let out the most delicious sounds, groaning and howling as he took the General's cock like a good boy. Hux fucked with abandon, rutting against his knight. "You want this? You fucking want this?!" Hux threatened, slamming his hips hard against Kylo, obscene slapping noises and whining and groaning being the only sounds filling the room. "Yes, yes please General" Kylo muttered. "You know what I want to hear" said the General, his voice beginning to get husky. His cheeks only now turning a slight pink colour. Ren's eyes shut and his head tossed back as he lost himself in ecstasy. He moaned low in this throat, but otherwise stayed silent. "Come on, Ren... don't tell me you've gone all shy now?" He made eye contact once more with the red-head. "I'm yours" Ren whimpered. "Sorry, what was that, Ren? I didn't quite hear?" "I'm yours!" Kylo shouted. Hux looked fully pleased with himself. "Who do you belong to, Ren?" "You, General! I belong to you. You own me, I'm yours! I'm your whore who likes taking it up the ass!" He gasped as the General's cock stiffened inside him. Hux's eyes blew wide with feral desire, his body beginning to glisten with sweat. Grabbing Ren's arms and shoving them above his head, Hux picked up the pace and fucked so hard and deep into Ren, hitting his prostate over & over, making both of them dizzy. "You are my dirty little fucking whore, Ren. My wanton needy bitch, who I will take whenever and wherever I fucking feel like it" He pumped with ferocity into Kylo, abusing his tender hole. "And I am going to fuck you in front of her , Ren. I'm going to show her what a needy little nympho you are. I'm going to show her how you like to be taken. What a good boy you are for your General. Would you like that, Ren?" "Yes, yes... fuck me hard, General, please. Do everything to me. Show her how you like to cum on my face." "Yeah, you'd like that Ren wouldn't you? You want her to see what a depraved sexual deviant you are. Should I show her, Ren? Hmm? Should I show her how much you love being treated like a whore? Hmm?" Ren's grunts and groans were coming thick and fast now, and he could feel he wasn't gonna last much longer. "Show her how you were once... my little pet? Maybe she will follow suit, huh, Ren? She's made a promising start. Maybe she too will let herself be tied down, and fucked, and used up, getting cum on her from all angles, hmm? Do you think she would like that? To behave just as her master once did? A magnificent piece of meat, splayed out for all and sundry to come and spill their loads onto?" "Uunngghhhh" Ren grunted hard as Hux took him in hand, fucking him relentlessly, pumping Kylo's dick hard and fast, until thick white ribbons of cum spattered between the two men. Hot sticky release soaked Ren's stomach, dripping down onto Hux's bed sheets. He panted hard as he came down from his orgasm, the General still keen to finish. "Where do you want it, Ren?" Ren looked up at him. "Answer me" the General took hold of Kylo's face with one hand, the other holding tightly to his hip, as he rutted inside the knight, desperate for his own release. His mouth sneered into an evil snarl. "In my ass" "In your ass, what?" Hux gripped Ren harder now, skin turning white from the pressure of the grip. "In my ass...please....sir" Music to the General's ears. He closed his eyes, taking Ren as hard as he wanted, seeking his own pleasure. He was not gentle. Hard and fast, he fucked the knight's hole like there was no tomorrow. Feeling his balls tighten, he clamped his fists into Ren's hair! "Take!" "My!" "Fucking!" "Cum!" he slammed against Ren with every word, until his vision whited out, and he peaked the crest of his orgasm, grunting over Ren as he spilled inside of his knight, throbbing and pounding inside him, as Ren's hole clenched and milked the General of his seed. Hux came down slowly, slipping out of Kylo, feeling his cum seeping out after him; their bodies nothing but a mass of sweat and cum, swollen, red, fucked out bodies, reclaiming themselves, coming back to reality. ---x--- They lay motionless except for Hux stroking Ren's hair & forehead tenderly, nuzzling into his neck; the knights arm draped around his General. It had, indeed, been a while. Kylo Ren wanted Rey. It appeared Hux and he still had fire for one another, but he could feel in the Force how much the General wanted Rey to come back; to be part of things. To come to his bed, and be their new playmate. Both hoped they hadn't scared her off.