PROLOGUE She’d let it go too long this time. Rey knew from the moment they entered the airspace of Galactic City. For once, she didn’t resent relinquishing control to the automatic navigation; punching in the destination, she curled into the chair, her arms locked around her knees. Sinking into the chair with her eyes fluttered shut, Rey inhaled slowly through her nose, desperately trying to find a cool tranquil center inside her. The peace of meditation eluded her though, with the ragged cadence of her own breathing alarming her. A trickle of sweat ran down her neck and Rey rubbed at it irritably. The press of her hand against her flushed skin felt so good, but it wasn’t enough. The blazing sun of Jakku had never left her so simmering and restless as the heat now racing through her body. “Rey? Are you going to make it? It’s not too late to go back. If you’ve changed your mind…” Jess’s voice called from the rear of the small ship. The black-haired pilot lay in her bunk, pale and weary beneath the thin blanket. Rey heard the tremor in her friend’s voice, and the distress of another pulled her from her daze. Jess had more time left than Rey did, but not that much. She’d seen Jess grinning and relaxed after skirmishing with First Order TIE fighters. She was the youngest and the toughest member of Blue squadron, without a doubt. But the Resistance pilot had been shaking by the time she finished her shift in the cockpit, on their way to Coruscant. They had to make it. After coming all this way, making all their plans…this was supposed to be the solution to her problem. Supposed to make the hunger go away, make the dreams stop. Get him out . “Yes,” Rey replied, her eyes opening. “It is too late. We’re not going back.” She unfolded her legs and reached for the panel. Shaking off the haze of heat, she swallowed and gripped the lever. “I can’t go back.” I. The dreams began after they returned to D’Qar. She had thought that finding the last Jedi on Ahch-To would be the end of her difficulties, but as it turned out, the peaceful sage she’d been seeking didn’t exist. In his place, she found a tired old Alpha with a puckish sense of humor that surfaced at the oddest times. She discovered Luke Skywalker standing atop a cliff, peering at her inscrutably. The lightsaber extended in her hand was acknowledged only with a silent shake of his head. Puzzled, Rey fumbled out an explanation of how she’d found it in a trunk at Maz Kanata’s place. Luke’s grim eyes regarded the weapon before rising to meet hers. “I’d rather have the hand back. Did you find that?” “What?” A wry smile slid over his lips, and Rey saw light come into his blue eyes. “Never mind. I’ve grown used to this one. You hold onto that ‘saber.” “But it’s yours,” she frowned. Her arm fell to her side. “My name is Rey. I came to bring you home. They need you. General Organa- the Resistance- a lot’s happened. I’m not sure where to start.” “The beginning is usually a good place,” the Jedi said. He turned to gaze out at the ocean, and the lines of his face softened. “We’re going to sit down in my hut and have some tea. You can tell me about yourself, Rey. And then you’ll tell me about the last days of my old friend, Han.” A lump grew in her throat. “I’ll try.” Luke nodded. “And then. Then we can talk about going home.” “You’re a real pain in the ass, you know that?” General Organa’s words welcomed them as they stepped off the ramp of the Millenium Falcon, into the Resistance base. Luke grinned and wrapped his sister in a tight embrace. “I missed you too, Leia.” When the general pulled back, her eyes were wet. “Don’t go soft just yet. Rey needs a teacher.” Standing aside with Chewbacca, Rey jumped a little to hear herself brought into the moment. Luke glanced her way and nodded. “We’ve already begun. You do still have a way of collecting extraordinary people.” “Keeps things lively. Doesn’t she need to make her own lightsaber now?” Leia’s eyebrows rose as she spotted the weapon at Rey's hip. “Eventually. But I don’t need this one anymore. And Rey can handle it.” Rey shifted uncomfortably, and Chewie patted her shoulder, growling with approval. Her lessons aboard the ship on their way back to D’Qar had been going well, with Rey showing increased control in her use of the Force. For the most part anyway. That damned remote. Much to the Jedi’s delight, Chewie dug up an old training remote that Luke had used with Obi-Wan Kenobi decades ago. Luke tinkered with it, repairing the emitter, while reminiscing about his old master “Ben” as he called him. (“He’d have liked you,” Luke told her. When she asked why, he just shrugged and resumed wearing that annoyingly calm smile.) As naturally as handling the lightsaber had come to her on Starkiller when she faced Kylo Ren, stopping the blasts of the training remote with a lightsaber was another matter. The remote stung her so many times, she tried to hide the thing by stuffing it into the ship’s garbage chute as soon as Luke went to sleep. In the morning, it was back, hovering outside her bunk as Skywalker huddled in his robes nearby, drinking a cup of tea. “We’ve kept you from your wife too long. Her latest message was...quite insistent, I’m told. She misses you,” Leia said to Chewie. “Thank you for staying by his side all these years.” She didn’t have to say who the he was in this instance. Her sorrow for her lost husband was written in her eyes. “When Rey needs a co-pilot, I’ll be there,” Chewie replied in Shyriiwook. Leia’s forehead wrinkled as she tried to understand. His growls slowed. “I’m sorry about the boy. When he was young, I held him up…I am sorry.” “Ahhh,” Leia’s eyes darted to Rey. “Did you catch any of that?” “If we need him for the Millenium Falcon, he’ll come back.” Rey slid an arm around Chewbacca and squeezed. She couldn’t think of a way to convey the rest of Chewie’s message about the general’s son. The boy who had once been her son , Rey amended to herself. But he’s gone now. I think- for a moment there when Han touched him, I saw Ben Solo, felt something shake in the Force, something lift- but that’s over. She felt a dull ache settle in her chest, and a flash of guilt, the same one that had plagued her since Starkiller Base. Leia didn’t appear to notice anything was amiss. She shook the Wookiee’s hand gratefully as he departed to find his shuttle home, and turned to catch her brother up on the Resistance’s current operation. Luke and Leia strolled into the headquarters in sync, and trailing behind them, Rey saw the resemblance in the Alpha Skywalker twins. Their physical similarity was mild but the strength with which they carried themselves, the sureness and the set of their shoulders marked them as kin. She saw that same powerful carriage in Kylo Ren when he confronted her and Finn in the forest, the same grace when he slashed with his lightsaber. But while the twins’ strength was restrained, there was no leash on Kylo Ren’s power. He poured fury into his talent, and the aggression showed with every swing. She was still in awe at how he’d fought even with a bowcaster shot that should’ve killed him, and would have killed almost any other human. Their duel in the snow haunted in her ways she couldn’t explain to Luke when she recounted the last few months of her life, when they spoke on Ahch-To. In ways she didn’t want to explain, if she were being entirely honest with herself. When the dreams began soon after her return to D’Qar, long nights filled with dark eyes and a potent Alpha scent, Rey wasn’t even surprised. The dreams always started in the same place: A grey sky sunset, on the high dune just beyond Rey’s AT-AT on Jakku, the place she would wander to when she was feeling the loneliest and wanted to remind herself of how large and full of possibility the galaxy was. Where she could see for miles if anyone was coming for her. “The high ground, that’s smart. Safer.” From behind, his arms slide around her middle and his scent is suddenly everywhere. The indefinable lush aroma that made her mouth water and her thighs squeeze together. “Not safe from you,” Rey replies, covering his pale hands with her own. His lips nuzzle the nape of her neck, and she shivers, though the day’s heat hasn’t faded yet. “Were you waiting for me?” His grip strengthens and she feels breathless, hauled against the warmth and hardness of his body. “No, I wasn’t.” Her mouth curves upward with the lie. “I was looking at the stars.” His large hands spin her around until her nose bumps against his chest. She laughs and his fingers capture her chin, forcing her to look up and face him, face whose arms she stands in. Kylo Ren traces her full bottom lip with his thumb, while his other arm seals her tight to him once more. “I could show you the stars.” His brown eyes follow the path of his finger against her lips. “I could show you everything you ever wanted to know.” “I’d rather figure it out for myself,” Rey says, and realizes the sun has gone down, leaving them in starless night. Her arms are empty and cold, and she falls to her knees, panicked and grasping handfuls of cooling sand. “Wait! I didn’t mean-“ “Shhhh. You’re not alone.” He’s there again, kneeling; his arms wrap around Rey and swing her around to lay her before him. She feels fabric beneath her back, her palms, her bare thighs, and it’s then she realizes her clothes have disappeared in the darkness. She recognizes the rich black fabric beneath her body and sliding between her fingers now- it’s his outer robe. He doesn’t need it, or anything else as he crawls between her thighs as nude as she is. The kiss begins at her throat, with his black hair tickling the sensitive skin of her cheek. Her laughs turn to moans as the kiss sinks down to her collarbone, his lips dotting the path. By the time his teeth lock around her nipples, each thoroughly taken in turn, Rey’s nails have dug into his shoulders, marking him with crescent moons. His eyes never leave her face as his fingers explore between her legs, spreading her wetness as the long kiss lingers lower, past her navel. When Kylo’s kiss finds her open and ready for him, juices flowing, Rey is past shame. Her knees fall apart and she demands with her fists in his hair, her hips rising to meet his chin, his mouth. With every tug, his tongue presses harder, lapping up the taste of her, letting her soak him until he’s drowning in her. “Please,” she breaks. “I need more. It’s not enough.” He rises over her, his broad shoulders heaving, and she shivers. She’s too hot, she can’t stand it. She drags Kylo down to her, sliding her hand between their bodies to grasp him. “I need you.” “You need my cock,” he murmurs, rutting his thickness against her. “My Omega.” “Yes,” Rey moans, burning with it. “Now.” She squirms against him, nudging his cock against her entrance. “Do it.” “Tell me,” he demands; but the softness in his eyes makes it almost a plea. “My Omega.” “Omega, yes,” Rey says, wrapping her arms around his neck and kissing him between every word. “Your Omega. I’m yours.” Triumph covers his face, and the sensation of being overwhelmingly filled rushes over Rey as he thrusts into her. Yours…. Rey awoke with a hot flood of shame; there was no slow call to awareness but an instant understanding of how bad – or how good, rather- the dream had been this time. Her body ached, her nipples throbbed, and her panties were soaked through to her sleeping pants. She laid in bed for a half hour, waiting for the fire in her core to die down before she gave up. Slipping under her covers, her hands dipped into her underwear to find her clit tender and ready. Rey worked her wrists into exhaustion and in the end, came remembering brown eyes and the scent of a particular Alpha. How many more nights can I take? Rey thought. Weeks of frenzied dreams and the madness hadn’t ended. Instead of fading with time, the scent only grew stronger and her nights more sleepless. In the morning, she resolved to find a way to take control of the situation before the wildness of heat took it from her. Halfway across the galaxy, Kylo Ren lay awake on his hard mattress, having long given up on sleep for the cycle. He was always restless this part of the year; his time was coming, only a few weeks remained by his estimate, but he usually had a better handle on it. He might be Alpha but he was a Knight of Ren, he had more discipline than that, despite what some thought. Working on completing his training with Snoke, he should be getting better, not more out of control. Something had changed, and he had a suspicion of what it was. Kylo idly traced the rough line slashing diagonally down his face; a memento of a girl he’d underestimated. She was formidable and in his arrogance, he’d been defeated. He wouldn’t make that mistake next time. He’d healed from the devastating bowcaster blast, and was in the best shape of his life. When he hunted down the rebels and tore apart the Resistance, he’d start with her. A vision of hazel eyes gazing up at him with wonder and need flew into his mind. His heart beat faster, and his mind filled with the half-remembered image of a nude woman wrapped in his black robe. He couldn’t see her face, but he smelled her scent, like salt, wind and sand, and a hint of something fresh and green. Kylo Ren sat up in bed and swore. He would hunt the scavenger down. He would do whatever it took to make the damned dreams stop. Chapter 2 Summary: A gathering, a prediction, and preparations are under way for Kylo and Rey. Thanks to SoYeahSo for the beta reading and feedback! The Knights of Ren stood in the chamber of their Supreme Leader, awaiting his judgment. Kylo Ren contemplated his companions as they filed in one by one to join him in the dimly lit room. Each knight was unique and strengthened the order in their own way, but each one was powerful and every one of them an alpha. Sazina Ren entered first, her long and loose black robe covering an incredible assortment of blasting weapons. She was an expert with all of them, he knew. The Teevan knight Chrywumppa Ren never spoke. His silver face betrayed nothing. He knelt in the chamber, silently meditating, the swell of dark power around him suffocating like a fog. They were joined soon after by cunning Keren, who barely reached Kylo’s shoulders and disguised her freckled face with a mask much like his own. Dirrivon Ren, fresh from a long run on the Outer Rim, crackled with unsteady energy. His hulking frame barely fit through the portal to the chamber. Ejoimo Ren hurried into the room after him, scanning the area. Their tiny black eyes caught every flash of movement, Kylo knew from experience. Their left hand never left the lightsaber at their hip. Last to arrive was the arrogant Arkanian knight Ferassmo, who wielded a double-sided lightsaber. He was known for taking special pleasure in challenging alpha warriors and killing them in front of their mates. The Seven had not been reunited in several years. With the rise of the First Order, the Supreme Leader’s knights were scattered across the galaxy, carrying out his will and serving as his eyes. But the Knights had always thrived on testing each other’s boundaries, skills and their growing use of the Force. Coming together, Kylo wondered how many duels would be fought between them before they separated again. After weeks of restlessness and lost sleep, he was looking forward to it. The more he resolved to fight them off, the worse the dreams of the scavenger overtook him. The fury of his coming rut was pushing up under his skin; his skin crawled with it, his hands curled into fists waiting to pummel his enemy into submission. The urge to hunt and conquer and break was rolling over him with the viciousness it did every spring cycle. And now, he had a chamber full of willing opponents. Under his mask, Kylo grinned with anticipation. The only thing he was missing was an omega to celebrate with after his victories. Someone to cry out his name while he pushed her to her hands and knees, and gave her his- The door slid open, and Kylo yanked himself from his pleasurable reverie, drawing all his being and focus into the present moment. The Knights of Ren dropped to their knees as one. Supreme Leader Snoke glided into the chamber, his grace at odds with his gnarled form. Their leader’s icy blue eyes gleamed, taking in the semi-circle of knights before him. “Rise, my alphas of Ren. You have done very well.” Kylo smiled under his mask, and sensed barely concealed feelings of joy at the compliment through the Force around him. From Dirrivon and Keren, he suspected. They were still capable of feeling happiness, last he had seen them. The sense of smug satisfaction was no doubt coming from Ferassmo. “The training is complete. You are Seven. You are one. Alpha without omega. You are complete.” Snoke’s eyes fell to Kylo, and he felt a surge of gratefulness to his master. He had won forgiveness for his failure on Starkiller Base. And with Snoke, there was no shame in being what he was, in his power and his strength as alpha. “The Jedi has returned. I have felt his presence.” Snoke’s eyes narrowed. “Your uncle.” “Not my family anymore, I swear it,” Kylo said. “Skywalker…he has returned to the rebels with the scavenger.” The leader’s scarred mouth twisted in a way that could almost be called a smile. Kylo’s heart skipped a beat. Rey. He’d heard her name echoing around the chambers of her mind when he’d probed her for the map. “With Rey,” Snoke added, his face expressionless. Kylo shivered. Sazina Ren stepped forward, pushing her hood back. “Supreme Leader, we must act before the people rally around the Jedi. I suggest a tactical and immediate strike on the location, if you can provide it.” “D’Qar, naturally. He’s gone to the base. But it is… not time yet.” “Supreme Leader, Sazina is correct- they’ll rally around Luke Skywalker. The Republic and the Resistance worship him, he’s their greatest hero. If he’s come back, that’s all they’ll need-“ Snoke cut him off with a slow growl hardly above a whisper. Beneath his helmet, Kylo felt the hair on his neck stand on end. “Do not question me, Kylo Ren. Patience is the gift I cannot give you, it seems. But you will learn it.” He lifted a finger and flicked it toward the other knights. “Leave us. But you,” he said, turning his finger to Kylo. “You remain.” Dread filled him and he knelt before his master. The doors slid shut and Kylo was alone with the Supreme Leader. He braced himself for the ripples of pain that would no doubt be flowing through his mind in seconds. Instead of pain though, he felt a feather-light touch on his shoulder. Looking up, he saw Snoke gazing down at him. “I have seen things. The Dark Side and the Light uniting, and you will be made stronger for it. A woman. D’Qar will fall. And you will become more like your grandfather, as you desire. A sacrifice must be made.” Snoke’s hand fell away from his shoulder. “You will leave for Coruscant in a week.” Kylo’s head swam with the information. Grandfather…D’Qar…a woman… “Coruscant? My lord, I had been considering-“ “Yes, Coruscant is where you go every year at this time. Fortuitous, isn’t it?” Snoke said serenely. “Carry on with your plans. You will be stronger for your time away. And when you return, then we will begin.” Kylo Ren watched Snoke disappear through the portal, still trying to absorb the strange meeting. The Knights. Coruscant. D’Qar. D’Qar will fall. And his mother with it, no doubt. Leia Organa would never leave the base while any living person was still there, needing her. His stomach tightened, and he swallowed, willing away the odd pangs in his gut. He returned to his own sparse room, ignoring his fellow knights in the corridors and pulling open the datapad before he even removed his mask. A moment’s research brought him the names of the establishments on Coruscant providing the lists of services he needed. He made it a point to never return to the same location two years in a row; he didn’t want to take the chance of running into the same person, be it staff or client. Crossing off the houses he’d been to before, he was left with three good places on levels that didn’t seem too unclean. Browsing options providing by the businesses, Kylo felt his restlessness return. Restraints, safe words, scenting. He heard his breath turn ragged beneath the mask. Annoyed, he stripped out of his mask and clothing, and set his lightsaber aside carefully, curbing his impatience. It wasn’t until he was down to his black briefs that he finally felt comfortable. Running a hand though his hair, he found it damp and rough. Touching his throat, he felt heat rising from it. He didn’t bother to find a medical droid. This was standard for him in his pre-rut time. His temperature always rose when he was close, his entire form vibrating with unspent energy. Knowing the fact didn’t make it any less irritating. Or make him any less hard with only a single touch, he thought, his fingertips grazing his cock. Kylo highlighted one Galactic City house and sent them a message, making a priority appointment for the following week with requests to follow. He tossed the datapad aside. Jumping up, he threw himself into an exhausting routine of Vaapad forms, hoping to drain some of his aggression and hunger with the exercise. He contorted his body and stretched every muscle until he breathed heavily and sweat poured from him. Kylo worked himself until weariness emptied his mind and he laid down in his bed, certain he’d found peace at last. But when he surrendered to sleep, the dreams came and he was in her arms again. The alarm blared and Rey stumbled from her bed, her limbs still heavy with sleep. She glared at the chrono displaying the time on the wall, unwilling to believe it had already been three hours since she crawled under the covers for a “quick nap.” The small com link on her bedside table beeped insistently at her until she clicked it on and barked a greeting. “REY. You’re late. You’re supposed to see medical. Then get over here. I’ve got the info.” She recognized Jess’s bright chatter over the spotty com link connection. “Also more of that brandy because Snap owes me one and we could use a good drink.” “Chrono’s broken,” Rey grumbled as she pulled on her boots. “Why don’t you just knock on my door like a normal person, Jess?” “Because people don’t love it when omegas near heat are wandering the halls,” Jess said as though it was obvious. And Rey supposed it should have been obvious. It would be, to most people who had grown up in crowded cities and towns, or most anywhere that wasn’t a remote outpost. Even though she’d lived among other people for a few months now, some things still baffled and surprised her. “I mean I’m alright, it’s safe here on base and I’m still in control but I think my scent is getting strong because even betas are starting to run to open doors for me. I hate that bantha fodder.” Rey laughed and grabbed her vest, zipping it over her sleep-wrinkled shirt. “I’ll be there soon.” She hesitated, and then grabbed her staff. Jess might swear they were safe, but Rey remembered well the heat-hunters of Jakku who acquired omegas for the Hutts to enslave. She’d had too many close calls with them before she learned how to fight, and she hadn’t survived so long on her own by counting on the goodness of others. Well maybe there are a few exceptions , she thought; Finn and Chewie and Han’s faces flashed through her mind. Her grip on her staff tightened, and she exited her door, locking it behind her. Most people were not like the friends she had cautiously acquired in the last few months. It was as exciting to her as discovering an untouched wreckage, waiting for her to search out the good bits worth preserving. She still marveled at the novelty of having a friend like Jess, where they could simply learn each other, and enjoy each other’s company without a particular purpose. Jess and Poe were also the first human omegas she had ever known, and seeing them treated as equals and heroes in the Resistance was reassuring. On Jakku, she knew how she was seen by the others: that skinny young girl who lived in the shell of the Empire’s leavings. They were suspicious of her accent and of her refusal to accept any alphas that passed through Niima Outpost. She was barely an omega to them; not rounded and receptive in shape, but toned and narrow. Rey honed herself to sharpness, hoping to keep them all at bay until her family returned. The people of Niima didn’t question when she disappeared for days at a time, glad to be rid of her when her extremely rare heats came. To be wanted simply for her friendship was not something she ever dared hope for, on those nights when she looked up at the stars and dreamed. She was very much reminded of her omega status when she took up living on D’Qar though. The healthy rations packed with vitamins added a few much-needed layers of fat to Rey’s body, rounding her hips and thighs and adding a touch of a curve to her belly. Her muscles were as hard as ever, with her agility growing every day under the Jedi exercises led by Master Luke. But for the first time in her life, Rey had more than enough food, and she was loving it. The nutrients restored the natural balance of her body, and that was why after less than three months at the Resistance base, Rey knew she was going into full heat. “Well, damn.” The physician showed her the read-out on the display again, charting out the alarming spike of Rey’s hormones. “You must’ve suspected, since you’re here.” The woman- her identification read Doctor Tanja- looked at her candidly. “Yes, I haven’t felt well for weeks.” Rey sighed. “It’s been so long since I had one. ” “How long?” The physician scratched her grey head. “That can be a factor.” Rey’s forehead furrowed in thought. She thought back- she’d last had a heat just before she found the wreck of that gorgeous speeder fifteen miles outside Niima, and she’d gotten seven portions for the lot, a fantastic take. She did the calculation in her head. “Two and a half years?” The physician’s eyes bugged out. “Oh dear. Oh honey, you’re not going to have a good time of this.” Rey clutched her staff. “It’s not that bad, right? You can give me something to slow it, to make it easier?” Doctor Tanja shook her head. “I can get you set up with birth control- I recommend a double set for omegas, actually, given your extreme fertility. Some sedatives if you want to soothe the anxiety. But I can’t undo the complete hormonal change happening in your system for the sake of convenience. It’s dangerous. If you wanted to look at a permanent alteration, such as those who decide to no longer express omega traits,” the physician said delicately, “We could eventually consider a procedure-“ “No, no, not that,” Rey stuttered. “I want to be omega, I am omega.” She felt herself blushing. “I’m not sure if I’m prepared this time around.” “Well, get prepared,” the woman replied bluntly. “Given your hormone levels, I’d say you have a week, maybe less, before things get very uncomfortable for you.” “I’ve been talking with a friend about doing something. To take care of a heat, if this was really it,” Rey admitted. “Oh good,” Doctor Tanja replied. “Double reproduction-control implant set?” Rey looked up sheepishly and then grinned. “Yes please.” “Well, what do you think?” Jess sipped her brandy. “I’ve been to that first one. The rooms are really nice, but the couple who run it are kind of pushy. And I like to take my time.” Rey settled onto the cushion beside her friend, and grabbed her glass. “So all these places- they all offer the same…services?” Jess smiled. “More or less. They’re all heat houses. It’s pretty straightforward.” “Not to me!” Rey fiddled with her topmost bun, adjusting the tie. “How does it work exactly?” “Well, everyone knows Coruscant has the largest amount of heat houses.” She waved at the long list of locations given for the planet. “So if people don’t want to go it alone during their rut or heat time, they go to a heat house. They’re very safe, everyone takes the security of the omegas very seriously.” “What about the security of the alphas?” Rey asked. Jess shrugged. She grabbed a hair tie and pulled back her long black hair. With her early-heat time setting in, her temperature was rising too, Rey noticed sympathetically. “Anyway, you’re totally in control. Generally there’s a scenting room, where they let people be introduced to each other, so you can find an alpha that’s to your liking.” She took another sip of her brandy. “Usually people are pretty far along in their heats by the time they get there, they’re not too picky. You just need a strong body that smells good with a thick knot that’ll get you through the next few days.” She glanced at her friend. “Or the next week in your case. Honestly, Rey, two and a half years? This heat is going to last forever.” She groaned. “I know. At least I got this taken care of,” she added, showing the freshly healed incision on her arm. “Oh did you get the double repro-control set?” Jess asked. “I did.” “I have it too. Good decision. You know the best thing about the heat houses though? You don’t have to worry about contacting the alphas afterward or whether they’ll contact you. No names exchanged, no feelings once the hormones die down. No strings attached, just glorious free fucking with an alpha who has no claim on you. And then you fly away and everything’s back to normal,” Jess said cheerfully. No claim on me, Rey thought. No claim. The thought of it lifted a weight from her chest she hadn’t realized was there. She flipped through the photos on the display provided by the heat houses, showing the bedrooms and suites on offer. She closed her eyes and saw herself face-down on the last bed she glimpsed, her limbs spread out on the oversized black-sheeted mattress. She imagined turning her face sideways, her fingers curling into the sheet, and her back arching as the alpha’s hands stroked her sides and cupped her ass. Rey licked her lips and envisioned lifting her hips and rocking herself back against her alpha’s groin, begging without words for him to take her. In her fantasy, she felt the tip of him grazing her wet folds in a long slow tease before she turned her head to look at her alpha and demand his cock inside her. In her waking dream, the dark eyes of Kylo Ren met her own. Rey jumped. “You okay?” Jess’s eyebrows rose. “I get spacy when I’m near heat too. I’m not scheduled for any missions for the next few weeks.” “Yeah,” Rey trailed off. “Jess?” “Hmm?” “I want to schedule an appointment with a house. Any one. You pick, I don’t care.” Rey nodded grimly. “I just need this to stop.” Chapter 3 : Coruscant Summary: Kylo fights; Coruscant night; Meeting Bix; Catching the scent Notes: I'm sorry this chapter was delayed! It took me a while to figure out my approach for Coruscant and the next couple chapters. Thank you to everyone for your reviews and feedback! Thanks to Soyeahso for the beta reading as usual! “Is that all you’ve got? Maybe the girl took more than just a layer of skin off your face.” Sazina Ren scorned as she sank into a crouch. Her reddish-golden arms lifted in a gesture of invitation. “Juyo-based attacks again? Honestly, Kylo.” Leaning against the wall, with his chest heaving and a trickle of blood running from his nose, Kylo knew he was dangerously close to losing his first duel among the Ren since he had joined their number. He was scattered, irritable and Sazina’s barbs were striking too well. He had to regroup. Finding the core within and focusing on slowing his breathing, he lifted his head and spoke. “My apologies, Sazina. I nodded off for a moment. Were you doing something?” He smiled pleasantly and brushed his hair away from his eyes. “You know how I drift off when I’m bored.” The energy in the room shifted, and the lines of power between them clashed as each combatant pushed, switching from a physical duel to a battle of the Force. From the sidelines, Ejoimo and Keren watched with gleaming eyes. Dirrivon had already retired for the day to tend to a shattered collarbone, thanks to one of Keren’s maneuvers. The reunion of the Seven was going as well as expected, with dozens of fights occupying the last week. Snoke had left them to their amusements, vanishing into his chambers. The Stormtroopers on the starship were cutting a wide circle around them after a man on security detail had entered the room during Chrywumppa and Ferassmo’s match three days ago, and been hit. It would’ve been a mild injury but in his annoyance over the interruption, Ferassmo had taken the trooper’s head. Kylo had won half a dozen duels in the past week, taking down every one of his companions, but Sazina challenged him again the day before he was due to leave for Coruscant. He insisted on no weapons for their last fight; he had no desire to deal with the repercussions of killing a Ren on the eve of his rut. Knowing that he was headed for shore leave didn’t take the edge off at all; nothing killed the primal energy running through his veins. Every alpha instinct in his body was switched on, hunting and hurting and feeling . The very air tasted crisper, and his connection to the Force grew stronger, with every life on the ship bleeding together until he was overwhelmed and sickened with the potency of it. It was too much. He remembered being overtaken with the feeling when he was a boy and trying to tell his father about it. But Han was a beta, and baffled by "that stuff" as he used to call it. “I’m sorry, kiddo. Your mom probably would know.” His stomach lurched as Sazina stabbed at him with pure power; her presence left in his mind the acrid taste of smoke and old blood. Rippling pains rolled through his body and he stifled the urge to vomit. The Force-choke wrapped around his stomach, gripping him with deadly strength. The other knight smiled, a shine of vicious delight reaching her copper-brown eyes. She thrust her hand out and the flow of power increased. Kylo closed his eyes and crossed his arms over his abdomen. The visual helped him shut out the mental knife Sazina was driving into his belly. The agony abated and his fractured thoughts resumed cohesiveness. A thought occurred to him- she was too focused on one area. She often was, it was a weakness of Sazina’s. She thought it would win her the battle, but her laser-like intensity blinded her to other things. Kylo allowed himself to buckle to his knees, gripping his stomach. A groan spilled from his lips as he projected feelings of complete defeat and draining life through the Force. Sazina stepped closer, ready to claim victory with a last strike of power. Kylo’s head fell to the ground, his forehead smacking the hard surface as his legs curled up into his stomach. Sazina towered over him, her face aglow with triumph. Her hand rose, and lightning gathered in her palm. Her fingers braced to deliver the blow. Focused on her victory, she didn’t see Kylo’s hands dart out and swiftly grab her ankles until it was too late. “Oh you -“ The lightning in her hand sparked and fizzled, and Sazina staggered back as he yanked hard. As she stumbled and flexed to regain her balance, Kylo leapt to his feet- and neatly punched her in the nose. The fist landed with a heavy crunch. As she recoiled, he threw himself at her, using the full effect of his height and weight on the slimmer knight. She landed on her back and before she caught her breath, found Kylo Ren sitting on her chest, his legs bracing her arms against her sides and his hands locked around her throat. Peering down at her, his dark eyes blazing with the power of the Force, Sazina knew she’d lost. “Do you yield?” “Dirty trick,” Sazina spat. “Your Jedi uncle teach you that one?” “Do. You. Yield, ” Kylo demanded, his fingers tightening. “Yes,” she conceded through clenched teeth. “I yield.” Kylo rolled off Sazina and stood. He wiped the trickle of blood away from his nose and bowed to his opponent. Watching with approval, Ejoimo and Keren applauded their companions and stood to take their places for the next match. Kylo picked his helmet off the floor and donned it. He strode from the room without acknowledging the knights further. It was meaningless anyhow; all of it was. He still seethed with restlessness. If anything, it was worse now. No, it hadn’t been his uncle who taught him how to use low tricks or deliver a punch. Keep your fists up and protect your eyes, Ben. And your nose. Don’t let ‘em get your nose. Your eyes’ll water like a bastard. He felt a stab of shame as the memory of the gravelly voice flickered into his mind before he could stop it. Clamping down on the sensation, he used long-practiced strategies to control it. He saw himself depositing the thought in the nearest garbage chute. Shred it and throw it away, he reminded himself. As he turned the corner to the hall that led to his room, his stomach rumbled. His evening meal should be sitting out for him already as he’d requested; there’d be hell to pay if his extra portions of protein weren’t waiting for him. He needed to stock himself up, get ready for the punishing physical process of rut. What he’d just gone through against a Knight of Ren was nothing compared to what his muscles would go through in the next few days of rut. His entire mind and body would be dedicated to satisfying his innate need to mate. No matter how exhausted, the urge to copulate would return. When the omega begged, the alpha couldn’t refuse; it wasn’t in their nature. Kylo entered his chamber and removed his helmet. The scent of hot, spiced meat greeted his nose. Setting aside the helmet on his bed, his stomach rumbled again and he dove into the food. He needed to listen to his body, he knew. And after the mess of the last few months, the tangled dreams and the battles that still raged, he wanted nothing more than to disappear into an omega for a week. In the morning, he transferred to another starship headed for the Core and spent two days there, pacing and snapping at anyone who dared approach him or his quarters. When the ship neared Coruscant, Kylo prepped a one-man shuttle and departed hastily with his lone traveling bag filled with a change of clothes. He wouldn’t be arriving on the planet as a knight; Kylo Ren would cease to be for the next seven days. He didn’t allow himself to think about why that felt like such a relief. If her body wasn’t on fire and sucking away her enjoyment of the view, she might’ve said it was the most incredible place she’d ever seen. The sun was setting and Coruscant’s three moons rising as their shuttle landed in Galactic City. The planet was lit with a glow of colors from the skytowers that stretched into the atmosphere. The hum of the sprawling city was deafening, and the millions of minds existing so closely together created such a wall of energy, Rey staggered as she stepped from their small transport. She closed her eyes for a moment, and drew on the strength of the Force to center her and close out everything else. Their hellish journey from D’Qar finally over, Jess and Rey gratefully transferred to the airspeeder that would convey them to the entertainment district. The docking station Jess had chosen had an Omega Safe Zone, free from the presence of unwanted alphas. The beta attendant eyed the women sympathetically as they wearily completed the transfer. “Here’s your ride, this one coming up. It’s a beauty, great on the spin.” She smiled at Jess, and handed Rey the document pad. “I don’t think I can drive this,” Rey admitted, staring wide-eyed at the scarlet vehicle that pulled up in front of them. The airspeeder rumbled as the engine idled. In the back of her mind, the part not squirming with physical discomfort, she wondered what sort of compressor they were using. “You don’t have to,” Jess laughed, throwing their bags into the storage compartment. “I started out with a ‘speeder like this when I was fourteen. Just hold on, we’re almost there.” A pair of racing airspeeders flew overhead, their engines blaring. Rey winced as a wave of fumes filled her nose with a chemical stench. Jess inhaled happily. “I missed the city. Been too long since I visited. Alright, I’m losing steam here. Let’s move.” She slid into the driver’s seat, and Rey awkwardly climbed over her to the passenger seat. “How far down do we have to go?” Rey asked, looking over the edge of the vehicle. “How many levels are there?” “Not sure. A few thousand, maybe?” Jess grabbed hold of the flywheel and fiddled anxiously with the dial to the right. “But we’re headed for the underworld. All the heat houses are there. Down hundreds of levels from here so we need to get moving. Sorry, I’m getting impatient. I can be a real jerk when I’m close to heat.” She turned her flushed face to Rey. “How about you?” Rey noted the redness of her friend’s cheeks and realized how well Jess must be disguising her symptoms in order to stay strong. She felt a pang of fondness; Jess had been a rock for her in the last month especially, she’d have to find a way to make it up to her when this was over. Jess pulled away from the dock, and the airspeeder rose slightly before dipping down a level and sliding into the middle airlane. The lights around them blurred and the wind picked up. Rey sank into her seat and relaxed as the breeze cooled the sweat on her brow. “I don’t know what I’m like,” Rey admitted. She paused. “I’ve never spent a heat with anyone. So no one has told me…anything about how I am.” “Kriff! Rey!” Jess looked at her incredulously. “I wouldn’t have pushed this for your first time with an alpha if I’d known that. I just assumed-“ “No it’s fine,” Rey interrupted. She gazed out at the city and smiled. As the vehicle descended, the moonlight in the sky disappeared and they were surrounded by only the multicolored glow of the signs of Coruscant. The buildings of the city, the pinks, blues and greens, all melded together as they sank farther from the light. No natural illumination survived so low; the structures of the city choked it from every corner. “It’s not important. It never was, to me. I managed on my own, on Jakku. It was hard but I did it.” “Can I ask what changed?” A dozen levels flew by, and all natural light was gone by the time Rey answered. “I did.” Coruscant was as filthy as ever, he saw. The grime of the city-planet and its denizens, constantly on the prowl to take credit off you, annoyed him on every visit. But the place had its purpose, he could admit that. Kylo dropped the shuttle off at a First Order office, and ignored their offer of a vehicle. He didn’t want to be seen in one of theirs; the formality and markings of their transports was apparent to anyone with eyes, even when they attempted to go undercover. He did accept the use of their station house to change his clothes and clean up. In the private room, he packed his black garments and his helmet into his travel bag on the bed. Standing nude before the long mirror, he inspected the newest scars in his collection. Chewbacca’s bowcaster had taken an impressive chunk from his side on Starkiller Base, but the med droids had done a fair job of repairing the damage. A mess of white lines like a fat starburst now spread over his side. The scar on his face had, with treatment, healed to a line that twisted across his face. Narrow between his eyes, it widened as it moved down his cheek toward his lips. He was lucky he hadn’t lost an eye. Or his entire head. The humiliation of such a close brush was displayed on his face for all to see. So why did he feel like wearing his mask and helmet less than ever? He traced the scar, sliding his fingertips over the oddly textured skin. There wasn’t a day that went by he didn’t think of the lightsaber that dealt the blow; how the light scorched him and how he fell, certain he was seeing his death. His death in the form of a young omega standing over him, her eyes lit with rage, her fingers squeezed around a hilt, and her shoulders shaking with dark power as she fought every instinct telling her to cut him down. He heard the voice in her head, the one urging her on. She was close to the edge, as close as they’d been when they dueled on the cliff. She was more dangerous than any of his companions in the Knights of Ren. No wonder he wanted her so badly. After weeks of dreaming, he wouldn’t deny it anymore. Kylo Ren stared himself down in the mirror. Tilting his head to the side, he contemplated the hard planes of his body. He smiled faintly, seeing how hard his cock had grown while thinking of his brush with death. With Rey. It’s the rut, he thought, running his thickening length through his fist. Any omega will do. Find one, fuck her, and then forget her. “Right. Sure,” Kylo spoke to his reflection. He hated how much the sarcasm in his voice reminded him of someone else. Turning away from the mirror, he pulled his civilian clothing from the bag and drew on a pair of brown trousers. After slipping on a simple cream-colored shirt and forest-green vest over it, Kylo located the com link in the room. “Grallium House. Yes. Appointment code 2X9458 Alpha. Confirmed. Good, I’ll be there soon.” Sitting down to put on his boots, Kylo tried to remember the last time he dressed in civilian gear. His last rut, he’d been in too much of a hurry to switch his clothing. How many years had it been since he looked in the mirror and seen himself like this? Curious, he stood before his reflection again. His brows furrowed. He leaned over to the bedside table and found what he was looking for in the drawer: a stray hair tie. Pulling back his long black hair and securing it, he considered himself again. His ears stuck out as much as ever. When he was a kid, he used to use the Force to wiggle his ears to make his friends laugh. His mouth quirked upward at the memory. He hadn’t realized how much younger he looked with shorter hair, or the appearance of it. He rubbed his right ear and dropped the hand quickly. The burgeoning smile on his face fell away. Kylo yanked the elastic tie from his hair and threw it in the garbage bin. He grabbed his travel bag from the bed. Finding an air taxi shouldn’t take long. From there to the heat house and peace of mind within an hour, he estimated. Then his head would start to clear. Then, he could start to forget. Rey instantly loved the sugar-pink building on sight, with its golden detailing and white door. Its owner, however, took a moment to adapt to. “WELCOME!” The Besalisk boomed. “Welcome to Bix’s House.” A sly grin slid over his tan reptilian face. “You’re in luck, ladies. I…am Bix. I’ll give you my personal care tonight. You’ll have a good time.” His deep laughter was loud enough to make Rey take a step back. “Come on in, come in, come in.” The Besalisk waved them toward the door with two of his four arms, using the other two to scoop Rey and Jess’s bags from the airspeeder. “Thank you, Bix,” Jess said. “That would be great.” Rey glanced around; the underworld was as unnerving as it sounded from its name. Every spot that didn’t have a lamp or a glowing advertisement for a business was completely dark. The long alleyways between buildings were as black as starless space. As they exited the speeder and headed for the door, the groans and cries that emanated from the dark places reached their ears. “I think someone is hurting,” Rey hissed toward Jess. “We should help-“ “No, no!” Bix said, steering her toward the door. “It’s just a pair who can’t afford a lovely heat house like mine. Besalisks run the best places, you know. We don’t come in alpha or omega flavors like you humans. It’s better that way. You have the fun, we make the credits.” He laughed, and rolled his head toward the fevered sounds. “They’re almost done, don’t worry about it.” As Bix finished speaking, a pleased sigh emitted from the alleyway. “Alright then,” Rey said, nodding. She was no stranger to the notion of public sex- people in Niima Outpost weren’t exactly shy. They were a practical lot with a rough life. But she always stayed away from Niima when she was in heat. Here, the row of heat houses left the air saturated with pheromones. The raw scent of sex surrounded them; she felt her pulse pounding in her throat, and the rhythmic moans left her squeezing her thighs together. “Like I said.” Bix chuckled again, and his huge belly rippled with it. “Everyone’s having a good time.” He stopped abruptly and threw two arms out, pointing accusatorily at a Twi’lek skulking on the walkway. “You, get out of here!” Bix explained to the women, “Some alphas, they hang around the houses, they won’t come inside and be screened for compatibility or pay for a room. They wait outside, trying to bother the nice omegas and they don’t take no for an answer. They don’t respect choice. We offer the best protection. You picked a good place.” Bix grinned, and despite the strangeness of the underworld and the distraction of her own body, Rey returned his smile. “Thank you, Bix. I think we did choose the right place. Shall we take care of business first?” He patted her on the shoulder. “I like how you think.” The itch began as he soon as he stepped out of the air taxi, onto the walkway in front of the orange façade of Grallium House. It wasn’t an itch precisely; it was more like a…sting, he thought. At the top of his spine, a sharp sensation of warmth blooming into something uncomfortable and pressured. Kylo Ren gazed around the underworld, the garish glow of heat house signs lighting up the level on which he stood. He scanned the area, finding no overt threat. But still, there was something. The alpha instincts that had dominated his will all week went into hyperdrive. Kylo gritted his teeth, and his fist curled around the strap of his bag until his nails bit into his palm. The veins in his neck tightened and stood out, and his nostrils flared, taking in the excess of scents around him. Too many alphas. Competition, his mind whispered. His lip curled. No, these people were no competition for him. There was something else, something he wasn’t seeing, something he was… Feeling? Ignoring his reflex to stay present when surrounded by a walkway full of alphas in the underworld, Kylo exhaled through his nose and closed his eyes. Inhaling slowly, he let his consciousness expand, reaching out with his gift to hunt for the source of the itch. Searching deep and stretching with all his power, what came back to him was a scent- soft and tangy, he found it now beyond the musk of the alphas around him. Sand. Wind. The sweat of shoulders tanned by the sun. And something green, juicy and crisp- a spiky desert plant he’d once seen growing in the greenhouse his mother installed. His mouth watered, and with an unshakeable understanding, he knew. She's here. Kylo opened his eyes and smiled. He turned away from Grallium House and hurried down the walkway, following where his gut hold him to go. Scanning each house he passed, he grew more impatient. The alphas who stood in his path fell to the side one by one. Initially, he was subtle, using mind tricks to shoo away temperamental alphas spoiling for a fight but by the end of the first walkway, he threw an alpha against the wall without ever touching him. It was more than a scent. It was her. Her mind, her strength. His whole body was aching to possess it. Kylo tossed two betas from a lift and rode down a level to the next row of heat houses. Stepping out, the scent grew stronger with a wave of sweetness and hunger. He broke into a run. He didn’t stop until he’d pushed aside three more alphas and came to a breathless stop in front of a bright pink building. Kylo raised his hand and pressed the buzzer on the white door. Chapter 4 : Scenting Summary: The Scenting Room. Confrontation. Joining. Notes: Thanks to Soyeahso for the beta read and notes! So this chapter is fairly long and pretty explicit but that's what we're here for, isn't it? (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Do you have an appointment?” A bodiless voice rumbled through the speaker beside the door. “I have one with Grallium. What I also have is enough credits to buy this stars-forsaken place,” Kylo Ren hissed into the com receiver. He smoothed his palm across the door, feeling the mechanisms of the lock vibrate beneath his hand. And just beyond the door hovered the voice’s owner. He reined in his irritation, focused on the presence, and reached out with the Force. “You will let me in.” The voice chuckled. “What, you think you’re some kind of Jedi?” “No. I’m not ,” Kylo replied. Under his fingers, the half-dozen locks securing the heat house entrance flew open at once. With a flick of his hand, the door slid open, shocking the Besalisk female standing just behind it. Ah, Besalisk, Kylo thought. No wonder she’d been resistant to the mental manipulation. She recovered instantly, drawing blasters with two of her arms before Kylo stepped over the threshold, but the weapons soared uselessly from her hands with another wave of his hand. The door slammed shut behind him, and the locks reactivated without a touch. Reaching into his pocket, Kylo withdrew the holostick containing his health-screening results and credits transfer information. The Besalisk woman- a pink nametag adorning her massive white smock read ‘Leesa’- cocked her head to the side, curiosity lighting her eyes. “Now,” Kylo said between gritted teeth, nearing the end of his patience. “Who can I speak with about transferring my appointment from Grallium House to here?” A fresh sweep of awareness skittered down his spine. He could feel Rey’s closeness, her aching. Every second he had to wait was infuriating. He restrained the urge to throw the Besalisk aside and hunt for his omega within the house. His fingers flexed and cut into his palms. “We don’t let people hurt our clients,” Leesa warned. “Whatever you are. Whatever you pay.” Warily, she stepped behind the front desk, and inserted the stick into the port. The balance popped up and her eyes widened. The sum was more than ten times their usual fee. “Make me a priority on your alpha list, bring the woman Rey to me for scenting, and all those credits are yours. I know she’s here.” Leesa paused. “There’s…a process. Compatibility screening. Oral prophylactics. And we won’t force an omega to accept you. We can’t.” Kylo Ren’s eyes darkened, and a dream-vision of Rey spread open on his cloak, wet and begging, filled his mind. “You won’t have to.” If she weren’t coming there for something as uncomfortable and potentially awkward as a heat, Rey thought she’d like to spend a holiday at Bix’s just for the accommodations. The spacious bedroom’s walls and floor were a soothing sand color that reminded Rey of home- of Jakku- but the bedding was a deep midnight blue. Testing the bed, it felt like sinking into a gentle D’Qar sea. In her heat state, almost everything felt rough, but the fibers of the cover were soft, pressing her tender skin with just the right amount of support. The unadorned wall to her right was actually a floor-to-ceiling view screen, Bix had explained in his quick tour. If she wanted to see the stars, a Coruscant skyline or a sun-drenched lake, all she had to do was touch a button. The best part, however… “Anything? I can really order anything off the menu at all?” Rey said, eyeing the long list of food items on the holopad. She sat down on the bed, mouth starting to water as she scrolled through the menu of unfamiliar delicacies. “We’ve got the deluxe packages, so yeah. And apparently his brother owns some kind of diner nearby, so Bix can handle special requests that aren’t on there as well,” Jess said. “Not that I feel like eating much when I’m in the thick of it, but it’s nice to have options.” She added, “And the Resistance is paying for us to get laid so they might as well pay for dinner too.” She hadn’t think she could still laugh when she was shaking and sweating, but Rey found herself giggling. “So General Organa really provided the credits?” “Said it was the least she could do, after Starkiller. And you brought her brother home.” Jess glanced at the door, sliding open now to reveal a frowning Bix. “What’s wrong?” Rey asked. The Besalisk was hard to read using the instincts she had been training these last few months, but his grumpiness was written plainly on his face. His broad toothy smile had been replaced by a frustrated twist of his fleshy lips. “Nothing, nothing. Bit of a talk with my wife Leesa. Marriage. ” Bix boomed. “Always a hassle. Why, you hear something? No, you hear nothing. The walls are soundproofed. Be as loud as you like.” His grin returned with a vengeance. “Now, time to part ways,” he announced, scooping up Jess’s bag. “Back for you in a couple minutes, Rey. Settle in, get changed, be ready. We have a few candidates for you to meet. Good compatibility levels. I think you’ll like.” Rey’s stomach churned. She felt anxious in a way she couldn’t pinpoint, something beyond the usual skittishness induced by her heat. She sat up straighter. “It’s time? Wait-” Jess smiled, and turned to follow Bix out. “You’ll be fine. Use the com link if there’s really an emergency but try to relax. Let yourself enjoy this, Rey. Enjoy the freedom.” “Enjoy the freedom,” Rey repeated. She shivered and rubbed at her arms. Even the brush of her fingertips against her skin felt obscenely good. Jess waved and the door closed with a final thunk . It was happening, it was real. Beyond the doors, somewhere in the house of heat, there was an alpha waiting for her. Someone to cover and claim her and make the burning hunger die. Someone to fuck and fill her up and exhaust her with the drive of their mating, until there was nothing left in the world but their bodies coming together in furious need. Rey swallowed, feeling the wetness pooling between her thighs. She jumped to her feet and grabbed at her travel bag. She’d packed a light sleeping shift for the occasion; she’d better change into it now that she was soaking through her trousers. And it was just as well- the alpha was likely to tear her clothing from her, and she really did love her new vest. Even knowing the rooms were soundproofed, the hallway of the heat house seemed eerily silent to Rey. She’d stretched out her mind enough to know there were warm, happy, occasionally frantic presences in the rooms she passed moving from her chamber to the Scenting Room. But there was absolutely no sound coming from others, only her own slight panting as she willed herself to keep walking. The tension grew with every step, drawn tight like a worn coil of wiring ready to snap at the next engine thrust. The hairs on the back of her neck stood up, and the sensation raced down her spine like a warning shot. Calm, calm, Rey chanted inside. It’s just sex. You want this. You planned for this. And it’s the only thing that can make the dreams stop. Probably. Rey couldn’t understand the nervous sensations rippling through her. She didn’t romanticize sex, she was sure of it. Well, not much anyway. The only reason she hadn’t done it yet, besides lacking anyone she was attracted to beyond a fleeting fancy, was that being omega, she would almost certainly get pregnant without major precautions in place. And in Niima Outpost, pregnancy had been a death sentence for people like her. They didn’t exactly hand out expensive reproduction-control implants on Jakku. She could barely afford a meal, let alone the medical attention it would require for an implantation. The only kindness Unkar Plutt had ever done her was pointing her toward an old Kyuzo omega scavenger who explained young Rey’s changing body to her. Rey craved touch, and envied the carelessness of the couples who moaned in tents and fucked against walls, mindless in their desire for each other. Hunched in her AT-AT alone at night, she envied them so much she hated them. Dr. Tanja didn’t know how much she’d freed Rey when she offered her repro-control implants without judgment and cost. Passing by a gold-framed mirror in the hallway, Rey paused and took herself in. She’d left her trio of buns in for practicality, but they were limp from sweating. The thin, sleeveless shift she’d thrown on was perfect for sleeping but she saw now, in bright light, did nothing to hide the shadows of her nipples. She’d washed the fabric herself countless times with rocks and salt to soften the shift the way Niima scavengers had taught her. Her cheeks were dark pink, flushed and striking against the hazel shine of her eyes. Seeing them, she realized how much she’d bitten her lips in the past few days, as she writhed in her bunk aboard the transport shuttle. She looked ready. Her scent was overwhelming, even to her. And there were alphas waiting for her pleasure. Looking up at Bix, waiting patiently by the entrance, Rey nodded. “Show me.” She wasn’t sure what she’d expected but it wasn’t this. “Don’t be shy. Come- scent.” Bix steered her into the dim room. Lit with one corner light and a neutralizer that removed outside odors, the room was specially designed to focus the inhabitants on one thing: finding the ideally scented partner for mating. “Is he alright?” Rey shook her head in confusion. Across the room, the kneeling alpha’s arms were stretched high, with his wrists cuffed to the wall above him. His ankles were similarly secured to the floor. The position forced his shoulders to strain and his dark-haired head to drop forward into an almost submissive posture. It was so startling, it took her a moment to realize his long, lean-muscled body was completely nude. A heartbeat after that realization was another- that he smelled better than anything else than she’d ever scented before. But then she’d never encountered a human alpha in rut this close up before. “He’s fine. Very compatible, healthy, oral prophylaxis is in place so there’s no waiting. He’s ready for you. If you want him.” Rey took another step forward into the room. Her head swam with the musk of him, and with the wave of resentment flowing from the alpha. No surprise, he doesn’t care for kneeling for an omega, Rey thought, nearly grinning. Or maybe for anyone? Beneath the rich earthy scent of him that was tickling her nose was the strangest sense there was something else…something, somewhere she was supposed to be noticing. Go away , Rey swore at her inner sense. The Force was useful, but sometimes it was a pest. Her heart thudded in her ches. All she wanted to do in that moment, right then, was to be in her very physical present. The flush in her cheeks sank down to her throat and across her breasts, and her nipples tingled where the shift scraped against them. Bix scooted back, gesturing her happily forward with all four hands. “You don’t need me, I think. I wait outside. Ease the way. Ha, yeah.” With a brilliant grin, the Besalisk ducked out of the room and slid the door closed behind him. Following her nose, Rey hurried forward until she found herself standing by the alpha, her fingertips grazing his wide shoulders. The expanse was well-sculpted, with toned muscles moving beneath her fingers. Taking in the size of his back and the length of his bent legs, she realized that on his feet, the alpha would tower over her. His head lifted slightly, and she felt some of the tension in his body drain away. His shoulders relaxed beneath her touch, and his hands unfisted in the cuffs. “Is this alright with you?” Rey murmured, her voice husky. Now that she was standing over him, she was able to pick up more notes in his scent. She leaned in and waited, her mouth watering over his neck. The alpha nodded quickly, and shifted restlessly in his restraints. “Thank the stars,” Rey blurted out before pressing her lips and nose to his throat. “You smell incredible.” Inhaling deeply, taking in the essence of him, she was struck with a wave of desire- and the uncanny sense of the familiar. She nudged the unwanted thought away, and caressed his intriguingly scarred back. Pushing aside his fall of hair, Rey licked a thin line up the back of his neck. A scent like the forests, she realized, stroking his arms as she drew in more of his scent. The leaves and sunlight and the cold wind . Something wild. She felt a raw desire to be thrown onto her back on a rough bed of leaves and taken with her lover’s hands wrapped in her hair, and realized she was remembering a dream she’d had a couple weeks before. She’d been running through the forest, her pussy wet with anticipation from the chase, and when she finally gave up, gasping and falling in a clearing, he’d taken her in the leaves. Takodana. The word flew into Rey’s mind. The heat rose in her and she felt wetness dripping down her thighs. I was dreaming of Takodana’s trees. And his eyes- “Kylo,” Rey gasped against his skin. “Kylo Ren.” A stillness fell over the alpha. The squirming in the restraints ceased, and Kylo Ren’s head lifted. Turning his head to allow the light to fall on his face and the lightsaber brand she’d left behind, he met Rey’s eyes over his shoulder. Rey scrambled back from him, grabbing at her waist to reflexively reach for the lightsaber that usually hung there. Her uncontrolled fear, the situation piled onto her instinctual omega heat panic, ripped through the barriers between them he’d constructed in the Scenting Room. With the boundary in shreds, their powerful Force signatures were apparent at once. “Stop. I’m not in a position to threaten you, scavenger,” Kylo explained. He wiggled his fingers in their cuffs. Rey’s eyes followed the action. “I’m no threat to you. I’m not going to hurt you. You could hurt me, if you wanted. I don’t think you want to though.” His gaze dropped to the soaking juices between her thighs, the wet patch spreading over the lap of Rey’s white shift. He wanted to dive into the scent of her, throw her skirt up and bury his face in that circle of wetness until she screamed. “You have no idea what I want,” Rey snapped. Her eyes darted around the room. It was bare of anything that could be considered a weapon, probably not on accident. Alphas could be very aggressive when rejected. “Don’t I?” Kylo said softly. “If you’re not a threat, which I don’t believe, then why are you here?” Without taking her eyes from him, she began retreating. “The dreams.” Halfway back toward the door, Rey stopped. “What?” “Dreams. So many I’ve lost track. Mostly of a desert hell-hole. The place I’m told was your home. You, and me.” Kylo hesitated. “’I could show you the stars.’ Do you remember that, Rey? And then me, giving you everything you need?” Horrified, Rey slumped against the wall. “You saw it- what I dreamed?” “Since the beginning. I didn’t like it any more than you did. You defeated me, you took Grandfather’s lightsaber, you marked me. I did not want this. I thought perhaps my uncle was instructing you in a new Jedi way of playing with my head, tormenting me.” Rey’s disgust turned to annoyance. “As if Luke would ever use such-“ “You don’t even know him,” Kylo interrupted. “But then I started dreaming and I knew they were my dreams. I want it to stop. Don’t you?” “Wouldn’t it be easier to kill you?” Rey said, her fingers curling in a way that Kylo knew meant she was wishing for her lightsaber. He hid a grin. She had more fire in her than a Jedi should. He’d felt it on Starkiller Base. His offer hadn’t been entirely based in strategy, though there’d been some of that too. He wondered how his uncle felt about Rey’s depth of passion. He wasn’t even sure how he felt about it if he was being honest with himself. He didn’t want to. “Killing you would be easy.” Kylo agreed. “But all things considered, I’d much rather fuck you senseless for a week.” Rey was furious. She was absolutely horrified by everything he was saying, and the matter-of-fact way he said it contradicting with his searing brown eyes. So why did his words make a new flood of juices well between her legs? Why, when he spoke, did her eyes continue traveling over the sculpted muscles of his body, stretched between cuffs? Why did her fingers curl under, itching with the urge to drag through his silky mess of black hair? He was there for every dream, every time she drifted off to sleep and into his arms. And he’d suffered for it too. Rey stood, struck dumb with the weight of it. “It wouldn’t be the first time, you know.” “What?” “It wouldn’t be the first the Light and the Dark sides have met, for this purpose. There have been other warriors, alphas and omegas, who joined together as needed. If we had time, you could research it. You’d see. We’re not the first. Do you think many people can handle what we are?” He held her questioning stare. The loneliness of the past twenty years sprawled behind her. Rey swallowed. “No.” “No one will ever know. No one needs to.” The room filled with their rising scents combined and Rey felt lightheaded with the power of it. Her body ached with the primal urge. It would be so easy. “No one needs to…” “Take me, Rey. Then walk away, when the heat is done.” Kylo’s eyes burned into her. “Take me. ” The weeks of wanting had worn her away until she was clinging to the thinnest shred of sense. “I can’t trust you,” Rey swore. “I can’t.” “I don’t want your trust.” Kylo’s patience was at an end. His shoulders bulged as he tugged at the cuffs holding him back. “I want to have you until I don’t want it anymore. Do we have an agreement?” Rey covered her eyes with her palms and searched inside herself for the place of calm, the source within she always went to. But all she found was a hungry pit of need, calling for the scent and the man who had awoken her in more ways than she could admit. Opening her glittering eyes, Rey threw everything she cared about into the wind and nodded. “Yes.” The cuffs shattered a second after the word left her mouth. As he leapt to his feet and scooped her up into his arms, Rey realized she was a fool to believe a set of standard restraints could contain Kylo Ren. Following her gaze, Ren shrugged and surprised her with a wry smile. “Made you feel better though, didn’t they?” Held aloft, Rey was caught between wanting to kiss him and wanting to punch him. She wriggled in his arms. “You sneaky son of a-“ Kylo’s teeth sank into her throat, forcing a moan from her even as he carried her from the Scenting Room. Alarm rose in her. “Wait, no biting.” “Oral prophylaxis, didn’t they explain it?” Kylo muttered against her neck. His tongue worked against the sensitive skin. “You don’t have to worry about bonding bites. Stars know I don’t want that.” “He did explain, I forgot,” Rey sighed, turning her face to his hard chest. She couldn’t look at him suddenly. He was too real, too heated against her. She couldn’t do this if it felt too real. Could she? His lips skated over her throat, while his strong arms squeezed her tight to him. “ Oh . Room 6. Please hurry.” Bix was as good as his word about easing the way. Rey realizing dimly that he must have been monitoring the Scenting session even after leaving, as they were uninterrupted in the hallway, and the doors opened and closed for them exactly as they needed. She had no idea if she was doing the right thing- she was almost positive she wasn’t- but Rey couldn’t regret the view. She hadn’t been wrong in her estimate about the alpha’s height when he was on his knees. Though she wasn’t a short woman, Kylo loomed over her. His arms enveloped her with a reach that made her curse him in battle, but sigh with pleasure when he effortlessly carried her back to the bedroom. She was less entranced when Kylo dropped Rey in a graceless heap onto the midnight-blue bed. “Prick!” she yelped. Kylo glanced downward at himself, and smiled drily. “Yes.” Rey followed his eyes, and her mouth went dry. Oh kriff. How is that going to fit inside me? Distracting her from the inevitably alpha size of him, Kylo crawled on top of her. He put his over-wide mouth to good use, dropping kisses over her collarbone and teasing her pink nipples through the fabric until they hardened. Moving back up to nibble on her throat again, his cock pressed against her center for the first time, and she felt a shred of fear. He was so big. Bigger than she’d guessed and dreamed, and no matter how wet she was, it was going to hurt. Good. She squirmed against him, drawing the hardness closer to her sex. Rey reached up, sinking a fist into his black hair. “When this is over, it’s over. You understand.” She scraped the nails of her other hand across his chest, teasing his dark nipples into points. “Understand.” “Yes,” Kylo asked, pushing Rey back by the shoulders. He peered down at her, her paleness in the white shift framed by the rich blue covers of the bed. With one hand and added boost from the Force, he ripped the shift from throat to hem, and spread the pieces open to reveal her breasts and the glistening curls between her legs. “Fu-“ Rey’s curse was cut off by his mouth. The tentative touch of his tongue coaxing her lips open distracted her, and surprised her with its gentleness. His full lips were made for kissing, she discovered, taking her mouth over and over until she found her body twined around his while she kissed him back breathlessly. He wasn’t much more practiced than she was, she realized through the haze, sloppy in his hunger; but the ache in her core sharpened more with every flick of his tongue against hers. “I can’t wait- more later- but now-“ She tried to explain and failed. Rey flushed, and threw aside the shreds of her sleeping shift. Clambering further back on the bed, she spread her legs and looked into Kylo Ren’s eyes. Light reflected in their depths, turning the dark brown to a paler russet that reminded Rey of the soil in the forest of their dream. The scar of her lightsaber cut a white line between his eyes, dividing them and slashing down his cheek. Reaching up to cup his cheek, her thumb found a small mole that had just missed being sliced by her weapon. Kylo shuddered. Brushing aside her hand, he rose over her, kneeling and stroking the thick alpha length of his cock. He seemed impossibly broad, hovering there. She had the dizzying sensation that she’d been in the same position before. She held his gaze, held it so long their breath fell into sync. Her mouth moved, but no words came out. There was nothing left to say. Finally, Kylo slid his hands under Rey’s knees and hoisted her up. Sinking into blissful mindlessness, Rey felt the distant brush of the Force holding her in position, her hips tilting as the broad head of his cock breached her. “Faster, keep going,” Rey moaned, the tease of his thickness not enough. Her clit ached for attention and she needed to be filled. She didn’t care who he was anymore. This was all she needed. Ignoring her demand, Kylo inched into her, relishing every clench and flutter of Rey’s muscles as they fought to take in his girth. She wiggled against him- he was too much, but just enough. It was as indescribable as the Force, in her and part of her and all around Rey. Arching to take more of him inside her, Rey spread her thighs wider. Her hands scrabbled at the sheets for purchase, pushing down to brace herself to accept more of him. Kylo gasped, momentarily losing control of the Force and allowing Rey to fall out of position. “Stay put,” he ordered, his eyes flashing. “You feel too fucking good.” Recovering control, he squeezed the thickening ring around the base of his cock where his knot would grow. Even scenting Rey had been enough to make the knot begin to form. He eased back inside her harder, her pussy more relaxed now. Sweat trickled down his chest as he held back, thrusting in and out of his omega carefully, stretching and working Rey until she was spread wide, flooding them with her juices, and bucking against him. “Please, yes,” Rey begged. “Give it to me, Kylo.” There was no holding back then, once she was open and pleading for fucking; her bright eyes locked onto his without shame or fear. The air between them shimmered with light as he sank into her without mercy. The alpha took her, and it was everything Rey had ever dreamed. She lost count of his thrusts, the number of times she looked up and saw him gazing down at her with wonder and desire, even as his cock rode her. She held onto him using every muscle within her, stroking his thick cock to cool the burn of heat inside her. He didn’t seem frighteningly big any longer; the body joined to hers was perfectly heavy and thick in every way. She felt full to bursting, but still begged for more, because this is what it was supposed to be, the alpha to her omega. His fingers dipped between her thighs and found her swollen and slippery; a single slide of the heel of his palm over her clit left her wailing, clinging to his shoulders and crying out his name. The first climax sent shivers shaking through her body. Kylo smiled down at her with the smug pride of an alpha, but didn’t slow in his thrusting, driving Rey to two more orgasms before she felt the bulge on the base of his cock nudging at her entrance. The knot. In her anxieties over everything else, she hadn’t put much thought into it but it was happening. Kylo’s arrogance melted away as he neared his own frantic peak; his nostrils flared and his hips pumped harder and harder, the alpha’s knot swelling and growing until it slid inside Rey. With a desperate push, he fucked into her one last time, and with a great hot gush, Kylo came. Gasping, he buried his face into Rey’s neck, nipping at her throat and tonguing at the pink marks he left. After a moment, he sighed, and wrapping his arms around Rey, rolled them both over until she was on top with his cock still buried inside her. The knot sealed them together tightly. Rey squeezed instinctively, and was rewarded to hear Kylo hiss beneath her. Experimentally, she flexed her inner muscles again, and felt more cum pour from the huge knot filling her and locking her to the alpha. Kylo threw one arm over his eyes, and used the other to hold Rey steady on him. “Don’t.” He said wearily. “We’ll be tied together for a little while. Let it flow naturally. Just…rest.” Reaching forward, he tugged her downward until Rey found herself laying against Kylo’s chest. Rey squirmed, feeling the fullness of his body fitting into hers. As the balm of his cum inside her lessened the heat, for the first time in hours- maybe days- she could think clearly. Almost. His musk was as strong as ever, and lying on him, she was tempted to run her hands through his light sprinkling of chest hair. “Is it always like this?” Staring at the wall, she finally brought herself to ask. “Like what?” His hand smoothed over her back. “This good?” He took so long to reply she thought he wasn’t going to, but eventually she heard his voice. “No.” “Kylo.” “Yes?” “I still hate you.” There was the strangest thread of amusement in his voice when he answered. “I know.” Notes: Next chapter: Tied. More fucking. Things to be avoided. And fucking. Chapter 5 : Tasting Summary: The morning after. Notes: Thanks to Soyeahso for the beta read! And thank you to all my readers for their amazing reviews and support! It couldn’t happen again. Leaning her hot forehead against the cool white surface of the sonic shower, Rey swore to herself. It wouldn’t happen again. The problem was, it already had. Many times, judging by the chrono on the refresher wall. Somehow the evening had melted into a new day. And she only had to look down at her naked body to see the evidence of her weakness, the physical proof of how she’d spent the last several hours. The sonic pulsed around her, cleaning away the evidence of their pleasure, but she could still feel Kylo’s touch everywhere. She could still smell his dark scent blending with hers, rising from her pores. Extending her right calf as the sonic’s vibrations soothed over it, she felt a cramp and winced. Rey distantly recalled climbing atop the alpha the night before and bouncing on him until he’d groaned and thrown her onto her stomach. After the first dozen thrusts, it grew blurry, but she remembered lifting her ass up and spreading her thighs wider even as she buried her face into the pillow. “Scum. Bastard. That son of a-“ General Organa’s face leapt into her mind, and Rey cut herself off. She flushed with the abrupt realization, and groaned against the wall. She hadn’t just slept with the hated enemy- he was her commander’s son. Even if the general never found out what happened, Rey would know. How could she sit across from her in the mess hall ever again, knowing Leia’s son as intimately as she did? Knowing how his lips tasted- how Kylo’s grim face relaxed into boyish joy just after he reached his peak- knowing how he moaned when Rey licked- You don’t know him at all, Rey argued with herself . This is just sex. Calm down. After the heat’s over, you’ll get the kriff out of here and wipe this from your mind. Rey banged her forehead against the wall, letting the mortification roll through her. It wouldn’t be that simple. It was never that simple. The thought of the mess hall was an unfortunate one, she realized. Her hunger screamed for attention, gurgling in her belly. It was nearly impossible to think logically about anything but solving the hunger problem when she faced starvation. An old habit. With the momentary ebb of her heat, other questions came to mind as well. How had Kylo Ren even found her in Galactic City to begin with? This was all his fault, she realized as the sonic cycle finished. Rey’s growing panic morphed into anger. Feeling more calm and in control, she decided she liked it. Yes- it’s all his fault, she determined, throwing open the door of the shower. She didn’t bother with clothing, letting her unbound and tangled hair be her only covering. She had dressed herself last night after the second time they joined, but those clothes wound up shredded on the floor as well. (To be fair, she acknowledged inwardly, she did beg him to do it.) Marching back into the bedroom, Rey found her opponent stretched out nude on the turquoise sofa, scrolling through Bix’s menu. With his height, Kylo barely fit on the piece of furniture, his lower legs dangling over the arm of the sofa. “Did you follow me here? Did you plan this, Ren?” She demanded. “Mandalorian oranges?” “What?” Rey frowned. Crossing her arms, she glared at him. To her deep annoyance, she found her eyes wandering over his body. “Oranges. Do you like them? We need to eat. I do anyway.” The muscles of his pale, scarred torso flexed as he turned on his side to meet her eyes. “Your stomach was rumbling. I don’t care if you starve, but I’d prefer not to listen to the noise.” As she attempted to maintain the glower, he flipped unconcerned through the datapad’s list of food options. Rey’s gaze drifted from the black slash of his brows, interrupted by the white line of his scar, over his lips slightly pursed in thought, and down across the muscled body draped over the cushions. Her belly tightened as her eyes dropped lower, and Rey cursed her traitorous hormones again. Kylo pressed the button to activate the com link to the front desk. “Ordering, Room 6: double interstellar garden salad. Extra order of Mandalorian oranges and juicemellon with it. Four portions of nerf steak, rare. Pitcher of mountain ice water. And send a med droid in to refresh the oral prophylactic afterward.” Closing the link, he sat up and tossed the datapad aside in one fluid movement. His piercing brown eyes pinned her from across the room. “I wasn’t looking for you. I’m in rut if you haven’t noticed. The heat district is the reasonable place to be. This degree of conceit in a common scavenger is amusing though.” His eyes took on a new light and his lips curved upward, and Rey was seized with the urge to carve the look off his face. Fists clenched, she crossed the distance to the sofa in two seconds and jumped, landing with her knee only just missing his cock. This was probably the most fun he’d had in years. Not that fun was high on his list of priorities, or necessary for his goals. But when Rey launched herself at him, teeth clenched and her expressive eyes blazing with intent, Kylo felt himself fill with joy. He hadn’t been sure what to expect earlier. After their frenzied mating burned away the evening, they’d finally collapsed in exhaustion, still tied together. He was seventy percent certain she’d be gone in the morning, but he’d woken to find her snoring like a bantha, sprawled across his chest. Her body burned like a furnace against his. She slept fitfully for another half hour; tucking his arms beneath his head, he watched her and resisted the temptation to dip inside her mind to see if she still dreamed of him. He could feel the rush of alpha hormones fighting to come to the surface, but he’d be damned if he couldn’t master himself for a short while. Instead he grabbed the datapad and fiddled with the viewscreen option settings; after searching through its archives, the barren sand-colored wall vanished and was replaced by sunrise: beams of light breaking through luxuriant tall trees on a mountaintop. Rey was awake only a moment before she was licking into his mouth and guiding his fingers to her clit. He wasted no time, rolling her beneath him and pumping into her, with her chestnut waves of hair spread around her like a halo. “What is this?” She sighed over his shoulder, as she crossed legs around his waist. “This place.” “Hmmm?” He withdrew from her tight channel, and teased her tender clit with the head of his cock. Rey slid her hand down, encircling him and running a finger around the thickening ring at the base. Kylo shuddered and plunged back inside her drenching heat. “There,” she panted with his thrust, turning to face the sunrise. “It feels real.” The warm rays fell on her cheeks and she smiled. Hovering over her, with his cock still buried inside her, Kylo was struck with the purity of her light. It was incredibly annoying. “It’s not real.” He sank into her. “It’s a projection.” Capturing Rey’s chin, he took her mouth and rolled his hips with every stroke of his tongue against hers. It wasn’t long before his knot rose and sealed them together. Rey squeezed him tight with her inner muscles, milking him of every drop until her heat cooled and they drew apart carefully. “Where is it? That place,” Rey said, crawling away from him. “I know it’s real. I could taste your lie.” Flopped onto his back, still spent from his orgasm, Kylo waved her off irritably. “Just…a place I used to go to.” Rey stared at him, her hazel eyes unrelenting. Kylo closed his eyes, and shrugged. “Endor. The forest moon of Endor.” “Oh. I see.” Her reply was followed with a shockingly loud rumble of hunger from her gut. Kylo opened one eye and his eyebrows rose with it. Defensively, Rey crossed an arm over her empty belly and glared at him. Without added comment, she spun around and ran for the ‘fresher. Looking at the sticky landscape of his own body, Kylo realized it was probably a good idea. The suite had double refreshers. Ideal for strangers who needed some space apart from one another during the heat. He remembered a few years ago retreating to the ‘fresher just to get away from an overly chatty omega. In that instance, he sat against the door reading a Mon Cala historical epic for an hour until the urge to rut returned and overcame his distaste for the omega’s conversation. He headed for his ‘fresher’s sonic, expecting Rey to be waiting when he was done, but the room was still empty when he returned. Bix’s efficient droid maid had visited upon the triggering of both sonics and delivered a fresh set of sheets, towels and soothing balms without making a sound. “Impressive,” Kylo murmured. If he didn’t have a policy against returning to heat houses, he would certainly frequent this one. The thought of the maid making a delivery brought food to mind; Kylo grabbed the datapad, took a seat on the sofa, and brought up the menu. After she’d spent forty minutes in the shower, he began to wonder if Rey was going to make a run for it this morning after all. The sonic’s light motor hummed, and beyond that, he felt the disturbance of her emotions. Reaching out with the Force, he sensed her turbulence. She was hurting. Angry- at him. And the hollowness in her stomach was gnawing at her. A scavenger who never grew to accept hunger, Kylo contemplated. Who never accepted the state of things. Interesting. Her fury was growing, with a familiar energy- he’d seen her rage glowing down at him on Starkiller Base, when she’d been ready to kill. She crackled with that potential now: her fear, lust, confusion and anger all tangled up. Just shy of an hour, the sonic’s cycle finally came to a stop. When she stepped into the room, shoulders squared and her hair a wild cloak around her, he was ready for her. She landed, and he allowed her bony knee to sink in between his legs. Her left knee landed on the other side of his thigh, leaving Rey straddling him unsteadily on the springy cushion. He controlled his instinctive reaction, refusing to let her feel him through the Force, and locked her arms behind her in an iron grip while she was still off-balance. Using only the pressure of his mind, he secured her wrists together. The slight tilt of his lips grew to a full smile when he saw her realize the extent of her predicament. “What- you- dammit!” Rey sputtered. A long knotted curl of hair hung over one eye. She shook her head futilely, trying to clear her vision but only making it worse. Another cluster of waves flopped forward onto her cheek. Kylo adjusted her thighs, spacing them wider so she was steadier, with the one in between his legs nudging against his cock and bringing him back to hardness. “This was a good idea, now that I think of it.” He slid a hand around to settle against the small of her bare back. His other came around to cup her ass and press her forward. Her soft skin heated so easily in his palm, he reflected. You’d think her flesh would’ve turned to nerf leather after a decade on a desert planet but she was supple and responsive, shivering even now as his left hand smoothed up her back and curved around the front to tease a nipple into readiness. “I hate you,” she breathed, leaning into his touch. The tension in her restrained arms lessened as her eyes fluttered shut. The sweet and salty tang of her scent was rising; he could feel the wetness of her cunt spilling onto his thigh. She was ready for more. “Fine,” he agreed, rolling her nipple between his thumb and forefinger. “But you love it when I’m inside you.” He pinched the sensitive tip until she moaned. “Don’t you.” “Yes,” Rey said, grinding against him. Opening her thighs, she angled herself forward until her clit brushed against his coarse leg. “Harder.” “Fuck yourself on my leg,” Kylo ordered, using the Force to tug on her bound wrists until Rey’s shoulders were pulled back and her breasts tipped up. “It’s not enough,” she gasped as he leaned forward to take one pink nipple into his mouth. His teeth grazed over the bud, sharper and sucking with more force until Rey threw her hips into it, riding his thigh and dragging her clit over his rough skin until she soaked his lap. The muscles of her belly and thighs shook with effort, but still she sobbed, “I can’t .” “Off,” he rasped, releasing his hold on her wrists and pushing Rey to his side. “Turn over.” She scrambled onto her knees, beginning to turn and lay on the cushions, but Kylo’s hand on her arm stopped her. “No, stay up. Grab the back of the sofa.” “What are -“ “I want to taste you.” “Oh,” she breathed, climbing onto the cushion. Her knees sank in as she leaned forward and curled her fingers around the edge of the furniture, her fingertips brushing the wall. Rey’s forehead dropped to rest on the velvety back edge. Sliding to the floor, Kylo pushed her thighs apart and dipped in between her legs. For a moment, his lips hovered over her folds, his nose inhaling the raw aroma of her sex. He’d scented her in his dreams over the months, and tracked her through the entertainment district’s heat walks; the lushness of her made his mouth water and his throat tighten. He was thirsty for more of her even as he was wrapped in her scent. It was mad and infuriating and it made him wonder how many times he had to fuck her before she didn’t overwhelm him anymore. The fever seemed to grow worse every hour. Leaning in, his tongue lapped up the lone drop of her wetness rolling down her inner thigh. “Kylo,” she pled, wiggling back into him. Opening her folds with his long fingers, his tongue sought out the sensitive spots that left Rey shaking and swearing and digging her nails into the back of the sofa. Kylo dove into her, his nose nuzzling deep into her pussy while his tongue scraped at her clit. His Force control held her tight to him, locking Rey to his face while his hands cupped her ass and spread her center open for the taking. He squeezed and coaxed her into rocking back on his tongue, fucking against him in a way that was familiar, uncannily so. With a hazy understanding, he knew it came back to all the times they had done this in their dreams. On the sands, in his cold bed, bent over a durasteel table in the burnt-out wreck of a ship she’d found- they were everywhere. Remember, he thought, willing her to understand him with his mouth wrapped around her clit, sucking. Ride me. Use me, take it. “I- oh, stars- oh, Kylo, ” Rey cried, reaching her peak. Her body shook with the power of it; stretching a palm up across her lower back, Kylo felt the shimmering ripple of her pleasure connecting with the Force that bound them together. He saw a flash of whiteness and what felt like a thousand suns bleeding in his vision. The tide swept over them both, and for a delirious moment, he couldn’t breathe, buried in Rey’s sex with her juices drowning him. He would’ve died happy. “Kriff. Kriff ,” Rey repeated, before falling onto the sofa face-down. Her thighs gleamed with wetness. “I didn’t know I could feel like that without a knot.” Kylo’s body glowed with the after-effects of her orgasm; that he hadn’t come yet was only a minor distraction. He stroked his hard length and considered the overflow he’d experienced with Rey. Reaching so deeply into the Force for those few seconds when she came, it had almost been like he was a part of her when they fucked. He was still having trouble shaking off the dizzying effects of it. Wiping moisture away from his chin, Kylo sat back on his heels and laughed. “You can’t even laugh without sounding like a smug arse, can you.” “I don’t know.” Kylo jumped to his feet. “I don’t care. Sit up.” Rey rolled onto her back and nudged his leg with her foot. “You’re far too bossy. Isn’t there anyone in the First Order who tells you where to stick it?” “Just a general or two, and occasionally one of my knights tries to kill me.” Rey’s eyed narrowed. “You’re joking. Aren’t you?” Kylo bent down and scooped Rey up into his arms. She yelped as he swung around and sat back down with her in his lap. “Maybe I’m joking.” He arranged her thighs around his legs, with her center pressing into his erection. “Maybe it’s my life.” “Oh you’re still-“ Rey squirmed against the hardness beneath her. “Yes,” said Kylo. “But we can-“ He didn’t finish the sentence- Rey’s deft hands wrapped around his cock, steadying him until she sheathed him completely with her heat. “Sorry, you were saying?” Rey teased, rotating her hips. Her hazel eyes sparkled, but under the playful tone was the edge of resentment. Complicated, Kylo thought. The word passed through his mind, the only coherent thing he could manage before Rey set to riding his cock with abandon. She peered down at him, her eyes darkening as her hair fell forward and cast her face in shadows. Her curls spilled over her small breasts, offering teasing glimpses of her nipples as she bounced on him. When he wasn’t making enough noise for her liking, Rey took to sucking and nipping at his throat as she fucked him, a mockery of the mating bites a true pair gave one another. Kylo roared and came as her teeth grazed his neck lightly, with her pussy clenched around his huge knot. Rey sank her fingers into his hair and pulled as his knot shot waves of sensation through her, driving her to a new height. Fists clamped down on her hips, Kylo poured himself into her, realizing that at some point in the past day, he had completely lost control of the situation- and of himself.