I acted so distant then, Turned my back as you walked away, But I was listening. That you fight your battles far from me, It’s not right to me. -- Poe Dameron hadn’t entered the air show because he expected to win, or even because he wanted to win. It had just sounded like fun. But he did win, and he couldn’t deny he was a little proud of the accomplishment. Now that it was all over, the other teenaged pilots-in-training had gathered around him to congratulate him, along with many of the young people who had been watching. Most of them were Poe’s friends—he had lots of friends—and even the trainees who were more like rivals were gruffly polite about losing to him. Poe never sought out attention, but of course he liked it. And anyway, some of the girls were kind of cute even if none of the guys was really his type. But then the small sea of teenagers surrounding him parted, and a second later, Poe saw why. He swallowed hard as General Organa approached them, and the other kids fell back shyly. Poe liked the general, they all did, but well. . . she could be intimidating despite her petite stature and pretty face. Even though she was smiling at him now, which probably meant she was there to congratulate him too, he felt anxious. Apparently, so did everyone else, because the others had all abandoned Poe by the time she reached him. And as if he weren’t nervous enough, the general wasn’t alone. “That was some impressive flying, Poe,” General Organa praised him. “I’d heard reports you were good, but this is the first time I got to see for myself.” “Th-thank you, ma’am,” Poe stammered. He tried to meet her warm brown eyes, but his own gaze kept flicking to the boy behind her: her son, Ben. It didn’t help that Ben was already a few inches taller than his mother, and Poe could clearly see the glare the other boy cast at him over the top of her head. “All of you trainees will be a credit to the Resistance,” the general was saying, “provided you stay with us.” Poe looked back at General Organa, blinking. “Well, I’m certainly staying. I can’t imagine any of the others would drop out either.” She smiled at him again, but Poe was now aware of how tired she looked. She’s worried about something, he realized. “I’m sure you can’t, Poe,” General Organa went on, “and I’m grateful for your dedication. We all are.” At that last sentence, Ben actually rolled his eyes. Poe stared, amazed to see anyone giving the quick-tempered general that kind of attitude—even behind her back. As if she could sense her son’s actions, General Organa’s own eyes narrowed slightly, yet her lips pursed in what was almost a smile. “Poe, I’ll be right back. I need to go speak to the others who participated—they all did well—but I have some questions for you about your training, too,” the general told him. “Yes ma’am,” Poe nodded. She started past him, Ben following—until she turned and gave her son a stern look. “ You stay here,” she commanded. “You’ve caused me enough trouble today already.” “Yeah, well, you’re the one who made me come in the first place,” Ben muttered after her back was turned. Poe had a feeling General Organa heard him anyway, but she ignored him as she went to greet the other pilots who had reconvened farther down the airfield. Poe was trying to think of something to say to Ben when the taller boy abruptly turned to him and snarled, “We are not going to be friends, Dameron.” “Uh. . . .” Poe nearly took a step backward before he caught himself. “What?” “That’s why she’s leaving us alone, to make us talk to each other. She wants us to be friends.” Ben scowled and folded his arms. “Probably why she dragged me to the stupid air show in the first place—to make me watch you showing off how great you are.” “ What? ” The two of them had never spoken a word to each other before in their lives, and Poe was amazed to find that Ben already hated him so much—especially when almost everyone else liked Poe instantly. Poe had wanted to meet Ben, had found him mysterious and intriguing even though rumor among the other trainees held that Ben was stuck-up and spoiled. Now, Poe was beginning to think the other kids knew what they were talking about. “You heard me,” Ben growled. “I wasn’t showing off ,” Poe snapped. “I was having fun! And I’m sure General Organa didn’t make you come to watch me . She probably wanted you to get out and—and have fun too.” “Do I look like I’m having fun?” Poe arched an eyebrow. “No. You never do.” A few minutes ago, he couldn’t have imagined that he would be smarting off to the general’s son, but Poe was swiftly ceasing to care who the hell the guy was. Poe’s respect for Ben’s mother didn’t have to extend to her offspring, not if he didn’t deserve it. To Poe’s gratification, Ben looked startled for a second before he narrowed his eyes again, just as his mother had. He looked nothing like her, yet Poe could see a resemblance between them in their gestures and facial expressions. Some of the other kids called Ben ugly, but Poe had never thought so. True, Ben didn’t favor either of his attractive parents, but when Poe had watched him from afar, he had admired Ben’s dark eyes and hair, his pale skin, the curve of his lips (granted, they were often sneering at something), the way he moved: usually gracefully, until without fail he would trip or drop something or otherwise act clumsily. Poe liked seeing that, not out of meanness but because he found it cute, something human about the boy who often acted like he didn’t want to be human at all. “Quit staring at me,” Ben grumbled. He looked down at the ground, and so did Poe, feeling himself blush deeply. “I don’t want to be your friend anyway,” Poe returned in a mumble. It was the first thing he could think of say in his own defense, even if it weren’t true. “I already have plenty of friends.” “Yeah. I noticed.” Ben’s tone was sardonic, but when Poe risked another glance at him, the dark eyes watching him again looked a little wounded. Poe bit his lip. “Look, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that. I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings.” “Hmph. Like I care about anything you do.” Ben took another step toward him, maybe trying to be intimidating. He was , a little, since he was taller than Poe, but it was getting to the point where almost all the other boys were taller than Poe. He was used to it (though still hoping for a last-minute growth spurt), and he didn’t back down now. Instead, he glared right back up at Ben. “Hey, I’m trying to be nice!” “Don’t bother on my account. Mother’s the one you have to impress to get ahead around here, not me. I don’t matter,” Ben told him. Poe tried his hardest to stay mad at the guy, but he couldn’t. Somehow, Ben kept his emotions constantly flip-flopping: Poe hated him one second, felt sorry for him the next. It didn’t help that the closer they got, the more attractive Ben looked to him. Poe’s heart thumped in his chest, hard. “Of course you matter,” Poe finally murmured. But Ben just scoffed at him. “You’re not even out of training yet, and you’re already her favorite. But she can’t make me like you.” “Good! Because I don’t want you to like me!” To hell with Ben’s feelings, or whether Poe hurt them. Ben had hurt his . “Good!” Ben echoed. They glared at each other, Ben looking slightly down and Poe slightly up to meet each other’s stare. Then Ben spun around and stalked away from him, apparently not caring that he was disobeying his mother’s orders. Something hurt behind Poe’s eyes, and he blinked hard as he turned his back on Ben too. Damn him anyway, Poe thought. He saw the general coming back toward him and took a deep breath to compose himself. I’ll show him. Maybe I can’t make him like me, but I’m going to be the best pilot ever . I’ll impress him if it kills me! “Where did Ben go?” General Organa asked when she reached Poe, although the look on her face indicated she wasn’t surprised he was gone. “I don’t know, ma’am,” Poe was able to respond calmly. “He said he didn’t want to talk to me and just left.” The general sighed. “I’m sorry. I suppose it’s my own fault he has such poor manners. Anyhow, do you have a minute, Poe?” “Of course.” Poe was pleased she was showing such an interest in him, and anyway, he always enjoyed talking about flying. He even managed to forget about Ben, for a while. -- The dream isn’t over yet. I pretend and say I can forget. I still live in that day. You’ve been there with me all the way. It’s not right of me. -- The last place Ben Solo wanted to be was at an air show, with his mother, watching Poe Dameron perform. But Leia had made him go, and now she was going to make him talk to Poe. He just knew it as he followed her out onto the airfield where the training pilots had gathered after landing their planes. For some reason, Leia seemed to have singled out Poe as the most promising of the teenagers training to fly for the Resistance. Well, not for just “some” reason; it was clear that Poe was the best pilot out of the bunch, not to mention smart, resourceful. . . handsome. Ben had never spoken to Poe before, but he already hated him. And sure enough, his mother was headed straight for the kid. The other trainees who had surrounded Poe scattered when the general approached them, a few of them casting distasteful looks at Ben as they left. He was well aware that they didn’t like him, but he didn’t try to be liked. Not like Poe, that little suck-up, who was smiling at Ben’s mother shyly, as if he didn’t know he was absolutely perfect and sure to please her no matter what. “That was some impressive flying, Poe,” Ben’s mother said as they drew near. “I’d heard reports you were good, but this is the first time I got to see for myself.” “Th-thank you, ma’am.” Poe spoke to Leia, but he was looking over her head at Ben. Ben glared right back into those wide, dark eyes with lids that seemed perpetually half-closed and were shaded with long, black lashes. Ben knew he himself would never be that ridiculously good-looking—hell, he’d never even be attractive . That still didn’t give Poe the right to stare at him like that. Ben’s mother was still talking. “All of you trainees will be a credit to the Resistance, provided you stay with us.” Poe’s gaze jerked from Ben down to the general, and he looked surprised. “Well, I’m certainly staying. I can’t imagine any of the others would drop out either.” No wonder Leia liked him, the pretty little sycophant. Ben gritted his teeth. “I’m sure you can’t, Poe, and I’m grateful for your dedication,” she told Poe. “We all are.” Ben couldn’t stand it, and he rolled his eyes. He felt gratified when Poe saw and stared at him again—this time in wonder at Ben’s nerve. But, as usual, Ben ended up paying for it. Maybe it was the Force, or maybe it was just being a mother, but Leia must have known he was mocking her. “Poe, I’ll be right back,” she said to the other boy. “I need to go speak to the others who participated—they all did well—but I have some questions for you about your training, too.” Ben clenched his teeth even harder, barely hearing Poe’s reply as he thought, Oh no, you are not leaving me here with him! But his mother was doing just that, for when he tried to follow her, she turned on him with the tired glare he knew all too well. “ You stay here,” Leia snapped. “You’ve caused me enough trouble today already.” She spun on her heel and walked off, leaving Ben fuming. “Yeah, well, you’re the one who made me come in the first place,” he muttered in her direction, loud enough that she probably heard him. She didn’t give him any reaction, so he rounded instead on Poe, who was looking up at him with a sort of wonder. “We are not going to be friends, Dameron.” To Ben’s satisfaction, Poe looked even more startled. “Uh. . . . What?” “That’s why she’s leaving us alone, to make us talk to each other. She wants us to be friends.” Ben glared at the smaller boy and crossed his arms across his chest. “Probably why she dragged me to the stupid air show in the first place—to make me watch you showing off how great you are.” Poe’s lovely eyes widened even more. “ What? ” Ben luxuriated in the reaction he was getting. “You heard me.” Then, finally, Poe snapped. Ben had half expected him to just stand there and take it, too eager to please the general to fight with her son. But apparently, he did have a backbone to go with that pretty face. “I wasn’t showing off ,” he retorted. “I was having fun!” Poe’s eyes narrowed again into a glare. “And I’m sure General Organa didn’t make you come to watch me . She probably wanted you to get out and—and have fun too.” “Do I look like I’m having fun?” Ben scoffed. One of Poe’s dark eyebrows arched delicately. “No. You never do.” It surprised Ben. He had been sort of glad to see Poe defend himself—but Ben hadn’t expected the kid to take any shots at him . Ben glared back at him, although Poe’s expression had softened. He was looking at Ben more thoughtfully now, eyes moving all over his face. He looked. . . curious. Interested. Interested in what —me? Ben wondered, then immediately chided himself for it. Right. If he’s interested in me, it’s only as a way to impress Mother. “Quit staring at me,” he muttered aloud, shifting his eyes to glower at the ground instead of at Poe. “I don’t want to be your friend anyway.” Poe mumbled the words, but Ben heard them clearly enough. And they hurt. He looked back at the other boy’s face without meaning to, without wanting to. Poe was looking at the ground too, and his face had darkened in a blush. He looked so handsome, he quite literally took Ben’s breath away, and Ben hated him more than ever. “I already have plenty of friends,” Poe added, as if Ben didn’t know that. As if he hadn’t watched from afar day after day as Poe had laughed and worked and flirted with all those other young people. Ben had been envious of Poe, and more than that, he had been envious of them . “Yeah,” he said, as coldly as he could. “I noticed.” Poe looked up at him again, and Ben saw him suck his lower lip in under the edges of his perfect white teeth. “Look, I’m sorry,” the shorter boy blurted out after a moment. “I shouldn’t have said that. I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings.” The apology sounded so sincere, and those dark eyes looked so concerned, it nearly undid Ben. What if he apologized too? What if he gave his mother what she wanted and made friends with Poe Dameron? “Hmph. Like I care about anything you do,” Ben retorted before he could weaken any further. He stepped toward the smaller boy, but Poe didn’t back away, only hardened his eyes to glare right back at Ben. “Hey, I’m trying to be nice!” Poe snapped. “Don’t bother on my account,” Ben informed him. “Mother’s the one you have to impress to get ahead around here, not me. I don’t matter.” Poe was quiet again, staring again; then he murmured, “Of course you matter.” Ben forced himself to ignore him and went on with his tirade. “You’re not even out of training yet, and you’re already her favorite. But she can’t make me like you.” For just a second, Poe’s intriguing eyes looked wounded. But then the look was gone, absorbed by a scowl, and he retorted, “Good! Because I don’t want you to like me!” “Good!” Ben cried right back. They eyed each other for another second, until Ben couldn’t stand it anymore. He turned away from Poe and stormed off the airfield, knowing his mother would let him have it later for disobeying her, but not caring. He just knew he had to get away from Poe Dameron before he lost his temper or his heart or both. Ben looked back over his shoulder, once, but Poe had already turned his back and was looking away at the other trainees and the general. He doesn’t care at all, Ben thought. If he really thought I mattered, he would have come after me. . . or at least he’d still be looking. -- To be continued Chapter 2 “Don’t you worry, ‘cause I'll come back,” I could hear you speaking As you walked to the door. I acted strong to hide the pain When I turn back the pages. Crying might’ve been the answer. What if I shed my tears And begged you not to leave? But now I’m not afraid to do what’s in my heart. -- Poe had heard about Ben leaving—there wasn’t anyone on the base who hadn’t heard it by now. It made Poe feel sad, even though he and Ben hadn’t spoken to each other again in all the time that had passed since the air show. Despite giving up on trying to be friends with the general’s son, Poe had never stopped trying to impress him. He didn’t know if he had succeeded or not, because the few times he saw Ben, the other boy was at a distance and never looking back at Poe. And now Ben was going away, sent off by his parents to train with the Jedi master Luke Skywalker. I’m the one who ended up impressed by him , Poe had thought when he first heard. The irony was not lost on him. Ben must have been something special to merit that kind of training, even if his mother was Skywalker’s sister. Poe never expected to get a chance to say goodbye, not when they’d never even said hello to each other in the first place. But then he’d gone outside, after dinner and before bed the night before Ben was to leave, and there Ben was, some distance away with his back to Poe and the base. Alone, looking at something, the sky maybe, or perhaps at nothing at all. Poe’s feet froze to the ground, and he stood watching the tall, dark-haired figure, wondering what to do. I should go back in and leave him alone, Poe told himself. He hates me, so what would we have to say to each other? Both perfectly logical thoughts, and both trumped by one that made no sense: He’s going away, and he’s never coming back. That was ridiculous, because of course Ben would come back when his training was finished. Probably to visit too. But Poe was young, and “a long time” could very easily seem like “forever.” Poe walked toward him, feet crunching on the tarmac so that Ben had to hear him approaching. The other boy didn’t turn though until Poe had reached him and stood there to look at nothing by his side. “Poe.” Ben spoke his name in that startlingly deep voice, without rancor, without anything really. Just as a way of greeting, the way two acquaintances will nod at each other when they pass in the hallway. “Ben,” Poe said in return, showing they could interact with one another like mature adults, without going for each other’s throats. Poe looked up at him, farther up than he had the last time they’d spoken—Ben had grown even taller, while Poe had not. “I wanted to—” He broke off because he wasn’t sure himself what he hoped to accomplish. Ben glanced down at him then back up at the sky. “To what?” Poe floundered for something and finally came up with, “To say good luck. With your training.” Ben looked at him again, his expression somewhere between hopeful and incredulous as if he were judging whether Poe meant it or not. “Thanks,” he finally said. And then Poe realized it didn’t matter what Ben thought of him, because Ben was going away, because Ben never talked to him even when he was here , because Ben had decided not to like him right from the start so saying what he really wanted to couldn’t make anything worse. “I feel like I’m never going to see you again.” At first Ben stared at Poe with his head turned, but then he shifted his entire body to face the shorter boy directly. Poe couldn’t read his expression now except that the dark eyes were wide and the lips Poe so admired were parted. They closed, and Ben swallowed so hard, Poe could see his throat working. Poe waited, prickles of anxiety flaring on his face and arms, for the inevitable bitter response: “What’s it to you ?” or “I hope you don’t.” Instead, Ben said, “Oh don’t worry, I’ll be back.” His tone was challenging but only in the way a friendly rival’s would be. “When I’m finished training, I’ll come back just to show you up.” His face still looked as anxious as Poe felt. “Yeah?” Poe matched his tone. “Well, I’ll be the top pilot around here by then, so you’d better be ready.” “I won’t be surprised if you are.” Ben’s words came grudgingly, but they sounded sincere. Poe smiled before he could stop himself, because those words meant Ben had noticed him. And then, wonder of wonders, Ben smiled back at him. The smile was small and fleeting, but it was there , curving Ben’s pale mouth and changing every aspect of his face completely. Ben straightened his mouth out right away, but Poe didn’t mind because he could tell it took a conscious effort, because Ben was trying to be surly. “Take care of yourself,” Poe told him. He wanted to say a thousand other things, but none of them seemed right; none of them made any more sense than his irrational conviction Ben was leaving forever. I’ll miss you , when Poe hardly ever saw him anyway. I wish we could have been friends, when it was too late. Don’t go . “I will.” Of course he would. Of course he wanted to go, didn’t he, because what interest could the base hold for a future Jedi? A Jedi, Poe thought. He wasn’t even sure what being one entailed; he only felt vaguely it had to do with suppression of emotion and unquestioning loyalty to the Light side of the Force and. . . chastity probably, celibacy, something like that. Poe felt his face heat up at how disappointing that thought was. Something else that didn’t make sense. Ben was speaking again. “You. . . take care of yourself too.” His voice sounded more hesitant than Poe had ever heard it sound before, and when Poe looked at Ben again, the other boy’s expression hurt him: not because it was cold or angry, but because it was concerned, like Ben really meant what he was saying. It hurt so much, Poe might have teared up if he dwelt on it too long. And what if that happened, what if he started crying and told Ben not to go, not to leave the base, not to leave him ? “M-maybe I’ll send you a hologram sometime,” Poe heard himself saying instead. He looked away as he spoke, because even saying that was embarrassing. Ben was quiet a moment before he replied, “Okay.” Poe finally looked back up at him, once he was sure he really wasn’t going to cry. The taller boy was watching him, again with that unreadable look. “Poe—” he began, then stopped and sucked his lips in between his teeth as his dark eyes shifted away from the other’s face. Ben sighed. “I should go in before Mother comes looking for me. Goodbye, Poe.” Poe nodded. “Goodbye, Ben.” He put out his hand. Ben looked at it before lifting his own hand and grasping Poe’s. Poe looked down too, at the larger, lighter hand wrapped around the smaller, darker one. Ben’s hand felt cold, and although Poe had meant to shake it and let it go, he just held it until it cooled his own. Then Ben’s thumb brushed the back of Poe’s knuckles, his fingers contracted lightly over Poe’s, and he let go. Neither met the other’s eyes again or spoke before Ben left him and went back into the base. -- “Don't you worry ‘cause I'll write to you,” I could see you speaking As you looked away. I acted strong to hide the love When I turn back the pages. Anger might’ve been the answer. What if I shook my head And said that I can’t wait? But now I’m not afraid to do what’s in my heart. -- The night before Ben had to leave, he went outside, alone. It was the only place he could get away from his parents, the frenzied preparations for his departure, the droids—oh, how good it was to get away from the droids. Mostly C-3PO. R2-D2 was snarky yet tolerable, but the golden protocol droid grated on Ben’s nerves like no one else could. He was angrier at his parents, but Threepio was the one who might finally make him lose it. So he walked outside and looked up at the sky and tried to calm down. They were sending him away. Of course, that wasn’t how his mother framed it, and Ben did look forward to the training that would help him grow stronger in the Force—but it all came down to them finding a way to get rid of him. Because he was trouble, and he knew it. He tried to be trouble. But is this what I wanted? To get kicked out? Sent away to Luke in the hopes that I’ll become more like him? Ben wondered. He didn’t want to leave the base. And he didn’t want to stay. He didn’t know what he wanted. He heard the crunch of feet behind him, approaching. Who was it? Not that damned droid because Threepio toddled and these steps were hesitant but firm. And anyway, Ben could sense an organic life force. . . one familiar but which he couldn’t place. Not his mother. Not his father—but of course Han Solo wouldn’t come out here after him unless Leia made him. Before Ben could figure it out, the person had reached him, stood beside him, and he looked, and it was Poe Dameron. Ben’s heartbeat spiked, and he stared down at the other boy in utter bewilderment before raising his head to watch the night sky again. “Poe,” he murmured. He managed to keep any emotion out of his voice, even the surprise. What was Poe doing there? Ben couldn’t fathom it. “Ben,” Poe returned. Out of the corner of his eye, Ben saw the shorter boy look up at him. “I wanted to—” And then he stopped. Ben glanced at him, into the brown eyes watching him, then made himself turn away again. “To what?” he prompted. He wanted to know what Poe Dameron had come out there to do. What in the galaxy he could ever want to do with, or for, Ben. Poe didn’t respond at first. Finally, he said, “To say good luck. With your training.” Ben had no idea why Poe would want to wish him luck, why Poe would care or want anything for him at all. He turned his head back down to study Poe’s face, trying to figure him out. Poe’s perfect features expressed an earnestness Ben hoped was genuine even though he couldn’t understand why it would be. Not with the way I’ve treated him, Ben thought. “Thanks,” was all he said aloud. It was hard to say even that. Everything in him wanted to lash out at Poe, to take refuge in anger because that was the one emotion Ben could understand. All the other things Poe made him feel. . . those things refused to be comprehended. “I feel like I’m never going to see you again,” Poe blurted out. Ben felt his own mouth fall open, and he couldn’t remember how to close it. Why did you say that? he thought, his brain firing words at Poe which his lips couldn’t form. What gives you that feeling? And why would you tell me? Why would you care ? He turned his body to face Poe and finally managed to close his mouth as they stared at each other. Ben swallowed hard. “Oh don’t worry, I’ll be back,” he told the other boy, because he had to say something , and he was able to force a cockiness into his voice he didn’t really feel. “When I’m finished training, I’ll come back just to show you up.” Poe’s lovely eyes widened, lit up. “Yeah? Well, I’ll be the top pilot around here by then, so you’d better be ready.” “I won’t be surprised if you are,” Ben muttered. He meant it. Poe was already Leia’s favorite of the trainees, and Ben fully expected him to be her favorite of the pilots too. Because Poe was good—not just good, the best , already. Ben knew it from keeping track of Poe over the past few months, from watching him fly and listening every time Poe’s name came up in conversation. More than anything else, he had watched Poe’s face from a distance—the expressive, beautiful face that haunted Ben’s dreams, the times he couldn’t control them. Ben had seen Poe smile often, but never at him. Until now. Now, Poe smiled at his words, at him , and that smile made Ben smile too from sheer joy. He was able to control it after a minute, but he knew Poe had seen it. “Take care of yourself,” Poe said. “I will.” Ben stopped when Poe’s eyes left his face, drifting to the side. Ben watched as Poe’s tan skin darkened more over his cheekbones. Whatever he was thinking of, it was making him blush, and he looked more handsome than Ben had ever seen him look before. I don’t want to leave, Ben thought. I don’t want to leave him . And that was something else he could not comprehend. “You. . . take care of yourself too,” Ben murmured. At the sound of his voice, Poe looked up at him again. The eyes gazing up at him under their lids looked very bright until they shifted away again. “M-maybe I’ll send you a hologram sometime,” the shorter boy muttered. No, you won’t. You’ll forget about me—and I hope I’ll forget about you, Ben said to Poe in his mind. But aloud, he only said, “Okay.” And in spite of his desire to forget, Ben tried to memorize every detail of how Poe’s face looked when their eyes met again. “Poe—” Ben began, almost saying any one of the hundred things he felt and didn’t understand. I wish I could stay with you. I wish you were coming with me. I hope that one day I’ll be someone you can admire—that I’ll be as good as you. He caught himself just in time and bit his lips to prevent any words from escaping. When he was sure he had control of himself, he told the other boy, “I should go in before Mother comes looking for me. Goodbye, Poe.” Poe nodded and murmured, “Goodbye, Ben.” He held out his hand, smaller than Ben’s but as perfectly proportioned as the rest of him. Ben looked down at it as he took Poe’s warm hand in his. He held it until his own palm was warm too, and he knew he had to let go. He ran his thumb over the back of Poe’s knuckles, feeling each ridge and each valley between them. Finally, Ben squeezed Poe’s hand, a little, and let it go. Ben didn’t look at Poe’s face again when he turned away and went back inside. -- To be continued Chapter 3 Notes: Okay, so I started writing the third chapter of this in-canon. . . and I made myself cry so hard, I had to erase it all. So instead, you get this: how I wish things would turn out! Specifically, Ben is redeemed, both he and Poe make it through without dying/losing any limbs/getting damaged too badly (although I spent all of TFA just waiting for Ben to lose his hand/arm, so I doubt this is likely), and neither of them ends up with someone else. On a related note, this is the last in-canon fic I’m doing for this pairing, because it nearly broke me. I will be continuing my AUs and doing canon Star Wars fics about other characters though~ Those thousand words have never been spoken. So far away, I'm sending them to you wherever you are, Suspended on shiny wings. -- Poe never had known what to say to Ben, not then and not now. He’d never sent any holograms for that very reason: he couldn’t think of anything worth saying, anything that Ben wouldn’t find inane or trifling. And then Ben was gone, and Luke Skywalker was gone, and it all had gone so very badly. Poe had thought he’d forgiven Ben though, had even felt a bit magnanimous about it. . . until now, until Ben finally came home, and Poe still didn’t know what to say to him. Sure, Poe could forgive him for everything Ben had done to Poe himself: for capturing him, for having him interrogated, even for stealing the very thoughts from Poe’s mind. But those were minute grievances compared to what Ben had done to his own family. Poe thought he had forgiven that too, but now he wasn’t so sure. Now he didn’t know if he even had the right to forgive it. He wasn’t Ben’s family—he wasn’t Ben’s anything , and he never had been. Never his friend, never even his enemy because Kylo Ren had only been interested in him for the map he carried. And now that Ben had come back to the Light, Poe should hold no interest for him at all. Just how things always were, Poe thought as he sat out in the near darkness beside his X-Wing, what had become his favorite spot to be alone. Well, alone from organic companionship anyway: as usual, BB-8 had followed Poe outside when he escaped the base’s crowded celebration in Ben’s honor. Normally, Poe enjoyed a good party as much as anyone—maybe more so, him being such a social person—but not with Ben there at the center, like a black hole with a spiral galaxy of living bodies held around him by his gravity. Poe hadn’t been able to look at him very long, but not because Ben’s face had changed. It was older of course, more mature and lightly scarred in places, but it was fundamentally the same, and that was what Poe couldn’t bear. Ben’s face still held that same expression Poe remembered, that look of haughty bewilderment. Of course, Ben had a reason for that expression just then: he wouldn’t like being the center of attention, not in that way. He wouldn’t like being fawned over. He wouldn’t like being forgiven. And Poe didn’t like seeing it happen, so he’d gone outside, and no one had noticed except for BB-8. The little droid had been learning to recognize when Poe didn’t want to talk, and even as he rolled after Poe, BB-8 hadn’t made a sound beyond the whir of the servos which powered his movement. Now he sat at Poe’s right side in silence, letting the pilot lean against him. Poe closed his eyes and wondered what he would say to Ben if they were forced to interact at some point. General Organa wouldn’t make them; they were all way past that , he knew, and he wondered if she had forgiven Ben. She loved him, Poe knew, would always love him. But how could anyone forgive the person who had shattered her family, even (or especially) when that person was her son? Poe still hadn’t thought of any answers to his questions when his silent communion with his droid was interrupted. This time, Poe was the one who heard the crunch of boots on the tarmac, the one who wondered which person had realized he was missing and come out after him. Poe didn’t open his eyes to see until he felt BB-8’s dome turn, and he heard the droid squeal . Then BB-8 was zipping away from him, and Poe, suddenly unsupported, crashed to the ground and landed hard on his right arm. “ Ow !” he groaned. “BB-8, what—” Poe had started to sit back up before looked where the droid had gone, and he almost fell over again when he saw BB-8 a few feet in front of him, facing away from Poe and literally growling in a haze of static. Looking down at Poe, past the dome of the irate droid separating them, stood Ben. Poe sat there a moment, dumbly brushing gravel off the sleeve of his jacket while cradling his bruised arm in his lap, before he stumbled to his feet. His face burned, and he had even less idea of what to say than before. Ben had stopped some yards away, and as he took a step forward, BB-8 gave a static-filled series of warning beeps. “BB-8, it’s okay,” Poe muttered. He moved behind the droid to pat him on the dome. BB-8 spun his head around to face Poe, chittering in a tone of concern. Obviously, the droid hadn’t forgiven Ben and didn’t seem to trust him much either, for that matter. Poe glanced up at the taller man and saw a rather satisfying apprehension on his face as Ben watched BB-8. “Go back inside, buddy. Threepio and Artoo probably need your help,” Poe told BB-8, feeling magnanimous again. BB-8 shook his dome no and beeped something he must have learned from R2-D2. “Really, it’s okay,” Poe insisted. The droid whirred and finally relented, although he stopped and looked from one man to the other after rolling just a short distance away. Only when Poe nodded at him encouragingly did BB-8 retreat back inside, although he gave Ben one last warning beep on his way. When they were alone, Ben still didn’t speak; he just kept looking down at Poe with that same bewildered expression. Poe felt like he was going to lose it if one of them didn’t say something , so he finally mumbled, “How did you get away from everybody?” Ben shrugged his broad shoulders. “I told them I was going to bed.” His voice was like Poe remembered it, startlingly deep. Deep enough without the mask to alter it, deep enough to make Poe’s spine tingle. Ben went on, “How did you ?” “No one was paying any attention to me . Wasn’t that what you always wanted?” Poe hadn’t meant to say that , but once he did, he couldn’t stop. “You said you’d come back to show me up. I just thought it would be a lot sooner than this.” He probably doesn’t remember saying that , Poe knew. Probably doesn’t even remember saying goodbye to me. Ben’s jaw had tightened, and he appeared to be grinding his teeth as he watched Poe. Poe expected an outburst of anger, but whatever Ben was feeling, he tamped it down before he spoke again. “I gave up.” The whole galaxy was contained in those three words, everything Ben had done and everything that had been done to him, and they completely undid Poe. “Ben, don’t,” he muttered. He had to look away, up at the night sky above them and the stars that littered it. But Ben continued, as if, like Poe, he couldn’t stop talking once he started. He spoke slowly, and Poe wondered if Ben had even planned this, rehearsed it. “I wanted to be as good at something— anything— as you were, Poe, but I never was. I wanted you to admire me, and I never could accomplish that , either. The best I could do was forget about you for a while.” “ Don’t .” The bitterness and envy, the hatred implied in Ben’s words were more than Poe wanted to contemplate. His eyes picked out a star at random and focused on it. “You’re not going to make me responsible for anything you—” “Of course you weren’t responsible!” Ben snapped, shaken out of his steady recitation. “Nothing I did once I left here was about you. It was never about you. Do you really think you’re the—the center of the galaxy or something?” Poe’s eyes jerked away from the star and down to meet Ben’s, of their own outraged accord. “I didn’t think about you, Poe. Not for a long time.” “I never said you did!” Poe cried. “Is that why you came out here, to tell me you didn’t miss me?” “No.” And then Ben spoke slowly again, back in control of himself. “Because I did think about you sometimes, after I saw you again. I did miss you.” In a way, that almost hurt worse. “Ben—” Poe began, not sure what he would reply, but the other man interrupted him. “But I came out here to say I’m sorry. I know it won’t mean anything to you, but I am.” Poe could only stare at him a moment before he could formulate any words. “What. . . what for? I mean—why—what did you do to me ?” Ben’s look of bewilderment was genuine then, and Poe fumbled to explain. “I mean. . . I should be the last one you worry about apologizing to. Your. . . your family. . . .” Poe regretted the words as soon as he spoke them because of the way Ben’s brows contracted with pain. “What I owe my family doesn’t lessen what I owe you ,” he murmured. “I hurt you. I’m sorry.” All Poe could do was accept it, for he realized he did forgive Ben, forgave him everything whether Poe had the right to or not. “Thank you.” Poe conceded, “It—it does mean something to me. It means a lot.” Ben’s expression was guarded, cautious. “Really?” “Yes.” Poe finally found words. Maybe they weren’t the right thing to say, but they were honest. Poe felt like the two of them were boys again as he spoke, because he should have started being honest way back then. “I thought about you too, sometimes. I missed you too.” The cautiousness had dropped from Ben’s face, and now he looked more than bewildered: he looked astounded . Poe took two steps closer to him. “And you said you wanted me to admire you—I always admired you, Ben. Who you were, and who you could have been,” Poe went on. “I admire you now because you came back, and because you can still be the person you were meant to be.” Ben was still staring at him, the tendons in his neck standing out like he wanted to look away yet was forced to keep his eyes on Poe’s face. Unshed tears rimmed his lower eyelids. “I don’t deserve that,” Ben finally spoke. “Too bad,” shrugged Poe. “It’s what you’re getting. You can’t change how I feel about you, no matter how hard you try.” He found that he could smile again, and then Ben was smiling too a little, and the tears dissolved back into his eyes. “I told you, I gave up.” Ben moved closer to Poe as well and held out his hand, as Poe had done to him years before. That had been goodbye, but this was. . . what? Hello? A truce? Poe put his smaller hand in Ben’s, felt the long fingers close over it and hold it. Ben’s hand was still cooler than Poe’s, but when he tried to let go after a moment, Poe didn’t let him. He folded his own darker fingers down over Ben’s, hard, squeezing them. Ben wasn’t looking at him anymore; the taller man had lowered his eyes to avoid meeting Poe’s gaze. “Why won’t you look at me?” Poe asked him. “I don’t know how,” Ben muttered. Poe didn’t understand until he went on, “When I’m not mad at you, I mean. I’m not sure what to do if I can’t glare at you.” He flicked his eyes up to Poe’s with another faint smile on his pale lips. “You can smile at me,” Poe told him, still smiling himself. “I like seeing you smile.” Their hands were still clasped and Ben tried again to tug his away, but Poe held firm. “Poe—” A note of desperation sounded in Ben’s voice. “Don’t.” “Don’t what?” “Don’t—don’t be so nice to me. You’ve always been too nice.” “I’m not just being nice,” Poe declared. “I meant everything I said to you. Why can’t you—why can’t you let anyone love you, even now? That’s been your problem all along. Let us love you.” Ben’s dark eyes had widened, and now they were fixed on Poe’s face. He looked utterly horrified. Poe looked back at him a moment then let Ben’s hand drop. It wasn’t enough to hold just his hand; Ben needed more than that. . . and so did Poe. He slipped his arms around Ben’s torso and embraced the larger man with a grip firm enough to prevent Ben from pulling away should he try. He didn’t; instead, Ben’s entire body stiffened, and a choked noise escaped his mouth. Poe just held him and waited, leaning his head against Ben’s shoulder and feeling the other man’s heart beating so hard, it reverberated through Poe’s body too. Finally, he felt Ben’s arms lift and fold themselves around him limply. When Poe didn’t move or lessen his own grip, Ben’s left arm tightened, and his right hand went to Poe’s head, raking numbly through his hair before cupping the side of his face. Ben shuddered. “Poe.” He tilted Poe’s chin up with his hand, and Poe looked up at him. It was the closest they’d ever been to each other, at least without a mask between them, and Poe thought he could spend all night just looking at Ben’s face, learning every new scar and refamiliarizing himself with all the features he had always admired: eyes, lips, hair. He felt oddly safe encircled in Ben’s arm, even though the taller man could quite easily have destroyed him where he stood. When I was his prisoner, Kylo Ren could have used the Force to break me—physically or mentally, Poe thought. If he didn’t then, Ben won’t now. The only thing he might break now is my heart, and he’s done that a hundred times already. “Yeah?” Poe finally asked in response to Ben’s voicing of his name. “I’ll let you.” His eyes were still apprehensive as they looked down into Poe’s, until Poe leaned up on his toes and kissed him—not his mouth but his cheek. When Poe’s mouth touched his skin, one of Ben’s hands tightened in a spasm on his jaw and the other on his waist. Ben held Poe there on tiptoe, pressed to his body, and turned his head to whisper against Poe’s ear, “If you let me .” Poe wanted to make him say it, the one thing that mattered out of all that lay unspoken between them. “Let you what?” he murmured. “ Love you. ” Ben’s deep voice was barely audible, even right beside Poe’s ear. Poe shifted until Ben’s forehead rested against his own, Ben’s head bent slightly down and Poe’s tilted slightly up. Poe was wobbling a little, his arches aching from standing on his toes, but Ben was the one who shook when Poe breathed, “I will,” barely an inch below his lips. Then Ben’s fingertips dug into the skin over Poe’s jaw and held his head still while Ben’s mouth caught his. Their lips only brushed together before separating, but then Ben kissed him again, hard enough to make Poe drop back flat on his feet again. Ben lowered his head to keep his mouth pressed to the shorter man’s. Poe didn’t know which one of them opened his mouth first, but within seconds they were kissing each other deeply, and seconds after that, Poe had Ben backed up against his plane so he could rub his body against the larger man’s as they kissed. “We should go inside before someone comes looking for us,” Ben gasped when Poe finally broke the kiss to catch his breath. Ben’s hands were gripping his hips, holding Poe against him in such a way that Poe knew Ben wasn’t talking about going back in to where the others were gathered. “You said you were going to bed,” Poe pointed out. “Where’s bed?” Ben looked down at him. “My old room.” Poe hesitated, weighing every option. It didn’t take him long. “Take me with you,” he murmured. “Will you stay all night?” Ben was still leaving most of it unsaid, Poe knew it—but for the first time, that was all right, because Poe also knew what he was really asking. Poe smiled and said, “Yes.” -- Those thousand words have never been spoken. They’ll cradle you, making all of your pain seem so far away, And hold you forever. -- Ben had never known what to say to Poe, not then and not now. He hadn’t even seen the pilot since he’d been home until night fell and nearly everyone in the base was there, surrounding him. Ben hated it. It was embarrassing—no, humiliating , all this joy over him that he didn’t deserve. The only one not joyous, it seemed, was Poe: Ben finally glimpsed him over by a wall, not looking at Ben or at anyone. Poe’s dark head was bent, but his lips were moving—maybe talking to that droid of his, who would be too short to be seen over the organic crowd. When Ben next looked, Poe was gone, but then Ben saw him leaving, going outside with BB-8 trailing behind him. Apparently, Poe of all people was the only one not ready to forgive him, and right then, it was Poe’s forgiveness he wanted. Ben had to talk to him, even without any idea of what to say. He still remembered what Poe had said the last time they stood out there— I feel like I’m never going to see you again —and how that premonition had almost could true. He couldn’t risk it happening again, couldn’t risk being separated from Poe without making some sort of peace between them. But he couldn’t get away until he desperately latched on to the excuse of being exhausted—which he was—and claimed he was going to bed—which he wasn’t. He left through an interior passageway, thankfully escaping without an escort, and slipped out another door leading to the outside. Poe had been heading toward his X-Wing, and it was in that direction Ben went now. He could sense Poe’s presence even before his eyes made out the smaller man’s seated figure in the near darkness. Once they adjusted, Ben could see him leaning against the droid with his own eyes closed. Poe’s looks hadn’t changed; he remained ridiculously handsome, downright beautiful in a masculine way. Poe’s body had matured, but his face was still youthful, and Ben still felt breathless looking at him. Ben approached Poe slowly, trying to sort out what to say in his head. An apology, an explanation of sorts. Nothing Poe would want to hear or would care about, probably, but maybe he would at least let Ben say it without cutting him off. Ben imagined saying Poe’s name softly, squatting down next to him and— The droid’s dome-shaped head spun toward Ben, and the infernal little ball gave an ear-splitting squeal. Ben winced, frozen where he stood, as BB-8 darted away from Poe to stand guard in front of him, fidgeting and growling. Behind him, Poe fell over; he had apparently been leaning his full weight on the droid and lost his balance when his support rolled away from him. “ Ow! ” He started to sit up. “BB-8, what—” Poe’s dark eyes fixed on Ben, and he wobbled like he was about to fall over a second time. Ben secretly thrilled at seeing Poe do something clumsy, as well as at how utterly adorable he looked doing it. At the same time, Ben hated the droid a little for startling and embarrassing Poe, because that would make the pilot all the less likely to want to talk to Ben at all. Poe favored his hurt arm and brushed dirt from his sleeve as he looked up at Ben; then he got to his feet with some awkwardness. Ben took a step toward him, but BB-8 began beeping at him in an irate tone to convey that he was willing to do whatever it took to protect his master. Poe probably trusts me even less than that, Ben realized. And he has every right to feel that way. It was almost enough to make him turn away; he might have if Poe hadn’t spoken to the droid then. “BB-8, it’s okay.” He went up behind the droid and caressed his dome with one hand. BB-8 turned his head to look back at the pilot and chirp something. Poe glanced up at Ben, almost smiled , then spoke to his droid again. “Go back inside, buddy. Threepio and Artoo probably need your help.” BB-8 shook his dome from side to side and gave a rude-sounding beep. “Really, it’s okay,” Poe assured him. Ben heard a long whirr come from BB-8, but then the droid finally rolled out from between them. He paused, turning his dome to look from Ben back to Poe again. When Poe gave him a nod, BB-8 headed back for the base, casting a cautionary beep at Ben as he passed. Even when BB-8 was gone, Ben couldn’t speak. All of what he had planned to say was forgotten, startled away by the droid’s angry reaction to his presence. Poe was staring at him, and the shorter man finally asked, “How did you get away from everybody?” At least Ben had the presence of mind to answer a direct question and repeat it back to Poe. “I told them I was going to bed. How did you ?” Poe’s eyes—still the beautiful, half-lidded eyes Ben remembered—narrowed. “No one was paying any attention to me . Wasn’t that what you always wanted?” Ben clenched his jaw at the sudden feeling of anger the other man aroused in him. I’m trying to apologize, and you won’t even let me do that . Poe kept talking, kept accusing. “You said you’d come back to show me up. I just thought it would be a lot sooner than this.” Ben wanted to stay angry at him. He wanted to go back inside and leave Poe there, if that’s how the pilot was going to be. But anger wasn’t going to get him anywhere; if he had learned anything, he’d learned that . He let out his held breath and said the first words that came to his lips. “I gave up.” Poe’s lovely eyes opened wide, just before they left Ben’s face and the pilot tilted his head back to look up at the sky instead. He muttered, “Ben, don’t.” Finally, what Ben had intended to say came back to him, and he knew he had to say it now before something else took away his chance or his voice. “I wanted to be as good at something— anything —as you were, Poe, but I never was. I wanted you to admire me, and I never could accomplish that , either. The best I could do was forget about you for a while.” “Don’t ,” Poe pleaded, but then his voice changed to one of irritation as he went on, “You’re not going to make me responsible for anything you—” “Of course you weren’t responsible!” Ben interrupted. What did Poe think Ben was trying to say—that he was still trying to blame someone else? Either that, or Poe was audacious enough to believe that he was all Ben ever thought about. He would think that, the cocky little bastard, Ben seethed. Aloud, he spat, “Nothing I did once I left here was about you. It was never about you. Do you really think you’re the—the center of the galaxy or something?” Poe finally looked at him again, furious. Ben went on, “I didn’t think about you, Poe.” He wanted to leave it at that, but it would have been a lie. “Not for a long time.” “I never said you did!” Poe retorted. “Is that why you came out here, to tell me you didn’t miss me?” That was the very opposite of what Ben had intended to say, and he waited to speak until after he had calmed himself enough to answer honestly. “No. Because I did think about you sometimes, after I saw you again. I did miss you.” The anger in Poe’s eyes burned out, leaving a hurt look behind. “Ben—” Ben interrupted Poe before the pilot could stop him from finishing what he intended to say. “But I came out here to say I’m sorry. I know it won’t mean anything to you, but I am.” Poe only stared at him a moment. Finally, he stammered, “What. . . what for? I mean—why—what did you do to me ?” What for?! Ben stared right back. Did Poe want a list of what Ben had done to him? Seeming to realize that he wasn’t making sense, Poe tried to clarify, “I mean. . . I should be the last one you worry about apologizing to. Your. . . your family. . . .” Ben winced but brushed the comment aside. “What I owe my family doesn’t lessen what I owe you . I hurt you. I’m sorry.” The tension in Poe’s face relaxed, and Ben relaxed too. He had said it, and Poe had listened, had heard him. That was the best he could have hoped for. “Thank you,” Poe told him. “It—it does mean something to me. It means a lot.” “Really?” Ben murmured. “Yes. I thought about you too, sometimes. I missed you too.” Apprehension rose in Ben once more as Poe spoke; it threated to throttle him when Poe actually stepped closer to him and continued, “And you said you wanted me to admire you—I always admired you, Ben. Who you were, and who you could have been. I admire you now because you came back, and because you can still be the person you were meant to be.” Ben didn’t want to look at him anymore, didn’t want to meet the dark eyes that gazed up at him so prettily, but he couldn’t tear his own eyes away, even as they threatened to tear up. “I don’t deserve that,” he muttered. Poe shrugged, and, praise the Force, the flippant tone of his next words actually made Ben smile a little and melted some of the tension inside him. “Too bad. It’s what you’re getting. You can’t change how I feel about you, no matter how hard you try.” He was smiling too. “I told you,” Ben said, “I gave up.” He was able to step forward, close enough for Poe to take his hand when he put it out. Ben wasn’t quite sure what he had intended to do—shake hands, maybe, like they had finally made a deal with one another about how to proceed—but he certainly hadn’t intended for Poe to hang on to his hand when Ben tried to withdraw it a moment later. Poe’s fingers contracted around his, and Ben had to look at the ground when he couldn’t bear to see the affection in Poe’s eyes. “Why won’t you look at me?” Poe’s tone was almost teasing. You’re too damn beautiful, Ben thought, but aloud, he said, “I don’t know how. When I’m not mad at you, I mean. I’m not sure what to do if I can’t glare at you.” He managed to look at Poe again and to smile a little, to show he wasn’t being serious. Poe positively beamed at him. “You can smile at me. I like seeing you smile.” Every bit of Ben’s tension returned, because of the terrible hope Poe’s words raised in him. He tried to get his hand back, but Poe refused to let go. “Poe—don’t,” Ben gasped, echoing the pilot’s earlier plea. “Don’t what?” Poe was still smiling, damn him. “Don’t—don’t be so nice to me,” Ben groaned. “You’ve always been too nice.” Poe’s smile shifted into a cocky pursing of his lips. “I’m not just being nice. I meant everything I said to you.” He faltered then blurted out, “Why can’t you—why can’t you let anyone love you, even now? That’s been your problem all along. Let us love you.” Every organ inside of Ben’s body felt like it was being clenched in some invisible fist. Let us love you. Us. As if Poe could, did love him. Poe was regarding him with a mildly curious expression, and he finally let go of Ben’s hand. But by then, Ben didn’t have the presence of mind to try to escape, and anyway, Poe’s arms were around him a second later. Ben’s muscles clenched as tightly as his stomach had a moment ago, and he heard himself make a sound low in his throat. Poe’s little body was warm against him, his dark head resting on Ben’s shoulder as he held the larger man. And Ben wanted Poe to hold him, to hold him and never let go. He embraced the pilot with trepidation at first, and when Poe didn’t react, Ben tightened his hold with one arm and lifted his other hand, trembling, to touch Poe’s wavy hair. He stroked it with shaky fingers then rested his hand against Poe’s face, fingers under the curve of his jaw. Poe must have shaved that evening because his skin was smooth against Ben’s fingertips. Ben shuddered involuntarily with desire that was both physical and emotional. He had always denied that desire in the past, always , but it was more difficult now that Poe was there in his hands, and Poe wasn’t fighting it or running away. Ben heard himself say Poe’s name as he lifted his palm, tilting Poe’s chin up. Poe looked up at him, his dark eyes moving over Ben’s face. They finally settled on Ben’s own eyes. “Yeah?” Poe prompted. “I’ll let you.” He watched Poe, waiting for some kind of reaction but never expecting what he got: Poe standing up on his toes to kiss Ben’s cheek. It was a kiss a child might have given, tender and sweet, but at the same time, it sent such desire through Ben, he gripped Poe to him reflexively. He pressed his own lips to Poe’s ear. “If you let me, ” he whispered, pled for what he couldn’t say. “Let you what?” Poe was going to make him say it. Ben could barely whisper the words. “ Love you .” Poe turned his head, tilting it up so he could press his forehead to Ben’s while he whispered, “I will.” He was tantalizing, teasing deliberately, Ben knew it—Poe’s mouth was so close to his own, but again he was goading Ben into being the one to act. I don’t care, Ben realized, and with that realization came a freedom he had never tasted before. I’ll do whatever he wants if I can have him. He gripped Poe’s jaw to hold him still, then kissed him: first lightly, testing, then hard. Poe came down off his toes and clutched Ben’s back as they kissed deeper. Ben was so lost in the sensation of Poe’s tongue thrusting into his mouth, he didn’t notice that the smaller man had turned them both—until Poe pushed him until Ben’s back met the side of Poe’s X-Wing, now behind him. Poe was on him again in an instant, simultaneously exploring Ben’s mouth and grinding against his body. Finally, Poe let up on him, drawing back his head and breathing hard. Able to think again, Ben realized that while he had given an excuse for his departure from the festivities inside, Poe had not. Someone else might come out after Poe, or BB-8 might come back to check on him. Ben wasn’t sure by whom he least wanted to be caught kissing Poe: his mother or Poe’s droid. “We should go back inside before someone comes looking for us.” Ben managed to get the words out coherently, even though the feel of Poe’s hips under his hands was clouding his brain. Too late he realized Poe might misunderstand, might think Ben wanted to stop—he never wanted to stop. But for the first time in the years since they met, Poe understood him perfectly. “You said you were going to bed. Where’s bed?” “My old room,” Ben said, looking down into the lovely, dilated dark eyes gazing back up at him. A few seconds passed, interminable seconds that each lasted an eon, before Poe whispered, “Take me with you.” Ben still didn’t know what to say to him, how to ask what he wanted to ask. Are you going to stay with me? Because I can’t be the one who leaves this time. Because if I do let you love me, if I let myself love you and then you leave me, it will kill me. All of that remained unspoken, and Ben only asked, “Will you stay all night?” Poe smiled. Once more, he understood. Perfectly. “Yes,” he said. -- Those thousand words have never been spoken, Making all of those years feel like only days. -- The End Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the BenPoe Canon series Next Work →