Attraction Kylo is alone when he wakes up. He rolls over under the sheets, stretching out from his fingers to his toes and revelling in the smoothness of a high tread count and the coolness of the controlled environment after burning for so many days. He strains his ears for any sound of the general moving about in the refresher of the outer chamber, but it's all silent. Kylo is used to Hux running off after their ruts or heats, or even disappearing in the midst of them when he feels like he needs a time-out. It never quite stops bothering him in that niggling way he recognises as a biological discomfort rather than a rational one. Everything hurts when he gets up. It isn't necessarily a bad pain, but he still has to support himself with a hand on the wall when he slowly makes his way to the refresher. The skin on his back feels like it's two sizes too small, pulling every time he moves, and he's acutely aware of the limp. He dials the lights up as high as they will go and turns his back to the mirror; admires the welts and stripes over his skin; pink and purple and blue and still holding their distinctive shape. There are two thin raised lines high up on his back, criss-crossing over his right shoulder blade, where the skin has broken. He traces the line, feeling the rough start of scabbing under his fingers. The belt is too wide to break the skin efficiently, really. It'd take a switch. Bruises in the shape of fingers and teeth stand out on his hips and shoulders - a lot more than there usually is, and he feels some disappointment that Hux isn't there to compare with. Hux isn't there, but his bathtub is. Kylo hasn't had a bath in longer than he cares to remember. In space you count yourself lucky if you don't have to regulate yourself to sonic showers, and Starkiller Base has hardly been built with comfort in mind. It fills up quickly from the many vents on the sides, instantly steaming, and he sinks in slowly. He submerges himself down to his shoulders, then to his nose, his knees and toes rising out of the water like islands, and feels like a child again for a moment. He leans his head against the hard brim of the tub. It's very quiet, and when his ears drop under the surface all he hears is blood and air moving through his body. He opens up his senses to the thrum of the ship around him, almost like a living thing, and meditates. When he hears the hiss of the door opening in the outer chamber he can tell it isn't Hux, and when he opens his eyes it's the sight of a droid that greets him. It's standing over him with three of its many limbs extended a few inches above his head. There's a sponge in one, a towel, and something that looks like a flask of bath salt. It's a domestic droid with a sort of salmon-pink paint job that's probably supposed to look disarming. It has a frustum-shaped body and a dome-shaped head and a middle section full of retractable arms and appendages between them. It looks vaguely familiar; it's hard to forget a colour like that. "Wait," he tries to say when the flask starts to tip to the side, but it's too late and he grumbles at the grit of the crystals at the bottom of the tub before they dissolve. In moments his nose is filled with the chalky scent of minerals and vormur and something else that he can't quite put his finger on but calls to mind some of the worst backwater dens he has ever had the misfortune to visit. Almost immediately he feels a dulling of the ache in his muscles and his skin. "What was in that thing?" The droid rattles off a list of chemical components that make little sense to him. Not even when it helpfully projects them onto the wall. " No ," he says more sharply when the droid produces the bacta next and approaches him with its creepy roll-on appendage. "I don't care if it goes against your directives," he maintains at its exasperated beeps and boops. "Your objection is noted. You are no longer required. Leave." The droid fails to move. "What do you mean you can't ? ...I am not going fall asleep and drown!" The droid's stony silence is impregnable. "Go- go stand in the corner," he orders. The droid rolls away and wedges itself in between the sink and the towel rack. Kylo sinks back into the water and tries to regain some of the peace he felt before he was interrupted. It doesn't come easily. The next time the door opens it's the general. Hux pauses in the doorway to the refresher, fully dressed in his uniform and carrying the scent of fresh-ground caf and baked goods with him. He doesn't avert his eyes and Kylo doesn't make any effort to cover himself. In the light of day it feels like they haven't seen each other for ages, and he can't help looking now, at the clenched jaw and the creased brow and the hair; at its most orange under the stark refresher light. "I received a notification about overuse of water," is the first thing out of Hux's mouth. Kylo wriggles his toes in the warm current from the vent at the foot of the tub. "I was off the ship for two weeks," Kylo reminds him. "I didn't want my share to go to waste." "I see that your grasp of reality hasn't improved during your absence." "What's the point of having a tub if you don't use it?" Hux's lip curls up over his teeth. There's nothing but condescension and disdain on his face when he looks down his nose at Kylo, and it's ridiculous how that makes his heart beat faster. "I use it when the water supply allows for it." "When would that be?" Hux's mouth makes a moue of discontent. "Last week," he says, and Kylo smirks, delighted to have caught him in a lie. "Move over." Hux sighs. Kylo pulls his feet up to make room for him at the other edge of the tub. It really isn't designed for two full grown men. Water goes splashing over the brim and there's no avoiding touching each other as they crowd for space, not that Kylo tries very hard not to. Hux allows the droid to approach him with its abundance of helpful tools and attachments. He sits passively as it pours a pail of water over his head, slicking his hair to his scalp until he shakes the water off like a child, looking perfectly at ease with domestic droids. Kylo watches him from behind his knees. "You were raised by droids, weren't you?" "They were present. What of it?" Hux asks, and he sounds neither offended nor defensive. Kylo shrugs. He doesn't ask what a childhood without the touch of your parents is like, nor does he dwell on memories of his mother's hands or his father's arms. The droid in question helpfully supplies the general with a sponge which he approaches Kylo with, encroaching on his side of the tub. "Turn around." Even the soft texture of the sponge feels like needles pulling under his skin, but he still curves his back into his touch, stretching the skin taut so all the marks stand out. Hux inspects his work, the press of his fingers on the welts occasionally startling moans out of Kylo's mouth, and he doesn't once threaten to heal them. He traces the length of the two cuts; softened by the water but still ragged, and Kylo hears him holding his breath even as his own shudders out of him. He wonders if the water masks the scent of his arousal or if Hux can already smell it on him. When Hux's hand trails up to his neck he tilts his head to the side, bares himself to his touch without a second's thought. Hux's bare fingers pressing down on the tender spot in the junction of his neck and shoulder has him shivering. "You wouldn't let me-" Hux trails off, uncharacteristically hesitant. "I want you to consider it." "I can't have two masters." Hux scoffs. "Are you planning on being obedient?" His hands keep wandering. There's a lazy indulgence to his touch that makes Kylo drowsy; Hux's thumb pressing down under the edge of his jaw so his palm envelops his neck. Kylo shrugs, uncertain, suddenly. Snoke hasn't exactly educated him on relationship courtesy, and he can't tell whether the fairy tales he was fed as a child have any bearing in the world he lives in. He doesn't even really know what Hux looks for in an partner, now that he thinks of it. Most of his previous assumptions have been disproved by the baffling fact that Hux thinks Kylo fits any of his requirements. "Snoke isn't your alpha." Kylo isn't sure what Snoke is. Something that transcends gender and designation. The truth is that no one has held that distinction since his mother. It's a space she vacated and he has failed to fill since. "No," he says, and it's as much agreement as it is rejection. He turns around. Hux doesn't move back so they're tucked together closely in his end of the tub, some wariness in his eyes that dissipates when Kylo leans forward, gaze dropping down to Hux's mouth before he kisses him lightly on the lips. "Are you going to prove me wrong, General?" There are bracelets of bruises on Hux's arms and finger-shaped dots trailing down his chest and his sides; dark marks on his neck. He wonders if Hux's back is lined with welts from his nails. This is mine , he thinks, trying it out in the confines of his own mind, and there's a satisfaction that goes with it. Everything from the wet-slicked hair on his head to his soft, well-tended feet and the cock that rests between his legs, looking deceptively gentle since Kylo has seldom seen it when it isn't being put into immediate use. All the same it feels like a pity not to when it's right there. Hux's fingers grip his jaw and forces his head up to meet his eyes. "Stop that." "Why? You can look but I can't?" "Don't be crude about it. It's unbecoming." Hux's wrists are slender under Kylo's hands when he pins them to the edge of the tub and slides his legs over his lap to straddle him, skin smooth and slippery in the water. Kylo leans down over him, enjoying the way Hux's eyes dilate under his shadow and how he rises up to meet him. His mouth warm and wet and a little demanding. He moves slowly, grinding his ass over Hux's cock while it hardens, his face burning, but it's worth it to see the flush over Hux's cheeks and the way his eyes flutter closed and his lips part. He has to let got to steady the alpha's cock under him, Hux's free arm wrapping steadying around his waist as he starts sinking down on it. He braces himself for the sting, chewing on his lip as he slowly takes in more until he settles down flush on Hux's lap with a groan. He's enraptured by the look on Hux's face; the colour of his lashes, darkened by water but fluttering when Kylo slowly rolls his hips forward. "Do that again," Hux gasps. He coaxes Kylo's abused lip from his mouth with his thumb and Kylo presses his teeth down on the digit instead, traps it between his molars until Hux hisses and pulls it free, tapping his cheek one in warning. His hands settle on Kylo's hips, following their motion without making any effort to direct him. There's none of the urgency or ferocity from before and Kylo is satisfied just to watch him when he drops his head back against the wall with a groan. The beads of water clinging to the line of this throat drip down when he swallows, and he looks more relaxed than Kylo has ever seen him. Then Kylo looks up and remembers there's another presence in the room. "Hux, the droid." Hux's groan is the very definition of long-suffering. "Just ignore it." At Kylo's extended silence he gives up and turns as much as he can to address the bot. "Droid, dismissed." The droid stalwartly ignores the command, its innate programming to preserve human life overriding the direct command. "It thinks we're going to drown because the water is drugged," Kylo says. "The water is what? " Hux turns his accusing glare on Kylo whose hackles rise in response. "It wasn't my idea." "I never presume to make sense of anything you do," Hux spits at him, and Kylo would be more offended by the curl of his lip if he didn't find it so attractive. "Droid, come here." The droid rolls closer and Hux flips a panel open on its side and inserts his own override code. It powers down instantly; a lifeless husk hovering next to the tub not an arm's length from then. "That's not any better." "Shut up." Hux's fingers catch the hair at the base of his neck, pulling far too tightly on the tender skin there for comfort. He brings Kylo down to his level, flush against his shoulder while he thrusts up, forcing a startled groan out of Kylo with every snap of his hips. "You know you're mine already," Hux pants, and Kylo nods and sucks bruises into the soft skin under his jaw. It still feels like something is missing until Hux ducks down to his level and catches his gasping mouth. His tongue is rough, the inside oh his mouth soft, but it's his adulation that Kylo eats up with every press of his lips and wet swipe of his tongue. Hux's movements grow jerky and impatient, and Kylo braces one hand against the bottom of the tub to keep himself from falling and wraps the other tight around cock. It's good but so frustrating - sensation softened too much by the heat and the water when he wants it sharp and hard, but it's difficult to articulate when he's already half gone with pleasure. Hux seems to get it anyway and he comes with Hux's fingers digging into the cuts on his back, the heel of his hand pressing into bruises, and the other twined with Kylo's on his cock. Every shift and thrust of Hux's cock drawing out his pleasure and his hand squeezing out the last of his release. The sudden onset of endorphins leaves him light-headed even bore he feels Hux coming, his knot swelling up to its full extent and locking them together, pressing sweetly against the walls of his passage even as he feels Hux filling him up. The General's eyes are closed, his brow furrowed in exertion before the lines smooth out, and it's good, in some way that goes beyond sex or orgasms, just being close to him. Kylo wants to touch him everywhere , and he does, hands trailing over Hux's shoulders and chest while he trails kisses over the side of his mouth to his ear. Hux meanwhile seems less interested in kissing than slipping down the side of the tub and almost drowning himself. He grabs onto the sides and pulls himself up, shoving Kylo upright. "Are you trying to kill me? Lean back." Kylo pouts but does as he says, lets Hux guide him back so he's sitting in the cradle of his hips rather than on top of him. He knows his eyes are closed but he isn't aware that he's listing to the side before Hux catches him. "Are you even awake?" He hums and opens his mouth when Hux's fingers slip past hips lips, curling his tongue around his index finger and sucking lightly, just because he can. "Oh, now you're sweet," Hux grumbles, pressing down on his wriggling tongue. "Tongue out." Whatever he sees doesn't satisfy him because next he's prying at Kylo's eyelids and making a nuisance of himself. "Have you actually eaten anything today? You look even pastier than usual." "No." When would he have had the time? "Stop moving around! You're ruining my afterglow." "I am so sorry that you weigh a ton and I'm stuck under you," Hux grits out through clenched teeth. "This was a terrible idea, you're turning into a prune." Kylo is barely listening to him. He lays his head down on Hux's shoulder and despite his curved back it's comfortable enough while he watches Hux try to reach the back panel of the droid again. He eventually manages to re-activate it and it comes to with a querying noise, its domed head swivelling around to take in its surroundings. "Bring us something to eat." Now Kylo remembers it. Specifically he remembers it having a built-in heating storage while all the other droids were bringing him cold custard. He tries to remember if it drugged him last time. The droid beeps stubbornly at Hux who splutters. "Of all the fucking - alright, see? I'm draining the water , now get out of my sight." The droid rolls out of the refresher, finally , while the water around them gurgles down the drain. Under his head Hux's body heaves with short, aggravated breaths. "You're supposed to relax," Kylo tells him helpfully. Hux seems more likely to get violent. Kylo isn't opposed, but he's too tired to get worked up about it. He closes his eyes and rests until Hux gets the hint. It's not like he can go anywhere, anyway. They do fall asleep. Kylo wakes up with a start when the droid zaps them. Chapter 2 : Communication Notes: This is neither sane nor informed, but at least it's consensual. :| (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Things don't turn out the way Hux expects them to. First of all he hadn't expected Ren to actually run off and throw himself at someone else at the first chance he got. Hux's outrage still burns hot and resentful in the pit of his belly, hungry and unsated, because he can't think of anything that might satisfy it save from Ren's caved-in chest under his boot, and so he has to learn to live with it. He takes deep breaths. He pushes it down. They have an understanding now. It isn't a bond and it isn't the immaculate perfection of their previous arrangement, (which he looks back on wistfully, aside from the sex which is markedly better now,) and Hux isn't at all convinced that it isn't a weaker option than either of the other two. What really rankles is that he actually thought this would work. Jumped up on hormones (or drugged fucking bath water) it had all seemed so simple and reasonable, and he had somehow managed to forget that neither he nor Ren know the first thing about cultivating a relationship. They don't even like each other and have certainly never willingly sought out each other's company before. It isn't simple - it's anything but. They haven't so much as touched each other since those last few days of his rut. They didn't use to do so before, either, so he hadn't expected lust to be this much of a problem, but it is, and frustration builds up into something unbearable. It's an impotent, helpless feeling, and Hux doesn't like feeling helpless. Ren skulks around the ship in his usual manner, somehow more skittish than before but all the more aggravating for it; disappearing behind corners and slipping out of rooms just as Hux enters them, impregnable behind the cover of his mask and his robes, and Hux fantasizes about shoving that helmet through the wall, preferably with Ren's head still in it. Other times the knight lingers after staff meetings and debriefings, silent under his mask with the empty visor turned in Hux's direction while the other officers file out of the room, giving no indication whatsoever of what the fuck he wants while Hux obstinately refuses to give it to him regardless. And it's hard to say which one of them he's more annoyed with. (Ren. Ren, obviously , but he will consider himself a close second.) ------ It's been days, well over a week since they got back to the Finalizer and were last alone together in a room. And what finally prompts Ren to seek out his company is his requisition for a new command shuttle because he wrapped the last one around a planet. Ren tries to blame the pilot, and everyone else on board in succession, ("I was preoccupied at the moment!") but it's a moot point since the rest of the crew all perished, and are thus unavailable for Hux to take his aggression out on. "There are any number of shuttles available for you to choose from-" "I liked the old model." Of course he liked the old model; it was back and possibly the most needlessly dramatic shuttle in the entire fleet. Hux manfully doesn't throw his hands into the air but what really pisses him off is that Ren can probably tell that's what he wants to do. "Why don't we paint one black, that'll be far less costly than requisitioning another custom-made ship that you'll mindlessly squander on a whim." "This is not a matter of finances." Ren leans over the table, both hands flat against the surface, pressing down so hard Hux hears the leather squeaking over the tabletop. He stares Hux down through the faceless mask and the vocabulator crackles with every carefully enunciated word. It would be a fine display of intimidation if Hux wasn't already inured to it. "I am a commander of this ship. I am not your subordinate. You do not have the right to contradict me, General. I want it. You'll get if for me." "And yet you have to go through me." "Give me what I want. That's what you're here for." Hux really ought to give in. There's no reason not to, and if Snoke has to hear about shopping lists from Kylo, it won't turn out well for either one of them. These are all things that they have learned through trial and error. But Hux feels like he's being consumed from the inside by this senseless frustration, and the only thing that makes him feel even remotely better is making Ren suffer as much as he is. "No. Now, if you're quite done, I have a meeting in half an hour that I have to prepare for." He almost smiles at the distorted snarl that wrangles its way out through the mask before Ren's fingers are prying at the clasp under his chin and he's tossing the helmet aside. "You are being completely unreasonable." He's aggravated - eyes bright and hair tousled, and his forehead a little damp as if their argument has been physically taxing, but there's a calm to him that infuriates Hux, and not for the first time he feels like it's something Ren has stolen from him. Why else would he feel so out of control whenever the other man is around? He has never in his life had any problems working with Omegas before now, and it just goes to show that Kylo Ren would be the one to ruin his spotless record. And even now Hux is taken aback by the sight of Ren's naked face, almost obscene in how very unguarded it is, between his eyes and his mouth and the red in his cheeks, drawn out in anger - every emotion on display. "Am I?" Hux snarls. "How does it feel?" Anger flashes in Ren's eyes, but there's a softness to them that no amount of violence or evil posturing can erase completely, and Hux feels something in himself respond to it in a way that he desperately doesn't want to examine any closer. Ren yanks him forward by the lapels of his uniform and crushes their mouths together with enough force to bruise. Hux's lip gets pinched between their teeth, one brief second of pain that's lost in the pleasure that follows. There's no resistance in Ren when Hux grips him by the back of his head and pushes his tongue into his mouth. He kisses with tongue and teeth, chasing the helpless groans Ren makes whenever Hux is a little too rough with him. Ren rounds the table somehow without his mouth once leaving Hux's, and their hands are at each other immediately; pushing and tearing at clothes with little care for anything else. "This is not a good time for this," Hux grinds out when can tear his mouth free. "I don't care," Ren says, which is so typical of him he might as well have it tattooed on his forehead. Hux knows this is no way to conduct himself during an active shift, but there's little room for anything in his mind but the urge to strip Ren down to the skin, to the bone, if need be, until all of him is as bare before him as Hux feels. He gets Ren out of his robes and pushes him down over the desk with little care for what's already on it, and pulls his pants down over the swell of his ass. Ren moans when the waist catches on his already swollen cock, but he doesn't sound displeased at the rough treatment. "Fuck me," he pants, as if Hux isn't working up to that already. He's tight, after two weeks of abstinence and he isn't in his heat now, and makes a sound somewhere between distress and desperation when Hux forces two fingers inside of him. Tight but already getting wet, his walls fluttering and slick around Hux's fingers, gripping and opening like he can't make up his mind, and it's all Hux can do not to pull them out and just force himself inside right then. "What's this? You haven't been playing with yourself?" The sound of his own panting breaths is disconcertingly loud while he works his trousers open with his free hand and draws himself out. his cool fingers are a relief on his hot skin and he gives himself a few strokes even when he doesn't really need it. Ren shakes his head. "Why not?" He grunts with the annoyance of someone who doesn't want to tear their attention away from what they're doing, which is currently fucking himself back on Hux's fingers. And Hux stills as realization comes in a little trickle of satisfaction. "Because you want me to do it?" Ren doesn't answer him, but he doesn't need to; the lack of his masks shows exposes the flush that blooms over his cheeks and the way he bites his lip. And that's enough. Hux pulls out, grips Ren's hips with slippery fingers and presses him down against the edge of the table and guides himself inside in one smooth, slow slide. Ren cries out when he pushes through the tight ring of muscle, but he presses back into it, leaving both of them with little time to adjust, and struggling against Hux's grip on him. He's fussy and uncooperative and it brings Hux back to those first heats and what a nightmare it was to get him to keep still, only his own patience is so frayed now that he can't even remember what having any feels like. He grabs Ren by the back of his neck and presses him down, crowds him tighter against the edge of the table and as far into him as he can get until there isn't any room for him to move. "Palms on the table." Kylo obeys him; hands flat to the surface with his fingers splayed out prettily, and it would be so satisfying if the rest of him wasn't still squirming around. "Would you stop it ," Hux snarls, feels the encroaching tide of fury like flames licking up his body, his breath growing short and he's hyper-aware of the paperweight on his table and how nice the weight of it would feel in his hand. "I am disconcertingly close to hurting you right now." Kylo's breath hitches a little - a moment's laxness in his body before he starts up again, and Hux groans. He has the creeping suspicion that in his current state Ren might actually lie there and let him try kill him, and it disturbs him more than his own violent urges. They aren't good for each other. A good match is supposed to bring out the best in each partner, but whatever Ren provokes in him feels like the opposite. It's something bitter and hard-edged that wants to see blood well up under the cuts his nails make. And no matter how satisfying it feels, it's unproductive and wantonly destructive and its getting harder and harder to shove it back in its box. "That's what you want, isn't it? You want me to hurt you." Kylo moans, as if Hux doesn't already know, when he's begging for every time he opens his fucking mouth. Hux feels the familiar presence of him tugging at his mind, grasping and prying the same way his hands were a moment ago. "Get out of my head." "Let it out," Kylo says. He loses his breath when Hux snaps his hips into him and his groan trails off into a drawl. Infuriating. "You know you want to." It's in moment like this that Hux recognizes the madness of wanting to bond with this raging inferno of insanity, and there's no conceivable excuse he can give himself for why he wants it, other than that he does. Having Ren as an ally makes sense; he is the most powerful omega in the known galaxy, possibly barring Skywalker himself, but there's a mental aspect to the bond that should terrify him, especially with a force-sensitive mate. He pushes Ren's shirt further up his body, exposing the pale expanse of his back to his eyes. The marks Hux left there have faded. Even the lashes that broke the skin are nearly gone; shadows under new skin. There's no scarring at all, but Hux doesn't mind because it means he gets to start over. "We are not doing this again." Hux declares, as much for his own ears as Ren's. They're treating their relationship like a boiler neither one of them wants to keep an eye on, and apparently that's about as smart as the analogy would suggest. "Next time you ask me. Or I ask you." Ren makes a noise of agreement, lost somewhere between moans and bitten-off gasps as he shifts back into Hux's hips slamming into him, beyond the point of stringing words together. Hux sinks his teeth into the fleshy muscle under his ribs just to the side of his spine, and Ren cries out into the surface of the table, his back bucking up into Hux's grip. Hux sinks his teeth in harder and Ren's voice rises in a crescendo, his body helplessly squeezing down on Hux's cock like he doesn't have any control over it. Hux leaves three marks on him, one more between his shoulder blades and one on the side of his neck, glowing red and bearing clear imprints of his teeth. He takes Kylo's hair in his fist and looks at the bite on his neck while he fucks into him, harder and meaner than he usually does, picturing it hiding under Kylo's high collar for days before it will even start to pale; purple and black at first before it fades into yellow. Kylo comes and it takes Hux by surprise. He's still got both hands pressed against the desk and he hasn't even asked to touch himself, just shudders apart under him and whimpers, mouth open and wet where he's fucking drooling over Hux's polished desktop, his passage milking his cock, coaxing him into following him. Hux holds off out of sheer spite. His next thrust forward bangs Kylo's hips into the edge of the desk and Hux revels in the wince that flits across his face. "Terrible manners, what are we supposed to do about that?" His clothes are sticking to him uncomfortably, sweat coating his skin, a few strands of hair getting into his eyes having escaped the pomade, and it's really rather annoying, but the swollen base of his cock is already catching on Kylo's rim, and he could loose an arm right now and not particularly care about it until after he's had his release. Kylo's entire body is shivering with the aftershocks, overwhelmed and oversensitised, worse the longer Hux keeps going, but he's moaning like it's the best thing ever, and Hux can't take his eyes off him. There's water gathered in the dimple of Kylo's eye that spills over the bridge of his nose when he moves, and his hands leave imprints of condensation behind when he lifts them, just when Hux feels like praising him for being so good. Kylo reaches back and grabs at his hip, trying to pull him closer Hux laughs, sharp and breathless. "No. Do you think I have the time to be stuck to you for the next half hour? Some of us have work to do." Kylo is whining with every push and pull now, his inner walls fluttering sweetly around Hux's length, fingers clenching into fists and his lip caught between his teeth, but the heat he manages to put behind his glare is impressive. Hux shudders, so close he can feel it, and Kylo's eyes widen in alarm. "Hux," he pleads urgently, voice thick and gasping, and Hux wonders how close he actually comes to breaking him in that moment. He isn't sure whether it's weakness or generosity that makes him give in, or if he merely does it without thinking, pushes himself inside to the hilt, knot and all, and Ren's entire body goes lax with relief, except for where it locks tight around his knot, throbbing lightly while Hux spends himself inside of him. Hux whites out for a while, his weight bearing Kylo down into the desk until he finds his wits again and somehow figures out how to work his legs. He tugs Kylo up with him and takes a few unsteady steps and sinks back into his chair, one arm holding Ren's waist who settles back into him with a sigh. It's uncomfortable; he's still wearing most of his uniform and it feels sweaty and muggy, and he doesn't even want to think about the stains, or maybe he just can't be bothered caring about them. "I suppose you're happy now," Hux says, but there's no heat in it. Kylo turns around; just enough to put both of his arms around Hux's shoulders and hug him. He's really too big to be sitting in anyone's lap, let alone Hux's, but he doesn't let that stop him. He isn't even crying so Hux isn't sure why he's seeking comfort, but he's not going anywhere - he can't - until Kylo gets off him. "Hux," he says, "Hux, this is important." He sounds drunk, wavering as he tries to sit up straight and meet Hux's eyes. His pupils are so blown they look entirely black and they flit from feature to feature on Hux's face with the tenderness of a caress. "You need to hold me." Hux rolls his eyes. Hold me. "I am holding you." It's difficult to avoid. "No, not just now." Hux's legs are falling asleep, and everything around them smells like sex, and he will need to have another shower before he's fit to be seen by anyone, yet Ren has his undivided attention when he swallows and stumbles to get his point across in his clumsy, too-intimate way. He feels less like a person and more like something that belongs to Hux more than to himself, and its easy to indulge him in that moment. "You need to tell me, beforehand, if you- if you're not going to..." he inhales sharply at the end of the sentence and rests his head against Hux's in exhaustion. "Why?" Hux doesn't point out that he did say before they started that he didn't have time for this. "I just need to know." He says sullenly, and Hux miraculously reads the 'if you're going to leave' in his glare. " Oh," he says. That sounds like a perfectly reasonable biological response in retrospect. Now if he can only convince Ren to follow some kind of schedule rather than bursting in at any time of the day and demanding his attention. "And you need to start asking and stop pushing me . I can't read your mind." It feels more like a compromise than a concession on the knight's part, but he nods slowly, his skin warm and sweaty against Hux's forehead, and ugh. No. He rolls the chair closer to the desk and grabs his datapad. He surreptitiously reschedules his meeting - not actually that big of a deal when you're the commanding officer - and sends a requisition to engineering. "And order me that fucking ship." Ren says drowsily. "I just did, and don't swear, it's unseemly." Ren tilts back to give him a look that's more confused than indignant. "What? You do it all the time." "Does that bother you?" "No." "Then there was really no reason to bring it up, was there?" Kylo makes a noise of frustration but he's too tried to argue the point, which is what Hux is counting on anyway. Notes: Thank all of your for your patience while I took a month to get this chapter out. Comments are very much appreciated. This story often makes me doubt my own sanity so I like to hear what you guys think, or if you have any questions or concerns. Thank you for reading <3 Chapter 3 : Trust Notes: I've been more preoccupied with the BigBang than I had expected, but I'm definitively still working on this. Thank you all so much for all the kudos and the encouraging comments, they mean the world to me. <3 The relief Hux feels when Ren first puts his mouth on him is palpable. He's horrible at it. Ren doesn't know what the fuck he is doing, and Hux is reluctant to tell him because that's the part he enjoys the most. Ren hasn't said as much, but it's clear that this isn't something he's been practicing on that resistance pilot. Hux can tell. He really is that bad. But Kylo is determined to learn and he approaches sucking cock with a fervour Hux had previously assumed he reserved only for his mystical religious pursuits. So he lets Kylo slobber and choke and scrape his teeth over the sensitive skin of his dick until the knight finally gets enough of it after he chokes for the third time and nearly retches. Kylo fumbles for the hand resting on the top of his head until Hux looks down at him. He takes in the flushed cheeks and his tearing, red-rimmed eyes. The frustrated look on his face which wakes a little shiver of arousal in Hux's belly that has nothing to do with Kylo's mouth on him. "Let me in." "Shouldn't I be the one saying that?" Hux asks. Kylo stares at him mulishly. "It would be easier if I could hear what you're thinking." It's the first time he has asked Hux rather than just trampled inside and rifled through his thoughts at his own discretion, and it's curiosity as much as a desire to encourage good behaviour that makes Hux say, "alright". Sometimes Hux feels it when Ren reads him, sometimes he doesn't, but this time there's a distinctive presence, separate from him - an awareness brushing against his yet keeping at a distance, almost politely. Silent and attentive. Good boy , he thinks. He doesn't really mean anything by it, but Kylo's fingers clench around his. *** Kylo still tells him "no" when he asks, but he lets Hux touch him on the side of the neck where the mating mark would be, with fingers and mouth and even the scrape of his teeth, when so much as brush of a kiss in that vicinity had him jerking away before. If Hux had any reason to believe that Ren might keep up this infuriating rejection permanently, he might be more annoyed than he is. As it is, it's more of a probationary period, and it isn't completely disagreeable. Kylo gets better. Hux lets him practice as much as he wants. Sometimes he returns the favour; his fingers curled in silky heat, soaked with his wetness and Kylo's cock hot in his mouth, and while he doesn't take pleasure in the act the way Ren appears to, he can't think of anything he enjoys more than having Ren writhing under his touch - in his bed. Where he should be. *** "Hux," Kylo says. His volume is a mere fraction of what it was a few moments ago and Hux listens to him with half an ear while he unsuccessfully tries to work the taste of come out of his mouth. "Hux?" "What is it?" He cuts himself short just before a term of endearment can follow which leaves the sentence awkwardly open-ended, although in his post-orgasmic idiocy Kylo doesn't appear to take any notice. Ren's foot flexes against his shoulder when Hux withdraws his fingers, relishing in the soft clutch of Ren's body and the way he moans at the loss like he's reluctant to let go of him. In this regard only is Hux willing to admit that his relative inexperience with the delicate designation sometimes leaves him feeling bewildered and wrong-footed when it comes to this particular aspect of their relationship. He is aware that some alphas never have any problems in this area because they don't mind being buffeted about by their hormones on a general basis, but that kind of instinctual know-how has never come easily to him. When he could have been learning about the finer points of courting and reproductive psychology he was busy climbing the military ladder and making sure his competitors met with unfortunate accidents. It's a period of his life that he may look back on with mixed feelings but certainly not regret, and he can't imagine that any of the pretty, well-mannered omegas at the academy could have prepared him for Kylo Ren anyway. But looking at him now he thinks Kylo looks content - happy - and that satisfies some base directive in him, in return. And he still marvels that Ren is willing to bare himself so openly - that he's able to lie there and look happy without fearing rejection or ridicule in return, and when exactly did he stop expecting the knife in the back, because Hux isn't sure he's ready to give up on putting it there. In between heats Kylo smells more like Hux than himself now, with that sticky-sweet undercurrent he lends to it, and just being near him puts Hux at ease, so of course Kylo has to ruin it. "Do you want to put your tongue in me?" Kylo asks, in the same tone someone else might ask about the weather or the cantina menu. Even without the mask he can make his voice impressively flat when he wants to. It takes Hux a second to work out the practicalities of what he's asking for, and then his face instantly twists in disgust. "Absolutely not. That sounds utterly unhygienic." He can tell Kylo is amused by his (completely warranted!) squeamishness, which he supposes is preferable to insulted or enraged. Ren's face is carefully neutral when he speaks. "That resistance pilot didn't seem to mind." Every muscle in Hux's body freezes. The next thing he knows he has Ren knocked down on the bed with one hand clenched around his neck. "You'll want to think very carefully about what you say next." "You haven't done it before," Kylo realizes, eyes lighting up. He tries to sit up and only succeeds in strangling himself, and he settles back into the bedding, eyes bright with barely tempered excitement. It occurs to Hux that Ren might have developed some erroneous assessments about the extent of Hux's previous sexual experience. "I could show you. I won't even be mean about it, unlike some people." Hux's hand tightens fractionally, nails turning into the soft skin of Kylo's throat. "I liked it," he says now, soft and low and deliberately antagonizing. "Ren, what did we say about pushing?" Ren's mouth twists, but he looks genuinely contrite when he looks up through the thick fan of his lashes and mutters, "Sorry." The little shit. Hux grabs Ren by the crook of his leg and presses his knee into his shoulder, keeping him pinned and open under the weight of his body while he guides his cock into Ren's tight heat; soft and welcoming after his orgasm and the three fingers Hux had in him, and so hot around him it makes his breath catch. He braces his hand against the bed and starts fucking him with slow, even thrusts while Kylo's hands grab at him wherever they can reach, digging gouges into his skin, pulling him in. Kylo nuzzles against the knee tucked into his shoulder until he finds Hux's thumb and closes his mouth over it, and just the sight of it has Hux groaning, pressing the meat of his thumb against the flicker of Kylo's tongue. It feels like a thread of pleasure drawn between his thumb and his cock when Kylo sucks; the clench of his body and the wet heat of his mouth, and Hux has to lean in and catch Kylo's mouth in fear of coming too quickly - Kylo rising up to meet him with more fervour than Hux thinks he deserves. "What if it's a condition for your proposal?" Kylo asks when they part, panting slightly as Hux picks up the pace, clinging to a conversation Hux is more than ready to be done with. Hux huffs. "If that's your condition, I won't have you." ----- There is something to be said about being blown by someone who knows exactly what you want, when you want it, but in his heart Hux doesn't think anything will compare to the inexperience of those first precious, abysmal attempts. ----- He's sitting on the edge of the bed, feet on the floor with Kylo kneeling between his legs when it happens. Whether it's Ren who stays down too long of Hux who grips him in the throes of passion is anyone's guess, but even in that blissful half-moment of his climax, Hux can tell when it all goes horribly wrong. His body tenses - a jolt of bliss and the rush of release, and Ren tries to pull back and catch it in his mouth and ...can't. Then he starts panicking and Hux isn't sure he wouldn't be doing the same if he was capable of any kind of complex brain function at the moment. Something in the universe hates him, because while every nerve and cell in his body wants to lie flat on his back until the ceiling comes back into focus, he has to deal with this nonsense instead. Hux curses, grips hard at Kylo's head to keep him from pulling away because it's really too late for that. The sharp edge of his teeth biting into the sensitive skin behind the swell of the gland has Hux on edge, even while he's still shooting off down Kylo's throat, and Kylo isn't doing a very good job of not choking on his come. "Stop trying to breathe, just swallow," he says, putting the inflection of a command behind it. Ren whines, his large hands flexing on Hux's knees, but Hux is relieved to see this is one of the times when he follows direction, even when his face is going from red to white by the time Hux has spent himself, (and there's nothing he can do about that so there's no reason to feel bad about it). Then it's a struggle not to panic. He slips his fingers into Kylo's mouth, feels around for any sort of solution, and when one isn't forthcoming he wedges his thumb in between his teeth so he can't do anything crazy like bite down. "Do not bite down," he says. Ren's eyes flick up to his. Won't. The reply in his mind is instantaneous but lacking any of the finesse or strength of Ren's usual communication, and Hux is painfully aware of the fact that he doesn't really have any alternative solution, either. He still says, "I'll fix this, give me a second," and the easy acceptance in Kylo's eyes makes him feel worse, because he has no idea how to, really. Panicking won't help the matter, so he keeps the litany of fuckfuckfuck to himself and hopes Kylo isn't listening in. "Try to sit up and keep your throat straight," he suggests, mind working in overtime trying to put together basic knowledge of the human respiratory system and his own experience in oral sex to come up with what might be the best position to breathe in. Shadows start forming around Kylo's eyes and his mouth, and on his colourless complexion they're tinted blue by the time they find a position that works and Hux has gone down enough for Kylo to manage that first, thin sip of air through his nose. Not good, but it is oxygen, and Hux lets the fear that he was holding at bay run off him in relief. "Slow breaths. You're doing fine." Kylo's entire body struggles to take in enough oxygen to fill up his lungs but the death-like blue tint is fading from his face and the weight of his body lessens when he slowly sits up, coughing and sniffling and rubbing the wetness out of his eyes with the heel of his palm, and it's ridiculous . Dislocate my jaw if I pass out. That's a horrifying thought, but not the first one Hux has. "Are you that fond of my knot?" Now that the immediate threat has passed Ren glares at him, just for a second before embarrassment gets the better of him and he looks away. His nose is pressed flush against the ruddy curls of Hux's groin and his mouth warm and gentle on his cock, and suffocating or not, he looks good there. Hux pets him for a while, transfixed and unwilling to look away; runs his knuckles over Kylo's cheek and thumbs at the corner of his mouth where it's stretched taut, saliva trickling out. It's so wet - wetter than when they're three days into his heat and Hux has already fucked him full before going in for a second round. Kylo is making frustrated, whining noises in his throat and Hux can feel the sound vibrating around his length which is even worse than listening to it. He isn't doing either of them any favours by looking so he drops back down on the bed and stares up at the ceiling, laying one arm over his sweating forehead. Of all the stupid times and places he has tied Ren, this one will be hard to beat. "Why do we keep doing this?" he asks the room at large, because there has to be some fucking reason. Kylo, predictably, doesn't answer. There's only the soft click of his throat and the subsequent pressure when he swallows, the lazy, involuntary flicker of his tongue, and Hux waits to hear the next thin inhalation before he stops worrying. He isn't sure how Snoke would arrange his demise for suffocating the apple of his eye on his cock, but it can't be more mortifying that the actual reality of it. Something about the absurdity of the situation gets to him; the humiliated flush over Ren's cheeks which Hux can recall vividly even though he isn't actually looking at him right now; the gentle way Ren is cradling his cock - like he's actually willing to suffocate himself on it rather than so much as scrape it with his teeth in accident, and the continuous whinging which hits Hux somewhere between nails on a chalkboard and music to his ears. The alarmed noise Kylo makes when he realizes Hux is actually getting hard again jerks Hux out of his reverie. Ren's teeth clench, just a little, and he pinches the inside of Hux's thigh in a purely vindictive gesture. "Ow, fuck ! Stop that," Hux hisses. "Stop sounding like you want to get fucked and that won't happen," he snaps at Ren who can't do anything but blink at him angrily. Hux tries not to think about the warm grip around his cock, but the more Kylo fights it, the more his throat constricts, and it's having the absolute opposite of the desired effect. Hux reaches for the side of the bed but he can't really move without Ren's cooperation and his fingers fall far short of the bedside table. "Data pad," he says, flushing at how breathy his voice sounds. "Get it for me." Kylo makes a sound like he's trying to speak and instantly chokes. Hux grips his head just enough to guide him back into a better position, ignoring the way his fingers quiver over the distended line of Kylo's throat. "Don't move, you idiot ," he hisses. "You're going to pass out. Deep breath." The shuddering breath Kylo takes isn't deep by any stretch of the imagination, throat fluttering around Hux's length to sip what little air he can, but it's something. If he starts crying and clogs up his nose with snot they'll really be in trouble. Or if he passes out. Or throws up. And even if Hux occasionally wants to knock some sense into him, he'd rather not kill him. He listens for a few more breaths, Kylo's chest struggling to expand, but he calms down, tilting back into the right angle which, while it doesn't look comfortable, at least works. "Get the data pad," Hux tells him again. He nods at the bedside table and in a moment it's flung at him with a bit more force than Hux personally thinks was called for. He lies back down and turns it on. He instantly rejects his own work folders or anything he might associate with this in the future, and settles on shipping logs. Enough to hold his interest but not anyone's idea of stimulating by any means. He keeps an ear out for Kylo's breathing but otherwise resolutely ignores everything that goes on below his navel. About a quarter of an hour later Kylo finally detaches with a slurping sound - obscenely loud in the loaded silence. He slumps against the foot of the bed, too exhausted even gasp for breath. He's still unsteady on his feet when he finally stands up and starts stumbling around the room for his discarded clothes, looking every bit like the mess he is. "Do you need anything?" Hux asks, fully prepared to deal with explosive anger or explosive melancholy, or anything else in Ren's limited but volatile spectrum of coping methods. "No." he says, face as red as Hux's feels, and he slips the mask over his head and flees the scene without another word. Hux drops back on the bed and rubs his hands over his face roughly. Then he picks up the data pad. He makes sure Ren's tracker is heading towards his rooms and not any unsuspecting staff or machinery and sends the domestic droid to Ren's quarters see to him. Series this work belongs to:  Previous Work Part 2 of the Love the One You're With series