The Phonecall The morning sun spread across bedsheets. A man with stark black wavy hair pulled away at the sun, it’s too warm for comfort. He shuffled off the bedding to cool his skin. His long face began to relax again, he exhaled and started to drift back to sleep. The bed dipped next to him, a giggly voice and a pair of lips met his. A woman with fiery red locks straddled him. Out of pure frustration, the man’s hands covered his face, he dragged his fingers down his cheeks with a groan. “You left last night, we agreed you’d go home.” His voice was deep with a bit of annoyance. “I changed my mind, I decided you should have me in the morning.” Her hands explored his naked chest. He immediately shoved her hands away. *Ring Ring* they looked to his cellphone. Without a second thought he reached over and answered. “Hello?” he said into the receiver then held his phone away “Will you get off of me already?” he snapped at the red head. She sighed and got off of him. He pressed the phone to his ear again. “Hello, is this Ben Solo?” a young woman’s voice asked over the phone, she had and English accent. He was immediately annoyed that anyone would call him that name. “This is him.” “I’m sorry to bring you this news…your father passed away early this morning.” He sat up quickly, it made him light headed. What does he say? He hasn’t seen or heard from his father in over two years. An instant heaviness struck in his throat and chest. He had to make sure this wasn’t some joke. “Who is this?” his tone was stern. “I should have said earlier. My name is Rey, your father has been seeing my mother for some time now.” The woman admitted. “Seeing?” “Dating, well they were engaged, I’m sure he told you?” “I wouldn’t know.” He bitterly told her. It’s true, he wouldn’t know. They never recovered from their last fight, it was definitely something he didn’t want to talk about right now. “Oh…well-he’s still at his estate. I found your number in his desk, I know you weren’t close- “Don’t talk about my relationship with him, that’s between him and me.” “Look, I just figured it was right to call you,” She defended rather quickly “If you’re coming it would be important to know, the funeral needs to be arranged and my mother wants to meet you.” “I will fly out before the end of the day.” He hung up. He dropped his phone on the nearest nightstand, it bounced and fell to the floor, Ren simply didn’t care enough to pick it up. His “friend” covered herself in his bed sheets and watched him as he left the bed and into his closet across the way. “What’s wrong baby? Ren?” she asked in a whiny tone. He emerged from the closet wearing dark blue jeans and a shirt in hand. “You need to leave.” He told her. “But baby.” “I’m not your “baby”. I asked you to leave last night and you’re still her. Frankly I’m tired of you, I’ve been tired of you for the past couple of weeks. Get the fuck out of my house already.” She threw the sheets off of herself angrily. She went around the room picking up her clothes strewn across the floor. In a small fit, she picked up one of his shoes and made a throw at him. It narrowly missed his head. “You’re a selfish child!” She yelled and stomped out of the room. “And leave your fucking key!” he called after her. He pulled the shirt over his head, a grey V neck. He left the room briefly to see if the red head had actually left, and left for good. She in fact carved her name in the front door. It took him a brief while to find the key, she tossed it in the fish tank that was built into the wall. It divided the kitchen from the hallway entrance. The door being destroyed didn’t faze him, it’s worth very little money to replace. Across from the tank was a closet where coats were kept, and also luggage. He dragged two suitcases from it and brought them into his room. As he packed he called the first airline on his mind. “I need a first class ticket from Los Angeles California to Portland Maine. I need to fly out today.” “And what day would you be flying out sir?” “I just told you I needed to fly out today.” He bit. “My apologies sir, I will search for a flight right now.” She assured him. After a few moments of typing over the phone, he managed to throw a couple pairs of slacks in a suitcase “Hello sir?” she came back on the phone. “Yes?” “The only first class seats I can get today is a flight departing in two hours to Denver, there will be a three hour layover there. Then a flight to Portland Maine will leave that airport and you’ll arrive by seven this evening.” “I’ll take it.” Chapter 2 : Arrived Summary: "It's so much darker when a light goes out than it would have been if it had never shone." - John Steinbeck Notes: I hope you enjoy even though it's just begun. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “I will fly out before the end of the day.” The son said and hung up before Rey could get another word in. Well then. Wasn’t he pleasant? Rey immediately took the dwelling thought back, he just found out his father passed. It’s obvious he wouldn’t be able to take it well, she shouldn’t expect him to be pleasant she thought. Rey sighed and stuffed her phone in her back pocket. She was in the middle of brewing a pot of coffee for her mother and paramedics, she reached in the white paneled glass cabinet above her head for mugs. The pastel hues of the mugs brightened the dark granite countertop, she set them in a line to pour. Some coffee dumped on the counter, it really wasn’t a concern to clean it up right away. The kitchen was a mess, or what was left of it. A majority of it was torn out because it was literally in the middle of being remodeled. Dust everywhere, large orange buckets filled with supplies for tiling, plastic sheeting his the mess from the dining room. Essentially it was a gaping empty room with one small section of counter space installed along the right wall. The white paneled glass cabinets were just installed days ago. They had a stove, it was at the center of the mess. No sink yet, just a hole for its designated spot next to the coffee maker. As for the fridge, it was moved to the garage for easy access. Han had a door installed in the kitchen, otherwise they would have to go out the double porch doors in the dining area and across the lawn to get to the garage. Rey set all the mugs on a tray to bring out to the dining room. The voices behind the plastic curtain were murmured, Rey shuffled in the room. The static cling from the plastic pulled on her backside, she kicked it away with her foot. Her mother sat at the tall table with her face in her hands, she still wore her nightgown, a loose coiled braid wrapped around her head. A police chief sat at her mother’s side taking down notes, paramedics hovered around the room. His freckled face was intent on listening to her mother. Rey noticed the sun from the morning faded away, a storm was brewing behind the porch doors. “Miss Organa, is there anything else you’d like us to do today?” the officer asked. Her mother shook her head in her hands. Rey brought the tray to the table, she set her hand on her mother’s shoulder. Her mother looked up at her, it looked as if she had lost her entire world. She was beginning to crack. “I’m taking her to nap, she’s done with questions for now. Help yourselves to the coffee.” Rey shuffled her mother from the tall chair. Rey guided her out of the dining room and to the sun room attached to the side of the house. It was the cheeriest room in the house despite the dark growing clouds in the distance. Rey laid her mother down on the parlor couch that sat in the center of the view and covered her with a knitted blanket. Her mother said nothing and pulled the blanket over her face. Rey returned to the dining room, the officer was waiting for her statement. She tried to answer as many questions as she could and she was doing well until a paramedic came in and informed them that they would be moving Han’s body. That’s when Rey broke down. He had done so much for her and her mother Leia. What was going to happen to them? The officer didn’t stay too much longer after that, he didn’t want to stress them any further. The paramedics made sure the morgue would properly take care of Han. Rey will have to call after the reading of the will to discuss his arrangements. Or rather by then she hopes Han’s son will step in. Speaking of Han’s son, does someone need to pick Ben up from the airport? He didn’t specify, he just said he’d be flying out before the day was over. It was really vague. Rey decided that she’d let him call if he needed anything. He’s a grown adult after all. With the dishwasher not being installed quite yet, Rey had to take the used mugs out to the sink in the garage. She was quick to clean up, a nap did sound nice and she was eager to start one. Even though it was barely noon now it was gravely need. Leia found Han just before four in the morning, they’ve been up ever since. Plus part of her liked the feeling of problems fleeting away in sleep. Of course she checked on her mother before she decided to ultimately go up to her room and lay down. *DING DONG* Rey stirred on top of her bed sheets. *DING DONG* She lifted her head. Someone’s at the door. Rey jumped from her bed and made her way out of her room, down the hall, and down the main staircase. She looked at the time as she passed the clock on the mantle above the fireplace in the parlor room. It was only one thirty in the afternoon, so it definitely wasn’t Han’s son. Rey managed to open the door just before the ringer was stepping away, she was greeted by pale skin and bright orange hair. The neighbor. “Hux.” Rey called him. “I hope everyone is all right, I don’t mean to be nosey, but I saw a lot of commotion over here earlier.” He kindly sifted. Hux was a kind man, awkward if you didn’t know him. Very formal to say the least, it intimidated a lot of people. “Oh…well-it’s Han.” “Is he alright?” Rey began to shake her head. It suddenly occurred to her that she had no idea where her mother was, she last left her in the sun room. It’s a room much closer to the front door, where her mother would have answered the door first. “Would you like to come in for a moment, I need to find my mother. Just for a moment? Then we’ll talk?” Rey pressed. Hux could read the slight panic in her voice, he nodded and stepped through the doorway, Rey closed the door behind him. She assured him she’d be right back, he told her he wouldn’t move from his spot. The sun room was the first room to check, Leia wasn’t there. Next was the kitchen, the dining room, and basically all around downstairs. Rey ascended the stairs and stopped halfway, was that running water she could hear? The pipes to the master bathroom lined the staircase wall, surely it was coming from them. Rey scampered up the rest of the steps and whipped around the banister, she let herself in the master bedroom. Loud humming echoed in the master bathroom along with the shower running. Her mother was alright, just cleaning herself up a bit. Hux was waiting patiently for Rey in the mudroom entryway downstairs. It would be a lie if Hux told you he wasn’t interested in Rey. He hid it as best he could, but there are times where Rey wondered. Leia caught on the day Hux came over to meet Rey for the first time, she isn’t one to hang over Rey’s dating life either though. Rey returned to the mudroom entryway “I found her, she’s upstairs.” She declared. “Rey, what’s going on?” “It’s Han...he passed away...in his sleep this morning.” Rey’s voice shook. Hux certainly didn’t expect that, he only figured someone might have fallen or encountered a lesser injury. He could clearly tell Rey was upset, he tried to find words of comfort. “Oh...I’m terribly sorry Rey,” he tried his best to sound sincere, what else could he say? A long silence passed over them until Hux decided to speak up again “Do you need anything? Does your mother need anything?” “I’m not sure what we need, I really don’t. He’s just gone, he’s only been gone more than a handful of hours and I’m still not sure it just happened.” “Is your mother alright?” Rey shook her head “I don’t think it’s hit her quite yet. She hasn’t cried, or at least not in front of me.” Small tears began to well in her eyes, the thought of her mother in pain struck her deep. Rey wiped at them with her hands. Hux didn’t know whether to hold her, offer assistance, or keep trying to talk to her. He decided to offer something, it was small, but welcome. “Rey, have you eaten today?” He asked. “Oh, you don’t need to- “Have you eaten today?” Rey shook her head. “How about I fix a nice meal for you and your mother both? Can’t go the whole day without at least a little something to get by.” Hux offered. “I am a bit hungry.” Rey admitted, she gave him a slight smile. Hux asked if she had anything in mind, when she couldn’t come up with something he told her he’d surprise them. Rey thanked him profusely and kissed his cheek. He didn’t want her to see his reddening face, he was sure to leave quickly and begin cooking. Rey closed the door as he strode across the lawn. “Did you call Ben?” Leia’s voice came from behind, it startled Rey a bit. She turned, her mother was in her bathrobe with a towel wrapped around her head. “What?” “Ben, Han’s son. You called him?” “I did.” “Is he coming?” “He said he’d be here a soon as he could, he was going to catch a plane before the end of the day.” Rey paraphrased. Leia’s face lit up a little. “Good. It’s about time we meet his boy.” Leia trailed, her eyes wandered around the room. Before Rey’s eyes, her mother broke down. She tried to hide her crying face in her hands, Rey was at her side instantly and embracing her. “He’s gone. He’s gone. He’s gone Rey, he’s gone.” Her mother sobbed against her chest. Seeing her like this, it couldn’t be helped, Rey crumbled too. They both ended up sitting on the entryway floor, some minutes passed, they continued on with their tears. The day was already long, it needed to come to an end. It was nightfall now. Ren waited for his luggage in the baggage claim area of the small airport, he was growing increasingly irritated. As if being delayed two hours and shuffled into coach wasn’t enough, an older woman’s perfume bottle shattered against his suitcase in flight. It left a mind-numbingly sweet smell in his nose and mouth. It was migraine worthy. He managed to get a shuttle car with ease. Ren considered renting a car, but he knew his father had a rather extensive car collection to pick from at the estate. It would be a twenty minute ride from the airport, out of boredom he remembered to turn on his phone. It seemed he had missed a call, it was the same number that called earlier in the morning. Instead of calling to notify that he landed and was on his way, he opened his email. Word got out and his inbox was filled with unsympathetic sympathetic messages. He simply threw them away, he wasn’t about to sink down to the level with so many people that hated him and only pretended to be sincere for business purposes. Fifty deleted emails later, the car slowed. He looked up from his phone. The shuttle car turned into the paved driveway, not much could be seen of the lawn or the house since it was nighttime. The car pulled up to the house and came to a stop. Ren paid the driver and got out, he grabbed his suitcase from the trunk. The headlights illuminated Ren’s back, he made his was towards the front door. Motion lights flicked on. A wreath hung down over the wooded door, it was a circular bundle of pastel eggs. A wicker bunny sat on the white porch swing to the left, it stared Ren down with its button eyes. Ren sighed and set his thumb over the doorbell. A few moments passed, the porch light above the door came on. The locks came undone, the door swung open. Ren knew he was tall, but the woman who answered the door was like a mouse compared to him. Freckles graced her cheeks, her hair was dark sandy brown and pulled back in a messy bun, small ringlets of hair curled down her ears. Her eyes were soft on him, he found it difficult to introduce himself with her eyes on him. “You’re Ben?” she asked. He immediately knew who she was now that she spoke. Her name was Rey. She told him this morning. Notes: There will be more to come! I hope to update at least once a week, sometimes twice a week! Chapter 3 Summary: Ren meets Leia and Rey. We dabble a little into what Rey does in her work life. The man standing at the doorstep towered well over Rey. His long face complimented a large nose, black waves feathered around his ears. A few moles rested on his cheeks, his brows furrowed slightly. He was strangely attractive to her. “You’re Ben?” Rey asked, of course it had to be him. He looked so much like Han, he had his nose. “Ren. Changed it some time ago.” His voice was thick from exhaustion, Rey thought it sounded much deeper in person rather than over the phone. “Well, come in then Ren. Shouldn’t keep you waiting.” Rey stepped to the side, Ren brought himself through the doorway along with his suitcase. He let his eyes wander the mudroom, it looked much different from the last time he saw it. Rey shut and locked the door. A strong sweet smell hit her, like vanilla and sickeningly bad brown sugar. Leia came around the corner, she spotted the tall figure that just arrived. Without warning she came at him with an arms embrace. “You must be Ben. Oh god you look so much like him,” Her voice cracked “I’m Leia, your father’s fiancé.” Ren’s arms were at his sides, he wasn’t really up to hugging this woman he just met. He didn’t even know her name, he barely found out she existed just this morning. Not to mention this woman had an American accent apart from Rey’s English accent that was throwing him for a loop. Leia was overwhelmed at the site of the man trapped in her arms, the tears began to sputter from her face. Rey could see the discomfort in Ren’s expression. “Ok, that’s enough now. Ren’s tired now.” Rey tugged at her mother freeing Ren. “It’s Ben honey not Ren.” Leia tried to correct her. “It was Ben, it’s Ren now.” Ren corrected quickly. Hux emerged from around the corner, he never left after he brought the food over earlier. He wanted to comfort the women in their time of need, he also wanted to see Ben for himself after so many years. “Ah Ben, I hope your trek home wasn’t too difficult?” Hux was late on the memo. He was also spiteful with his first words towards Ben, they had a small rivalry since they were teens. “My name is Ren.” Ren nearly snapped, if he raised his voice any higher it definitely would have been construed as snapping. A small wave of silence passed over them. “I think it’s time for some coffee.” Rey injected and shooed away her mother and Hux to the living room. She wanted to apologize for their invasive behavior, she could tell Ren was less than thrilled. Though in the back of her mind she wished he wasn’t such a stickler about his name right off the bat. There were a lot of emotions to sift through for everyone in the room, no wonder it came out slightly unsettling. “A lot of things have changed around here, I’ll have to show you the guest room.” “Guest room?” “Yes-well I mean you’re not technically a guest, but your old room is mine right now. There’s lots of remodeling being done all over the house.” Ren said nothing in reply, he only followed Rey through the house and up the steps to get upstairs. The guest room happened to be across from Rey’s, technically Ren’s old room. She switched on the light, Ren peeked in. The bed was queen sized pushed against the wall directly across from them, with a white wicker headboard, the bedding was white as well. The walls had been painted pastel yellow only days ago, you could smell it, and the pictures that once hung on the walls were leaning against the mirrored closet doors. The end tables on the sides of the bed matched the wicker headboard, as did the chest of drawers across from the bed. It was also the only bedroom in the house with no windows. Rey strode into the room and opened the closet. “You can put your suitcase here, but on the other side of the closet are the decorations for the room. Haven’t had the time to really re-decorate.” Rey pushed some of the trinkets further to the side. She turned out of the closet, Ren was actually standing right behind her looking over her shoulder, the top of her head nearly bumped his chin. Rey was suddenly aware of his height, it was almost intimidating with him looming over her. “Do you need anything? Coffee?” her eyes glanced over his, their dark color only intimidated her more. “Tylenol…or Advil…some woman’s perfume spilled all over my suitcase, it’s giving me a migraine.” That’s what that sweet smell is. She wasn’t sure it was him, it followed only because his suitcase did. He wouldn’t have been the type to wear a scent like that she thought. Maybe a heavy dark cologne. “Sure, I’ll be right back.” Rey replied. She made her way out of the room and across the hall to the bathroom in her room, well Ren’s old room. It had a medicine cabinet well stocked full of Rey’s toiletries. She opened the mirrored white cabinet above the porcelain sink and scanned for painkillers. She spotted the bottle of Tylenol and grabbed it from the cabinet. A Dixie cup dispenser sat on the bathroom counter next to her small collection of lotions, Rey took a cup and filled it with water. She returned to the guest room with the goods in hand. Rey stood in the doorway watching Ren search around the room. With his back towards her, he focused intently on a framed photo of her mother and Han smiling on the beach, it sat on the left nightstand. The photo discouraged him, he flipped the frame over against the table top. “I got you some Tylenol.” Rey cleared her throat before stepping into the room and set the pill bottle with the Dixie cup on the chest of drawers. A thank you would have been nice, but after a few moments Rey realized she wasn’t going to get one. “What do you like for breakfast?” she asked trying to diffuse some of the awkwardness. “I don’t eat breakfast.” Ren sat on the bed, he switched on the lamp sitting on the table closest to him. “Well, I guess I should let you get some sleep.” Leaving him alone would be best, no use in pushing him emotionally after having just arrived. Rey returned downstairs, Hux sat with Leia in the main living room. Hux looked a little on edge, he wouldn’t sit all the way back on the brown leather couch. Leia sat in the matching loveseat with a coffee mug in hand. The TV was on above the white mantle fireplace, the volume was so low it might as well have been on mute. “Is he comfortable with the room?” Leia asked, spotting Rey walking through the room. Rey went to the bay window across the way to close the blinds. “I think so…he didn’t really say though. I left him alone, he said he didn’t feel well.” She replied. Rey took her spot on the couch tucking her feet beneath her. “Do you know what I just remembered?!” Leia blurted. “What?” Hux and Rey replied in unison. “The shop Rey, you didn’t have any orders did you?” Rey’s face fell. Her flower shop, catering funerals, weddings, and holidays all around. She had opened it just last year with the help of Han’s money. It was the only thing she ever ask from him, to have her own flower shop. She sifted through the possible orders that might have needed to be picked up. A particular client came to mind, a Mrs. Ritter was supposed to pick up corsages for a wedding taking place tomorrow. “I need to go,” Rey sat up quickly “I’ll be back as soon as possible.” Just like that Rey was making a break for the garage, she removed a light jacket from the coat rack in the mud room and took a heavy set of keys from a hook on the wall. She was out the front door and around the side of the house to the garage. She typed in the four digit code on a keypad that mounted the left lip of the garage door. The mechanical metal doors creaked as the lifted to open. Rey’s little white Kia Soul sat waiting for her. She unlocked the car with a resounding beep and flash of the headlight, opened the door and sat. After she buckled herself she backed out of the garage, she reached above her head pressing a button on her visor. The garage door closed. Rey wished she had remembered Mrs. Ritter’s number, she was a regular after all. Now she’s driving all the way to the shop to look up the number in her computer and hope she answers her phone after nine. Hopefully Mrs. Ritter will be the understanding type. Rey also figured while she was there that she’d post a sign stating that the shop would be closed for at least a week. It was a short ten minute drive through town, not much was going on after nine on a Tuesday night. Rey drove down the main street slowing down at Third Street. Her shop sat on the corner amongst other brick buildings. A hand carved painted sign hung over the corner reading “Petals & Such”. Rey parked conveniently up front, she didn’t need to feed the meter after six either. After waiting for a car to pass, she got out and locked the door with her keys and sprinted towards the shop door. She really wanted to make it quick. Her shop bell rung as she unlocked and opened the door. Once inside she switched on the three switches nearest the door, sections of the store lit up with each switch. The ceiling was high, and there was a loft above the entire first floor. It had no walls, only black railing and a black spiral staircase leading up to it. It was Rey’s personal office you could say complete with a desk and chair along with her computer. The walls were lined with the original brick from the building, it was nearly painted over but Rey decided to keep it. The lower level had a front counter with a glass refrigerated display case attached to its right side. Bouquets, corsages, and lone flowers filled the display. Order charts and a cordless phone sat on top of the counter. Just behind the counter was a long white curtain that stretched wall to wall across the space, hiding the back area from customers. The many refrigerators and work benches to set up floral arrangements lay behind it. Rey walked around the counter and knelt down, it was where she kept the safe for the store. She dialed the code on its keypad, it unlatched and opened. Inside was a cash box for money and checks and an iPad. Instead of having a clunky register, the iPad proved to be more useful with a simple card reader attached. After checking the safe she closed it and stepped behind the curtains. Along the back wall were the refrigerators for the flowers, a long metal table was at the center with bins full of pruning materials, ribbons, and pins. At the left corner was the spiral staircase to the loft above, Rey scaled the steps. She strode to a simple white desk with a laptop and cordless phone sitting on top. Rey sat in the wheeled chair opening the laptop, she was able to access Mrs. Ritter’s phone number in her customer listings and dialed. It rang about three times “Hello?” a woman’s voice answered the phone. “Mrs. Ritter, this is Rey from Petals & Such.” “I must have called your store half a dozen times! I was supposed to pick up my order today and you were CLOSED. Now you call me this late?!” the anger grew as she rambled on. “I’m sorry but something came up, a family emergency.” “Emergency?” “My stepfather died this morning. I completely forgot about the shop.” Rey told her. It was just easier to call Han her stepfather. “Oh, I’m sorry to hear that.” Mrs. Ritter was immediately apologetic. “Your order is ready though, I can bring the corsages to the wedding venue tomorrow if you’d like?” Rey suggested. “You don’t need to do that, your hands are full. I can pick them up.” They agreed that Mrs. Ritter would swing by the estate tomorrow, it happened to be on the way to the wedding venue. Rey was quick to leave. This long terrible day needed to end. The house was dark and quiet by the time she got home. Hux had left, Leia had gone to the master bedroom. Rey was about to go into the room and check on her, but the light was out. Her mother needed her sleep now more than anything. Rey turned down the hallway to get to her own room. The light was on in the guest bedroom, it peeked beneath the door. Ren was still up. Rey sighed and went to her room, she lit the lamp on her nightstand and closed her door. After she stripped down and got into something more comfortable, she turned out the lamp and crawled into bed. “Rey.” Leia’s voice danced. Rey stirred in her sheets and sprawled out on her stomach burying her face in the pillow. “Rey wake up.” Leia set her hand on Rey’s back. Rey woke and turned her head, meeting her mother’s eyes sleepily. “Han’s lawyer is downstairs, she’s here to read his will.” Chapter 4 : The Reading Summary: “Letting go gives us freedom, and freedom is the only condition for happiness. If, in our heart, we still cling to anything - anger, anxiety, or possessions - we cannot be free.” - Hanh Nhat Thich Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Just what are you supposed to wear during a will reading? Is it formal because it’s a legal matter? Or do you dress casually since it’s being held amongst family? Rey really didn’t know, she didn’t have much time to deliberate since the lawyer was supposedly already waiting downstairs. Leia told her just to meet in the dining room soon and left her to dress. All Rey did was brush out her hair and throw it in a bun, slip on some dark denim jeans and a powder blue t-shirt. She wondered if Ren needed to be woken up, her mother most likely already took the liberty of doing that though. Rey fixed her lopsided bun as she left her room taking a quick peek in the open guest room door. He was nowhere to be seen, the bed was made but his suitcase sat on top of the comforter. Rey proceeded to head down the steps, skipping a few here and there. Rey could hear voices coming from the kitchen area. She realized everyone was meeting in the dining room when she found the kitchen empty, she walked behind the plastic curtain dividing the rooms. Leia sat at the tall table with her back to Rey, Ren sat just across from her. A woman with curly black hair stood in a business suit at the left end of the table. She had a satchel sitting on the chair in front of her. Rey approached and pulled out the chair next to her mothers, she sat down burling her feet on a support bar for the chair. “Hello, I’m Han’s lawyer. Matilda Freix.” The woman reached her hand across the table, Rey shook it briefly before returning her hands in her lap. Rey glanced and Ren across from her. He was freshly showered, she could smell the soap on him. His hair had more volume on account of being clean and he wore a green long sleeve v neck. There was something casually handsome about him, Rey thought. He took a sip of coffee from the mug in front of him. Leia was dressed to take on the day sporting a white vest and white pants. A long sleeve floral shirt covered her arms. Her hair was done up in a braid that coiled around her head. Matilda cleared her throat. “We’ll be reading this will in Articles, first one is Funeral Expenses & Payment of Debt, next is Money & Personal Property, down the list to Real Estate, Residuary Clause, Taxes, and finally Fiduciaries. You will all sign witness to the document. You three are the only persons requested in the document.” Matilda took a handful of pens from her satchel pocket and laid them out on the table. Then she unzipped the main compartment of the satchel pulling out a blue folder, she opened it and took a stapled document. “This is currently the most recent will, dated October 18th, 2015. There were wills before this, they no longer hold legal ground. Shall we begin?” Matilda raised. The all nodded in unison. Leia’s hand came to rest on Rey’s knee for comfort. “I, Han Solo currently residing at my estate 1643 Primrose Lane, Portland, Maine, declare this to be my will. Any and all wills before this are expelled. Article One: Funeral Expenses & Payment of Debt. I wish to be cremated at any funeral home of your choosing. The funeral home, arrangements, and things of the like will be paid up front upon receipt along with costs of medical bills should be paid upon receipt from a savings fund linked with Leia Organa. There are no other debts to be paid otherwise. As for my remains, I don’t want to sit in an ern. I’d like my son, Ben Solo to decide what is to be done with my remains. If I am to survive him, the role will be passed down to Leia Organa, if I am to survive her as well it will be left to Rey Organa. Article Two: Money & Personal Property. All my funds and personal property will be left to my beloved Leia Organa.” The room somehow got a lot quieter. Rey looked to her mother and then to Ren. Their faces were stricken with mutual shock. “If I survive Leia, my funds and personal property shall go to Rey Organa. If I happen to survive her as well, it will fall to my son, Ben Solo.” Ren cleared his throat, Rey’s eyes darted around the room for an escape. Did Han really just basically exclude his son from this? And Rey comes before his own son? Leia’s grip tightened over Rey’s knee. “Article Three: Real Estate. I give- “Maybe we should continue this another time.” Leia interrupted. “I think we should continue on.” Ren bit quickly. Matilda paused a moment before looking to the three of them, searching for a nod or at least some sort of sign to continue on. “Go on.” Rey shriveled. “Article Three: Real Estate. I give my entire estate to Leia Organa. Again, if she were to pass before me, it will go to her daughter Rey Organa, and so on to Ben Solo if I too survive her.” In that instant, Ren stood up from his seat. His face said it all, it was growing incredibly red. “BULLSHIT!” he cursed. “Calm yourself!” Leia scolded. Ren slammed his hands on the table and leaned close. Rey was already up out of her seat coming around the table on his right side. “It’s bullshit and you know it, I’m his son, you’re his- “Ok time to go outside.” Rey interrupted tugging hard on his sleeve. Luckily the patio doors were just several feet away, she managed to drag him outside swiftly. Ren tore his arm away, Rey shut the double doors behind themselves as he angrily trudged across the deck. “You need to watch yourself!” Rey erupted at him. “You don’t UNDERSTAND!” he snapped back. “I DO UNDERSTAND. You’re upset. I get it. But you will NOT talk to MY mother that way. She’s done NOTHING to you.” “Who are you people that you matter so much more to him than his OWN SON?” “From what I understand is that you two grew apart, that’s on you. Not my mother and I.” That statement sent him reeling, so much so that he could nearly laugh. Ren moved passed her to the patio doors, she followed his small tirade back inside to the table where a weary Leia was being comforted by Han’s lawyer. He spotted the document on the end of the table and took a pen that sat near in his right hand. “I bear witness to this horribly fucked up document.” Ren spoke with the most intense sarcastic tone he could muster along with a cheeky smile. He signed his name before the lawyer could protest and stormed out of the dining room. He disappeared behind the plastic sheeting, all that could be heard was the door to the garage slam. Not moments later the revving of an engine sprang to life just beyond that door. “What does he think he’s doing?” Rey inserted. “I gave him the keys to his father’s Ford Falcon this morning…” Leia admitted. Rey was about to go out there, her mother grabbed her arm with an outstretched hand. “Just let him go. He’ll come back.” Notes: Sorry it's short. It was a scene that needed it's own chapter. Chapter 5 : Get Together Summary: Sorry for the late posting! The reading of the rest of the will went without interruption with Ren gone. He’d have to come back at some point, Rey considered calling him and demanding that he’d bring the car back. It wasn’t his after all. Leia insisted that he’d have to come back, his belongings remained at the house. She also highly doubted he would skip out on his fathers funeral no matter how angry he was. Or at least she hoped. Rey fears Ren might cause a scene if he decides to come back today. With the friends and family they invited for a remembrance event it surely would be a show. It was nearing the time everyone was invited to come. Rey’s phone rang constantly with everyone asking her what they should bring. Let’s just say there’s going to be a lot of casseroles and pies to eat. With the kitchen basically destroyed the event would have to be held in the living room and sun room. Leia offered to help as she watched Rey unfold tables and drag chairs around the house. “Do you think I should make something?” Leia asked as they unfolded a pink table cloth together. “No, everyone should be making food for you, not the other way around.” Rey replied. “I hope Poe doesn’t bring that god awful tuna casserole.” Rey laughed a little, Leia smiled. “Finn can take it home, he’s the only one that will eat it.” Rey laughed. “I think he’s pretending to like it.” Leia smoothed over the table cloth on the card table they just unfolded. “They’re dating, of course he’s pretending.” “Remember that night Han decided to use the grill out back? Hasn’t touched it in three years and brings those fifty dollar steaks home to basically over cook them. It was like eating a shoe.” They both laughed, it was much needed. Instead of dwelling in sadness they both spouted off the random funny things Han did. After sharing a few more stories Rey went upstairs to get showered and dressed, she wanted to look a little bit nicer rather than be in some jeans and a t-shirt. Her shower was longer than what she usually go for. Just standing there for longer moments and using up every scenty soap she could find and use, it was the type of mood to be in, it could only relax her. She even took the time to shave, a thing she’d been putting to the side for a handful of days. Once she was thoroughly clean she pulled up her hair in a nicer fitting bun. Rey wasn’t one to really wear much make up, only mascara. With a towel wrapped around her body she strode across her room to the closet in white wardrobe in the left corner. She sifted through a few outfits settling on a blue sun dress, it almost looked like a light denim material. It ruffled down the neck area in a v shape, a thick white belt wrapped around the waist. The doorbell rang signifying the first guests to arrive. Rey trotted to the front door mud room. When she opened the door she was greeted by the warm faces of her favorite couple. Poe and Finn. “Hey you two.” Rey couldn’t help but smile at them, she was happy to see them in this time of sorrow. Finn was first to embrace her in a heavy hug. Poe stood off to the side with a glass baking dish. They both dressed in button ups, smelling like the same cologne. “So sorry Rey.” Finn mused as he held her. Rey could only nod as he let her go moving through the door way. Poe was making his way towards her, she stood on her toes kissing his cheek. “I brought you the famous tuna noodle casserole to lift your spirits.” He smiled. “Come here the both of you.” Leia came through the mudroom dragging Finn by the sleeve. She held both their faces to get a good look at them. Rey took the casserole dish from Poe as they both embraced her. Leia muttered things about Han to them with light tears as they both held her, Rey made her way to the living room where the longest table was. She set the casserole right in the center. The doorbell rang in the distance again, soon the mudroom was filled with even more voices. Rey peeled back the foil of the casserole dish, she made a face at the smell of the casserole rising. “There she is.” A familiar voice came behind Rey, she turned to see her Uncle Luke standing there in a tan suit. He had a heavy grey beard since the last she saw of him, he wore a glove over his wooden hand. He had lost it some time ago in accident. Rey smiled lightly and hugged him. He swayed with her in his arms. “You’re taking such good care of your mother through this, without you she wouldn’t even be having this get together.” He told her. “It’s only been a day really, I feel like it’s not enough.” Rey bit back small tears. “It’s plenty.” He pulled away from her holding her shoulders “She told me about Han’s son.” “Yeah…him.” Rey scratched her head. “Rey honey,” Leia came into the living room “There’s a woman here, Mrs. Ritter?” “Oh, she’s here for her flowers.” Rey skipped out of the living room following her mother. They passed Poe and Finn as they wandered their way into the living room. Mrs. Ritter was waiting patiently outside on the front porch swing. She was an older woman with badly dyed red hair, she wore a peach suit and matching hat. “Hello Mrs. Ritter.” Rey greeted her walking out onto the porch. “Hello Rey, you have a lovely home here.” “Thank you.” Leia and Rey said in unison. “I have your flowers in my fridge, if you’d like to follow me I can help you take them out to your car.” Mrs. Ritter agreed. Leia lead the way, or rather got out of the way. Rey lead Mrs. Ritter through the mudroom and living room where Finn, Poe, and Uncle Luke conversed. Mrs. Ritter suddenly made a beeline for them. Poe and Finn’s eyes widened. “Mrs. Ritter!” Poe smiled at her. “You know each other?” Rey chimed in. “Of course we do, I’m planning their wedding.” Mrs. Ritter confessed. Silence fell over all of them. “You two are finally getting married?” Leia blurted. “Yes we are.” Finn looked to Poe, the smiled at one another. “Well damn when were you going to tell us?” “We couldn’t really tell you here, thought it would be best to wait.” Poe admitted. “Honestly boys, we need happy news like yours on days like this.” Leia was sure to pull the both of them in a hug. Rey guided Mrs. Ritter to the garage where the fridge was for the time being with the remodel and all. Mrs. Ritter stood off to the side as Rey rummaged through the fridge for the flowers. An empty spot amongst the six car garage where Han’s Ford Falcon sat teased Rey a little. “He better bring that damn car back.” Rey muttered to herself. Rey had stacked to donut looking boxes of assorted corsages on top of each other. Rey held them out to her and turned back into the fridge for the bride’s bouquet. It was made up of white and yellow lilies, Rey had dyed some white roses a pale baby blue as well and bundled them together. The handle they sat in was of something of her own design. She fabricated hundreds of small cone like cups to hold the flowers, she could decorate them according to the theme of the wedding. This one was under the sea themed, she managed to adorn the handle with thousands of seashells. “Isn’t that gorgeous!” Mrs. Ritter beamed, Rey held up the bouquet for her to see. “I think we better get these out to your car.” Mrs. Ritter lead the way to her car parked out in front of the house, Rey made sure to open the garage door. They could walk directly from there. Mrs. Ritter drove a little maroon ford focus with four doors, she parked it behind Finn’s white mustang. Rey held the flowers in her arms as Mrs. Ritter unlocked her car, they set the flowers on the floor in the backseat. Minutes later Rey found herself waving Mrs. Ritter’s car goodbye, she stood in the driveway making sure she left safely. Two red headed figures came into view and the end of the way, right away Rey knew the taller one was Hux but the other red headed figure was much smaller, she wasn’t sure who it could be. Then she remembered Hux mentioning he had a little brother, she just couldn’t remember how much younger. She waited for them to stroll down the driveway to her, she noticed the small one couldn’t be more than nine or ten when they were both close enough. He held a pan covered in tin foil. “This must be your brother.” Rey noted. Hux smiled with a nod and placed his hand over the boys shoulder. “Dillon this is my friend Rey.” He introduced his brother. He was cute, a miniature version of his bigger brother. Hux dressed him in a button up and khaki colored pants, while Hux himself wore something akin to a form fitting suit without a tie. Dillon shriveled into his brother trying to hide behind his leg. “We brought you something.” Hux spoke. Rey knelt down to the boys level, Dillon tried to muster a smile while holding out the foil covered pan to her. She took the pan from his little hands. “Thank you,” Rey smiled “Dillon do you like racecars?” she asked. He looked up at his big brother, Hux nodded in Rey’s direction. The little boys face flushed when he looked at Rey, it was no secret he was incredibly shy. “I do.” He answered in a mousy voice. “Do you know who Poe Dameron is?” she asked. Dillon’s face lit up like a Christmas tree, he nodded “Well, guess who’s inside visiting my house right now?” Just when Rey thought his face couldn’t get any brighter…it was like looking at the sun. “Let’s get inside and meet that racecar driver?” Rey suggested. Dillion practically skipped ahead of them whe Rey lead them through the garage. Hux took the pan from Rey, he held the door open for the three of them, and just before Rey followed Dillon through the door Hux grabbed Rey’s hand in his. “I hope you don’t mind me bringing him.” Hux expressed, he feared he might be over stepping his boundaries. He wish he asked first. “I don’t mind at all, I like kids.” “Ok.” Hux smiled with a bit of relief. Everyone that was there was gathered in the living room. Hux went along to set the pan in his hand on the table next to the only other dish, Poe’s infamous tuna noodle casserole. A piece had been taken out of it, Luke stood with a plate in hand with the taken piece. So far he only took one bite. “I brought champagne from the cupboard, we’re going to toast Finn and Poe’s engagement.” Leia was quick to tell Rey with a bottle in hand, she noticed the little boy now holding Rey’s hand. “This is Dillon, Hux’s little brother.” Rey clarified. Leia simply smiled at the boy. They all gathered around the table in the living room. Rey helped pour champagne into multiple glasses and passed them around. Everyone settled in a circle, Dillon clung to his brothers leg looking up at the much taller adults. “To Finn and Poe’s engagement!” Rey raised her glass. Everyone met her glass in the middle and took a sip of the champagne. Rey scrunched her nose at the taste, she wasn’t much of a fan. “Everyone this is our neighbor Hux, with his brother Dillon.” Leia patted his back. “Dillon like racecars.” Rey mentioned to Poe with a slight wink. Luke greeted Hux with a firm handshake, the same with Finn. Poe was busy kneeling down to Dillon’s level. The doorbell rang, more and more guests continued to arrive. They brought casseroles, pies, cakes, and sweets. Some brought flowers too. The house had nearly fifty people within its walls over the past two hours. Han hardly had much for family show, they’d most likely be there for the funeral, it was mostly just family friends. Sometime later Rey found herself sipping a small glass of wine on the couch in the living room, Hux sat next to her and Dillon next to him. Dillon had a plate over flowing with sweets like cookies and cake. There were a few random carrots, no doubt his brother told him he could have all that sugar if he had something healthy on his plate. Finn sat on the other side of Rey, they were all listening intently to Luke on the story of when he first met Han. It was a comical story, it should be shared. “Out of glasses? I’ll get some more in the garage.” Leia spouted some distance away. “I’ll get glasses!” Rey called out. Without being asked she was already on her feet making her way to the garage. A box of wine glasses sat on top of the fridge in the garage, she had to get a milk crate to stand on to reach them. As she stepped down from the crate she noticed a car driving up the drive way. It was a yellow cab, Rey stopped in her tracks to have a look. The driver stopped just in front of the garage and waved Rey down. “I don’t think anyone called a cab.” Rey approached with the box of glasses. The cabbie was bald had a long grey beard, it reminded her of Santa Clause, he also wore sporty looking sunglasses. “Oh no, I’m dropping someone off. He needs help out of the back seat.” He told her with a gritty voice. She glanced in the back seat, to her surprise she saw a mess of black waves hunched over with his head pressed against the back of the cabbie’s seat. Ren. Rey groaned outwardly and returned her attention to the cabbie. “Did he pay?” she asked. “Up front yeah.” He confirmed. Rey sighed and set the box of glasses on the ground behind her. She opened the back door where Ren sat. “Alright time to get out.” She told him. He didn’t move. “Is he intoxicated?” Rey asked. “I believe so.” “Ren, get out of the car. Save yourself from further embarrassment and get out of the car.” She returned her attention to Ren. He turned his head to look at her, he looked as if he hated her. She really didn’t care, she looked passed him and told him to get out of the car again. He finally shifted from sitting and started to climb out of the car. Rey urged him forward putting her hand against his back, she shut the car door. “Thank you for driving him.” She told the cabbie. He nodded and shifted out of gear to back out of the drive way. Rey could smell the alcohol rolling off of Ren as she followed him with her hand on his back. “Unbelievable.” She snorted. “I’m not drunk.” He defended. “Like hell you are, where’s your fathers car?” she asked. “At the bar.” He slurred. “Which bar?” “The one I left.” Rey rolled her eyes and pressed on. Thankfully a majority of the guests were in the living room and sun room, they managed to avoid everyone all together as they ascended the staircase. She was quick to shove him in the guest room closing the door behind herself. “Drunk at three in the afternoon?!” She railed. “I told you, I’m not drunk.” Ren defended in a slur. “I can smell it, you called a cab, don’t lie.” Ren stumbled to his bed forgetting he was wearing shoes and crawled in it anyhow. He looked up at the ceiling trying to stop the spinning in his head. “Where’s the car?” Rey asked again. Ren shrugged, Rey let out another sigh. “Relax, I’ll get it tomorrow.” “NO. We’ll get it tonight after you’ve sobered up. We’re going to have a talk on the way there.” “Are you my mother now?” “I wouldn’t have to be if you weren’t acting like such a child.” “Well I’m glad you’re SO perfect.” Rey decided to leave the room before she could really snap at him, although she did slam the door on her way out. She grumbled all the way back down the stairs and returned to the gathering as if nothing had happened. Chapter 6 : Late Night Out It was a little after eleven when Rey decided it was time to go get Han’s car. She headed for the guest bedroom with a glass of water in hand, she opened the door making her way through the darkness of the room. The lamp at the bedside was easy to switch on, all she had to do was touch the cool metal at the base, a touch lamp. The light illuminated the area with a yellow haze. “Wake up Ren.” Rey’s voice loomed above Ren, his face buried in the pillows of the guest bed. He wasn’t asleep, he didn’t stir at her voice, though he heard it. Pretending to sleep was his attempt to get her to go away and leave him be. Unfortunately for him, Rey was just as stubborn as he was. She half considered dumping the glass of water on him. “Get up Ren. We need to go get your father's car.” she raised her voice sternly. There was no way her could play it off as if he didn’t hear her this time. Without a thought he pushed himself up from the mattress with his arms, Rey backed away so he could sit up and crawl from the bed. Right away Ren found a glass being shoved into his hands, he looked at it briefly before Rey nodded at him to drink it. He lifted the glass to his lips, after a few sips they turned into deep gulps. The entire glass was empty when he gave it back to her. “We have to go get it tonight?” He asked. Rey shot him a look that wasn’t all too pleased. “My mother, whom is asleep in the next room over thinks you’re still missing and even wanted to go out looking for you. Believe it or not after your little escapade today she worries about you. We’re getting the car now.” There really wasn’t much Ren could say to argue against that he silently agreed by following her out of the guest room with a jacket slouched over his shoulder. Ren was a bit tall for Rey’s little Kia Soul. The top of his head touched the ceiling as he sat in the passenger's seat. Rey focused on the road, she wasn’t going to be the one to strike up a conversation with Ren at this moment. The air was just too awkward for it. Rey also didn’t expect any sort of apology from him either, he’s hardly so much as thanked anyone for anything the whole time he’s been there. She figured he just wasn’t one for that, she even thought he might not be aware of it. It could be just escaping his mind. However, the growing questions they had for one another bloomed in their minds. Ren was genuinely curious about Rey’s accent, she could have been adopted, maybe Leia moved to the UK for a brief period of time, had Rey and they both came back to the states? He didn’t know. Rey herself wanted to get a better understanding of what it is that he does at all. She hardly knew a thing about him, Han wasn’t one to spill everything there is to know about his son. All she knew was that he was some sort of entrepreneur living in Los Angeles. “Where is it that you’re from exactly?” Ren broke the awkward air. He no longer cared that Rey was frustrated with him. It was a harmless question to ask anyhow or at least he thought so. “London. My mother adopted me some years ago. A few years before she met Han actually.” She clarified. “I see, that makes sense now.” “And you? You were born in Maine right?” Rey took this as an opportunity to be somewhat civil with him, every interaction they’ve nearly had so far has been negative. “I was actually born in Wisconsin. My dad took me back to Maine where he originally came from after my mom left us to start a new life in Las Vegas.” “I’m sorry….you must miss her...” she tried her best to be sympathetic, it was a hard statement to respond to. Sorry just doesn’t cut it but it was that could really be said. “I’m not. I can’t miss someone I never met.” “Oh…” Luckily they were pulling into town, Rey didn’t have to create a response to the heightened awkward conversation. “Where are we heading?” Rey asked. “Down Main Street, I parked it on front of some sort of flower shop on the corner of Third.” “Petals & Such?” “Yes that’s the one I think.” He wasn’t sure, he tried to recollect the sign that hung over the corner. “That’s my shop.” Rey smiled. “You’re a florist?” Ren furrowed his brows. Rey nodded as the approached the corner of Third and Main. Just as Ren thought, his father’s car sat perched on the corner in front of Petals & Such. The light mint colored paint stood out under the copper hued street light above it. Rey slowed her car next to the drivers side for Ren. Out of pure habit she glance at her shop beyond Han’s car. Something was…off, or rather on. Some of the lights in the shop were on, lights she either turned off or never turned on to begin with. “Hold on.” She said as Ren reached for the door handle to get out. Rey quickly whipped her car around the corner and parked hastily next to the other side of the shop, the curb was painted yellow, she really wasn’t supposed to park there but she didn’t seem to care at that moment. She quickly got out of her car leaving her door open as she sprinted the few yards to the shops front door. Ren rolled down the passenger window “What are you doing?” he called after her, as soon as he said that her shoes shuffled through glass. The glass pane that once was part of her shops front door was shattered. Someone’s broken in. Thinking the perpetrators might still be inside she backed away to go back to her car. Ren look irritated as ever furrowing his forehead farther than before, he was waiting for Rey to answer him. “Call the police.” Rey ordered. “What?” “CALL the police! Someone broke in!” she sprinted around to her drivers door, Ren scrambled with her phone that sat in the cup holder. Rey ripped it from his hands and dialed 911, she put the receiver to her ear. Meanwhile Ren patted himself down, he didn’t really know where his phone was, he certainly didn’t remember seeing it recently at all. “911 what’s you emergency?” a man asked over the receiver. “Yes uh someone broke into my shop, they might still be inside.” Her voice shook a little. “Where are you maim?” “Petals & Such, it’s downtown on the corner of Third and Main.” “Are you alone? Are you a safe distance?” the dispatcher asked. “I’m here with…” she looked to Ren “…a friend, we’re in my car next to the shop.” “What I need from you and your friend maim is to park across the street, a squad car is on its way.” “Thank you.” Rey hung up. She did as they said and moved her car across the street. “The police are coming?” Ren asked. “They’re on their way now, I DON’T need this, not now!” she groaned slamming her hands against the steering wheel. They both watched the front door of the shop, what if they came out? Would they be stupid enough to go through the front door? It didn’t take long, the sound of sirens echoed off the buildings around them. Flashes of red trailed up Main in the distance. “LOOK!” Ren pointed across Rey’s line of vision. A figure dressed in all black emerged from the shop door, they broke into an instant run hearing and seeing the sirens just three blocks away. They noticed Ren and Rey watching wide eyed across the street from Rey’s car, he came running at them now to the passenger side waving a gun in their hand. “THE WINDOW!” Rey frantically panicked. Ren quickly rolled up his window before the thug threw themselves against it. They tried to open the door, Rey had locked it long before that. They pointed their gun directly Ren. “GIVE ME THE CAR!” a man demanded through his black ski mask, his voice was both muffled by the mask and glass between them. Rey gripped Ren’s arm resting on the center console. Ren shook his head at the thug, the thug decided to run around the other side of the car to Rey. “GET OUT OF THE CAR BITCH!” he pointed the gun directly at her, she only froze, Ren wrapped his arms around her and practically pulled her into his lap. Suddenly the robber was thrown into the driver side door, the window shattered. An officer was wrestling the thug to the ground, other officers ran around to the passenger door to help Ren and Rey. An officer pulled Rey from Ren’s lap, another pulled at Ren’s jacket to get them to safety. They were both dragged across the street, they watched two officers wrangle the thug from the ground and into cuffs. Rey held onto the cop that had a hold on her for dear life, Ren was much taller than the officer that had him, he could see everything over his shoulder. “Are you two alright?” the officer that had Ren asked. Ren nodded, Rey verbally answered with a shaky yes. The officers that had their criminal in hands removed the ski mask. A homely looking bald man was underneath, he screamed and cussed his heart out towards the officers as they pushed him toward the nearest squad car. They managed to wrangle him in the back seat of the squad car practically slamming the door in his face. It took them a few minutes to calm Rey and Ren down, they assured them they were safe half a dozen times. “Are you the woman who called?” the officer inquired. Rey nodded. “Given the situation, we’ll need to take both of you down to the station for questioning.” Ren outwardly groaned in his throat. “Another squad car is on its way to take care of your shop...Rey is it? The name on the building space.” “Yes I’m Rey.” She confirmed. “And where is Mr. Han Solo tonight? He’s on the lease as well.” “He passed…days ago…” she trailed. “I see, I’m sorry for your loss,” The officer looked to Ren “And your name?” “Ren Solo.” Ren answered. “Solo? I assume you’re related- “To Han, yes, he was my dad.” “I see…” the officer went on again. Ren and Rey found themselves taking a ride together in the back of a police car. Their night turned morning by the time they reached the police station to be questioned. The officers were equally as tired trying to make the process go as fast as possible so they could go home as soon as possible. Since Rey’s car was damaged technically at the hands of the police it was impounded with the promise of it being fixed. After everything was said and done the police escorted the both of them back to Rey’s shop. The officers that were there had since been done doing their investigating. They boarded up the entrance door window and crossed of the entrance with yellow crime scene tape. Lucky for Rey the thief didn’t crack her safe, instead the store was completely destroyed. It took everything in her not to crumble right there, everything that was glass inside was no broken. Her desk was tossed over and laptop ripped in two. It was nearly three in the morning, she just didn’t have the energy to cry about it. “I’ll drive.” Ren insisted. Rey didn’t argue and went to the passenger’s side of Han’s mint green Ford Falcon on her own. Ren searched for the keys in his pockets, he unlocked the car, opened the door and climbed in the drivers seat. He leaned across and unlocked the passenger door for Rey. She opened the door and climbed in right away, she sat on something in the seat and fished around under herself pulling out an iPhone. “There it is.” Ren took it from her and started the car. Rey was out like a light before they reached the outskirts of town. It was a quiet ride back for Ren, while he kept his eyes on the road he did manage to steal a few glances and Rey sleeping soundly in the seat next to him. "You’re not so bad when you’re not at my throat." he thought to himself. Chapter 7 : Funeral Summary: "Life is for the living. Death is for the dead. Let life be like music. And death a note unsaid." - Langston Hughes Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It’s the funeral today. The air of the morning was particularly heavy...everyone knew. Rey was unusually sluggish, but she knew to be up early to coax her mother out of bed. Neither of them able to eat, they decided to skip breakfast, it was nearing noon now. Making a pot of coffee was a mistake too, they just sat at the kitchen table with the mugs in their hands. Neither of them took a single sip. It was just warming their fingers. “I spent some time with Ren last night.” Rey mused. “He came home?” “Well...he had some car trouble so I drove into town to get him.” Rey admitted. “Oh.” “He parked it in front of my shop ironically enough, but something happened…” “What? What happened?” “The shop was getting robbed, we called the police-” she was cut short by her mother. “Oh my God Rey, why didn’t you call me? Wake me?” Leia was frantic in her interruption. “I didn’t want to stress you out. We are fine, my car is in the shop- “What the hell happened to your car?” “The window was shattered...when the police tackled the robber. He wanted my car.” Leia looked over her daughter for a long moment, she was thankful Rey was ok. She wouldn't be able to handle something happening to her now, not after Han’s passing. Leia pulled her in a tight hug, Rey’s chair tipped towards her. “I just love you so much.” Leia sighed. “I love you.” Rey returned. Leia pulled away and caressed Rey’s cheek. Their moment was interrupted by feet treading into the kitchen. Ren was up skulking around, he was already dressed for the funeral. Black dress pants and a black button up. “Hello Ren.” Leia greeted, she was doing her best not to use Ben. “Morning.” Ren replied, there was a tiredness behind his voice. “Coffee is made, Rey and I decided to skip breakfast. But if you’re hungry there’s plenty of food in the fridge.” Leia offered. Ren hardly responded, his attention was on the coffee out brewing in the island counter. A mug was already set out for him to use. He curtly took it and poured himself a bit of coffee and directly avoided the sugar and creamer sitting there. Rey furrowed her brow, he takes it with no sugar or cream? Ren walked through the rubble of their half renovated kitchen and took a seat directly across from Rey. “Poe called, he was wondering if we’d like to go out to an early dinner afterwards.” Rey explained. “I think that’d be nice. We’ll have to call Hux though, he’s carpooling with us. He might want to go home afterward,” Leia expressed and looked to Ren “Would you like to go to dinner too?” she asked of him. “Couldn’t hurt.” He responded. “Then you’ll ride with us.” Leia smiled. It wasn’t too long after that when Rey decided to give Hux a call. She asked him if he’d like to join them for dinner, he agreed, he had nothing to do afterwards. He also figured it was best they have company. Rey hung up the phone directly afterwards. “He’s coming to dinner with us.” She told them. Ren tightened his jaw and let out a hefty breath through his nose. He wasn’t very good about hiding his reactions to the people he disliked. It left Rey wondering how he and Hux interacted before she and Leia entered their lives. They were close in age, grew up right next door to each other. Maybe some teenaged rivalry from years ago? Rey figured it would be best to ask Hux those questions rather than Ren. Leia and rey left the table to get ready for the day. It didn’t take them too long, they had a schedule to follow. The funeral starts at 1:30. Hux promptly showed wearing an outfit similar to Ren’s just as the ladies finished with the last detailing’s of their makeup. Ren wasn’t all too thrilled to answer the door and let him in. They never shared a word as they waited in the mudroom for Rey and Leia. Their awkwardness was diffused when the ladies came around the corner with small purses in tow. Rey wore a simple black dress and black heels, Leia wore a black pantsuit. Hux and Ren shuffled outside. “What about Uncle Luke? Does he need a ride?” Rey asked as they all walked to Leia’s Jaguar parked in the driveway. “He has a rental, he insists on using it.” Leia rolled her eyes “I even told him he could stay with us, he already booked a non-refundable room.” Leia offered, more like ordered Ren to sit up front with Rey. Ren and Hux both were slightly thankful they didn’t have to sit next to one another. It would be a longer ride to the funeral service, it wasn’t exactly in town. Leia picked a venue on the outskirts on the other side of town, an old white church that sat near a beach. “So Hux? Your brother is so much younger than you…” Leia tried to start up a conversation. “He was quite the surprise, I was almost graduated. Now they have at least another ten years before they have their house to themselves.” “So…they don’t live next door or?” Ren was confused, he grew up with Hux next door. Did his parents move and he just stayed? “They wanted to sell the house and move into a smaller one, so I bought it from them.” Hux clarified. “I see.” They didn’t talk much after that until they arrived at the church. At least fifty cars took up the parking lot, Poe and Finn had been there a majority of the morning setting up for the funeral as a favor to Leia and Rey. Normally Rey would have a hand but they insisted they would make the arrangements to save her from grief. Everyone gathered outside the church where Hux also went to wait while the other three went inside to find Poe and Finn. They found the couple chatting with the priest near the podium that was covered in white roses, they gained ground down the center aisle of all the pews. Leia slowed at the sight of Han’s ern sitting on a pedestal on the stage to the right. A picture of Han was propped against it. A matching vase drooped with multiple white flowers of all sorts on the pedestal. Rey linked arms with her to urge her further on. Finn happened to look over his shoulder, a comforting smile came over him, he tapped on Poe’s shoulder. Poe came down from the podium with the priest. “You’re so good to us Poe.” Leia opened her arms for a hug. “I’m happy to help you, anything for you.” He smiled and embraced her and Rey. “Flowers arrangements for your wedding are on me.” Rey told him. “What for? You paid for everything here, Finn and I only set it up.” “Take it, she’ll do it anyways.” Leia scolded with a smile. Finn stood off to the side, he and Ren nodded at one another. Leia stepped to the side and introduced Poe and Finn to him. Poe and Ren had met before, when Han endorsed Poe for racing some years ago. Even though Han’s company name had since left the decals of Poe’s car, he still raced with a passion. “Well, it’s nearly 1:30, are you ready?” Poe asked of them. They all nodded. “I’ll go find Uncle Luke ok?” Rey told her mother, she nodded in response. She left out through the front doors of the church, she informed everyone it was time to go inside. Instead of looking through the crowd of a hundred plus people, she waited off to the side on the steps as everyone filed in. She found Hux first, he waited with her. He was most comfortable with since she was basically the only one he knew. Some hugged Rey, others put a hand on her when they passed. They spotted Luke at the tail end of the crowd, he came at her with a heavy hug. They went ahead of Hux into the church while he gladly closed the doors after everyone filed in. Leia sat on the end of the pew closest to the aisle up front, Ren left a sizable gap for Rey and Luke to sit. Luke sat next to his sister while Rey sat between her uncle and Ren. Hux had no choice but to sit on the tail end next to Finn. He didn’t mind, as long as he didn’t have to sit next to Ren. Poe took the seat next to Ren himself. All the muttering voices quieted when the priest emerged in a new change of clothes, black robes with gold sashes, he came from the curtain on the stage. He carried a heavy bound version of the bible in his hands. Neither of Han’s most loved ones were incredibly religious, but it was a nice notion. He set the heavy book on the pedestal. “There is something to be said for all of you here today…you collectively loved the handsome Han Solo.” The priest began lightly, he was trying to uplift the mood. Poe was sure to set up the service in a way that would make it go by as fast and painlessly as possible. He picked the scriptures to be read, only three, they were short in length but sweet nonetheless. The portion came where the priest asked if anyone would like to speak. This type of thing could last long, it would be the most grueling part of the funeral for everyone, and the most emotional. Leia shook, she was trying to garner the will to go up and talk. Luke calmed her by wrapping his arm around her. Rey turned her head and looked directly at Ren. “Would you like to speak?” she whispered. “No.” he whispered in reply, Poe leaned out to look at Rey. She nodded at him to give him the go while she returned to comforting Leia. Poe took to the stage adjusting his suit jacket. The mic squealed when he stepped close to the podium, he promptly adjusted it. “Hello everyone, I’m here today for my friend, Han Solo. More than a friend, more like the coolest Uncle I never had.” He smiled into the crowd “I want to tell you the story of how I met this man…it’s a happy one. I hope you don’t mind my French though, but who here hasn’t heard Han’s version of French?” The crowd laughed. “His first words to me were this “Kid, the hell do you think you’re doing?” only he didn’t say hell, trying to keep this PG for the church.” He went on, some laughed again. “That day I signed a contract with him, he wanted to endorse my racing. He even helped me research and put together one of the best pit crews in the country. I also happened to meet the love of my life through him, my Finn. For that I thank him most of all.” Poe stepped down from the stage, everyone applauded. Leia was still too uncomfortable to go up and say her it, Finn took it upon himself to go up and speak. “I’m Finn.” He declared in a chipper tone “I wish we all didn’t have to be here today, but there comes a time in our life where all things come to an end. That necessarily isn’t a bad thing, no, Han would have us go out and have a beer after this to be honest. It’s just the type of man he was. There needs to be more men like him in the world, let’s start with taking a bit of him with all of us when we leave today.” By the time Finn stepped down, Leia was finally able to stand. Not without Rey’s help though, she linked arms with her daughter, they came up on the stage together. You could hear Rey’s whispers to her mother in the mic, she asked if she was ready to speak. She shook her head. With her mother’s hand in her grasp, Rey decided to speak. “I haven’t had much time to prepare for this to be honest…” she began to search her words “But without Han, my mother and I would be living on the streets. In my time of need, my mother reached out to me, she gave me a home. I was happy, I had a family. One day, a circumstance completely out of our control threatened my happiness. I thought I was going to lose my family…” “But it grew.” Leia chimed in “Han, the super hero that he is saved my daughter and I. He gave my life the jumpstart that I needed. Through his kindness and hospitality, we were able to live. I miss him, I’ve missed him every waking moment since he’s been gone. There’s not much more that I could say without-“ her voice cracked “Without breaking down, and that is the simple fact that I love him.” Rey had to bring her down from the stage, she wanted to save her the embarrassment of sobbing in front of everyone. With tears in her eyes Rey made sure her mother sat comfortably next to Luke, seeing her mother cry hurt her more than most things in this world. Before she sat, she leaned in front of Ren. “Are you ready?” she asked of him. “I’m not speaking.” He told her. Rey furrowed her brows “You’re not?” He didn’t answer her, but she couldn’t read his expression. It was a mix of frustration, contempt, sadness and just about everything else. She let it go and took her seat next to him. Without even thinking about it, she set her hand over his knee to comfort him. Ren set his hand over hers…not to hold it, but push it away. Rey tried her best not to be offended by this, but it made her tear up even more. She didn’t understand why. Notes: Sorry for the super late update, I got promoted at work so that means more hours. I also just got over a grueling school week. Chapter 8 : Risotto Summary: “There is no fire like passion, there is no shark like hatred, there is no snare like folly, there is no torrent like greed.” ― Gautama Buddha It wasn’t too much longer for the funeral service to end. Unfortunately they’d all have to stay through the grueling greeting from everyone that attended, from everyone who wanted to pay their respects. Rey stood with Leia just feet away from the pedestal that held Han’s ashes. People could pay their respects to him with prayers or last words and move on down the line to great Rey and Leia. After every greet Rey looked to the first row of pews where Poe, Finn, Hux, Luke and Ren waited. She mostly looked to Ren. He really should be standing up here she thought. She decided not to push it given that he pushed her comforting hand away. She replayed the action in her mind over and over. It was really starting to eat at her every time she looked at him. Every time she did his eyes would meet her gaze, he would be the first to look away. Soon the funeral came to its end. And it was time to go to the early dinner they had planned last minute. Poe claimed he had a place in mind, they would all just follow. But before they could leave, Leia wanted to say her last goodbye. She promptly made her way to the pedestal to Han. Rey stood with her with her hand on her mother’s back. “I miss you so much Han. I miss you so much.” She looked over her shoulder at Ren “I’m going to do right by you. I’ll bring him home.” Rey helped Leia down from the stage. The boys rose from the pews except Ren. Rey made it a point to confront him While Leia was busy chatting with Poe, Finn, and Luke. “Are you alright?” she asked of him. Hux came up behind Rey and stood off to the side of her shoulder. “I’m fine.” Ren told her flatly. “Do you want to say anything?” she shrugged at Han’s ern across the room. He looked beyond her shoulder at the ern. “I’m fine thank you.” He replied. “Well…I guess you can come up with something by the time you get his ashes. I think he’d want you to say something.” Rey told him. “Would he?” Ren countered. “Yes. I think he would.” She was quick to reply. Hux stepped in front of her and set his hands over her shoulders. “Let it go. He’s going to do what he wants to do. No amount of encouragement from you is going to change that.” Hux tried to calm her. “He’s right, I will do what I want. I don’t want to go to dinner with either of you, so it seems I won’t be going now.” Ren stood up. Luckily Leia was just out of earshot from the conversation, Ren pushed through them. Rey tried to make a grab for him, Hux stopped her from doing so. “You have to let it go Rey. He’s bitter right now.” Hux told her. “He’s being a child.” She replied. “That may be, you just have to let him live out his tantrums elsewhere.” The church doors closed behind Ren. “Where’s he off to?” Leia asked over everyone. “He’s just upset.” Hux told her. “Will he be coming to dinner?” “No, I wouldn’t worry about it though. He’ll come back.” Rey assured her. Leia pursed her lips in disappointment. They all filed out of the church, Luke and Leia linked arms and walked ahead. Finn and Poe walked just behind holding hands. Hux held out his arm to Rey, she looked at him with a warm smile and linked her arm with his. Once outside Leia announced she would be riding with Luke to the restaurant, Poe and Finn walked ahead to their car. “Looks like it’s just me and you.” Rey mused at Hux. They walked down the church steps to Leia’s car. Rey unlocked the doors before climbing inside along with Hux and started the car. “You know…thank you for coming today Hux.” she sighed. “Bren.” “Come again?” “You can call me Bren.” “Ok.” Rey’s cheeks heated. It was a bit difficult to follow Poe and Finn to the restaurant. Poe ALWAYS drove over the speed limit, it was amazing he never got pulled over. Luke ended up dropping back behind Rey because he couldn’t keep up while Rey kept a watchful eye on the turns Poe took, and barely keeping up. They all arrived at a seafood house, it was a hidden gem according to Finn. They were right about it being hidden, if you weren’t looking for it you definitely wouldn’t be able to find it. Rey managed to snag a parking spot right up front of the hidden gem, it popped up just as Poe drove passed, someone happened to be backing out. Poe back up his car and rolled down his window. Rey rolled hers down with a smile. “So cruel Rey.” Poe teased. “Not my fault you’re not fast enough!” she laughed. “OOOOOOOOOH.” Finn burst out. Rey shook her head and rolled up her window. Everyone found parking and climbed out of their cars. The inside was nautical themed like most places near the beach. The walls were lined with boards painted in white chipping paint for aesthetical reasons. Poe approached the host stand, it was wrapped in old rope and painted white too. “Table for six.” Poe told the hostess behind the stand, she looked down at the set of tables to find a place to squeeze them in. “Looks like we can have a table for you in about five minutes, is that all right?” she asked. “That’s just fine.” Leia took a seat with Luke in the waiting area while the rest of them stood around. “Now where did you find this place?” Leia raised a brow at both Finn and Poe. “Poe got us lost, we ended up having a few drinks here. Food is great too.” Finn smiled. “You’re lucky all you have to do is turn left on that damn race track, you’d get lost if it weren’t for that.” Leia threw a jabbing joke at Poe. “We got lost coming to your house the other day, and we’ve BEEN there before.” Finn added. “What, I just wanted to take the scenic route.” Poe chimed in. “Your table is ready.” The kindly hostess had to interrupt. They were guided through the back tables of the restaurant and given a large circular table with a white table cloth on it. Seashells were scattered all over the table and a ship in a bottle sat in the center. The salt and pepper shakers were little orbs. All of the silverware setting were wrapped in navy blue fabric napkins. Finn pulled out the seat closest to Rey, she gladly sat on her right while Hux sat on her left. Luke sat next to Finn. Leia sat next to Hux and Poe squeezed between Leia and her brother. The hostess walked around the table giving everyone a menu. “You’ve got to try their lobster rolls, to die for.” Finn glossed over the menu in his hands. “Better be for twenty bucks.” Leia muttered. Rey looked over the menu, everything looked so good. Scallop platter, shrimp scampi, lobster risotto, there were so many things. Poe leaned over to Leia to give her a few tips with the menu, she always had snarky questions to ask. “What can I get you all to drink?” a new face showed, the waiter. Everyone was silent over the table for a moment until Leia spoke up. “Do you have white wine?” she asked. “We do ma’am.” “Do any of you want some?” she asked over the table, everyone wanted the same “Bring a bottle if that’s all right?” she asked the waiter. “Sure thing, I’ll need to see everyone’s ID.” Everyone was quick to show their ID, they all just wanted to drink after their emotionally taxing day, especially Leia. The waiter returned with a bottle and wine glasses. He managed to carry it all in two hands. When he asked if everyone was ready to decide what to eat no one could give him an answer, he declared he would return in about five minutes. “What are you getting Finn?” Rey leaned to Finn. “Oh me? I’m getting the lobster roll.” he replied. “Of course.” She should have guess, they were his first suggestion. She leaned over to Hux “And you?” she asked. “Lobster Risotto I think.” he answered. “I think I’ll get that too, it says it comes with lemon herb breadsticks.” “Ok, my bad. You guys pick the restaurant next time.” Poe strolled out of the establishment ahead of everyone. Poor Finn, he got the worst of it. Took a bite into his food, nothing but raw lobster. That was after the service went downhill directly after ordering. So slow half of the food wasn’t even hot by the time it reached the table. They brought Hux the completely wrong dish even though he specifically ordered the same exact thing as Rey. “Still better than that Tuna Casserole I had at your house the other day.” Luke whispered to Rey in passing. She punched the old man in his arm. “Well no one had to pay, that’s all that matters.” Hux added. “You boys need to come to our house for dinner this week, our treat.” Leia insisted. “No no, it would be my pleasure and Finns pleasure to have you over for dinner at our house.” Poe inserted. “Either way I’m not cooking.” The group broke out into a laugh in the little circle they stood in. Leia pulled everyone in for a hug. They all said their goodbyes and thank you’s. They settle on having dinner at Finn and Poe’s house next week on Wednesday. Leia kissed her bother good bye and told him they would see him tomorrow. Hux insisted that he sit in back, Leia wouldn’t have it and made him sit up front with Rey. While driving through town Leia nodded off in the back seat. “I’m sorry that ended badly Bren, I hope you got enough to eat.” Rey spoke up. “It’s fine, I’m glad you shared with me.” “I still don’t know how they got seafood pizza out of “Lobster Risotto”” “I would have eaten it if it weren’t for the mushrooms, it’s a good thing that’s the only food I’m allergic to.” “I would absolutely HATE it if I were allergic to shellfish.” Rey laughed. “It would be some kind of living hell, especially in this state.” The driveway to the estate came close, Rey turned switched on the blinker and turned. She slowed her pace down the driveway and came to a stop in front of the garage. Hux looked to the back seat at Leia who slept peacefully. “Do you need help getting her inside?” he asked. “No, she’ll want to do it herself, I don’t want to keep you either.” “It’s no problem for me.” “You’re so kind Bren, you really are.” He sighed with a slight smile on his face “I’ll be next door if you need me.” “Thank you.” Hux opened the passenger door and climbed out. Rey woke her mother by tapping her knee from the drivers seat, she stirred awake. “Hmmm-wha?” “We’re home.” Rey said. “Oh good,” Leia sat up “I’m going to make a sandwich when we get inside. Want one?” “No thank you, kinda lost my appetite.” Leia walked with Rey to their front door, Rey unlocked it and let themselves inside. Rey switched on the lights as she walked through the rooms. Leia trailed behind. “Are you sure you don’t want a grill cheese and pickle sandwich?” Leia was making her way towards the kitchen. “That does sound kind of good actually…” “I’ll make you one.” Leia winked. “Ok, but I’m going to run upstairs and change.” “Ok honey.” Rey skipped up the steps to get upstairs, she slowed when she heard a voice. She was cautious on listening in. Ren was in the guestroom, she peeked as she walked by. He was pacing around with his phone to his ear. His suit jacket laid on the bed and his tie was loose around his neck. “I know what the will says, there has to be a loop hole.” He spoke into the phone, his voice was frustrated. Rey was intent on listening now, she stood with her back against the wall nearest the door so she wouldn’t be seen. “No her daughter even has rights to it before I do.” He went on “Either way you need to get down here and look at it Phasma.” Although Rey initially didn’t want him to know she was eavesdropping, she just couldn’t take it anymore and barged in his room. Ren was startled at first with the phone against his ear. “Hang up the phone Ren, we need to talk.” Rey ordered. “Hold on-“ Ren spoke into the phone, covered the mouth piece and held it away. “What do you want?” “Hang up the phone Ren, we need to talk.” She ordered again. He just stared at her and put the phone to his ear again. “No I’m still here.” He spoke to the phone again. “HANG UP THE PHONE BEN!” Rey snapped. Now that made him hang up up and shove his phone away into a back pocket. “Don’t use that name like you pretend to know me! You’ve know me for what? THREE days? Where do you get off?!” Ren snapped. “Your father has passed away and here you are SULKING about YOURSELF!” “If only you knew what the actual fuck you were talking about…” “I’ve been living with your father for years, I know him pret- “NO.” Ren stepped closed to her face “You don’t know him, and living with him for a few years doesn’t mean you know God damned thing about him. I’ve known him my whole life.” “You can’t say that when you’ve hardly been a part of it for the past five year, you haven’t known him your whole life if you cut him out of it!” “YOU ARE SO—GOD, WHY IN THE HELL DO YOU GIVE SUCH A SHIT?” “YOU DON’T NEED HIS MONEY, YOU ALREADY HAVE ENOUGH.” “BECAUSE IT’S RIGHTFULLY MINE REY!” he screamed at her. “You’re a selfish man.” Rey countered. “Yeah and you’re a little girl who pretends to know everything there is to know about everything.” Rey stormed out of the guest room without another word, Ren had nothing further to say. She marched right into her own room and slammed the door behind herself.