story He falls in love on the subway. It could be worse. It’s a Monday morning, he’s running to catch his six o’clock train. Coffee from his thermos spills over the side and onto his shirt as he throws himself into the cart, doors narrowly closing behind him. It’s such a risky scene that it just about almost gets her attention. She’s already seated, leaning against the cold wall behind her. It’s another ten minutes before she can get off, another ten minutes full of bustling business men and homeless guitarists. The young woman sighs and closes her eyes to escape the chaos. His name is Poe and he is on his way to an early morning meeting with his boss, the charming Mrs. Organa. BB-8, the man’s excited dog, had been the one to wake him up instead of his alarm, causing a rushed panic all morning. Now he stands against a pole, swaying with the train as it turns a corner. It’s too early for this. Her name is Rey and she is on her way to her first lecture of the day, a wonderful engineering course under a wise man. She’s a student at NYU, wearing a baggy sweatshirt that claims as much. In her hand, she clutches tight onto her iced coffee, it’s the most important thing to her right now. They’re both on the same train, in the same cart, only a few feet apart. There’s a vulgar man sitting next to Rey and she almost sings of joy when he reaches his stop and loudly exits. Now she just prays no one else notices the empty seat. “Is someone sitting here?” a voice beside her asks. Rey turns to see the owner of the noise, tall, dark hair, symmetrical face, nicer to look at than the man who had been here fore. “Oh, no,” she shifts over to give him room as he sits beside her. He murmurs his gratitude and pulls a notebook out of the bag he’s carrying. Poe doesn’t notice her until he’s asking if he can sit beside her. Once he’s resting on the seat he doesn’t try to make contact, it’s too early, even for him, to be chatty with strangers. Poe checks his watch, still a while left to go, he might as well finish up a few things before his stop. Rey’s drifting off, hard. She didn’t sleep until much later than usual last night, due to having pick up an extra shift at the local coffee lounge she works in. Her head bobs, at first finding refuge to the wall behind her, but then it’s too heavy to keep up right. Rey’s eyes flutter open and then closed on an endless cycle, everything around her is too much of a blur. There’s pressure against his shoulder. Soft pressure. Warm pressure. Poe snaps his head to see the young woman next to him leaning into him, completely oblivious. His lips pull upwards into a small grin, she looks clean anyways, no harm done. The man decides to let the poor girl have her needed rest and continues copying down concepts against his papers. The doors open with a ding and a woman overhead reads off the name of the stop. Poe realizes that the girl beside him could be missing her designation and quickly nudges her awake. “Hey, hey, wake up, sunshine,” Poe gently coaxes, “where are you getting off at?” Rey shoots up as soon as she realizes what’s going on and frantically looks around, “is this Washington Square?” She quietly curses as the doors slam shut. “Not yet, you still have some time,” Poe smiles. “Thank you, I-I’m sorry about that,” a light blush washes over the young woman’s features, it makes Poe almost laugh. The train starts up again and they both softly swing with the rolling cart, “it’s fine, it’s early,” the man shrugs innocently. A silence hugs the two and they sit comfortably, Rey refusing to let herself fall back into a subconscious trance. Poe bites the tip of his pen as he turns his focus back to the notebook on his lap. “So, NYU? With your sweatshirt and stopping at Washington Square, are you visiting?” Poe breaks the quiet once he sees her yawn, might as well try to keep her awake. “I’m a student there,” Rey nods, “I live off campus.” The man bites his pen again before trying to find another question to ask, “what’s your major?” Anything bland, small talk, whatever will keep her from drifting off. “I’m an engineering major,” she answers, and Poe can tell from the look on her face that she isn’t used to conversations with strangers at six in the morning on a loud subway. “Nice,” Poe takes a drink of his coffee, “I almost went there, my whole family did anyway.” Rey furrows her brow and turns towards him, “why didn’t you?” “Air Force,” the man shrugs, “I love flying too much to be bound on the ground for too long. I did my time there and moved back here.” He shares more than he originally intends. Rey’s so unfamiliar with these awkward small conversations that she praises the warning bell echoing above her. “Now arriving at Washington Square,” a voice above her rings. “That’s you,” Poe moves so that she can get up easier, “have a good day, sweetheart,” he smoothly winks at her as she leaves. Rey’s so flabbergasted at such a flirtatious move she just waves and jogs out of the station. He thinks about her for the next few minutes, but the memory of her fades away once the subway pulls away from her stop. It’s late when Rey finally gets off work, her watch reads eleven o’clock; if she hurries, she can catch the eleven twenty train. Shedding her apron, the young woman promptly locks up the shop and dashes towards the nearest station entrance, hitting two stairs at a time. She jumps onto her cart just ten seconds before the doors close. Poe’s groggy, he's put in too many hours today, so much overtime. Beyond that, this train is too sketchy at night and while he’s not intimidated, he’s annoyed. There’s not too many people riding alongside him though, and he’s thankful for that, able to use the seat beside him as a leg rest. Rey moves to the first spot she sees, two seats all to herself. It’s a blessing to get this much space and she graciously uses it, unaware of the familiar man sitting behind her. A brunette woman comes to sit in front of him and he almosts recognizes her, he could've sworn he’s seen someone wearing the same grey sweatshirt today. They don’t say anything to each other. Poe begins to recognize the area around him and moves to stand against a pole, waiting for the car to stop and doors to open. It’s there that he finally sees her face and his memory lights up. “Fancy seeing you here again,” he grins and nudges her knee with his foot lightly, “what’re the odds of that?” Rey gives him a confused look until realization dawns on her and she nods, “oh, right.” “Maybe fate is just messing with us today,” the features pull into a boyish grin and before either can say anything else, he’s out the doors and gone. Her train flies away, far from the silly man she met twice in the same cart, on the same train. She doesn’t give him much thought after that. The next week, she’s standing impatiently beside the tall subway doors, checking her phone every few seconds. She’s dressed in a tight, red, dress, her hair pulled back into a high bun and her lips painted dark pink. This is all Jessika’s work and she wants to curse her roommate out for it. One blind date , she had said, it’ll be fun. Now she just feels over dressed and extremely anxious. Poe’s headed home from a night moderately drinking when he comes across her again. They make eye contact when he steps across the metal threshold and she flashes him a surprised look. “Hey, any chance you’re following me?” Poe grins as he holds onto the same pole she is, his hand higher up above hers. “I don’t believe so,” Rey bites her lip and breaks their eye contact to check the time again. He truly takes her in for the first time, blame it on the few drinks he’s had or the way her lips pop, but he actually notices her for the first time. She’s thin, athletic, brown hair tight above her head, her eyes are bright despite her nervousness. She’s definitely beautiful, he admits to himself. Rey can feel the man’s gaze lingering on her. His eyes flicker from her head to her dress, taking in the glittery fabric Jessika forced her into. “Where’re you headed off to tonight?” he casually asks, as if they’re old friends running into each other instead of strangers who just keep getting on the right trains. “A date,” she feels the words roll off her tongue before she can stop them, her nerves getting the best of her. Poe raises his eyebrows and smirks, “you look thrilled.” “I’ll be thrilled to be at home in a few hours,” Rey rolls her eyes, mentally cursing herself for revealing so much information to the man. “Wow,” he bites his lip as his gaze falls on the necklace hanging around her neck, resting so nicely against her skin, “hope your boyfriend knows this is the last date he’s getting.” Rey almost smiles at his face after she admits, “it’s the first one.” Poe laughs and shakes his head, muttering something under his breath she can’t hear. He’s pretty attractive when he smiles, she notices, his hair is really nice. Rey doesn’t have time to study him more before she’s whisked off the train and onto her platform by the masses who also desire to exit. Poe doesn’t get to ask her for her name. A few days later they see each other on opposite platforms, he waves and she softly laughs at how eager he is. It slowly begins a tradition to see each other every Monday morning at six o’clock on train B headed first to Washington Square. They never share names, never admit to anything beyond simple facts. It’s a weird tradition to keep their quiet morning talks under as much mystery as they can, “it’s a relying on chance kind of thing,” Poe shrugs it off. Still, curiosity pines within both of them. “Where do you work?” she asks one day. “A place past the stop for Washington Square,” he grins. It’s the mystery that draws him closer to it. Every Monday morning, the last car of the train, she’s sitting with her purse in the seat beside her. “Is anyone sitting here?” he asks every time. “A subway man,” Rey replies and he beams. The mysterious and beautiful girl on the subway. He refers to her in his mind as ‘Washington Square’, though out loud he deems her ‘sunshine’, ‘sweetheart’, and other little nicknames that roll easily off his tongue. He uses them on everyone and it takes her a few weeks to actually warm up to his frequent use of pet names. It’s a strange little dynamic that they have. “How did that date go the other week?” Poe pushes his notebooks into his bag as she types something into her phone. All their conversations are ambient and he appreciates that. Rey opens her mouth, but quickly shuts it, trying to find the best phrasing possible. “Well, he stood me up. I waited an hour before I had to leave,” she admits, a little embarrassed. Poe’s face softens, “ah, I’m sorry, sweetheart. The guy was probably a jerk anyway,” and she smiles back up at him. Each trip leads to a longer conversation, until they don’t stop talking up until Rey has to leave. She tries to tell her roommate about her new subway acquaintance, but she just shakes her head and tells the girl to be careful. That’s the thing about Poe, she’s never felt too uneasy around him. He’s calm, so collected and confident that she admires him purely for that. He doesn’t talk about anything that gives her a bad vibe, he’s kind and truly listens to her stories and ramblings. “What’s your favorite color?” he asks one day. “What? Why?” Rey furrows her brow and laughs. The man shrugs and bites down on the tip of his pen, a habit she’s noticed many times, “I run into you on this train every Monday morning and I don’t even know your favorite color.” Rey grins and rolls her eyes. “I like the color of the ocean,” the young girl shrugs. “That’s cheating, that’s multiple colors, sunshine.” The corner of Rey’s lips flickers up in a small smile as she looks at her watch, “what’s wrong with that? What’s yours?” “Well in that case, mine is the color of a sunset,” Poe slyly grins, though I also love the color of your eyes. She leaves too soon every time. It’s snowing the next Monday morning, three months into their routine, and she doesn’t show. It’s the first time he hasn’t walked in to see her slowly nodding off with lazy eyes still searching to find him amongst a small crowd. Poe knows not the panic, she probably just missed her bus, it’s not a big deal. Though he does solemnly note that the ride feels much longer and emptier without the brunette by his side. He wishes he knew her name. Rey doesn’t come the next week either. A month away from finals and the young woman is stressed beyond belief, she’s picking up extra shifts as well, trying to make as much money as she can to finally afford her own car. It’s late that night, rain dripping from the sky similar to the coffee she’s been brewing. Thankfully, she owns an umbrella to protect her on her walk towards the underground station. It’s there for the first time she realizes it’s been weeks since she last rode on a subway. Jessika’s been driving her around since she got her car and in the excitement, the man on the subway completely slipped her mind. Rey sighs as she board the train, disappointed that she’s let the man down and probably ruined their luck. Poe’s halfway asleep against the pole he’s leaning on, tired from another round of crippling overtime with his boss. They’re working on deadlines and he’s pushing himself out to thin, he just wants to help so bad. The rain runs against the hard concrete and Rey closes her umbrella as she boards her subway heading home. It’s a bright yellow raincoat that keeps him from falling asleep, it’s so annoyingly shining that he squints to see what kind of person owns such a coat. And it’s her. “Washington Square!” he calls out and she spins around at the sound of his voice. Smiles both erupt on their faces and the student quickly moves so that they are standing face to face. “Where’ve you been? I was getting a little worried about you there,” Poe smirks and she realizes just how much she’s missed their little, mindless talks. “Finals are coming up and I’ve been working overtime to save up for a car,” she shrugs apologetically. Poe puts a hand to his heart, “if you don’t want to ride around New York City with me, just tell me, sunshine.” It’s all in jest, but something in his stomach drops at the thought of not seeing her once a week. Rey doesn’t respond, just laughs hollowly at his quip and looks away. “Is it still raining?” he gestures to her umbrella. “It’s on and off,” she answers, setting the compact item underneath her seat as she pulls out her phone to check the time. “Oh,” the bell chimes, “this is my stop.” Poe frowns, time is so short on a subway, “I’ll see you on Monday?” “I hope so,” and she runs to make it out the doors. Poe sighs, stare fixed on the place she had been, longingly wishing she was back beside him. That’s when he sees the matching bright yellow umbrella. “Washington Square!” he calls out after her, but she’s already gone. In a possibly reckless move, he grabs the umbrella and pushes past everyone else to squeeze through the shutting doors and out to the station. He spots her moving up the stairs. Rey’s zoned out completely, walking her usual route home. It’s not until she hears a very familiar voice that she spins around and comes face to face with her subway man. They both pause, it’s the first time they’ve seen each other in front of non grey and black backgrounds. “What’re you doing?” Rey sputters, mind racing along with her pulse. “You forgot this,” Poe smiles and hands her the plastic item. The young woman softly grins at him and he realizes he’s been given the opportunity he’s been wishing for. “I just missed my train, so, can I walk you home?” he eagerly watches her expression. Rey nods, “I’d like that.” She giggles as he offers her his arm, such a gentleman, even as he makes flirtatious jokes as they walk. They reach her dorm all too quick. “Hey,” he whispers, still holding onto her arm, “I don’t think we’ve been formally introduced, sunshine.” Rey laughs, playing along and extending her hand, “I don’t believe so either, what is your name, subway man?” “Dameron, Poe Dameron,” the name echos in her ears as her stomach twists in a knot. “I’m Rey,” she smiles and he lifts her hand to press a kiss to the back of it. Rey’s face turns a dark shade of crimson and she cringes at how obvious she must be acting. He wants to kiss her right then and there, on her porch and the rain begins to drizzle again. Her name is so perfect, Rey. He smiles as her face lights up and her cheeks flush. Poe’s called her beautiful for months now, and she never lets him forget it. “Rey, I like that name,” he smiles. “Would you like to come in for coffee, Poe?” He falls in love with a girl on a subway. They spend the next year together, finally asking personal questions and getting to know each each other. Poe buys her everything he can find with the colors of the ocean, and Rey paints him many portraits with the colors of a sunset. They move in together eventually, Rey finishing up her studies and Poe working overtime to afford a ring. He falls in love with a girl on a subway. It could be worse. Chapter 2 : epilogue Summary: in which they get engaged where it all started Notes: why'd i write a chapter 2 lmao (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He’s already waiting for her, leaning against the cool glass exterior as she rushes out the door. “Poe,” Rey breaks into a warm smile and hugs the man she’s so lovingly deemed her boyfriend. He finds her hand with his and entwines their fingers as they start down the messy concrete sidewalk. “Good afternoon, sunshine,” he squeezes her hand and swings their entwined arms gently, “What all have you been up to so far this morning? All the papers transfer like you wanted them to?” It’s been almost a year since the couple first met, a year since their love story began. Since then, Rey graduated college and is now working at a small business directly across from the corporation Poe’s sold his soul to, making it for easy carpooling. Poe’s been promoted, now a leader of his own team but still taking orders from Leia Organa. The two live together yet decided to take things slow, it’s important to both of them. The magic of working across from each other is Poe’s favorite part about their situation. Every Monday at noon, they meet up outside and ride a train down to their favorite deli downtown. It’s his favorite part of the week. He owes something to the subway anyway, it brought him to her. “Yeah, it’s been fine. Finn is a little stressed about a new shipment coming in and a team of people he used to work with are coming to observe thing around the place, but it'll be good,” Rey shrugs and smiles back up at him. Poe likes to be taller than her, he likes fitting around her body, holding her to his chest, and above all, he likes looking down to see her smile. The man stops and leans his cheek down to her, which she promptly gives a quick kiss to. Poe frowns, “I haven't seen you since seven this morning and that’s all I get?” Rey laughs and pulls him down to her, taking his head in her hands as she captures his lips in hers. Poe’s arms wraps around her, pulling her as close as he can amongst the New York City rush. “Better?” Rey giggles. “Better,” Poe presses a last kiss to her forehead and they continue on their way. He’s planning on proposing. He knows that for sure. It’s late one night and Rey’s already asleep while Poe’s occupied over multiple spreads of NYC subway maps. They’ve already talked about marriage, he’s all for it, she’s fine with it. “Yeah, of course, Poe,” she has said with a smile when he had suggested it, as if it was just another casual conversation. He wants the proposal to mean something and with all the sincerity he can muster, he plans. Rey wakes up with a yawn a few weeks later on a bright Saturday morning. Her hand drifts to Poe’s side of the bed and feels for him, reaching out for his warm glow, and comes back with nothing. “Poe?” her voice barely comes out as a mumble due to the early morning grogginess covering her. No response. The young woman props herself up on her elbow and sure enough, no boyfriend in sight. Rey rolls back over towards her bedside table to see a prompt, folded white paper with her name written on it. It’s from Poe. “ Rey, ” she reads in his voice, “ I had an emergency meeting I had to run to. Meet me for lunch? I covered transportation, you’ll just have to pick up the tickets from the booth. They’re in my name.” Lying wedged in the creased paper are several torn out pieces of a map, each labeled for a different destination. Rey shrugs and gets up to change before heading down their apartment steps for her first train to catch. It’s quite inefficient how many times he’s having her switch platforms. In her hands, she has four separate stops to make and the fact he’s making her pick up a different ticket at each place. ‘What’s he up to?’ she innocently ponders. “Excuse me,” the young woman walks up to the first help desk she can find, “I’m supposed to pick up pre-ordered subways tickets for a Poe Dameron?” The woman behind the counter nods and hands her a crisp envelope, faintly smiling as if there’s a big joke Rey’s missing out on. “Thank you,” Rey smiles sheepishly and turns away. Inside the envelope is the first ticket, train A to Madison Avenue, along with a black and white photograph paperclipped beyond the stub. The picture is of the exact tree Poe kissed her for the first time under. She told him on the first coffee date they'd had that she loved the trees alongside Madison Avenue in the winter and he had taken her there two weeks later. Rey turns over the photograph to make sure she’s not missing anything, but it’s not until she accidentally drops her ticket that she realizes “YOU” is written in bright red letters on the back. She frowns and contemplates calling Poe and making him just tell her what this is about. Rey rolls her eyes, already hearing his response and decides just to play along. From Madison Avenue, she’s given another envelope, this time containing a ticket to Central Park; on the back is the word “WILL”. The paper is attached to another picture, this time of the bench covered in snow that they’d first said “I love you” on. It’d been around their three month anniversary and both were impatient. Shortly after that moment, Poe’s thrown a snowball directly into her face and she’d responded quickly by pushing him head first into a mound of the powder. Rey smiles at the memory. She almost misses her train to Central Park and it’s quick turn around to her next location, Rockefeller Center. Rey doesn't have time to check the newest addition to her photo collection until she’s already on the train. When she pulls it out again, she first flips over her ticket stub, “REY”, meets her eyes in bold letters. The sight gives chills down her spine, this is all meant for her. The photograph is not of the famous ice rink anointing the beautiful plaza, but of the railing overlooking the area. Their first official date. “It’s so cliched, I know, to bring a girl here around Christmas on the first date,” he had whined, “but, it’s just really nice here.” “I love it, thank you,” Rey beamed. She’s still on the train and lining up “YOU WILL REY” with all the common sense she can manage to pull an idea of what this means together. It ends with her gritting her teeth in frustration as she hops off onto her next platform. The next ticket makes her heart skip. Washington Square. It’s the most memorable, of all the places she’s been today. This is the one that means the most. The young woman scrambles to pull out the photograph, it’s the archway looming over the small park. Rey furrows her brow, they’ve never been on a date there, it has no significant meaning beyond being Washington Square. She flips over her ticket in hopes of a clue, but all it reads is “ME?”, she curses. There’s not another ticket waiting for her at the Washington Square station and she panics. It’s not until Finn’s loud voice reaches her that she finally calms down, “Rey!” he calls. “Finn? What’re you doing here?” she grins and bites her lip. “I’m here to help you out with this one,” he smiles, exactly like how everyone has smiled at her today, as if they know something she doesn’t, I’d suggest for your next destination, you look above.” The man gestures to the last photograph in her hands and Rey finally realizes what her next steps are. “Thank you, Finn!” she calls after him as she sprints out of the terminal. It’s a beautiful day when Rey finally is able to come up from the underground world. People smile all around her, children running around, birds pecking at the ground. Rey crosses through the small park, anxious to reach the archway. It’s not until she spots Poe leaning against the landmark in the cool shade that her heartbeat slows down, but it skips a beat when he notices her and grins. Rey runs to him, unsure why she feels so compelled to, but nevertheless, he accepts her with open arms. “Hey there, sunshine,” he presses a kiss to her hair. “I swear, if you don’t tell me what’s going on right now,” Rey pulls away, arms still around his neck, and shakes her head. Poe laughs at her open ended threat and kisses her chastely, “have you been everywhere?” Rey nods and he nudges her pocket, “do you still have all the ticket stubs?” Rey pulls out the pieces of paper, flipping them all around to show the words on the back to him. “I will what you?” she laughs at the sentence and he smiles fondly. “Let me show you something, you’re missing the last one,” the man untangles his arms from around her to reach into his coat and pull out one last envelope. “Open it,” he smirks. Rey rips off the packaging in a nervous daze and is greeted first by a picture of the two of them, Poe’s arm around her, both smiling at each other. “I love this picture,” Rey smiles and he nods at what’s underneath it. The final ticket is to the location of their apartment and Rey raises and eyebrow before turning it over to see the word “MARRY” in all caps. REY WILL YOU MARRY ME? She doesn’t know when he gets down on a knee and opens a small box in his hands but she assumes it’s when her hands flies to cover her mouth and tears begin to water her eyes. “Rey,” Poe’s even a little choked up, “you are my best friend. You are the best thing fate has provided me with. You are everything I want from this life, along with everything I need. I don’t know what prompted me to continue meeting you on that dumb six o’clock train every Monday morning but, I’ve never been more thankful of anything I’ve ever done in my life. I would very much like to ride around New York City with you, for the rest of my life and that is why I want to ask, Rey, will you marry me?” Rey nods enthusiastically , it’s all she can do as she tries to keep runaway tears from falling down her skin, “Yes! Poe, yes, a thousand times, yes,” Poe grins wider than she ever has seen him before as he slips a small band around her finger and stands up to catch her in his arms. He lifts her up and spins her around, pulling her close to him and crashing his lips against hers in pure joy. Rey presses a kiss to his cheek once her feet are on the ground again and she smiles, “I love you, Poe.” “I love you too, Washington Square.” Their wedding is beautiful. It’s a ceremony full of friends and Finn sheds more tears than he would like to admit. The Damerons live peacefully at home, they adopt a small corgi, BB-8, and a few houseplants. They still like to eat at the same deli via subway every Monday at noon, still joke about how they met, and still love each other, no matter what. Notes: thank you for reading!!! there is a photoset of these two in their subway!au on my tumblr, ellephantee, and some other fun damerey stuff, so please check that out if you're interested! Notes: Thank you so much for reading! Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the in a galaxy not that far away series Next Work →