An Empire has two options. It can keep expanding, or it can maintain its borders. An expanding Empire, Hux knew, eventually starved itself, and simply must keep expanding so that its soldiers and forces had something to do , so that bored mercenaries didn’t tear the whole thing apart. But it also spread the forces thin, and made it too easy to conquer in return. A stable Empire that took its land and kept it, that was hard to shake. He had learned that from one of his academic fancies towards the “soft” subjects no one had that much access to in the Academy. There, it was more of a concern to make a good soldier rather than a well-rounded person. He had come across papers and articles in scholarly journals that spoke to ancient, ancient empires that had only ever been on one planet. He had read them with a thought that these empires were the precursors to what had become Delegates and Senators and Kings and Queens of different planets, and when he had made contact with one of the academics who wrote the piece had been swiftly put in his place of not understanding that this was an empire that barely reached across a single peninsula. The mightiest empires were so tiny they were given to a single governor or prefect nowadays. And what a shock that had been to a man who had been raised knowing of galactic systems of government. He had found the most ancient of studies by accident, and was yet too interested in them to let it go. Instead, Hux had perused ancient texts, fragments in forgotten languages studied seemingly only by old academics whose backs were permanently hunched over their work. But they were happy enough to explain everything about those texts, to describe the ancient disputes of planets that had many warring countries, far before they accepted one leader. On Yvinia, there had been a mighty empire that spread too far and broke apart, collapsing slowly over the centuries as more powerful countries plundered its lands. They had tried to make up for it, crowning multiple emperors to rule over separate sections, but it didn’t do anything. If anything, four emperors vying for power made everything worse, and the common people suffered. When the Empire crumbled, the people flocked to warlords who could promise security, and they had warred for the next thousand years before planetary unity was achieved. The woman who was telling him about the last single emperor wasn’t human, and the First Order did not allow non-humans into their military, so perhaps it was forgiven that he could not name her species immediately. But she was old, her voice as thin as the paper she dealt with, and Hux had to listen very intently to hear her. She was brilliant though, as her position as head of the ancient studies department of Landan University. Dr. Riil was very well respected in Yvinia, so it had been to her that Hux had gone. “Really he should be called the King of Kings,” she was saying, on one of her long winded segues, but he had long gotten used to those. “Interesting story about the birth of that title, it’s half a legend but recently we found a statue with an inscription of King of Kings Flavinam that said…oh what was it, something about how he defeating the Seescian people…oh but we were talking about King of Kings Kwestian. Yes. Yes, Kwestian came to power when they had already been weakened. The economy was failing, we know that by his attempts to restart it, and there were nomad tribes at the edge of the empire, all trying to take over the provincial towns. And the state religion was losing followers too, it was awful.” “The state religion?” he asked politely. “Oh everyone was being seduced away by cults. The state religion worshipped a sun god, and the King of Kings always had himself depicted as a sun god in official portraiture, a form of propaganda. But sometimes it meant that the people thought of the King of Kings as a sun god. So, whenever one died, it always led to problems of conversions but under Kwestian is was especially bad.” “Why not bother simply saying you were as strong as the god? Why bother putting yourself in portraiture as one?” The old woman sighed, but it was the sigh of someone who had answered the question a thousand times and said, “All you interstellar travelling military types. You get so concerned over a broken hyperdrive and holoprojectors you forget planets didn’t always have instantaneous communication even just among themselves, let alone between whole star systems. There were thousands of people who didn’t know what the King of Kings looked like, until the portraits came. It took two months to travel from one end of the empire to the other, and that was without stopping. They didn’t have flight yet, child! Or moveable type!” He was beginning to realize that was the wrong question to have asked, for he had set her off, rambling about how people were losing track of the history of their own planet beyond systems and republics and galactic empires and orders and what not. But if he had learned anything, it was patience, and he actually learned quite a lot from that long ramble. And by the end of it, he was given no less than six datachips all filled with articles and papers written by historians from political to artistic topics, and a warm invitation to return next time he had shore leave anywhere near Yvinia. The J’lean Empire was an empire that had spread too far, and as Hux spent his very little free time reading about the dozens of Kings of Kings and how each had his own goals and his own designs. The articles referred to things he didn’t understand, especially the ones written by art historians, but that was no matter. As it was, he was scoffing at those who thought themselves great and above all others and raised his brow at those who damned the memories of their enemies (considering how even thousands of years later those damned were still remembered perfectly well, was it any surprise for him to raise his brow?). But still he was impressed. Once he managed to train his mind to think of one planet as the extent of someone’s world (and he rolled his own eyes internally at that turn of phrase), the reach the J’leans managed before they began to collapse was impressive. But he couldn’t quite imagine how an Empire comprised of at least seventy different languages could function. That would be his next thread of inquiry, when it came to the J’leans. Though he had other planets and other empires there to study as well. On Ni’k there had been a stable empire that had maintained its borders. This one had lasted a thousand years within the same dynasty, and in that time it had flourished. They had no wars to fight, and so they had turned to science, to art, to philosophy, and had created beautiful things the rest of the planet desperately wanted. But they were also strong. So strong that when an enemy tried to take them over, they dispatched the force but a single messenger to warn against any further attempts. They had been so strong that Ni’k had even had two governing forces for a while, this empire against the planetary council. “Emperor T’um was the last emperor of the Eda Dynasty,” Professor Mabun had said, showing him an ancient painting (not that there was anything inherently wrong with paintings. It was an honored art, and the aesthetic of them appealed to Hux, not that he’d let anyone know) of the Emperor. “His contemporaries said he did not have the disposition to lead, but there were no other heirs. T’um tried to keep his empire separate from the planetary council, and implemented supposedly dozens of reforms. We have no record of them but that they existed. It did no good, though, and when he died his daughter did not inherit an empire but a seat on the council.” Professor Mabun was humanoid, but his eyes were beetle black and the lack of pupil and iris would have been unsettling if Hux wasn’t used to dealing with people in masks. It was the hands, with just one extra joint, that truly disturbed him the most, but he was professional and refused to shudder even when they had shaken hands. But despite his base instincts regarding the man’s appearance, Hux respected the Professor, had even read the textbook that he had helped write (even if he did think it was too expensive) about the Eda Dynasty. It had been very basic, meant for those just beginning to learn about the history, but that was exactly what Hux was. He’d not delude himself into thinking he was some genius, not when it came to these subjects. “The Eda Dynasty was not the first dynasty,” said Hux, not framing it as the question it was. But Professor Mabun shook his head and answered all the same, “The Eda Dynasty took over from the Wara Dynasty, which took over from the Rom Dynasty, which in turn took over from the Min Dynasty. It goes further back, but records get sketchier the further you go. The Eda Dynasty was the last , and for that reason we know so much about it, thanks to the planetary council.” Professor Mabun didn’t go on longwinded segues like Dr. Riil did, you had to ask questions to get more out of him, but he was smart and forgiving of stupid questions that even Hux wanted to hit himself about. He knew what he was talking about, and was forgiving of Hux’s previous misconception about how these empires related to how the entire planet was unified. They only parted when Professor Mabun had to go attend a staff meeting, and yet just like with Dr. Riil, Hux left with plenty of readings on the Eda Dynasty, and even a few on the Wara. He had finished everything he had been given about the J’leans, and reading about the Edans certainly sounded interesting. And it was, for the Edans had quite the tradition of courtly poetry that required a massive guide to what each pun and reference was to, and apparently half of them had been lost in translation to Standard. Along with that, Professor Mabun had given him ancient records of a day of public court, when the Emperor Ten had heard the complaints of his people. They had been marked down with such precision down to the minute, and Hux settled into these far more easily than the poetry. Sixth day of the Seventeenth Month of the Twenty Third year of the Reign of His Imperial Majesty The Great Magistrate Emperor Ten of the House of Eda, Attended by Court and Her Imperial Majesty Empress N’ar Yves -10 the doors are opened -5 the people are amassed -3 the people are sorted according to class, station, and complaint -2 the people are admitted -1 the people are bowing 0 His Imperial Majesty and Her Imperial Majesty arrive to take their thrones, Attended by Court 1 The Great Magistrate makes his welcome 3 the first complaint is heard, as follows: “My neighbor stole fruit from me tree as it overhangs the border between our properties. She says the fruit is hers because it was on her side, but the roots are on mine. No minor magistrate has solved our problem, and all have sent us higher in rank of court until we have been sent here. Please, imperial highness, share your wisdom so that there may be peace in your land.” 5 The Great Magistrate makes, in infinite wisdom, the first judgment as follows: “You and your neighbor shall harvest together when the tree next bears fruit. You shall split this bounty between you both and you shall prepare for one another a dish of this fruit. After you dine together in harmony, you shall cut down this tree of dispute, so that you may be rid of what has destroyed your peace. Plant a new tree from the seeds of the fruit, if you must, but rid yourself of what has disturbed your peace.” Praise to the Wisdom of the Emperor, our Great Magistrate, for in his wisdom, he has made peace in his land! On and on it went, detailing to the tiniest degree the wisdom of this Emperor, and Hux was impressed. The pause after every judgment to praise the Emperor for his wisdom in making peace got a bit tiring, as did every complaint that ended in that same supplication for the Emperor to share his wisdom, but this detailed account was just as familiar as reading any report on his datapad, ignoring the difference in tone and knowing that this had been penned so carefully on paper made from animal skin. Not recorded by a protocol droid or typed by an officer. And part of him was sad when he sent a message to Professor Mabun asking if there were any more court records only to receive a response that this court process of Emperor Ten was one of the few surviving records of such a thing. There were four in total, two of them under Emperor Ten, one under Empress Ungen, and one under the regency of Dowager Emperor Consort Qui for his infant son Yuna. Still, Professor Mabun sent them to him, and it became something of a pleasure of Hux’s to spend his moments of free time with a glass of ice wine and these records. Praise to the Wisdom of the Empress, our Great Magistrate and Mother, for in her great wisdom, she has spread peace across her lands! Praise to the Wisdom of the Dowager, for he has learned well the ways of peace from his late and much mourned wife! May he pass this Wisdom to his son, so that peace will be spread for all the people of our land! He certainly couldn’t claim to know the Eda Dynasty at all as well as Professor Mabun or even one of his students, but Hux had looked against the list of hundreds of monarchs of the Dynasty, finding where Ungen and Yuna lay in the line of succession compared to Ten. The difference in wording meant something, but he was missing the context and certainly didn’t have enough time to figure it out, not with Lord Kylo Ren of the famed Knights of Ren coming aboard his ship. Hux was honored that the Master of such an elite and intimidating order was coming to his ship, that Supreme Leader Snoke had sent his own apprentice to Hux’s ship, but it meant he would not have nearly as much time for his off-duty studies. Lord Kylo Ren was a disorderly disaster and Hux was going to go mad from having him around, he could just tell. Destruction followed in his wake, and there seemed no rhyme or reason to it. Something he would take in stride and simply nod and accept, but other things sent him into a destructive rage that destroyed everything around him without care as to what it was he was destroying and if anyone was injured around him. And occasionally those rages started with absolutely nothing setting them off. Hux hated him. Order had to be maintained above all else; order in one’s self, order in one’s command, order in one’s acceptance of command, order in one’s interactions, order in all things. That had been drilled into everyone aboard the Finalizer be it from conditioning as a Stormtrooper or from years of training at the Academy. Hux had learned it from the cradle, and so he forgave those officers who were not born from military families if they did not manage to keep perfectly with the creed of order, but with Kylo Ren, the man should know better! He trained under the hand of the Supreme Leader himself! The man should at least have order in himself! At least Ren didn’t seem to like him either, and tended to shut off his unstable lightsaber when Hux came to dress him down, if only to stalk away in a rush of dark clothing and despite the mask just giving off the bone deep impression that he was rolling his eyes at whatever Hux had to say. But at least it stopped destruction, and if the equipment was especially necessary it could make it easier to fix that much faster. So, when he got the urgent call from communications that Ren was destroying one of their main hub machines, he got to his feet, set down his datapad with the article written by one of Dr. Riil’s friends about the shift of artistic style towards valuing the soul over the body and how imperial portraits suffered for it under King of Kings Hanidar, and went to try and spare the Finalizer from going completely off the grid. That certainly wouldn’t do. “Ren!” he snapped when he got there, technicians waiting a fair ways down the hallway to try and patch up what they could. “Ren, do you want to make it impossible for us to send any messages to anyone whatsoever? ” The knight spun around at that, and Hux would have winced to see the depth of damage had he been anyone else. But neither man said anything a long while, while the lightsaber stayed on. And then finally, the voice modulator not quite flattening the tone, Ren said, “You’ve been dreaming of empires.” “What? Ren, I don’t think you understand, that device you were just hacking away at was what allows us to hail other crafts and–” “Those are treasonous thoughts, imagining an empire like that.” Hux fought the urge to roll his eyes. “I was called up here to deal with your… tantrum from where I was reading a scholarly article about the J’lean Empire of Yvinia which was sent to me by Dr. Evgeni Riil of Landan University on Yvinia. They’re a fascinating culture and if you could manage not to destroy an invaluable piece of equipment for five minutes so I could finish reading that article, I would be very grateful.” Ren cocked his head, and only then did he turn off his lightsaber. “Tell me about them.” “I am not going to bow to your demands, not after you may have cut us off from the fleet that we are the flagship of and– Ren! ” but the knight was walking past him. Not storming as he had in previous confrontations, but simply striding along as if nothing were wrong, as if he were not leaving a sparking mess behind him. Hux allowed himself a single moment to let out a sharp breath and pinch the bridge of his nose as though it could keep the headache away, before leaving the room and finding the technicians. “Go on, you might be able to patch it up enough for us to send a message that we may yet be offline.” Such a message was sent to every pertinent recipient, the messages refusing to send half the time as technicians worked tirelessly at patching up what they could to send them before shutting it down to fully fix it, formally saying that the Finalizer’s outgoing communication hub is not working at full power and any transmissions may not be sent in full or not sent at all but is expected to be fixed within two Standard days and informally saying Kylo Ren is at it again, we’re doing the best we can. By the time they received confirmation from all recipients that they would await confirmation of the Finalizer ’s communications to be fixed, Hux’s shift had begun and ended and he wanted nothing more than a glass of brandy and to sleep off the headache that Kylo Ren always seemed to create. He wasn’t even prone to headaches before the man had come aboard and that was yet another strike against him. But when he returned to his suite what he found was Kylo Ren, sitting and reading off his datapad. Hux prided himself on being a professional, on being an adult , but to see someone else reading off his personal datapad was enough to send a flare of anger through him, and it was only worse that it was Kylo Ren. “What are you doing?” he hissed, anger like ice coursing through him. “I’m reading about the J’leans. Interesting, but I don’t see why they should capture your interest,” said Ren so casually. “They’re absolutely ancient, nothing about them is pertinent to us.” “Us,” he repeated, stalking forward. “Us? Since when have you been anything near allied with anyone on this ship? There is no ‘ us. ’ In case you missed it, everyone on this ship is terrified of you, you destroyed our outgoing communications, all of them, and I don’t know if you’re aware of this, but everyone in the fleet has adopted an idea of ‘us vs. them’ when it comes to you and your damn knights. You’re obsessed with a man who died with the Old Empire and all you knights fight with weapons so outdated you’d be laughed at if you didn’t walk around choking people every chance you get!” He hadn’t gotten so furious once in the year that Ren had been onboard, but there was a first time for anything. And a last time, as well. He had a sneaking suspicion that they’d find his corpse here rotting by texts of a culture just as dead as he, Ren flippantly making some excuse as to why he had killed the ship’s commanding officer. But instead, he simply sat down the datapad and said, “You don’t like it when people touch your things.” “How is that what you got out of what I just said?” “Your thoughts are very loud, General. You want to get me angry so I’ll leave. You want me to leave you and your things alone. So I will leave. But someday, do tell me what about the J’leans caught your interest. I really do want to know.” And with that, he left, just as if he had never been there in the first place, and if Hux were any less professional than he was, he would throw something to vent his helpless anger. As it was, he simply took a pillow and screamed into it before calming himself down with reviewing the most recent reports that he had received before all communications were disabled while the hub was repaired. If there was anything wrong on the ship until those were working everything would go sideways and nothing could save them then. But, he supposed, that’s why Stormtroopers were trained to be such fast runners, they could be efficient enough messengers when they were called upon to be one. Kylo Ren had decided their dynamic was going to change, without Hux’s permission. It wasn’t much of a difference, most people didn’t notice any difference, but Hux did and he was frustrated beyond words about it. They were entirely out of touch with their fleet because someone said that those first patchwork jobs had managed to put too much stress on some system or another and the fix was bigger than expected. And with the slow manual delivery of datachips with reports, Hux found himself with more time he could have been doing something productive in but unable to because of Kylo Ren. The man was suddenly spending just that much more time nearby Hux and it was infuriating. It was stealing his calm and Hux found himself reading the court records of Emperor Ten over and over again, the repetitive language and the simpler problems than he had to deal with calming. 79 The twenty third complaint is heard as follows: “I am but a minor magistrate, but we have found that false witness was borne against a citizen in our courts of law. Reconciliation has long been made yet the law requires retaliation for such an act. I have no desire to stir up discord among my people where peace has reigned, and I appeal to you, as our Great Magistrate. Please imperial majesty, share your wisdom so that there may be peace in your land!” 85 The Great Magistrate, in his wisdom, makes judgment as follows: “A false witness must be cast off the Tarpein Rock into the riptides of the ocean, so have our ancestors decreed apt punishment, to leave to the elements their own tribunal and court. But if reconciliation has been made, then to do so will appease no one, and bereave those who may lose a friend to the ocean. Therefore, the wrongdoer shall not be thrown from the Tarpein Rock but from the Mundan Rock, into a mellower patch of waves. We shall honor our ancestors and their judgment, and we shall maintain peace as it has been made.” Praise to the Wisdom of the Emperor, our Great Magistrate, for in his wisdom, he has made peace in his land! Really, Hux wished the problems he had to solve were so simple. But wishing achieved nothing without action behind it, and since there was no way for him to become an Emperor in the Eda Dynasty, he resigned himself to dealing with an increasingly unbearable Lord Ren and constant messengers knocking at his door to deliver datachips. Incoming transmissions still worked, though, and while he was happy enough to receive a message from Dr. Riil (he was quite fond of their correspondence), the increasingly worried messages from all other corners of the First Order was far from good. They had no way to respond, not until the fix was done, but no one seemed that calm when they had been promised a mere two days. “What is the nearest First Order planet?” asked Hux on the bridge, pacing as he read hail after desperate hail from the rest of the fleet and from the collection of Generals that made up the governing body of the First Order under the Supreme Leader. They would be given up for dead soon, unless the found a way to assure the Order of their survival. Something more trustworthy than Ren’s mysticism. As soon as High Command was assured that they were alive and well and simply unable to make any contact, he was going to throttle Ren, no matter if he were Snoke’s favorite Knight and apprentice. “It would require us to double back,” replied the colonel tapping furiously at her station. “But we can reach Ni’k within three Standard days if we hurry. It would make us late for reaching the Pentoo System outpost, though.” “Better late than given up for dead,” decided Hux shortly. He would have to go onto the planet to send any communications, and if he played his cards right, he might even have time to visit Professor Mabun. “Set a course to Ni’k, as fast as possible.” “Yes, General.” It wasn’t as if the Pentoo System was even all that important. It was a backwater system that despite professed loyalty to the First Order had started to hum with mutterings against the Order. The simple presence of the flagship of the Order ought keep them in line. Pentoo IV had been the runner up in options for Starkiller base, still under construction and sending Hux continuous updates on progress (slow but promising, and right on schedule), but the discovery of a subterranean ocean had taken it out of consideration and the thought was that the system was angered that they had been so snubbed in offering one of their own planets. It was a sacrifice for any system to make, and Hux appreciated that. To remove one planet would change the balance of gravity for any outer system planets, and to offer one up wasn’t to be taken lightly. A year’s worth of work had gone into seeing what removing Pentoo IV would do to the system and they had discovered that despite the fact that every other planet would shift, it wouldn’t tidally lock any of them nor send them out of livable distance to their sun. So perhaps this dissent was to be expected. Turning around a ship the size of the Finalizer wasn’t an act that could be ignored, as it required nearly every division on board to manage the feat. Engineers had to work on the engines, navigators had to make certain that they turned only to their new coordinates, on and on to where despite that there was no feeling in the ship turning it was impossible to miss. “You’ve turned the ship around,” said Ren unnecessarily when he appeared yet again at Hux’s door. “Yes good evening, Ren, a pleasure to see you too,” said Hux dryly, but waved him into the sitting room that made the front room of his suite, knowing an argument was coming and not wanting to have it in the middle of the hallway. “Why have you turned it around? You need to be in the Pentoo System soon, and I have business on–” “Ren I don’t care about your business, whatever it is or wherever you’re having it. If we don’t manage to get outward communications working again and soon , we are going to be given up for dead. We have to return to Ni’k because we need to get onto the planet and make contact because you destroyed our outgoing communications hub.” “If your technicians didn’t put stress on the system in those patches, this problem wouldn’t be happening.” If Hux were as petty as Ren, he would throw something at the man. “The problem is not the technicians! The problem is that you broke it! ” Silence lasted a long time, and Hux began to wonder if he had finally gotten through to Ren. But the silence went on for too long, and was broken when Ren suddenly gave a full bodied start and said, “I need a cruiser.” Hux didn’t even know how to respond to that. “I know you don’t believe in the Force or Force bonds for that matter, but I’ve just had word from one of my Knights about a pressing issue and I need to be there.” “And where is ‘there?’” asked Hux coldly, but he didn’t actually care that much. “Not for you to know. It’s the mysticism you so despise. I should think you would be grateful to be rid of me.” “Oh I am. Go then, take a cruiser, get off the ship and avoid answering to your mistakes, be my guest.” “When you finally get back to the Pentoo System I will meet you there.” And with that, Ren was gone, and Hux let out a long, slow, deliberate breath. Professor Mabun had warned him that what approximated as water on Ni’k caused nasty reactions in humans if fermented into alcohol, but he was tempted to buy it anyway and just drink until he completely forgot Ren even existed. It shouldn’t take more than half a bottle, really, if he was able to find anyone willing to sell him any. It may have been Ren's absence that improved the work around the ship, giving some sort of ease, to the point where Ni’k was reached in just under three Standard days, and dawn was just breaking over the capital city of Ileen. A shuttle was dispatched to make planetfall with most of the senior command staff. With Ren long gone (and what a breath of relief had spread through the ship at that), there was no danger in leaving a Lieutenant Colonel in charge, and Hux was the first off the transport. And so began the nightmare of contacting everyone who had panicked and asked after them, assuring everyone of survival and calling off what might have been a truly touching memoriam ceremony honoring the brave souls who had been swallowed up by the dark emptiness of space. A few of his officers might have even appreciated the posthumous promotions, if they were allowed to keep them once they miraculously came back to life. Nowhere for Hux to go though, promotion wise, so everyone else would have to do with their same stations. High Command kept their stony faces in the holocall, but there had been an expression of something near relief that their flagship and best General hadn’t been lost. Hux was well liked and respected, in the Order and it’s planets as the youngest General in living memory (the Clone Wars had younger generals, but they were only promoted out of desperation, not merit), and to see him die would have been quite the blow. He might have been a poster boy, were there not such a thing as models. “Now that we’ve made planetfall here on Ni’k we fully expect to have all communications working at full capacity within the day,” said Hux smartly. “Following return to normal function we will continue on to the Pentoo System as originally planned.” “Very good,” said General Delan, her voice clipped and professional. “Report when you have entered the Pentoo system.” Hux nodded, and the transmission was cut off, leaving him with a few hours of unplanned shore leave, or so a short message from General Delan told him. That must be her reward for not dying, he thought. Still, Professor Mabun had told him that his door was always open, and why not go see him? Ileen’s Aman University was attached to the Aman Museum, and the joint building wasn’t too far away. Passing along the notice that all officers planetside had four hours of shore leave, Hux took a transport to the University. He knew he cut an odd figure, in full uniform walking through the halls of the University, and he didn’t blame the students for staring after him even as he thought that such blatant staring would never have happened at the Academy. But these people were not cadets for a reason, and High Command (and supposedly Snoke, but the Supreme Leader didn’t much talk to the Order’s citizens) prided itself that despite being a military state held together in the desperation of a vacuum of power left by an empire, they could still be civilized, and no matter the huge number of children sent to military school, there were still those who were interested in softer arts. Besides, he thought, knocking on the door neatly labelled to be Professor Mabun’s office, he was here for the same reasons they were, anyway. “General!” greeted Professor Mabun when he opened the door, beetle black eyes growing larger to see him. “I didn’t expect to see you so soon!” “It’s a bit of a long story, but I have a few hours shore leave and I was wondering if you had time to talk,” said Hux smoothly. “Of course, I’ve a staff meeting for the museum side of things in a few hours, and I’ve only just closed up my office hours for my students. Come, sit down, I’m very interested to see what you thought of the documents I sent you.” Hux liked Professor Mabun, the man was incredibly intelligent and wasn’t cowed before a General. If anything, he treated Hux like he would any other student of his, and Hux respected that. They talked about the ancient court proceedings and a bit about the poetry, before Hux finally said, “Professor, every society you’ve mentioned has crumbled and fallen. The Eda Dynasty, the planetary council fell to the Chancellor of Ni’k even.” “Such is the danger of time,” said Professor Mabun wisely, nodding his head, those beetle black eyes not leaving Hux’s face. “There was a philosopher, around the time of the fall of the Eda Dynasty. He wrote quite a stirring poem about the concept. I won’t bore you with it, but is most often quoted ‘Time, glutinous in all things, you destroy everything by your teeth, a slow rotting death.’” “Very optimistic,” said Hux dryly, rewarded by Professor Mabun’s snorting laugh. “If you are here to ask how the First Order may survive forever, I’m afraid I cannot help you. I deal with the past, General, the ancient times no one else deigns remember, I cannot tell the future.” “I am not asking for the First Order,” he said, and was entirely honest in that. “I am asking what contributed to the fall of those systems of government. The Eda Dynasty was so powerful, why should it have fallen so suddenly under Emperor T’um?” “It wasn’t a sudden fall, General. The final blow was simply dealt under Emperor T’um.” And so he began to speak, talking about how the Eda Dynasty fell under the belief that they were so mighty nothing could touch them. How their imperial family became more corrupt within itself, how their government of scholar-nobles became too great with people passing civil service exams each year and filling the bureaucracy to overflowing. How the imperial family got to be too inbred, with precious few people on the planet who were of status to marry an Imperial Prince or Princess and who were not seated on the planetary council. T’um suffered from the genetics of too many married cousins, it seemed. “Such in the danger of an imperial regime,” said Professor Mabun. “The former Galactic Empire, if you will forgive me saying this, would have collapsed anyway, with or without the New Republic’s Rebel Alliance.” “I see no shame in a historian speaking of history. But I understand what you mean. When Emperor Palpatine died, who would have inherited? He had no set heir, unless he meant to pass the imperial title to Darth Vader.” “Ah, but Darth Vader was a military man, and Palpatine took power directly from the Old Republic in an accepted shift of power. Darth Vader never had a seat on the old Senate and he never concerned himself with imperial politics either.” “The people would have seen it as a military coup. The Empire would grow weak and unstable, even if Darth Vader’s son had joined them. If they didn’t rise up against Vader, they would have risen up against Skywalker, whether or not there was an attack from the Alliance. The Empire would crumble to chaos no matter what. And if they tried to frighten people into obedience with the Death Star they would have run out of planets they had any hold over.” “Exactly. If you start killing people to make an example of them, you end up ordering your last soldier to slit his own throat to be an example to himself. You’ve learned your history well. Shame you went into the military, we could have used a Professor Hux at our university.” “I’m afraid I didn’t have much choice in my profession.” Professor Mabun sighed. “Such is the danger when military fathers want their sons to follow in their footsteps. There is too much pride in the military, too many men thinking themselves great when they ought to leave it to their peers to decide.” “Empress Valinor said something along those lines.” “So you’ve been reading!” there was pleased appreciation in Professor Mabun’s regard, and Hux smiled back, sipping at the orange liquid that passed for an approximation of water on the planet. Inside, he was considering Starkiller, and part of him quaked to reconcile his ultimate weapon with the fate Professor Mabun had drawn out in front of him. Still, his visit with the Professor was enjoyable, until the man had to prepare for the museum’s staff meeting and Hux himself had to get back to the Finalizer. And if he terrified some poor student as he walked through one of the common areas where the boy was reading some magazine rather than working on coursework, then that was his contribution to the university. The Pentoo System came into view of the bridge five days later, the dissenting back corner system due for a good while of having the flagship of the navy paying a visit. But the relief didn’t come from seeing their assignment or from having the approval of High Command to simply weave around the planets, it came from having a week of smooth work without their troublesome Knight of Ren aboard. Hux was actually getting sleep and had time to read what Professor Mabun had given him about the fall of the Eda Dynasty and the last desperate reforms (The T’um Restoration, as it was called in the academic journals. Quite a misnomer, really, since it had failed to last beyond his death), as well as send a response to Dr. Riil inquiring as to a detail mentioned offhand in multiple J’lean texts, a phrase repeated at the end of plenty speeches and carved into a few monuments. And then on the bridge one day, he heard it. “Sir, Upsilon Class shuttle is approaching. Kylo Ren is aboard, as well as a being he has not mentioned but our scanners are picking up.” The whole bridge went tense at that, and Hux could already feel one of those headaches coming back. “Allow landing, Lieutenant, I will welcome Lord Ren back aboard. Major, you have the bridge.” “Yes sir.” He should have known there would be no escaping the man, but Hux had hoped that he might have a few more days of peace. But, wishing served no purpose, and when he reached the landing bay, a message had been sent through the ranks that all those of appropriate rank not on duty were to come welcome Kylo Ren back. No one wanted to, really, but he was Snoke’s apprentice and they had to give him his due, lest it get back to the Supreme Leader. The door to the shuttle opened and from it came Ren with his usual loping stomp of a gait, and behind him came another figure, swathed in the same robes and with its own helmet. This one walked with an odd lightness of foot, but was no less intimidating. In its hand was a long staff, and it handled it so easily. A collective breath was drawn to see it. Another Knight of Ren was aboard the Finalizer. “Kylo Ren, welcome back,” said Hux, tone clipped. He didn’t want Ren back and would let him know that. “Thank you General,” he intoned. “Your business was well sorted, I hope?” “Indeed it was. This is Khee Ren, she was the one who called for my aid.” “A pleasure to meet you, General, the Knights of Ren have heard much about our master’s co-commander.” Her voice was just as modulated as her master’s, and Hux wondered, slightly, if such helmets were necessary for every Knight of Ren and if so who had made that mandatory, Kylo or Snoke? “How long will you be staying with us…Lady Ren?” asked Hux. That was the question that kept those assembled in suspense, breath held. Khee Ren, for her part, merely nodded swiftly at the title, accepting its use before saying, “Not long at all. A few days at most.” “Then welcome aboard the Finalizer, Lady Ren.” “Are there rooms where I can stay, General?” “I will look into it.” “In the meantime, you will come with me, Khee,” said Kylo. She nodded, and the two swept off together. Hux turned to the hastily assembled group of officers and saw beneath their professional facades no small amount of fear. Kylo Ren was a force of destruction and disorder unto himself, and they had never dealt with any other Knight. Khee Ren may yet be just as dangerous and no one knew how to handle her. “About your duties,” he merely said, just as resigned to double the destruction brought about by Khee Ren right beside Kylo. To make matters worse, with both of them here, he might actually have to call Kylo by his name . A few days, when said by the only other Knight of Ren he knew, meant something closer to a week. And that seemed to be worse in Khee Ren, despite it all. The Lord and Lady Ren were almost always together, murmuring to each other as they stood at viewports, staring into the darkness, the modulators in their helmets making it hard to understand over static. There was not a free set of rooms, and so Lady Ren simply said, “I’ll live with my master then.” Having the two Knights confined to the same rooms actually eased people, knowing that they simply had to take care around that suite rather than fearing two opposite ends of the ship. Lady Ren also didn’t actively aggravate any officers, merely let them go about their work and watched from a distance. But her presence on the bridge certainly didn’t ease them at all. Lord Ren at least made noise, talked and questioned authority and so on, but the Lady kept silent and just stared at them all. She’d stand there for two shifts straight, just watching, and Hux was beginning to dislike her just as much as her master. The only way she was better than her master (and this was debatable) was that instead of taking her weapon (and it was frightening, a long staff crackling with electricity when she powered it up) and destroying things in her rage, Lady Ren would just scream. It always started quietly, little pops of sound, like a distressed puppy calling for its mother. After that it went to noises like she was warming up her voice, and that was all the warning anyone got because moments later she would start screaming, starting unbearably high and somehow pitching even higher, the modulator in her helmet transforming it into a hellish soundscape that only her master could stop. He always arrived soon after the screaming began, and took her arm, pulling her out of the room to calm her down. However he managed, no one knew. For that matter, no one knew what set her off. But it was rare enough that she should get to screaming, what with Lord Ren almost always at her side. Soon as the Lady started making those little pops, her Lord brought her away. Hux felt a sort of relief that Lord Ren finally had to deal with someone doing exactly what he always did, but the petty revenge was grudgingly colored with respect that someone could make that screaming stop. Except Lady Ren had been watching the navigation officers working to make certain that in a pass by Pentoo III they could enter orbit smoothly one day when she had begun to scream, and the screen had actually blown up as if a hammer had struck it, and the officer had to go to medbay to get the shard of glass removed from his forehead. That, Hux would never stand for. Even Lord Ren had learned that to actually hurt any of Hux’s officers was never tolerated, and though he still did it, he received a very long lecture from Hux that managed to protect his officers for quite a long while afterwards. Knight of Ren be damned, Khee Ren had injured one of his officers and if the master got a tongue lashing about it, then the disciple would get one too. So Hux stormed to the rooms the Knights shared at the end of his shift (because unlike two others he could name, he was professional , and didn’t abandon his post), ready to give the Lady Ren a lecture she’d not soon forget. Lord Ren knew what to expect, Hux would storm in, overriding his passcode and proceed to lecture him with all the passion he could. He would not tolerate a Knight of Ren to go around killing or hurting officers who had been doing perfectly well at their jobs just because someone threw a tantrum. And yet, when Hux did just that, the Knight was standing in front of the door, barring entry. “Ren, I am in no mood to deal with you. Your Knight injured one of my officers, I won’t stand for it,” snapped Hux. But he didn’t try and muscle past the man, merely stared him down. “I know full well your opinions on the Force, General,” said Ren, the modulator masking most of the tone of his speech though he sounded somewhat patient, of all things. “But Khee is facing her Trial of Meditation and it makes her vulnerable to Force visions. She’s always been prone to them, and something about orbiting Pentoo Three on this ship sent her one. And with this Trial, she is not in full control.” “She injured an officer!” “I’ve done far worse in my time on board.” “Yes, and that itself is a problem. I am not foolish enough to try and hurt your Knight, Ren, I merely want to inform her that I will not tolerate abuse to my officers because you two are throwing tantrums.” “You don’t know what you’re talking about, Hux.” “Let me speak to her.” “She’s sleeping.” “Then I will wait. ” There was a thread of protectiveness in Ren’s voice, Hux realized, he had heard it in Phasma’s voice whenever anyone insulted her ‘troopers. But still, he moved aside to allow Hux entry into the sparse front room. They had faced off here before, snapping back and forth when Hux gave him a tongue lashing and the Knight fought back. And despite that Lady Ren resided there too now, there was very little different. Her helmet sat on a table and a cloak was lying beside it, but nothing else was changed. And it was these things that Ren gathered before going to the bedroom, closing the door behind him in a way that dared Hux to try and invade that space. Not that Hux had any desire to see Ren’s sleeping quarters. Instead, he sat in the single chair, staring down the door and waiting for Lady Ren to emerge. It wasn’t as if he didn’t believe in the Force. He had seen Ren use it to interrogate prisoners, to shove people out of his way, to choke them just enough to fear him, had snapped the neck of a ‘Trooper Phasma had said was beyond the aid of reeducation from clean across the ship once. But it was the mystic side of things he didn’t quite hold with. Visions, bonds, communication across star systems using only one’s mind, those were stories for children. And that Lady Ren supposedly suffered visions enough to scream and destroy a screen and injure an officer made Hux plenty suspicious. It seemed like a feeble excuse that depended on the listener being humbled by the idea of a Force user, and Hux was anything but. And then from the bedroom he heard short distressed noises, like the ones that led up to Khee’s screams and braced himself, only to hear actual words. It was Kylo’s voice, but without the modulator, he could recognize the general shape of it. And how strange it was. It was…oddly soft. “You were sleeping, not meditating, I promise. I swear to you on anything you want, you weren’t meditating, only sleeping.” The only answer was a little wail, an awful precursor to the screams. Khee wasn’t wearing her helmet either, it seemed. “Look at me, look at me. You’re not addicted, alright? You’re not addicted. He’s not going to punish you or take it away because you’re not addicted. I know, I’ve seen it when someone is addicted, and you aren’t.” “You promise?” asked Khee. Her voice was softer without the modulator making the very sound of it cruel. Neither of them were overly soft people , the murder on battlefields spoke to that, but to hear their own natural voices, it broke the façade of cruel scourge that Snoke wielded. They were people. Whatever was under those helmets aside, they were made frightfully human in that moment, and Hux began to wish he had never come. “Of course. I promise. You trust me, don’t you?” “Always.” “Then trust me when I say you aren’t addicted. You’re strong, I saw you pass your Trial of Water, if you can resist becoming addicted to water, you can resist this.” “…It’s hard.” “I know, I know it is. I struggle with it too. But we can’t become addicted to meditation any more than we can anything else.” “You must only struggle with meditation. If you’ve lived here so long, surely you aren’t even addicted to time and schedule!” “It’s addiction to sleep and meditation I struggle most with. You’re stronger than me, Khee, you do better than I did with sleep.” “Nova’s the best with addiction to sleep.” “But she’s not as good as you are with addiction to food. You’ve conquered hunger and thirst, what’s the mind compared to a body that gets addicted too easily?” “It’s just a matter of strength.” “And you’ve plenty of that, I promise.” There was an awful knot in Hux’s stomach to hear this conversation, to hear them talking about something so horrible. To hear that awful… pride in Kylo’s voice. He was proud of Khee, proud of how she overcame the most horrifying of tasks, and counseled her in a Trial that he still struggled with. She had been near screaming for fear that someone would punish her for meditating, and he talked her down by assuring her of her strength in the face of hunger and thirst. Hux felt sick, and he wanted to have never known such things about the training of the Knights of Ren. People died for denying themselves food, and Kylo was praising it? Still, he kept his face straight and professional as he heard Kylo say, “The General’s here. He’s going to lecture you about when you started screaming on the bridge. Part of the screen you cracked hit an officer, they had to go to medbay. Hux is very protective of his officers.” “Can’t you wipe his memory of the event? I want to go practice with my staff.” “No. Go face him, it’s not that bad, not like when Master’s angry.” A few moments later, the two knights emerged, fully masked, and Hux raised a brow at Khee. “I hear you have a complaint for me?” asked Khee, tone flat and the modulator making her voice crueler than it was alone. It didn’t sound like she had been scared that sleeping might count as meditation not a few minutes previous. “Lady Ren,” said Hux, rising from his seat, “your tantrum on the bridge today injured one of my navigations officers. Despite being one of the Supreme Leader’s lesser apprentices, you cannot go around injuring those around you simply because you cannot control yourself.” It was the same lecture he gave Kylo so often, and he could just feel from Khee that same aura of disinterest and disregard the longer he lectured her. “A pretty speech, General. I assure you, I shall endeavor to spare your fragile officers in the future. If you will excuse me,” said Khee, taking her staff and sweeping out of the room. Her disregard, her insult towards the loyal men and women who served the Order, it made Hux angry, and it was understandable to snap when Kylo said so simply, “You’re angry.” “Of course I’m angry! Your Knight not only injured one of my officers, she insults them too!” “Not about that. You’re angry about Khee’s dismissiveness, yes, but this is different.” Whatever Kylo wanted to find in his mind, Hux made certain to chastise him the whole time with his thoughts while the Knight brushed the edges of his mind. “You heard Khee and I talk.” “I didn’t try to listen in.” “I can tell that. You once held respect for the Knights of Ren. You’ve been known to actually praise us as a group for how well we do in battle. We have trained many years to become such, I hope that one of us wavering in one of the most difficult Trials will not destroy that respect.” “Ren, you and your knights starve yourselves! Most people call that an eating disorder. People die from it!” “The Supreme Leader has outlined our training, we have to avoid addiction to anything. We cannot become dependent.” “To sustenance? Kylo, it’s impossible to be addicted to water, you know that right? You cannot possibly become addicted to sleep, either.” “You are as sensitive to the Force as this ship is, Hux. Don’t speak of what you don’t know.” “Arkanis University did a study on starvation, Kylo,” said Hux sharply. They had learned of it in the Academy, he had written a massive paper on it. It had been jarring enough to read that it tended to stick with those who learned of it. “It was conducted on volunteers, to see what starvation did to someone. They were evaluated every day to avoid permanent damage, and the results were sound. Those results are what the nutrition amounts in ration bars are calculated on.” “I don’t see what–” “Starvation cannot serve your Knights, Kylo, I hope you know that. Khee and the others, all you’re doing is hurting them. Starvation takes away muscle mass and bone density, it causes depression, hysteria, and hypochondriasis, there is a decrease in comprehension, concentration, and general understanding–Kylo, one of those participants cut off three of his own fingers with an axe and when he was asked he couldn’t say if it was on purpose or not! Do you want Khee to cut off her own fingers? It took twenty weeks to recover from the starvation period, and that was with complete rest in a hospital setting. From what I’ve seen of you and what little I have of Khee, I doubt you took any time to recover from your trial of food. And you know women are more likely to fall prey to eating disorders, do you really want to be encouraging Khee?” “Careful Hux,” said Kylo, but his voice was quiet, barely heard at all. “You’re questioning the Supreme Leader’s judgment of our training.” “I’m questioning your application of his judgment. The Knights of Ren are loyal to you, everyone knows this. They follow your example in all things, if what I’ve seen with Khee is to be believed. Kylo, if you praise self starvation, what is that going to tell those that follow you? You approve of denying yourself literally everything, you’re going to get yourself killed in some attempt to not get addicted to your own senses next!” Kylo went stiff at that, and Hux’s eyes widened. “No, you don’t mean to tell me that you think you can get addicted to sight?” “The final stage of training. We reside with Snoke as he prevents us from using our smell, then our taste, then our touch, then our hearing, and then our sight. The Trial of Senses. We must prove that we are not addicted to anything, and we must prove that we trust him to take care of us while we are deprived.” “For how long?” “As long as it takes.” “Kylo! Sensory deprivation for an extended amount of time is a form of torture! It isn’t a way to prove your strength!” “We are not as pitiful as you, Hux, we can use the Force to maintain contact with the world.” “How do you know you can? You’ve never had your senses taken from you, how are you to know if you can do that?” “I trust my master!” snapped Kylo, fists clenching. “When he tells you to deprive yourself of sleep, food, water, all forms of perception? Is that why you’ve destroyed so many things around my ship? Starvation made that one man chop off his fingers, is it making you destroy our outgoing communications to where High Command starts to think we’re dead? ” “They thought you dead?” the question was surprisingly soft, as if he didn’t know to what extent his damage had gone. “We promised two days before outgoing communications would work and it took so long they were planning a day of mourning, Kylo. Answer my question, have you been starving yourself and is that why you destroy my ship?” “No, I passed my Trial of Food long ago, I must only practice moderation in eating now. It’s only meditation I struggle with now, the same Trial Khee is undergoing. I already proved I’m not addicted to it, Khee is still proving that. Lack of meditation means the Force runs through us without regulation. The Force is more powerful than you can imagine, and sometimes it gets too much. When Khee is struck with it, she screams.” “And you break things.” “I release the energies building up in me. If your ship is victim, it’s only because I’ve nowhere else to direct them. Meditation is too easy to get addicted to, we must always be careful of how much we make use of it.” “Surely you realize no part of that is healthy. At all. You’re going to run yourself into the ground or get yourself killed one of these days, you know that, don’t you, Kylo?” “This is the first time you’ve ever said my name, not just my rank.” That was true, and Hux immediately realized he didn’t want to know why that changed. “There are two of you now,” he said instead. “I can hardly call you both Ren.” “Khee isn’t here either. And you kept calling her by her name too.” A fair enough point. She had been Lady Ren to him, he hadn’t thought of her any other way, but now suddenly she was Khee. And Hux was almost afraid to think of why it might be the case. (He knew. It was because they had been made human for him. Had he not heard Khee’s distress and Kylo’s counsel, he could have gone without ever thinking of them as anything but Knights of Ren, not as people.) “You’re a curious man, Hux,” said Kylo. “You’re the Order’s youngest General and you’re an exemplary military man, but you dream of empires so long dead that the only people who bother remembering them are academics who live on the very planet they were from. You hate me, but you’ve been known to praise the Knights on the battlefield and now you’ve counseled me to reject my master’s teachings so as to keep my Knights from fates you fear. What sort of man are you?” “One who has had enough of you and your mysticism and your disregard for the wellbeing of yourself and those around you. I came to warn Kh-your Knight off of hurting my officers in the future, not this. Good day, Ren. At least think a little bit about what I’ve told you.” Hux certainly did not retreat, he simply…had better things to do with his time and refused to spend any more time than he had to with Kylo. With Ren. Thinking of him as Kylo was heading into territory he didn’t really want to visit, and anyway Dr. Riil had sent him a whole book about the oratory traditions of the J’leans, from public poetry and theater competitions to the treatise written on the education of children so that they would be well rounded (debate and poetry composition were the first two mentioned, apparently) and he would really rather read about a millennia dead senate’s endless debates and speeches than deal with either of the Knights of Ren. If Kylo had decided their relationship was to change before, it was only worse now. It was a relief when Khee left, meeting with the Supreme Leader before demanding a cruiser to go off on some quest or mission of a sort. Honestly, Hux wondered, what did the Knights of Ren even do? With Khee and her screams finally off the ship, there was a slight relaxation. Even Hux found himself with slightly less tension in his shoulders. But with Khee gone, that slack was taken up by Kylo, much to Hux’s dismay. At least now when he snapped at Kylo for slashing at the walls he knew why the man did it, and lectured him endlessly about meditating so as to spare the ship. And then one day, Kylo approached him as he was walking to a holomeeting with High Command and said simply, “Dr. Ancel didn’t think to replicate results, no scientific study is accepted unless the results can be replicated.” “I am not having this discussion right now,” said Hux, not pausing in his stride. “Meet me at my quarters at the end of this shift, I need something to drink if I’m going to discuss the Arkanis Starvation Experiment with someone who thinks it possible to get addicted to food.” Soon as he said it, he regretted it, inviting Kylo into his own space. But too late now, he’d just have to deal with it. So long as Kylo didn’t think this was an open invitation, then it should be fine. High Command wanted a report on the progress of Starkiller, and General Yhen was questioning, as usual, the ability of the base’s ability to actually keep personnel alive while the planet was travelling from one star to the next. “You may be able to use the force of orbit and the firing of the weapon to slingshot yourself to the next star, but the distance is too great,” General Yhen was saying. He had always pointed out the vast distance of space and refused to let anyone else forget it. Understandable, the man had nearly died in between star systems once when the hyperdrive broke and the alternative was to travel at normal speed for eighty two thousand years. It had taken a long time before they had been rescued, a third of personnel had died of thirst and more were faltering of hunger. He looked it too, old from staying planetside while everyone else managed to maintain their youth simply by virtue of hyperspeed travel. “I assure you, General, Starkiller would not have been approved if the plan was not sound,” said Hux, as he had every single time Yhen had stirred up distrust of the base. “A planet cannot enter hyperspeed as it would need to.” “General, Starkiller is already orbiting QC-009,” said General Delan mildly. “If it could travel from the Vinch System to QC-009, then surely it could make its way to QC-008.” General Yhen looked displeased by it, but said nothing, folding his lips and listening as Hux read out the most recent reports. The Oscillator was finished and with it the last of the mechanism, now only the command station, barracks, and other necessities for living were to be built. “The Oscillator is reinforced by six feet of steel,” said Hux. “This should withstand any friendly or foreign fire.” “You’ve learned from the failure of the Death Star in these plans,” commented General Sen. “We may build on the strength of our ancestors, but we aren’t to make the same mistakes as they did. Now that the mechanism is finished, we will begin building more permanent residency areas and command at once.” “Very good. The forecast for completion?” “Nine months. Less, if Hard Winter doesn’t impede progress.” “Very good,” said General Delan. “Now, General Yhen, the civilians.” “A few of the Knights of Ren have been traversing through more populated space,” said General Yhen, beginning his own presentation. “Seeing them helps banish doubt as to Supreme Leader’s involvement in our Order.” Hux listened, knowing it wasn’t his place to say anything at all, since Yhen was the member of High Command who was foremost in governance of the people as Hux was of the Navy and Starkiller base. But he itched to say what he knew through his acquaintanceships with Dr. Riil and Professor Mabun, to say that despite respect for the First Order, the people didn’t want a military state. They wanted the old ways back, the stability of an Empire with a central figure who actually was visible to the populace, not a shadowy figure who barely spoke to even High Command, let alone the people. “Speaking of the Knights of Ren, their leader was the one who knocked you off the grid so long, wasn’t he, General Hux?” asked General Sen, a corner of amusement in his face, far from visible but for those who knew how to read each other’s faces so well. “Indeed he was,” said Hux shortly. “He seems volatile beyond all else,” said General Xiu. “I must say I am impressed that you keep him in line as well as you do, General. Were he among my command I doubt I could do so well as you.” Xiu was blunt, and Hux respected that. He didn’t dig at someone else and didn’t hide his meanings, if he was impressed he simply said so. And where he would look for treachery or insult in anyone else should they say such things, Hux merely nodded and accepted the compliment for what it was. “I hope you do manage to keep the man in line,” said General Delan. “It would be quite embarrassing if the Order mourns you only to have you emerge from death. Now, Generals, this concludes this session of High Command. Hail to the Order and Hail to the Supreme Leader.” “Hail,” echoed the rest, and with the formal salute, they all disconnected, leaving each alone. The meeting had run long, and Hux was free for the rest of this shift before he was to meet to review budget for maintaining the Finalizer, a narrow budget made narrower with such funds poured into Starkiller. Normally he would ignore that and work anyway, but he had, for a reason he didn’t quite understand himself, invited Kylo to talk of the Arkanis Starvation Experiment. Maker, he needed a drink. Kylo was, of course, already inside his front room when Hux arrived, but he held up a hand and said, “Not a word out of you until I have a drink in my hand.” “Is speaking to me so abhorrent?” asked Kylo, his tone hatefully amused. “This whole situation is something out of a surrealist play and I’ve never had a taste for those,” corrected Hux as he poured himself a generous helping of brandy. “Now a theater critic as well as a historian?” Hux said nothing, merely sat down across from him and gestured with the brandy for Kylo to begin. “Dr. Ancel didn’t replicate his results. I may not be among the scientific world but even I know that a study is not accepted unless the results can be replicated.” “Are you familiar with psychological studies of any kind? The mind of a human alone is so complex and so constantly changing that to try and make them all line up like a simple chemical reaction is impossible. Add in the mind of any other sentient, it would be impossible to try and recreate the Starvation Experiment and get the exact same results.” “It was a study to develop A-Rations,” said Kylo, his tone sharp in that accusatory way that Hux was learning meant that Kylo was angry that he didn’t quite know everything and that someone was smarter than him. “Have you read the original study? Yes it is called ‘The Biology of Starvation’ but it delves into the psychological impact as well. This wasn’t to see how to bring someone back from the brink of death, that’s a different sort of study. This was to see how extended famine affects sentients and how to bring them back to full health. That’s the risk. Helping one person who nearly died of starvation is hard enough, but keeping large groups alive and bringing them back to health after cut rations or famine, it’s harder. A-Rations were what kept those of the Challenger stay alive. They were cutting rations to the smallest degree before rescue came, and those who didn’t die of thirst were staying alive and moderately healthy only through A-Rations.” “The Challenger, that was under General Yhen. The one who was caught between star systems with a broken hyperdrive.” “So you do bother to learn First Order history. Here I thought you spent all your time trying to prove you can’t get addicted to basic principles of life when you aren’t destroying my ship.” “When I passed my Trial of Food, I did not suffer what those experimented upon in the Arkanis Starvation Experiment did,” said Kylo, ignoring the tired dig Hux made towards him. The rest of the shift passed with what actually managed to be something near pleasant discussion, in it’s own way. It felt something like what talking to Professor Mabun or Dr. Riil felt like, but he had become the teacher and not the taught. Kylo was actually very intelligent, and as they discussed Dr. Ancel’s experiment and what it meant for the Order and to a lesser extent the Knights of Ren, Hux found himself in the strange position of actually enjoying his time spent with Kylo. And perhaps a bit worried that the man seemed so sure that his own “trial” had been proof of his own strength if he hadn’t fallen prey to what had happened to those participants. He was beginning to realize that this worry reached also to the man’s destructive tendencies. If meditation was so necessary to keep the Force in check, perhaps he was right to worry. A ping sounded from Hux’s datapad, a reminder that he had a budget meeting, and so he stood, Kylo mirroring him in the motion. “This has been…oddly enjoyable,” said Hux. “But I have to go.” “I won’t keep you. But I meant what I said before, you know.” He must have been at the back of Hux’s mind again, because he knew full well his confusion didn’t show to prompt Kylo to clarify, “I do want to know what about the J’lean Empire interests you so much.” And with that, he left. Hux shook his head, staring at the empty space Kylo had occupied seconds before. The Knight was stranger and stranger with each interaction. Still, he had a budget to manage, and he began to think about shrinking the damages allowance in their budget, forcing Kylo to reign himself in, and possibly encouraging him to actually meditate. If he did that, then the Finalizer would be spared more wounds, at least. Hopefully. Chapter 2 Notes: I'm gonna be honest 100% of what I know about earth science comes from freshman year of high school so expect layman's terms and a lot of handwaving. High Command approved their return to Starkiller Base, and they were grateful for that, having something productive to do rather than simply intimidate a system into calmness. And when the familiar icy planet finally appeared before them, it was a relief, of sorts. There was no permanent housing on the planet, not beyond what was necessary for those building the weapon, so even those who went to the planet had to come back up at the end of the day to the Finalizer. Hux spent the better part of his days planetside, listening to reports and actually seeing what he had only read about before. But as the transports carried him from one piece of major equipment to the next, his most recent talk with Professor Mabun rose up in his mind, refusing to leave him alone. If Professor Mabun was right (and why wouldn’t he be? He had at least four different Dynasties to study) then by the end of this, Hux might be slitting his own throat to prove an example to….who? If Starkiller killed off whole systems of opponents, then by the end all that would be left might just be Starkiller. Alone in a galaxy missing half its stars. And if that came to pass, if he were the only general of High Command left, would he turn on his own people? Kill them to make examples? They were coming up on the Oscillator now, and Hux was thinking of how awful it would be to be the only living thing in the galaxy, to kill everyone and everything around him. Despite the nature of his thoughts, Hux still paid close attention as the intricate balance the Oscillator managed was explained to him. Despite the fact that they had a whole planet, there wasn’t enough room for two separate Oscillators, which may have been the safer option, the engineers muttered. As it was, the Oscillator needed such thick shielding for if any damage came to the mechanism while the sun was held in the core of the planet, it would be unable to manage the fusion and the explosion would force it to be reconstituted as a star, destroying the planet in the process. “And would two Oscillators have solved the problem?” asked Hux, walking with the small flock of engineers behind him across the long walkway stretched across the deadly drop beneath them. There was hot air rising from below, a whisper of the molten rock and metal below the planet’s unreasonably thick crust, and Hux had to actively decide not to be intimidated or frightened by the sheer impossible heat that he should be able to feel it as it rose up and filled the pit below with steam as water was rushed through the mechanism to keep it cool. “Two Oscillators would have shared the load and not need such shielding,” said one of the engineers, a man called Quinn. “But if one were to fail, the other would only be able to pick up so much of the slack. There would have been a time frame with which to fix the issue, whereas this one, should it fail, would give us only a half hour to evacuate the planet.” A grim thought. Hux folded his lips, and began to worry. No, he told himself, listening to more grim tidings as to why the Oscillator had to be so closely monitored. No, there was no reason to worry. These engineers were the best the Order had to offer, they wouldn’t be on the base if they weren’t. These men and women would protect Starkiller base from this rather alarming weakness, they were already prepared for any eventuality. But still, to hear that constant care had to be taken that the planet wouldn’t evolve to utilize the Oscillator’s penetrating mechanism like a sort of volcanic shaft, that care had to be taken that to drill in like this didn’t cause some sort of fault line and thus earthquakes that would damage the Oscillator and a thousand other cares and precautions, it wasn’t reassuring. Still, there was a reason that most if not all mechanisms and living spaces were built in the same time zone as the Oscillator. If it were to fail, everyone would have some warning. Perhaps not enough of one, given these horrifying predictions of what they had to constantly monitor, but one all the same. Still, Hux was thinking that he should have paid more attention to environmental sciences while one of the other engineers, a beanpole of a woman called Feni, began to explain that to build such mechanisms it was necessary to actually remove plenty of the planet’s core, jettisoning it out into space to cool to solid metal (“we actually got most of the metal the base is built with from that jettisoned core”). But then she seemed to grow nervous, hidden behind a professional veneer as she said, “Unfortunately, that removed much of Starkiller’s magnetic field. The shields of the planet, which I’m sure my colleagues have explained to you function as a blockade, also make up for this planet’s weak magnetic field. If they were to be taken down for any extended period of time, or even just at all while Starkiller is charging, a solar windstorm or the draining of the star would probably wipe out our magnetic field and thus we would likely lose our atmosphere. For such a possibility, we planned on building more life support systems into the living quarters, beyond the added oxygen and ultraviolet light installations for when the trees are unable to photosynthesize as they normally would in between stars.” “You planned? Have you not made certain of functionality at all times?” asked Hux, raising a brow at the woman. “We did the best we could. But Starkiller has not been viewed as a planet, but as a weapon, something that can be built and changed according to our wills like the Death Stars were. Our budget covered only what we’ve built so far, and when we asked for more to build these extra life support systems to rebuild the atmosphere in the event we should lose it, we were denied. We were hoping you might be able to find a way for us to ensure survival in all eventualities.” Hux nodded. He was certain at least half of that was simplified for his benefit of understanding as environmental studies and terraforming techniques weren’t present at all in the Academy. That was for the softer arts and their universities. “I will see what I can do. Send an estimate of cost immediately.” “Yes, sir.” And once the surveying of the Oscillator was done, it was already approaching nighttime, and Hux was officially off duty as soon as he returned to the Finalizer. He was actually rather excited about it, because he had a previously arranged meeting with Dr. Riil by holo soon, and he had plenty to ask about the “Three Myths of Foundation” every text on the J’leans seemed to mention without explanation. And when he was in his quarters and when Dr. Riil made contact the first thing she did was say, “I can see your stress from here, and I am multiple star systems away. No disrespect meant. What’s going on there?” “Environmental science and realizing how little I know about terraforming,” said Hux. “There are very few people who actually know anything about that, if it’s any consolation. But I must say, geology always has been something of an interest to me.” “Doctor,” said Hux mildly, cutting off the tangent before it could begin. “Apologies. But truly, don’t carry this all on yourself. One person cannot know everything. And what do you need terraforming for?” “Doctor, that is classified military information.” “Oh yes, I do keep forgetting about that.” Hux’s lips turned up at the corners, amused. She forgot he was one of the highest ranked members of the First Order? “Now, you mentioned you had a question for me.” “Yes, about the Three Myths of Foundation. In everything you’ve sent me, all I’ve found is reference to them.” “Ah yes. Understand, we don’t actually know with any certainty where the J’leans came from. They grew out of a very unremarkable place. Well set up, their capital was very easily defendable, but most of the planet’s great civilizations had grown to the south of them and didn’t record the emergence of this people. But we have three separate myths surrounding the birth of the Empire. I’m not overly certain which I put the most stock in, but it’s all we have. Though, I am planning an excavation in the old capital, just outside it actually, we’ve got evidence of a well in an ancient settlement, and you know, in small towns an empty well was often used to throw out waste which make them invaluable to us.” “Doctor,” he said mildly, and she caught herself. “Apologies. Now, of the myths, we have one that the original King of Kings, Remul, was born from the sun god himself, with a woman called Eln. We have no physical evidence of either Eln or Remul though, only art showing his conception and so on. If you’re interested, my colleague Dr. Jenu would happily take you through it, their thesis was on the subject of art dedicated to Remul and his mother. Now the second is that the J’lean people were a nomadic tribe that settled down and were chosen by the sun god to rule over the earth. The J’lean people were a people very based in military and expansion.” “Given the nature of their empire, they would have to be, to be constantly expanding as they did.” “Indeed,” she agreed. “And when the first leader, not King of Kings, mind, took his warriors to take over a neighboring tribe, he would give captured women to his soldiers as gifts. In this myth, he gave his best warrior the queen of one of the conquered tribes, and when he died with no heirs, named the child of that warrior and that queen his heir. That child went on to be the first emperor.” “That one sounds plausible enough,” offered Hux. “Except that the queen was the queen of a warrior people just like the J’lean and I don’t believe for one second she wouldn’t have stabbed her new husband in his sleep on the wedding night and run away. These were times far different from our own, General, but there’s not a woman in the galaxy who’d accept slavery if she could get out of it. There were no implants, only chains, and if a slave wasn’t chained to her new husband’s bed she’d leave, and leave him a knife in the heart for a wedding gift.” Hux looked down at his hands at that, mulling it over as Dr. Riil continued. His mother hadn’t seemed that happy with his father, he could tell that even as a child, but she had stayed. But then again, she would have had to get a ship to take her to the New Republic to escape his father, and no ship left the planet without his knowing about it. The J’lean people had it plenty easier, it was only a matter of a few miles by foot to freedom for them. “The third is the most absurd, by my reckoning. Remul and Eln could have existed and the divine birth simply propaganda, but this one I have a hard time believing. The first record of it was in ‘The Histories’ by Vig, but as with any history written at that time, there was quite a hazy distinction between fact and what made a good story. The J’lean people, historically, had a rival they only managed to conquer under King of Kings Henti, the Dilanea. The Dilanea had their own mythical first ruler, this one a woman named Aquin. According to Vig, Aquin had two sons, their names don’t survive he only calls them Elder Son and Younger Son, and the elder killed Aquin to become king. The younger, fearing his brother would kill him too, fled and founded the J’lean empire and swore revenge on his brother for killing their mother in cold blood. It explained the birth of the empire as well as why they had to fight the Dilanea.” “But you don’t believe that.” “Of course not. Too poetic for fact. Fact is never poetic. History is made of stories, but stories are attempts to put narrative into history.” “But don’t wars between brothers lead to generations of war? There are plenty places held under the control of gangsters, and people die every day from grudges and feuds born from disagreement between brothers.” “You speak as if you were part of it.” “I was not born a General, Doctor. I earned my stripes in smaller disputes, and breaking up a gang war that held a whole planet captive made me a Lieutenant.” He could see Dr. Riil was impressed by that, but he wasn’t going to stroke his ego about it. “With such differing myths surrounding the birth of their nation, how did the J’lean people manage to rally together?” “Ah, General, you know that better than you think,” said Dr. Riil, amusement in her face. “Think of your First Order, and of the Empire it grew from. How do your people rally behind you? We of the Unknown Regions don’t have your same culture. We were only just being contacted by the Empire while it was dying, we took you in when you promised us order. How do you reconcile the two? You come from an imperial regime, we had only loose trading agreements.” “We bring order,” said Hux. “In the ashes of the Empire people suffered, with the Empire starting to create structure and starting to eliminate pirates, the same thing happened in the Unknown Regions. Exactly like when the J’lean Empire fell. We bring an end to that, dispose of warlords who look out for themselves first and give the people stability and peace.” Dr. Riil smiled then, and said, “I sent you a piece on King of Kings Andian, didn’t I? Look up the Peace Altar.” Hux furrowed his brow, but did as he was told, the holo before him showing a tall stone altar, covered in ancient carvings of one of the near-human species of Yvinia, their bodies elongated and more avian than simian. “That, General, is the Peace Altar. It stood in the center of the J’lean capital under King of Kings Andian, and it was copied through other major cities throughout the empire. The Peace Altar was used for sacrifices to the sun god, and is covered with carvings showing how Andian brought peace to the empire. It’s propaganda. The J’lean people didn’t need a central myth of how their empire was born, they rallied behind bringing peace. “See, we’ve forgotten how each people can have their own culture, their own language and their own traditions and customs. Even now we expect whatever interplanetary regime is tying planets together to have one single culture. And really, I do think that’s hurting us. The J’lean Empire knew everyone to have their own culture and while they prioritized their own they didn’t force people to assimilate. Look at the Republic, they force a planet to be regulated to one or two senators. A whole planet! The J’lean Empire was nearly overrun with senators and they only took one senator per culture!” Hux simply stared at the Peace Altar, mind running. Dr. Riil seemed to note that, and left him to it, waiting with seemingly unending patience. Finally there was a quiet ping from a comm on her end, and she said, “As wonderful as our conversations are, General, I’ve a lecture to go teach, about the artistic development of the Kingdom of Wo.” “And where was that?” he asked, willingly taking the chance to be shaken from his thoughts. “From the south. It’s older than the J’lean Empire and where they took much of their own artistic base. The Kingdom of Wo was very interested in lasting art, they believed if an image of you survived your soul could return. Fascinating art, really. They moved from simply wanting lasting images to images that actually looked like the person it was supposed to be. I would ask if you wanted to sit in, we do have a holochair for my students in absentee, but I don’t think my students would pay any attention with you there.” “Of course. It was a pleasure, Dr. Riil. Perhaps you could recommend some reading on the Kingdom of Wo? It sounds fascinating.” “I certainly will. But one of these days you must give me your private communications address, your communications officers love sending me messages demanding why a General is receiving articles written by art historians about the implications of funerary art in the reign of King of Kings Kwestian.” “I will have a word with them.” “Thank you, the university really doesn’t want military inquiry.” She disconnected soon after, and Hux was left there, sitting and just staring at the holo of the Peace Altar. When he looked closer he could start to discern the narrative, start picking out Andian and his wife, start seeing the images of fruitful harvest, harmony among this avian species and even a few others. That was the odd thing too, that one species could have so many different cultures born of their location. Stories he had read from the north of the J’Lean Empire spoke of monsters in the sea and the great heroes who defeated them, ripped off their arms and displayed them in central halls for the people to celebrate the defeat, while in the south they spoke of elegant gods whose hubris and lust destroyed people, cities, and even whole kingdoms. And even that alone was generalization. Before he had gotten involved in this ancient history, it had been so easy to look at the dominant culture and say that was all there was to it. It was easy to say that Imperial style was this, Republican style was that, this planet believed this, that planet had this custom. It was easy to say each species had its own culture and to leave it at that. And worst of all, staring at the image of Andian’s wife sitting with her children staring adoringly up at her as she accepted tribute, Hux had a creeping fear about what Starkiller would be and what it meant and again that discussion with Professor Mabun rose up in his mind. If you start killing people to make an example of them, you end up ordering your last soldier to slit his own throat to be an example to himself . The J’lean Empire were military based but their rallying cry was peace. And they had crumbled. The Eda Dynasty had rejected warfare when possible, and ignored their neighbors to turn inward and cultivate a culture they thought superior to all others. And they had crumbled. The Empire had promised to make peace and undo the corruption that had been born from the Republic and it had crumbled in just twenty some years! There was no answer, there was no right answer. The galaxy was dotted with wrecks and ruins of regimes that thought themselves immortal, and Hux had been raised on stories that the First Order was the child of the Empire and it had to reclaim its birthright. He had seen the vacuum the fallen Empire had created, seen what the New Republic didn’t bother trying to fix. An Empire could provide stability, peace, could provide for its people, and couldn’t be bogged down by endless debates with a single ruler at the helm rather than a thousand all clamoring for the ship of state to turn where they want it to. But Empires crumbled, there was no way to ensure that they would last, there had been a J’lean King of Kings who had lasted only for three months, and Hux began to wonder how anyone could have order or peace if the best form of government all crumbled and always left people struggling to keep themselves safe and alive and trying to make some sense of what to do next. The galaxy had once been so much simpler before he started looking into ancient history and learning to apply that to the modern age. He had thought the First Order to be the strength left in the void the Empire left behind, something to keep the people safe and keep order where chaos was all too likely. But now that he looked at it, he got the unnerving feeling that they were the warlords that they subdued, like the warlords the people of what had been the J’lean Empire had flocked to for protection from the encroaching nomads. The feeling crept down his throat into his stomach and it felt unnervingly close to doubting everything about the Order he had sworn his very life to, and soon as he classified it as that, Hux shut off the holo and stood, readying himself for bed and ignoring it best he could. Still, on the edge of sleep, Hux began to wonder if it would have been better if he hadn’t ever sought out this academic interest. Phasma never complained. This was fact. So when she contacted Hux to tell him that their resident Knight of Ren had suddenly exploded in rage and had strangled three separate Stormtroopers at the exact same moment, it wasn’t a complaint but her own way of ordering him to get Kylo under control. By chain of command no one could technically order Hux anything, but Phasma found her ways. “I accept that he’s volatile and if it isn’t the ship it’s my men, since they’re easier to replace than your officers,” she said. “But I do not accept that he should kill them. Injure them, fine, they can recover. But to kill them? No.” “Where is he?” sighed Hux. “Probably his quarters, that’s where he usually goes after a tantrum.” “Right. Thank you for informing me, Captain.” The creeping doubt from the night before was shoved away, ignored the way Hux ignored Republican propaganda that managed to creep its way into the Order’s planets, by dismissing it as lies and leaving it at that. And now he had the benefit of bubbling anger to help ignore it. Though that he should be so fixated on dismissing it didn’t actually bode well, and he pushed that out of his mind, letting the bubbling anger rise up in him in its place. Overriding Kylo’s entry code, Hux stormed into Kylo’s quarters, and waited in the front room, knowing Kylo would come to him. And indeed he did, as if drawn by Hux’s anger. There was the noise in the modulator that indicated the drawn breath to speak, and Hux simply cut him off before he could even begin, “You strangled three Stormtroopers to death in the exact same moment. You cannot kill those around you just because you want to. Stormtroopers are more easily replaced, yes, but that does not mean that they are here for you to vent your tantrums on. You are the Supreme Leader’s apprentice and outside the military structure, yes fine, but that means that you are first and foremost supercargo on this ship, and you have no business killing personnel.” “Do you ever get tired of coming and lecturing me?” asked Kylo. “Trust me, I’m exhausted of doing this. But since you refuse to eat, drink, sleep like a normal person or meditate like you seem to have to do, I’ve resigned myself to this.” “I meditate once a month, that is all I have need of. If that does not suit your tastes, I apologize, General.” “And when do you plan on meditating next? Shall I let all personnel know exactly until when they should avoid you for their own benefit?” “I will meditatie when I have need.” Hux bit back the snap of an answer that rested on his tongue, and instead took a breath and began to utilize diplomacy. “You’ve said you were interested in the J’lean Empire.” That surprised Kylo it seemed, but Hux didn’t give him time to respond. “I will tell you about the J’lean Empire if, and only if, you meditate.” “You’ve taken quite the interest in my habits,” said Kylo, but his voice took an odd quality. “I’ve taken an interest in you refraining from destroying my ship or harming my personnel,” corrected Hux. A silence stretched a long while before Kylo finally said, “Very well. I will meditate. Leave me, I will take you up on your offer later.” “If I leave you alone you’re not going to meditate,” said Hux flatly. “I’ve the dubious honor of knowing you best out of anyone on this ship or on the base below us, and I know you won’t.” The shift in Kylo’s stance only proved his point, and Hux nodded shortly. “I will go collect my datapad and when I return you are going to meditate and only afterwards will I tell you anything about the J’leans. If you plan on having a tantrum about it, have it now.” “I don’t want you here while I meditate,” said Kylo, his voice snappish. “And why not?” The silence drew out a long time, but Hux categorically refused to be the one to cave and break it. And Hux was a patient man, while Kylo was anything but. Finally, the Knight said, “I cannot meditate with the mask on. Not well, at any rate.” Honestly, Hux didn’t want to see Kylo’s face any more than Kylo wanted to show it to him. So he nodded and said, “Then manage yourself. Meditate by yourself. Keep order in yourself. Show me that you can manage not to damage a ship that is technically hosting you, and I’ll keep my end of the bargain. You meditate, manage not to hurt those around you, and I’ll tell you about the J’lean Empire.” Turning on his heel, Hux left, trying not to think about the deal he had made, and trying not think about the pit of betrayal that he should have to share the J’leans with someone else. There were plenty students, plenty professors and doctors who taught the culture, he knew that, but there was still that awful feeling that something was being taken from him and he couldn’t quite say why. It was a pointless feeling, and he decided to ignore it. He had more important things to do anyway. There was little that felt quite as bone-deep wrong as the transport that went into the barrel of Starkiller. Hux was supervising the finishing moments of this multiyear project, and he meant to supervise all of it. Lieutenant Mitaka was beside him, and he looked just as disturbed that they were going into the planet as Hux felt. They would be down with the crew all day, from sunrise well into the night, watching as they worked their way in a ring in a small section of the upper mantle of the planet. The maintenance workers, mainly Stormtroopers, didn’t seem bothered at all, but the sheer size of where the deadly beam would be fired from was mindboggling as it was, and seeing the concepts and plans were very different from actually being there. “We’ll be going down about a hundred miles,” said SK-3376, helpfully explaining to the officers exactly what would be happening. “That’s around where the upper mantle starts, and we’ve got a temporary structure there. From the upper mantle down we’re keeping very close eye on. A significant portion of the core was jettisoned, yes, and that was no small feat, but what’s left is still hot enough that we want to make sure that it isn’t going to be damaged after first firing. No one’s ever built a weapon like this, sirs, and we can’t let even a hairline fracture bring it down.” “Commendable,” murmured Hux, staring down into the darkness. He could feel the heat in the Oscillator and it was worse here. The surface of the planet was incredibly cold, especially with Hard Winter setting in, and he hadn’t believed that he would need to remove his greatcoat as well as the sturdier coat he wore outside, the more fool he, for now Hux wondered how the Troopers didn’t boil alive in their armor. “The upper mantle is still solid, is it not?” asked Mitaka, clearly valiantly ignoring how far down they were going. “Mostly solid, sir,” agreed SK-3376. “It’s the core we had to jettison, and since then the center of the planet has been…well, in flux. Starkiller wants to stabilize itself, and we’re forcing it to do so, but it means we have to take care that even at its worst nothing will damage this. It’s estimated that after Starkiller fires, it will take at least three years before this cools enough for us to return and do maintenance on it, so we are taking every precaution beforehand.” “And the core of the planet?” “The pressure keeps what’s there solid, or at least that’s what I’ve come to understand. My team has never actually been down there, we only stay in the upper and main mantle. The outer core and central core is beyond us, sir. I’ve heard the center is nearly two thousand kelvin.” Hux listened to the talk about the center of the planet and the way it functioned and thought about the Oscillator’s incredibly delicate nature and began to tell himself again that every delicate piece of machinery was closely monitored by professionals and there was no reason to worry that the planet would tear itself apart beneath his feet. But even at their height of power the J’leans had recognized that nature was far more powerful than they were, and the Edans had made reference to the court and tribunal of the elements deciding the fate of the accused. He should feel like he had surpassed them, become master of a planet to bend it to his will where they had cowered in the face of simple forces of nature. He should feel as if the Edan Emperors and the J’lean Kings of Kings would have worshipped him as a god to do what he was doing to the planet, to carve a hole to the absolute center of it, to be able to absorb a star and hold the fusion inside, to turn it into a weapon to destroy whole systems. But as he wiped the sweat that kept trying to drip into his eyes, Hux only felt as if he had fallen prey to Edan hubris, the impossible pride that Fate would punish him for, taking everything from beneath him and leaving him to fall. The outpost at the edge of the crust held alternate suits for the Stormtroopers, which SK-3376 described as being thermal suits that allowed them to keep working in uniform. And then reminded them that in the presence of commanding officers a Stormtrooper could not remove their helmet let alone change into another suit without permission. So, Hux gave it, and he and Mitaka looked out into the looming blackness of the barrel, feeling impossible heat and standing in the one spot of light in impenetrable darkness. It was a silly human thought, but Hux began to think himself small and insignificant, looking out into darkness and staring up to where he could just see the sky, illuminated where he stood in darkness, and felt that urge to reach for it, to leave this darkness. Mitaka beside him looked no better. “At midday the sun is supposed to shine directly down here,” said Mitaka suddenly, making Hux turn to him. The Lieutenant suddenly seemed to realize what he had said and said, “Sorry sir, I…I wasn’t thinking.” “It’s already hot enough down here, if the sun gets added in, I can only imagine,” said Hux mildly, turning back to looking up at the distant light far above them. This was as close as he’d get to forgiveness. “It’s good to have the warning, Lieutenant.” “Sirs?” came SK-3376’s voice behind them, the Trooper standing there in the thermal suit and holding two thermal vests. “You are going to want these. Otherwise you’ll get heatstroke. Aside from that, SK-8821 has ice for you to bring.” “Ice?” asked Hux even as he took the vest. “Water would evaporate too fast, we use ice because then it takes a little longer. We need water to last as long as possible further down, after all.” Armed with a thermal vest pressed against his undershirt and his sleeves rolled up, ice at his side, Hux descended even further down. The Stormtroopers worked easily enough, checking the sides thoroughly for anything out of the ordinary. Mitaka looked miserable, and Hux felt no better. His face felt red and he felt horrifyingly close to gasping at any moment, so hot was the air. Still, the thermal vest did its work and while he was absolutely miserable it wasn’t heatstroke, at least, no matter how close he came. “How far down are we exactly?” asked Hux, taking a long drink of the water. It truly was melting incredibly fast. “Two hundred fifty miles, sir,” said SK-8821. The whole suit was clearly better than just the vest, because the trooper didn’t sound bothered at all. If Hux were anyone else, he might have felt jealous, but he certainly wasn’t going to put on Stormtrooper armor no matter the thermal benefits. “We should get down to one thousand by end of day, and that’s as far as we’ll take you. The vests alone won’t help and you’ll get hyperthermia.” “Hairline!” called one of the troopers, and they all passed up to him a welding torch, so he could seal the hairline fracture he had found. “Could one hairline really destroy the planet?” asked Mitaka, wiping away sweat and looking halfway to collapse. “Well if Starkiller fires more than once every four years, this could grow and we would have no way of knowing,” said SK-3376. “There’s going to be a lot of pressure put on this structure and all precautions must be taken.” And so they slowly descended, the ice melting and the water starting to get warm, even with the specifically engineered thermoses they were in. They were around five hundred eighty miles below the surface when the sun began to peak over the edge. Where before it had been dark, the whole place was suddenly filled with light, dazzling those so far below, but the Troopers merely put up a canopy, casting them in shade. “No work to be done until the sun goes away,” explained SK-3376. “Too much additional heat. Permission to remove helmets so we can eat, sirs?” “Permission granted,” said Hux, grateful for the canopy blocking the sun but not willing to ever say so. The midday meal was simple and was passed in silence, and after they simply waited in silence until the sun was gone. Hux knew that if he and Lieutenant Mitaka weren’t there, the Troopers would have been talking, amusing themselves to pass the time. Perhaps someone else would feel bad that their presence was so intimidating, but that simply felt right to Hux, and he was pleased with what effect he had. Still, by the end of the day, when they reached the surface of the planet again, the biting wind was such a relief that Hux wanted nothing to do with his coat, at least for a little bit. He had forgotten how cool it truly was on Starkiller Base, and at night it was even cooler. Mitaka too looked just as relieved, and Hux had a feeling that the man would never complain about the cold again. His datapad, when he got back to it, had a collection of suggested articles on the Kingdom of Wo from Dr. Riil, a new article written about expressions of religion under the T’um Restoration from Professor Mabun, and a report that Kylo Ren had gone down to base and a returning report that while he had gone to the base he had never arrived at the docking station. He would never have gotten either of these messages were it not for the fact that it was Kylo Ren and Snoke’s favorite had gone entirely missing. His ship hadn’t broken up or exploded upon entry to the atmosphere, so at least he wasn’t dead, just somewhere out on the base. So, Hux dispatched a team to see if they could find him, just to make sure he was alive. Apparently Kylo had gone to the other side of the planet, to one of the permafrost coniferous forests and took his saber to cut down no less than three of the trees. That was slightly better than destroying an expensive piece of equipment or murdering personnel, Hux had to admit that. But when Kylo insisted that Hux tell him what about the J’leans interested him so much, Hux simply raised his brow and said, “I know for fact you haven’t meditated. You cut down trees instead. The deal was you would meditate before I told you anything.” “How do you know I did that?” asked Kylo, sounding surprised though obviously trying to hide it. “Believe it or not, Kylo, we do keep track of comings and goings on this ship. You left the Finalizer but never arrived at base like you said you would be. So a party was sent out to find you. They made the wise decision not to engage, though, once they found you.” “You called me by my name again.” “Get out of my rooms. And do try to meditate.” Kylo held out for two more weeks before he finally appeared at Hux’s door in the evening, saying, “I only meditate once a month. This is the only time I’ll do it.” “Until next month,” said Hux smoothly, covering his surprise that Kylo’s curiosity about a long dead culture and why it appealed to Hux would actually come to this. “Perhaps we should keep a schedule.” Kylo ignored him, instead coming inside and sitting down in the center of the room, his legs folded. “Have you already begun?” “I’ve said before I don’t meditate well without the mask.” Hux didn’t have to be a Force user to realize how uncomfortable Kylo was, and he simply took up his datapad and sat down in his chair, casually crossing his legs and calling up the translation of Vig’s The Histories that Dr. Riil had done herself. Immersing himself in the text, it still took a few minutes before Kylo reached up to remove his helmet. Hux didn’t even look up then, actually interested in this piece of work. But he caught out of the corner of his eye the contrast of his pale skin against the dark of both his clothing and hair, which was far longer than was allowed in the military. Then again, he thought, Kylo certainly was outside of that. The elder son, oh curse his name! has falsely spread Perfumed beddings upon Aquin’s funeral bed Beloved queen, though she did not know With gentle foot to the grave did go The younger son, bless his memory oh Sol! stays At his mother’s side the good prince walks her to her end of days “Sweet mother, the bed awaits,” Elder Son did say Though poisonous his words his sweet tone did his mother sway From Kylo there came a release of breath, and Hux figured he had settled into meditation, sitting so still with the air around him almost pulsing. Finally, the man was at some sort of rest, and if this did what it was supposed to the ship, base, and personnel that had all once been his victims would be spared. Still he ignored him, reading instead of Elder Son’s poisoned bedsheets to claim his title early, and Younger Son’s devotion to his mother. It was only when Kylo’s body started to go entirely limp and he fell back against the ground did Hux look up. Suddenly he could see how Khee had mistaken meditation for sleep. Kylo had gone limp, breaths slow and deep. Hux honestly would have believed he had fallen asleep but for how everything not nailed down began to raise slightly above the ground, all maintaining exactly three inches of height off the ground. Even Hux sitting in his chair was floating, and wasn’t that an odd sensation. Floating there and trying to ignore that that was the case, Hux stared at the Knight before him. If anyone had asked him what he had expected to see beneath Kylo’s mask his first response would be to lecture them for engaging in gossip about such a high ranking member of the Order, and mostly to cover for the fact that he didn’t actually have any idea. He certainly wasn’t expecting what he did see. The man was just that, a man. Pale with long features, a prominent nose and full lips, decorated with a few freckles, even. His eyes were closed and that was probably a blessing, he couldn’t see how Hux’s eyes tracked over the curve of his jaw and the fall of his dark hair, nearly curly but cut too short to curl as it could. It fanned out from his face, and if Hux were poetic he might have some asinine comparison to a star’s corona, but anyway the hair was too dark for that. Kylo was homely, but Hux had seen dozens of beauties on the arms of powerful men and women and there was something refreshing in something homely. Shaking his head as if to clear it, Hux turned back to the old text before him. As he read, he felt something in the back of his mind, much like how Kylo’s intrusions usually felt, but this wasn’t quite the same. Those were intrusive, this felt curious. A brush against the edge of his mind, a brush against so much more intimate than his mind. Were he more poetic, he might call it his soul. Aquin the Great, glorious queen she was, Lay in innocence before death’s cruel jaws And as she fell to sleep at the musician’s tune, Elder Son sent her into the tomb Younger Son slept that night And within his dreams was gifted such a sight The Moon, Sol’s own sweet wife, weeping, “Oh, son! Your mother! She is being murdered as she is sleeping!” Younger Son ran to this mother, woke her in fright Said, “Mother, I dreamt of the gods this night!” “My sweet darling boy, we must go to temple with haste!” And away they went, thinking Younger Son by the gods graced Hux didn’t even like poetry, but Vig was a historian in the midst of the J’lean Empire and he knew the culture better than any current historian, so he would simply have to ignore that it was a poem. At the thought, he felt an amused brush at the back of his mind, and resisted the urge to roll his eyes. At least Kylo was having fun, levitating Hux off the ground and laughing that he tried to ignore that a poem was a poem. Almost in response, the chair started to drift higher, but without even looking up, Hux snapped, “Bring me back down or I’ll jettison you out an airlock.” The chair lowered again, back to three inches like everything else. They remained like that for a long time, Hux reading an ancient text while floating in his chair and Kylo laying limp on Hux’s floor. Finally, after what must have been an hour, everything slowly lowered again and those occasional intimate brushes against his being retreated. It was a few minutes more before Kylo’s eyes opened, and Hux was struck by their depths, a brown that looked nearly as dark as the void in between stars, those great expanses of nothing that any ship was right to fear. “Is meditation supposed to knock you out like that?” asked Hux only as Kylo slowly sat up. “If I were to meditate more often than I do, no. The Jedi meditated every day, sometimes many times a day, and this never happened to them. More their loss. The Force didn’t run through them like it does me.” “But you won’t be destroying anything anytime soon?” “Likely not.” There was an unless in there, but Hux didn’t want to hear it. Despite what Hux expected, Kylo didn’t reach for his helmet, matching Hux’s gaze with those too-deep too-dark eyes. “Tell me of the J’leans. Why did they catch your interest?” “Do you not want to put your helmet on?” it was an honest question, it was honestly surprising that Kylo wasn’t hiding away his face again. “You don’t mind my face,” said Kylo with a shrug as if it was obvious. He was incredibly mellow, loose at the joints and looking halfway to sleep. It was unfamiliar and almost unnerving, seeing Kylo like this and not a volatile weapon. This was worse than hearing his voice alongside Khee’s. “I don’t have any opinions on your face,” corrected Hux, but sighed and asked, “What do you know of the J’leans?” “Only what I read off your datapad. They were a military empire in the northern hemisphere of Yvinia, they dominated a continent and stretched onto their neighboring continents at its height. Lasted roughly a thousand years, but was in decline for the last hundred years or so. It doesn’t seem to hold much weight now.” “From one, learn all,” countered Hux, before launching into something of an improvised lecture on the J’leans. It was simplified as his earliest meetings with Dr. Riil were, and his fingers flew to draw up images of statues, of the Peace Altar, of even the flaking remains of wall paintings. And through it all, Kylo listened intently and watched with that same care. All it was was a general overview, glossing over most of it, simplifying it immensely, but Kylo listened carefully all the same, occasionally asking a question. It felt something like what their discussion of the Arkanis Starvation Experiment had been, oddly pleasant. This, at least, didn’t carry such disturbing weight as that experiment had. Still, the shift changed and Hux was due to go down to Starkiller and see the progress of building the bridge, which wasn’t a pleasant thought, not with Hard Winter starting to creep in. Hux stood, and Kylo did the same, taking his helmet as he went and fixing Hux with an odd look before saying, “If I do my monthly meditation with you, will you tell me more? I have to say, Soldier Emperors in an already militaristic empire sounds interesting.” They were interesting, a time of great unrest and Dynasties that rarely lasted longer than three generations. They were great warriors who tried to hold what was already declining together, and might have done so, had corruption not already been too deeply planted resulting in so many assassinations. “It’s a deal,” said Hux instead. Kylo nodded, replaced his helmet, and swept out of the room, leaving Hux wondering if the deal he had made was smart. Kylo honestly was calmer the next few days, that was obvious. If this is what meditation naturally did, no wonder Supreme Leader discouraged it in his Knights. He would actually listen, and think before he spoke. He was something approaching reasonable and “reasonable” certainly wasn’t the word that should be connected to the scourge that the Supreme Leader held in his hand. Still, it made the slow ramp up to his normal self more obvious and more irritating. A too quick snap of a response, a tense line of his shoulders, they were all indicators that the Force was moving through him unchecked again. At least Kylo wasn’t struck down by visions, he seemed to grow more tense and more irate. Hux had been a bit disconcerted by how loose and calm meditation had made Kylo, but he was in the extremely odd position of actually missing that state of being the closer Kylo got to his normal self. And there was a whisper at the back of his mind that perhaps the Kylo who had emerged from his meditative state actually was the baseline, that this version of him wasn’t who he was meant to be. Or maybe, more accurately, that was closer to who he was supposed to be, made exaggerated by the relief. And then, Kylo fell in step beside him one day, walking from the Finalizer ’s many hangers after Hard Winter sent such a blizzard that construction had to be halted as personnel hunkered down into shelters to wait it out and Hux only just got off the planet before it grew too bad. There were upsides and downsides to building all command and living quarters in the same place on the planet, the upside was that immediate evacuation could occur should anything happen to the Oscillator, but the downside was a single blizzard over what was truly a tiny portion of a planet could shut down all but basic communications between the base and the ship. “The planet frightens you,” said Kylo in his cryptic way, and Hux didn’t have any patience to deal with him and his increasingly volatile state and his odd statements that weren’t at all true. “A rock doesn’t frighten me,” said Hux with as much ire as he felt. The blizzard was only barely visible from the ship anyway. “Not the planet itself,” observed Kylo, sounding like he was in one of his calm moments, and that was even worse. “But forces of nature. Understandable, really. You can’t fight them, outthink them, outmaneuver them, you can only run or hide. You’ve narrowly escaped a blizzard, but what about the things you can’t run from? Have you ever seen a tornado? They’re terrifying, and they sneak up on you. They destroy everything in their path but you can’t predict what their path is. They can destroy one house and leave the one next to it entirely untouched. You can only hide from them, dig yourself a hole and hope the winds don’t pick you up and carry you away.” Hux hadn’t actually ever seen a tornado. But he was familiar enough with the concept; a funnel cloud and high powered winds that was born out of a thunderstorm. It was abstract, his knowledge, but when Kylo described one it sounded annoyingly like Kylo himself. Unpredictable, destructive, and soon as their destruction was wrought it disappeared back up into the clouds. “Is there a reason you’re spouting philosophy about meteorological phenomenon or are you just amusing yourself?” “There is no shame in learning you aren’t greater than nature. The greatest men have to learn that, or they’ll be overtaken by something as common as a storm at sea.” Hux’s mind snapped to the tale of King of Kings Ligu and his war against the sea. He had snorted, thinking the man insane, but when he read further he found the man’s son had drowned in a storm, and in his grief Ligu had declared that all the treasures of the sea should be brought to him in place of taxes for a year, taking the ocean’s treasures as his most precious son had been taken from him. “Kylo, I spent a majority of my time in space, the chances of me being caught in a storm at sea are incredibly low,” said Hux, not even looking up from his datapad as he walked despite that ancient tale of a father's grief rattling in his mind. “Perhaps,” allowed Kylo. “But a planet is not supposed to be a weapon. You’re scared about just how delicate the Oscillator is, you’re worried about the minimal magnetic field, you’re anxious that something in the planet will rebel against how careful you’ve been and that it will fall apart. A hairline crack in the barrel of Starkiller could go unnoticed for four years and if it fires more often than that it could grow and fall apart. Nuclear fusion isn’t supposed to happen inside a planet and you know that. So you’re anxious that even at its first firing Starkiller will be ripped apart by the energy of the star.” “Would you kindly get out of my head?” He turned to Kylo at that, snappish and angry at the blizzard, at nearly being caught in it, at delayed construction that would have to wait until the snow was removed, at Kylo for casually invading his mind, at plenty things. He wished he could throw a tantrum like Kylo usually did, wished to do something with the restless anger in his body. Kylo destroyed things and Khee screamed and either of those options seemed plenty appealing. But he was a professional, he was on duty, he wasn’t going to do either of those things. “They’re perfectly legitimate things to worry about,” said Kylo instead. “I worry about them too.” Now that was a shock. “Khee, before she left, she had a vision, said that unless all care and precaution was taken Starkiller would not survive. And now that so many reports are being made and sent at all times about status of every apparatus, I worry.” That was chilling. He didn’t know how reliable a Force vision was, or even if Khee was interpreting whatever she saw correctly, but now for every minute he spent aboard the Finalizer, he would be spending two on base, just to make sure everything was in proper working order. Out loud he said only, in a voice that approached condescending but didn’t quite get there, “And are emotions not something you have to worry about addiction to?” “Worry and anxiety are siblings to fear, and fear is one of the most direct links to the Dark Side. So to answer your question, no. Serenity is one of the building blocks of the Jedi Order, not ours. The Jedi reject emotion, not us.” “That’s one of the first logical things I’ve heard about your training.” “Khee’s vision is not self-fulfilling. It is one future, but it is not the only future. Let fear guide you towards caution, not towards rash decisions,” said Kylo, and that tone of voice was awfully familiar. “I am not one of your Knights who needs counsel on their trials, Ren,” snapped Hux. “If I want your opinion and counsel, I’ll ask for it.” “You have a nasty habit of never asking for anything, not even when you sorely need it.” “It’s called self-reliability. I suggest you look into it.” And he stormed off at that, angry that Kylo had been so calm through that discussion while he had gotten wound up. Kylo was the only person who managed that, just as he was the only thing to case Hux headaches, and no matter how oddly enjoyable it was to talk to him in an intellectual setting, this didn’t make up for it. When he got to the bridge he was struck with the sinking realization of just how little there was to do when the ship was in orbit and communications were sparse. Mitaka was stuck on base, and since he was the most senior officer there it was from him they received what few reports they got. Mostly wind speeds and amount of snow and estimate on how long it would take to shovel it out before building could resume. It would take an annoyingly long time was the general picture he was getting out of the reports. The estimate was thirty inches of snow, and that nine month estimate he had given High Command seemed impossible, if early Hard Winter was sending this type of snow. When the report came in that not only was it a blizzard but a thundersnow, Hux was amazed that not only Kylo but the weather could cause headaches for him. As it happened, that blizzard did not set the trend for Hard Winter. But it didn’t make it any easier. Starkiller had greenhouses installed early on, and when the year turned round to the harshest of the many winters that plagued the permafrosted planet, those greenhouses were hard pressed to support all those on base. A few hearty plants managed to provide bits of edible food, and there was no lacking of pine nuts, but nuts and roots weren’t nearly enough to feed four thousand Stormtroopers, four hundred engineers, and fifty officers. The Finalizer didn’t need to rely on those crops at least, but when reports came that one of the panes had broken and the snow and cold was leaking in it was cause for some distress. Easily fixed, but supply runs began to go between the base and the ship, making up for what had been lost by that break. This was why Hux preferred ships and didn’t like being planetside for longer than a few hours, as a rule. Ships didn’t have seasons and didn’t have the problems that went along with it. All small, all easily managed, but enough that they got incredibly annoying. Add that on top of the rest of the stress he carried in his shoulders and that awful creeping doubt that liked to come back and whisper just before he fell asleep questions about if the First Order truly was what it said it was and actually had citations and sources to make itself credible, and Hux was in an almost permanent bad mood, one that even indulging in his store of brandy didn't ease. When he had been a small child, when he got so stressed and tense as was his wont, the nanny droid his parents had left him to would start emitting a hum at a certain frequency that it told him when he asked was comparable to that which cats purred at. It was a frequency that helped humans heal faster and relieved tension. And it had worked. But it had been an indulgence for a child, not for a General of the First Order. All in all, Hux was in no mood to entertain when Kylo appeared at his door that night. But before he could send him on his way, Kylo said, “I don’t even want to meditate this month, but clearly you need it as well. If I’m going to meditate you’re going to as well.” “Certainly not. I don’t have to worry about the Force or whatever it does for you,” snapped Hux. “You need an uninterrupted span of time to relax and if you keep using alcohol to relax at the rate you’ve been going, your liver isn’t going to thank you by the end of Hard Winter.” “And since when are you an expert on how to keep a human body functioning? Weren’t you the one trying to insist you weren’t addicted to food or drink?” the insult was all sharp barbs but thanks to the mask he couldn’t see if I landed, but found himself being pushed into his own quarters. “Unhand me!” “You’re never so obvious about your insults.” And that was true. Hux wasn’t even angry at that, just resigned as Kylo settled them both down on the ground. “Alright, fine. How does this work?” “The general instruction is to focus on your breath and clear your mind.” Hux snorted. “Exactly my thoughts. I tend to breathe according to my heartbeat. I have the option to open myself to the Force, you don’t. So…count your pulse and breathe to that, focus on keeping pace with that. That should work.” So the two sat there, Hux’s finger over his pulse point on his wrist somewhat hesitantly, breathing according to the beating of his heart. He felt Kylo brushing his mind, checking on how he was doing, and as the Force began to move through him, actually managed to impart calm into him, making him feel much less silly about the whole exercise. And it was helping, oddly enough. Just sitting there breathing, not having to worry about anything, not having to do anything but just breathe and exist, was…new. It was that calm that didn’t make him immediately get up and leave when Kylo went limp, falling not back this time but collapsing so his head was on Hux’s knee. There was surprise and apology when Kylo’s mind next touched his, and Hux accepted that Kylo was in no state to consciously move his body away, and instead let his mind focus on the spot of warmth that was Kylo’s head on his knee. They remained like that until Hux didn’t know how much time had passed, his mind slipping to a hazy state of being as it did when he just hovered at the edge of sleep without actually reaching it. But eventually Hux heard the sound of everything in his quarters being set down from where they had been floating and took that as his cue to open his eyes knowing it would be a while yet before Kylo opened his eyes. He had to admit, he honestly did feel much more at ease, perhaps not as obviously as Kylo did, but certainly enough. He hadn’t seen Kylo’s face since the month before and despite his sharp memory the edges of it had grown blurry in his memory, and he took this moment to study it. It was so oddly handsome, a collection of features that despite proportions that might have been unseemly managed to keep an odd sort of harmony. If the lips were thinner or the brows less strong or even if there were no freckles that carelessly dotted his face, the whole may have been lesser, but it added up into a whole that honestly wasn’t unpleasant to look at. And maybe that was why he hid behind a mask. If Snoke’s own scourge was known for his youth and his beauty, it certainly wouldn’t add to respect for the other Knights. And yet, Kylo’s words from the previous month came back to him. You don’t mind my face. Had he learned his face was distasteful to look at and that was why he hid it? Sheer vanity alone? That might have been the case as well, knowing Kylo. He was as vain as he was fanatic, self-denying as he was indulgent of his flair for dramatics, a study in extremes. Khee wore a mask too, and when he had heard her voice she sounded so young. Kylo was their master and yet he was just as young, if not younger, than Hux himself. Those beneath him ought be the man’s juniors, yes? But then again, there were plenty Major-Generals beneath Hux himself who were nearly twice his age, he outranked his own father, even. “You’re thinking very loudly about my Knights,” muttered Kylo, not raising his head. “Do they all wear helmets like yours?” asked Hux, surprising himself even as he asked. “Khee did, what about the rest?” “Yes, Snoke ordered it.” His voice was mellow, calm without even a whisper of his usual anger and danger. “Where did they come from? Where did you find them?” “I wasn’t the only child who had Snoke in their heads since birth. I was just the oldest. Every Force user he could reach, he got. So when the others came, I looked after them. Snoke pits them against each other to prove their strength, but not against me. They won’t do it.” “Why not?” Kylo shrugged, the motion halted by his position. “Better ask them than me.” That was…oddly distressing, that there should be seven people who have had Snoke in their minds since they were infants. But why should that be distressing? To have such intimate communion with the Supreme Leader was an honor many sought, and certainly to have something influencing someone from infancy wasn’t too distressing, the troopers all had that. And perhaps that was the distressing thing, that the Knights of Ren should have been raised like Stormtroopers. Were they as programed as the lowest grunts of the Order? Instead of voicing these thoughts, he simply asked, “So you don’t know where they came from?” “None of us know where the others came from. We know a few things, I know Quen Tor never learned Standard and still doesn’t speak it and I know Obsi was born in the mountains because he’s always had better breath control than the rest of us, but only things like that.” Hux turned that thought over in his head, contemplative, and as he did, he didn’t realize what he was doing until Kylo let out a low hum. As his mind was elsewhere, his hand had reached for Kylo’s hair, touching the soft strands despite himself. Pulling back his hand he took a breath before saying, “You meditated, according to our deal I’ll tell you about the J’leans. Do you still want to hear?” “Of course.” But when Hux moved to get up, Kylo simply raised a hand, and Hux’s datapad floated over to them. “You’re an absolute child,” muttered Hux, taking it and yet not disturbing Kylo from his place on his knee. It was only now that he realized that Kylo had been expecting him to move his knee away, but in his acceptance of the man’s limp fall he had resigned himself to the man seeking out some detached form of comfort. Sighing, he called up one of the articles on the Soldier Emperors and began. “The first King of Kings that was called a Soldier Emperor was in the Crisis of the Second Century.” “What was their starting point of the calendar?” asked Kylo. “It was the second century from the end of the empire, it was given the name later. The first Soldier Emperor was Thrax. He ruled for three years before assassination. His successor ruled for three months. That was the Year of the Six Emperors. They were awful decline and were trying to hold the empire together.” How odd, to be able to discuss such ancient history with just as much ease as if they were sitting in chairs opposite each other, not on the floor with Kylo’s head resting on his knee, imparting him a sort of calm he hadn’t had since the first worries of the Oscillator were born two months prior. Hux tried not to think about it, turned his thoughts back to the subject he was imparting rather than let himself think of it. And if those stern redirections of his thoughts were noticed by Kylo, at least the man had the grace not to give it away more than that small smile that tugged at his lips every time it happened. Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo seemed to decide a lot about their relationship, deciding that he was going to spend time with Hux even outside the time he came to meditate under Hux’s watchful eye. What was strange was that Hux didn’t actually mind that much. With the stress of Starkiller coming achingly close to full functionality and Khee Ren’s vision, Hux found himself actually glad to have someone else who knew about that awful future presented. He still wasn’t too sure about how much faith he put into the visions, but the idea was certainly chilling enough. Poetic too, if he thought too much about it in those weak moments between sleep and wakefulness where he found himself questioning. Hux’s front room was where they ended up spending the General’s precious free time, Kylo asking after some part of J’lean history or running forms while Hux read or worked. It had happened so gradually that Hux didn’t even realize it until he looked up from the most recent report sent to him of Kylo’s own destruction and found he fully expected Kylo to be there, only to be greeted by nothing. Kylo had no place being comfortably present in Hux’s rooms, he reminded himself. There was no reason for the Knight to always be there. Reminding himself firmly of this, he turned back to his work, pausing every few minutes to take a breath and actively relax the tension in his shoulders that always built up from the stress of command. He got through plenty reports from all corners of the ship and the base they orbited around when he felt a presence announcing itself with insistent pressure in his head just behind his ears. That was not where his headaches resided, those were behind the eyes, so this could only be one thing. Stay out of my head, he warned, thinking loud as he could. You are not in a position to give orders, General. Hux startled to his feet, nearly dropping his datapad as he snapped to attention on sheer instinct alone. The Supreme Leader! Please accept my apologies, I did not-I thought- You expected Kylo Ren. You are forgiven the mistake, General, the Force-blind never can tell the difference. I am in communion with my apprentice, come join us. You have orders. And just like that, it was gone. The Supreme Leader was far more elegant in his methods of the mind, not tugging but simply announcing his presence in the aural and Wernicke areas of the brain, speaking directly to what processed sound instead of shouting over the brain. Now that he had a wider range of Force users in his brain, Hux knew that Kylo was as clumsy as a Nerf in a porcelain shop in manners of the mind. There was no time to dwell, however, checking his uniform over for a sparse second before hurrying to the holochamber. It would not do to keep the Supreme Leader waiting. Snoke was intimidating and awe inspiring, that much was true. Hux didn’t know if the Supreme Leader was as large as his projection indicated or not, but it wasn’t his size alone that did it. Snoke’s very presence was almost overwhelming, and ended up making Hux feel as if he were lesser than he was. That feeling had been all the stronger when spoken to directly, and it made seeing the man in the holochamber almost a relief in comparison. “Supreme Leader,” he greeted, bowing his head in respect before standing to attention, ignoring Kylo beside him. Kylo too seemed to ignore him, focused on his master. “Good of you to join us, General,” said Snoke, his voice like touching metal in the depths of winter with no gloves on. Cold, strict, but inevitable. “You and your ship are to set out immediately.” “Sir?” “There is a map I seek. It leads to the location of Luke Skywalker. I expect you’ve heard of him.” Hux didn’t bother to nod. Of course he had, everyone had. Luke Skywalker and his sister had brought down the Empire, sent them into exile in the Unknown Regions. And then he had disappeared with no trace fifteen years later. But apparently that was false. “The Knights of Ren have been searching for it on my orders, but it seems they fall short. There are a few pieces left missing, and I will have the full map.” Hux thought of Khee and how she had cried out in the Force for her master’s help and how Kylo had immediately taken his ship and brought her back with him. He thought of how Kylo was so proud of his Knights no matter that he knew so little about them. He thought of how Kylo admitted they wouldn’t ever be pitted against him, how he had said he looked out for them. Perhaps the Knights weren’t falling short, but the loyalties were perhaps different than they should be. “Only three pieces remain missing,” said Kylo, drawing Hux’s attention. “All six of my Knights search for it, even covertly in Republic space–” “And yet they have not found it. You coddle them and they do not grow strong as they should. They should be able to sense who has the information and take it from them, and yet they follow shadowy leads that bring about nothing. You will bring your Knights to heel and curb their weakness, Kylo Ren, or I shall do it for you.” Kylo bowed his head then, and Snoke’s attention turned entirely to Hux. He hadn’t faltered from attention at all, yet he felt the need to stand even straighter. “General, you will assist my apprentice. The Knights I have called back to my side, and Kylo Ren shall take on their task. He will meditate as much as possible to find the locations and you will go with him. Is that clear?” “Entirely, Supreme Leader.” Snoke stared him down before nodding slowly and saying, “You are dismissed.” With that, the hologram vanished, leaving the two there standing in silence. At least Hux finally knew what it was the Knights spent their time doing. “This is the first I’ve heard of any map,” said Hux calmly the moment they excited the chamber. Kylo was absolutely bristling beside him and Hux knew that a whole room could be destroyed. Delicacy was necessary. “What exactly is it a map of? ” “Where Luke Skywalker has gone,” snapped Kylo, the sound of his voice cruel through the modulator. “Yes, I did follow that. Where have your leads left you?” “Absolutely nowhere useful. But my Knights have found scraps and pieced together a whole map but for the last pieces of Skywalker’s journey.” “I am not questioning what your Knights have done. I have no doubt that Skywalker scattered them best he could and considering the man brought down an entire galactic regime I have high expectations according to his abilities. How haven’t your Knights been able to find the last pieces of the map?” Aside from that they’re all terrified to meditate because they think they’ll be addicted. The stinging comment rested on his tongue but he swallowed it back down. This was neither the time nor place for saying such a thing. “I don’t know. ” That was a tone of voice too close to destruction. This was dangerous territory they were in, and it was Hux’s job to get them out of it, lest someone (likely himself) would be hurt or something would be destroyed. “Alright. You know, our agreement still stands. The Supreme Leader just told you to meditate, if you meditate to find the map pieces then I’ll still tell you about the J’lean Empire.” Kylo turned to him at that, and the modulator picked up the beginnings of speech before they were abruptly cut off. Kylo stopped walking and stood in silence for so long that Hux was actually starting to worry. “Kylo…?” “I am holding six conversations in my head right now, Hux, I don’t have time for a verbal one as well.” The tone managed to come through as distracted, and Hux was startled. Kylo could talk to all six of his Knights at the same time? Impressive. Hux wasn’t sure he actually believed in that application of the Force, but the idea was certainly impressive. “If you’re just going to stand still to talk to them, at least come do it out of the way,” sighed Hux. Kylo followed behind him as he set off, to an observation deck that looked out over the planet that was half machine by that point. Hux simply looked down at the planet while beside him Kylo stood still and silent, managing to speak to six different Knights all at once. Hux found himself wondering about those conversations. Were they afraid that they had failed? Were they passing on leads? What sort of things did the Knights talk about in the privacy of the mind? He wasn’t sure how much time had passed, his chrono would alert him when it was time for his next shift. Finally, Kylo beside him gave a sigh and said, almost lost in the static caused by such a low volume, “First I must moderate my meditation, now I must dedicate myself to it?” “Are you questioning the Supreme Leader?” asked Hux, not turning from where he looked down at the planet, a white gem of snow, and tracked what he recognized to be a blizzard by now, trailing restlessly in the southern hemisphere nearby the barrel of the weapon. Weather patterns had become more erratic the more they shaped the planet to their whim, and Hux felt a familiar sense of wrongness in his stomach to think the planet was trying to kill them off the way a fever did a virus, freezing them out instead of burning them, as if the planet knew they would kill it. “I’m questioning my own understanding,” said Kylo, keeping Hux from his awful thoughts. “If I meditate too much I’ll get addicted, he’s warned me of that but now he asks me to meditate…” There was a play in the New Republic that had been the cause of outrage when it had crept into the outer limits of the First Order. A husband, an Imperial officer, who was trying to convince his wealthy wife that she was going insane so she would check herself into a mental care home and he could live comfortably off her fortune without having to deal with her. He told her to save her money and then chided her for being so frugal, denying that he ever told her to cut back on spending. He made the upper limits of the lights dimmer every day so when the wife called for lights at 100% they only turned up to 90%, and assured her she was imagining it. Hux had been on the council that agreed to ban it from ever being performed in the Order for such slanderous accusations against the character of their cultural predecessors. To even hear it read out by that clinical droid had made him feel ill. “Mrs. Rend says ‘Dear, don’t you think it’s a little dark in here?’ Officer Rend says ‘It seems fine to me. You did set the lights to one hundred percent, didn’t you?’ Mrs. Rend says ‘Yes, but it seems just a little darker than usual.’ Officer Rend says ‘It’s just as bright as always, dear. You’re just imagining it.’” Officer Rend had been manipulating his wife, made her volatile and made her suffer, and that this banned play was rising up in his mind to hear what the Supreme Leader had instructed Kylo to do was incredibly worrying. But Hux didn’t bother to dwell on it. He couldn’t afford to dwell on it. Snoke and Officer Rend weren’t the same; Officer Rend was propaganda lying about the Empire and Snoke was the powerful leader of the First Order. The only similarity was that the New Republic hated both. “I expect it means he believes you can resist,” said Hux. “If he has told you that you ran the risk of addiction before, then surely now he believes you strong against it.” It didn’t seem to placate Kylo, who still seemed tense. That was the stance of a man who was questioning whether or not he’d fulfill orders as they should be. “Do you doubt the trust Leader Snoke has put into you?” “I don’t know. He said that I was too close to addiction but now he wants me meditating more and I…I don’t doubt him but I…” Hux wanted done with this conversation. Wanted done with hearing Kylo sound so nearly vulnerable. Wanted done thinking about Leader Snoke and that banned play whatever its name was and didn’t want to think about why those thoughts were knotting up his stomach. But if Snoke treated his own closest apprentice like Officer Rend did his wife… No. Those were thoughts he couldn’t entertain at the moment. “If I am to run around with you after this map, I suggest you meditate. And I meant what I said, the deal still stands.” That caught Ren’s attention, of course it did. “What more is there to tell of the J’leans?” asked Kylo only. “There are scholars who have dedicated their entire careers to that empire, Kylo, do you honestly think you already know everything there is to know about it?” It took him a moment to realize that he had spoken to Kylo so familiarly, and cursed that Khee should have come and humanized the both of them to him. “I suppose not…Tonight?” Hux nodded shortly and kept staring out towards Starkiller even as Kylo took his leave. Kylo’s meditation wasn’t any less overwhelming, it seemed, no matter that he was doing it more often. Hux didn’t care much whether or not the man would go limp, focused instead on his work. Despite having aides, there was still a ridiculous amount of paperwork that he had to do himself even beyond just pressing his thumbprint to it. They had been at this for a few days now, Kylo meditating to try and find these map pieces, and Hux doubted that he could actually find anything. Whether or not the Force actually worked like that, if there were six Knights all constantly searching, how could just one succeed where six failed? “Why exactly are you searching for Luke Skywalker?” asked Hux when Kylo emerged from his trance. “He’s not shown his face in fifteen years. Why does the Supreme Leader see him as a threat?” “The mobility of the Knights,” said Kylo, not moving from where he lay on the ground, staring up at the ceiling. “Skywalker’s model for his school was to teach the next generation of Jedi without ever trying to remove them from the world. He let the students call their parents whenever they wanted, let them visit, all of it. He fostered weakness in place of control over one’s self.” “And that extinct school is important because?” prompted Hux, unable to understand. “Because Skywalker wasn’t killed with it. He’s still out there, and he’s incredibly powerful. It’s easy to think of him as an old man, but he’s not to be underestimated. The Knights, myself included, none of us are Masters of the Dark Side yet. We’re still just apprentices. And with all of us so far away from our Master, we’re vulnerable.” There was a lot of resentment in Kylo’s voice to admit it, and Hux raised his brows. That admission was surprising, both for that Kylo should have admitted it at all and that it should be the case. The Knights didn’t seem vulnerable. Just idiotic with their self-denying principles. “The Supreme leader said the knights were to return to his side.” “As well they should. Skywalker calls out in the Force to us, tries to tempt us, make us weak. It’s a call from the Light, and the shame of it is that we all feel it. And we all want to heed it. That’s why we have to be so strict with ourselves, otherwise we’ll be lured away to Skywalker.” “So you want to kill him.” “Yes,” answered Kylo, turning his head to finally look at Hux. “It’s the easiest answer. If we don’t kill him, then he’ll keep tempting us, and any other Force Users that we might find later. The Supreme Leader is concerned for us, that Skywalker’s lies will lead us astray.” Officer Rend often told his wife that he was concerned for her, Hux remembered, before banishing that thought from his mind. There was no reason to be thinking of that play. “And have you gotten any closer to finding anything?” “Hux, how large is the galaxy?” snapped Kylo. “Two hundred lightyears across.” “Do you know exactly how much space that is? ” Hux ran the math in his mind, silent for a long moment before saying, “Roughly two point eight nonillion kilometers across, and seventeen nonillion kilometers squared.” If Kylo was surprised Hux could do that sort of math in his head, he said nothing about it, saying instead, “Do me the honor of allowing me more than a few days to cover that much space to find three pieces of a map , please. Even your beloved Finalizer can’t cross the galaxy that fast.” Curiosity caught onto Hux at that. Kylo was casting his mind and seeking out a tiny piece of a map across the entire galaxy, and that was impressive. “What’s it like to do that?” he found himself asking, surprising both himself and Kylo. “Apologies, I know the Force is supposedly ‘beyond me.’” Kylo ignored the sarcasm then, standing and moving to stand behind Hux, a hand on either side of his head. “What are you–” “Shh. I need to concentrate if I’m to do this.” And with that, despite that Hux had his eyes open and could see his quarters, suddenly he was everywhere but his quarters. He was on a planet with an atmosphere mostly of Xenon, no oxygen and yet flourishing with life, he was in a total dark cave that was suddenly lit when he came across a bioluminescent insect colony, he was in a forest of trees whose roots alone dwarfed him, he was in prairie grasses that rolled like ocean waves in the wind, he was in a city teeming with civilians. He was travelling faster than should ever be possible through the vacuous expanses of darkness that was space between planets and stars. He ripped away from Kylo, rubbing his hands together to remind himself that he had a body, to settle himself down, and stared at Ren, who had the good grace to look at little embarrassed. “I should have taken you through a smaller corner of the Galaxy,” he said. “I thought three square parsecs would be small enough.” Three square parsecs. Was that all? There couldn’t have been more than five star systems there. And yet Hux had been entirely overwhelmed. And Kylo was searching every corner of the galaxy on his own. “Why has Leader Snoke delegated this task to only you?” he asked. “No one person can comb that much space thoroughly on his own. It’s inefficient to depend on one man for this.” “I can handle more than what I showed you, Hux.” “Well the larger the area you try to search the less precise you’re going to be!” Kylo raised a brow, looking endlessly amused as he said, “You’re honestly getting this upset about precision? ” That was the simple way out of this. Hux was famous for his attention to detail, his insistence on precision and accuracy, he could use that to get out of this. But there was more to it than that. Six Knights had worked every day on this, and were called back to Snoke’s side, each reaching for Kylo the very second he left their master’s presence. Six Knights were dismissed as falling short, Kylo had leapt to their defense. One man had to take up a mantle that had been borne by six together before him. Emperor Yun of the Eda Dynasty had gone insane in a search for an elixir of life, drinking mercury in a mad bid to live forever. He had dismissed every servant of the Royal Household and his wife had to hire them back secretly. He was convinced they were at war with neighboring countries and ordered his forces to attack, delegates only from his ministers (half of which were his infant children ) managing to keep the peace. He spoke to the moons and declared that since all four had been in the sky at his birth he was the child of the moons, and denounced his father as false, insisting his mother had been visited by the moons in human form, and that was why none had set while she was in labor. He was insane and pushed impossible tasks on people, telling them to find one who had never told a lie in their life so he could hear the first dishonesty from their lips and when they replied asking how they could ever know if they had never told a lie he had reportedly cried out “from the callouses of their feet!” and ordered a boat made of white marble like his “heavenly fathers” so he could go out into the sea and make communion with them. His bodyguards had to wear a plume of Kittigat Bird feathers to ward off evil and to prove their loyalty they had to stand still against a wall and let Yun throw knives at them and trust he wouldn’t hit them. He had been assassinated before the mercury could kill him, historians theorizing that perhaps his own wife had done it. “Hux, I know your head is always full of those Empires you study,” said Kylo slowly. “But thinking about mad emperors who needed to be killed for their good of their people in relation to the Supreme Leader is something I can’t just ignore.” “Emperor Yun asked impossible things of those following him and made them put themselves in danger to prove their loyalty. Asking one man to comb the entire galaxy for three pieces of a map is impossible,” said Hux, his voice soft at the realization that what he was saying might just be treasonous. Kylo tensed, and Hux realized he would be cut down by a lightsaber or perhaps choked to death. He only had a few seconds to prepare himself. What he didn’t expect was for Kylo to take him by the shoulders and say intensely, “You do not understand the Force, Hux. You think it an impossible demand only because you don’t and can’t understand.” “It seems–” “ Seems. Not is. ” There was an urgency to Kylo’s words that Hux couldn’t discern the meaning of, too wrapped up in what could be the first treasonous thoughts he had ever had. “This is not an impossible demand. The Supreme Leader is wise and he knows the limits of his apprentices. That’s why we’re Ren. You’re just misunderstanding.” Kylo was protecting him, Hux realized. This rebuke was proof that it was just Hux, Force-blind as he was, who didn’t understand. This was not treason, this was someone who couldn’t realize what was actually at play there. Hux was equally astounded as he was some strange emotion nearing offense. And then something caught his attention. “You’re Ren? What does that mean?” he asked. “I thought it was a title Snoke gave you and your knights.” “It is,” agreed Kylo. “We are the Knights of Ren because we are ren. He explained it to us when he created the title. It comes from a school of philosophy on Kong, it’s the superior person. They honor their master and are above all others. If you want any scholarly articles on it, I suggest you ask your doctoral friends.” “Professor Mabun, thank you for meeting with me,” said Hux as soon as the holocall went through. The Professor on the other side simply smiled and said, “Of course, General. It’s always a pleasure to speak with you. What can I do for you?” “I was wondering if you might actually know of anyone who is familiar with the philosophical schools of the planet Kong.” The surprise on Professor Mabun’s face was obvious as he asked, “Are you looking to be a philosopher as well, General?” “There’s a certain principle native to Kong that I want to understand a bit more about.” “I won’t pretend to understand. As it happens, the museum here is having something of an exposition from Kong, I might ask one of the docents about it. This is the first interplanetary exposition between museums, and I do want to thank you for that, General.” “It wasn’t by my hand that order and interplanetary citizenship was developed, Professor, I was only a child at the time.” “Perhaps, but you are part of High Command, and it’s thanks to you all that this can be maintained. I remember how things used to be, and no matter that we’re in a wartime military state, knowing that Aman Museum isn’t in danger of being looted by whatever warlord set their sights on Ni’k is a comfort. Have you ever heard of Nar Umen?” “She was a warlord who was executed in tribunal early in the Order’s jurisdiction,” said Hux, a bit slowly for casting his mind back to the old history lessons from the Academy. “She did have a hold over your system, I believe.” “And Aman Museum has only taken out some of its finest pieces of art since her death. There’s a statue of the myth of Pius, and is now considered one of the best examples of late Ulanish art, but no one could know about it for the thirty years she had hold over us. I was only just an intern here at the time, but Nar Umen was such a terror that us interns learned about some pieces’ existence simply because of their absence. She looted the museums to decorate her palace, and caused massive damage to a few pieces. The Order has provided us with so much peace, enough that pieces of art are going off world for the very first time, and for that I thank you.” Hux nodded, accepting the thanks. It was so odd, his childhood had been spent on starships while his father and the other officers started to build the Order and all he had known were the relics of the Empire and its military while the whole of the Unknown Regions had museums and universities, art and music. He had been taught that the First Order was creating unity and a common culture that no one had, but each planet already had vague connections with one another, already had Common Tongue, already had such elements of culture that no one ever mentioned to the children who had fled their homes in the Empire. There were those in Hux’s generation born on those starships that had never even seen actual trees or rain with their own eyes until the Academy was relocated from a starship to an actual planet. Even for Hux, who had some hazy memories of what his life used to be like before they fled, seeing a real city for the first time had been startling and almost terrifying, especially when the First Lieutenant he was walking with pointed to an almost too-opulent building with statues and gilt and said, “That is the National Assembly, built two hundred years ago.” They didn’t have gilt even twenty years ago, how could some planet from a place he had learned from his father was uncivilized have had it two hundred years ago? Hux spoke Standard first, and was passing conversational in Common Tongue, just like any other officer, but like those who had spent their formative years counting out food and water rations as they tried to hold something nearly like home together, he didn’t feel at ease with the culture of the Unknown Regions, not quite. They were better off than their parents, though. Hux’s father didn’t speak a single word of Common Tongue and adamantly refused to learn. “As for Kong, you think there will be a philosopher at your museum?” asked Hux. Professor Mabun nodded and said, “Almost certainly. The cultures of Kong are very different from those of Ni’k, we need various experts to help bridge the distance. I will put you in contact with whoever the philosophical docent from Kong is.” “Thank you, Professor.” “Now is that all?” “Actually, I did wonder about Emperor Yun’s plan for the floating palace. He designed it before the mercury drove him mad, yes?” It was things like this that had caught Hux’s interest in these ancient kingdoms. Emperor Yun’s floating palace had survived until Ni’k started building starships, he could still find the similarities, and Hux wanted to know everything there was to know about this man who had built such an ingenious design then lost his mind to self-inflicted poison. “Have you actually found someone to tell you about the principle of ren?” asked Kylo, rousing from his meditations. Hux had been chewing on the inside of his cheek, seeing the time count down until his agreed meeting and how Kylo just kept not leaving. “Please stay out of my head,” said Hux only. “Not my fault you’re projecting at me. You’re better than most though, usually you’re quiet with your thoughts.” Hux didn’t understand the Force, never would, but he didn’t have time to wonder about loud or quiet. “That aside, I have a meeting with Anointed Icona Liu in five minutes.” “Anointed? I’m not familiar with the term.” “From what I understand, Icona Liu is from a culture on Kong that anoints those who have around the same rank as a Professor with some sort of blessed oil. Now if you would kindly leave.” “The Supreme Leader only ever explained the principle of ren. I would like to know more about the philosophical school it was born from. Kong is very isolated, I’m sure it will be informative.” Hux didn’t pinch the bridge of his nose because that would be unprofessional and he wasn’t going to do that. Instead he gave a sigh and stared down the Knight that had only just sat back up from his limp sprawl. He gave no indication of leaving, and the look on his face dared Hux to even try and move him. Finally Hux said in a very terse tone, “Anointed Liu is from a culture that finds full holo calls to be distasteful and will be using only an audio call. You can sit in but only if you’re entirely silent. I don’t know what Anointed Liu will say, but please have an inch of respect for someone who actually knows and compares different schools of philosophy and don’t go off or send one of your Knights to kill them if they make some comment you don’t agree with.” “I won’t kill Anointed Icona Liu nor will I send any of my Knights to kill them,” promised Kylo, sounding far too pleased with himself. Hux nearly had a biting comment, but the call was suddenly put through, and he had to shift his attention to the voice on the other side. “General Hux? I am Anointed Icona Liu,” they introduced. “I am sorry, I have only simple Standard.” “I speak Common Tongue,” assured Hux, shifting to the other language. He wondered if Kylo spoke it. He didn’t show any signs of lack of understanding, at least. “If that will make the discussion easier. Simple understanding of a philosophical school is difficult outside of one’s natural language.” “Thank you General,” said Anointed Icona. “Now Professor Mabun said you have a question for me?” “Yes, I was wondering, are you familiar with the principle of ren?” “From Confu philosophy? Yes, of course. Confu Philosophy created the principle of ren, which was described by Confu himself in his work ‘Debates and Thoughts.’ He said that to achieve ren, ‘one should see nothing improper, hear nothing improper, say nothing improper, and do nothing improper.’ It was also described that one who followed the principle raised others when he wished to raise himself, and enlarged others when he wished to be enlarged. It’s both benevolence and the very nature of life. It’s love and respect all in one, recognizing one’s place in a larger connection that unites everyone through links of society so that no one is alone. It’s an inborn quality that everyone has, you cannot learn it, you can only access and understand it.” Kylo stiffened at that, but Hux had let him fall to the back corner of his awareness, focusing instead on what promised to be fascinating conversation. “And Confu believed in inherent goodness, I take it?” “Yes, the opposite of the philosophical code of the Order.” “I beg your pardon?” asked Hux, his voice going very brisk. There was some sort of insult in there, he could feel it. The fact that Anointed Liu refused to call him with a holo like most did prevented him from seeing them, and he wasn’t overly happy about that. “General, I simply mean that the laws and codes of the First Order tend towards an understanding of inherent evil that must be controlled. Know that Anointeds like myself do tend to apply their fields to the modern times. We would be stagnant otherwise. Laws are clear indications of philosophy, those of the Order are similar to Legalism here on Kong. I am not criticizing the laws, General, I simply mean to say that you must take an opposing stance to understand Confu and his school of thought.” “I was under the impression that the principle of ren was a superior person. One who was above all others.” “The phrase Superior Person was used in ‘Debates and Thoughts’ yes, but it isn’t quite what the phrase would suggest. Those who were ren were not above all others, they were what all should aspire to be . They were superior in that they had achieved what everyone should seek to achieve, not through inherent superiority.” “And where does ren fit among the rest of the philosophical school?” “It’s one of the Five Pillars,” answered Anointed Liu, sounding more and more pleased by how Hux was so interested. “The other four are Yi, Li, Xin, and Zhi. Justice, proper rite, integrity, and knowledge. Those five are the basis of the whole school, and are accompanied by the Four Virtues; loyalty, filial piety, temperance, and righteousness. There are at least a dozen more virtues besides, but those four are the highest.” Glancing at Kylo, who had gone entirely still over the course of the discussion, Hux said, “No, do go on, what other virtues does one who has achieved ren have?” “I must say, General, few people outside of Kong have ever showed such an interest in our philosophies. The other virtues are honesty, kindness and forgiveness, shame for misdeeds, judgment, a sense of right and wrong, bravery, gentleness, goodness and kindheartedness, respectfulness, frugality, and modesty.” And so they talked, Hux listening with great interest as Anointed Liu discussed the sister philosophies and how elements transferred across, how Confu philosophy was almost something of a religion in some places on Kong. Hux offered how the Eda Dynasy of Ni’k seemed to agree on some principles, and Anointed Liu went on to describe how Confu himself had written that all life was born with those principles inside them, granted by a force he never named to be a deity, and how Confu would point to exactly that as proof of his “universal force.” “The Knights of Ren would argue that was the Force,” said Hux mildly. “I must admit, General, I don’t actually know anything about the Knights and Supreme Leader’s Force. It’s quite foreign to Kong, and to the majority of Order citizens,” said Anointed Liu. “What with only eight people who can access it. I only know Confu’s.” The conversation slowed and petered out, and eventually they disconnected, with Anointed Liu assuring that they would be available for all other questions relating to Kong’s philosophical schools. And when the call was done, only then did Hux finally turn back to Kylo, who looked distressed, staring down at his shaking hands as if he didn’t understand why they should be shaking. “Kylo?” asked Hux cautiously, unsure of how to react. He thought he knew Kylo’s moods, had become quite good at dealing with them even when he was fully masked. But this was a new one. “My master told us that ren is the person who was above all others and honored their master,” he said. “And Anointed Liu said that was true. But they said ren is gentleness and forgiveness. That ren was the manifestation of virtues, that ren is the center of a web between all life.” Now the distress was taking on a panicked edge as he looked up at Hux and said, voice shaking, “My master never said that. The Knights remove themselves from that web, we remove ourselves from the rhythms and addictions everyone else has. He said that in doing so, that made us ren. But Anointed Liu has dedicated their life to studying it and they say that ren is everything but that.” Hux may not have known much about the Force, but Kylo had spoken so forcefully when Hux had doubted, as though the Supreme Leader was there and would strike him down that moment, that surely it was only right to return the favor. He took Kylo’s hands in his, stilling them as he said with a voice similar to that which he ordered his crew with, “Kylo, you’re a mystic. That’s what you are. A Knight of Ren is a mystic to my understanding. You’re not a philosopher. And you’re only still an apprentice, you’ve told me that. You aren’t going to keep up with philosophy, I didn’t keep up with at least half of what Anointed Liu told me, I had to piece it together best I could and I don’t know if I am putting it together correctly. The Supreme Leader is wise, we both know that, that’s why he is our Supreme Leader. He knows of Confu philosophy, he understands it far better than either you or I who have learned about it only moments ago. You have no reason to doubt him, all you’re doing is overthinking it like you always do. You overthought his order for you to meditate more, you’re doing it again now.” Whether or not Hux believed a word of what he was saying was beside the point. It was what he was supposed to believe, it was what Kylo had to believe, and for that it was enough. Kylo, for his part, stared at Hux, as if trying to find if he were sincere or not. There was no room for doubt, they couldn’t afford it. Finally, he nodded, and Hux tightened his hold a moment before letting go. But the doubt was planted in Hux too, even while he refused to admit it. For Snoke to lie so completely about the principle of ren to the Knights who dedicated their whole beings to adhering to it, to lie like Officer Rend, Hux found the seed of doubt was starting to grow, much to his dismay. He couldn’t let it be there, and yet there it was. Perhaps he should never have started this intellectual pursuit, for both his and Kylo’s sakes. “I found one,” said Kylo softly from where he was sprawled. “Neutral zone, on Sargan.” That caught Hux’s attention, looking up from the most recent report from Starkiller. “You’re certain?” he asked, staring at the limp knight. “Yes. I can see it. It’s in the home of Count Toggen.” “Does that mean Count Toggen is a Republic sympathizer?” “No, but it’s in his home. It was hidden there, he’s not aware of it. I can feel it.” Hux nodded, and immediately started composing the memo that all Finalizer personnel were to return to the ship immediately as they were to go to Sargan under the Supreme Leader’s orders. If anyone wondered why, the fact that it was an order from Snoke himself would likely placate the. No one else seemed to doubt Snoke like Hux was starting to, no matter how he tried to curb that. “Are you not going to question me, General?” asked Kylo, sounding almost surprised. “I remember very well when I came with you on your hunt,” said Hux. “Whether or not I could see as much as you does not change the fact that you certainly were very detailed about searching every planet. I am going to question you going down alone to fetch the map.” “Do you question my methods?” “In extraction? Yes. Count Toggen has been…violently neutral. Republic and Order ships are shot down indiscriminately and you storming down there demanding you be able to tear his home apart will not help us at all.” “Surely he can’t shoot down the Finalizer.” “There is a set of rings made up entirely of the ships they’ve destroyed. There’s more than a few star destroyers in there. Which is why I am questioning your extraction methods. There is a time and place for force, but sometimes you need prudence .” Kylo was finally sitting up with a sigh and asked, “What are you suggesting?” “Don’t go down as Supreme Leader Snoke’s primary apprentice. That’s too obvious. Be part of a delegation and then slip away. We’ve tried negotiating with Count Toggen dozens of times and those talks never go anywhere.” “Are you willing to provide that cover?” “I was ordered to assist you by the Supreme Leader himself and I obey my orders. Yes, I’m willing to talk in circles with Count Toggen to fulfill Leader Snoke’s orders.” Kylo nodded slowly at that and said, “How long will it take to get to Sargan?” “Not long, two days at most. Which gives us time to alert them to our coming to talk, that will keep us from being killed at least.” Kylo nodded, and was blessedly quiet as Hux began to delegate his forces, assuring them that they were not going to be shot down, composing the message for a vague discussion with Count Toggen, and coordinating with the Admiral-Generals of the Navy to close ranks and make up for the flagship’s movements. High Command had to be informed as well. Sometimes, Hux wondered if the Supreme Leader realized just how much of an effort obeying his orders really was, simply from an organizational standpoint. The shuttle contained Hux, Kylo, and a two other officers for their false discussion with the Count to seem at all plausible. This was an old dance, one that apparently Count Toggen found greatly amusing, if his warm response to let them come to his Brightstone Castle was any indication. The plan was to discuss, as such attempts always got around to, trading agreements of allowing political neutrality if in exchange they could purchase Talen Ore off the planet. It wasn’t even a false request, they really did need it, and if they just happened to manage to wring an agreement out of the man this time, it would be infinitely helpful alongside Kylo’s search and retrieval of this map fragment. As they left the Finalizer far outside of orbit (and out of range of the long range weapons that would bring her and all those onboard down), they didn’t have to brace for entry for a long while, all things considered. Plenty of time to see Sargan before them, a beautiful jewel of green and blue with a silver shining set of rings. But as they drew closer, it became clearer and clearer that the rings were entirely wrecks of the ships they had shot down, punctured the hulls of with long distance weapons and left to die. It was chilling, piloting through the still mostly intact wrecks. Sargan was violently neutral and efficient as anything, a small blow slaughtering every life on board in likely nothing more than a few minutes. There might still be some droids in there, floating around among the bodies of the crews that perished in the vacuum that stole all their oxygen, if some scavenger hadn’t plucked them up and picked the wrecks clean. How cruel, that Sargan wouldn’t even let anyone come collect the dead. But, thought Hux, it had managed to keep them out of the conflict. And anyway, that was why Shroud Burials had been borrowed from the Eetion culture of Ucalagon. Beyond the seemingly endless graveyard, the planet was still beautiful as ever, and seeing the planet so peaceful past a vast display of death might have filled a lesser man with apprehension. But Hux hadn’t let himself be intimidated by the vast power that the planet Starkiller Base was built into wielded, he wasn’t going to be intimidated by a planet ruled by a Count who talked them in circles for his own amusement. “Strap in and brace for entry,” the pilot announced, and all fell to practiced motions. Reentry was never pleasant, to go from the smooth lack of resistance of space to the rough currents of air resistance in the atmosphere was jarring and even still deadly. If some piece of equipment hadn’t been checked, the craft could still blow in the atmosphere. Everyone liked to pride themselves that that wasn’t the case and hadn’t been for as long as anyone could remember, but beneath it everyone knew the dangers. It could still happen and most rational pilots were wary when leaving or entering an atmosphere for that very reason. Transparisteel was a blessing, but Hux absolutely despised it during entry to planets. Annoyingly, Kylo didn’t seem as bothered as everyone else was by the flickering bands of purple fire that surrounded the craft as it forced its way past the high gases of the atmosphere of Sargan. There were whole ballads written about that flickering fire, some praising its beauty, some equating it to the very air trying to eat the ship, but either way no one was immune to looking at it and seeing how just a few inches of steel were protecting them from such impossible heat. “Peak heat reached at two thousand four hundred kelvin. All equipment functioning fully. Entering planetside blackout.” They had two minutes where no one on Sardan could monitor their craft. Those two minutes were consistently the longest two minutes anyone could ever experience and this time was no different. Time crept by inch by inch, everyone either staring at the flames that still engulfed their craft or simply staring at the metal surroundings and waiting. “Exiting planetside blackout. Six minutes to landing, estimated one minute to go subsonic.” “Are we to land at Brightstone Castle?” asked Kylo, sounding miraculously unbothered by the experience. “Not now,” snapped Hux, listening intently for the next announcement. From entry to landing was only ten minutes, but it was the longest ten minutes to anyone who had spent the majority of their life on spacecrafts. The Space Children, Hux’s generation was called, those too young to have been Exiles, but too old to be First Generation. Space Children were absolutely famous for not doing well on planets, and while Hux made it a point to force himself to thrive just as much on a planet as on a ship, he did admit that the reputation did hold the smallest amount of water. He never did do as well as the cadets when it came to entering and exiting atmospheres. “We are subsonic,” announced the pilot calmly, followed by a collective exhale that every passenger would deny heavily to be a sigh of relief. “Slowing further. Calling for permission to land.” Once planetside flight was fully engaged, Hux allowed himself to turn to Kylo and say, “Yes, Count Toggen might amuse himself with these talks but he can’t exactly let either First Order or Republic forces walk around the City of Vermol.” “Four minutes to landing.” “I expect everyone here is ready to deal with the Count?” asked Hux, turning to the two officers he had brought with them, Colonel Leisidh and Major Arding. They had done this at least once before at Hux’s side. “I expect it to be much the same as always.” The rest of the four minutes went slowly, until the craft finally touched down by Brightstone Castle. It was a fine place, a blocky base with an elegant spire competing with the very mountain it was built upon. The sun was shining off of the spire, lighting it up to shine silver. As it was, Hux never much appreciated architecture and instead walked on legs that he forced to be adjusted to Sargan’s slightly stronger gravity to greet the Count and his entourage. Count Victgilsus Toggen was of a species that was on average seven feet tall, without opposable thumbs but with a poisonous spike on their wrists. They were more at ease walking in a hunch with part of their weight resting on their knuckles, but could walk on only two legs for short spans of time. Count Toggen was, like most males of his species, the ones that incubated the eggs their children hatched from in an almost pouch under the arm and Hux noted that he had an egg under his left arm as he approached. Odd, Countess Hedwig was too old to have children, he thought. Custom meant he couldn’t speak first, due to rank, and Count Toggen seemed to be perfectly happy to leave them standing in silence a long time, though Countess Toggen at his side finally sneezed pointedly at her husband, prompting him to say, “General Hux of the First Order. Welcome to Brightstone Castle.” “Thank you Count Toggen,” said Hux. “We appreciate you agreeing to meet with us. And is it you I should congratulate on the child?” “Our grandchild, General,” said Countess Toggen. “Our youngest daughter was blessed with a clutch of three, and my husband offered to incubate one for them, as Ottokar didn’t have the room.” “Then when I see your daughter and son in law I shall congratulate them.” “You aren’t here to congratulate us on our grandchildren,” said Count Toggen. “Follow inside, we will talk there.” Hux followed, and glanced towards Kylo, surprised that no one had commented on the Knight. “Don’t talk to me, General,” said Kylo. “I’m tricking every person in this castle into not realizing I’m here. Once we get inside I’m leaving, I’ll wait in the craft when I’m done.” A fine trick, thought Hux as they followed the Count and Countess into the castle. On the walls hung Sargan Horns, the giant instruments more decorative than functional in Hux’s opinion, next to ancient shields painted with the emblems of Sargan’s many provinces. It was an exercise in showing off both culture and wealth and it didn’t escape Hux that Count Toggen was pointing out that Sargan was perfectly fine on its own. The course of events was to be the same as always, it seemed, going to the Great Hall to meet with the Count’s family before sitting down to discuss with all of them. Technically, the whole family ruled the planet, but Count Toggen was the one who always took the reins when it came to dealing with the Order, the rest sitting back and just watching him. Kylo had long since parted when they reached the Hall, and that was probably for the best, as when the doors opened it became very clear why Count Toggen had been so accommodating to let Hux and his officers come talk. They would be providing entertainment for the Count and his whole court it seemed, as Senator Estrid Storrada from the New Republic was already there with her aides. “Senator Storrada was already here and I saw no reason why a neutral planet couldn’t host two delegates at once,” said Count Toggen, sounding far too pleased with himself. “This should be fun,” sighed Major Arding, speaking in Common Tongue to disguise exactly what she was saying. “General,” greeted Storrada briskly, her arms folding in her too-elaborate sleeves. “I was not aware you had plans to come to Sargan.” “Nor I you, Senator,” said Hux, tone matching hers. Lord Ottokar, who was worrying over the positioning of the incubating eggs, seemed to be smiling a little too much and if there was one thing Hux hated above anything else, it was to be laughed at. He couldn’t do anything to Sargan, but it filled his chest with fury to have even Lord Otttokar laugh at him. Who was Ottokar? The husband of the third daughter of the Count. Lady Sigrdrifa wasn’t set to inherit the mantle of Countess, not unless her two sisters and five brothers all died. She was nothing, in the grand scheme of things, so why should her husband ever think he could laugh at Hux? “Senator Storrada was here to discuss the possibility for opening up Talen Ore trade,” said Count Toggen, still sounding pleased. “I believe that was why you are here too, General. So I thought ‘we might as well get it all out now’ and I asked the Senator to wait a few days, so that all parties could be present.” “You did forget to mention who the other party is, ” added Senator Storrada, still staring down Hux. The Count seemed unbothered and gestured for everyone to take their seats. “General, what about Lord Ren?” asked Colonel Leisidh, wisely speaking in low tones in Common Tongue. “He will be returning to the shuttle when his business is finished,” replied Hux in the same language and volume as they all sat. “For now, we just have to survive this. We’re here on the Supreme Leader’s orders we aren’t going to beat a retreat the second the Republic shows up.” Just surviving was probably the best descriptor for what followed by a long run. Count Toggen was playing the Republic off the Order and the same in reverse, and his family was only encouraging him. Colonel Leisidh looked moments from taking one of Senator Storrada’s ridiculously long sleeves and using it to strangle one of her aides who kept scoffing whenever the Order’s representatives spoke. Another aide was glaring such daggers at Hux that he wondered if he had ever personally offended the man or if it was just nationalism rearing its ugly head. It was getting hard to tell, these days. “Talen Ore is magnificent at holding in radiation that might otherwise hurt a population, and the Republic is planning on using what you might be willing to sell to help secure facilities that work with nuclear power and might be too close to civilian populations. I’m sure the Order will be using it for its other uses,” one of her aides was saying, and the lack of tact made it perfectly clear this was a new one. “If Madame Senator and her aides had looked into the properties when Talen Ore is smelted with iron, then perhaps they would realize that the properties of the Ore eliminate the need for insulation,” said Colonel Leisidh, the murderous look on his face on barely hidden and daring the aide to scoff one more time. “And if Madame Senator and her aides had researched the Order at all they might have realized that under General Yhen of High Command one of the main concerns of our leading council is to provide for its citizens. Whatever Ore the Count is willing to sell would be smelted and put to use creating homes for its citizens in less hospitable areas, both desert and ice.” “If it is under General Yhen that such projects are carried out, then why is it General Hux sitting with us now?” asked Count Toggen, almost exaggerating his question for the sheer purpose of seeing Senator Storrada’s hackles rise in response. “That would be because General Yhen is actually at work bettering the lives of the population,” said Hux calmly, seething as he was on the inside. “As both General of High Command and as commanding officer of the Order’s flagship, of course I came in his place. And anyway, the Order is approaching its twenty ninth anniversary of First Accord, and he is rather involved with that.” “First Accord?” asked Lady Olwen, the eldest daughter. “When the Exile generation made its first agreement with the first planet,” said Major Arding. “It’s one of the few times a year the Supreme Leader directly addresses the citizens. It’s held on Morpila, it’s very exciting.” “I’m sure you could find records of every previous First Accord if you were so inclined, Senator,” said Hux calmly, just to watch her jut out her jaw like she tended to do when angry. And if she had figured out his tell of clenching his fists she certainly had made good use of drawing out that tell every three minutes. And so they talked in circles, Order and Republic sniping at each other like children while Sargan’s Count and court watched with amusement. Hux prided himself on being a calm man, but when an entire planet’s court was laughing at him as he argued with a senator, could he be blamed for perhaps being a bit less than completely patient? “I simply wonder why a self professed military state wouldn’t even consider military applications of Talen Ore,” said Senator Storrada, folding her hands primly. “It does raise the question of if the Order is being truly forthcoming with its goals.” If Starkiller was ready, at this point Hux would shoot Storrada down personally. And maybe that scoffing aide. The entirety of the Hosnian system surely couldn’t be worse collectively than Senator Estrid Storrada. “You forget, Senator, that no one has declared war on anyone, there is conflict not war. We are a military state by virtue of the nation’s birth, and as Vetius says, ‘those who want peace should prepare for war,’” said Hux, clenching his own hands to restrain his anger. His legs itched to pace, but if he refused to indulge in that when he was among his own people he’d be damned if he ever indulged in front of a senator from the Republic and the court of Sargan. “Vetius?” asked Count Toggen, and that exaggerated tone he had been using to rile both sides up was oddly missing. “Now who is Vetius?” “A scholar of the ancient J’lean Empire of Yvinia. He wrote a treatise on the tactics of war employed by the King of Kings Seeck.” “You have grown much wiser since we last met, General. Senator, have you ever met a military man who could quote ancient texts and name the patron of the piece?” Some part of Hux purred deep within to see Senator Storrada jut out her chin and say, “I must admit, I have not met any general who busies themselves with ancient texts.” But that mood was destroyed when the Countess said, “General Organa is one of the pillars of Alderaanian culture, is she not? She must be a wealth of knowledge. Perhaps not so ancient, but just as impressive I would say.” Hux’s fists clenched as Senator Storrada relaxed, saying, “Yes, General Organa has been quite the ambassador for the survival of Alderaan’s culture. The Alderaanian Diaspora has found respect where they have settled, thanks to the General. Though in those instances she does act more as princess than military leader, as her role outside of warfare is more prudent.” The message was clear. That without this conflict, the Order and all those within it wouldn’t be anything, they had no rank and no credibility outside of ranks they had given themselves where the Republic’s foremost general was the de facto ruler of a diasporic people, but that was worth more than exiles and their children who built what they could. Hux was ready to damn near attack her, if it weren’t for his restraint. Still, Leisidh looked willing to do it for him, should he ask. Arding probably would be more subtle about it than launching herself across the table. “I must say,” said Count Toggen eventually, “I am getting rather hungry. Hedwig, are you?” “A bit,” agreed the Countess, and it seemed they would break for lunch. Hopefully Kylo had found that map piece and they could leave soon. But on the other hand Hux categorically refused to run away from dealing with the Republic. But the count only gestured, and food was brought before them. Of course. So the circus was to continue on, not even a need to stop for a moment. Wonderful. Sargan cuisine was meat based, and milky in taste. A bad deal for Arding, who was lactose intolerant. Still, the meal wouldn’t cause her anything worse than a mild stomachache by virtue of its preparation, and if her stony glare at the Republic’s representatives said anything she would endure through spite alone. At least the Count was being kind enough to provide them with Sargan's famous absinthe as well. Hux needed that drink to get through the rest of this. He hadn’t counted on this farce dragging out so long. If Talen Ore wasn’t so desperately valuable for a vast number of the First Order’s projects, Hux would leave Sargan entirely alone. If Kylo wasn’t likely to get himself blown up by the Count’s defense system, Hux would have let him come alone. There was a pause as the meal was settled before them, and when the absinthe came out so did cultural differences. Countess Toggen was to prepare hers first, using the elaborate fountain of water to drain over a sugar cube that sat on a delicate gold spoon. The rest of the royal family prepared theirs, and only when they were done could the rest turn to theirs. Colonel Leisidh didn’t drink, and offered his glass to the others, which Hux filled with a measure of water. Senator Storrada stared at them, but who cared what she thought? Taking a sugar cube, Hux soaked it with absinthe for a moment before pulling a lighter from his coat to set it aflame, dropping it into the drink. The absinthe was immediately aflame, drawing a few gasps of alarm before Hux poured in the measure of water, putting out the flames and passing the empty glass and lighter to Major Arding to prepare her drink. “So uncivilized,” murmured one of Storrada’s aides, clearly not meaning to be heard, but Hux turned to them anyway and said, tone chilly, “I’m sorry, do you have a problem with how we drink our absinthe?” “Traditional Sarganian Absinthe is to be prepared just as the Countess did. Unless you weren’t paying attention, General?” “Absinthe is produced across the galaxy. It’s produced in the Order too. If we prepare ours with fire what is it to you?” “It does seem to be something of a fire hazard,” said Storrada, sipping at her pearly drink. “Only if one doesn’t know how to prepare it.” Arding, at his side, was already dousing the flames easily, passing Hux his lighter again. “Sir, permission to strangle the senator or her aide?” asked Colonel Leisidh, speaking in Common Tongue. Hux might have smiled at the dry tone if he were not staring down that very senator. Instead he merely replied in that same language, “Denied, Colonel. But rest assured the Republic’s opinions on our alcoholic preferences won’t change how we do things.” “What language is that?” asked Lady Sigrdrifa, sipping her drink with interest. “Common Tongue, spoken throughout the Western Crescent. Unknown Regions, you would think of them.” “I think all discussions should be kept in Standard, don’t you, Count?” asked Senator Storrada. “I must agree,” said Count Toggen, looking delighted by the sniping over even just methods to prepare a drink. “For the benefit of all parties, General.” “I don’t like Toggen,” muttered Major Arding in Common Tongue before a glance from Hux made the woman sit back and switch back to Standard. Fair enough, few people who dealt with him had any great love for the man, but this was a new form of torture. “Now that we all have lunch, let’s continue talking. You both have explained why you need Talen Ore, but not how you would protect my planet from being pulled apart to get every last bit. We’re not a Golden Ganzi, you know.” “Victgilsus, they don’t know the story,” murmured the Countess at his side before subjecting all of them to a children’s story about a Ganzi bird that laid eggs of pure gold once a day, and when the villagers who had profited from it killed it to get all the eggs at once, they found that there were no eggs inside and they lost the treasure forever. Hux nearly gave permission to Colonel Leisidh to go ahead and strangle that scoffing aide when they praised the story for its wisdom. It was nearly night at Brightstone castle when they left, Senator Storrada to her elegant craft and Hux to his own. As predicted, Count Toggen had let them talk in unending circles and take cheap shots at one another, their tongues sharper for the absinthe, before ultimately saying that Sargan would not be taking either of their offers, thanking them for their time, and leaving the room with his youngest daughter and son in law close at his side to check on their egg. Hux was tired, angry, and seeing Kylo Ren near lounging in the shuttle nearly made him snap. “I sensed Storrada,” said Kylo only. “I’m sorry you had to deal with that. After the third hour it became clear you weren’t coming back any time soon, so I went to Vermol and took this. I thought you might need it.” And he produced a large bottle of Sarganian Absinthe, which Hux had full plans on igniting as much as he damn well pleased. “As General of the First Order I have to lecture you for stealing anything from a neutral planet,” said Hux calmly. “But as someone who spent the last few hours being played for the amusement of a man and his family and court, I’m glad it was alcohol you stole.” Kylo snorted at that, the sound mangled by the helmet, securing the bottle to not be disturbed in takeoff. “I was successful, by the way.” “Good. At least something turned out well.” “General, if you’d strap in, we’ll take off now,” said Captain Bering. Seemed everyone was eager to get off the planet. Leaving a planet was just as stressful as entering, and the buildup was worse, with having to break the sound barrier instead of descending from it. “One minute to sonic,” came the warning, and all passengers began their huffing breaths to keep themselves from passing out. Except, infuriatingly, Kylo Ren. Kylo didn’t seem at all bothered, and Hux wanted to know why this man thought nothing of entering or exiting a planet’s atmosphere. Hux himself had done it more times than he could count but the stress never went away. Maybe that was born from spending the majority of his formative years in space, like everyone said happened to the Space Children. A crashing boom signaled their speed had built up, and they could breathe normally again as they built up faster and faster. Still, they were only a few miles off the ground, and the atmosphere on Sargan was thick. Once they were clear they could relax, even unstrap themselves, but damn air resistance put up a fight. They were five minutes into the flight when the radio came to life and said, “Brightstone Castle to Shuttle FN-005, No Return, copy?” “Shuttle FN-005 to Brightstone Castle, No Return,” replied Captain Bering. Any attempt to return from this point would be viewed as an attack and they would be shot down. Not that any of them had any intention whatsoever of returning unless they absolutely had to. Three minutes later, the shaking of the craft began to grow still, and three minutes after that Captain Bering announced, “We are clear of atmosphere on route to Finalizer, ETA nine minutes.” “You all hate flying,” commented Kylo. At least he was in a good mood. “I think perhaps we just have greater concern for our lives,” said Hux, unstrapping himself. “Your business was successful?” “Yes, and I have informed the Supreme Leader. He will want to meet with both of us when we return to the Finalizer, General.” A short nod was Hux’s response, mentally balancing it against when his next shift was on the bridge. Not until the next Standard day, at this point. It didn’t matter, anyway. If the Supreme Leader called, you came and it didn’t matter if you were working at the time or not. The flight once in space was smooth and fast, even if they had to sail through the graveyard of ships again. Hux actually thought he recognized one of them and quickly turned away. It didn’t do to look at a body and wish to see light in its eyes. Wishes did nothing. Hux could honestly say that he had never seen Snoke happy. At least until now. When Kylo revealed that he had managed to retrieve a map part, Hux had the odd experience of actually seeing the man something like pleased. At least the day was going to turn out something close to alright, if they had made the Supreme Leader happy. Even if it was for a map that led to someone who actually hadn’t caused any trouble in fifteen years, no matter if he apparently called out to the Knights of Ren. What did “calling out” even mean? “You doubt the importance of the map, General?” asked Snoke, turning to him. Hux felt the urge to stand even more at attention, not that it was possible at this point. “I…I do not understand the importance of the map, Supreme Leader,” said Hux. “Ren has explained that it leads to Luke Skywalker, but if he hasn’t done anything for fifteen years, why the desperate need to find him?” “It is in the interest of the Knights of Ren. And as the Knights of Ren are the protectors of the Order, then it is in the interest of the Order. That is all you need to know, General.” The Knights being protectors was only in title, at best. The actual protectors were the military, but if seven Knights who were volatile through self-denial on all fronts were to be named protectors of the Order, so be it. But it was enough of a truth that Hux bowed his head in acceptance, not wishing to question the Supreme Leader, least of all to his face. “Kylo Ren,” said Snoke, turning back to the Knight. “You have done well. To think, all six of your knights had all worked to find that for months and you managed it in a matter of weeks.” Kylo visibly seemed to shift under the praise, almost puffing himself up, but it deflated suddenly when Snoke continued, “But you have been courting addiction to meditation in your efforts. You must meditate less.” “You told me that I was to meditate more, to-to find this piece of the map,” said Kylo, sounding clearly uncertain. “But not to be addicted. Khee and Obsi both are trying to break their addiction to meditation, what example do they have if their leader falls prey to it? I told you to meditate when necessary, not to meditate more. ” Kylo bowed his head in acceptance even as a knot began to twist in Hux’s stomach to hear it. He was well aware that the Supreme Leader had said “meditate as much as possible.” It’s perfectly bright in here, darling, I’ll show you. Lights, fifty percent. Lights, one hundred percent. See? Hux banished that damn play from his mind fast as it came, refusing to dwell on it. He didn’t understand the Force, he had been told that often enough, and it wasn’t his place to question it. So he wouldn’t. Simple as that. Finally, the Supreme Leader ended the call, and left the two alone in the great cavernous chamber. Kylo was nothing but tension so Hux turned to him as the door closed behind them and in a moment of sympathy offered, “Would you like to spit in the Republic’s face and drink burning Sarganian Absinthe with me?” “I expect that has something to do with that incredibly long meeting today,” said Kylo, his voice far more guarded than it had been even an hour before. “And no, alcohol is an addictive substance, the Knights are forbidden it.” “Then will you help me ignite my drink?” Kylo looked at him a long moment before nodding slowly and said something in a language Hux had never heard before. It was vowel heavy and the sounds repeated themselves throughout the phrase. Kylo caught himself midword, though, and said, “Apologies. I will join you, yes.” “What language was that?” asked Hux, actually intrigued. “I don’t actually know. It’s Quen Tor Ren’s native language, I’m talking to him now.” “In your mind?” “Yes.” No more was offered, and Hux was left to wonder what they were talking about, but he supposed it didn’t matter. Leading the way back to his quarters, Hux began to wonder instead when he had started being so comfortable with Kylo being in his space. Possibly from that deal he had made and with Snoke’s orders of meditation (and he refused to think about Officer Rend in that damn play at that memory) the increased time they spent together. Kylo had been altogether less destructive since Snoke had passed down that order, and now that he had rescinded it with this new order to curb his meditation for the benefit of Khee and Obsi Ren, Hux began to worry about his ship again. But now was not the time for it. Instead, Hux took out a glass and poured in perhaps a little too much absinthe. “Are you familiar with absinthe?” he asked, turning to Kylo, who was pulling off his helmet. “Not particularly. Alcohol is forbidden to us, and we were all still children when we went to Snoke. My mother drank it sometimes. My father always thought it was too fussy a drink,” he said as he set the heavy helmet aside. The momentary glimpse into Kylo’s past, small as it was, was a surprise, but Hux merely asked, “How did your mother prepare it?” “She had some spoon she would pour water over, I think? The last time I saw my mother I was fourteen, Hux, and the last time I spent any significant length of time with her, I was ten. Forgive me if my memory isn’t quite up to speed.” “So she prepared it in the Sarganian method. Traditional, more commonly drunk in the Republic. It’s no secret you’re from the Republic, Kylo, you didn’t know about First Accord until a few years ago, and every child born in Order space knows about First Accord. We prepare our absinthe differently over here.” “You did say something about lighting it on fire,” said Kylo dryly, sittng down as Hux collected a small glass of water and found a sugar cube. “Exactly. We were served absinthe in Castle Brightstone, they did us that hospitality at least, and Senator Storrada and her aides called us uncivilized for preparing it as we knew it. Cooking the absinthe makes for a stronger drink, and adds a flavor that the sugar water doesn’t.” As he spoke, he soaked the cube on a spoon before setting it aflame, making sure it caught. “So I am going to cook this glass as long as I damn well please.” “And spit in the face of the Republic.” “As hard as I possibly can,” agreed Hux, dropping the sugar into the drink and watching it burn as he broke apart the cube to spread the sugar through the drink. “Where exactly was the map piece?” Kylo produced it, a small data stick that didn’t look like it held the key to finding Luke Skywalker. It looked like it would hold administrative files, if anything. Hux had expected something more dramatic, from what he knew about Force Users. “This was hidden in a cache beneath the Bright Stone.” That sounded more like it. The Bright Stone gave its name to the Castle and was traditionally kissed, forcing those who tried to hang upside down from an impossible angle to reach it. It was difficult even for those of Count Toggen’s species. What the kiss was supposed to achieve, Hux did not know, but the first time he had come to deal with the Count, the man had made Hux kiss the stone, holding his ankles as he dangled over a drop that went down not only the castle but the mountainside as well. “How did you get it? It’s hard enough to get at to kiss.” As he spoke, Hux poured in the water, putting out the flames and stirring it together, giving the absinthe its pearly quality. “ Have you kissed the Bright Stone?” the tone was starting to approach something like normal, which was a comfort in the face of Kylo’s clear distress over Snoke’s orders and counsel. “Once. My first time on Sargan. I was a Major General at the time, coming with General Yhen. Count Toggen thought it great fun to dangle a First Order Officer by his ankles over a three kilometer drop and make him kiss a rock.” There was actually a twitch of a smile on Kylo’s face at that. “I’m so glad you find amusement in that,” he said, sarcasm overflowing from his tone as he took a sip of his drink. Far better than if prepared with those pretentious spoons. “The Bright Stone is no more easily accessed even with the Force,” said Kylo. “The only thing easier is that you don’t actually need anyone else to hold your ankles. The Force does that.” “And you reached into the cache and found that?” “Yes. Easy enough, once you know it’s there. Whoever hid it clearly didn’t expect anyone to ever know the cache was there.” Hux shook his head. Force Users and their dramatics. “You were speaking to one of your Knights earlier. I expect he was extending congratulations?” “Petitioning me to explain to our master that he had searched Sargan and hadn’t found it. Asking me to explain how difficult it was to find. Snoke doesn’t forgive mistakes easily.” His voice had grown quiet, and Hux wondered if he thought meditation was a mistake. Kylo must have been listening to his thoughts as he immediately said, “Of course I do, I disobeyed his orders. I interpreted them wrongly and now I fail my master, myself, and my knights. Obsi struggles so much with meditation addiction and I show him that his master is weak?” “You were following orders,” said Hux, his voice oddly soft, clearing his throat and sipping from his pearly green drink to cover it. He shouldn’t be speaking so softly to Kylo Ren. “I meditated too much. I run the risk of addiction, not just indulgence, I have strayed well and far from the path.” Hux said nothing, unsure what he could say. He didn’t understand the training the Knights underwent, he didn’t have a lick of Force sensitivity, what place did he have in such a conversation? “You know,” he finally said, “First Accord is in two and a half weeks.” “Yes, and?” “And as a General of High Command and as the commanding officer of this ship, I am expected to attend. Most of the ship will receive leave that day, and the Stormtroopers will receive a day of rest. I’m expected at the festivities, and General Yhen has been saying that when your Knights began to move through Order space more conspicuously it brings up the morale of the people.” “Unfortunately, they have gone back to our Master.” “But you haven’t.” “Hux, what are you–” “Lao of the early Eda Dynasty is revered for his masterpiece ‘The Art of War.’ He is still quoted, though few know exactly who he was. I was fascinated by his writings, especially his wisdom to write ‘There is no instance of a country having benefited from prolonged warfare.’ The people need to see an end to this conflict, at least in the distance. And part of that is to see those who lead them partaking in peace just as much as war.” “And you want me to attend the festivities of First Accord,” finished Kylo, folding his arms as Hux took another drink from his glass. “The Knights of Ren are titled as the protectors of the Order. But the people so rarely see them, even less than the Supreme Leader. And with the rest of them back with the Supreme Leader…” “I don’t deal with politicking, Hux. You’ve snapped at me plenty times that I’m at best supercargo on this ship. I’m not part of the Order.” “You’re part enough. It will help. You don’t have to take off the mask, no one will recognize you if you even do. Just sit with High Command, watch the festivities, salute the Supreme Leader, show off your lightsaber, that will be enough.” “Have you been think about this a long time?” asked Kylo, raising a brow. “Long enough.” And if part of that was imagining how Kylo would look speckled with the dyed chalk that Morpilans from the city of Benau tended to throw into the air in celebration, that was beside the point. “I am not throwing any chalk.” “You’d look quite fetching, speckled with pink.” “I hope someone throws some right in your face.” Hux smiled, hiding it behind his glass. At least Kylo wasn’t half so still and silent in realization of Snoke’s orders. Vaguely, he wondered why he even cared about Kylo’s emotional state. If Kylo was angry or distressed or any other strong emotion he would destroy part of the ship, he rationalized. And that business with the communications hub was reason enough to try and avoid that ever happening again. “Shall I inform General Yhen that you will be attending?” Kylo rolled his eyes but didn’t say no. That was as close as they were going to get. Kylo meditated once a week now, hardly the almost daily bursts he used to maintain. And still they were done in Hux’s quarters in his moments of downtime. But this time, when he roused from his searches, Kylo looked at Hux and said, “You mentioned the Eda Dynasty. Tell me about them.” “Sometimes I wonder if you just use this meditation as an excuse to grill me about my academic pursuits,” said Hux. “Wait at least a moment, I’ve the rest of this report to deal with before I can amuse you.” Kylo shrugged languidly, barely moving from his sprawl on the floor. He didn’t quite relax so fully anymore, and that was probably due to the inconsistencies of Snoke’s orders. But Kylo’s habits really weren’t Hux’s to worry about. Signing off on the report, Hux pulled up the folder on his datapad filled with information of the Eda Dynasty. He didn’t think Kylo would be interested in the court records, which was a shame. “What about the Eda Dynasty do you want to know?” asked Hux, looking down at the Knight. “Who were they? Where were they from? You spoke about shared values to Confu philosophy, I didn’t miss that,” said Kylo, finally sitting up. “They were a Dynasty in the southwest of the continent Tarim on the planet Ni’k. They inherited from the Wara Dynasty, took over from them in warfare. They were the last Dynasty, for a long time Ni’k had the planetary council and the Eda Dynasty as the sole two governing bodies. They fell under Emperor T’um, though they were in decline a long time before they fell apart.” And so Hux found himself going over the basics of the Dynasty, and when he began to talk about the flourishing kennings of the court poetry, Kylo cocked his head and asked, “What is a kenning?” “A kenning is to name one thing by another. By a series of references, you have to know what they all refer to in order to understand exactly what is being named.” There was no understanding in Kylo’s face so Hux sighed and said, “Here, I’ll show you.” Quickly pulling up one of the first poems he saw he said, “Apparently half the meaning and poetry is lost when translated from Unedan to either Common Tongue or Standard. The Edan court was very fond of puns. This one is a love poem, and the author constantly says ‘I have kissed blood.’” Turning to the poem he read out a few lines, “‘Fire spreads through my soul and ignites me with love, for she with the sky eyes has looked upon me. Oh from lip to lip it flickers and dances, I have kissed blood.’” “Kissed blood?” “Through a series of references it means ‘I have fallen in love.’ Apparently. But that is a kenning.” “How does kissing blood mean love? ” “I don’t know, Kylo, I’m not an expert in poetry, let alone Edan court poetry. I am fascinated with these cultures and I study them, yes, but I am still a General. That is my foremost profession and concern.” In the face of Hux’s sudden snap and sudden use of his name, Kylo was silent, but held out his hand for the datapad. Passing it to him, Hux berated himself for snapping over something so trivial. There was no reason to have reacted like that, none at all. Kylo was looking at the poem, and at the notes that Professor Mabun had left about the kennings and meanings, and finally said, “Kissing blood, it’s in reference to Orphole and Ci’an, two mythical lovers. They fell in love on the battlefield when they fought each other, at the taste of the other’s blood.” “Every culture has its oddities,” said Hux. “There is a J’lean myth of a hero who fell in love with his rival the very moment he killed them.” Kylo looked up at him and said, “That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard.” Hux snorted a laugh to hear it before saying, “You’ve only got one more of these meditations before First Accord. Do you want to spend every moment discussing Edan kennings and mythical lovers?” The look on Kylo’s face was answer enough and Hux took back his datapad and said, “That type of poetry really grew while the Imperial court started to be focused inward, and it led to riots because the Emperor wasn’t caring for his people and was instead writing poetry all day.” “Was that the fall of the Empire?” “No, the fall came six hundred years later. This began the Rebellion of the States.” This was history Hux was more comfortable in. Military history. The methods were different by virtue of ancient versus modern methods of war, but the concepts were the same and this he never faltered in like he did other parts of history. Kylo at least still seemed interested. Until a message came and Hux stood, saying, “I’ve a meeting with General Yhen. Try to not destroy anything in the next week.” “Such little trust.” “You’ve not given me much ground to trust you.” Kylo’s response was an easy shrug, the relaxation of meditation still about him as he scooped up his helmet and placed it over his head. “Until next week, General.” Notes: Things Hux likes: Space-Confucianism, Space-Bohemian method absinthe Things Hux doesn't like: Space-Switzerland, Space-Blarney Stone, Space-gaslighting, not being allowed to talk smack, and real-world atmospheric entrance Well, at least he's got a day off coming up. Chapter 4 Notes: First of all, thanks to everyone who's left kudos or commented, you guys are absolutely wonderful. And secondly, you guys were right, it's time for what more or less equates to Space Holi! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Morpila was something as close to a capital planet as the Order had, for it was with the Morpilans that the First Accord had been made. And once a year, Morpila was full to brimming with citizens come to celebrate that very agreement. Stormtroopers, regarded by most as little more than programmed machines, received a day of rest, were allowed to go without their armor, the officers were given a free day to enjoy the celebration, and the citizens got a holiday. Benau was, that day, filled with songs, music, dancing, parades, and pageants of all sorts. As a member of High Command, Hux was to sit with the other Generals in a box that overlooked the main square of Benau as the parades passed, and to throw a handful of colored chalk in celebration from time to time. Restraint was asked of all members of the military, but on First Accord, even the strictest smiled. That much was clear when General Delan smiled to see the wind that plagued that day dusting her fellow Generals with the color that was caught in the wind. Their dress greys were all tinted blue and red from it, but they were a sight better than those below, who were all the colors one could imagine. Kylo didn’t seem displeased or pleased, and that was perhaps all that could be expected of him, sitting with the Generals and being pointed to by all those below and probably all those who watched the festivities on their holos on different planets. All the Order would see that the Master of the Knights of Ren, the Protector of the Order and Snoke’s own Primary Apprentice was joining them that day to celebrate First Accord. “Stop looking so smug about my being here,” said Kylo, barely even turning to Hux. “Apologies, Lord Ren,” said Hux, a smirk on his face as he watched the end of a parade pass. After this, he would make his way through the streets to meet with his parents. He wasn’t looking forward to it all that much, but he so rarely saw them. “But I did have some hand in it. You’ve never come to First Accord before.” “He’s right,” agreed General Yhen. “I was incredibly surprised when he told me you were to join us, Lord Ren.” “I had no orders from my master to prevent me from coming,” said Kylo, and were he anyone else, Hux would have snorted to hear it. It almost sounded like Kylo had wanted to come to this holiday in the past. As he spoke, the wind carried towards them another bout of red chalk dust, but while it settled on the rest of them, Kylo remained entirely untouched. “I’ve heard that you can stop blaster bolts,” commented General Delan dryly, “but I’ve not heard of deflecting chalk dust. Is this a new technique?” “Same principle applied differently,” dismissed Kylo, watching the last of the parade pass by. With the parade done, the Generals would disperse, and while Hux would have simply left before, now he turned to Kylo and said, “You agreed to demonstrate your lightsaber, didn’t you?” “In an hour, yes, before the Supreme Leader’s address,” agreed Kylo. “Then you have an hour to enjoy the festivities. That’s what the rest of High Command is doing.” “Hux, I am not going to go dancing in the streets in full armor.” “Perhaps. But sitting up here while the rest of Command is gone is quite the odd sight. At least walk around. You agreed to come so that the people might see you, let them see you. You needn’t be human to them, only a symbol. If you can walk through those crowds and emerge not covered in chalk, that will be enough for them I think.” With that, Hux turned and walked away. What Kylo deigned to do or not do was not his concern. Stepping down from the box, Hux found himself in the midst of the celebration. Circle dances were popular on Morpila, in so many styles and variations that he couldn’t name them all, and he found himself skirting the edges of many such dances, and by the time he made it to the hotel his parents were staying at, his hair was already mostly pink, and the back of his neck was bright blue. At least no one would demand anyone look perfect on First Accord. That was rather the point of the day; a day where no one, not even the military, had to be perfect, and no one was spared from the festivities. High Command suffered through what would be called indignity any other day, and if the songs were more irreverent than usual no one raised a brow. As it was, the older songs were being sung in the area of the celebration Hux’s parents were in. He remembered those songs from when the Academy, still based on the ship, had had its day off to celebrate the First Accord. They were more formal, less available for the energetic dancing of Morpila, and really only those of the Exile generation sang them anymore, especially with the heavy handed references to that same exile. They didn’t resonate with the younger generations, let alone to those native to the Western Crescent. Still, they were nice to hear again. They were the old celebratory songs of his childhood, and he was fond of them for that. “All hail to the day that merits more praise than all the rest of the year, and welcome the night that doubles delight as well for the poor as the peer,” sang those who danced those late Imperial dances, stately and elegant but light in the foot. “Good fortune attend each merry man’s friend that doth but the best that he may; forgetting old wrongs with carols and songs to drive the cold exile away!” Most younger celebrants didn’t bother coming to dance with the Exile Generation, but it didn’t mean that they were exempt from the vibrant traditions. Even as Hux stepped around the dance, a trio of Morpilans were throwing chalk over the dancing crowd, adolescents who clearly found great joy in their little prank on their elders. And now with his shoulders speckled with green, Hux finally managed to find his parents, his father complaining about the irreverent nature of those adolescents to whoever would hear while his mother, sad eyed as usual when next to her husband, dutifully nodded before seeing him. “Brendol, darling!” she said, going to him. Chameleon that she was, Mathilde Hux was dressed in the native costume of this corner of Morpila, sliding into the customs and acclimating. It was her great strength, acclimation, and her son had long learned to respect that ability. Seeing her seamlessly move into the culture of any planet they approached had been almost a magic trick, as a child, and now he saw it through adult eyes and was impressed by the fact that she could do it so well. “Happy First Accord, mother,” he greeted, letting her press a kiss to his cheek, leaving a stain of turquoise. “And to you, Brendol. Your father’s not happy with the ‘irreverent youth’ again.” Glancing to where the Commandant was mopping his face clean of green chalk, Brendol merely said, “I can tell.” “They have no respect!” insisted his father, saluting his son shortly. Brendol did the same, used to never quite dropping rank around his father. He didn’t think they had ever been just father and son before. “When you were their age, you knew how to behave.” “All due respect, when I was their age I was attending an Academy still very based on a starship. First Accord was still celebrated in the context of the Academy. Are you sure none of the cadets now aren’t doing the same as Morpilan civilians?” “Brendol, don’t antagonize your father,” sighed Mathilde. “He’s too old to dance, so he’s told me, so that falls to you now.” Such was the solution Mathilde always fell to when a rift threatened to form on First Accord; taking one of them to go dance. Admittedly, it worked nearly every time. Brendol didn’t like dancing that much, but at least the Late Imperial dances that were so popular among the Exile Generation weren’t so exuberant as those native to Morpila. He wasn’t able to move his body in such fashions as the dances required for the Benau dances, let alone those from other parts of the planet. Late Imperial dances were far easier. Sliding into the existent dance was easy, simply forming another quartet to add on to the grand circle with another duo. Spinning his mother around and taking hands with her and with this woman he had never met before to the best of his knowledge, it fell into simple muscle memory, and he found his eye caught by a flash of dark hair colored with turquoise chalk drawing fleeting attention. There was no reason to, but still he looked, and he found himself almost… disappointed to see it was simply Shara Kypling, a girl he remembered from that shared childhood on the ship headed to the Unknown Regions. Shara had been perfectly willing to sit with him in some corner of the training hall that had been changed, if somewhat haphazardly, into a communal playing ground for the Exiles to send their children to when they didn’t have the patience to deal with them. No other child on that ship had been willing to stop running around playing tag to sit with Brendol to play with his atlas but Shara. He shouldn’t be disappointed to see her, he had something near fond memories of her, even if they were colored by his father’s reminders that “no matter if the Kypling family is on our ship; that does not make them our equals. ” But despite the name “social dancing” there wasn’t any opportunity to talk, really, let alone between quartets. Perhaps he could find her later, just to wish her a happy First Accord. If he didn’t have to rush to be present to see Kylo’s saber display. Everyone would be there, so at least walking Shara to see it wouldn’t be too out of the question. The dance was coming to an end, and his mother kept giving him pointed looks that he wasn’t singing with all the others in the grand circle, and so with a sigh he joined in, if somewhat unwillingly but for reputation, “This time of the year is meant for good cheer when neighbors together meet to sit by the fire with friendly desire each other in love to greet! Old grudges forgot, now put in the pot, all sorrows aside they lay! The old and the young doth carol this song to drive the cold exile away!” And with a last courtesy twirl, the dance was done. Bowing to his mother and the others in the quartet, Brendol was already bracing himself to go back to where his father stood. Taking his mother’s hand in his, he escorted her away from the dancing ground as another started up and back to his father, now talking to Commandant Mayeul. “Tell your son that High Command ought just formally declare war and have done with it!” Mayeul was saying. Apparently there had been whiskey punch somewhere, given the high spots of color on his face and way he actually moved his arms to express. Mayeul didn’t do that unless he had a buzz of alcohol in him. “All this dancing…” “Commandant Mayeul, if you recall all decisions of war are made by the Supreme Leader. High Command only formalizes it,” said Brendol, tone crisp. “I do not have his ear. And if you really dislike dancing no one has forced you to come to Benau.” “Brendol,” admonished Hux, and Brendol felt that helpless anger bubble up in him that he could still be so reprimanded when he outranked his father and helped lead the nation. It mixed with that seething frustration at being simply Brendol again. He hated being Brendol, just a continuation of his father in all things. General Hux was different, he was different, he was his own man, but to just be Brendol again was one of the things he detested about seeing his parents. “Commandant,” tried Mathilde, pulling her arm from Brendol’s to go to her husband’s side as she spoke to Mayeul, “my son is right, I’m afraid. Today is First Accord! Imagine declaring war on First Accord, no one would accept it. Today is a day of peace, and we should treat it like one. Surely you remember that first night on Morpila? How can we declare war on a day commemorating that?” That glorious first night, everyone had heard of it, even if they weren’t there. The night the Accord had been struck, the Morpilan Senate had invited those they had agreed with to a banquet. The first properly cooked food anyone on any ship had eaten in ages. There had been traditional dances performed and food from all cultures of Morpila served. Some were so spicy that it had driven grown men to tears, the stories said. The custom of touching the feet of your elders in greeting had been taught, and then the Chair of the Morpilan Senate had declared that that night, all were equal and the custom would be waived, something nearly unheard of before. The planet of Morpila had only one sentient species, Kinnaras, with the legs and hindquarters of a bird but the upper body of a species that looked very human. They already had had some contact with the Empire and happily accepted those who fled its fall, and that previous contact had been the blessing that the Exiles needed. It had been a first night of peace and joy and each year when they celebrated the First Accord that same night was emulated. Brendol had been left aboard the ship and had played with his atlas far beyond when he should have gone to bed, that had been his celebration. The nanny droid his parents had left him under the care of had thought him asleep, and hadn’t bothered to check on him. “We can’t rightly go about this ‘conflict’ forever,” said Hux, turning to his wife. “The New Republic destroyed the Empire in a conflict and I will not let the Order go about its business like the Rebel Alliance did.” Brendol merely raised his chin a fraction of an inch, readying himself for what his father would inevitably ask of him. General Hux may be his own man, but Brendol was expected to be just a continuation of his father, to do exactly as Brendol Hux Sr would do. To follow his orders and be Commandant Hux’s voice in High Command instead of his own. “If it comes to a vote, Brendol, I expect you to vote for war. We have the might and ability.” “Your father is right,” agreed Mayeul, and if it weren’t First Accord and a day of peace, Brendol would strike him, decorum be damned, for speaking to him like that. He outranked Mayeul, he would be in the right. “If we are to be victorious against the Republic we will not do it in the way they destroyed the Empire. You should take his advice.” “Thank you, Commandant, I certainly needed you to remind me of filial duty,” said Brendol, anger expressed in dry sarcasm. “Brendol!” admonished Hux sharply, and Mathilde looked as if she wanted to take him dancing again if only because that was the only cure she knew. There were those around them who had noted that the youngest General of High Command was there, how could they not? And now they were starting to note the familial argument that was bubbling up, and for those stares alone Brendol allowed himself to be cowed, clenching his fists and breaking eye contact with Mayeul, looking to the ground and letting his head bow only as much as his chin had raised. Mathilde was looking somewhat distressed that people should be witnessing a private disagreement, and relieved when Brendol backed down. Later, he’d get back at Mayeul for speaking to him like a child. Just not now. Now he let himself follow his parents and mercifully leave Mayeul behind, heading to one of the quieter corners where the Exiles gathered to eat. Distantly the sound of celebration echoed over them, mixing Morpilan and Imperial music. “It is lovely to see you, Brendol,” tried Mathilde as they sat beneath a vine covered awning. “You cannot treat your elders with disrespect,” said Hux pointedly, and Mathilde sighed even as Brendol bristled. “Father, I outrank Commandant Mayeul,” said Brendol, and if he were Kylo he might just gesture to the medal that marked him as a member of High Command as he spoke. “He only seeks to be promoted to full Admiral by declaring war and you know it.” “He is also one of the Admirals who refused to bow to the New Republic and commanded the Mavourneen during the Exile. You may be one of those who guide the nation to the Supreme Leader’s word but you are still young and rank does not take the place of experience.” “Lack of experience?” “You’ve hardly seen battle, and without a declaration of war you’re not likely to.” “Father, I command the flagship of the First Order as well as supervise Starkiller Base!” “And yet you seem to find time for reading stories.” A rivulet of cold water felt like it ran down Brendol’s spine at that, and he went still. True, it wasn’t a secret nor was it even a damning one, but hearing Hux speak like that, he began to wish he had taken measures that his academic interests should remain even more private than they already were. “What General, let alone of High Command, has time to fritter away reading about dead empires?” “I’m sure it isn’t as bad as all that,” said Mathilde, touching Hux’s arm. “He’s always been so smart, surely you remember how attached he was to that atlas!” Brendol’s face colored to have that brought up. It was one thing to remember childhood attachments to what near equated a comfort object, it was another to have one’s mother bring it up. “I’m certain he hasn’t been neglecting his duties, but just keeping his mind sharp. We should be proud that our son is so smart that not even being a General of High Command is enough for his mind.” “We should be wondering why he doesn’t spend his time actually leading the nation!” “Do you want him to work himself to death, Brendol?” snapped Mathilde, surprising both Brendol Sr. and Jr. She never snapped. “Turn him into one of your Stormtroopers? You tried your hardest to turn him into one and he didn’t and now you’re trying to fix it, is that it? My boy played with an atlas and told me a thousand stories about what he saw in there and now he’s a decorated General at age thirty four and is one of the pillars of the nation, but that’s not enough for him so he keeps learning and you want to take that from him and I will not have it! “Has he spoken to you about what his position entails? He needs to understand the scale of the galaxy and the absolute smallest things about it, as well as the politics of the Order, the cultures of all the planets under its influence, and that’s not enough for him! How is it a failing?” The outburst left her husband and son in shocked silence, but through Brendol passed a warm whisper of emotion. Mathilde had never been distant on purpose, but as the wife of the Commandant of the Aggressor she had taken on responsibility for the lives of all those on board and assuring their safety as Hux had taken on assuring political alliances alongside the Generals who would one day become High Command. And her one son who was perfectly happy in the care of a droid so long as he had his favorite atlas to play with didn’t need quite the same care as the thousands who occupied the ship. She spent hours carefully calculating A-rations and communicating their stores against those of the other ships, and Brendol had real respect that she had done so well at it, let alone her skill at assimilation so as to soften deals so humans weren’t to simply end up mercenaries at the service of the native peoples. Mathilde Hux and the other spouses of the officers were probably the reason humans could settle into civilian lives and build a nation at all, in Brendol’s opinion. Still, Hux didn’t seem to appreciate the outburst, given the pinched look on his face even as Mathilde stood and said, “Rumor has it that my son is responsible for Lord Kylo Ren joining us this year, and I have been told that the Supreme Leader’s apprentice will be performing a demonstration of his lightsaber skills and I very much wish to see it. Brendol, darling, I am very proud of you and all you have achieved, and I shall see you at the hotel tonight, husband.” With such a speech, Mathilde gathered her skirts in hand and strode away, leaving father and son to watch her leave. “Your mother is probably right,” muttered Hux after a while, and Brendol turned to stare at him. It wasn’t like Hux to ever admit any opinion aside from his own was right. “The nation adores you, Brendol. At the Academy, every cadet thinks of me as your father, no longer you as my son.” Brendol couldn’t speak, sent reeling at the thought. That went against just about everything he knew. “Seeking out more knowledge is a sign of a great man.” “‘A wise man calls himself a fool, a fool calls himself a wise man,’” quoted Brendol, making his father smirk. “Exactly. But I stand by what I said; the nation comes before you in all things. Do not neglect it for your own interests.” “Is that why no Stormtrooper is allowed a personality? Their own interests may come first?” “Exactly. That is not something we can allow. Even in officers. Personal interests are for civilians, Brendol, never forget that. You are a hand of the State, you are the arm of the Supreme Leader, that is all any of us are.” Brendol nodded, looking down at his lap. Honestly, this was a friendly conversation with his father, compared to a few others he had had. Still, the constant heavy-handed reminders that he was just a cog in the machine really managed to distract from the whole “seeking out knowledge is a sign of a great man” part of the discussion. But that just was how things were with his father; praise one moment criticism the next. “Excuse me, father,” he finally said. “High Command is expected to be present at Lord Ren’s demonstration.” “From what I’ve heard of how he handles that weapon no one should be present,” scoffed Hux, but he waved his hand in dismissal, standing to salute his son. They really weren’t ever going to be just father and son, were they? Brendol left the quieter area, pretending best he could that no one was staring at him because of Mathilde’s lecture. Surely they were, she hadn’t seemed to put much thought into being quiet about it. But few people really were quiet when they got angry enough. As he left, passing under a vine covered trellis that marked that quiet area that was a café most days when it wasn’t a national holiday, he nearly walked directly into Shara Kypling, much to his surprise as well as hers. “Brendol!” she gasped, her neck streaked with red and her hair still turquoise. “I mean, General, sorry.” At her apology, she seemed to remember the custom of Benau, and knelt to touch his feet a moment. “Shara,” he returned. “Miss Kypling, happy First Accord.” “And to you as well! I haven’t seen you in ages, how are you? I saw it on the holo when you got promoted to High Command, congratulations for that.” “Thank you.” “You’ve come a long way from sitting in the corner of that play room with your atlas. I expect you’ve actually been all those places now.” “It was an Imperial atlas, at least half those worlds are in Republic Space.” “Someday,” she said with all the assurance of the world, smiling up at him. She had grown up well, and Brendol was happy to see her, even if it was odd to see her wearing Morpilan clothes when in all his memories she wore Imperial frocks. Odder still that her hair should be bound up when he remembered her with two twin braids hanging over her shoulders. “Lord Ren is to demonstrate his lightsaber soon,” he found himself saying. “Yes, it’s all anyone’s been talking about. I’d very much like to see it.” “May I walk you?” Shara looked surprised, bushy brows raising over brown eyes, but she nodded all the same, and slipped her arm through his offered one. “You’re able to keep tabs on me, but I have no idea what you’ve been up to since your family left the Aggressor.” “We’ve settled on Morpila. Father still works as a communications specialist, mother works in a biolab making medicine and trying to make those awful A-rations taste like something, and do you remember my little brother?” “No, not really.” “I can’t expect you to, Vasco was only a baby when we were kids. He’s joined the army, you know. He was so hoping to get a posting on the Finalizer, or on Starkiller. I think he was hoping for that simply because no one on Morpila really knows what Starkiller is and we’re desperately curious.” “If you think because we were friends as children I am going to tell you about classified military projects, you are going to be very disappointed,” said Brendol, startling Shara into a laugh. Her voice was a mellow alto, but her laugh hadn’t seemed to drop since they were children, still ringing high in the nose. “Also you never answered me, you only told me what your family does, not yourself.” “Oh, I suppose you’re right. I actually work at an interspecies Ecole here on Morpila, in the suburbs of Benau. A bilingual one, the morning we speak Standard and the afternoon we speak Common Tongue.” “That’s standard practice, isn’t it?” “In a sense. It varies from Ecole to Ecole, some prioritize one language more than the other, but we do try and keep it equal. And you’re very lucky you only ran into me now, or I would have invoked childhood friendship and made you come see the children putting on their pageant.” He tried to put a polite look on his face, but Shara just laughed and said, “Well if that’s the face you make, clearly I shouldn’t! Don’t worry, I understand. Not everyone’s for children. You never have been, not even when you were one.” What was there to say to that? That he had wanted to go play with the others but his father disapproved of at least half the families that had gotten onboard? That he listened his whole life about “wastes of energy” and the only games he could play were with an atlas? That those first years before anyone was allowed to settle on a planet had irrevocably marked him to be different from every other child in his generation and he had nearly cried the day Shara and her family left the Aggressor because she had been his only friend? No, those were memories never to be shared short of a Force User prying them from his skull. Instead, he just placed his hand over hers and said, “You know, technically Lord Ren and I are co-commanders of the Finalizer.” “Really?” she asked, interest piqued and he was almost sad to let the topic turn towards his own profession. He didn’t like children, no, but there was something oddly comforting to hear someone talking about simply working at a suburban Ecole when he had to deal with the Supreme Leader and the Knights of Ren and impossible weapons every other day of his life. “Yes, and I’ll tell you a secret. He’s not even fully trained.” “We all know the Knights are the apprentices of the Supreme Leader,” scolded Shara, but her eyes were amused as they walked. “Yes but you’ll forget that as soon as you see him fight. But remember, he’s still training.” “I expect you’ve seen him training?” “Once or twice,” he offered, instead of explaining his destructive tendencies. Shara didn’t need to know about that business with outgoing transmissions. They were skirting around something that could either be a minor performance or just another dance, and Brendol couldn’t quite tell from the song that was rising up from it, though the yellow chalk that sprinkled over both him and Shara was to be expected. Maker, it was lucky his dress uniform was so rarely used in the scheme of things, all this would take multiple washes, even by the droids. “Do you speak the language here in Benau?” asked Brendol. “More or less,” said Shara. “I’ve had to become trilingual to survive here. In the suburbs, people do primarily speak Bhāșe.” “What are they singing?” At the question, Shara turned to him, clear surprise on her face. “I’ve found myself becoming casually academic recently, indulge me.” “As the General orders,” she said easily, before tilting her head to listen to the rousing chorus that was sung by the dancing men. That was good to hear, that title. He preferred being General to being Brendol by far. “Mind you, I don’t actually speak Bhāșe all that well, but to the best of my understanding they are singing ‘let the drums beat and cymbals ring, let us sing for this joyous day.’ There’s a lot of colors in there too, I learned those from the kids. Probably about the chalk. Remember Bhāșe is my third language, so don’t go court martialing me if I’ve gotten it wrong.” “I can’t court martial you, you’re a teacher, not an officer.” “In a military state, Brendol. You could probably find a way.” By then they had reached the grand public square that Kylo was to demonstrate in, and Shara seemed to actually see someone she knew, her free arm reaching high above her head to wave. She turned to him then and said, “I never would do this to any General of High Command but I would do this for a friend I fled the Empire with as children, so be strong and get through this, Brendol.” Standing up on the balls of her feet Shara left a kiss on his cheek, fleeting and fond before saying, “Next time you’re in Benau, feel free to come visit. I’m sure my Ecole would happily welcome you.” “I might keep in better touch with you, Shara, but I think your Ecole will have to pass on getting a visit.” Shara laughed at that, and quickly gave him her communications address, before slipping off to meet up with a Kinnara woman with white feathers colored every possible color from the day. Turning, Brendol returned to that box where High Command sat, and found General Sen with a kerchief trying to mop clean his face. All he seemed to really be doing was spread the color around a bit more creatively, so stained was the kerchief. “General Sen,” he greeted, bowing his head. “General Hux, how are your parents?” asked General Sen. “Same as ever, I think,” said Hux, quietly grateful to be able to be someone other than Brendol. He did like Shara, but someone who knew him only as a child certainly wasn’t going to let him be anything but his childhood self, much as she tried to respect his title. Soon, all of High Command was together, with one empty seat where Kylo Ren usually was. Instead, he was on a raised platform in the center of the great square, large, with an odd track set up along it. All around, people pressed and gathered close as they could, wanting to see their Leader’s primary apprentice. “Someone’s going to get hurt,” sighed Hux, looking down at how close they came. “If Lord Ren injures anyone, civilian or otherwise, on First Accord I will take it to Leader Snoke myself,” vowed General Xiu, and Hux raised a brow at that, but turned to watch Kylo place a tall thick piece of piping on some trolley on the track. “Do you have any idea what exactly he is doing?” asked Sen, starting to look almost concerned. “None whatsoever,” Hux had to admit. Finally though, Kylo seemed content, and turned his attention to the millions gathered and the millions watching. He said nothing, but simply bowed to them all, before taking his saber from his belt and waving his hand, the piping on the trolley beginning to spin around the platform, speeding up faster and faster until it was practically a blur. Only then did he ignite his blade, audible gasps of admiration and shock rising up from the crowd. And with a moment more, Kylo began his display. The majority of work with a lightsaber that Hux had seen was its destruction of his ship. Therefore, he disliked it as a rule. But this was controlled practice, this was a moving target spinning around impossibly fast, and Hux found himself how he’d manage to hit it. His answer was soon found in the moment Kylo began to move. Kylo had a stomping lope of a gait, loud and announcing of just where he was. And that didn’t go away with fighting. He was silent, but his actions spoke loud enough. The saber spun in his hand as he spun and swung, all his force behind it, the circular motions like the careful carvings Hux had seen in Aman Museum of dancing warriors, though he didn’t know their culture or history. There was brutality in Kylo’s movements, almost wild and yet with every swing, a new piece of the target was cut off, still moving so rapidly it should have been impossible to hit. This wasn’t uncontrolled, this was deliberate and deadly and yet it looked so wild that no one facing against him could possibly manage to expect any of the coming blows and with such strength that no one could deflect them. It was terrifying, it was awe inspiring, it was impossible to look away from. And not a single piece of the piping flew anywhere but into a neat stack, reconstructing the piping from where Kylo was directing it. This, Hux thought, this should have been how Kylo had displayed himself in those first days onboard the Finalizer. Kylo finally let out a war cry and struck down with all his force (and possibly with the Force as well), striking not only the rest of the piping clean in two, but the same for the trolley, leaving him standing untouched in his black robes among a sea of color, distant music carrying over the crowd that was stunned silent by the display. And then all at once, they cheered, amazed and heartened that this man was their Protector, was their Leader’s apprentice, was clear proof of Snoke’s might and power. Honestly, thought Hux as he applauded, that might have been the only reason that Kylo agreed to come. The crowds parted like curtains, all in awe but not daring be in his way, still cheering for the Knight as he walked through celebratory handfuls of chalk without a speck of it resting on him. Soon he was among High Command again, who saluted his arrival as he sat among them, waiting for Snoke’s address that was to soon follow. “If you conduct yourself like that more often, I might be impressed,” said Hux calmly, and Kylo scoffed, the noise mangled by the vocoder. But he was soon drawn into interested conversation with the other Generals, and Hux made a point to look interested, if only for those who might see. It wasn’t long before Snoke’s address, and as they drew closer and closer to the appointed time, the platform Kylo had been on was replaced with workings for a holographic transmission, and the crowd began to buzz with excitement. Snoke rarely ever directly addressed the citizens that seeing him was like nearly seeing a deity, much like the old King of Kings on Yvinia. It was almost effortless propaganda, and Hux would have been just as easily enchanted had he not managed to climb the ranks to the highest council in the Order. The Knights might be the scourge in Snoke’s hand, but High Command was the very hand itself. Across the Order, Hux knew, billions crowded around their holos to see it, those who couldn’t come to Morpila. In public bars and private homes, everyone waited to see their Leader. And probably the Republic too, if they could manage to intercept it and get a translator for Common Tongue, looking to see damning proof that the Order was the evil they claimed. Finally, Snoke did appear, the holo the usual height for the benefit of the millions who crowded into Morpila and for the benefit of his own image. At his appearance, the crowds cheered and uncountable handfuls of chalk were flung up, so happy to see him as High Command saluted as one, and as Kylo sank to one knee, an open palm held towards the man with his head bowed. All greeted him in their own ways, and quieted when Snoke held up his hand. Total silence filled the square as they listened for him to start speaking. Looking out over the crowds, Snoke opened his mouth and began to speak, his voice imposing but not cruel. Soft, but never weak. He was the Supreme Leader, and every part of him reflected that. “My people,” he said. “I greet you on this twenty ninth anniversary of the First Accord. Twenty nine years ago the Exiles of the Empire made an agreement with the Council of Morpila. The Morpilans welcomed them, and with that agreement the base of the Order was founded, the first agreement of what would become our great nation. “In this Western Crescent, we have built Order, created worlds worth living in. You have put your faith in me, and together we have built something wonderful. Our armies spread order and justice, my Knights protect you where the army can’t. We are in harmony here, and together we thrive. “I reflect on when I became your Supreme Leader. What a dear fledgling nation you were, my people. Just a few years old, trying to spread your wings and fly too early, I reached out my hands and caught you when you fell from your nest. The cursed warlord Manon, he was right to fear you, right to realize the great power you would be, and tried to crush you before you could crush him. What a mighty people you were, I saw. Such a young Order, only two systems large, but you put up such a fight. The deaths were a tragedy, to see so many die to keep the Order alive, but they are our heroes for sacrificing their very lives for the life of this great nation. “When I came to help, you were never failing. I saw that. You would have defeated him, but with too many deaths. So I came to help, came to catch that little bird trying to fight a larger predator. You could flutter, but not yet fly. So I helped with Manon, and you asked me to guide you, to reach out my hand when needed, and I accepted. I accepted and I watched that fledgling grow. When I came to you, you could not yet fly, but now…now you can soar. ” It was much the same speech he gave every year, but it was still a good one all the same. Less reverent people sometimes joked that Snoke was a false idol created by High Command, but no one but Snoke could say such a speech as to rouse the people to the cause, to harken back to the Exiles and their history as well as uphold the native planets to the Western Crescent. Snoke must spend all year writing these First Accord speeches for how well he encapsulated all the varying people into one, uniting those who had been part of the Order from the beginning to planets that only joined them that year. But as always, it came to an end. “I salute you, my people, and I send myself out to you. No matter the trials, know that I am there in spirit with you. My hand waits to reach out, my arms to embrace you, and the moment you are in need, I shall come. Keep the watch, keep the flame, and together we shall prevail. Hail to the Order and hail to you, my people.” The holo disconnected, and among the cheering masses of thrown colored chalk music and songs started up again. It was to be halfway to anarchy for the rest of the day, with the festivities officially only ending at sunrise the next day. Hux had no intention of staying quite that long. After dinner with the rest of High Command, a more stoic affair but damn near casual when it came to High Command, Hux found his eye caught by that same white and black, and turned, half hoping to see Shara again. Instead, watching a circle dance comprised of at least three different species, was Kylo Ren, splashed with color. Where had he even gotten those civilian clothes? Kylo turned to him then, and Hux had a feeling he had heard his thoughts, and across the crowds actually smiled, a rogue quirk to his lips before turning and moving deeper into the celebrating crowds. There was a reason Hux went after him. There certainly was. He was just too concerned with actually getting through the crowds to catch Kylo at that moment. Finally he caught up to Kylo near a stand selling chilled wine. This late in the day, no one really was paying mind that Hux was a General, and his uniform was so splashed with color that the medals that marked him more or less just blended in at this point. To the passing glances, he was just another soldier. “What are you doing?” he demanded, catching Kylo’s elbow. “Attending First Accord, same as anyone,” replied Kylo, raising a brow. He looked as relaxed as meditation usually made him and Hux could only wonder as to why. “Aren’t you afraid you’ll get addicted?” “It’s impossible to get addicted to something I’ll have only once.” There were at least a few hundred medical professionals who would disagree with that using factual evidence, but Hux didn’t want to fight it. “Then are you enjoying your time here?” “I am,” admitted Kylo, before that same quirk took his face and he said, “But there is one thing I was hoping for today.” “And what is that?” asked Hux, not actually all that curious. His answer came when Kylo took a handful of chalk and threw it directly into his face. Spluttering and trying to wipe the pink away, he saw the Knight taking off running and gave chase, dodging around celebrants in his pursuit. What he was going to do when he caught Kylo, he wasn’t too sure about. All he knew was the Knight was acting like a complete child and he wasn’t about to indulge him. If chasing after him was indulgence, Hux wasn’t going to think that much about it. There was a circle dance that Kylo was making his way around, and Hux hurried around in the other direction, catching up to him just as he was entering the crowds mostly of Kinnaras. The only grip he could get was around Kylo’s waist, but still he managed to pull him to a stop, just nearby one of the many tables where large bowls of colored chalk was, ready to be gathered and thrown. “You assaulted a General of High Command,” said Hux. “If throwing chalk is assault, you’re going to be pursuing court cases for years,” said Kylo, gesturing to the color that was all across him. “Besides, this is the only color you’re going to get, staying on the Finalizer all the time.” “I am making the decision to ignore your attempt at humor and ask you just what you were thinking to do that.” Kylo gave him an amused regard and said, “Don’t you remember I said I hoped someone would throw chalk in your face?” “You are an absolute child ,” groaned Hux, a hand nearly reaching to pinch his brow, but diverted at the last second to take a kerchief from his breast pocket, starting to mop at his face. It was for naught, but the attempt was important. “You realize you’re only staining your kerchief, you’re not actually helping.” “Right, because I’m going to listen to the man who decided to throw chalk in my face.” Kylo snorted and turned to watch the dance nearby. It was from a culture from the southwest, one that was fast and full of clapping, sung in a language Hux couldn’t even recognize. It would be impossible for a human to dance it, requiring the use of the avian half of a Kinnara’s body, and impossible to sing, requiring the chirping cries of the avian half of a Kinnara’s vocal cords. “I think I understand why Master Snoke forbade us from mingling with civilians, especially on holidays,” he said, and Hux turned to him, brow furrowed. “Today is an indulgence, I’m never going to have it again, but I already want to.” “There are comforts in civilian life we aren’t allowed,” said Hux slowly. Somehow though, he didn’t think Kylo was talking about being able to sleep in and casual clothing. “There are comforts in lives that aren’t those of a Knight of Ren,” corrected Kylo softly, voice almost lost under the celebration around them. “These people…they can dress as they want, do as they want…I will be fasting when we return to the ship. I stray too far from my prescribed path. I find myself wanting things I cannot have.” “Fast…you are not starving yourself, I refuse to let anyone starve themselves on my ship.” “Such interest in my habits.” “More concern that you’re going to get yourself killed.” And I’ll have to deal with the aftermath. “You say you find yourself wanting what you cannot have and you say you’ll be fasting. You know it isn’t an inherent crime to want to eat Kalputi.” “I’m not desiring a fish head, Hux.” He was already making to reply, folding up the kerchief after giving up, when Kylo suddenly pressed forward and pressed their lips together for only a moment or two, staining the knight’s full lips with the remnants of the pink chalk. “I have kissed blood, today.” The Edan kenning felt like a blow to the face, and Hux could only stare as so much slotted into place. Kylo inserting himself into Hux’s life, insisting on spending far too much time with him, listening to him talk about his academic pursuits, spending nearly every free moment in Hux’s front room with him, protecting him when he thoughts veered too close to treasonous. “You…” “I felt when you met that woman from your childhood. I won’t do anything.” “ Shara? Shara Kypling? You think…” he trailed off with a laugh, almost giddy for how strange this whole situation was. “She works at an Ecole.” “You’re at your happiest when you’re talking to those professors and reading about the history of those empires, I feel it. She’s a teacher, they translate to each other.” “Kylo, did you hear me? Shara works at an Ecole. That’s the first school a child goes to, they’re all between ages four and ten there. The most complicated thing she teaches is long division. ” Kylo hadn’t seemed to know that, and there was a sudden sort of spark in him, a flaring of cautious hope and Hux honestly couldn’t say if it was welcome or not. “So you…you don’t want someone like her. A civilian.” “There are such things as military fraternization laws, you know that?” “I’m not in the military, not officially.” “Typical, depending on loopholes,” scoffed Hux, but there was that roguish twist to Kylo’s smile again, and maybe it was good that his face was still covered in pink. A stray memory floated up from when he had been at his mother’s side at some point on the Aggressor. She was amused that two people had been lead to fall in love just by being told by a third party that the other one liked them, and told him, “People love to be loved, and being loved can be enough that they start loving back.” He always thought his mother was wise. He just wished she wasn’t, sometimes. “You say you’re going to fast because of wanting what you can’t have, and then seconds later you tell me you…you’ve kissed blood. I know consistency is beyond you, but have a thought to what you say.” “You seem amenable,” said Kylo, but his tone was starting to sound unsure. “I have just had chalk thrown in my face and then had it kissed off my lips by someone who says they need to fast because they wanted to kiss me, I like to think I’m allowed to be a little confused.” “The Knights, we…we have to be careful of addiction, you know that. But connections like this…aren’t technically forbidden. Love brought my grandfather to the Dark, after all. But it is forbidden for us to pine. We can have something, but we cannot want it. If you are something I cannot have, then I will fast and I will take on trials to purge myself because I cannot spend time wishing to have you. But if you are, then I need only reflect that First Accord is something I will only ever have once.” “Firstly, I am not something that can be had and I resent being addressed as such,” said Hux. “Secondly, you are not going to be fasting or purging on my ship, you’re going to kill yourself if you do and then I’ll have to deal with that.” “Are you–” “ Thirdly, you are making plenty assumptions about this all being about you.” He had seen his mother’s sad eyes just earlier that same day, after all. Unions when all the power was one person’s ended with those sad eyes. “You can’t have me and if you assume that you come before me I would like to remind you that we are joint commanders. You’re not before me in anything. And for that matter, this is not a conversation to be having in the middle of First Accord.” “This is the only time I can talk about it. Today is an indulgence, I’m allowed things I am not otherwise.” Hux stared at him, listening to the celebrations happening around them as the Morpilans sang and danced, thinking about how Kylo showed his love. There were worse things than having someone protect you from treasonous thoughts and listen to your interests. Fisting his hand in Kylo’s shirt, Hux had a moment to see the mild panic on Kylo’s face and was extremely gratified to see it even as he pulled the man down the scant inches Kylo was taller than himself and kissed the pink back off Kylo’s lips. As he did, he could feel the stuttering rush of air out of Kylo’s nose rush against the bow of his lip, as if the man hadn’t expected him to do anything but punch him. The moment he tried to pull away, Kylo was grasping his shoulders and pulling him in tighter, refusing to let him go. Those around them whistled and cheered to see it without knowing who they were, and there was something gratifying in that anonymous congratulations. It was considered good luck to declare love or be engaged on First Accord, and maybe Kylo knew that, but it was hard to know with him. Still, those around were happy for them for that alone, and much as Hux hated the idea of being forgotten, there was something oddly nice about being just another citizen. Finally, Kylo let them separate, their lips tinted with pink in equal measure and golden chalk dusting their shoulders from some congratulatory handful thrown over them. “I am not staying until dawn. Today is the day off, I don’t get tomorrow free,” said Hux. “I’m going back to the ship, do what you like. But we are going to talk about this.” “I’ll come with you.” “Put on your robe first, at least try and keep things subtle for now.” The pilot of the shuttle that brought Hux back to the Finalizer knew better than to wonder why his General was covered with colors, especially when he himself was so colored. And that was a good thing, not questioning why the pink on the General’s face was so smeared and inconsistent around the mouth. Wiping his face clean, Hux reflected that if rumors began to spread, at least he knew who was at fault for that. Leaving the atmosphere was as stressful as always, and when he reached the privacy of his quarters, there was an almost visceral enjoyment of sending his dress uniform to be cleaned and to step into the sonic and let the colors be cleansed from his skin. He enjoyed First Accord as much as anyone else, but sometimes he wished there was not that cultural tradition of chalk. His own coloring could be seen again, and that was a relief, dressing himself in loose sleeping clothes and picking up his data pad. No urgent messages, that was to be expected, but just a route message from the helmsman and Navigations about signing off for the return to Starkiller. They weren’t technically needed elsewhere, and since Hux was the one in charge of the weapon he was expected to be there above anywhere else. There were also wishes of happy First Accord from Professor Mabun, Dr. Riil, and even from Anointed Liu to his surprise. They were simple greetings, but he enjoyed them all the same. He may hate being just Brendol, but that did not exclude that he enjoyed that he was viewed as a man by these intellectuals just as much as being a General. As he wrote back to them, typing out greetings more sincere than he would have offered to anyone else, Hux turned his thoughts to the sudden revelation of what Kylo had told him, among the crowds that probably were still celebrating far, far below him. Having such a powerful man in love with him was…not unappealing. From a pragmatic point of view, Kylo’s devotion would be good. It might finally get the man under control, or at least as much as was possible considering the man’s training and all. He’d have a measure of control over one of the most powerful men in the galaxy, and that was appealing. Pragmatically at least. But things didn’t work like that in real life. His instinct was to take all the control he could, especially against a man who could invade his mind whenever he felt like it. He had seen Kylo’s abilities, he wanted as much control as he could so they wouldn’t turn around on him. But he had seen his mother shout at his father just a few hours previous, and even mice can roar. And when that roaring mouse already had a habit of choking those around it with a mystic power no one could fight, perhaps his instincts should be discarded, at least for the moment. Typing out a response to Dr. Riil, he let himself mull over the situation before him. Kylo loved him, apparently, and demanded that he either accept and let himself be had or deny it so he could purge himself of that love. All or nothing. If he had ever imagined what someone declaring their love for him would be like, it certainly didn’t involve fasting to forget about him if he said no. As it was, there was no time to think about what he might have imagined, instead focusing on what had actually happened. On how Kylo had forced himself into Hux’s life slowly but surely to the point where he didn’t immediately recoil at the idea of his presence. Which was impressive, all things considered. Still, that didn’t do much to endear him to the idea of being had. “Honestly,” he sighed out loud, even as he sent the greeting back to the doctor. Had Kylo even thought about how someone would react to that? Likely not, knowing the Knight. And yet, there were worse ways to be treated. Kylo had shown genuine interest in his academic studies, even if he was plenty clumsy about it, and remembering that after his father had dismissed it as simply “reading stories” was rather gratifying. The primary apprentice of the Supreme Leader himself had sat with him and listened to him describe the concerns of a system of government long dead and he hadn’t once gotten bored or dismissed it. There was something in that, a small flicker of warmth that it lent, and much as he didn’t want to he turned to it, wondering what exactly it was. It was something close to what he remembered feeling as a child when Shara had come to sit with him a second time, realizing that someone liked him, that it hadn’t been anomaly that they would spend time with him. It was the feeling that had made him think it a good idea to agree even marginally to what Kylo had proposed, to kiss him among thousands down in Benau. It was something he didn’t really understand. Shara had been a friend but it wasn’t friendship he felt towards Kylo even if they had been friendly the last few weeks. Companionship, he realized, staring down at his stuttering attempts to write to Shara. It was the feeling of companionship, of simply knowing that he wasn’t alone. It was why he had nearly cried when the Kypling family had gone to settle on Morpila, it was why he had let Kylo worm his way into his life. He had his fill of loneliness and that someone liked him and wanted to seek him out and spend time with him…it was oddly gratifying. But jumping at that emotion when it appeared was dangerous. He didn’t know what Kylo was getting out of all of this, and that made it dangerous. If he had learned anything from his time dealing with Kylo, it was that it was desperately necessary to understand as much as he could about the Knight’s current whim if only to just keep things under control and keep his ship from being destroyed. This time, though, things were dire. Because now he might be what was getting destroyed. Neither of them could be the roaring mouse he had seen in his mother that day, that led to assured destruction, not just for each other but for anyone in the blast zone. And damn if his father’s words hadn’t invaded his psyche, but the state and those under his command came before himself. If it were to destroy those around them he would not do it. He continued to turn it over in his mind until he heard the chime that said someone was at his door requesting entry. He wasn’t surprised when he opened it to see Kylo there. Nor was he surprised that when the man removed his helmet he hadn’t bothered to clean himself up, lips still smudged with pink. “You’ve been thinking very hard about this,” said Kylo, his tone hallway to accusatory, and it made Hux bristle. “I have full right to,” he defended. “I have no idea what you expect to get out of this.” “You,” answered Kylo, as if it were the simplest thing in the world. “As I have already told you, you cannot have me.” “Well how would you describe it?” “Describe what? Nothing has been decided.” “But…down in Benau, you…you kissed me.” “That didn’t mean I agreed to whatever fantasy you’ve cooked up,” said Hux, even as he kicked himself for that folly. Suddenly there was pressure on his brain, pressing particularly in the frontal lobes. “Get out of my head.” “You want to take total control,” said Kylo, almost distractedly. “And something about a mouse…?” Hux actually slapped Kylo then, straight across the face and ignoring the sting in his hand as Kylo stared at him. “If you go into my head instead of talking to me, I am going to hate you. And if I hate you, then you are going to hate me. And if we hate each other, then we will destroy each other and everyone else around us. I don’t know what your morals are to the people of this nation, but when I was promoted to High Command do you know the oath I took? That before I think of myself I would think of the people twice over. They come before me, the nation comes before me. I am replaceable but the nation is not and if my desires hurt it then I will not take them. I will die before I knowingly and willingly let another die in my place, I will withstand torture before another is hurt in my place, I took that oath in full view of the entire Order and I don’t take it lightly. So don’t go into my head.” “Alright,” agreed Kylo, staring at him with something unnervingly like wonder. “And stop looking at me like that.” Kylo pressed something to his mind then, like a half-ration notice slipped under a door, non-invasive but damning. It was an image of himself, alight with anger and full of prophecy and love for the country he had come of age with, and Hux felt strangely uncertain, suddenly. He was used to being a symbol, being part of the united front that High Command presented, but to have all that admiration directed at him alone was new. “That’s what I get out of this,” said Kylo. “I’m not good with words and I won’t pretend I am, not like you. I work with images, feelings, I can’t explain it how you want. I know you want words, want explanations and reports and you could go to Nova for that she’s brilliant with words, but not me.” “That is…incredibly apparent,” managed Hux, staring at the man in front of him. This was outside of his range of ability, emotions. Especially ones as strong as Kylo had presented to him. Immediately, part of his mind jumped to instinct, finding out how he could take control so he wouldn’t be the weaker party, but another part hesitated to do that. He couldn’t throw caution to the wind, that wasn’t his nature, but he could justify calculated risks. And that would be what accepting Kylo would be for certain. If anyone heard of them, the youngest General of High Command and the Supreme Leader’s Primary Apprentice, they’d never be allowed to separate, not when such a perfect coupling could be presented to the people. Even if everything fell apart and they destroyed themselves, in front of the country they’d have to play a role and Hux knew full well that would end with nothing good. But if it didn’t fall apart, if this admiration Kylo held for him actually held water, if it didn’t fall to the wayside the second Kylo realized that every moment he spent thinking about Kylo’s offer Hux had been trying his hardest to find a solution that didn’t leave him with his mother’s sad eyes. If it didn’t fall apart, then it would…be worth the risk. Hux was not Khee Ren, nor would he ever be Khee Ren, he couldn’t see the future. But he was very good at mathematical prediction. And bracing himself, looking at the man before him he said, “None of this means I’m not going to still lecture you for breaking things.” The smile that split Kylo’s face was staggering, and it left him unprepared enough that Kylo managed to press a kiss to his lips, the foul taste of chalk getting into his mouth making him splutter, “You are going to clean yourself up before you do anything like that, you understand me?” But below it, there was that flicker of warmth he had felt when his mother had stood up for him, when Shara had smiled to see him again after so long, that he hadn’t let himself feel when Kylo hadn’t dismissed his interests. This time though, he didn’t stamp it down. He hated to admit it, but he was curious to see where this would lead, even as he found himself subconsciously bracing himself for disaster. Notes: In case you were wondering, Snoke's speech was written while listening to "You'll Be Back" from Hamilton. Also the Exile Generation's dance is entirely contra-dance in case you want a visual. Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Honestly, Hux realized, he should have expected this to happen when he made this agreement with Kylo Ren. He barely had a moment to himself without Kylo sliding beside him. Kylo’s meditation was on the same schedule as it had been before, but now he had no patience for Hux sitting in a chair as he worked. He drew the line at sitting on the floor again, it felt too much like what children did and Hux couldn’t stand it. “I don’t understand why you even want me on the floor,” sighed Hux, resolutely pressing his thumbprint to an allocation of funds from barracks to terraforming an ultraviolet light system to keep photosynthesis running. It wasn’t enough, it wasn’t nearly enough, there were too many permafrost forests, they couldn’t possibly manage to keep all of them alive but to lose them meant not enough oxygen and that was something they couldn’t synthesize or pump in and – a gentle brush against the edges of his mind, dulling the sharp edges of anxiety. Kylo’s work. “Can’t you just trust me and go along with it for one second?” asked Kylo. “No, not really. And I’ve never been one for dealing with children, do not make me have to say ‘use your words.’” Kylo gave a scoff of distain, and shifted from foot to foot, clearly uncomfortable. But still, credit where credit was due, he did try. “I just…you did it once before, you let me…it…” Finally, with a frustrated noise, he held up the image to Hux’s mind for inspection. From when Kylo had insisted he meditate, when Hux had let Kylo’s head rest on his knee and didn’t shove him off. Kylo wanted that again, and Hux sighed to see it. “I am not sitting on the floor,” he said again, flicking to a memo sent to all of High Command about the most promising upcoming graduates of the Academy and its daughter schools so that they could pick who they wanted stationed under them. Marking that for later when he had more headspace, Hux turned instead to a report from Mechanical Navigations about how they advised lesser use of the hyperdrive for the time being as they found some sort of murmur in the system. Nothing dangerous, they hastened to add, just saying that trips to Morpila or anywhere else needed to wait at least a week. The frustration radiating off Kylo was almost palpable, and Hux sighed, finally turning to…what should he even call Kylo? His partner? Paramour? “You didn’t think this through, did you? What this arrangement would be? I’m not going to bend to your every whim. I haven’t changed because of…of this.” He didn’t have the words to describe their arrangement and he hated it, he hated not having the words. “You can still work,” insisted Kylo. “I won’t make you stop. You’re brilliant, I admire how hard you work, how dedicated you are, I just…” Had Kylo always been this uncertain or was this because of their odd arrangement? Was he as unpracticed as Hux with emotional intimacy? Was that all it was? He hadn’t changed at all in the public eye, but when they were alone he was a new, unfamiliar creature. “I’m not–” tried Hux, before pausing. It was going to come out cruel. All the words were wrong, and Hux remembered why he had always scoffed at his peers who danced around the independent contractors they hired for Starkiller. The awkward flirting between Starkiller’s engineers and the officers wasn’t forbidden, per se, the engineers weren’t actually military, but in Hux’s opinion it was unprofessional. And only now that he was trying to navigate the turbulent waters of the early stages of an…arrangement did Hux understand. This was impossible. “I’m not going to sit on the ground, but I’m not turning you down either, so calm down. I…” taking a breath he said, “Look, you can lean against me, yes, but I’m not sitting on the floor. I don’t….I don’t do that.” Maker, he sounded like a teenager. “It’s unprofessional.” “You’re not on duty,” reminded Kylo even as he sat beside Hux’s legs and leaned against them. Subconsciously, Hux let his hand drift to try and comb Kylo’s hair into order, but it was too long and would never fall into regulation. He felt like he was always on duty, was the problem. But he couldn’t admit that. Like at any moment someone might snap that it was time for a surprise inspection, stupid as that was. The only one who could do that now was the Supreme Leader, and Snoke really hadn’t ever been one for the military, really. “You’re getting stressed,” commented Kylo, even as his voice began to grow softer for starting to meditate. “Kylo, we talked about this.” “I’m not in your head, I can just tell. You always think I don’t know you, but I do.” Ignoring the red he could feel spreading across his face at such a thing, something that shouldn’t have felt as intimate as it did, Hux turned resolutely back to his work, ignoring as everything floated those three inches upwards as Kylo maintained whenever he meditated. Not his chair though. No, that was kept on the ground so Kylo could rest his head against Hux’s knee heavily as he went completely limp. Meditation didn’t get any easier to comprehend, it seemed. Half the time, he did truly think Kylo had fallen asleep and needed to remind himself that wasn’t the case. Dimly, in a corner of his mind not concerned with the admission that aid desperately needed to be sent to a corner of Sfera, millions of credits lost in a ship carrying oil capsizing and thousands of lives at stake as the oil might just poison local water supplies. The planet was already gripped an internal global economic depression and needed High Command to help fund the cleanup. No more funds would be given to Starkiller, and Hux agreed that yes of course the lives at stake came before the project but he didn’t know how he’d keep his own personnel alive if he couldn’t keep the permafrosted ecosystem alive between stars. A brush at his mind then, a gentle whisper of a concerned question. He’d never get used to that. “The Order as a whole comes before this project,” he said aloud, feeling silly to be doing so. “I have to make do with what I have. The accountants are very good at their jobs, but I don’t know how we’ll manage to build everything.” The touch at his mind was warmer then, a pointless reassurance that Hux couldn’t believe, at least not yet. A group of six Stormtroopers were being sent to reeducation, he saw. Phasma marked the reasoning as “subordination of rank and disregard of the dignity of officers” and he raised a brow to see it so. Curiously, he searched through the other reeducation slips for that same phrase, and it seemed to crop up more often than it should. That was something to wonder about, he decided as he started to type out a message to her one handed, realizing his other hand still was smoothing down Kylo’s hair. As he did, he saw a message had come in from Professor Mabun, saying that he knew it to be impossible for him to be there, but extending an invitation for Hux to attend the opening gala of the exposition from Kong held at Aman Museum. A quick message back assured that he was honored to have received it but he couldn’t possibly attend. It was a normal evening working that he didn’t expect that pressure behind the ears again, one that he viscerally remembered. His fingers stuttered in their typing as Snoke pressed into his mind and said calmly, his voice brokering no argument, You will come meet me, General. Leave Kylo to his meditation, I will speak to you and you alone. Do not keep me waiting. Could he have been more graceful in standing? Yes, he didn’t need to send Kylo sprawling still loose limbed. A jab of hurt wrapped in a query struck the side of his mind, but he was almost skittish as he made sure he was in order as he said, “I have to go. The Supreme Leader, he…” This time a brush of understanding, and Hux didn’t want to think about the relief he felt as he walked briskly to the holochamber where Snoke awaited him. He had rarely spoken to the Supreme Leader alone, he could count the times on one hand. He had a feeling he knew the reason why he had been summoned, though. That very reason sprawled boneless in Hux’s own front room, searching the entire Galaxy hard as he could to replicate a miracle. The holochamber was large and cold as ever. The whole of the Finalizer was cold, all Star Destroyers were, it was entirely impossible to heat something of that size. Still, the cold managed to feel more pronounced in this room where Snoke already awaited him. “Supreme Leader,” he greeted, bowing his head a moment in deferential respect. He bowed his head for no one but the Supreme Leader. “General,” said Snoke, his voice just as cold as the room around them. “You have gotten involved with Kylo Ren.” Hux colored at that, ashamed even as he berated himself for not realizing that of course the Supreme Leader knew of it. No matter that it was new, of course he knew. Kylo was too devoted to his master to keep any secrets and Hux couldn’t even conceive of how one shielded their mind. To learn that they were involved must have taken no more effort than breathing. “It is not forbidden that that should be the case, nor would I speak to you in order to tell you if it was, Kylo knows better than to do something forbidden to him. However, I am aware that you have doubted the training due the Knights in the past. And your doubt I cannot abide.” The voice of his Leader had grown colder than ice, colder than space. “If they are allowed indulgences they will lose control. You’ve made no secret of your opinions of their destructive natures, imagine if they don’t have control over themselves.” The memory of how relaxed and calm Kylo was after meditation rose up in his mind, and a whisper of thought accompanied it. That couldn’t be right, the denial seemed to be what made it worse. That was a traitorous thought, he realized, to dismiss the Supreme Leader’s words while speaking directly to him. “It is hardly traitorous if you are blind to the Force as you are,” said Snoke, reminding Hux that even so far away, he could still slip into his mind. “You look at the Knights as if they were simply soldiers with a few more abilities than any normal soldier. Understandable. But understand this, by entering this involvement, you must take control of him. I expect you will appreciate that.” “I don’t understand.” “You’ve indulged him in agreeing to this, and now you cannot let that indulgence continue. If he should fall prey to the weakness that he was born with, it would not bode well for you or anyone else on your base or ship.” The Oath of High Command again. That he would sacrifice his own desires to protect all those around him. It was an oath he took very seriously, and so he bowed his head in acceptance. “I will do my best, Supreme Leader.” Thus dismissed, Hux turned the orders over in his mind. He had been given explicit permission from the highest power in the First Order to keep Kylo in line, and the implication was to do so at the expense of every life nearby. And yet, there was something about the idea of being so harsh with Kylo as Snoke clearly expected him to be that didn’t quite feel right. It was the same part of him that had thought again and again about that damn Republican play about Officer Rend’s treatment of his wife, the part of him that had wondered about the whole thought of addiction and where the loyalties of the Knights of Ren truly lay, the part of him that drew him back to read about the Confu principle of Ren. If he scolded Kylo and forced him into the cruel regimen of self-denial and terror of addiction, was he any better than Snoke? And, a traitorous thought whispered into his mind, making him cringe and try to dismiss it immediately, if he took the role of enforcer as Snoke wanted him to, what was the purpose of this attachment that was building up? Was he only ordered to do this so Kylo would have no escape from what denial Snoke enforced? Even Hux had his interest of history, he could manage to not be of the military for a few minutes as he read about developments of long dead cultures. Kylo was to be caged into his role entirely, so far as Hux understood it. It was an order from the Supreme Leader, he reminded himself, so he really shouldn’t have that knot in his stomach. Distantly, he was aware of those around him standing to the side of the hallways he walked through, making way for their commanding officer, but he was too busy thinking about what his newest orders meant for the one meditating in his quarters. Ordinarily, he would be disgusted with himself for not paying full attention to his surroundings, but now he was too horrified that he should be directly questioning the Supreme Leader’s handling of his primary apprentice. There was something in how Snoke controlled Kylo that didn’t quite sit well with him, and that frightened him the more he thought about it, much as he tried not to let it. When he returned to his quarters, it seemed that turmoil was apparent to someone who could brush against his mind as easy as breathing, for Kylo met him as soon as he entered, the line of his shoulders tight in a way that said that he hadn’t found anything. “What did he want?” demanded Kylo. “Do you have orders?” Yes, yes he did, but looking at the Knight before him, Hux didn’t want to think about them, not give room for them to let rebellious and traitorous thoughts rise. Why did he keep courting such thoughts? Why did he keep doubting the Supreme Leader? He never had reason to doubt before, why did this keep coming up? Instead of answering Kylo, Hux simply grabbed his head and pulled him in for a kiss. He wanted to just stop thinking for a moment, and for all his flaws, Kylo was pretty good at helping him not think. The sharp prod towards his mind alerted him that Kylo still wanted to know what Snoke had said, but Hux just couldn’t bear to think about it a moment – it would probably lead to him actually saying something damningly traitorous that even Kylo couldn’t explain away by ignorance towards the Force. Pressing himself against Kylo as the Knight in turn pressed him against the wall, Hux could feel the edges of his thoughts already fading in the face of the pure physicality of what was happening. It was a pure rush of relief that that was the case, that fog that detached him from everything that was happening around him beyond where Kylo’s hands were and the clumsy but very eager way he kissed. At a distance, Hux remembered once hearing that someone could become addicted to sex, and wondered if that was something the Knights had to undergo a trial for. Were it not for the whole terror of addiction being disturbingly close to actual torture techniques of deprivation of food, water, and sleep, he would have laughed. But as it was, there was a hand undoing his uniform, and it was hard to think of self-denying rituals when one of those same ascetics clearly didn’t think this was something to deny themselves. He wasn’t technically on duty for the next nine hours, until the sleep cycle for First Shift ended, and if he could manage to not think for even two or three of those, that would be more than enough. And thankfully Kylo was still new enough to sex that he didn’t quite question what brought it on this time, like an animal too excited about a morsel of food. The appeal of this, he told himself, was the physicality of it and that he did have something of a modicum of control over Kylo now. But that control now given more room by Snoke’s own orders now seemed…it left a foul taste in his mouth. He hadn’t been given orders so as to spare those around them from Kylo’s rages, he had been given orders to keep Kylo in self-denial. The orders had been to keep Kylo under Snoke’s thumb, not to fulfill his oath and protect his people. Kylo had gotten his jacket open now, and was making progress in getting his shirt off too, openmouthed kisses pressed to the underside of his jaw, and Hux let himself sink into that, to leave behind higher brain functioning in favor of just avoiding his doubt. Ordinarily, he’d hate that he was doing so, but this was the most recent in a horrifying chain of doubting the one who guided the First Order and who had helped the whole system even be born . Without Snoke, the Order would have crumbled under the Warlord Manon’s power, why should he ever doubt the man who had come to help the fledgling Order? If he could just get out of his own head for even a moment, he tried to reason, then that would solve the problem. Part of him felt guilty, using Kylo just to forget, but the Knight certainly didn’t seem to be complaining, even as he was still fully clothed while Hux was now bare chested. “Get your damn robes off,” said Hux, tugging at the offensive articles of clothing, far too complicated for his tastes. Immediately, Kylo’s hands abandoned their exploration of Hux’s chest in favor of shucking his own clothes, though he didn’t quite leave off the attention his mouth was paying to Hux’s collarbones but for when he had to pull some article of clothing off over his head. Once matched in undress, Hux captured his lips again, chasing the fog that was in Kylo’s kiss. Kylo, damn him, seemed to have realized that something was going on, and kept trying to nudge into Hux’s mind, each attempt making Hux growl into the kiss, tugging on Kylo’s hair to tell him to stop. Suddenly, his wrists were pulled back like metal to a magnet and pinned to the wall just as he found his whole body unable to move. Kylo’s doing. “You will release me this instant, Kylo,” warned Hux in a low growl. “You’re not telling me something,” said Kylo, tone listing in the direction of accusatory. “I want to know what.” “What, and interrogate me? Break my mind apart?” scoffed Hux, but much as he hated it, there was more bluster than he wanted in it. He couldn’t get out of this hold Kylo had on him, and he knew full well Kylo didn’t seem to have any qualms about casually invading his mind. Things could go very wrong very fast, and he was fully aware of that. “I want to stop thinking, just for a moment. It can wait.” Kylo just stared a long moment at him as if searching for something, before that smile twisted across his face, breathlessly roguish (and Hux would deny the flutter it gave rise to in his stomach if anyone even insinuated it did anything to him), and he said lowly, “My dear General, all you had to do was ask.” For still being relatively new to sex, Kylo was an incredibly fast learner, driving all thoughts beyond yes, please, and more from Hux’s mind. Now, regaining his breath against Kylo’s frankly over muscled chest, Hux’s thoughts were still slow and muddled and it was a relief. He couldn’t think anything beyond the immediate moment, hearing the slowly calming heartbeat in Kylo’s chest and feeling the repetitive mindless stroking up and down his bicep by one of Kylo’s overlarge hands. He needed a shower, though, and began to gather his strength to force himself out of bed to do so. He detested feeling dirty, but he was still tired and not certain if his legs could even support him. Still, taking a bracing breath, he began to move towards the refresher. Kylo let out a displeased noise at being left in the bed, but surely by now he was used to it. Water showers were an indulgence that he had never gotten used to, not actually given a water ration for one until he was a commissioned officer and not having access to excess water with which to bathe in before that since he was four years old. It was instinct to turn on a sonic shower, cleaning himself by its dispassionate protocol. They were faster, by any rate, and didn’t leave his hair wet for overlong. So when he was suddenly doused with warm water as the shower switched settings, he already knew that Kylo had done it and didn’t need either the arms around his waist nor the voice in his ear to tell him so. “You deny yourself everything.” “That’s rich, coming from you,” said Hux, but the usual sharpness of the words was gone, washed away for the moment by both water and by his own exhaustion. He hadn’t even bothered to turn on the light in the refresher, and the sensations seemed to be heightened by denying himself ability to actually see that well, the only light inching its way in from the bedroom. The water, the most precious ration available on a ship, was warm where it poured decadently over his naked body, and the indulgence made him soft. And perhaps that was Kylo’s intention as he murmured into Hux’s now soaked hair, “What did Master Snoke have to say? What made you not want to think?” To verbalize it would make it real, was Hux’s first thought, ridiculous as it was. To Snoke, to Kylo, to the Knights, what was in the mind was no less real than what was in writing and signed with a thumbprint. But at least Kylo was asking him, maybe he had finally heeded all of Hux’s warnings to stay out of his mind. Closing his eyes and feeling the water pooling where his back was pressed against Kylo’s chest, sliding along where they met to run down his sides for how closely they were pressed he said, “I’ve had traitorous thoughts, Kylo. Too many. I needed to get outside of my own thoughts for a moment. To stop turning circles, to be able to view things objectively.” There was a long moment of silence as Kylo’s nose brushed against the shell of Hux’s ear, his quiet breathing loud for proximity, but beyond that the only sound was of the water striking their bodies and splashing against the ground. “I know you. You like to pretend I don’t, sometimes, but I do. And I know you are incredibly loyal, you mean and believe in every last part of that oath you took. Thoughts you think are traitorous, they’re probably no worse than what any other person may think.” “I questioned direct orders from the Supreme Leader. I questioned them moments after I received them. I’ve…I’ve been doubting him.” The arms about his waist tightened, wet strands of too long hair moving forward and sending a new rivlet of water streaming down Hux’s chest. “You’re not a traitor for doubting. You never have before now. Didn’t one of your emperors say something about that?” Hux struggled to remember, his mind still blessedly slow and hazy, but he could vaguely remember something like that in one of the court records of the Eda Dynasty. “If you doubt but still obey, then your resolve is stronger, is it not?” That just raised the question of if he could keep obeying. He told himself that it was physicality and control that he got out of this arrangement with Kylo, but he kept finding himself enjoying the interested look on Kylo’s face when he explained the senatorial process the J’leans had or the water based cult religions for the amphibious Edans, how he turned on a warm water shower and just held him, and all the smaller things. He found himself caring about Kylo, and the idea of treating him as Snoke did was…almost distasteful. He wanted to tell Kylo, wanted to tell him how he had to keep himself in line and in order, if not for his own sake then for Hux’s, but that was so entirely selfish that he couldn’t put words to it. He had learned young that selfishness was only moderately tolerated and in very few situations, and certainly this wasn’t one of them. How lucky he was then, that Kylo could see into his mind. There was tentative pressure in his mind, and when he did not snap nor think loudly for Kylo to leave, the foreign presence remained, feeling the surface of his thoughts. They were muddled and unclear, but clearly they were enough for Kylo to pick out what had caused this odd mood in Hux. “I know you doubt my training and that of the Knights,” he said, voice hatefully gentle, “but it is necessary. Without it, we falter towards the Light, we listen to Skywalker when he calls to us, we become useless and the Force forsakes us because of it. You doubt asceticism and wonder if it works, but you’ve seen it across planets. It’s a universal philosophy, it is developed without influence because it works. Being with you, I…I could become lax. If you keep me in line–” “What you do to yourself is torture,” said Hux suddenly, the pressure of Kylo in his mind pressing away the fog that their bedsport had spread. “And I can’t–” To admit it was to admit that he cared. That somehow this ascetic and all his childish rages had wormed his way into his being. He hadn’t cared like this at First Accord, he hadn’t cared like this even yesterday. But perhaps that was a lie. He hadn’t been asked to hurt Kylo on First Accord nor yesterday, after all. “I can’t torture you.” Kylo said nothing, merely bowed his head and pressed kiss after kiss to the juncture Hux’s neck and shoulder. At the same time he held up ideas to Hux’s mind for inspection. They were harder for him to decode than the images he usually presented, but the rest of the ship and all her demands seemed to have melted beneath the warmth of the water that still doused them, and Hux had the time to understand them. They were warm ideas; disbelief that someone would want to protect him from some perceived threat, fondness that he should think that his training was a threat, and faint fluttering of some emotion that both of them were almost too frightened to name. The warmth of the steam that rose from the water mixed with the steady presence of Kylo at his back was heady, and Hux’s eyes slipped shut at the way Kylo’s emotions slid alongside the sensations. He could feel Kylo laughing behind him, a low chuckle, before the water was turned off, leaving him oddly bereft. Kylo was making to dry him off, but despite the exhaustion getting a better grip on him Hux still grumbled, “I am perfectly able to take care of myself.” “I know,” said Kylo only, and didn’t protest when Hux reached for the towel, lazily scrubbing it through his hair before running it along his limbs, taking the wetness off of him as it went. He didn’t like water showers, he remembered, they took too long afterwards. A hand took his own, and began to tug him slightly towards the door, back to bed. “You worry far too much,” murmured Kylo, settling beside Hux. “You don’t need to worry about me.” “That is categorically untrue,” managed Hux, sleep already winding around him. “Sleep, you can argue with me when you wake up.” Hux resented that Kylo had taken care of him at the admission of his own traitorous weakness, and threw himself into his work the next day, meeting with the terraforming specialists to discuss what could be done in terms of false photosynthesis while in transit. There were the leftover ultraviolet light installations that had once been near the equator in the highest concentration of vegetation, but the planet was in turmoil. Massive changes had been mounted to its core and surface; jettisoning so much of its core had resulted in disruptions to the stability of the planet as a whole, and the new star it orbited was further away than that which it originally spun around. The planet was cooler than it should have been, and that had killed plenty of its original flora, let alone what fauna had managed to escape original extermination. It was an exercise in futility, hearing the specialists say that if they just had, say, two million credits they could probably rig something together that would keep roughly 59% of planetside vegetation photosynthesizing but with the careful reminder that the majority of vegetation had been on the equator. The equator that was now destroyed to make room for the barrel of the weapon. They had survived the trip to the current star, yes, but that 59% was still significantly less than before. “We will not be receiving any more funds for the time being,” said Hux, cutting off those damning prophecies. “What can be done with the funds we have? I granted you more just yesterday, what can you do with that added on?” The scientists and specialists exchanged glances before one said, “Well, not that much. We can probably reroute the funds from ultraviolet installations to simulating dormancy. It might keep photosynthesizing life alive just until a new source of light is presented, but all staff would be required to evacuate as a result, as no new oxygen would be formed.” “And what would the costs for that be?” “Planetwide dormancy? It would be best to do when one hemisphere is in winter already, that would make it only one hemisphere worth of work, which would require us to wait to fire another few months, and probably begin early…” “The cost?” reminded Hux, his tone very deliberately not snappish but sharp. “We could probably do it with our current budget. Perhaps with an additional few thousand credits. Fifty thousand more at most.” Hux quickly did the math, his own salary was enough that he could probably pay that extra amount out of pocket. It would be a massive blow to his finances, but what did he actually use it on? Paying for access to academic journals and occasionally higher quality spirits, but not much beyond that. “We can make it work,” he decided. “Just send me the exact costs.” “It’s a far more complicated process,” warned another specialist, a woman with eyes whose sharpness seemed only intensified by the glasses she wore. “It may not cost as much, but it will take much more time, and will mean that moving from this star to the next must be done twice as fast as previously estimated. Are you prepared for that?” “If you are prompt with sending the numbers, then I will make a final decision based on all information. Seeing as this option is so far only conjecture, I should like some hard numbers. As fast as you can please. Now I am needed elsewhere, excuse me.” He had no end of duties as commanding officer of both the Finalizer as well as Starkiller Base, and the medics had told him that he had been going between planet and ship far too often and he could only do one a day now. His body was not used to it after spending so many years living in space as a child, and he was straining it too much. Hux had been regulated to only one trip per day, at least for the next week. The atmosphere at Starkiller was far thinner and far more forgiving than any other planet, but still too much travel through an atmosphere could put a lot of strain on a body that hadn’t grown up traversing one at all times like others of earlier or later generations. But that didn’t mean that he didn’t keep remote surveillance of the Finalizer, trapped as he was on Starkiller. Phasma hadn’t yet returned his message inquiring about the Stormtroopers, but in his experience with the woman, that only meant that she was handling it and would tell him when the problem was neatly packed away. At least he didn’t have to worry about his basest soldiers as well. There was a reason they had tiers of command. Kylo hadn’t done anything destructive, thank the Maker. He had monopolized a training room, but that was nothing new. And considering everyone had seen his display on First Accord, absolutely no one wanted to disturb him while he trained. Hux couldn’t blame them, but still told Mitaka to inform him immediately if Kylo decided to destroy anything. It was a standard order to give, but now it left a pit in his stomach; if Kylo was to falter and destroy something, that might be viewed as a failure of his most recently assigned duties. By the time the sun set, Hux had nothing left to do on Starkiller that needed immediate attention, but there was precious little he could do through comm and message to the Finalizer. It left him in a ball of useless energy that he resolved by going to his quarters, finished before most of the barracks by virtue of his rank, and burrowing himself in academic texts, distracting himself from the fact that he was effectively useless. Despite that women held dominion over the souls of the J’leans and the death sphere (as evidenced by the Goddess Ferrywoman who brought the souls to the Death World as well as the Fates being a three headed woman, not to mention the Queen of the Death World), masculine dominion over the life sphere meant that there was what some considered overcompensation of the masculine role. This has led many scholars to incorrectly define the J’lean Empire as a solely masculine one – a patriarchy surrounding warfare and territory expansion which eventually lead to their ruin. I believe, however, that these same displays thought to be proof of the patriarchal hierarchy of the Empire are instead the desperate attempts by the masculine to leave their mark on the walls of time. It was said most clearly by the King of Kings Makaur in Fragment XXII, “so little time for the breath to ripple the water, so little time for it to settle again. What scratches we make in the edifice of time must be deep, for in time they will wear away as a damned memory does.” This article was perhaps hitting too close to home, reading about men who tried make their mark on the world around them, so that they would be remembered in face of the eternity that women held onto. The result was, lamentably, that there were precious few works commissioned by or exacted by women, who held dominion over souls and the unending afterlife of death they believed in. There was no reincarnation of the soul for the J’leans, it seemed. There were a few surviving works recorded to be commissioned by women, and they were fascinating and quite telling about everyday life in their society, but they were very far between compared to the sheer amount that men produced to glorify their own names. Still, Hux’s own fear of being forgotten was being touched upon too much by this particular article, but he refused to be frightened away by it, and instead stubbornly kept reading. Professor Mabun and Dr. Riil and even Anointed Liu all said that their craft had to be applied to modern times, and despite that J’lean culture was rather different from that of the Order, Hux could see what they meant. Starkiller was the same as the Colossus that stood beside the Imperial Crypt, the same as the War Frieze in the Temple of Sol which showed the great victories of King of Kings Traan. He was doing the same that every man of the J’lean Empire did, scratching his name frantically into the wall of time, trying to make it deep and large so that it would endure longer than anyone else’s. The J’lean Empire fell thousands of years prior, but their concerns echoed his own. It was both frightening, that this mighty empire now forgotten by most had the same concerns, and something close to comforting in a way. There was a kinship between him and those ancient Emperors. He could read of Traan’s great victories and remember his own, there was something reassuring in knowing that he was on par with these Emperors whose people saw them as incarnations of the sun itself. He fell asleep there, reading of ancient times that resonated so strongly within him, and woke up when a message chimed on his datapad, the numbers coming from those terraforming specialists. Sitting up slowly, stretching out the cramped muscles of his neck, he glanced at his chrono and realized that he had spent the whole night asleep at his desk. It was a half an hour before he usually woke up, but why not start the day a little earlier? Besides, if he roused early, that meant that he could be back on the Finalizer by the start of the first shift instead of arriving late. Hux was a good enough pilot, had to be if he wanted a passing grade back in the Academy, but in the fifteen minutes from planet to ship, he’d like to spend the time comparing the costs and consequences of the two proposed plans to maintain life while in transit from one star to the next. Granted, he was too concerned with the stress of takeoff for the first seven minutes, but the last eight he barely looked up from his datapad. Simulated dormancy would take less money, yes, and he could probably cover the extra costs beyond the budget out of pocket, but it would take far more time and might be more dangerous for those on the planet. Most of the dormancy would have to be done during one hemisphere’s springtime, preventing the flora from actually emerging from its winter state. The danger was that as the other hemisphere entered winter at the same time, the only oxygen production would be done by coniferous trees. Two trees could produce enough oxygen for four people, but so many forests had been destroyed at the equator to make room for the barrel of the weapon and what was referred to primarily in layman’s terms as the radiation belt, the massive trench that wouldn’t let the radiation reach the populated base. It was a chilling thought, to realize that with the amount of deforested area and that which had been killed by permafrost where the trees hadn’t been prepared to deal with such stress on the ecosystem, they might not have enough oxygen in the entire atmosphere for personnel. They already had a seven minute window from when the star was fully drained to when they had to leave to the next star, the last light vanishing and leaving them in total darkness. That was expected. They had prepared for an absolute skeleton crew for that, evacuating everyone else. The idea that this dormancy had to be done even before that? By the time that they actually fired the weapon, standing at sea level would be equivalent to standing atop a mountain. People could get what amounted to elevation sickness just from stepping outside if they tried to handle the problem by pumping oxygen into the complexes. By the time he got back to the Finalizer, he felt halfway to hopeless and increasingly irate and it wasn’t even First Shift yet. Today was going to be just wonderful, he thought as the shuttle landed and he stepped out into the hangar that was only just fully rousing for the day. Half distracted, he sent off the numbers from the terraforming specialists to the accountants to see what could be done as he walked to the bridge. There were no pressing updates from last night, and with the ship in orbit there was really nothing that needed immediate attention. The hyperdrive was close to being fixed, though, which was a relief. He didn’t like having anything out of commission on his ship. He found himself halfway through the shift glancing through the list of promising graduates from the Academy and its daughter schools, now annotated by those who had chosen their favorites while he had been too wrapped up dealing with Snoke’s new orders concerning Kylo and how he could keep Starkiller functioning in between stars. They were promising, he saw, and marked ten as his own. Two were tactician specialists who had managed minimal losses in the Inevitable Loss simulations, and he admired that. Perhaps they were not as minimal as the others taken before, but the fact that the managed less than fifty percent was impressive and real experience would make them far more capable than a simulation could. Another was brilliant in navigations and had written her thesis on how dark matter could be calculated into navigations in hyperspeed and built off the Mordehai theory of dark matter in relation to modified gravity. Another three were prime for greater command, but while not as obvious as some of their peers did show traits that Hux at least valued in commanding officers. Another had specialized in the engineering of the hyperdrive, and could easily take over mechanical navigation with how they theorized off the Rodburn Compressed Hyperspeed Theory. They had written that a chain of compressors could elongate the lifespan of the hyperdrive system of a Star Destroyer by the Pulley System. It was brilliant, actually, requiring each individual drive to exude less energy to push the whole ship into hyperspeed. Another two were communications, both polyglots who could speak fluently in the major native languages of six planets between them, entirely invaluable even when those planets were already part of the Order. The last, however, was the most interesting to Hux. She was one of the first to create her own specialty rather than enter into a previously established track, and the others of High Command were something of traditionalists, the more their loss. She was a Wartime Force-Use Theorist, so she said; she had analyzed how active vs. inactive Force Users had come into conflict during the fall of the Empire and theorized the deployment of a User in conflict could turn it in the favor of the side that had more active Users by sheer default. She’d do best in relatively close quarters with an actual Force User, he thought. Perhaps it was for that reason no one else had taken her under their command. When shift ended, he was called to a meeting by the accountants he had sent the numbers to, and braced himself about what horrible tidings they had to share. He had only just gotten himself out of his foul mood too. “If you go into this expecting to be put in a foul mood you will be,” warned a modulated voice at his elbow as Kylo fell into step beside him. “I had been wondering where you had been hiding,” said Hux, barely looking up from his datapad. “I haven’t heard tell of you destroying anything.” An idea was held up to his mind, but he didn’t have either brainspace or time to decode it. When he didn’t glance towards it, Kylo said, “You were concerned about your new orders. I didn’t want to make things worse for you.” “That’s new.” But he was oddly touched by it. Kylo didn’t acquiesce to anything, didn’t make compromises and never bowed to anyone’s will. That he should have done so for Hux’s peace of mind was rather touching, actually. “Oh, you’ll like this. There’s a new batch of students who are due for graduation and commissions next month, ten of them I’ve marked for this ship. One of them is a Wartime Force-Use Theorist. She wrote her dissertation on how Force Users are used in battle, studied Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa and how they were both active compared to Palpatine’s inactive status while Vader was active. You never know, she may just sit you down to talk about it. Promise me you won’t kill her.” Kylo was silent long enough for Hux to actually be almost concerned, especially since Kylo had in the past spoken of how Luke Skywalker tried to reach out to him and the Knights. Perhaps it was a sensitive subject? “You are remarkably calm about how she spoke of the fall of your cultural heritage,” said Kylo eventually, his tone impossible to define due to the helmet. “These first commissioned officers aren’t of my generation, Kylo. They only understand the empire as the structure from which the one they were born into came. For her, it is entirely theoretical. I haven’t actually read her dissertation, but from what I understand she used them as the stepping off point to explore the idea of how the Supreme Leader as well as you and your Knights as Force Users outnumbers every Force User the New Republic has and how your participation in our conflict would well and truly assure our victory. Even without Leader Snoke on the front lines, we would have seven to the New Republic’s one, now that Skywalker is more or less slated for execution once you find him. Any progress on that?” He was aware that he was being perhaps a bit too brusque, but he had plenty to deal with and he wanted as much information as was possible in a short period of time, and brusqueness with a man who could read his mind was perhaps forgivable. “I didn’t find anything last time, and I will not meditate for a few more days still. I know how you feel, but I will not let myself become addicted to meditation, if only for your sake.” Hux felt his cheeks get hot and willed the blush to go away as he snapped, “We are in public, please do not speak of that here.” “There is no one in the hall.” “That is beside the point.” I saw how hesitant you are to be the rod with which I am to be punished, and I am doing everything in my power that you will not have to be. Careful Ren, you’re getting sentimental. You are mine as I am yours, and I take care of that which is mine. Yes, the destruction of your quarters three months ago proves that. The quarters here are temporary, all such things are. I have my Knights, I have my lightsaber, I have the ever-fixed mark of my Knights, and I have you. I take care of all those things; my Knights I help when they seem to fall close to weakness, my weapon I maintain so that it does not break, the guiding mark of the Knights I preserve and protect, and you…I have yet to figure out what you need. Forgive me that I should try and determine that. The blush was at least off his cheeks, but it was climbing the back of his neck to hear such things. They bolstered him; he had seen how Kylo cared for his Knights, that he should be on the same plane as them was quite meaningful and he knew it. “What is the…mark?” he asked, stopping before the meeting room he was scheduled in. Kylo regarded him a long time, simple emotions held up for inspection of trust and hesitancy mixed together before he said, “We hold few things sacred in the Order of Ren, but this is one of them. I maintain it for that I am the rightful owner. You are many things, General, but you are not one who may see it. Perhaps someday, though.” Nodding as though it meant nothing, and truly it didn’t, Hux turned with the strangely bolstered spirits that Kylo’s little monologue had given him to the meeting that was sure to make him feel near useless. He never praised the Republic, he categorically refused to, but their interplanetary economy was sometimes something he wished could be implemented in the Order’s space. As it was, the Western Crescent’s natives tended not to travel between worlds if they could help it, and each planet’s economy was largely self-contained. And with High Command siphoning most of its funds to aiding where aid was needed, it was leaving Starkiller in the lurch and left Hux with too little funds for too large projects. Still, he had to do what he could. There was no other option. As expected, even with moving money around best they could, the dormancy plan required Hux to pay four thousand out of pocket, which was…better than the previous estimation. Still, it did raise the question of exactly how staff was supposed to survive on a planet no longer producing oxygen on its own power. “I suggest you leave that to the terraforming specialists,” said Hux dryly. “Seeing as they will be remaining onworld, I assume they have some plan in place that they will not die.” Human survival instincts did tend to place that above most other objectives. Still, when he was let go, he was still in something of a dark mood and could feel that sensation at his back that as of recently he couldn’t tell was phantom touch from too-tight muscles or Kylo actually bracing him with some Force touch between his shoulder blades. Either way, today was going as well as waking up at his own desk had heralded, and part of him just wanted the day to be done so that he could start again. Food would do him good, he decided. The officer’s mess was loud and busy at this time of the day, but as General, most people left him alone. There was a message from Shara, he saw, talking about how her brother was to graduate from the Benau Academy, and how her class was starting to learn about High Command ( Everyone has to do a small report about a member of High Command, they’re split into groups, and you wouldn’t believe how many want to do their report on you ). The simple updates were a relief from dealing with a thousand things far more complex every moment of the day. Granted, civilian life was wildly beyond him most days, but it still was a moment to rest. Still, the moment was too short and he was soon swept up in an urgent message that seismic activity was detected, something too strong for the slowed tectonic shifts that Starkiller had. With so much of the core jettisoned, there shouldn’t be anything this powerful. It was softer than what occurred along fault lines and it could barely be felt by those on the base, but that it should be happening at all was worrying. It felt too much like a planet caught in its death throes, even as Hux cringed at such a poetic thought. “We’re concerned that the Oscillator might have something to do with it,” said the one pressed to speak to him, Sergeant Furcht. “Or at least, the terraforming specialists are having a row with the Oscillator’s engineers over it. Something about the size of the Oscillator creating a new tectonic fault line?” “You mean to tell me that the planet is displaying an alarmingly strong seismic event and no one knows what’s causing it and are instead bickering over it?” asked Hux, resisting the urge to rub his temples. “Something like that, sir,” apologized Furcht. “There’s actually nothing we can do for the moment, we just have to wait it out and make certain nothing was damaged afterwards. There’s three different teams to handle the Oscillator, everything else is secondary.” “Good, the moment this event is finished make certain that the Oscillator is not damaged. If anything should go wrong, we’ll all suffer for it.” “Yes sir. From what I understand, most tectonic activity has slowed down immensely since the core of the planet was jettisoned. This is major only in comparison, the suspicion is that nothing will be damaged at all.” “I’d prefer no risks be taken, Sergeant.” “Of course, sir.” Once they were disconnected, Hux remained on tenterhooks about whether or not something like a relatively minor seismic event would trigger some great catastrophe. It was a good thing this was happening now and not when in the process of draining the sun, he told himself. If the Oscillator was damaged and no one caught it, when trying to absorb a star they might just be destroyed from the second they tried to harness the nuclear fusion. And when that pressure of another person occupying his brain appeared, Hux sighed and snapped, Stay out of my head, Kylo, I don’t have room to deal with that right now. You’re stressed. Yes I am. The Oscillator could be damaged and don’t think I’ve forgotten how your Knight saw a future of Starkiller being destroyed. There is no guarantee this will cause it, and not all of her visions come to pass. Forgive me if I am marginally concerned over it. Let me help, you will end up destroying yourself if you get so stressed in a time when your ship is effectively doing nothing – The ship might be doing little, but the base is not. Did you forget I am the one in charge of this project? It would be impossible for me to do so. But you cannot do anything about a seismic event nor can you go down to the base today, your body is already ill equipped for that – Excuse me? You spent most of your formative years in space, your body never adapted for atmospheric entrance and exit. That’s not a flaw of your character, it just means that with constantly going between the ship and the base you are putting a lot of stress on your system. When did you become so understanding? Hux, I don’t have many things in this galaxy. What I do have, I take care of. And I have you now, so I am going to take care of you. I don’t need taking care of! There was a long period of silence before Kylo held up images and ideas. It was jolting, to see himself from outside his own body, but Kylo was remembering holding him in that vastly indulgent water shower. The borrowed emotions of the memory were powerful; possessiveness, desperate gratitude that this was something he could have, fondness for just how small Hux truly was under his layers, and a desire to protect him. Hux was concerned about whether or not he could bear to do to Kylo what he saw as torture, and now Kylo was concerned that Hux was doing himself the same amount of harm he saw in what Kylo had been prescribed. Hux had said outright he refused to be had, and now it was achingly clear he resented the idea that anyone else should take care of him. It was who he was, he wasn’t built to let another human care for him. But Kylo seemed to be built along the same lines; he couldn’t let someone take care of him without reciprocating, otherwise he saw himself weak and coddled instead of part of a mutually beneficial partnership. If Hux was to keep him in line, it translated to Kylo that he was taking care of him. But he chafed that he was denied reciprocation, frustrated that one of the strictest men on the ship and base would be coddling him. Let me help. You’re in an awful mood and you’re stressed over something you cannot do anything about for the moment. Despite what Kylo had shown, it felt too much like weakness to give in, and Hux couldn’t. Not yet, he thought. Kylo, for his part, seemed displeased by that, but didn’t argue, and slid out of Hux’s head, the pressure on his skull vanishing with him. It was a good thing too, it might have evolved into a headache and Hux didn’t have the time for that day. As it was, he was going to meet with the mechanical navigations officers and their engineers to determine just why the hyperdrive had broken and after that he was due on the bridge again. And all the while, he kept half an eye on his datapad to see what would come of this seismic event. At the end of the day, Hux was irritable but relieved; the Oscillator hadn’t been damaged. The event was still without cause and he issued an order that it be investigated immediately. There wasn’t much they could do in terms of prevention, but they could at least get a prediction model in place so that it wouldn’t happen in the midst of draining the star. All he wanted was a glass of cooked absinthe and to read one of the newer articles Dr. Riil had suggested for him before bed. Today had been a disappointment and he just wanted to start the new day. Hopefully tomorrow could be salvaged. As he put out the flames that danced across the green liquid, he heard the sound of someone signaling at his door. Going to open it, he had a feeling he wouldn’t be having that drink any time soon for it was Kylo on the other side, a tension in the line of his shoulders that spoke to nothing good. “Are you quite well?” asked Hux when Kylo pushed past him into the room, gaze fixed entirely on the glass of absinthe. No answer was forthcoming. “Kylo?” Only then did he turn around swiftly, as if surprised by Hux’s voice, hands coming up to tear at his helmet until he got it off. He looked distraught. He looked seconds from destroying something, and that was not going to be happening in Hux’s quarters. “I did my best that I would not have to ask you to keep me in line, but I am weak,” he finally said. “I crave water.” “You know I don’t think you can be addicted to that.” “I don’t care! ” snarled Kylo. “I don’t care if you believe it or not, but I need you to not let me have any.” That anger was mixed with desperation, Hux could see, and the cause was clear when Kylo presented it to him, ideas and images held up for inspection. Already Snoke was less than subtle that he expected Kylo to find another piece of the map. Kylo, it seemed, was under just as much pressure as Hux was and could not afford to fail at this. Saying nothing, Hux took his glass of absinthe and set it in a cabinet, away from Kylo’s line of sight as he asked, “How much longer until you can drink something? Until you’ve proven you can’t be addicted?” “I’ve gone two days. I’ve already had my Trial of Water, tomorrow I can drink again, but tonight I cannot falter,” said Kylo. “Then you’re going to sit down where I can keep an eye on you so that you don’t,” said Hux simply. He still felt ill at the idea of doing so, of denying Kylo water to the point that for anyone else it might even be called a slow execution, but it wasn’t the time to fight it. Instead, Kylo ended up laying on Hux’s bed, flat on his stomach with his head turned to stare blankly at the wall as Hux settled beside him, a hand on his back as he read the essay in front of him aloud to distract them both. “By the time the J’lean Empire expanded so far as Miajugist, the area was under the reign of the Fourth King of the House of Rohandia, Deroh. The area was known and is still known for its pottery, which in the time of the House of Rohandia was well sought as a luxury good by even the J’lean Imperial Court. Mimicry workshops sprung up across the Empire, so well regarded was Miajugistian pottery.” The essay spoke of how the oldest pottery of the area marked the development of language, how the first letters were marked alongside finely incised and carved figures; heroes calling war cries in battle or orators reciting poetry. They seemed close to children’s books, with exaggerated speech bubbles, but that some pots merely mimicked the shapes of letters to make the artisan’s art the more elevated was an interesting one. “The most famous example is that of Pensmult and Cxagrenis playing the ancient game of Hops, calling out their scores. Pensmult is the loser with a score of eight, referencing the story of Cxagrenis slaying the king and his family when Pensmult belittled his mourning by saying ‘you’ve yet eight children, why weep for losing just one?’ Cxagrenis’ winning score of eleven, however, holds no weight within the story, unless some element has been lost to time, a sobering possibility considering the cultural suppression in the early years of the J’lean dominion over Miajugist.” “Hux,” said Kylo softly, and Hux looked up from his reading, surprised to hear that rough voice. He said nothing else for a long time until Hux prompted him with little more than a tap of a finger on the back of his neck. “Your life is like this,” he continued, raising a hand drawing a steep slope in the air. “Always going up. But have you stopped to think what happens when you reach the top of the path you’re on?” “Like climbing a rock face, you just find another route and keep going,” said Hux. “Even if it means climbing back down? You don’t think I know you, but I know you’re too prideful to accept that. You’ll leap, and you’ll either make it, or you’ll fall.” That was vaguely worrying, and Hux sat aside his datapad to hear it as he looked down at Kylo. “I know Lady Khee is your fortuneteller,” he said slowly, “but have you had a vision?” Kylo said nothing for a while before finally saying, “I think your philosophical studies are rubbing off on me.” “Oh yes, what a struggle, actually thinking for once.” “And anyway, Khee is not our fortuneteller,” he continued as if he hadn’t heard Hux. “None of us can truly tell the future, she just receives visions easier than the rest of us. It’s a vision of a future, not the future.” “I should hope so, considering she foretold Starkiller’s collapse.” “Whatever happens, you aren’t going to blame her. She can’t change the future any more than you can a seismic event.” The protective instinct Kylo had for his Knight was entirely obvious, and Hux found himself stroking down Kylo’s spine to assure he meant the Lady no harm. Khee could probably kill him before he did anything anyway. Kylo did not speak again, and eventually Hux picked up the datapad again and began to read, his own throat uncomfortably dry for denying himself water alongside Kylo, “The example of Cxagrenis and Pensmult calling out their scores is indicative of the playful view the people of Miajugist had of their new writing system. Few people at this time were literate, so to own and understand a piece like this would have been a point of pride, and viewed as a curiosity for the pot would be effectively talking. These ‘talking pieces’ fell out of fashion as more and more people became literate, and the written word became separate from the world of art. There were a few attempts at revivals, but it never seemed to gather any momentum.” He continued reading without interruption until he finished the essay, finding Kylo had fallen asleep somewhere in the middle. Tomorrow would be better, he hoped as he prepared for bed. There wasn’t much anywhere else to go but uphill from today. Notes: this chapter's alternate title is "Hux and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day" Chapter 6 Notes: well this has been months in coming, hasn't it? (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The Officer’s Barracks were finished, and there were already categorizations in place for what groups of trees in what order should be put to dormancy, and things were looking up. Kylo, however, was the sole exception to that trend. And as things typically were with the Knight, he managed to make every good thing absolutely moot. Nothing got better with him, instead he grew more and more irate as time went on and he kept not finding another piece of the map. Every day, it seemed, there was some tale of Kylo destroying something or threatening someone or sending someone to medbay or any combination thereof. Kylo was angry and refused to be calmed and at the same time Hux kept doing what he could to keep it from happening again. At moments when he had a space to breathe, he tried to reason with him, at nights he tried to distract him, but nothing was working and there was no small amount of fear in him that he was failing Snoke’s orders. The recipe was fit for disaster, Kylo’s anger and Hux’s frustrated fear, and as all things it was destined to come to a head. When it did, it resulted in the two shouting at each other, Kylo’s words mangled by his helmet and Hux shouting all the louder for feeling vulnerable compared to Kylo who had some amount of a shield. “Are you so incapable of basic dignity that you can’t keep yourself in line for a single day? ” snarled Hux. “You understand nothing about what I am charged with,” replied Kylo, the same amount of vitriol in his voice. “Finding the map, yes, I do know that! It’s only what you’ve been engaging in childish rages about and I will not stand for it any longer!” That foreign presence forced its way into his mind, oppressive and far from the almost gentle touches Kylo had tried to make it in the past. It hurt, it hurt a lot, but Hux wasn’t going to admit that if he could help it. “Stay out of my head. ” “You’re pathetic, so scared of what Snoke will do to you if you don’t keep me in line. Scared what happens to your prisoners will happen to you? Or your Stormtroopers? Scared you’ll be subject to conditioning?” Hux had no defense against someone pressing into his mind. It meant he had very few ways to retaliate now that Kylo had decided to be cruel. But Kylo hadn’t restrained him, and he did have a nasty habit of assuming that just because Hux had never been on a battlefield he had no combat experience at all. It was sheer instinct, and because of that he didn’t think about it so Kylo was caught entirely off guard when Hux punched him hard in the stomach. Immediately Kylo doubled over, wheezing from having the wind knocked out of him. “I understand plenty well the pressure you are under, Ren . You are asked to fulfill a task nigh impossible and so am I. Yours come from Leader Snoke. Mine come from him and from High Command. You’re to find a map, while I am to keep you in line as well as maintain Starkiller and make certain that the flora of that planet does not die in transit. I have neither time nor patience to deal with your childish tantrums. Now get out of my quarters, I don’t want to see you.” Turning away and picking up his datapad, Hux ignored the sounds of Kylo regaining his breath, and didn’t turn when he put on his helmet and left, instead focusing on the messages before him. The beginnings of artificial dormancy were beginning to be performed in the northern hemisphere, a few new reeducation slips, and the daily report he demanded from the Oscillator. When the door closed and he was alone, he set it back down, and placed his hands on either side of it on the desk, head hanging down between his arms. It was Kylo who had first been cruel, he reminded himself. Kylo who had forced his way painfully into Hux’s head and who had torn at what he found there. But still it hurt, somehow, having to send Kylo away. The Knight had taken root in Hux’s heart, and he wasn’t sure how he felt about that, the idea that his heart could make him vulnerable at all. This wasn’t his fault and he stood by that fact. He would continue to stand by that as long as necessary. Apologies were a foreign concept to Kylo, but Hux wasn’t going to blindly forgive. And he stood by that for days following, pouring himself fully into work and not letting himself wish for anything else than for the projects he was overseeing to come to fruition. Over the next few days, Hux’s world barely reached beyond the Finalizer and the planetary weapon it orbited. Being the commanding officer of a ship that housed as many people as a decently sized city as well as an entire planet-turned-military-base was more than enough to take up all his attention, but there were moments when Kylo’s absence was noted. In a breath of free time, when he read about the fall of J’lean Empire’s State Religion by way of the emergence of mystery religions, shadowy faiths with more secrets than answers, Hux found himself looking for Kylo to share some comment about how the Knights of Ren could have flourished in the Late Imperial Age only to find the room stubbornly empty. A report came in that Kylo had taken a shuttle to Starkiller, but far from the populated areas again and it was the first Hux had heard tell of Kylo since he had sent him away. Last time Kylo had diverted his course from the base to the depths of the forest, he had destroyed a copse of trees, but this time, there was no reported damage, even if they couldn’t find the Knight himself. It certainly didn’t answer the question of what Kylo was doing there, but at least Hux didn’t have to worry about losing any more oxygen than he already would. He should be glad to have Kylo out of his space, Hux tried to rationalize even as he hoped that every chime at his door was Kylo. He had thought to himself more than once that he felt stifled by the Knight’s constant presence. It didn’t matter that he had become used to Kylo’s heavy warm weight on his leg as he meditated, it didn’t matter that Kylo used to listen to him with interest and enthusiasm when he spoke of the most recent articles he had read and what conclusions he was drawing from them. It didn’t matter because his leg had fallen asleep before from Kylo’s weight there. It didn’t matter because he was still very friendly with respected professors who could actually engage him in conversation about it. “My word, you could write a paper of your own at this rate,” said Dr. Riil, laughter making her words shake. “I am far from an expert, Doctor,” demurred Hux. Granted, he had asked some rather complex questions, but when had he not? “Oh General, my students have all written ten page papers at this point, you certainly are right there with them.” “I’ve plenty enough work as it is, I don’t really have need of more.” “I certainly wasn’t going to assign you a paper, General, though I’m sure if you did it would be very good, and I could tell my students all to be more like you. You know, I truly believe not even half of them do the required reading, perhaps I should tell them General Hux of High Command does all your readings too on top of running the nation. That might get them in line.” “Doctor.” “Apologies. Now, as for your questions. The King of Kings was the ultimate authority, yes, and he was the sole leader of the nation, at least until they split it into fourths near the end, but his attendant families were still very important. They were…I suppose you could call it court, in a nontraditional sense as you would understand it. They were called the Learned Ones, and were all members of nobility who passed civil service exams so that they could serve as advisors and high judiciary figures.” “You say as I would understand it?” “Yes, yes, you think of imperial courts as being in close proximity to the emperor, do you not?” Hux thought back to the stories of how the most important families in the Imperial age all had a home on Naboo by the end, as well as one on Coruscant, and always in the same districts, and nodded. “For the J’leans, the imperial court tended to their own lands, and returned to the capital for important calendric events. The Learned Ones were judges in their own lands, and were rather migratory aside from that, coming to the King of Kings when called and arriving for the larger festivals as well.” “Tending to their own lands? You mean to say that power was spread out?” “No, the power remained with the King of Kings. But they were not fools, General. They let cadet rulers hold some form of power beneath them, it made governance easier and kept them from looking too high on the social ladder. I sent you an article about Miajugist pottery? I should send you one about Deroh, the King of that same area. He kept contact with King of Kings Andian, tried to keep him at bay, though it did him little good. Apologies, I’m getting off topic. The noble families held power and owned grand areas of land only by grace of the King of Kings, and they had to be at the imperial palace for all major holidays, festivals, and whatever celebrations he should ordain. They had to stay in his good graces if they wanted to keep their titles and land wealth.” “So when the Empire fell, those families became the war lords before planetary union?” “Yes, General, they were. There was no King of Kings to take their land from them anymore, and they each crowned themselves, and over the years those were no longer war lords but legitimate rulers of legitimate countries, some of which rejected monarchies and remade themselves under different political structures. Now they are our cultural heritage counties, and there are more in what was once the Empire than many other places in Yvinia. A similar process did occur to the southeast, I believe, in the Iwi provinces, but I am no expert in the history of that area. Very complicated, I don’t pretend to understand it.” Did the ancient world ever cease to leave its trace, Hux wondered as he found himself asking without even thinking about how it made him sound, “That’s where heritage counties come from?” Immediately, he was mortified. He was one of the leaders of the nation and he just admitted to one of its citizens that he was horribly ignorant about the very nation he led. But Dr. Riil just smiled and said, her eyes shining with indulgence in a way that Hux wasn’t sure how he felt about, “Yes, the divisions had to come from somewhere. Yvinia united into one central government the way most planets did soon as we realized there were other people out there who wanted to talk. But no one could let the old countries just vanish, there was too much history. We used to wage war against each other, every nation had the blood of another on its hands, just look at the J’leans. So we have a single government with which we joined the Order and with which we do politics with other planets, but for our day to day life, we are very loyal to our counties. I imagine it’s the same everywhere else.” “Is it that marked a difference between counties?” asked Hux, unsure of why she was so patiently explaining something he should have known long ago. “I admit, I have very limited experiences with planets.” “Oh yes. Landan University is in the heritage county of Ramsay, and it certainly is different from Yabern. An anthropologist would be better at describing the differences. There are a few Space Children who have committed a few wrong steps socially before, it does seem to be an affliction very unique to your generation, General.” Hux bristled at the comment. His generation was constantly viewed as some curiosity, like a social experiment, and he really did tire of being defined by the conditions of his childhood. There was a book that was famous in the Order to his distaste, written on Sfera by some philosopher who examined their own society through the eyes of a Space Child who was ignorant and untouched by it. There was this idea that Space Children were available for all thought experiments, as if they were a concept and not a generation that didn’t ask to have the childhoods they had. “Thank you, Doctor, for describing my generation as afflicted,” said Hux, tone sharp. “I meant no offense, I do apologize. I only meant to say that few Space Children have really come to note the differences between cultural heritage counties. It is very difficult to tell the difference unless you live on the planet, and so many of you seem to have gone into the military, is all I meant to comment on.” Taking a breath, Hux let go of that frustrated anger. Dr. Riil didn’t deserve it, and so he would leave it. Instead, he turned back to the J’leans, and left the question of whether or not his generation could understand what was left of those old countries for another time. As promised, Dr. Riil did send him plenty readings about the cadet rulers and the tributary system in place from each of them. He would have started reading them immediately after the call was disconnected, if not for the fact that he was called away by duty. “You sent for me, General?” asked Phasma, dropping her salute elegantly. “On two counts, yes,” said Hux. “First regarding yourself, captain, and the second regarding Kylo Ren.” “Sir?” “I sent you a request quite some time ago about the reeducation slips I have received from your division. There are more slips for subordination of rank and disregard for the dignity of officers than there should be. I wanted to know why that had been the case. And you have yet to answer me.” “The cause is…more diluted than we would have preferred,” said Phasma calmly. “Conformity has its downsides.” “Explain,” snapped Hux. “They conform to themselves. If there is any sort of culture there, they conform to it.” “Are you saying that my men, whom have been conditioned since birth have a culture of disrespecting their betters?” “I am saying, General, that somewhere in the ranks the idea has been introduced and whenever we recondition those who display such traits, it simply deals with them, not with the source so they keep conforming to it. But with it so diluted, it’s hard to find the source. It isn’t being taught to them by us, but all internal leaders must be the most loyal. It started across all squadrons, so we can’t even simply recondition the original squadron.” Hux stared her down, searching for an indication that she might be lying to him. He was very good at dealing with people in masks. She showed no signs of falsehood, none of her usual tics that gave it away. Finally, nodding slowly Hux said, “You have proven yourself in the past, I see no reason to distrust your abilities now. But this must be dealt with as soon as possible. I won’t have my troops propagating a culture that breeds uprisings.” “Yes, sir. And about Lord Ren?” That was a trickier subject. He didn’t want to give anyone the power over him that knowing of their involvement would grant, but this was still important, knowing what his absent lover was doing. And not just for selfish interest, Hux assured himself. He may have found himself missing the knight under the anger that still hovered around thoughts of Kylo, but this wasn’t about that. This was about the fact that he had, for all intents and purposes, gone missing. “He has been suspiciously nondestructive recently.” “I would have thought you would be glad of that, sir.” “I am. But I don’t know why he’s suddenly stopped or what he is even doing, and I don’t like it. I don’t trust it.” “Do you want him breaking things or not?” asked Phasma, the cadence of her voice ruthlessly flat. It was simple for her; Kylo broke things and people and it was a problem, he stopped and it was a relief. “I want to know where he’s disappeared to. If he isn’t destroying anything on the ship or the base, he’s destroying elsewhere, and at this point, we cannot lose any more trees. We already lost over half the planet’s oxygen producing life and we can’t survive if he decides to cut down a whole forest. I want to know how many he’s killing by not thinking beyond himself.” “Shall I send a squadron to find where he’s going?” “Yes, thank you Captain.” Dismissing her, he turned back to the work in front of him. The Academy had just had its graduation, and his commissioned graduates were due in the next few days, both those he had personally commissioned and those generally assigned. Their arrival wasn’t anything he had to worry about, though he did like to be aware of it. But it was that Force Theorist he was interested in, he’d want to meet with her eventually. He’d have to keep her safely away from Kylo, however, that much was certain. She would be useful for how to try and direct him in battle, not for sending her up against him and ending up strangled because of some theory she had. Why did everything revolve around Kylo these days? The knight had slotted himself into nearly aspect of life and Hux did not appreciate that. He needed a moment where he wasn’t thinking of Kylo, no matter what arrangement they had fallen into. Signing off on dozens of permissions and reviewing dozens of reports, he was surprised when there was a chime at his door. Unlocking the door for entry, Hux’s low burning frustration flared up at seeing none but Kylo Ren himself appear there. Still, for all that there were large gaps in security footage due to sheer size, there most certainly was one trained on his office door and he had no desire whatsoever to have some low ranking grunt see him lock out Kylo in a fit of frustration, and for that he allowed Kylo entry. He was still angry at Kylo for what he had done, and was prepared to strike at Kylo in defense again if he needed to, or to swiftly banish him from his side, and yet as soon as the door was closed, Kylo removed the mask. It took a great deal of willpower to grasp at and cling to that anger in face of how Kylo looked at him with such a wounded expression. “I have stood neck deep in fresh water and did not partake for days,” said Kylo without greeting or preamble, his tone somber and serious. “I have stayed awake until I saw things that were not real, I have stood in the face of a hurricane and did not move. I have endured such trials, ones you yourself have described as torture, but nothing has felt as torturous as your dismissal of me.” Kylo set down the helmet and spread his hands helplessly as he said, “I wanted to bring you good news, give you coordinates for the next piece of the map. I’ve meditated far more often than I should. But you center me and let me work far better than I could on my own.” Hux took a breath and said simply, “You were cruel.” “I know. I fear it’s in my nature. I am sorry.” That was the apology Hux hadn’t ever expected, and though his anger did not fade, it shifted sideways, let him feel how much he had missed Kylo. What a thought, he hadn’t thought he’d ever miss the man. But still he had managed to, and now all that emotion was striking him between the ribs like a knife sliding home. “I do not forgive you for what you did,” he said slowly. “But I know that you are far from graceful when it comes to anything relating to another person. If you ever do what you did again, if you ever do anything even remotely like it, I will send you away from me and never let you back.” “And if I don’t?” whispered Kylo, sounding and looking afraid to hope. Hux took a breath before looking the man in the eye and saying, “Then I will keep you at my side. I’ve managed to miss you somehow, for all you did.” The expression on Kylo’s face did not change, but his eyes did, suddenly gleaming with muted happiness. Hesitantly, he approached, looking as if he expected to be sent away at any moment. Hux did not stand from where he was seated, and despite that he had to look up at Kylo, he felt a current of power race through him. Did the Edan Emperors feel that way? Was that why they had writ in stone that none but the Empress may sit when the Emperor did? A gloved hand rose up, rousing him from his thoughts of Edan custom, and hovering by Hux’s jaw until he nodded, allowing it to press there, allowing a finger to trace the hinge below the ear. Despite the glove, it felt warm. It felt right, as unsettling at that was. “Every time I meditated, my mind could not reach out, it kept returning to you,” confessed Kylo. “I left the ship, went to the far side of the planet, but distance did nothing. I couldn’t cast my mind away from you.” “Careful, you sound sentimental,” said Hux, his voice just off his normal tone for how surprised he was of the simple honesty in Kylo’s words. He didn’t do well with such strong emotions, but Kylo was a creature almost solely of feeling and he simply would have to get used to it, it seemed. If Kylo had his way, Hux suspected, they would have remained like that for ages longer; perhaps Kylo would have meditated against Hux’s knee as the general worked. But that was not the case. Instead, he had to contact Phasma and call off the search for Kylo and still he had a meeting with senior staff of keeping personnel aboard the Finalizer from fraternization or other vices while they were essentially called upon to do nothing for the moment. If Kylo decided to follow him around as a menacing shadow, then there was very little Hux could do to keep him from that decision. Come that evening, while Hux kept working, Kylo sat calm and relaxed in something that looked like meditation even if he wasn’t going totally limp and things weren’t floating around him. Hux almost envied him that calmness. Apparently there was a regiment of minutemen on Otau that had actually managed to assassinate a major government leader and now due action had to be taken. General Xiu was already on Otau to make statements in the name of all High Command and to oversee the trials of those men. It was falling to the rest of them to figure out exactly how much power local regiments should be allowed in the wake of this. There were proposals that there should be a merging of military and local police forces, there was thought that they should simply make statements about letting the planet deal with itself and leave it at that, and Hux wasn’t putting forth his own suggestion because he was reading into the history of the Heritage County that militia had come from and trying to find out why one of them was on record in court saying that it was inevitable, that the governor had been unfit for his station and therefore it was in their rights that they should have done what they did. Dr. Riil had made him think, and perhaps, he thought, perhaps honoring what those on the planet saw as a great divide of custom and culture would be the best approach. If only he could understand what exactly that divide was. Alright, there wasn’t an almost about it, he did envy Kylo his odd calmness. Letting himself take a sighing breath, he tried to dive back into the old regions of the country it used to be before it was a Heritage County and startled when Kylo said, “You could just say that you’re too busy to take notice of one assassination.” “There are two things wrong with that statement,” said Hux. “First, it is my job as a member of High Command to help actually run our nation, and second I cannot be apathetic to an assassination done by my own citizens to one of my own governors.” “High Command is not going to kick you out for not having an in depth solution to one problem, I mean.” And now a hand was on his shoulder, pressing down slightly and oh his shoulders were nearly hunched weren’t they? “Just put forth a proposal, you don’t need to be digging into old records like that. Do you have contact with some archive on Otau?” “These are all public records, Kylo. One of the assassins claimed it was inevitable, I want to know why.” “Let me help.” “I beg your pardon? Help? When have you ever helped?” “You are going to run yourself ragged.” “Why are you so calm?” “You’ve allowed me by your side again,” he said, as if it were the most obvious thing in the galaxy. And maybe it was. Still, that was too close to the heart for Hux to deal with at the moment, and he shoved a datapad at Kylo, cutting off the emotion. “You can read on the history of the Heritage County if you’re so intent on helping.” It was only minutes later when Kylo said, “These are worse than military reports.” “How would you know, you never do reports,” said Hux, surprised when Kylo smiled to himself to hear it. “Military reports and historical articles function the same way, they’re written to be read by an audience who already has a basic understanding of the situation.” “And you have that understanding?” “No, but I am used to reading these. At least try, Kylo.” The old federal divisions each had their own old ordinances of law, but there was nothing about legality of murder. Not that he really expected there to be, murder tended to be frowned upon in most cultures, after all. “‘The rights of this nation declare that it shall never be below another, and on this most glorious day we declare that if the people of this land are so requiring of violence as a means of preserving this right granted at the birth of the nation we bear witness to today, then as the children of this nation we condone the removal of the leaders deemed by the governed as unfit, by force if we so need,’” read out Kylo. “Is that what they’re referencing?” Hux’s head whipped around to stare at Kylo. “What is that?” “They declared themselves a sovereign nation with this. I assume that this is what makes them believe they could assassinate someone.” “I would say so.” Dr. Riil had said that people were still very loyal to their heritage counties, did that mean these minutemen believed that they were in the right? What implications did that have now that the heritage county wasn’t its own nation? Did any other county have the same sort of cultural history that would take inspiration from them? Taking the datapad and reading the transcription of that old document, a plan began to take shape and form. Raise the question in the Cultural Heritage County of how well they adhered to the founding principles of the ancient nation and how much those ancient nations still mattered, and let the courts dispense internal justice. High Command would be regarded favorably for bowing to local history and custom, and whoever took over from the dear departed would be more cautious so as not to rouse ancient rights of assassination. “Could they really just declare themselves a sovereign nation?” asked Kylo, idly flicking through the datapad that Hux had set down. “It depends on the context of the nation,” said Hux distractedly, already preparing a proposal citing the declaration Kylo had managed to find. “If they were ceding from another nation, then it was usually done by declaring war, and they could only write up a document declaring themselves a nation if they won that war. If there were nations around them that viewed the land they lived on as unclaimed then yes, declaring themselves a nation is entirely logical and oftentimes necessary.” “And which exactly did the First Order do?” Hux’s fingers stopped typing, and he turned to Kylo, wishing he didn’t have to fight so soon after he let Kylo by his side again, but before he could say a word, Kylo continued, “You know full well I am born of the Republic, I don’t know all of the Order’s history.” It was easier to believe Kylo was the source of all the discord in their arrangement, but as time went on, Hux was forced to realize that he was certainly to blame for part of it. He didn’t want to admit it, but there was a point where it would be silly to do otherwise. “The Order grew out of existing loose trading relations in the Western Crescent,” he said eventually. “Morpila was being threatened by a nearby warlord, Manon, when the exiles first came. We were mercenaries, originally. It took a long time before they allowed us more than refueling and resupplying rights. When it became known that Morpila and its trade allies had Imperial Star Destroyers fully manned and armed as their protectors, Manon came to war and tried to take them back under his control. It wasn’t made public that there were whole families, many of them civilian families, onboard our ships. We weren’t allowed any settling rights when we arrived. Plenty died in that war before Snoke appeared to help. After that, the planets Manon had held wanted us to be their protectors. Each planet was its own nation, there was no central government. High Command originally organized the military alone, and eventually coordinating between all the allied planets became a central government. The Order declared itself a nation without having to cede from another.” Kylo nodded slowly, watching Hux work with a contemplative look on his face. Once he had sent in his proposal, then he had to deal with the fact that there was discord about that oil spill in Sfera. Apparently there was concern that it wasn’t cleaned adequately enough and now High Command had to find a way to prove that the water was, in fact, clean. And after that he still had a starship the size of a small nation to run as well as an entire planet and Captain Phasma had yet to cull that disrespect among the Stormtroopers, apparently. The list went on and on and on and if he just focused on proposing a solution regarding this assassination then he could compartmentalize and it wouldn’t be overwhelming. “Do you want me to look through the Stormtroopers’ minds?” asked Kylo. “Why would I let you do that? I need them respectful, not comatose.” “I’ve been in your head.” “Yes, and you leave me with headaches every time.” “Do I?” That made Hux turn. Was he really so unaware? “I’ve tried to be gentle. I suppose I wasn’t careful enough.” “I suppose so…” Kylo? Trying to be gentle? Had he fallen asleep at his desk and was dreaming? It wouldn’t be the first time… “I have to take care not to break you, Hux,” said Kylo, and Hux bristled at the implication that he was someone who needed to be treated gently. “My Knights are just as strong as me in the mind, some even stronger, and Master Snoke is stronger than all of us combined. I don’t have to worry about what I will do to them. But you have no strength in the mind as they do, and I care about you far more than I do prisoners, so I try and take care with you where I don’t with them. But you’re strong enough that I’ve never seen you suffer from any ill-effects, and I never realized.” Hux settled at that, relaxing and starting to think that that was oddly sweet, in its own way. Kylo knew enough to try, at least. Rather startlingly, he began to wonder when he had ever tried. An arrangement like they had had to work both ways, and things certainly had changed since First Accord. He found himself actively caring for Kylo now, and he couldn’t expect to just act as if he were putting up with him. It was a rather sobering realization, if only because he didn’t know then how to act. “If I were to take care, comb the minds of the Stormtroopers for whatever discord there is among them regarding officers as I would comb your mind, would you permit it?” asked Kylo, drawing Hux from his thoughts. “I don’t mind if they have a few headaches, but do try to keep them from going mad,” he said eventually. Kylo nodded, and settled back into something that looked like it could have been meditation if not for the tense line of concentration around the eyes and the hand that curled into a claw against his knee. Hoping he hadn’t made a mistake, he turned back to work, answering concerns of Starkiller, of the Finalizer, of the nation as a whole. Yet passing off the concern of the Stormtroopers felt as if a weight was no longer on his shoulders. The rest felt…doable. And Kylo sat there, unmoving, while Hux managed to actually finish all his work for the night. And he sat there as he readied himself for bed. And he sat there when Hux cautiously knelt before him, unsure what to do, if rousing him would do more harm than good. It had been hours, should he try and wake his odd knight? As if in answer to that thought, Kylo’s eyes opened, and he smiled to see Hux before him. “I was getting worried,” said Hux. “You were out of it for such a long time.” “There are thousands of ‘troopers, you know,” said Kylo, dragging Hux into his lap and ignoring his complaints. “I could feel you getting worried too. So I came back.” Held awkwardly sideways in Kylo’s lap, Hux tried to settle into it. Why was Kylo so insistent about touch? “Well, you didn’t have to,” he said. “I’d have been worried, but I would still be fine.” “Yes, but I’d rather you not be worried at all. You worry about everything all the time, if I can take some of that away I will.” Hux said nothing to that. “I couldn’t find it,” admitted Kylo, pressing his brow to Hux’s shoulder. “I hate their minds, they’re…they’re not right. But I’ll keep looking.” “What do you mean their minds aren’t right?” There was a long moment of silence before Kylo said, “They’re…imagine a fruit. And it looks fine from the outside, but somehow, something’s taken out bits from the inside. Like…almost like bubbles in glass. When it’s blown by a person and not by a machine.” Hux had never seen glassblowing to know what the difference Kylo was trying to allude to was. Frankly, he barely saw any glass. It was fragile, even when tempered, and was irresponsible to have on a star destroyer. After a point, transparisteel was just more common. “I assume this is more of the Force that’s beyond me,” said Hux instead, but Kylo shook his head slowly. “It’s just being able to see what reeducation does to someone.” There was silence a long moment before Kylo said quietly, “I’m not a citizen, you know. Not officially. When I left the Republic, I was a child, and I didn’t leave it for the Order. I left to join my Master. We’re the protectors, us Knights, but we aren’t part of the system, not really. I didn’t come of age with it as you did, I didn’t come to you agreeing with your principles. The Stormtroopers are…I don’t understand them.” “We need them,” Hux said, not unkindly. It was just as when he told Kylo of the ancient Empires, explaining to him in simplified terms. “They can’t be disloyal, they don’t know anything else. You put someone into battle, someone who’s raised with a life, and it does irreparable damage to them. War is absolute hell, Kylo, you should know that. But if there’s a class that’s never seen anything but war, then they’re not destroyed. They can’t be, because they don’t even know that there are novelists out there, or musicians, or anything in the entire galaxy but war. They have to be kept as they are, if we aren’t to collapse from what we are asked to do. We keep officers away from the front lines, keep them from being torn apart, because they will be.” “Torn apart,” echoed Kylo, with some ugly noise that danced between being a sob and a laugh, pressing his face further into Hux’s shoulder. “I know plenty well about being torn apart.” Hesitantly, unsure if this course of action was either correct or wanted, Hux placed his hand on the back of Kylo’s neck. It was a simple gesture, but to Kylo it seemed to be akin to being anointed by some deity for the way a breath rushed out of him. No words were spoken for a long time before Hux cleared his throat and said, “The new graduates will arrive here tomorrow. I want the Force Theorist to meet with you. Will you be in any state not to murder her?” “She’ll not meet her end tomorrow, I promise.” His voice was still quiet, but it didn’t sound so wrecked. “Nor any other day, I should hope.” A twitch of Kylo’s lips approached a smile as he said, “In the foreseeable future, I shall not kill her.” Graduates tended to be reservedly enthusiastic, and that was true of this newest bunch as well. Their commissions were still halfway apprenticeships, the most minor of assignments given as they settled into an unfamiliar ship and months before they were trusted with any classified information. Hux never really bothered with them beyond picking them out, but with the Force Theorist changed things. Second Lieutenant Aisha Vanel was a wisp of a thing, short and spindly. In a way, Hux was reminded of himself when he had been that young and freshly commissioned but that he had been at least a foot taller. She was more than likely able to handle herself, creating her own specialty adjacent to a planning or command track. Cadets didn’t take well to those who were different, Hux remembered. Yet all the same he insisted on being there for when she first met Kylo. He was to keep Kylo in line; that had been passed down to him by Snoke himself, and he would do it. “General, it’s simply a meeting of the minds, respectfully I can’t help but wonder why you would feel the need to come,” she said, organizing her notes while Hux watched coolly, waiting for Kylo to arrive. “Lord Ren does not hold himself back,” he said mildly. “If something displeases him, he will destroy it so that it may not displease him again. Usually that is reserved to objects. But it isn’t always. I was sent your thesis, Lieutenant, and I was rather impressed by it. Unfortunately, Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa are rather tense subjects for him.” That seemed to sink in, and suddenly Second Lieutenant Vanel was straight backed, blank faced, and intently focused. Good, Hux thought. It would serve her well. Kylo, when he came, barely spoke, offering only one or two words to Second Lieutenant Vanel’s questions, and seemed to be sizing her up just as much as she was him. It was like watching two predators circle each other, Hux thought. Both determining the threat and risk of the other without letting them know . “All intelligence says that Leia Organa never truly received training for her Force Sensitivity. What would lack of training breed in a User?” asked Vanel, her fingers dancing over her pad, typing frantically but distractedly, refusing to take her eyes off Kylo in front of her. “Lack of control,” said Kylo shortly. “A Sensitive who never trains and then tries to use it will only hurt those around them. Even at my most careful, going into another’s mind causes headaches for them. I am nearly finished with my apprenticeship, Second Lieutenant, imagine how someone who has never been taught will feel.” Vanel blanched at that, but turned back to her notes. Vaguely, Hux began to wonder if Kylo was purposely terrifying this woman or if he was telling the truth. Still, he had his own work to attend to, ignoring this meeting beyond listening for if he was needed to intervene. “And if she were goaded into using it, would she be likely to hurt her own troops?” the question was directed at herself, as though she were still writing her thesis. It was dismissed with a mangled scoff from Kylo. “Organa has never once actively used the Force. If you can find a way to force the situation, you will be the first.” “Never once? How would you know?” But Kylo refused to say any more on the subject, no matter what questions Vanel posed. As soon as the meeting came to an end, Kylo stood and swept out, leaving the two officers behind. Hux stood calmly, accepted Vanel’s salute and returned it in kind, before striding out to a meeting with the terraforming team. Induced hibernation was already in progress, and oxygen tanks were already in use by those who were obligated to be outside the base on Starkiller, now mere breaths from completion. It made his palms itch, the thought that they were so close to completion. But if that was the itch of anticipation or anxiety was still up for debate. Kylo was waiting for him in his rooms when Hux retired for the night, fingers tapping some staccato beat of anxiousness against his helmet. An anxious thread wound through Hux in return, wondering at what that meant. Was he going to be prevailed upon to deny Kylo something again? He had seen the man’s form bare before, studied the shadows where he could have been mighty and powerful if not for the fact that he starved himself. Half the man’s strength had to come from the Force and not his own muscles, from what Hux had seen. “I have reflected with the mark of my order,” said Kylo swiftly, almost eager to get the words out. “I am to meditate and seek the map to Skywalker tonight, but I need you to ground me tonight more than ever.” He hadn’t been expecting that. “You mean more than you usually ask of me?” said Hux, clearing his throat for how he hated the way his voice seemed to waver. “Unfortunately, yes.” Despite the tapping of his fingers, Kylo seemed to be centered. It wasn’t the ease granted by meditation, but as if his whole being was condensed to that one moment. It was unnerving, and for all that Hux refused to bow before Kylo, he found himself agreeing to help, however he could. He ended up sitting on the ground, letting Kylo’s head rest in his lap, reading aloud First Order proclamations, of all things. How this helped, Hux didn’t manage to get an explanation for, but Kylo sunk into meditation, lifting everything around them three inches as always, listening. “The people of this Order, having been given this homeland by the union and agreement of sovereign planets, have little in common with those they have welcomed to their breast. The Order, born of the ashes of an Empire, carries with it the weight of the past,” he read aloud, the speech given proudly when the Order had annexed its first system after the original Accords. How was this to help his troubled Knight, exactly? “Yet with its birth came the beginning of a new history, one that is destined to bridge that weighty past with the glorious future. This destiny, manifest by this peaceful expansion we have borne witness to today. In the old ways, that which we bear with us and will honor unto the last, such a nation must be born of bloodshed, and yet today we see our destiny lies beyond the warfare of the past. What friend of peace could deny that? “Yes, we are the nation of progress, who do not fall back on the bloody old ways to prove our memories but instead carry them into a civilized union. Today we show the galaxy and those who doubt us that this nation we celebrate the growth of to be the true way forward. No destruction was needed to build our future, we shall not fall into retrograde, we will climb onward to our mission towards the galaxy; order and peace among those who cower from terrorizing war lords and those cast from their homes to wander in exile. This is our destiny, eternal as the universe itself. We shall smite unto death the unjust and corrupt and carry our sweet proof of peace and order where now there is chaos. Who can look upon us today and doubt that?” He remembered hearing this broadcast. He had been a few weeks from his first commission, chest full to brimming that his nation, the one that the New Republic had never deemed fit to even acknowledge and when they did only spat upon, had begun in partnership and now grew in peace. Could the New Republic claim that? They destroyed and caused untold death for their nation, but the Order hadn’t. Reading this speech of peace now, Hux realized those itchy palms had been fear. The Order meant to destroy the Republic. But hadn’t they once celebrated under the banner of peaceful annexation? Hadn’t the military been born as protectors for their adoptive planets? When had their pride at their new nation become enough to stoop to the Republic’s level? Yet hadn’t his parent’s generation built two different weapons to destroy? Hadn’t they been so proud of that tradition that they should make Starkiller at all? He liked to think himself immune to propaganda, having a hand in creating it and all, but all the same the thought clung like a film of dust; how much had he absorbed without questioning? Was peace truly the basis of the Order? They spoke of the partnership of the early days, the peace of their growth, but he was orbiting the largest weapon in the galaxy to date. And it had been approved by High Command who made these speeches of peace. The Edans had crushed all those who challenged them and revolutionized military strategy on Ni’k and prided themselves on everything but warfare. But that didn’t mean that their opponents were any less dead. This wasn’t going to help Kylo, he thought, turning back to the speech and continuing on purposefully. This could wait, he decided, reading on. He finished that speech and pulled up the next one he could immediately find, and another after that. Through it all, he rarely felt Kylo brushing against his being as he had before. There was tension in him, even in meditation, and Hux did not like it. This was different, somehow. This session of meditation was different from when Snoke told Kylo to meditate as often as possible, different from when he chastised Kylo for the same. It felt like carrying some priceless work of art on unsteady feet. If they succeeded the reward would be great, but if they failed, the loss unimaginable. Unsteady, Hux just read out another speech. This one the call to arms given every year to bring as many as possible into the Academy and its daughter schools. He had had to give it before, but rarely. It was felt to be perhaps too dynastic for him to entreat the nation to his father’s schools, and that suited Hux fine. He was reading out the seventh speech, his throat dry and catching on a word here or there, when everything dropped down suddenly. The noise was startling, and he jumped, heart beginning to pound. Kylo’s eyes opened, and they looked glassy and dull, as if someone had replaced them with marbles like stuffed hunting trophies. Uncertain what to say, if he should say anything at all, Hux just watched as Kylo sat up, his face dropping into his hands. “I have been a coward and a fool,” breathed Kylo. “I never sought anything close to my old life, I didn’t want to think of it.” “What are you talking about?” managed Hux, swallowing in an attempt to ease his throat. The hoarse quality didn’t seem to even faze Kylo, and neither did the words, for a long moment. “In my search for the map to Skywalker, I refused to go anywhere near what was once my life, refused to think of what I had been before I joined my master. Second Lieutenant Vanel showed the folly in that. I found it.” “Where is it?” The answer came in a whisper little more than a puff of air, and Hux would never have heard it was he not so close to Kylo and listening so hard. “Jakku.” Notes: come find me on tumblr at starkilleraflame.tumblr.com