The silence of the Finalizer was too loud. Kylo often remarked on it, the heels of his boots clacking against the metal floor echoing through the halls. Night was one of the few times he could find some miniscule amount of peace, a shred of semi-silence to calm his racing mind while the artificial white lights were turned off in the upper levels. The stars and systems viewable from the icy planet offered no amount of reliable light in the sealed hallways; it had no effect on Kylo. He had long since accepted the dark; welcomed it, even. He relied solely on the Force, extending his senses to trace against the walls and guide him onwards. Most everyone on the base was asleep; aside from a few flickers of activity, the drowsy weight of sleep was piled all around him. That, however, was not what he cared about. There was one conscious mind that burned stubbornly, fighting off exhaustion. It wouldn’t have been of concern to him, except for the fact that it was practically screaming an internal dialogue that he, unfortunately, had the ability to hear; there was no way he could rest with the relentless shrieking pounding in his head. And so there he was; stalking through the base to find the source of the deafening thoughts. His senses took him to a room he had never bothered to enter before, small dots of light blinking from the few control panels scattered around the area. The silhouette of a man stood out against the vast expanse of space revealed through the enormous viewport; General Hux. It was too dark to make out much of his features. The only discernable details were his firmly set shoulders and the strict, uniform stance of a soldier. Kylo scowled and stepped forward, clearing his throat. Hux took no notice, or at least he acted as such. Kylo suspected the latter. Irritation quickly building, he went to Hux’s side, turning to face him. Hux didn’t turn his own head. Kylo hated him. “You’re too loud.” Kylo stated matter-of-factly. That at least gained him some of the General’s attention. Hux met his eyes with a confused frown. “For your information, Ren,” Hux started, “I haven’t said a word for the past hour. The only thing here that is breaking the silence is you.” Kylo gritted his teeth; of course Hux wouldn’t have known, he lacked any ability to realize the volume of his thoughts. “You’re thinking too loudly.” Now that got Hux’s full attention. Hux turned completely, looking Kylo in the eyes with cold annoyance. “What the hell is that supposed to mean?” He asked, glaring. His thoughts were even louder, working out possible meanings to the statement and focusing in on his frustration. Kylo shook his head in exasperation. “Just- just go the fuck to sleep and stop keeping me from getting mine.” Hux stared at him firmly, confusion still evident in his thoughts but well-hidden on his face. “I will go to sleep when I am ready to. I’d suggest you leave me to my business.” Kylo snorted. “What business? You’re just standing here staring into space. It’s nothing we’ve never seen before, General.” Hux sighed with displeasure. “One can still appreciate something they’ve seen before. I suggest you do the same, at some point. Realize your privilege.” That took Kylo off guard. Hesitantly, he turned to look out at the field of stars in front of them. There was nothing new to be seen, no sign of activity or anything unusual; just stars. He let the tendrils of his own mind wander into Hux’s, searching deeper for any explanation of his fascination with something so unchanged. The abrupt power of Hux’s emotions hit Kylo like a tidal wave. He had hit something, tapped into some reserved part of the General’s mind in which the most private of feelings were kept. He was, in all honesty, surprised at the sheer amount of passion he kept hidden in the deep corners of his consciousness. It took a firm push of the force just to keep him steady on his feet as he continued to look out. There was something different in the few, then, some strange love and appreciation for the beauty that he finally recognized. Kylo glanced to the side at Hux, surprised that the man could keep such a neutral expression while at the same time feeling such things. “Get out of my mind, Ren.” Kylo nearly screamed at the sudden direct speech, stumbling backwards as he stared at Hux. Normal thoughts were much more quiet, subtle; this was spoken with careful purpose. Somehow Hux, his slim figure silhouetted against the stars, knew that Kylo was in his mind. The General had finally looked at him once more, his expression one of annoyance and slight amusement. Kylo steadied himself and glared, clenching his fists painfully. “How did you know I was in your mind?” He said through gritted teeth, his voice barely above a whisper. Hux sneered and shook his head. “You were shaking like a child and staring at me- yes, I noticed that. Seeing as you have the ability to use the force to get information, I assumed you could use it on anyone. Seems I was correct.” Kylo stepped forward, getting closer to Hux than was comfortable for either of them. “ I can cause you pain beyond anything you’ve ever felt.” To emphasize he sent a wave of it, just enough to be painful but not damaging. He smiled as Hux froze and tensed up, breath going shallow and eyes widening with something that wasn’t quite fear; no, it was more like astonishment. He hadn’t actually thought he would do it, Kylo realized with cruel satisfaction. He released him after only a few seconds, leaving him gasping raggedly. He started to walk away when Hux started laughing, hunched over and breathless. Kylo turned on him in an instant, nearly snarling as he loomed above him. Hux ran a hand through his hair and gradually stood up, standing straight and keeping direct eye contact with Kylo; it was unsettling. There was a devilish smile on the General’s face then, a keenness to his gaze that made Kylo feel as though he was completely exposed. Out of all the possible thoughts that could’ve come from Hux, the image that was suddenly scratching into his skull wasn’t what Kylo had expected at all. It was like some horrendous, clouded dream; Hux’s hands were wrapped around his neck, black gloves digging into soft pale skin and brushing against moles. Kylo felt heat growing within him, spreading through his body and low into his abdomen. Hiding the arousal on his face, he feigned contempt. “And why the hell would I let you do that, Hux?” The General grinned before stepping even closer, their faces only inches apart. “Because you’d love it.” And then their lips were crashing together, rough and needy. Kylo froze, eyes going wide as Hux kissed him roughly. It only took only a few more moments for him to respond in turn, pressing their bodies together and biting down on Hux’s lower lip until he felt blood start to slide down their chins. Hux hissed and his grip on Kylo’s shoulders hardened, almost painful. He stumbled backwards as Hux pushed them against the viewport, pinning Kylo’s hands above his head before he could react. He had no control there in that room, no amount of leverage against the general who had him pressed firmly against the transparisteel. The Force wouldn’t come to him, wouldn’t bend to his will; no amount of concentration was possible with the General pushing against him. He gritted his teeth when he involuntarily rutted against Hux’s leg, searching desperately for some amount of friction. Hux was having none of it. He drove his fist into Kylo’s stomach, and he fell to his knees, flinging a hand out to brace his fall that Hux easily kicked away. He slammed face-first onto the durasteel, shouting in pain. He felt blood flow from his nose, running over his lips and dripping onto the floor. That really shouldn’t have been pleasurable, and yet Kylo felt himself get impossibly harder, groaning on the floor. Hux scoffed, pushing firmly against Kylo’s back with his foot. “Pathetic, Ren. You could just stop me, you know. You have the strength, easily. But you won’t. Do you know why that is?” Kylo moaned as the heel of Hux’s boot drove further into his back, fingers scraping for some sort of purchase against the floor. When the pressure alleviated, he almost missed it. Hux crouched beside him, fisting his hair and pulling his head up. “You won’t stop me because you love this. You love being controlled by me, love letting me use you.” He scoffed, releasing his grip on Kylo’s hair and standing back up. “On your knees, Ren. Now.” Kylo didn’t know why he obeyed, nor why he did so eagerly, but he rose, groaning as he stared up at Hux. He bit his lips, filling his mouth with the taste of blood as Hux started to unzip his pants. He was painfully aroused as well, the tent in his boxers firm and surprisingly large. Hux pulled the fabric down roughly, exposing his hard cock. He grabbed Kylo’s black, tousled hair again and pulled harshly, forcing Kylo to meet his gaze. “The safeword is pandemonium. Do you understand, Ren?” Kylo nodded clumsily, eyes half-lidded as he looked up at Hux. “Good.” Hux dragged his cock along Kylo’s lips, smearing blood across his pale skin. Kylo moaned, earning a harsh pull on his hair that went straight to his still-clothed erection. Hux pressed firmly against Kylo’s mouth and he opened it quickly, groaning softly as Hux slid in. He tried not to gag as Hux pushed further, stretching his mouth open. Kylo’s nose met soft curls of ginger pubic hair as he tried to breathe with Hux’s dick practically down his throat. There was a moment of hesitation, a slight pause before Hux pulled back and roughly shoved back into him, setting an unforgiving pace as he fucked Kylo’s mouth. Kylo moaned softly with each thrust, tears streaming down his face. He reached down and palmed his dick, rubbing it through his pants as he took Hux’s cock. Hux pulled out sharply and slapped his face, breath ragged. “Did I fucking say you could touch yourself?!” He kicked Kylo back to the floor, landing another blow straight to his gut. “I didn’t think so. Stand up.” He stepped back, waiting for Kylo to pull himself off of the ground. It was a struggle; the aching pain was enough to keep him slow, but certainly not enough to make him soft. “Put your back up against the viewport.” Kylo obeyed, shakily placing his hands against the transparisteel and facing Hux. Hux slapped his face again and he grunted sharply, legs trembling. “Choke yourself.” Hux stepped closer, resting a hand over his cock. Kylo whimpered softly and raised a hand to his throat, squeezing hard as Hux pressed firmly. He didn’t allow himself any air, clutching his neck with a vice-like grip as Hux smirked. “Let go. I want to choke you myself.” He released himself, drawing in sharp, painful breaths as Hux removed the hand on Kylo’s pants and raised it to his neck along with the hand that had been grasping his hair. He stared at Kylo for a few moments before lunging at him, almost crushing his throat with the sheer force of it. Kylo let out a strangled whine, his own hands rising to grab onto Hux’s wrists. Kylo grinded against Hux’s leg, gasping in vain as black spots started to dot across his vision. He felt himself starting to slip away, his grip on Hux’s wrists loosening. Hux looked confused before frantically releasing him, barely pinning him to the wall in time to stop him from falling. Kylo inhaled deeply, coughing and hanging on to Hux’s shoulders. Hux had his hands on Kylo’s waist uncharacteristically gently, holding him up while he struggled to breathe. “Do you need to stop, Ren?” There was concern in Hux’s voice, soft and unusual. Kylo shook his head, pulling Hux’s hips close and grinding against him, soft skin against rough cloth. Hux threw his head back and groaned, gripping Kylo’s ass. He was so beautiful like that, Kylo remarked. Lips swollen, his hair a mess; he looked wrecked, and it was fucking incredible. Kylo stopped moving to reach down and pull his pants off, moaning deeply when his cock was finally released. Hux licked his lips before looking Kylo in the eyes firmly. “I don’t have any lubricant.” Kylo shook his head. “We don’t need any. Just go.” Hux continued to look at him hesitantly before nodding. “Okay then. Turn around.” Kylo obeyed, resting his forehead against the transparisteel as he panted heavily. He heard Hux drop to his knees behind him, and he had no time to question before Hux’s tongue was on his ass, circling his hole gently as he gripped Kylo’s thighs. Kylo moaned, pressing into Hux’s touch. He prodded at Kylo’s entrance before pushing in, fucking Kylo’s ass with his tongue. He had never felt anything that good , hand going frantically to his cock as Hux went down on him. He nearly shouted when Hux replaced his tongue with a finger, curling it gently before pushing in two more. Kylo shook, whimpering and tearing his hand away from his cock to press it against the transparisteel for support. Kylo couldn’t hold back the shout when Hux found his prostate, arousal flaring through his body. Hux withdrew his fingers and he cried out. “Fuck, please Hux, just fuck me- oh fuck, PLEASE .” Hux pressed the head of his cock against Kylo’s hole and he moaned, pushing back into it. Hux slowly started to guide himself in, filling Kylo up and ripping a ragged groan from his mouth. He continued inward and Kylo panted shallowly, his breaths coming out as high-pitched whines. It seemed like an eternity before Hux was completely in. Both men were breathing heavily, hearts pounding as they tried to adjust. Kylo grunted and pressed back, and that was all it took to set Hux off. Hux drew out and then slammed into him harshly, not bothering to start out slow. Each thrust had Kylo screaming, had him shaking and groaning as Hux pounded into him violently. He wanted it faster , harder , wanted nothing more than to have this forever, Hux thrusting into him in an increasingly erratic rhythm and making him moan until his throat was hoarse. Hux’s cock found his prostate and he moaned, pushing back into each thrust and reaching an arm back to dig his nails into Hux’s hip. Hux’s grunts were becoming desperate, steadily becoming moans as he pushed into Kylo without restraint. “F-fuck, Hux, I’m gonna cum- shit, Hux .” Hux reached a hand to Kylo’s cock and pumped in time with his thrusts, sinking his teeth into Kylo’s shoulder before tracing his tongue up his pale neck, stopping with his mouth beside Kylo’s ear. “Cum for me, Ren. Let me hear you when you cum for me.” Hux’s grip on his cock tightened, teeth going back his shoulder and Kylo could feel his orgasm building within him, his pitch rising as he panted desperately. Kylo screamed Hux’s name as his climax tore through him, hot strands of cum spurting from his dick as Hux pumped him through it, spilling his load into Kylo’s ass while Kylo sobbed, twitching as the rest of his cum leaked from his aching cock. They both stayed like that for a while, panting against each other as they came down from their highs. Hux pulled out slowly and Kylo winced, feeling cum trickling down his legs. Hux nipped his earlobe gently, holding him close as their breath slowed. They had a lot to talk about.