Dear Hux, I'm afraid. Just when I think it will all get easier, I close my eyes and I see you in my arms. It's as if a hole has been torn open in the center of my chest. After a while it starts to close up and then I catch the scent of you when I hold your jacket or I see Millicent curling up on your pillow and I lose it. The hole tears open again. I can't do anything. I can't live my life without you. It's gotten so bad now that even Phasma is worried. And, as you may remember, when she gets worried she tries to force her solutions on people. I know she wants to make things better for me but it still hurts more than anything to talk about you. But it seems like she's come up with something that may help. She said I should write you a letter about how I'm feeling to get it all out. I think it's a stupid idea and I think you would think it's a stupid idea, but I have decided to try anyway because I need something to do besides sit alone in our room and do nothing. I gave Millicent a bath the other night. She wasn't very happy about it. Let's just say that it'll leave a few scars. She refuses to leave your side of the bed anymore. This is stupid I don't even know what to write. I miss you so much. Chapter 2 Dear Hux, I guess I'll try this again. I've spent the last month alone in our room. I feel so empty. I know you're gone and that you'll never get to see these letters, but I think it makes me feel better to just write what I'm feeling. I've noticed lately that your jacket is starting to smell less like you. I only grab it when I really need it now...which is still almost all of the time if I'm being honest. I'm so afraid to touch anything of yours anymore. It seems like the more time goes on the less your things carry your scent. Everything smells like me now. Every once in a while I catch a small bit of your scent and I can't help but cry. I didn't know how much of my life depended on your presence until you were gone. I love you. Chapter 3 Dear Hux, I lost you. You're never coming back to me and there's nothing I can do about it. I write you these stupid letters to try to let my feelings out and it helps, but it can't change the fact that I've lost you forever. I remember the first time I thought I had lost you. It was two weeks after I first told you I loved you. Snoke had sent you on a top-secret mission and the only backup you had was a small four man squad of rookies. I didn't find out you had left until that night when you didn't show up in my room. I was so angry at Snoke for not telling me. I destroyed three rooms that night. The next day I waited in the Control Room all day for your scheduled check-in. It never came. I was so worried about you that I couldn't eat or sleep. Three more days had passed and you still hadn't checked in. Snoke still wouldn't tell me where he had sent you. I couldn't do anything but sit awake in that damn room and hope you'd make contact. On the fifth day I heard news that you had returned and I was so happy. I rushed to the dock and searched for your ship. I remember that exact moment when I saw you I knew I couldn't live my life without you. I knew you were my only reason for living. I knew I had to keep you safe at all costs. I failed. I lost you. Notes: I hope you like it and thanks for reading! ♥ I'll most likely upload more chapters to this soon.