Rey's eyes opened abruptly to the sound of her alarm. Mornings were the bane of her existence. This particular day's offense was made marginally better, though by the addition of the intimidating notes of the Imperial March blasting through her eardrums in her initial conscious moments. She hummed the rest of the Empire's theme to herself as she brushed her teeth, washed her face, and meandered over to her modest closet, in search of something suitable to wear. Her room was not large, but it suited her needs. The walls were a monotonous beige, something she had been meaning to change for months. A small desk in the corner was covered with miscellaneous junk and was rarely used for its intended purpose. The queen sized bed was old and lumpy, badly in need of a replacement. That was where the normalcy ended. The rest of the room boasted a frankly alarming amount of Star Wars merchandise that made it difficult to move freely through the room. She had a Death Star pillow on her bed, a Luke Skywalker action figure, and, of course, her baby. One of the original rebel helmets from A New Hope. Everything that could conceivably be Star Wars themed was Star Wars themed. But she didn't have time to give her fandom love. She was on a schedule, and determined to not adhere to her normal of being twenty minutes behind the clock. This was to be her first day at a new job, provided she didn't mess anything up, which was highly probable, given her track record. Rey wanted her new job to be a chance to be a flawless person in her employer's eyes. Her new boss had said to dress casual, but what the heck did that mean? "Casual" had a very broad definition, as she quickly discovered while trying to make her impossible decision. After several minutes of sifting through t-shirts and blouses, mostly in earth tones, she settled on what she would feel most comfortable wearing. The dark grey-brown would likely fit in with the café's rustic theme. She had loved the place from the moment she noticed it. Tucked away on a fairly commonplace street, there was not much to set the Millennium apart from the other stores that had invaded their sleepy little town a few short years ago. Inside, though, it had a quirky and warm charm that greatly appealed to Rey. She nodded once again at her wardrobe choice. How could you go wrong with Star Wars? She stared at the faded iconic logo on the front of her top and decided that it was perfect. •••♦••• The entrance to the café was unlocked, but inside it was completely devoid of life. Rey let the door close behind her with an audible snap that echoed through the cozy space. Taking off her coat, she tried to prolong her time until she would inevitably have to be the one to make her appearance known. That time, she spent taking in her vaguely familiar surroundings. Cherry wood tables and chairs were scattered around in such a way as to not achieve geometrical perfection, but not quite be chaotic. The walls were an inviting dark maroon that seemed to give the whole place a glow. Dark tiled floors helped open up the space but not deter from the cozy atmosphere. Big windows set into the walls gave a gorgeous view of the quiet street. From the door, she could see the trees planted every dozen feet or so, strung with yellow-white lights, giving the town a magical glow. When her observations came to an end, she braced herself and shouted, the sound echoing through the small space. "Hello?" "Just Gimme a sec and I'll be right there." The female voice came from a room behind the wall of coffee machines set up opposite the counter. A literal wall. Rey had no clue what any of the foreign devices did, but they were all sleek and modern, somehow fusing perfectly with the rustic feel of the café. "You must be Rey. I'm the owner, we spoke on the phone." "Right, Ms. Organa was it?" Rey inquired, smiling at the older woman. She held herself regally with long, grey hair that was braided up over her head like a headband. Kind but strict eyes stared straight into Rey's with an unwavering confidence that was envied by many. She seemed familiar, though Rey could not seem to place her. Immediately, though, Rey respected the woman. "That's me." The older woman surveyed Rey with a critical eye. After a moment, she began to speak again, rapidly and without pause. "Well, let's not waste any time. We've had a name tag made up for you, it's on the counter along with your apron." Rey hardly had time to glance over in the direction her employer was indicating before she was pointing to different objects and areas in the shop, issuing further commands. "You'll mainly be working cash, but also maybe some prep, if you're up for it. If you have any questions, talk to my son. He should be down here soon. I'll just be in the back. I have a shipment coming in, and it was scheduled to arrive five minutes ago,"she muttered with frustration, glancing at her watch. She hardly spared Rey a second look. "You'll be okay?" Her stumbled nod was not seen by her superior, who had already left, back the way she had come. Standing alone in the café's main area again, Rey turned awkwardly around before making her way over to the apron, which she could now clearly see on an empty section of counter behind the cash register. She opened the waist-high door and stepped behind it into the workspace of the coffee shop. Everything was neatly organized by someone who clearly valued efficiency above all else. Rey didn't have to guess who that was. She had just begun to tie her apron around her waist when she was startled by a voice from behind her. "You must be the new girl." She jumped and swiveled around to face the newcomer. A twenty something guy stood behind her, emerging from a doorway Rey hadn't noticed earlier. It looked like it led up to a second level, but she didn't take time to investigate. The figure between her and the door was clearly waiting for a response, head cocked to the side, causing long locks of dark hair to shift over his left shoulder, merging with the black t-shirt he wore. Rey relaxed from her shocked position and took a breath before responding, trying not to stammer but not quite trusting herself. She was not good around attractive people. He definitely qualified. "That's me." "Rey, was it?" Did this guy only talk in questions? "Last time I checked," she nodded. "Well, Rey, let me be the first to welcome you to the Millennium Café." He smiled warmly at her, like he was genuinely pleased to have her there. "Thank you. Was that your mother?" Rey questioned, gesturing to the doorway through which Ms. Organa had left. Her shock must have been evident, because the dark haired stranger replied with reassurance. "Yeah, that's Mom. She can be intense. One of our regulars nicknamed her The General." "Wow, that bad?"This regular must have been quite close to the apparently titled 'general' to get away with such a thing. He shrugged "It's just the way she is, y'know? If she were any different, she wouldn't be Mom." He smiled fondly, as if reliving memories in his mind. "Sounds like you two have a good relationship." She tried desperately to keep the longing out of her voice. Rey had been abandoned at an orphanage when she was only a few months old. The parental connection she had never had but always longed for seemed to have left a hole in her heart. She got along fine, though, especially after finding her best friend Finn, who was a mother in his own right. "We do. Just like any other mother-son duo. I'm Ben, by the way. Nice to meet you." He was not like his mother, from what she had seen of the two, but the relation was obvious, nonetheless. They shared common mannerisms and spoke with a similar cadence. "You, too," she replied. "Alright. now that we've been introduced, how 'bout we get things set up for you, teach you how to use this dinosaur?" Ben gestured to the ancient-looking cash register beside them. It looked like an antique, greatly contrasting with the sleek machines surrounding it, but once again, not in a bad way. The decor was fascinating, all old and new working and living together in harmony. "Sounds like a plan." Rey pinned her new name tag to her apron and followed her co-worker to receive her very first training session at her new job. She had been welcomed in and treated warmly, something she did not often get. There was Finn, of course, and whatever fling he boasted at the time. It was nice to have it come from someone else, though. Grinning at the turned back of her colleague, she thought that maybe this experience would more pleasurable than she initially thought. •••♦••• Rey had just been told that she should take her lunch break when her phone buzzed. Finn: So... How's the new job going? Rey: How on earth do you know my schedule? Finn: I have my sources. Now, spill. I've been worried all day. Rey: Give me a minute, Mom. I need to grab my lunch and sit down. She was rooting through her bag for her lunch sack when another text came. Sighing, she typed in her password to read the text from her impatient friend. Finn: What's taking you so long? Rey: Dude! I'm not a superhero, give me a minute. Rey purposefully took her time getting the sack and making her way between the tables, most of them empty, and sitting down at one of the unoccupied spots in the corner of the restaurant to eat her lunch. Rey: Now I'm ready. Geez, for someone so motherly, you sure aren't very patient. Finn: I must have skipped that class. Finn : Not that I don't like talking to you and all, but I'm genuinely getting curious about the job. I've been stuck inside all day and that can no longer satisfy my need for action. Rey: Maybe you need to find a different line of work. The garbage fumes must be going to your head. Finn: Maybe I do, stupid, but I'm stuck until I finish my education, so you'll have to deal with a crazy best friend. Rey: I already do, dummy. Finn: I swear, if I don't get precise details in the next two minutes, I am going to assume you have been kidnapped and your captor is forcing you to try to throw me off their tracks. With a sigh, she got out a pen and grabbed a napkin, quickly scrawling the words I have not been kidnapped on it. She held up her makeshift sign and snapped a picture to send to her best friend. Rey: Happy? Finn: Not really. I have no info. Rey: I made it here fine, got ordered around by the owner (that's just how she is, I've been told) and met my co-worker. I learned how to use the cash register and then used that skill to sell people coffee and pastries. Enough? Finn: There's no romance. Rey: Too bad. Finn: Every good story needs romance! Rey: This story doesn't. Finn: You should try going on a date. Really, there's this guy on one of my rotations. He's super cute. More your type, though. The girl sighed, knowing she would loose this battle, were it to continue. She opted for and hasty retreat. Rey: I have to go. My lunch break is over. Finn: This conversation is not. Rey: Yes it is, Nosey. Bye. Finn: Fine. Love you. Rey: Love you, too, Dork. She pocketed her phone and spent the last few minutes of her break eating silently, lost in thought. She really didn't feel that anything was missing from her life. She had both a mother and a best friend in Finn, she had a job, now. Not to mention Star Wars, which was always there to comfort her. A constant in her life. When she was young, at the orphanage where she was raised, there were many opportunities for fun, but few for happiness. Living the lives of those in the movies she discovered made her feel like maybe she was more special than she looked. If a farm boy from the middle of nowhere could become a Jedi, why couldn't she? She raised herself on Yoda's teachings and did everything she could to make her dream reality. Sadly, nothing ever worked. She never did outgrow those movies, though. She was happy. Her life was familiar and she did not expect anything to change in the near future. Chapter 2 Summary: Finn meets Poe. Ben is embarassed and confused. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Ben, can I get a double espresso and a small iced mocha?" Rey asked her co-worker without turning her head from the cups she was labeling for him. She had been working at the Millennium for a little over a week by then and was picking things up remarkably quickly. She had almost immediately been accepted by the café's community and was happily enjoying the feeling of belonging that she felt there. "On it," Ben replied from behind her, grabbing the empty labled cups with one hand, dropping off another order with the other. Squinting to read her own messy scrawl, Rey strode towards the pickup area and announced the order to the bustling café with a controlled yell. "Black coffee sugar, no cream and a kid's hot chocolate for Poe?" Her eyes searched the crowded room for the person reacting to her words. Within seconds, she spotted the dark haired man rise from his seat and make his way over to her. She recognized him as one of the regulars. She even had her suspicions that he was the one to give The General her nickname. "Thanks so much," he smiled at her and took the drink from her hand. Rey beamed and replied appropriately. "You're very welcome." It was surprising how often people just grabbed their drinks and left. She had learned quickly to aknowledge every grateful person she served. She always returned the kindness, knowing that it was equally appreciated. Over the course of her short time working there, she had become familiar with the café's regulars. There was Poe, of course, who came in every day. Although something had happened recently that had caused him to be absent for all but the past couple days of her work. He was probably the one she knew the least about. In one corner was a tiny man who Rey was certain had to be at least nine hundred. He was hunched and wrinkly, walked with a gnarled cane and spoke with a strange accent. He always seemed to get the order of his words mixed up and was forever sprouting sage advice to whomever would listen. At a window table, two young men were sitting. One, with a rust coloured beard, long hair and eyes that glittered with excitement seemed to be tutoring the other. He seemed a little younger, with subtley spiked hair with a ponytail in the back and a thin, long braid trailing down from behind his right ear. The two seemed to be covering some pretty interesting material, as they were both very absorbed in their studies. By the back wall, there was a man sitting alone, his face partially obscured with a bristly dark mustache that seemed to always evade getting a whipped cream coating. The man projected a suave confidence that could easily challenge the General's authority, though it would never win. He silently watched the people coming and going, as if he were trying to scope out a particular person. Right by the counter there was a young woman whose hair style seemed to change every day. On that particular day, it was back in a bun that seemed to be comprised of tiny overlapping squiggles of hair. It was fascinating to behold. Rey suspected she was some sort of government worker, given her constant professional appearance and stack of documents that obscured her table. The attention Rey gave her, however was nothing compared to that which the student with the peculiar braid gave her. Rey was certain he was crushing big time on the oblivious girl. Rey heard the tinkling of the bell over the door and stopped people watching and rushed back to her post to tend to the new customer. Instead of yet another stranger, though, the found herself looking at her irritating roommate of a best friend. Finn, however, was not looking at her. His gaze was transfixed by the man, Poe, who was now making his way back to a window table at the front of the coffee shop, where he joined a young boy with incredibly pale skin wearing a t-shirt with some strange circular orange pattern on it. The two did not look alike and Rey felt a wave of curiosity rush over her as she inspected the odd pair. The boy seemed a constant companion of the man. She gazed at them for a moment as the boy took a big gulp of his drink only to set in down quickly and wave his hands in front of his tongue as if he had burned it. Poe gave a hearty laugh that was soon joined by the boy's squeaky giggles. Her eyes made their way back to Finn, still staring, shell shocked at Poe, who was oblivious to the attention he was receiving. With a few moments of intense glaring, she was able to pull Finn's attention away from the occupants of the small table. He made his way towards her, reluctantly keeping his eyes off Poe the entire time. "Can I help you, sir?" Rey grinned at him. "I dunno, what's good?" Finn played along. "I would recommend today's special, Don't Harass The Customers. It's sublime." "Ha ha. I was hardly harassing him. Am I not allowed to look?" "If that's what you call looking, I'm a little afraid of your definition of action, and I've seen your definition of action. Besides, I don't think they love me enough yet to let my friends drive people out of the place with their staring and still keep me." "Really? I thought you would have had them wrapped around your little finger by now. I was not that bad, thank you very much." "Yes you were. Give me a week and then we'll see how much they love me." "But really, what sould I get? This is a monumental moment, if the coffee isn't good, you do know I can't give you my blessing, right?" "Sure. Somehow I have the feeling that even if it tasted like dirty sewage, you would come here daily to see your new crush." "So what if you're right? I still wouldn't approve." Rey rolled her eyes at her stricken friend and grabbed a paper cup from beside her and started scribbling on it with a Sharpie. "What are you doing?" "Surprising you. Don't worry, this is one of the most popular orders. People drink these. Lots of these. I don't get it, but whatever floats their boats." "No need to be so snooty, Tea Girl. To those of us with taste, coffee is the beverage of the gods." "Quit waxing poetics, Shakespeare, or the lid of the cinnamon shaker might just come off over top of the drink of a certain roomate." Unbekownst to Rey, her co-worker chose that moment to come up behind her to see what the ruckus was about. "You wouldn't..." "I really would, you know." "You're evil." "But you still love me." "For some reason." "Everything okay here?" Ben asked from close behind Rey, making her jump in shock because of him for the second time in as many weeks. At the rate he was going, she'd be in the hospital by the end of the month, suffering a possibly fatal heart attack. Finn's eyes widened yet again after Rey stepped aside, giving him a decent look at Ben. "Oh yeah, everything's peachy." Rey muttered, giving her friend the stink eye."This is my friend, Finn. Finn, this is Ben." "Nice to meet you." Ben shook Finn's hand, looking slightly uncomfortable. "You too. Nice to see someone other than me putting up with her." "Hey!" Rey interjected. "She's a pain in the butt," Finn muttered consperiatorially to Ben. "Can't I be nice at times?" "No." "Rude. How about I'll pay for your coffee, since you're officially tasting it and all that, okay? "Fine, so maybe you can be nice at times. But you're still a pain." "Don't you know it." Rey poked Finn on the nose, making him comically scrunch up his face like a small animal. She snickered. Looking extremely uncomfortable, Ben took the cup from Rey's hand. "The espresso and mocha are ready. I'll get started on this," he waved the cup in the air before walking away. "Finn, you are a cruel and unusual excuse for a friend. I really don't need to look like an idiot in front of my co-worker," Rey growled quietly to Finn after Ben was out of earshot. "Oh, please, I was just teasing. Speaking of, here you are giving me a hard time for looking at a guy when you have one blushing and making drinks for your friends." "He is not blushing! And I don't know how to make the drinks yet. He does." With a quick announcement from Rey, the tutor and student were alerted to the readiness of their order. They picked it up silently with a polite but curt nod, then they left. "He is too blushing. Look at his ears!" Rey surreptitiously glance behind her to see that the tips of Ben's ears were, in fact, bright red. "He's working with steamed milk. It's warm," she reasoned. "Keep telling yourself that. I know the truth. He's definitely crushing on you. Didn't you see how uncomfortable he looked while I was teasing you?" "Your point being?" "That was a pretty couple-y thing to do." "Ha! You and I? A couple?" Rey doubled over, laughing, making Ben glance their way. "I know." Finn snickered along with her. Ben interrupted the two of them in their giggles a moment later, a resigned and slightly embarassing look on his face. "Here's the drink," he muttered, without emotion. "Thanks, Ben." Rey sweetly replied, hiding the frustration she felt from her friend's teasing. "I'd better go. See You at home later?" Finn interjected with meaning, earning a scowl from Rey and another blush from Ben. "Sure." "Have a nice day, you two!" With that, Finn traipsed out of the restaurant, giving one final glance at Poe, who was sitting, obliviously enjoying his coffee. He paused at the door to blow Rey a kiss, which she did not accept. Surprisingly, he managed to contain his mirth until the door shut behind him, leaving the two employees in the middle of a very awkward silence. "He seemed... nice." Ben started awkwardly. "He's an idiot." Rey grumbled. "Then why do you put up with him?" "Because he's all I have. Plus he's not always bad. Actually, he can be sweet. When he wants to." Rey smiled, thinking of the sweet things Finn had done for her in the past, from driving across town to find the only open place that would make chicken noodle soup when she was sick to staying on the phone with her for half an hour while she walked home through a rough neighborhood after a particularly late class. He may have been an idiot, but she wouldn't trade him for the world. "Oh... That's nice." Ben shuffled his feet. "He's my best friend." "I don't think I've ever been that close to anyone." Barely concealed sadness threatened to fill his words. Rey paused. She had a feeling he wouldn't appreciate her digging through his thoughts, so she pressed on as if nothing had happened. "It has its downsides. Like all the teasing. Plus, I have to put up with his crushes." She said the words, trying her hardest not to stress the last bit, but she couldn't help the meaningful look she sent Ben's way. He didn't see it, though. He had hung his head and was gazing determinedly at the ground. It snapped up immediately at her words. "His what?" "Like when he came in here, he spent a solid minute staring at that guy in the corner without blinking. He has a problem." Rey rolled her eyes, looking over at Poe, who was deep in conversation with the little boy in orange. "Finn is gay?" "Extremely." She widened her eyes to get her point across. "Oh..." At that point, another customer walked in, a bald man with dark skin who just radiated attitude. Rey wouldn't be suprised in the slightest if he statted shouting profanity at the various residents of the café. The sudden entrance pulled their attention away from each other, but left both pondering. Rey was left guessing as to why Ben seemed so awkward before finding out that her and Finn's relationship was platonic. Ben was left breathing a sigh of relief, wondering what would happen next. Notes: So, yeah there are some cameos. In order of appearance, they are Yoda, Obi Wan and Anakin, Lando, Padmé, then at the end, Mace Windu. I'm shocked that people are reading this. It touches my little nerd heart. Chapter 3 Summary: Rey looses all respect in Ben. Finn has heart eyes for Poe. BB - 8 is adorable and now human. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey barged into her place of work, a veritable ball of excitement. Having already annoyed Finn to the point of near hysteria, she was ready for someone more receptive to her bliss. With tunnel vision, she targeted the sole occupant of the unopened café, Ben, who was in the middle of sweeping the floors. In that moment, she was glad they had become close enough over her short time at the Millennium for him to put up with her teasing and insanity without her fearing for the state of her job. At this point, she desperately needed someone to rant to. "Did you hear?" Rey bounced excitedly beside him. "Hear what?" He looked up from the floor and balanced his weight against the now static broom. "It's exactly two months until the new Star Wars!" Rey squealed in delight. Ben rolled his eyes. "Great. You're one of those people." "What do you mean those people?" Rey's jaw hit the floor. "Star Wars is the best! Nothing can compare! I can't believe you would even say something like that!" "You just proved my point." "Oh, shush. Two months. I don't think I can make it. That's sixty one days." She was positively shaking at the thought of seeing it. It didn't seem real. She felt so alive. "Please tell me you're not counting." It was Ben's turn to look shocked, but with significantly more exasperation than there was in Rey's emotion. "One thousand and sixty-four hours," she grinned mischievously, rattling the figure off from memory. "No..." Ben's eyes widened in horror, positively shocked at her obsessive state. "Eighty-seven thousand eight hundred and forty minutes." Rey raised her eyebrows with nonchalance. "Please..." Ben cowered away from her. "Approximately five million two hundred and seventy thousand four hundred seconds." The answer was blasé despite her explosive elation hidden in her mind. "What is wrong with you?" Ben's awe was evident. whether it was good or bad, however, was another question. Rey was willing to bet on the latter, but she was too happy to care at the moment. Ben's opinions of her could wait. The new episode was approaching! "Nothing. What's wrong with you?" Rey turned the inquiry on him. "Beg pardon?" Ben cocked his head to the side. He seemed to do that quite often. "What do you have against Star Wars?" "Everyone won't stop talking about it. I mean, really. What's the big deal?" Ben threw his hands in the air. "What's the big... I can't believe it! Have you ever seen them?" Good thing he's cute , Rey thought. "No." "What?" The man had crossed a line. Without knowing he had, but nonetheless, it was crossed. "I never got around to it. It's not a crime." He shrugged. "That depends on your definition of crime," Rey muttered. She pondered the predicament for a moment. In her eyes, not having seen Star Wars was, inarguably a criminal offense. She needed to rectify the situation immediately. "You have to watch them," she stated, an air of finality in her voice. Ben opened his mouth to reply, possibly refuse, but Rey cut him off. "There's no use in arguing, I'm not taking no for an answer. You are coming to my place this Friday and we are having a marathon, whether you like it or not. You hear?" She glared him down, wagging a finger at him like a scolding teacher. "Fine. I guess I'll see what all the fuss is about," he switched back to indifference, returning to his sweeping. "I can't believe it," Rey muttered and turned away from her uncultured peer to drop her bag off at the base of the coat rack by the door. She refused to let anyone who was indefinitely in her presence go without seeing any of the movies. When she first moved in with Finn, he confessed to having never seen the prequels. They ended up having to pay for another day for their moving truck because Rey had refused to let Finn unpack anything until he'd watched them, with Rey's commentary, of course. They were a crucial aspect in any relationship she had, something that Finn could attest to. He often made jokes about Rey's knowledge being so extreme that she should teach a course in Star Wars history and timeline at his university. Bringing her thoughts back to the problem at hand, she began to plan all the crucial aspects of a quality marathon for someone's first time seeing Star Wars. She made a checklist in her head. Movies, duh. Comfortable couch, which was more of a problem. Finn and she did own a couch, but it was harder than a rock. They'd have to use the smaller but infinitely more comfortable loveseat. Good snacks, a plight easily remedied. Beverages, they need look no farther than where their workplace. Satisfied with her mental list for the moment, she began wiping down the counters, setting out cups, and otherwise preparing the restaurant for the day's customers. The monotonous constance of the task was something that most would find mind-numbing. Rey, however, loved it. It gave her a chance to get lost in her brain, ponder things and imagine other lives. This was a favourite pass time of hers, one she rarely got to indulge, due to her rather busy schedule. She only glanced up when a light chime filled the air, the ringtone from a phone. It was silenced quickly, though, with a few commands from Ben into his device. "You're not going to answer that?" "Not someone I particularly want to talk to," he muttered darkly with much more anger than she had ever seen him possess before. "If you say so." Rey didn't want to push it. There was obviously something big going on between Ben and the caller. She tried her best to push away thoughts of pretty ex-girlfriends, without success. Shaking her head of that train of thought, she got back to the much more important task of mentally planning her marathon. •••♦••• Rey's thoughts had been consumed by her favourite movies for the whole day. She had managed to not have any disastrous accidents or botch any orders, but that was not saying much. Chewbacca himself could have ordered from her and she wouldn't have given him a second glance. That was why she was so surprised when Finn came up to her, coat off, nearly empty coffee in hand and a desperate look in his eyes. "When did you get here?" "Ages ago. You took my order." "Really? How did I miss that?" She paused to think about it. "I guess I've been distracted all day." "Would that have anything to do with a certain fellow employee?" Finn questioned, eyebrows raised. "A little, but not in the way you think. Did you know he's never seen Star Wars?" Incredulity filled her voice. Mocking, Finn snapped his fingers dismissively. "Aw shucks! I really thought he had a chance, too." "You're hilarious. I'm forcing him to come over on Friday to watch them all." "You have a date! My little baby is growing up!" Finn squealed, a sound more girlish than any that Rey had ever made. A sure sign of his excitement. "It's not a date. I'm educating him. How the heck did he make it this far in life without seeing them, anyways?" "Not everyone's the massive fangirl that you are." "Obviously." "Sorry to steal your thunder, but I have urgent business to attend to." "What would that be?" "The kind that involves you helping me woo a cute guy?" "I'm not even going to respond to the woo. That was physically painful," she pinched her forehead. "Please just tell me you didn't come here to stalk him again." "Well, I could, but I was taught to not lie." "Just get to the point." Rey rolled her eyes. "We started talking and he's nice. Really nice. He's taking care of his adopted nephew for a while. His mom is away on a business trip and he's babysitting. He went on for ages about how much he loves the little guy. He even started telling stories. Help." Finn loved finding others that shared his maternal instincts. And if it was in a potential date... that was just an added bonus. "How in depth did this conversation go?" "Pretty far. We were talking for an hour and a half, but he had to go to let BB, the kid have his nap." "You've been here for an hour and a half?" How out of it was she? "Closer to two hours, actually." The answer must have been very. "Will you help?" "Fine. What do you want to do?" "I have an idea, actually." "Why am I not surprised?" He began to explain his plan to her. It was terrible. All his ideas for getting the guy were. He really had no clue how to romance people in real life, regardless of somehow managing to pull it off for others. He was a terrible romantic, but a romantic nonetheless. He always seemed to need to turn to Rey for advice when it came to getting a date. She began planning that as well as her evening of movie bliss, mentally screaming at her incompetent friend. Seeing how he had talked about Poe had made her think that maybe he could be something to Finn. That in itself was enough to make her willing to help Finn 'woo' his new crush. He always told her that she was enough and he seemed genuinely happy. But at the end of the day, Rey knew that Finn desperately craved company. He thrived around people, and having so few in his life was difficult for him. Rey determined that she would do everything in her power to help Finn be happier than he had ever been. He would get the guy, no matter what. Notes: Another chapter done! Huzzah. I'm setting a strict schedule for myself of updating on Tuesdays and Thursdays, which will hopefully give me enough time to finish editing the chapters as they come. All feedback is much appreciated, even if it just means you're reading this. Chapter 4 Summary: Rey panics. Finn is less of an idiot than he might otherwise be. Ben enlists some much needed help. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was done. Nothing could be changed. In less than two day's time Rey would be introducing Ben to the magic of the movies that changed film forever. She would get to see firsthand his reactions without any prior knowledge. To her, it was nothing less than a gift. But it was also a horrifically nerve wracking nightmare. Part of her kept questioning what on earth could have possibly been going through her head when she had invited him over. What could have possibly made her do such a thing? She ordered around her boss' son and had forcibly made him agree to spend over twelve hours in an enclosed space with her. What had she been thinking? The short answer: she hadn't been. At all. Thoughts of whether she had been too demanding or how he had interpreted her actions only came after the fact, but they plagued her for days. It was one of her biggest problems. No use dwelling, though. What was done was done. Who was she to deny Ben his first viewing of Star Wars? Then again, who was she to force it upon him? Back and forth, her thoughts swung for days, unstoppable and vague. No matter how hard she tried, she could not reach a satisfying conclusion. At times, she felt wonderful, one hundred and ten per cent ready for whatever that day may hold. Other moments made her want to invent time travel for the sole purpose of shutting her big fat mouth. Scanning the newly tidied apartment, she gave herself a stamp of approval. The coffee table had been cleared of its usual clutter, the love seat had replaced the couch in the prime movie viewing spot, and everything had been tidied within an inch of its life. She now had a base. Once snacks and drinks were laid out, it would be complete. She even displayed the disk cases on the T.V. stand. Her living room looked ready. She tried to convince herself that she was, too. ...she was kidding herself. •••♦••• A few hours later, Finn was gearing himself up for something entirely different. He was being much more forward than Rey and Ben. Finn had decided to flat out tell Poe how smitten he was. Over the past week, he had come in and talked to Poe every day without fail. Long, rambling discussions about everything from their families to music, books, and movies they liked to what the best fast food restaurant was. Smitten was now definitely a valid term to describe his emotions towards the café regular. Not seeing any future changes to this emotion, he had decided that it was time to act. Daringly, he slipped an envelope into the bag Poe routinely carried around to house BB's belongings. Poe's infinite love and patience for BB had made Finn fall even further for Poe, if he was honest. His love was simple and endearing. It made him that much more of a good guy in Finn's eyes. Even if he was looking at Poe through rose-tinted vision, he doubted he had changed anything there. Half their conversations were on the subject of Poe's nephew. Finn had learned all about BB's favourite movies, his prefered playground equipment, what friends he had, his adoration for animals, even his favourite foods and colours. Finn had grown to love BB almost as much as Poe did. The child was adorable. He caught on quickly to many of the things the two adults talked about and even sometimes saw through Finn's shield. Undoubtedly, he knew exactly how Finn felt about Poe, but he never said a word. Finn would have loved him for that alone. As he thought, Poe and BB were up at the counter, ordering their drinks from Rey, whom BB seemed to simply adore. Rey loved to make BB smile, even if she had been a little unsure of the attention at first. It wasn't something she was uses to. She would draw chocolate syrup smiley faces in the whipped cream of his hot chocolates and sneak him cookies every now and then. She had also become quite skilled in the art of misdirection as of late, and a magic trick was not an uncommon occurrence at the counter. BB's giggles were loud and long every time she pulled a tissue out of her sleeve or discovered a sweet that had somehow become lodged in the boy's ear. Finn returned to his side of the table they had begun to share and innocently flipped open the book he had been reading. Not that he would be able to concentrate on reading, but it did succeed in making him feel more comfortable. "After you," Poe said to the tiny BB who scuttled around from behind Finn, followed immediately by Poe, who grinned as the little tyke skittered around to the soft booth of the other side of the table. It was undoubtedly his domain. He snuggled deeply into his nest created from the jackets of the table's occupants. "He looks excited," Finn noted. "Yeah, I promised him that we could go to the park after his nap. Also, his parents will be home in a week, so all in all a pretty good day." "Nice. You excited to play around, bud?" Finn flashed BB a thumbs up, which BB returned proudly. The tip of his stubby little finger was unnaturally blue, as if it had been coloured with a marker. It probably had been. Poe made a scrunched face. "Weird, I've never seen him do that before. He must be learning." "I guess so." Finn shrugged and diverted the conversation. "What are you doing tomorrow after he goes to sleep?" He realized that he didn't know much about Poe's pass times. "Actually, I offered to come here to help The General clean up. I heard Ben and Rey talking about how they would both be leaving early." So Poe would be there late, Finn noted. "That's nice..." Finn took a sip of his coffee as a plan began to formulate in his mind. A plan for Stage Two of his wooing. •••♦••• The phone rang against Ben's ear and he impatiently tapped a foot against the tiled floor as he waited for his friend to pick up. On the way home to his apartment, a tall man with chaotic blonde curls and glasses juggled several bags of groceries into one already full arm. He tried his best to could awkwardly answer a phone call with the other. Awkward was a good word to describe him, actually. From the bright orange vest over baggy work clothes he wore to the jittery way he seemed to be waiting to be recognized at any moment, everything about him screamed awkward. "Matt. Thanks for picking up." Ben gripped the phone between his shoulder and ear as he spoke to his old high school friend. "No problem. What was it you wanted?" Unbeknownst to one another, Matt was mirroring Ben's movements. That was just one of the many strangely similar things they did to get accused of being the same person in high school. "I was wondering if you could do some undercover work for me." "You know how badly that ended last time!" "I know, but I have faith in you." "Really? I don't. Tim still hates me for that. He really has it out for me." "No way. You haven't seen him for years, have you?" "Sometimes you just know. That look he gave me last time didn't scream forgiveness." "Please? I need you to talk to a coworker." Ben glanced at Rey, who was manning the cash register, as per her usual. "Fine. Who is it?" "Her name's Rey. She just started a few weeks ago. I need you to find out how she feels about me. Maybe what she's planning for a get-together too, if you can manage it. Just promise you'll be subtle." "Got it. Rey, works there, feelings, get-together. I'm on it. I still don't like this, though." Matt pulled the phone away from his ear. "I'll come in tomorrow, and do that. You know you're never going to hear the end of this right?" "You forgot the subtle part!" Ben whisper-yelled. The sound of a dial tone was his only response. It would seemed that he was too late. "I know," he muttered, answering his friend's question, seriously doubting his decision to involve others in his love life. Rey had been observing the customers, oblivious to Ben's plannings. Her attention had been caught by two of the regulars in particular. They were the two with certifiably abnormal hair, chatting amiably. The young man, braid as evident as ever had casually leaned up against the chair opposite the petite brunette. She offered to him the seat, barely pausing the conversation as he sat. She thought what a wonderful pair the two would make, imagining what they were saying, probably romanticizing it far too much. She had always been a sucker for pairing strangers together. It was most likely a problem, but it wasn't going away anytime soon, so she had decided to embrace it. Just as she wished they would each other. They didn't. Oh well, Rey thought, still staring at the potential couple. You can't rush love. Romance, it seemed, was in the air at the small café. Rey only hoped theirs was more clear-cut and less complicated than hers. •••♦••• "Rey. What should I do next?" Finn was frantic. Opportunity had knocked and he had heard it. Sadly, though, he lacked the skill required to let it in. "Can we discuss this later? I'm trying to get things ready, man the cash and keep orders in check." Rey rushed back and forth, double checking her list for the coming day, taking orders, and calling names and drinks. "But we have a golden opportunity for tomor-" "Please, can we talk about this after tomorrow?" Rey was barely able to listen to her friend's words, let alone comprehend their meaning. Finn opened his mouth then closed it. He was a grown man, he could do this himself. "Sure, fine. That'll work. Let's talk then." He left to prepare for his own event, leaving her to stress over hers. Notes: I have officially decided that two updates a week is not enough, so I'm adding one. Further bulletins as events warrant. Chapter 5 Summary: The General gets frustrated, Matt is not subtle, Ben and Rey have simultaneous meltdowns, and Finn does something really stupid. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey and Ben had both gotten the afternoon off that Friday, at Ms. Organa's insistence. "Please, you two deserve a break," she had waved them off after learning about their plans. It may have been what she told them, but the glint in her eyes hinted at a deeper meaning for wanting to give the two time to prepare for their not-date. She wasn't blind. They went through their normal morning routines, barely acknowledging each other, seemingly waiting for the other shoe to drop. The silent air in the café was nervous, full of tension. It got to the point where Ms. Organa wanted to scream. She was a woman of action, and thus hated waiting for things. Her impatience was nearing boiling point when they yet again accidentally bumped into each other and scuttled off their separate way, not daring to make eye contact. She fumed, seriously considering smushing their faces together when she was approached from behind by a young, aspiring student. "Gen- I mean, Ms. Organa, do you want extra help tonight?" Finn stood hesitantly beside The General, as he'd gotten so used to calling her. To be fair, she hid the extent of her frustration well. She may not have been as young as the other employees, but she was still plenty capable of running her own establishment. "Why does no one trust me to close up my shop on my own?" she growled. "I've been running the place for thirty years." "No, you'd actually be doing me a favour. See, I heard that you'd be having some other help tonight, and... well..." Finn backtracked quickly, hoping, praying that he hadn't offended the intimidating woman. Her rage turned to amusement in the blink of an eye. "Oh, I see. In that case, your help would be most appreciated. If you could come by around five, I would be extremely grateful." She gave him a knowing wink. "Thanks, Ms. O, you're the greatest." Finn grinned jovially at the stoic woman. "Don't you forget it," she said with a sternly pointed finger and a mock-glare. At that moment, Finn sauntering off, Ms. Organa reveling in the joy and confusion of young love, the phone rang. She walked over before anyone else could and picked the phone off the cradle. Seeing the number, she growled, roughly stabbing the talk button, shooting the words, "not on your life, pal," into the phone and setting it back down. With that, her good mood was ruined. Moments later, on the other side of the restaurant, a similar moment had occurred. Ben's ears were still crimson from nearly mowing down Rey for the third time that day (not that he'd been counting). He wasn't normally clumsy, but today, he'd seemed to have taken up the roll of poster child for the world's klutz population, and his tongue had become uncharacteristically tied. He shook his head and grabbed his ringing phone out of his pocket, only to ignore the call and put it back in his pocket. Twice in one month. He was being surprisingly persistent. Ben applauded his efforts, but wished he would stop. He went back to scrubbing the counter until it shone. Rey once again question who could put Ben in such a terrible mood with only an attempted phone call, but wisely kept her distance. A slight tinkle behind her alerted her to the presence of a customer. Odd, she thought. We're not supposed to be open for another ten minutes. She turned around to greet the guest to find herself face to face with a blonde, bespectacled... Ben. Her mouth made the shape of a small 'o' as she spun madly around from the barrista to the newcomer. Sure enough, they were almost perfectly identical. "Can I help you?" Rey asked, unsure of what to say to Ben's doppleganger. "Yeah, is Ben here?" "Sure, he's..." Rey turned around to find the coffee shop deserted. "Well, he was right there a minute ago," she muttered. "That's okay, I'll just wait here." Matt plopped down on a barstool. Rey cocked her head to the side, unsure of what to say next. She decided to play it safe and go with the obvious. "You two really look alike." Matt nodded. "I know. We got that a lot in high school. People actually thought he was dressing up and pretending to be me." "No way." Rey's smirk was half shock. "Yes. We didn't even know the other existed. I'd have people coming up to me, asking for notes in classes that I didn't have. He even got kissed by my girlfriend once." Her jaw dropped. The mental image of some random girl Ben didn't even know coming up and kissing him... Or more so his probable reaction was hysterical. She burst out laughing. Through her giggles, she manages to choke out a sputtered phrase. "That's gold." "Once we met, though, we got along great. He's awesome." Matt was clearly trying to get some sort of point across to Rey, one that she didn't quite comprehend. "I'm glad things worked out," she nodded. "So... what do you think of Ben?" Matt pressed. Rey played things down. "He's nice." "That's it?" Matt was clearly not satisfied. "Well, I don't really talk to him that often," Rey reasoned. "...But you're inviting him over to your place?" "I had to get him to watch Star Wars. It's crazy that he hasn't yet." "You know his last name is Solo, right?" Rey stopped what she was doing to stare incredulously at Matt. "I don't believe you!" she gaped. Matt shrugged. "Ask him." "His last name is Solo and he hasn't seen Star Wars? How is that possible?" "Dunno... Do you like him?" She questioned his abrupt change in conversation but didn't mention it. "Yeah, he's cool." "No, I mean like like him." Matt implications were obvious. "What, why?" "I'm curious. You've only known him a few weeks and already you're inviting him over? It's a little fast, that's all. He's a nice guy, you know. He deserves to have someone in his life. He never really has, though." "How come?" Rey was surprised to hear about Ben's lack of romantic past. Conveniently, she ignored the other implications of his words. "I think he's just always been a lone wolf. If he's going on a date, it must mean you're really special." Matt's brows rose. "It's not a date," Rey replied immediately. She'd already had to say the same to Finn multiple times. "Sure it's not. Hi, Ben!" Matt waved over her shoulder and Rey jumped, having found, yet again that Ben was directly behind her. He has got to stop doing that, she thought, hiding her embarrassment as Ben walked away, talking quietly to the strange and scatterbrained man. Rey was still scarlet when the first customers came in. •••♦••• Ben paced back and forth in his apartment over the café with Matt watching him curiously. Rey, meanwhile, back in her own apartment, was also stressing. Not that she hadn't been for the last few days, but this was worse. Only then was everything starting to feel real. She actually had invited Ben over. Was this a date? She just didn't know anymore. She turned to Finn, who was sitting on the couch, trying to steal a few chips without Rey seeing. Obviously, she did, but she was too terrified to worry about the lack of a few chips. "I have a bad feeling about this..." she murmured to herself "You're sure everything looks okay?" Rey questioned Finn, who yanked his hand away from the bowl as if she'd shot bullets not words towards him. "Rey, calm down. It looks great. You just need to relax," Finn said. At the same time, Matt was also finishing his sentence. "You just need to relax," he assured his friend. "You're one to talk," Ben scowled in his friend's direction. "You were the one who wanted to lock yourself in the freezer to get Poe's attention. Don't tell me to relax!" Rey spat. She wasn't angry, just worried. "Okay, that was completely different and I told you to forget about that idea. Besides, how else was I supposed to get him to notice someone like me?" Finn sighed helplessly. "Please," Rey replied. "You know he's smitten with you. I don't even know if this is a date." "I don't even know if this is a date. How do you tell?" Ben inquired. "How am I supposed to know? It's not like I have tons of dating experience. Just act like you normally do and things will be fine," Matt responded dutifully. He just wanted to see his friend happy. If that meant dealing with a temper tantrum or two, he would deal. "At least you have experience," Rey growled at Finn. "Do I act like I'm on a date or with a friend?" "I don't know. Compliment his hair or something. Make jokes, act like a friend but with little things that could be interpreted as romance." Finn suggested. He wasn't getting paid enough for this. He could be getting paid for this. "Okay. I think maybe I can do this." Rey nodded, glancing at the door. Ben scurried away from his apartment door with refusal. "I can't do this. If it's awkward, we'll be stuck together for, like twelve hours." He shook his head, looking terrified. "You can't really back out now. Just try for best." Matt patted Ben consolingly on the shoulder. "If it is awkward, just get lost in the movie like you normally do. It's Star Wars. Besides, you're good at thinking on your feet. You've got this." Finn gave Rey an encouraging smile. "Alright, I'll try. Thank you." Rey nodded, turning to face the doorway once again. Ben grabbed the door's handle. "I can do this, I can do this," they muttered, together, yet separate. •••♦••• Finn had snuck out of the apartment, intent on giving Rey the space she didn't know she needed. Besides, he was confident things would go over well with them. Even if they hadn't said it, he could tell they were attracted to each other. He couldn't wait to hear how things would go during the date (regardless of what they said, it was a date). In the meantime, though, he was worried about something else. He had his own plan to implement. Stage Two, he called it. Finn got to the Millennium an hour before he was supposed to and let himself in quietly. The door was still open, so he just went in without disturbing the General. Thinking ahead, he grabbed for his phone to text Rey in case something went sour, only to find it missing. He must have forgotten it at the apartment. Oh well, Ben was probably there by then anyways. He didn't want to interrupt. Especially if they had already started the movie. He quietly opened the door to the giant walk-in freezer that took up a quarter of the Millennium's kitchen. Nodding to himself, he knew it would be perfect for Stage Two. His focus was completely fixed on the dimensions of the freezer, which he was inspecting from the back end. Had he not been doing so, he would have seen the door start to close, the auto-seal still set to LOCK. By the time he did, however, it was too late. The door slammed shut with an ominous bang. Finn pounded hopelessly at the door, knowing no one could hear him. He was, for all intents and purposes, trapped. Trapped without a soul who knew where he was. •••♦••• Poe felt a fluttering of nerves in his stomach for some reason. He had arrived home the previous day to discover a letter in his bag. More of a note, really, but letter sounded more romantic, which the note definately was. I'm no organ donor, but I'd gladly give you my heart. -Anonymous He grinned as he re-read the note. The line was cheesier than a triple threat pizza, but he loved it regardless. He had been ninety percent sure it was from Finn, and his suspicions had only been confirmed when he saw Finn sign a receipt from the coffee shop in the exact same writing. He would be seeing him for the first time since reading the note that night. It was nice to know his feelings were reciprocated, but he had no clue how to go about telling Finn what he now knew. Shaking his head he grabbed his old brown leather aviator jacket and left for the café. •••♦••• Finn shivered with the cold. He had been in there for what seemed like an eternity, surrounded by ice cream and frozen pastries. Two thoughts kept him going. The first was Poe. He had to get out so he could tell Poe how he felt. The second was that he would never be able to look at any future Thanksgiving's defrosting turkeys the same way ever again. Which he would live to have. It was all worth it if he got fed well. He closed his eyes, curling up into a ball on the floor when a light shone over him. He looked up to see a dark haired angel surrounded by light coming towards him. His lips were just able to form his saviour's name as he felt a warm, supple fabric cover his bare shoulders, when he lost consciousness. Notes: I hope that Ben and Rey's mirroring scene made sense. I did try. Any and all suggestions are very much welcome. Dedicated to my wonderful friend's sweetheart of a dog, who will be missed by many. Chapter 6 Summary: Rey and Ben are awkward cuties. Poe panics. Ben is awesome. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) After Finn left, his words of comfort retreated to the back of Rey's mind and hid away with her rational thought, nowhere to be found. She was just turning to survival plans in the event of a zombie apocalypse when her doorbell rang. Rey nearly yelled in shock from the sudden noise. Why did he keep doing that to her? She was more than a little annoyed. Smoothing back her hair, stopped in front of the mirror she and Finn had hung in the entryway to check her outfit. A pair of dark blue jeans and a simple but pretty beige tank top blouse with a small stylized cut on each arm. Content with her appearance, she opened the door. Ben was standing there, smiling awkwardly from behind two enormous Millennium cups. "I figured coffee would be a good idea, but since you aren't a big coffee fan, I brought you a chai." He handed one of the cups to her. Rey graciously accepted it. "That's wonderful. Thank you." They stood still for a moment, nervously trying to read the other's emotions, both failing miserably to see past their own excitement and fear. Their nerves seemed amplified by each other's presence, but they somehow manages to read the other as calm and collected, the emotion they were both desperately trying to emit. An outsider, however, would not be fooled in the slightest. "I guess we should get started," Rey shrugged, inching toward the living room. "Lead the way," Ben gestured towards the hallway's end. The two entered and surveyed the room. Rey tried to see the room through Ben's eyes. The squashy grey love seat had been dragged over to the prime spot in front of a decently sized television. It was strange for Rey to see it like that. Their small glass coffee table was now so strewn with bowls of chips, cans of pop and other bits and pieces to snack on during the movie that barely any table was visible. Organized chaos. The room itself was clean but bare. The walls were the same boring beige as her room. She had dug out her Star Wars posters to cover them. She had also dragged out miscellaneous merchandise she owned. At least the apartment was in the spirit of the day. Rey gestured for Ben to take a seat and he did, resting himself in the left side of the small couch as Rey took the right. The first movie was already set up so that all she had to do was press play. When the classic theme sounded, she couldn't help but curl up into the couch, tucking her feet up under her and leaning to her side. On the large couch, here would have been plenty of room to spare, even with Rey balled up on her end. On the tiny love seat, not so much. Her feet ended up more tucked under Ben than they were under her. She didn't dare move though, hoping she could pass the movement off as deliberate. Her eyes flicked back and forth between Ben and the opening text at hummingbird-like speed, watching his reactions and absorbing the movie with an intense focus. Ben seemed unaware at first, but he soon noticed her anxious expression pointed directly at him. He shook his head and crossed his legs underneath himself, as well. Turning to Rey, he tried to talk, only to be cut off with a finger in the air, the indication for him to give her a minute. The movie was soon paused and the air still. He looked her in the eye. "Watch the movie, not me. It's weird." He was too nervous to be anything other than blunt. "But I've seen it dozens, if not hundreds of times. I want to be able to experience it for the first time again through you," Rey explained. "You can do that, but try to watch the movie, too." "Fine," Rey grumbled. "Are you comfortable?" "Yeah, I'm good." Ben nodded. The movie was resumed and they began to be absorbed by the story. In Ben's case, for the first time. For Rey, the umpteenth. Both of them loved it equally. By the beginning of the Empire Strikes Back, they had abandoned their original positions, in favour of maximizing their available space. Rey was leaning up against Ben, his arm not quite around her, but around the back of the sofa. Rey provided commentary when Ben allowed it, though more often than not, he would shush her gently, in favour of trying to follow the plot of the film. When the credits for The Return Of The Jedi began to roll, Rey was half asleep, very comfortable, if unknowingly tucked against Ben's shoulder. He was awake and alert, reeling from the after effects of finishing the original trilogy for the first time. Like every other fan in the world, new or old, he was in awe. Several minutes after the credits finished, He still sat there, hardly breathing, a barely conscious Rey still tucked against his side. Rey's eyes shot open with a start. "I wasn't asleep!" she barked loudly. "What?" Ben gave her a look. "Nothing." She changed the subject, embarassed. "What did you think?" "It was incredible! I can't believe my parents didn't name me Han. My life now seems very disappointing." "Now you know how I felt when I heard your last name from Matt." There was a pause as she remembered her interaction from the previous day. "He's a little... strange," she added, hoping to avoid offending Ben on his friend's behalf. "Please. He straight up sucks. But he's still a great friend." Ben grinned fondly. "He doesn't seem very comfortable in his own skin, that's all." Rey shrugged. "Believe it or not, he's gotten better." "That's good at least." They sat for a moment, letting the credits roll across the screen. The point of the get-together seemed forgotten for the time being as the two sat together, unmoving, not speaking. "Shall I put in the next one?" Rey asked abruptly. "Sure. These are about Darth Vader before he became Darth Vader, right?" "Yeah, but in these he's called Anakin, or sometimes Ani." A pause. "I won't give my opinions until after," she added. Ben looked mildly concerned. "That sounds ominous." "Interpret it as you will," Rey replied cryptically. As the introduction to The Phantom Menace began, Rey went back and, without thinking, curled up next to him again. She was suddenly very aware of how close they were, barely inches apart. Soon, as if a magnet were pulling them together, their foreheads were touching. They turned to face each other, movie temporarily forgotten, slowly closing the gap between them. Rey was unsure what was happening. She couldn't believe it. Another inch, and the gap would be closed. Suddenly, Rey's phone started ringing. She jerked away and silenced it quickly, but it persisted and soon lit up again with the same foreign number. On the third attempt, she finally answered. With that much persistence, she was worried what would happen if she didn't. A frightened sounding voice was on the other end of the phone. "Rey? It's Poe Dameron." "Can I help you, Poe?" "Could you come? I think I need your help." "What is it?" a small flare of worry was set off in her mind. The panic in his voice and the fact that he was calling her, not Finn could not be good. "Finn and I are at the hospital. He's unconscious." "What?" Rey's eyes widened with shock. There was muffled speech on the other end of the line, then Poe returned. "I have to go. They're calling me. You can find the hospital, right?" "No, wait, Poe. What happened?" There was no answer. The line had gone dead. "What is it?" Ben asked, sitting up straight. "Finn is in the hospital. Poe says he's unconscious." She stood still for a moment, contemplating what to do. "I think I have to go," she whispered. She didn't want to leave Ben, but there was no real alternative. "I'm coming with you," Ben said without hesitation. "What? You really don't have to." "I insist. My car's right out front. I'll drive." Without another word, Ben rushed forward, opened the front door and gestured for Rey to go through it. She paused for a moment, wondering if she should make him stay. It wasn't his job to go and help Finn, they weren't that close. The urgency in Ben's eyes stopped her from speaking. He looked just as concerned as she felt. Hesitantly, she stepped through the open door and Ben followed. They stormed their way down to the car, sans coats, barely remembering their shoes. The two slammed the car doors simultaneously and were off, rushing to get to the unconscious author whose condition was still unknown to them. Notes: I tried to make Rey's opinions on the Prequels as vague as possible. If you hated them or loved them, as she said, interpret it as you will. Just over halfway through! I hope this is being enjoyed! Chapter 7 Summary: Rey's frustrated. Finn's a little kooky. Leia gets some bad news. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When Rey and Ben reached the hospital, Poe was out front, waiting for them. Bluntly put, he was a mess. Brown curls disheveled, panic and sleep deprivation in his eyes and above all else, the overwhelming fear he projected made the other visitors and patients steer clear of him, which was fine by him. He was too scared to notice them anyways. "Is he alright? Is he okay? Where is he?" Rey barged up to Poe. "He's still in with the doctor. They said he was awake, but groggy." Poe stood up to talk to them. "What happened?" "I went to the Millennium to clean up, like I said I would. When I got there, Ms. Organa said that she hadn't seen Finn and that he had said he was going to help, too. We decided to start without him. She asked me to put the leftover pastries in the freezer and I was going to when I found Finn passed out in there, like he'd been there for ages. He was covered with frost." "I'll kill that guy," Rey muttered with rage filled eyes. She knew what had prompted her friend's little stunt. "Why?" "Nothing. He just did something I told him specifically not to do." They sat in silence until a nurse called Finn's name, telling them they could get him. Rey and Poe rushed in, Ben hanging behind to give them some space, as the two sought out their common friend. Finn was zipping up Poe's jacket, seemingly unaware that it didn't belong to him. From the looks of things, he was closer to sleep than he was to consciousness. Rey knew she had to get him home soon before the medicine he had taken was fully in effect. It would be even more difficult to get him to move then. She barely interpreted what the doctor said about him showing the early signs of pneumonia and probably needing to take a few day off from work. She reassured her that he wor ked part time anyways, so she would just inform his buddy from his circle, some emo girl the name of Phasma. Rey would tell her that Finn wouldn't be there for the coming few days. Finn, delirious as he was, insisted on saying goodbye to Poe privately. "Thank you so much for finding me." His words were sincere through the fervour of illness he now possessed. "Thank you for being alive." Poe said simply. "I know what I did was stupid, but would you believe me if I said there was a reason behind it?" "Depending on the reason, I might even say it was worth it." Poe winked with a conspiratorial charm. "Oh, it was." Finn was steadfast in his belief of the answer. "We could talk more after you're better? I have something to say, too." He knew Finn would be oblivious to the implications in his fervoured state. "Alright. Oh!" Finn seemed to suddenly realize that the cloth around his shoulders wasn't his. He began to struggle with taking it off. "I forgot to give you your coat back." Poe reached out to stop him from removing it, placing a hand on his shoulder. "No, keep it," he said. "It looks good on you. Plus, I have the feeling you'll need it more than I will." Nodding reluctantly, He turned towards Rey and Ben, who were coming towards them. Finn wrapped the newly aquire jacket even further around his shaking body. "Hate to break up the conversation, but it's way after visiting hours and judging by the stink eye the nurses keep giving us, They'll probably lock us in here if we stay any longer." Rey had a semi-worried look in her eyes, which were sweeping their surroundings, as if expecting an attack. Every nurse and security guard in the vicinity was glaring at them. A few even shushed them. Poe nodded his agreement after assessing the situation. "Okay, let's get going." It was decided, much against his wishes, that Poe would head home and Rey and Ben would see to making sure Finn safely made it home. Afterwards, Rey and Ben could finish their remaining movies. They made it home, Finn mostly asleep even before he got in bed. Rey and Ben resumed their previous spots on the sofa, both in need of a little comfort after being shaken up by the night's unexpected proceedings. They began the prequels and were able to forget for a little about everything they had worried about over the course of the night, from Finn to their own nerves. They sat in silence, enjoying each other's company for the remainder of the night as the movies played out before them. •••♦••• Back at the Millenium, Ms. Organa was jolted awake by the ringing of a phone. With grumbles questioning the sanity of anyone calling at four in the morning, she stumbled towards the phone. "What do you want?" she growled into the phone's microphone. "You never did like being woken up." A familiar voice greeted her from the other end. Her expression darkened. As she was about to slam the phone down on its hook, she heard her ex-husband's desperate plea. "Wait! Please, don't hang up. Just give me a chance," he begged. "Why should I?" He voice was cold, no hint of positive emotion. "There's no easy way to say this." The line went quiet for a moment, as if he were working up the courage to say something. She heard him sigh before the impossible words reached her ears. "I'm dying, Leia." A tiny gasp escaped her lips and she could feel her hands tremble. It couldn't be true. Not him. He was invincible. No matter what, he had enough bravado to make up for his recklessness. It was one of his traits she had found endearing. Until it had become annoying. Even then, though, she had loved him. Still did, if she was honest with herself, though she hardly ever was. "For certain?" "Absolute. This is one time they didn't listen when I told them not to give me the odds." "I'll tell Ben." "You shouldn't have to. You've already been through enough, Leia." "He won't listen to you. Let me do it." "Fine. If he's up for it, I'd like to see him. Would you let him know that?" "Of course. Han..." She hesitated, not knowing if she'd have the courage to say what needed to be said, but knowing she may not have another chance. "Yes?" "I... I love you." "I know." I love you too. She knew what it meant. What he meant. "Ben does, too." "I love him. Tell him, would you?" "Tell him yourself." With that, she hung up and cried freely, taking comfort in knowing that no one could see. Notes: I'm sorry. I really am. Chapter 8 Summary: Rey and Ben meet after the date. Matt let's a secret slip. Poe is a giant cheeseball. Ben gets some bad news. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey was full of nerves when she slipped into the bustling café for her afternoon shift. She was ready to face Ben, of that she was certain. It had only been a few hours since they had last seen each other, anyways, not enough time for fear to really set in. No, what caused her nerves was a far greater beast. She had to face her roommate's worry-stricken wannabe boyfriend. That truly terrified her. Sure enough, he was waiting, prepared to strike at the door the moment she stepped in. "Is he okay?" "He's fine. Got a nasty cold that'll be around for a while, complaining worse than he ever has, the drama queen, but he'll be fine," Rey assured him. "Thank goodness. I was really worried about the poor guy. I wonder how he managed to get himself locked in a freezer," Poe queried with a humored tone of awe in his voice. "I have a few theories," she muttered, ever as frustrated with her foolish, lovestruck friend. "Hey, how's Finn?," Ben glanced with worry as he wiped his hands on a dishcloth. "He'll pull through." "Great. I'll tell Mom when I see her. It's weird, I haven't seen her all morning." "I'm sure she's around here somewhere. She must be." "She'll turn up. I'm not worried." "As long as you're not concerned." They stood for a minute in oddly pleasant silence. They both felt comfortable in the other's company without needing words to fill the space. When Rey got nearly mowed down by someone heading out the door, though, she figured it best to stop staring at Ben and get to work. "I'll go put my stuff away and get ready," she said, gesturing to the back room. Ben nodded, he, too snapped out of the trance by the sudden intrusion. "Good idea," he mumbled. Rey went back to her pass time of people watching. The same two study partners were back, books strewn over their regular table. The younger half of the duo, it seemed, though, had abandoned his mentor. The exhasiprated man sat watching as his apprentice flirted with the young government worker. The elder's facepalm was quite evident. She almost thought she could hear the words so uncivilized escape from under his hand when the boy made a particularly obvious gesture with a yawn and an arm around the back of the girl's chair. Rey snickered and went about her business. Halfway through her shift, she was approached by a familiar figure with messy curls of blonde hair and too-big glasses. "Hey, Matt. What can I do for you?" Rey smiled at the sweet but awkward guy in front of her. "I was just wondering how your date went?" Matt wiggled his eyebrows, but Rey missed it. "It wasn't a date. Why, did Ben say it was?" Rey jerked her head up. "No, I just assumed," Matt brushed off his comment casually. "Anyways, how did it go?" "It was really fun. I had a great time. Until I got a call that my best friend was in the hospital with pneumonia, that is." She added the last bit with no small amount of bitterness. "Finn? Oh no, is he okay?" "He'll be fine. The idiot's being a pain in the butt, though. He won't stop whining about how he feels terrible. I told him not to, but did he listen to me? Of course not." Rey ranted to herself, hardly aware of Matt's presence as she let out her frustration towards her reckless friend. "I'm glad he'll be alright at least. Glad you had a good time, too. I know for a fact that Ben enjoyed himself." He tried his hardest to be subtle, but the definition just did not lie in Matt's internal dictionary. "He did? Good. At least he's seen them now." It was now Rey's turn to brush off a comment. "I meant more the company than the movies. He really likes you, you know." Words dripping with sincerity, he stared honestly into Rey's eyes. She blushed and smiled. She managed to reply without making a fool out of her giddy self. "Good to know. I really like him, too." Matt's smile contained something beyond happiness for the girl though she couldn't place the look of victory he shot his friend who walked out of the back room at that moment. He trotted away from the overly red-cheeked brunette towards his friend. "What's going on? You look like the cat who ate the canary." Ben's voice was full of distrust. Matt wasn't the most reliable for covert operations. He was just his last... well, only choice. His only hope, really. "Guess who just had a very interesting conversation with a certain someone's kinda-girlfriend?" Matt's schoolyard teasing somehow still irked Ben to the core. "I would assume the first person would be you, but I can't for the life of me figure out who the other two are." "Har har. Do you want the good news or the bad news?" "There's both?" "Nah, I just really wanted to say that. Although, now that I think about it, there is some of both." "In that case, let's get the bad over with." "I may have let slip that you're crushing on her." "You what?" That was it. He was ready to rip the scrawny blonde in front of him in half, no matter how long they had known each other or how much they'd gone through while unintentionally living each other's lives. He wasn't exactly intimidating. He probably weighed about thirty pounds soaking wet. "...sorry?" "Not cool man," he growled, trying his best to keep his frustration in check. "But I still have good news," Matt tried to save his skin. "And that would be?" "That she likes you back." "Really? How did you find out?" "I said you liked her and she said 'I really like him, too.'" His terrible falsetto impression was ignored by the tall, raven haired barrista he faced. "Really?" Ben seemed to be having trouble coming up with alternative words. "Absolutely." Matt's certainty was complete. Now Ben joined the girl he like among the ranks of the blushing. Matt left the Millennium after finishing his drink, proud of the work he'd done. •••♦••• Poe hesitated outside the door, suddenly unsure about his idea. Like so many he had, at first it seemed genius, not a trace of a flaw. As he put it into motion, however, he began to realize just how stupid it really was. Before he could change his mind, he knocked on the door in front of him. All too soon, it opened, revealing a very ill Finn. It would appear that the doctor's diagnosis of Finn suffering from something worse than a cold had proven itself true. "Hey." "You look awful," Poe observed. "Rub it in, why don't you." Finn's voice was hoarse and his nose was very clearly not working normally, making it sound more like, "rub id im, why dod oo." "Don't sound particularly wonderful, either," he commented teasingly. "You're really good at this comforting thing. With that kind of bedside manner, you're wasted as a babysitter. Maybe your true calling is to be a nurse." At least his sarcasm wasn't affected. "Thanks. I have heard that soup is good for healing, even if it's a tremendous cliché" Poe smiled, holding out the glass bowl that he had plastic-wrapped within an inch of its life for Finn to grab. "Wow, thank you so much. Now I feel like a jerk." Poe shrugged his indifference. "This'll help a lot. Oh, and come on in." Poe followed Finn inside and stood unsurely in the entryway waiting for further direction from Finn. "You really didn't have to, you know." Finn said, sticking his head around the corner of the kitchen wall so he could see Poe, who wandered over towards him. "I know, but I don't like seeing you so sick." "Well, thank you. Want to stay for a little?" "I'd love to." The two grinned at each other, gazing into each other's eyes, unsure about themselves and each other for what felt like an eternity, both waiting for the other to make the first move. •••♦••• Ms. Organa sat down at one of the deserted tables of the Millennium, mentally preparing herself for the task she had set before her. Ben was nearby, oblivious to the pain she was in, oblivious to the pain he, himself would soon be in. "Ben?" "Yeah, Mom?" He turned toward her, reading the obvious turmoil on her face and sat down, not questioning the seriousness of the situation. "Could you come over here for a second? I have something I need to tell you." "What is it?" "I know you've been getting calls from your father recently." His face darkened. "I have, too. Up until yesterday, I was ignoring them, but he caught me off guard and I didn't check the caller I.D." "Mom, didn't I tell you to always-" "Anyways, he had some news he needed to share." She cut him off. "Why should we listen to anything he has to say? He abandoned us, Mom. He doesn't deserve anything from us." "I know, but maybe we should try anyways. We talked and I offered to tell you for him. I figured you might give me a chance." "What does he want?" She took a deep breath. Ben's mother had never been one for sugarcoating, and she denied herself the luxury of starting so then. "For you to visit him before he dies. He's in the hospital and fading quickly. He asked for you in specific." Seeing the look on his face, she knew it was the right thing to do. Ignorance may be bliss, but false knowledge was agony. especially since the truth always seemed to come to light. "I didn't promise him anything. This is entirely your decision-" "I'll go," Ben interrupted. He seemed as surprised as she. His face had completely drained of colour, making him appear ghostly and terrified. Small and weak. "Are you sure?" His mother wanted to give him every possible opportunity to make sure it was his choice and the right one for him. "Positive," he confirmed, now looking slightly more so. Notes: I'm sorry but the next chapter will be mildly traumatic. Chapter 9 Summary: Ben is hurting. The author is sorry. Notes: I'm so sorry for this chapter in multiple ways. First of all, I know... the update is super late. I have an excuse! If you don't want to hear it, go to the next paragraph. Here it is: my phone, from which I do most of my updating, was stolen. Also, my computer decided to do a multi-day virus check. I'll try to update again on schedule. I'm very sorry for the content of this chapter as well. There. You have been warned. Rey was just about to leave the next day when Ben came up behind her, this time not bothering to be silent enough to scare her. That in itself was worrisome, but seeing the state Ben was in was just about enough to give her a heart attack. His eyes were red and puffy, his hair void of its usual life and shine, clinging limply to his scalp. His t-shirt was wrinkled and the bags under his eyes made it look like he hadn't slept at all last night. "Are you okay?" "I have a big favor to ask. It's okay to say no, but I wanted to ask you." "What is it?" "My dad... he's in the hospital. I just found out. My mom says she can't see him, he thought it would be better that way. Matt can't go, either, it's his anniversary with his girlfriend. I wouldn't be asking you if I didn't have to." "Oh, Ben." She barreled into him with the biggest hug she could manage given their difference in size. He collapsed on her, Rey silently struggling to hold him up, knowing he needed the comfort desperately. She ignored her own discomfort. "I'm so sorry. Of course I'll come. Should we leave now?" "If we can." "Absolutely." They made their way outside, ready as they could be for what awaited them at the end of their journey. •••♦••• When they arrived at the local hospital, Rey found a seat in the waiting room and wordlessly let Ben into his father's room alone. It was something he had to do by himself. He found the room easily enough. Ben hesitated before going in, unsure of what would face him when he did. He paused until he could no longer stand the uncertainty. What awaited him on the other side of the door was not the young man that he remembered from his childhood, full of life. The person that lived in his memories had a head full of thick hair in a lively chestnut hue and boasted eyes that glittered with mischief and excitement. The individual of his memories was young and strong, able to hold the weight of the world on his shoulders without breaking a sweat. A loving man. His kind face had spoken of good health that hid his slowly growing years. He was, however, not the monster he had come to imagine in the years since Ben had last seen him. This was not a man who would laugh at his child's pain and throw away the love of his wife. The man he had imagined had cruel features and anger in his voice and movements, even his posture was tainted by the shroud of darkness that coloured him evil. The person who lay before him was neither of those things. He was a man whose soul could no longer be contained by his body, which was ravaged by illness and pain. He was tired of living with that pain, longing to be rid of it. Hair was still plentiful on his head, though it had turned a stark white. His eyes were dull and hardened by years of self loathing. He emitted exhaustion. What little Ben could discern from his father's frail body was that of a broken man, laid down and covered by low quality hospital sheets, trying to mask the extent of his illness. His skin was a monotonous grey and his face had worry lines that spoke of years of regret and suffering, hidden pain and grief he could no longer outrun. Tears sprung to the man's eyes when he saw Ben, the salty liquid mirroring itself in his son's face. "You came... I wasn't sure you would." His voice was rough, as if every word was a struggle. "I wasn't either," Ben admitted. "I'm glad you did." "So am I." "You've grown up so much. Turned out quite handsome. You almost reminds me of myself when I was your age." The ghost of a smile appeared on the older man's face. Old memories of happier times overcoming his mind. "Dad..." Ben's voice broke with emotion. He knelt beside his father at the side of the hospital bed. It terrified him more than anything to see his father, the god-like subject of his childhood admirations reduced to such a weak and pained state. "I have so much I wish I could tell you. But more than anything, I want you to know that I wish I hadn't left you two. It was the worst mistake of my life." "I wish you hadn't either." He admitted it to both his father and himself, feeling a small weight lift from his thoughts. "I love you," the white haired man croaked out. "I love you, too. More than anything." "Would you tell your mother I love her, too? Say I never stopped." Ben could barely see, the tears blurring his vision. "Definitely. She still loves you too, you know. She tries to pretend she doesn't but I know she won't ever stop." "Stubborn woman, your mother." "Tell me about it." Something between a sob and a laugh escaped his throat. "I've missed you so much. I was just too big a coward to ever do anything about it." Ben shook his head. "I should have tried harder. I let myself think I hated you. I thought it would be easier." "Don't blame yourself. I deserved it." He seemed to be struggling, trying to find the words he wanted to say. The ones that were most pressing, words only for his son's ears. There was really only one thing to say. His final request. "Do you think you could forgive me? You deserved so much more. Both of you." "No, don't say that. Of course I forgive you." "You're more than I deserve, Benny." Hearing his father's nickname for him set him over the edge. Ben's body shook with sobs as he buried his face in his father's shoulder, feeling an arm wrap around him. It was so familiar, yet foreign. In that moment, he realized it was what he had been craving for years. Since the day his father had left them. That was in the past. He had truly forgiven his father. Ben couldn't tell how long he'd sat there, letting everything that couldn't be said pass wordlessly between them. It may have been half an hour. It may have been several. But suddenly, he felt the frail body beneath him give a particularly shuddery breath... and then no more. The life was gone from his father. The man he had loved then hated then loved again was gone. In that moment, Ben felt his heart shatter. Tears came afresh, louder now, less suppressed. He let himself loose control and stayed where he was long after the doctors and nurses carted his childhood hero away. Eventually, after every tear was shed, his eyes dry and scratchy, his throat sore from stress and dehydration, he made his way out to the waiting room where Rey sat in a small plastic chair, head lolled to one side, asleep. He walked up beside her, and she opened her eyes. Seeing Ben's face, she knew without a word what had happened. She stood up and hugged him, slowly leading him to her car. •••♦••• Several days later, everyone was gathered for the funeral, a parade of silent ghostly apparitions, navigating their black-clad forms between the graves of the dearly departed. It was ironic, in a way. The living haunting the dead's domain. The service was short, quiet. Not many chose to attend. When it came Ben's time to speak, he let out a prepared monologue, emotionless. His tears had already been shed. His sorrow had been expressed. His mother was there with Rey, scrutinizing his actions. They apprehensively wound their way in a silent tag-team dance around the oblivious object of their worry. Finally, Rey couldn't take it anymore. She was through with being subtle. "Hey. You've been emotionless all day." Hesitantly, she put a hand on his shoulder. "I know. I'm sorry." "Don't be. I know it's difficult to lose people." She thought back to the parents she would never know and the foster parents she had lost. Pain was universal. It begged to be shared. "It's weird, having to wrap my head around it. I acted like he was gone for so long. I feel like I only got him back for a few minutes before he was taken away again. I almost can't mourn because I already have, you know?" She nodded. "At least you got to remember him fondly in the end." "I feel like I've failed him." "No. That's something you've definitely not done. You forgave him in the end. That's all he ever wanted." Ben's mother had appeared behind the two. She murmured the words knowingly. "Did I ever tell you about the time he decided to trap a squirrel and tame it?" The terribly disgused change in subject was appreciated and went unquestioned. "Sounds like him." Ben's laugh was forced, but it was the first real emotion the two women had heard from him since the death. It gave them hope. "Boy, was that a strange Tuesday." The older woman hooked her arms around the shoulders of the younger generation, preparing to recount tales of her own passed youth. The three headed back to join the mourners, all feeling marginally better. Maybe that pain would pass. After all, it was only after the rain that there came the rainbow. Chapter 10 Summary: The conclusion... All is well that ends well. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) They all made it back to the Millennium the next day for their respective shifts. By the time they were all there together, the air had a calm, if somber feel. Early into her shift, Rey noticed a pair who looked alarmingly like Finn and Poe, arm in arm enter the café. With a jolt of realization, it hit her. They were Finn and Poe, hands intertwined, standing suspiciously close together. They entered the Millennium all smiles. Rey tried her best to downplay her excitement at seeing her two friends together. "Did you two finally get together?" she said as casually as possible. "Dude! We wanted to surprise you." Finn seemed genuinely upset that he couldn't shock his friend. "Sorry, I guess nothing gets past me." At that moment, Ben appeared behind her, enthusiastically joining the conversation. "Hey! Are you two a couple now?" Rey jumped. She had resigned herself to the fact that the scaring was never going to stop. "Announce yourself or something! I swear, you keep doing that and one of these days I will have a heart attack." The constant scares may have frustrated her, but she was overjoyed to have Ben back to his old eerily quiet self. She had written it off as being part of his charm. "Not my fault you're unobservant." With that, Finn and Poe let out whoops of laughter. Ben seemed confused, but joined in, too, which made Rey beam like a madwoman. She was good at noticing some things. Others, like Ben would always remain a mystery. At least, a partial one. "Jokes aside, we're so happy for you!" "We're pretty happy for ourselves." The new couple grinned and stared fondly at each other. "What's all this?" The General herself joined the small party's ranks. "Finn and Poe finally got together." "Really? That's wonderful! Took you long enough." Her harsh tone, she knew would be taken as approval by the two youngsters. Rey gave her two friends enormoys bear hugs and then wandered off to begin servicing the growing line of customers. "Now if only we could get these two together." The General muttered, indicating her son next to her and the girl behind the counter. "We're working on it Ms. O." Poe nodded dutifully. Ben groaned. "Work faster. I'm getting frustrated." "Mom! Please don't get these two on your side!" He turned on the small couple. "How long have you been conspiring against me?" His exasperation was evident as he questioned his illeged friends. The pair shrugged as if to say when were we not? "If one of you don't do something soon, we will. I happen to know of a particularly cramped freezer with a lock." It was as if the mere mention of the incident sent Finn into a horrible hacking fit. "We're going to go, we just wanted to come and tell you guy the good news." Poe smiled with an arm around his new partner's shoulder. The couple left. Their sudden intrusion seemed to have woken everyone from their mourning stupor, the sadness now pushed to the back of their minds. Across the place, only the happiness and light seemed to reach Rey's ears and she once again beamed over hers friends newfound love. Speaking of, the two customers were back, the ones she had nicknamed the Hair Pair. This time, though, things seemed to have gone much farther. They were in a private corner booth, both occupying the same side of the table. The young man had his arm around they woman's shoulders, carefully avoiding getting the fabric of his shirt caught in the obscenely long braid trailing down her back. They formed the perfect picture of happiness and harmony. She bit back a squeal as she watched the teo act simply adorable. She just knew things would wprk out well for them. It seemed that things were working out well for everyone. Ben approached Rey, twisting the string on his apron to calm his nerves. She asked you last time, he thought, man up, just ask her. "Hey, Ben. How can I help you?" Her smile and total ease around him helped him calm down a little. "I was wondering... Since last time wound up being such a mess, would you maybe like you try again?" He was digging his nails into his palms with such ferocity that there were bound to be marks left behind. Rey scrunched up her face for a moment, "Are you asking me out?" "Maybe." "I'd love to go on a date with you, Ben." They shared a shy smile. "So, do you have anything planned?" "Yeah, but I can't tell you," he said mysteriously. He knew exactly how she would react to that. "Why not?" Rey whined. "Trust me, it's for your own good and everyone else's safety." She fumed at his words. "This is going to bug me for a while, you know." "I know." He gave her a cheeky grin and returned to his work. For the next several weeks, Rey pestered the unyielding Ben for an answer. No matter what she did, he would not tell her. She was honestly surprised at his stubbornness on the subject, but she never gave up trying to get the answer out of him. Finally, two days before the mystery date, he took her into the kitchen and told her. "You got WHAT?" She stared in shock at the two opening night Star Wars tickets he held out for her. "Do you like it?" "Like it? Dude, this is the best thing ever!" "I'm glad you're happy." "I'm over the moon. No one's ever done something like this for me before." Tears threatened to bubble over in her eyes. Ben noticed and quickly tried to distract her. "So I got the honour of being the first? I'm flattered." He directed her to the front of the store where a very lovestruck Poe and Finn and a very impatient Ms. Organa awaited them. "C'mon. Everyone's inside and willing to listen to your theories and ranting." That was the last straw for her. A single tear of joy slid down her cheek. She reached up to place a kiss on his cheek. "Thank you so much, Ben. Really." He stared after her in shock as she joined the others. He touched his cheek in wonder. Then, hearing the squeals of fake shock from Finn, he went to join them. They were good friends, good people in general. He was glad he'd gotten to know them. All because of a certain girl. •••♦••• Two days later, they were seated in the cramped theater, trailers blasting on the huge screen in front of them as they waited for the movie to start. Rey had meticulously mapped out their outfits to be as pro-Star Wars as possible. She had decided to wear the same vintage title t-shirt she had worn the day she and Ben had met, along with an x-wing necklace and a blue lightsaber clipped on to her belt loop. Ben's newly purchased t-shirt depicted the new mysterious dark side force user, Kylo Ren and he had a red lightsaber hooked to his side. Rey had laughed when she gave it to him to wear, saying that she had never met anyone less suited for the Dark Side than Ben. Ben had then suggested Finn or BB and Rey had to agree, they were the epitome of Light. "You know, I heard something about Han and Leia having a kid in this. His last name would be Solo, you know." Rey mentioned to Ben in between bites of Twizzlers. "I guess it would." "I wonder if he'll be anything like you... Probably not," she decided. "That's insulting!" Ben gasped indignantly. "No it's not. There's no way he could be as amazing as you." Rey grinned up at him from her seat. "Well, in that case." Ben fake-grumbled. They grinned at each other and leaned in. Unlike their previous attempt, they were not interrupted by an emergency phone call. Both had already turned their phones off - their friends could deal without them for a few hours. Their lips met just as the trailers ended. The screen was black around the oblivious couple for a few uncountable moments before the movie started. The burst of music cut through the dark and Rey broke away with a muffled giddy squeal. Ben just chuckled and lifted up the armrest between them. Maybe there had been hardships. He wasn't over his father's death, he probably wouldn't ever be. With the girl in his arms, though, he could be happy. The fond memories of his father were dragged out, leaving no trace of their unpleasant years. He was, in every way, content when he was with her. They snuggled up and began the movie in a silence that spoke of pure happiness. Notes: So we come to the end... Hope you've enjoyed this story as much as I have writing it. Or at least that it's made you forget about the terrible truth of everyday life for a little. Notes: Hope you enjoy! I was underwhelmed by the number of Reylo café AU'S, so I tried my best to rectify the situation. All comments and criticism are greatly appreciated!