I ascend by the Dark spool the abyss dangles me over Lght Mother, oh Mother curse your surveillance through the fossilized phantasmal umbilical cord you guessed right that your Ben Solo still lurks he's the sleeping weight in my dog-tooth heart even at the collapse of Han Solo Father, Father, you are your own weight you chose Down the Force yanks me both way I chose Up toward the Constellations of Grandfather because Up should have stars and suns that won't blind me extend your hand toward me Grandfather, I feel your phantom metallic hands lifting me up but Down still yanks me toward the blinding Light my mask can't obscure the Light but no delays, Grandfather, I'll be a constellation at your side no more postponing the ascension. Father choose his abyss as I drift in limbo I'm dangling from a noose I'm ashamed to let slip the tears into the abyss of Light but let the Light evaporate my deficiencies along with Father whose heart shriveled in the Light I'm ascending by the noose the trick is to halt my lungs someday, the deprivation of air will never suffocate me again. Chapter 2 the phantasmal umbilical cord Mama, so I once called you Dad tumbles into the chasm of Light, I hope the Light leaves a pit in your heart Ah, but the intangible blood shoots me memories against my will your glaring visage of wear-and-tear weaponized against the post-mortem Empire your smiles are the worse the flicker on the candle wick that cast shadow on your vain finger strokes. You at least forsaken the fallacious lullabies, "don't cry, don't cry, boy. tears are only for mothers." a promise I crushed in my fists Forfeit those imagined mea culpas, Mama. Chapter 3 : I am the wisp of your pyre I am the wisp of your pyre hollowed of its skull Master knows, I do not deny your fabled "repentance" the last-minute folly induced by the emergency fatalism of paternity. I hate that Master forgives and lightens the blow of punishment I hate that Father tries to escort me to the abyss of Light. I hate that Mother still croons the lullabies in her sleep I credit her for revising the lullabies, to "don't cry, boy," to "cry boy, cry as you need, boy." I wish Master amplified the blows because they think I'm soft to require mercy. I am the Second Coming of your legacy they try to dose my rage with cotton-softness disarm my innate anger with their shrunken wills. I am your resurrection from your pyre. I smell the burning metal and bones. I am the residue of rust. I forgive your misguided repentance.