(Your POV) "Do you really have to go?!" I asked grabbing Bens cloak. "Yes I'm sorry, (Y/N), I have to train with Master Luke..." Ben lowered his head as a tear ran down his soft cheek. "Don't cry Ben, you'll see me again... Won't you?" I wiped the tear of his face. He always loved to feel your touch, you always made him feel better during times like this. He smiled and looked up at you with watery eyes, he spoke with a lump in his throat. "I'm going to miss you.." With that he pulled me close and ran his long fingers through my hair. "A lot" he added. "I am too, Ben." I wrapped my arms around his neck and gave him a loving peck on his cheek. After a moment of enjoying each other's company Ben put his forehead on mine, still holding me. "I-I have a gift for you." He managed to squeeze out. "Really...?" I blushed and looked down. "Yes, I made it myself, so you'd remember me forever." Ben pulled a beautiful necklace out of his pocket and placed it in my hands. I gasped at its beauty and handy work. It was a locket made from old part off of a droid, the inside had in graved words saying "I love you... Forever and always ~Ben" This was the sweetest thing Ben has ever done for me... He was always quiet and subtle about his love for me. But now he was practically stating it a loud. "Ben... I-I... I love it!? I was on the brink of crying, right there in front of Ben. "I'm glad you do." Ben smiled and hugged me once more. "Ben?! Ben!" We heard Master Luke call, "It's time to be going."Ben frowned into my hair and whispered something in my ear. "I love you, (Y/N)." I chuckled and blushed, feeling his warm breath on my ear. "Forever and always." I finished. "Goodbye, my love." He said as he walked of. His hand trailing down my arm till it reached my hand. Our fingers parted as he looked back and smiled. He ran off with Master Luke around a corner... And I never realized that would be the last I saw of Ben... A/N OKIE! I know it's short but it's just a prologue! Hope you enjoyed -Kylos Nose Chapter 2 : Chapter 1 That was 10 years ago. We were 16 at the time, when Ben left. I'm now 26, living on my own, and part of the Grey Jedis. I turned out to have the force, not force sensitive and strong like Ben, but I have the force. Being apart of the Grey Jedi, there was no codes, no hate, no love... You were just yourself. Only the force and your free will. Ben was seduced by the dark side, unlike I. Never falling to the dark or the light was key for a Grey, just stand in the middle. I was never much for human interaction after he left, I stayed in my room till I was old enough to live on my own. I came across (A/N) a few years back. (He/She) was a Grey Jedi. At the time I had no clue what that was until (H/S) showed me, I was amazed and immediately agreed. I lived on the small planet of Hoth, I never minded the cold, the people were nice. I subjected my self to my home most of the time, only need to go out for common essentials. Grey Jedis were never one for socializing though, so I guess I got right in. I try to tell myself everyday that I don't miss Ben, but I'm just lying to myself to keep me from breaking down. Which I occasionally did. I snapped out of my thoughts by shaking my head. I sat at my desk looking down at my pen and paper. Sighing I started to jot down a list of groceries. As I was writing I heard a knock on my door. "Come in..." I said sighing "(Y/N)?" My friend (A/N), said waltzing in. "What do you want?" Setting down my pen I turned around in my chair and looked at her with sorrowful eyes. "I just wanted to check on you." (H/S) sat on my bed witch is across the room. "Oh" I couldn't think of anything to say. Did I really need to be check on? I mean, I feel fine. "What's up?" (H/S) asked laying back on my bed and letting out a deep sigh. "Writing a grocery list, and I was fine doing that alone." I said going back to my work. (A/N) sat up on their elbow and looked at me confused. "Your acting odd (Y/N), are you ok?" (A/N) broke the silence. "I am fine!" Slamming my pencil down, I stood and walked over to the door with my list. "I'll. Be. Back." I said through gritted teeth. Opening the door I stepped out and started walking to the store. ______________________________ At the store I found all I needed, except good bantha meat. Sighing in frustration I walked up to the cashier. "Hello? Sir?" He looked up from his holopad and game me a sneer. "Do you have bantha meat by any chance?" The cashier sighed and set down his holopad reaching for a speaker in the process. "Ceisth, can you please come to the front?" His tone of voice made me angrier, wanting to just storm out. But if they wanted my money there going to have to death with it. A female walked up to me. A light blue Arkanian. She had black hair and tons of piercings. "What do you need?" She said Ina scratchy nasal voice. "Do you by any chance have bantha meat here?" She took her lips and slammed them to the side, in a thinking expression. "In the back. Follow." She started walker from where she came. I reluctantly followed. Coming up on a door she punched in a code and it shot up. "Here." She pointed to a pitch black freezer in the corner of the wear house. "Ok, thank you." I said a bit schooled she wasn't gonna show me. I started walking towards it when I heard the door behind me slam, causing me to jump. A natural human reaction. Clearing my throat I continued my journey. Creaking and thuds caused me to walk faster to the freezer. I just wanna get my meat and get out. After what seemed like forever I finally made it to the freezer. Searching almost every nook and cranny I finally found what I needed. Bantha meat. Picking it up I just happened to glance up at one corner of the room. The one I just walked past. I rubbed my eyes as I saw a black figure. All of the sudden it started moving, rooms aren't supposed to move right? Well this one was moving straight for me. Jumping in fright I grabbed the meat and tried to run but I felt the blackness fall over me and drown me. A/N Thanks for reading!! I hope you enjoyed! Notes: Thanks for reading! Please leave requests of you want some parts of the story different