The Moment the Force Was Truly Awakened - Act 1 She vividly remembered the first time she saw him. She had not met any other Jedi in training that were not younglings, especially none that were around her age. He was handsome and tall with wisps of long, dark hair peeking out from under his dark blue-hooded cloak. When he finally looked up and saw her, she saw his face go from sullen to blank and he stopped in place. "Ben... Ben!", Master Luke Skywalker yelled after the frozen boy. He came to from his lost stare looking frightened and surprised. She wondered what caused his expressions to change so drastically at the sight of her. She fidgeted with her cloak and watched as the boy hurried along to catch up with his uncle and her father, Master Jedi Byro-Dyas. She watched as he quickly caught up, his long legs making strides. She listened to the loud crunches of ice under his boots. The adults from the compound, her family, and the few Jedi younglings and padawans, were all standing at the entrance of the massive ancient stone Jedi Temple, the third to ever be built by the original Jedi. They were all wrapped in heavy cloaks and extra wrappings and boots in an effort to combat the ice and snowfall, as they waited to greet the new Jedi. Luke Skywalker, a legend throughout the galaxy, had been visiting the Temple for over a year. Her father and Luke had been in contact since after the events of the fall of the Galactic Empire, over twenty years ago. Now, he was bringing his nephew to live and train at the Temple; where he too would live permanently. She watched as they worked their way down the receiving line towards her in the middle. Ben kept staring at her with a furrowed brow and a worried look. Finally, she heard, "Cattsu, you are as stunning as ever... and the Force feels significantly stronger in you than the last time I saw you." She smiled, kissed him on the cheek and bowed slightly in place. "Thank you, Master Skywalker, it is so wonderful that you have accepted our invitation to stay. It will truly be a great honor to learn the ways of the Force from you." She said respectfully as Luke bowed his head. "Ben, this is Cattsu-Dyas, Master Byro's oldest daughter... Cattsu, this is my nephew, Ben Solo, oldest son of my sister, General Leia Organa, and her husband, my friend, Han Solo. It was high time you two finally met." She lowered her head and curtsied small to Ben. She raised her head, with a gracious and curious smile, and saw him bowing back but never raising his head to meet her gaze or look at her at all. She tried to keep the feeling of self-consciousness off of her face, but could not help furrowing her brow. "Ben, my daughter is going to show you around the Temple and to your sleeping quarters, and your uncle and I will re-join you both for supper. Welcome to Vanooria, my boy!" Byro intervened. The two Master's Jedi walked towards the Temple grounds, the crowd dispersing at their departure, leaving the two young padawans standing together alone in the mounting snow. She looked timidly at him and uttered, "Shall we go?" Chapter 2 : The Vanoorian Tour Summary: Ben Solo has just arrived on the icy planet of Vanooria with his uncle Luke Skywalker, home to the third ancient Jedi Temple and a beautiful Jedi padawan girl, who has given him reason to be concerned. She gives him a tour of the Temple grounds and explains her background and connection to the Jedi Temple and the Jedi Order. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Shall we go?..." She repeated, "... to begin the tour of the Temple?" Ben nodded and they began to walk through the snow and ice towards the main Temple building. He looked up to see two round-roofed towers on each side of the grand stone doors, chiseled with the Jedi insignia, that marked the front entrance to the Temple grounds. He noted the layer of ice that covered everything in sight. "How old are you, Ben?" "Sixteen. Seventeen in a week." He replied, barely glancing at her. "Oh, well I'm seventeen... It's nice to have someone around here that is around my age, but isn't one of my brothers." She said with an awkward laugh, which she quickly stifled due to his silence. "So... Did Master Skywalker tell you much about my family or this Temple?" "No." His quiet reply echoed through the corridors as they walked into the main building. Even when he was trying to be quiet, his naturally frank tone made him seem loud. She stopped to close the doors behind her and lowered the hood of her deep purple cloak to further reveal rosy red cheeks, that made her intense eyes pop. Her long, dark hair fell over her shoulders and back and appeared even darker against the white lining of her hood. He got completely lost in her beauty for a moment. "Well..." She broke the silence, with her sweet singsongy voice. "I suppose I could explain the history of my family and this place then." Ben lowered his hood and nodded. She began telling the story as they continued through the halls and rooms of the Temple. "My great-grandfather, on my mother's side, was a spice trader well before the Invasion of Naboo and the Clone Wars ever began. He looked to begin a spice trading business of his own and went out on an expedition for unclaimed planets with spice mines and good natural resources. He happened upon Vanooria and found it to be a wealth of untapped spice and mineral mines. He brought his family here, my grandfather was just a boy, and some trusted friends and extended family and workers. He built a massive compound on the other side of the planet and my family has been on Vanooria ever since." They stepped into a room full of food and cookware. "This is the main dining quarters, where we will be eating later but for now would you like something warm to drink?" She asked as she headed towards the mulled wine in a metal pitcher. Ben nodded and she poured out two glasses full of warm mulled wine. She continued with her story. "A few years after building the compound and getting the business underway, my great-grandfather, with his son, my grandfather, made some exploratory missions to map out the rest of Vanooria. That is when he came across the Temple. At the time, a Jedi Elder, Master Dobrow, a groundskeeper, and a young padawan, who was only there to rest for the night before continuing his journey, named Mace Windu, were occupying the Temple. My great-grandfather and grandfather came through those same doors we did before and befriended Master Dobrow. They struck a deal. My family would keep the traders from ever coming to Vanooria's surface - they would be greeted on the planet's moon, Vanus, so as to protect this ancient Temple from discovery by non-Jedi, and in return, the Jedi would continue to protect the planet and help protect the compound, if need be." "The Vanoorian Jedi Temple has been here for millennia, but was only being maintained as a rest stop for Jedi on missions throughout the galaxy. My great-grandfather died well before the Invasion of Naboo, leaving my grandfather to continue the business and the relationship with Dobrow. My mother and father were born around the time of the Invasion... The Temple became more deserted as the Clone Wars raged on due to Jedi being needed on peace keeping missions... they couldn't stay at the temples.." She trailed off for a moment, and was brought back by the sound of Ben placing his goblet on the table. She looked at him and then stood up, he followed her as they left the room and began walking through the corridors again. She continued. "When Order 66 was enacted against the Jedi, my father, Byro, was only thirteen and a padawan learner on Coruscant. His master was murdered but he managed to escape to a ship. He fled to Vanooria with a few relics and articles from the old Jedi Archives. He only knew about the planet because of old Jedi lessons as a youngling... Anyway, Master Dobrow took my father in and completed his training - making him a Master Jedi. Dobrow died some years later. When he passed, my father went to the spice compound to renew the agreement of protection, and that's when he met my mother and they fell in love. My grandfather built them a stone cottage halfway between the compound and the Temple so that they could control both together when he finally passed on. This is where my brothers and I have been raised." "Luke told me to ask you about your grandfather, Sifo-Dyas." Ben said as they walked through the indoor greenhouse. He watched as she picked something from a vine and placed it between her lips. He felt warm. "Master Sifo-Dyas." She corrected. "My father's father.... we should head to supper, I will tell you about him there." They hurried through an outdoor corridor. She seemed to hover gracefully over the frosted stone walkways, while he had to catch his balance many times to keep from slipping. They walked back into the main dining quarters and saw the table filled with people talking and sipping from goblets. The table was brimming over with plates of food and he saw two seats towards the end of the table that were open. She walked towards her father and whispered in his ear. Ben sat down in the empty seat and picked up a goblet to be filled. She walked over with the metal pitcher from before and poured him some wine. She then sat down next to him. Her proximity to him was overwhelming. The smell of her perfume drowned out his feelings of dread for a moment. She interrupted his thoughts. "So you have never heard of Master Jedi Sifo-Dyas before?" "No." "Well, the story goes that he was on the Jedi Council before the Invasion of Naboo. He was a wise and strong Jedi with the gift of foresight. He had a vision of a massive war and came to the Council advising the creation of an army for the Republic and the Senate. The Council thought his ideas were too radical and when he would not relent, he was kicked off the Council. It was a great dishonor. He felt such dread and concern over the imminent war that he went to Kamino and commissioned a clone army on behalf of the Senate and Republic, without the consent of either. He kept it a secret from the Jedi because of how alienated he felt from them. He was about 40 when the Invasion finally did happen and was so disillusioned from the Order that he broke the Jedi code and fell in love with a woman while on a mission. They had a child together- my father. My grandfather kept his family a secret but my father showed Force sensitivity. He allowed his wife to send my father to the Council on Coruscant as a youngling, and he would watch over his child. My father was not to let anyone know that Sifo-Dyas was his father. Sifo taught him as much as he possibly could. He left his wife many scrolls of writings about the Force and the Jedi for my father to read whenever he wanted when he was older. My father was only 4 when Sifo died.... but he was raised in the Jedi Order anyway. He was about 10 when the Clone Wars broke out and truly had to keep his knowledge of where the Clone Army came from secret or else the Jedi would know that he was Sifo-Dyas' son...." "So you come from a strong line of Jedi then?" Ben asked. "Yes.." She smiled, finally feeling like she got Ben to open up to her. "I suppose I do.... so what about your family?" "Not everyone likes talking about their family as much as you do." He said curtly. Ben turned away from facing her. She was taken aback and hurt by his rudeness. She stared at her wine goblet for a moment, trying to hold back her feelings. Finally, she stood, walked towards her father, whispered in his ear and then announced to the table... "I'm sorry everyone. I am no longer hungry. I am going to retire to my quarters. Goodnight." Her father stood and nodded, and everyone went back to eating and chatting. Ben sullenly watched her leave, guilty over how short he was with her. He was silent the rest of the evening. Notes: I promise that one day I will explain why Ben is so quiet, hesitant and rude towards Cattsu, but not yet. Next chapter will be Ben and Cattsu getting their first mission orders as padawans training together. Chapter 3 : The Match Summary: Ben and Cattsu have not spoken since he was rude to her at his welcome dinner. They are finally forced by her father, Master Jedi Byro-Dyas, to practice their lightsaber training together. Then they get their first assignment. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) She and her older brother, Connsu, walked through the outside corridor to get to the sparring room for their first lesson with Master Skywalker and their father, Byro-Dyas, and the new padawan, Luke's nephew Ben Solo. "What's wrong, sister?" Connsu asked as he watched his sister scowl her way to the sparring room for lessons. "I do not like him. He was so rude to me.. the entire time. I thought he was just quiet in the very beginning but then he said that I was being nosy at dinner and was incredibly dismissive and I realized that he was just rude. He'll be lucky if I don't accidentally nick him with my lightsaber." She said with an eye roll. Connsu laughed and they kept walking to their lesson. Connsu moved the door away using the Force and allowed his sister to walk through first. She was eight years younger than him but was the padawan closest in age to him at the Temple, that they had been training at together ever since she was old enough to train. She pulled at the blush colored ribbon around her throat that held her cloak together and hung the pure white, and blush-color cloak on a hook near the doorway. Ben turned as soon as he heard the door open. She would not look at him though. This was the first time he had seen her without her cloak shrouding her body. He liked her small physique and the way she had her hair styled that morning. Connsu was a much larger man, much like his father, wavy brown hair, slicked back, and navy blue and tan wrappings and tunics. He was a handsome man. "Ben... maybe watch out for my sister. She and her opening stance should not be underestimated..." Connsu whispered with a grin. Ben nodded uninterestedly. He grabbed his lightsaber and lined up next to Connsu in front of his uncle and Master Dyas. "Well, children, this is truly an exciting day. Connsu, you will be paired with Master Skywalker. Daughter, you will be paired with Ben.... form up now. Connsu, Cattsu, you are both in attack position one." Luke and Connsu moved to the opposite side of the room, and Connsu raised his saber above his head with both hands. She did the same, with Ben holding his weapon in one hand, away from his hip. "Proceed" Byro shouted. They all turned their lightsabers on and began their sparring matches. She came down hard on Ben, who barely got his saber to block hers in time. He stumbled backwards with a shocked look on his face. "Very good, Daughter!" Byro laughed loudly. "You must be quick on the draw, Ben. Your enemy won't ever wait for you to draw your lightsaber. Continue" He walked towards Connsu and Luke to counsel them. Ben withdrew his lightsaber and stepped towards her. She was grinning at her success. "This is supposed to be practice and instead, you're trying to kill me. What is wrong with you?" Ben whispered angrily inches from her face. "What is wrong with me?! What is wrong with you! I was nothing but gracious, courteous and kind to you when you got here and you have been nothing but rude and discourteous to me. I don't know what I have done to deserve that treatment but I wanted to make sure that you did not think you could treat me as anything less than your equal when it came to matters of the Force." She turned around in a graceful twirl and in one maneuver drew her lightsaber and stood in a crouched position, her arms extended at her side, enticing him to attack her. He took the bait and drew his gray lightsaber and attacked. She blocked him and suddenly all you could hear was the sound of lightsabers sparking off of each other. Connsu, Luke and Byro all stopped and began to watch as they danced around the room and each other, lightsabers in hand. Ben, frustrated by her competence with the Jedi weapon, and fearing humiliation in defeat, used the Force to push her back. As she fell to the floor with a horrified look on her face, Byro stepped in. "Maybe that is enough for today... Well done.." She grabbed her lightsaber, got to her feet and hurried in anger towards the door. "Cattsu... wait!" Ben said, regretful of what had just transpired. She was already gone... a swirl of white flakes and white and blush fabric stormed out of the door. She sat in her quarters for most of the day, pacing the floor, angry with how she had been mistreated, wondering how she could confront and tell off the boy that was meant to be her sparring partner for many years to come. "Cattsu..." Connsu knocked on her window. She stepped outside knowing that she was late for a meeting with her father and Master Luke. She hurried through the main hall towards the Council chamber. Using the Force, she opened the door and found her father and Luke sitting in large throne-like chairs, chatting. "Good, you are here. Why did you call this meeting? What is this request of an assignment that you are bringing to us?" Byro asked. She stood before the two Jedi, folded her hands before her and took a deep breath, composing herself. "Master Dyas, Master Skywalker... I have grown up with stories of the Jedi Order from my grandfather's era... Stories about how when you escaped, Father, you ran into the Archives first and grabbed as much as you could because you did not want the Jedi's legacy and history to be lost. I have always appreciated that Father. We have recorded everything you remember but it only fills a shelf in the Archival Room." "I would like, with my Masters permission, to take on the task of rebuilding the Jedi Archives. I would start with you, Master Skywalker. I understand you trained with Masters Yoda and Kenobi. If I could interview you and take notes on your experiences with them and the lessons that they taught you, the things they told you... well, I believe that would be a whole other shelf right there." She said with a smile. "I would also like to go on missions, follow tips and leads, and find relics or stories from those who remember the Jedi Order, whether they loved or hated them. I truly believe that knowing what the Jedi did in the past could help us to excel where they did and improve on where they did not. We need a strong Order going into the future, knowing our past is just one piece in making that happen - but it is an important piece. I beseech you, Masters, to allow this dream to come true." She waited nervously as Byro and Luke quietly debated about her proposal. They finally ceased talking and turned to her. "We have approved your request. We think it is a fine idea, with one caveat, Padawan Dyas... My father, Anakin Skywalker, destroyed the Jedi Archives when he was misled and transformed into Darth Vader. I feel that it is necessary that my bloodline make recompense for our wrongdoings towards the Order. My nephew Ben will accompany you on your missions. They are now your missions together." She stood before them, stunned and appalled. She tried to protest. "Now surely, Masters, there must be some other-" "Daughter, no more, it has been decided. You two must get along. You, Ben, and your brothers are the future of this Council and this Order. I am off to fetch Ben now so he can hear our orders as well. Have a seat and wait." She knew when she had been defeated. She sat in the chair in the corner of the room and waited quietly. She was raised like nobility on Vanooria, and knew the importance of appearing like a proper lady when called upon to do so. She watched as minutes later Byro walked back into the room with Ben trailing behind him. Ben scanned the room and was surprised to see her sitting in the corner, looking straight ahead and refusing eye contact. "Ben, you have been granted your first mission. You shall accompany Cattsu on a series of trips around the galaxy to rebuild the Jedi Archives. Do not protest. It is already done. It is right that a member of our family helps to right the wrongs done by my father, your grandfather, against the Order. Dear, please rise and stand before us." She stood quietly and posted herself next to Ben. "You two are in charge of maintaining peace in the galaxy, so you must be able to maintain peace amongst yourselves. This will be good. On days when you have no duties here in Vanooria, or when you are not on other missions on behalf of the Jedi, you will go on fact finding missions together. You will not bring your lightsabers - the world is not ready to know that more Jedi, other than myself, exist yet. Not until we are stronger. You will not seek Force sensitive children, nor will you seek to settle any disputes. Not without one of us accompanying you. You will do very well." Master Skywalker told the two defeated looking padawans in front of him. This was one of the first appearances of Ben's issues with authority. "Luke, you can't do this to me. I will not babysit her on some stupid errand. I am needed to protect the galaxy and advance the mission of the Jedi. This is below me. I won't do it." Ben stormed out of the Council chambers in a swirl of black wool and loud footsteps. At least now she knew that his contempt was not saved just for her. Notes: SMUT IS COMING. Chapter 4 : The Kiss Summary: After weeks of missions, Ben has been racked with guilt over how he's been treating Cattsu. He apologizes and catches her off guard with a kiss. They are given orders for a new mission, and they don't know it yet but this next mission will change everything. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) He waited, hiding in a doorway, for her to come down the hallway, knowing that she took this way to get to lunch every afternoon. He had been trying for weeks to talk to her, to apologize, but every time he got close to her, she put on a show of peace for her father and his uncle, and as soon as they were alone, she dismissed him. In private, she had been using her brothers as buffers to keep him away, and on the few missions that they had already been on, she ignored him outright. He felt a shiver and wrapped his marbled gray cloak around himself tighter. The only time he felt like he wasn't constantly cold, on this miserably icy planet, was when he was in her presence. He had to tell her about his dream - he could not keep living with this agony. Finally, he saw her. A vision in red and black. Her hood completely covered her eyes, allowing him the chance to examine her further. He noted the black lining on the inside and the black embroidery which created swirling flowers on the bottom of her cloak. He stared at the black under-wrappings on her arms and the sheer blood red fabric that created elegant draping sleeves over them. She approached and he grabbed her wrist. "What are you doing?! Are you insane!?" She exclaimed. "Let me go!" "Please, please, you have to listen to me." He cornered her against the door frame and would not let her leave. "Move, Ben, I swear..." "Please... I am so sorry for how I have treated you and what I did at our first lesson... an-and how I acted my first night here. It was inexcusable and I have felt nothing but guilt ever since...." She stared up at him, his hand still wrapped tightly around her wrist, his body so close to hers that it was warming. She stared into his chocolate brown eyes and could do nothing but stand there. "You have to forgive me. I've had this reoccurring dream ever since I met you. I can't shake it.. I am just so constantly and keenly aware of your presence when I am near you. I-I just need to..." He stammered for a moment and then, overwhelmed by her proximity to him, pushed himself up against her, slipped his hand into her hood. He felt her soft strands of hair in between his fingers and his thumb grazed her jawline. He tilted his head slightly and pushed his lips against hers. She gave in for only a moment before she shoved him off of her. "I don't understand you. You could not wait to be rude to me every time you see me and now you're apologizing and kissing me, what is wrong with you?!" She snarled at him as she walked away. "I just don't even know... you are just the worst." She turned around once more to face Ben, still standing in the doorway, to yell one last time. "THE WORST." She walked straight into Connsu as she rounded the corner. "Cattsu.. are you alright?" "Connsu! You would not believe what Ben just did. God, I hate him. I really do. I wish he would just leave. I cannot stand the sight of him." "That is truly unfortunate, since I was just looking for you and Ben to tell you both that Father and Master Skywalker have orders for a new mission for you both. You're to leave tomorrow." "Stop. This cannot be happening. Where are we even going?" She sat down on a nearby bench and stared at the snow roses that bordered the outside corridors. Connsu stood beside her and told her of her mission. "You are being sent to some remote planetary system on the other side of the Outer Rim. It is a highly populated world, from what I was told, but you are to find some old Wookie, who fought along side the Jedi during the Clone Wars. He has information and a lightsaber to hand over to you. This place is somewhat dangerous though, sister, be careful. Read the mission parameters carefully before you go." Connsu shrugged at her and walked away. She stayed seated on the cold stone and iron bench and stared at the purple, red, and white snow roses. She loved those roses. Them and the moss were the only natural plant life, outside of the greenhouses, that grew on Vanooria, and they were persistent. They bloomed year round. She found herself thinking about Ben, about the way that she felt up against him, about the kiss. She felt all of the blood rush to her cheeks. She raised her fingers to her face - she was warm. She felt a patter in her stomach. She folded her hands onto her lap. "Oh no......" Notes: Smut, smut and more smut coming in the next. This mission is just the beginning... Chapter 5 : The Emergency Landing Summary: They have shared a kiss but are still not speaking. They received orders to go to a planet in the Outer Rim and receive information and Jedi relics from a Wookie. They never quite make it though... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Weeks of fact-finding missions together had not thawed the ice that had set between her and Ben Solo. She could not get the kiss that they had shared yesterday out of her head. She was stubborn and proud and did not want to let this boy who had been so cold and cruel and confusing have her kindness. She needed some actions to back up his apology with. They had been on the ship for over an hour and were preparing to drop out of hyperspeed, and still only what was absolutely necessary to be said, was said. He was too afraid to say anything to her, lest he say the wrong thing and garner more of her ire. "Luke said this would be a difficult drop out of hyperspeed... Do you think I should check the coordinates again?" Ben said as he turned his head to glance at her, breaking the long silence in the cockpit. "I'll do it." She replied quickly. She pressed the coordinate buttons on the display screen again. "They seem right." "Okay, dropping out of hyper-light.... in 4.. 3.. 2.. dropping now." The engines sputtered out and the power fluctuated. "Ben..." She said her voice raising and her eyes widening, "What did you do?!" "I've lost control of the panel! This wasn't me." She ran to the back to reboot the power to the ship and reset the control panel but it was too late. She heard Ben yell, "Shit!" and then felt the ship rock. When she turned, she saw through the windows of the cockpit that they had dropped out of hyper-lightspeed and right into an asteroid field. "The power, Cattsu, where is the fucking power?" Ben frantically yelled. "An asteroid hit our left side and there is another one aiming for us right now." "It's rebooting... it's almost there..." "Come on.. come on.." "It's back!" The panels relit and the controls were functioning normally. She ran back to the cockpit and braced herself into her seat. She took control of the weapons yoke and fired at the incoming space rock. A direct hit caused the rock to shatter into flying, sparkly shards in front of their ship. "Get us out of here." She said in a commanding, yet frightened tone. "I'm working on it. We've got to land. We took heavy damage to the left wing and the left power cell. I don't think we can make it to our destination." "There is a moon that is closer, we'll land there and send out an emergency distress beacon to the Temple." Ben maneuvered his way through the asteroid field, sustaining a few more hits to their hull before reaching the moon's surface. They scanned for signs of life on the planet and found none. They were on their own until they could be rescued by the Jedi. They had reduced life supports, due to the moon's breathable atmosphere, because of the left and auxiliary power cells being damaged during their trip. The planet was blisteringly hot during the short day and bitterly cold during the long night. It was no surprise as to why this moon was uninhabited. By the third night, tensions came to a head between her and Ben, as they slept in opposite bed bunks across the cabin from each other. "Your teeth chattering is keeping me up." Ben blurted out indignantly. "I am so sorry that I cannot keep my body heat under the blankets as well as you." She replied sarcastically. Ben blurted out, "Enough of this!" so loudly that she jumped up in bed. She watched as he got out of his bunk, tousled his matted hair so it ran smoothly behind his ear. She was confused yet excited by the possibility of what could happen next. "What are you doing?" She said in the most annoyed and unconcerned tone that she could muster. She watched him walk towards the closet that held the final blanket, the fifth that they could not decide who deserved to have it more than the other. He tucked the extra blanket under his arm and walked back to his bunk. "Ben!" She yelled, actually annoyed, and sitting up further in bed. He grabbed the blankets, his cape and the pillow off of his bed and turned towards her without saying a word. She sat silently in bed watching him move about the room. He dropped the bundle of fabric on the foot of her bed and began to approach the middle of the room and the pilot fire. The pilot fire, a small metal bowl emitting a large number of flames, was the only source of real heat in the ship. She watched as he pulled the bowl towards her bed. "It's been days and we haven't heard anything from the Temple. We are both going to freeze to death if we don't do something. The only way for both of us to keep warm at night, until they find us, is to share a bed... conserve body heat" Ben said as plainly as possible. "What does that even mean?" She replied with snark. "That means get up and get undressed and then get back in bed!" Ben said so loudly and bluntly that it sounded like he was yelling at her. "Are you kidding? There has to be a better way." "There isn't. Listen, just take off your cloak and tunics, you can keep your under-wrappings on." Ben said in a much quieter tone. She stared at him for a moment, as if deciding what to do. She sighed and looked up at Ben, who was crouched over the pilot fire, warming his hands. "Turn around... you are not going to watch me undress." She said proudly. Ben fought back a smug grin, as he bowed his head in agreement and turned around. He stared at the wall for a moment until movement caught his eye in the reflection of the cockpit window. He found himself incapable of looking away. He watched the way that her hair flowed and grazed her shoulders when she pulled her outer tunic over her head. He felt his heart beating stronger and his face became warm and red as he watched her untying her undertunic. Entranced by her legs and the curves of her body, he liked the way she moved as she tip-toed back and slipped under the covers. He was startled when he heard her speak again. "You can turn back around now." She said quietly. Ben turned around quickly and began undressing. She hid under the sheets, trying to keep from being obvious that she was looking. She had never thought much about what he would look like under all his robes. She always thought he was good looking enough, but his attitude never allowed her to think further about his looks. But now she could not help herself. He had a beautifully dark and thick head of hair and a tall and built stature. He pulled his tunic off and she felt her heart begin to race. He was so strong and had a well defined chest and arms and a flat stomach. She slid further under the blankets as he approached. She laid on her back, staring at the control panel above her head, as he layered clothing and blankets on top of the bed and climbed in with her. "Turn over.", Ben said firmly. "What?" She stammered. "If you lay on your back, the heat between our bodies won't be shared or preserved as well, which makes all of this pointless." She held her breath as she watched him grab her wrist gently and pull it up to his chest. She laid her hand flat against him, amazed at how smooth and firm he was. She was so entranced in the feeling of her skin against his, that she barely noticed him tug at her other wrist, pulling here onto her side to face him and resting her hand on his waist. She watched as he gripped her thigh and placed it in between his legs and pulled the covers over them both. She raised her gaze back up to meet his, inches from his face. "Are you warmer now?" He whispered. She nodded. She wondered why she felt so at ease. He gently ran his fingers through her hair, tucked her head under his chin, and lowered his hand around the nape of her neck. "Good." He said, as they both fell asleep. On a night so incredibly cold, the ice finally began to thaw. Notes: I hope this reads as the turning point in their relationship. Ben is no longer able to deny his feelings for her and we will learn why he has tried to for so long in the next chapter. Chapter 6 : The Dreams Summary: After spending the night with each other, trapped on an uninhabited moon waiting for rescue, she and Ben spend the morning exploring each other's bodies and feelings. Ben finally reveals why he has been so standoffish and quiet with her since arriving on Vanooria. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) She woke with the suns of the planet not yet having risen. The nights were long here. She was warm though, and she liked the sound of Ben breathing and the pilot fire crackling as it died down. She thought about the previous night. Ben had shown a side of himself that was kinder and more considerate than before. She wondered if she had found a part of him that was kind and thoughtful. She had turned over while sleeping and was now facing the wall, but was still curled up and pressed tightly against him. Her under wrappings had loosened overnight and he was acutely aware of that because he could feel more of her bare back against his chest and stomach. His thoughts were racing. His hand was draped over her and resting on one of her breasts. He wasn't sure if she was awake, but he couldn't help himself... He held his breath and hoped not to wake her, his curiosity getting the better of him. He grazed a finger across her breast - waited to see if she woke or moved or did anything that she wasn't already doing. She did not. He adventured again across her breast with two fingers - it was soft and smooth and warm, like the rest of her. She was awake and trying to breathe normally, as she let his hands explore her half naked body. She was enjoying the closeness that she craved when she first saw the handsome boy get off of the ship on Vanooria, months ago. She liked the way his skin felt against hers, his hands excited her in a way she had not felt in a while. He lightly dragged his fingers over her chest again. It sent a tingle down her spine and made her nipples hard. He felt her nipple and felt his member grow. She felt something move against her ass, so she rotated her hips slightly and backed up into him with some pressure. As soon as she did, she heard a soft moan in her ear. She rotated her hips and pushed her ass back into him again, she wanted to hear him moan again. He did, louder this time. She realized that she could not fake being asleep any longer. She exhaled and turned around to face him. The suns were beginning to rise and the ship was warming slightly. A warm, golden glow highlighted his otherwise pale skin. "Good morning." She said quietly. Ben nodded and stared at her. He was still holding her, tracing the loose wrappings around her arms. "Tell me about growing up, isolated from the rest of the world... Did you even know anyone that was your age and wasn't related to you until I came along?" Ben said, finally breaking the comfortable silence. He ran his fingers through her hair as she spoke to him about her past. At times, he found himself closing his eyes, not quite hearing what she was saying, but simply finding peace in her voice. He was pleased when she told him that she had known others that were their age, it made him feel like she wasn't happy to be around him simply because she had no other options. "I've heard that you were pretty isolated too as a child... you don't talk about home though, so if you don't want to tell me th-" Ben interrupted her nervous chatter. Ben shifted uncomfortably. He struggled so much with talking about himself or his family, but he wanted to tell her. He wanted to tell her everything. "I don't talk about my past or my family much, that's true... I was isolated as a child.... growing up with famous faces of the Rebel Alliance as parents - it wasn't easy. There were constant threats on their lives and mine from Imperial sympathizers and people who hated my grandfather or my mother or uncle. My father had a difficult time dealing with all of it. I had been kidnapped a couple of times, and held for ransom..... I killed one of my captors when I was about 8 years old. He hurt me and I killed him and escaped. It... It was all.. well... anyway. My mother could tell that I was still grappling with all of my past and all of the pressure of my future and she and my father and uncle decided it was best that I was sent to Vanooria to escape all of the expectations and dangers... I was unhappy about being torn from everything I knew, even if it wasn't great. I was just so angry. I feel like everyone was in control of my life but me and I had no say in anything. I was planning on jacking one of the first ships that I could get my hands on and getting out of that ice hole, but then I saw you." There was a period of silence in which Ben spent tracing lines with his fingers from her thigh to her knee. He finally looked up at her and broke silence. "Have you had the dreams too?" Ben bluntly asked, with a pensive look on his face. "What dreams?" She asked, confused. Ben hesitated. "The dreams at night, and sometimes during the day, of us.. of you and of me... us, touching, happy, together, intimate and warm." Ben furrowed his brow. "There's some pain and anger and betrayal and fighting as well, but those.. those are just glimpses, while the ones where you're happy... we're happy, those make me feel warm and whole. Those are clearer. Weddings, children, gardens and a five-floored palace, peace in the galaxy, a balance of light and dark..." He trailed off. "You've never had them?..." "No... I don't know what dreams you're talking about, Ben. How long have they been coming to you?" She said sweetly and empathetically. She wrapped her delicate fingers around the backside of his bicep. "Since I met you... well, since the first moment I stepped off the ship and laid eyes on you, really." Ben said softly, straining to maintain eye contact with her. "How come you have been so cold to me until now if you have had these.. happy visions?" She asked, sounding hurt, her face contorting into a frown. Ben brought his hand up from her leg and pushed the hair away from her face. His heart sunk into his stomach at the sight of her frown. "I didn't like the parts of the dreams that turned into nightmares... it was easier to deprive myself of you than to feel that... sadness and loneliness i have felt in the nightmares. I was afraid of how real they felt, they felt like they could become real and I just figured that if I didn't get close to you than they could never come true. But those good dreams, they've made you hard to ignore. It's like I'm drawn to you." "Ben... are they dreams or do they feel more like glimpses or memories... more like visions?" She paused, trying to remember what she had heard it be called before. "Have you ever heard of the Jedi ability of foresight?" "Foresight?" Ben asked, confused. "My father used to tell stories about how his father, Master Sifo-Dyas, had the ability of foresight. It allowed him to see the Clone Wars forming years before they actually did. Master Yoda had foresight as well, and apparently, while my father still lived at the Coruscant Jedi Temple, Yoda was struggling with an unclear vision. So, the whole Jedi Council meditated together on it and found them to be clearer.... We-we could try to do that with your visions." "They're probably meaningless." Ben replied. She brought her hand up to his cheek and said softly, "It will be okay, I promise. Nothing that happens to us is meaningless." Ben felt nerves running through his body. Notes: I adapted some of Ben's tumultuous background from his wikipedia page. In some of the expanded universe novels, there were many kidnapping attempts made on him. I have been trying to build a conflicted character in Ben. I want him to recognize and acknowledge, like Luke did in the original trilogy, that all Jedi have the dark side in them, but they chose to maintain the balance and trust in the light. I hope I am doing okay so far. Chapter 7 : The Meditation Summary: They finally get to the bottom of Ben's dreams, and find that they have a future together. They begin to explore the physical side of their new relationship. While the nights were incredibly cold on the moon they were stuck on, the days were equally hot. They had settled on the floor, she still in her underwraps and he just in his pants, to begin their joint meditation to see if they could get a clearer picture of the visions that Ben had been having. "You need to get closer, Ben." She said as she pulled his hands towards her and placed them flat, right below her shoulders. Ben was having a hard time focusing with her hands resting on his bare chest. He felt a bead of sweat drip down from his hairline. She wiped away the sweat and placed her hands back on him. "You need to concentrate on how I'm breathing and try to sync your breathing with mine. Focus on that and relax." She said softly and reassuringly. He breathed deeply and began to focus. Once their breathing patterns were identical, he lowered his hands onto his lap. She rested her hands on top of his. Some time passed and nothing happened. "This is pointless! I don't have foresight and these were just dreams. They mean nothing!" He gruffly shouted at her, as he got off the ground and walked away. She watched as he walked over to the cockpit and leaned over the control panel, slamming his fist down in a fit of frustration. The sound of the emergency beacon beeping was the only noise filling the room. She waited. Ben finally sat back down across from her. She raised her hand to his cheek and gave him a reassuring look. She laid her hands down on his lap and they began again. Suddenly, flashes of glowing red sparks, mass murders and dead bodies, a mask, a trial, a bridge followed by a massive explosion, and his father, Han Solo, and feelings of anger, resentment, betrayal, pain, confusion, and loneliness. These vivid pictures and emotions fell over them like being crashed upon by waves during a storm. Those visions and feelings were followed by pictures of a wedding, white sand, children, peace, small Jedi, searches for light crystals, and feelings of love, passion, warmth, intimacy and fulfillment rushed through them both. "I.... I do have foresight... that was us..." Ben said hesitantly and frightened. "That was our future?... It was... powerful feeling all of that... a-and scary." She said as she got up and walked towards the bed. She was uncomfortable and confused, it all felt so real. Ben followed her and turned her around to face him. He grabbed her hand and brought it up to his lips. He kissed it softly and left it there, speaking into the back of her hand. "No one ever said these visions were set in stone, right?" She nodded. "We can change the ones we want to then.. and keep the good parts. You felt the good parts too, right? You felt that bond, right??" Ben asked, with a tinge of desperation in his voice. He wanted the validation that she wasn't going to change her mind about him due to the visions. She remembered the warmth and passion and yearning from the visions, as she wrapped herself up in his arms. "Yes, I felt the good parts too. Almost more intensely." She looked up and kissed him. As her lips met his, she felt the power of the Force flowing through them both. It was intoxicating. He ran his hands up her back and pushed some wrappings off of her shoulder. He kissed his way down her neck and to her shoulder. She was sighing softly in his ear and pushing her fingers into his back. He tried to pull more at her underwrappings when she suddenly lightly pushed him off of her and towards the middle of the room. "What are y-" Ben stammered, looking frustrated. She interrupted him with a look. She walked closer to him and began to pull at the wrapping on her wrist. She began unwinding it up her shoulder, across her body diagonally twice, and down her other shoulder to her other wrist. She let it drop to the ground. She maintained eye contact as as she peeled off her body wrappings, until she stood in front of Ben completely naked. He stood stunned. "Say something!" She nervously shouted at him. "I-I don't know that I have any words to explain how... wow." He stepped towards her and reached out his hand for her hand, but she stepped back and said, "Have you ever seen a naked woman before?" "No." She approached him. "Have you ever touched a naked woman before?" "No." He replied again quietly. She took his hands and placed them on her breasts. Her heart was racing and her body was warm. She was so nervous and every nerve was standing on edge. She just wanted his hands on her. He cupped her breasts in his big hands and squeezed gently. They were so soft. He pinched her nipples between his fingers and she closed her eyes and bit her lower lip. She gripped his forearms and wrapped them around her. He took a handful of her ass and pulled her close and pulled her up close to him, lifting her feet just barely off of the ground. She felt the same hard dick in his pants that she felt the night before. He kissed her hard on the mouth and she felt chills go down her spine. She pushed off of him and stood before him, once more taking his hand. She brought his hand down between her thighs. "You're wet...", Ben whispered, barely audible. She trembled as he inserted two fingers into her wet pussy. It was tight and hot around his fingers. He pushed his fingers up and forward, in an effort to make her tremble again, and instead elicited a louder moan from her and her lurching forward to grab his shoulder. He smirked because he liked the power. She grabbed his wrist and pulled his fingers out, leaving a wet trail towards her clit. She breathed heavily as she let him explore her clit and labia and lips. Her nails digging into his shoulders... She couldn't take it any more. She began to unhook his pants when he grabbed her wrists. "Have you ever seen a naked man?" Ben said with a smug grin. "No." Ben stood in front of her, unhooking his pants and lowering them to the ground. His confidence suddenly waning. As he stepped out of them and toward her, he reached down and gripped his erect penis. She was stunned. It was bigger than she could have ever expected. He gave it a good stroke and then looked at her. "Lick your hand until its wet." "What?" "Do it. Now." She licked the palm of her hand until it was wet, like he commanded. He looked pleased, and calm. He gave his hard cock another good stroke, then picked up her hand and brought it to his balls. He moaned as he gave direction to her. "Play with them... not too hard. Massage them.. ugh. oh just like that. Move the balls between your fingers. Mmf." His huge cock was throbbing. It all felt so good. He grabbed her by the back of the neck and kissed her hard. "Wet your hand again." She didn't ask why this time, she just did ask she was told. He took her hand to his dick. Her small hand barely wrapped all the way around its girth. He held his hand around hers, making sure that she had the right pressure and grip. He moaned loudly as they stroked from the tip of his head to the base of his shaft. He watched as she stroked back and forth, playing around with different grips. Two hands with the fingers interlaced, one hand just gripping up and down as she rotated her wrist. He was so hard. He wanted to be inside of her. His blood was boiling. He grabbed her wrist and finally said, "I can't take this anymore." Chapter 8 : The Consummation Summary: Ben has just discovered that he has the gift of foresight, after an intimate meditation ritual with Cattsu. They see that they have a future together and get swept up in their feelings. They finally consumate their relationship. Notes: Warning For Smut. Ben pulled her close to him and kissed her harder than before... he kissed her like he would die if his lips weren't attached to hers. She lost herself in the kiss, eyes closed, head rolling backwards and hands lightly tugging at strands of his hair. She felt his member against her leg; she was hurdled back into the present moment. She was scared, she had never done anything like this before. She had kissed a miner's son from the compound, a few times in fact, but she had never done what she knew was coming next. She wanted it though. She wanted everything good in his vision for the future, and she wanted him and his heart and body in the present - in that moment. He pulled a blanket off of the bed and laid it on the metal floor of the starship. He wrapped an arm around her back, suspending her safely in the air, and lowered her onto the blanket. He hovered over her for a moment, taking in what they were about to do. "Ben..." She said softly. "Yes?" "Be gentle.." "Yes." He whispered as he laid a kiss on her lips. Ben began kissing her neck. He was simply going by instinct; continuing to do what she responded to. She decided to get out of her head; she laid back and simply focused on what he was doing because it did feel so good and she trusted him now. She wanted him. She squirmed under his body and his kisses from the pleasure of him laying wet little kisses on her neck. She brought one hand up to his hair, intertwining her fingers within it; the other hand was gripping his arm. She tried to plant kisses on his neck as he made his way to her shoulder. He moaned with each wet kiss she placed. He lowered his lips further towards her chest, working his way down her collarbones to her breasts. He stopped. Hovering over her, he touched her breasts lightly, she purred. Her back arched slightly as he lowered his mouth and began sucking on one nipple, flicking his tongue back and forth on it, while simultaneously massaging the other breast in his hand. "Oh Ben..." She exhaled the words like air. Her fingers were tugging his hair a bit harder now. He moved to the next breast and repeated. She rotated her hips beneath him, grinding her pelvis into his. He dragged the tip of his tongue from between her breasts down to her belly button. He raised his head and blew cold air back over where his tongue was. She shivered with delight. This was a sensation that left the hair standing on the back of her neck. He continued to plant long, wet kisses on her stomach and hips and ribs, and reached up and took a fistful of breast in his hand. "Oh Ben... Oh, Ben." Her breathe was becoming more erratic. Waves of pleasure were washing over her. He raised his gaze from just above her cunt, where he had been kissing, to meet her stare. She turned her head to the side and stared longingly into his eyes. "Ben, I want you.. now. Please don't keep torturing me." He nodded with a smile and positioned his body back on top of hers. He kissed her, and then took his hard cock into his hand and raised it to her dripping pussy. He dragged the tip to get it wet and used it to lubricate the rest of her pussy. As he rubbed his wet tip against her throbbing clit, they both moaned in unison. He finally guided his dick back towards her pussy and glided right in. "Mmmf.... this is amazing...." He grunted. He began kissing her wildly on the lips, stifling her moans as he thrusted hard into her. He found one of her hands gripping the blanket and intertwined his fingers with hers. She wrapped her legs around his waist. He was thrusting so hard that she felt his balls slapping her ass. She loved the feeling. The position she created by wrapping her legs around him made it easy for him to bury his cock deep inside of her. He thrust and thrust. He looked down and watched her tits bouncing as he fucked her faster, and his rock hard cock sliding in and out of her. "I can feel it coming." "Please.. I want it.", she whispered desperately in his ear. He sped up and thrust harder.. then he let out a great moan. He pushed all of his weight into her pussy and she felt his huge dick throbbing inside of her. Then came the feeling of warm cum filling her up. "Ben!" She dug her nails into his shoulder blades and with one last forceful thrust, he emptied himself out and collapsed on top of her. He was still inside of her when he raised his head to kiss her. "I have never felt anything like that in my life." He said as he began to pull out. "Wait, no!" She blurted out as she reached down and grabbed his ass, keeping him inside of her. "Not yet." "Mmf.. that felt.. good." He said with a surprised tone. "I don't want you to not be inside of me." She let out a soft moan and closed her eyes. "I feel right being this close to you." "You do feel amazing..." He said with a smile, running his fingers lightly through her hair. He drifted off for a moment, "I feel whole when I'm inside you..." He kissed her mouth and held her for the rest of the night. Chapter 9 : The Rescue Summary: Ben and Cattsu have been stranded on their damaged starship on an uninhabited, harsh climated planet for a week. They have finally taken their relationship to a more physical place and now wait to be rescued, while contemplating where their relationship goes once they leave the safety of their ship. Still stuck on the moon, Ben set up their bed again, except this time, her wrappings and his pants lay on the floor next to the pilot fire. As they laid in bed, a mess of naked limbs under the blankets, they discussed what would happen next. "We should've been back at the Temple yesterday... any day now, they're going to figure out something happened and my father will look for the emergency beacon. He will. I'm sure that they are already looking for us, they haven't heard from us since we left." She said pensively. He was holding her hand under the covers. He tightened his grip and asked, "Do you think they'll find us soon?" "Yes. We'll run out of supplies soon. They have to find us....." She paused, and looked up into his eyes, worry covering her face. "Do you think they'll let us be together? It could be dangerous, make us targets... if we ever got to actually reveal ourselves as Jedi, it-" She got cut off by Ben. Angrily, he interjected, "They cannot tell us what to do... if we can be together. You saw the visions of our future. We come from powerful Jedi bloodlines, we would have nothing less than the most powerful Jedi in the galaxy as our children. They won't tell us what to do, not when we are more powerful." He said sternly, "I won't let them split us up..." He had calmed himself down and was running his fingers through her hair at this point. "I am too involved in this to let them interfere with our relationship now." "I am in this too, Ben. Please don't think that I will back away from this if they do not approve." She reassured him, softly raising her hand to cup his cheek. "But maybe we should keep this private for a while, let me find the right time to tell my father and you tell your uncle... we can enjoy a bit more time of this being just between the two of us." He cupped her hand on his cheek and kissed her palm gently. "If you think that's best for now. I just... I feel safer with you than I ever have with anyone else. I don't want to lose that by inviting other people in." Ben said calmly. She began to kiss him, softly dragging her hand down the length of his side, towards his dick. "No one will separate us." She whispered as she began caressing his penis. He sighed and continued kissing her. He began to softly pinch her nipples.. he had grown fond of when they were hard. She kept caressing his dick, and as it grew hard in her hand, she began to stroke it, just as he had shown her how to. She quickly licked her hand to get it wet and began to stroke his now hard prick a bit more forcefully. She rubbed the tip against her clit. "Turn around." Ben said bluntly. "I want to bury myself in you from behind, so I can fall asleep inside of you after I'm done." Just the thought of it made her shiver. She quickly turned and faced the wall. He reached down between her thighs to see if she was wet. She was. He wiped his fingers on the tip of his cock and then grabbed himself to get in position to enter her. He slid right inside of her, letting out a groan as he forced his way into her tight little pussy. The first dip into her was always the best because that's when she was her tightest. He pulled her close to him, grabbed her tit and thrust. As he massaged her breast, he whispered in her ear, "Grab my balls." She obliged him by reaching around as he quickened pace and began massaging his balls. He moaned and began pounding into her deeper and harder. "Yes. Just like that." He muttered. "I'm close." He thrust as deep as he could and then exploded inside of her. "Give it all to me, Ben... every last drop. Mmmf." She sighed as he panted. He brought his hand up to her chin and pulled her face towards his. He kissed her gently on the lips. "I can't believe I went this long without you, without feeling this full." He whispered with a smile. His hand found hers, and they closed their eyes to sleep. Moments later, the distress beacon lit up. Ben pressed the button in the bunk to listen to the holo-message. They had been found and Master Skywalker would be there before the next nightfall. "At least we have tonight..." Ben sighed and pulled her back against him. He didn't sleep that night. Chapter 10 : The Discovery Summary: Ben and Cattsu are having a tender moment when they are accidentally discovered by her older brother, Connsu. They get the first taste of their relationship no longer being private. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) She bundled herself up in her favorite heavy cloak: light gray with a pure white lining and black embellishments in the shape of sweeping flowers at the bottom; and walked out her bedroom door. She walked quietly through the outdoor corridors towards the archives. She had a bit more of a spring in her step but her feet still made very little noise against the stones. She was on her way to meet her mother and the compound's tailor for a dress fitting for an upcoming mission to Naboo. She turned a corner and suddenly a black gloved hand grabbed her arm through her cloak. She squealed in excitement, she could feel his presence. She was pulled into the archives room and pushed against the wall. Her eyes were mostly covered by her thick hood but she knew the smell of the man that was pressed up against her. She closed her eyes and inhaled his scent, as he pressed his hands against her arms, pinning her against the wall. He craned his neck and stuck his head inside of her large hood. His breathe was hot and wet against her ear. He whispered softly, "I couldn't wait until tonight to see you. It never stops.. my wanting you. When I'm not with you, you still consume my thoughts. I feel like the air in the room isn't as fresh as it is when you're there." She was breathing heavily. His touch, his scent, his voice and his words made her tremble. He kissed her neck gently and sighed. He raised his hands to her face to take down her hood. She finally got to lay her eyes upon him. She watched as he took his gloves off and with the flick of his wrist, closed the door using the Force. He quickly turned his attention back to her. "Only a few more weeks until our trip to Naboo and then I don't have to pull you into rooms that no one ever enters to have a moment alone with you..." He said with a smile, as he pushed his body up against hers. She whispered in his ear, as he kissed her neck, his hands locking her arms against the wall. "I've been thinking about our conversation last night, all morning. I can't wait till we get on that ship to Naboo." He kissed her on the mouth, their tongues swirling around one another. He reached down and gathered up bits of her long tunic in his hand. He got underneath the cloth and ran his hand up her leg. He grabbed a fistful of her ass and brought her closer to him. She wrapped one leg slightly around his calf, while the other dangled off of the ground. They stood there kissing and grabbing at each other when suddenly the door opened. Connsu stuck his head in and looked their way. The blood appeared to drain from his face and the look of shock spread over him. "Oh.." He said as he backed out of the room. They stood frozen in their positions. She quickly fixed her clothes and hurried out the door to find her brother. He was standing just outside the doorway, straight faced, staring at a snowrose bush a few yards away. She grabbed his arm, yanked him into the archive room, and shut the door behind her. Ben stood against the wall, waiting to see what she was going to do next. "Connsu...." She said shakily. "Mother is waiting for you. You are rarely late so she sent me to find what was holding you up. I didn't mean to interrupt..." "Connsu.. You can't tell anyone." She said more firmly, a tinge of desperation ringing out. "This is none of my business. All I was supposed to do was find you for Mother, and I did that so..." Connsu could not find it in him to look up and make eye contact with his formerly innocent little sister. "Brother... I love you, and you are a very good big brother... You've always kept my secrets... you have to keep this a secret.. For me. Please." "You could have come to me and told me. We used to tell each other our secrets. I don't know, Cattsu..." "It's not what it looked like... We care for each other. Please, just let us explain what you are keeping this secret for.." She turned to look at Ben, reached out her hand and waited for him to walk over. Ben gripped her hand in his. She told her brother the abridged version of how her and Ben began: the visions, the way he kept them from freezing to death on the starship, the way that they had looked out for each other, trained extra together and met in secret to talk at nights since. " Connsu paused. "This isn't the old Order. I understand why they kept Jedi from attachment, but it doesn't mean that's right for all of us now. You do need to tell them soon though. Go find mother and come up with a decent excuse as to why you were so late. You both owe me." He said as he made his exit from the room. "We have a deadline now, Ben. We'll have to tell them sooner rather than later now that he knows." "I know." He said with a look of anger on his face. She ran out of the room after Connsu and stopped him in the outdoor corridor. "Connsu.... please. I know you're angry but it's not..." "Cattsu, I don't even know what to say to you. I get that you're young and he's handsome and that it can get lonely here. Trust me, I get that. But he is not a good person. He has so much contempt for everyone around him. He has been rude and disrespectful to Dad, Luke, me, Mom.. YOU. HE HAS BEEN HORRIBLE TO YOU. He literally pushed you to the floor during sparring, Cattsu. What the hell are you thinking?! I don't understand what has gotten into you. He is not a good person." "You don't know him like I do. He's opened up to me. He has not had it easy but he has been kinder to me since the last trip. I just wish you could see what I do...." "Listen, I'll keep your secret but if he hurts you in anyway.... I have my eye on him now..." Connsu walked away in a huff, leaving Cattsu behind to watch him disappear into the snow, feeling divided from her family for the first time in her life. Notes: This chapter felt better in my head, a secret rendezvous and a secret being infringed upon. I may keep it. I may not. Let me know what you all think. Chapter 11 : The Anatomy Lesson Summary: They have been discovered by her older brother, Connsu, but that isn't stopping them from meeting and growing their relationship. On this particular night, they decided to delve into the world of oral for the first time - still learning the ins and outs of each other bodies. Notes: this actually ended up being one of my favorite chapters to write yet. I was having trouble at first but then I decided that I wanted Cattsu to be gaining strength from her relationship and her history as a Jedi from a powerful family. I really like the idea that months have passed since Ben first got to Vanooria and that they are both growing up and growing older and learning about their sexuality and speculating about their futures. I think I will only write a handful more chapters before I move on to Act II, after the events of TFA. Let me know what you thought about this chapter. They grew up together that first month after being stranded on that cold moon. She had withdrawn from her family and had thrown herself into their relationship. He was still sullen and angry towards everyone, but no longer with her. He was kind, romantic and thoughtful. They would sneak into each others bed chambers at night to talk and sleep and learn how their bodies worked. She paced the floor, anxiously awaiting for his arrival at her room. She had almost gotten caught two nights earlier, having to hide in a snow drift for a few minutes to avoid detection by the groundskeeper. Her long, satin, red robe dusted the cold stone floor behind her, as she clutched a metal goblet half full of warm mulled wine. They had done this a handful of times since being rescued from the desolate moon where their relationship began, but they had not had sex again. He had told her that the only times that he slept soundly was when he slept with her. Otherwise, he had nightmares of childhood or the visions of the future that haunted him. But he was at peace when he was with her. They had been spending their nights together talking about their childhoods, their futures, and their feelings for one another. They had slept most of their nights together, but tonight they had planned to try again as she was being sent on a short mission with her younger brother the following day and didn't want to wait any longer. Ben had been talking about how he once heard about a man in the Resistance kissing a woman on her vagina. He had asked if he could try it; said he had been thinking about it since the cold moon nights. She agreed but was nervous. An ice storm was passing over the Temple and she could hear the tapping of small balls of hail hitting her foggy, glass windows. Her bed quarters were warm from the flames coming out of the several pilot fires burning around her bed. She took a large swig of wine and set the cup down on a shelf. She turned as she heard a quiet rapping on her door. It opened and Ben slipped through the doorway quickly, letting as little cold air in as possible and closing it shut behind him. She felt the blood rush to her cheeks as he pulled his long, black hood, speckled with white snowflakes, back from his face. As they embraced, he whispered how he had been thinking of her all day. He held her close to him and buried his face into her soft hair, resting his forehead on her shoulder. They stood there for a short while, holding each other and not saying a word. She eventually took both sides of his face in her hands and kissed him hard on the mouth. He rested his forehead on hers for a moment, and then she pulled the clasp apart on his cloak, pulling the heavy material off of his shoulders and laying it on a chair by the doorway. He sat on the foot of her bed and removed his boots, utility belt and outer tunic. He looked up at her, nervously watching him undress from across the room and held out his hand for her. She approached and stood in front of him. "You look beautiful....." He said with a smile. He ran his fingers along her jawline, then moved them to pull the silky red ribbon fastening the robe around her waist. He pulled it off of her shoulders and the silk robe fell to the ground, revealing a long, sheer white dress, with silver embellishments around the split sleeves. He felt the blood rushing to his cock as he reached for her hips. He pulled her so that she would turn for him. He could see her ass through the tight dress. He drew his hands up to her ribs and marveled in the sight of her hard nipples and supple breasts through the fabric. She was galvanizing. "Enough?" She said nervously. "Not nearly..." He replied smugly. "But maybe I can do something to relax you? You don't need to be nervous. It's just me. You know me. Every inch of me." He said quietly as he picked up the ends of her dress and ran his hands up her legs. She took a large breath in and began to pull her dress off her shoulders. She watched as her dress fell around her feet. She placed her hands lightly on his face and whispered, "Teach me and I will teach you." He grabbed her and flipped her onto the bed. He kissed her naked body and climbed up to straddle her. He removed his tunic and kissed her breasts. She reached down to stroke the bulge in his pants. He sat up again and began to unlace his pants, but then she sat up as well. She wriggled out from underneath him and stood before him at the foot of the bed. She pulled Ben by the hand and pulled him to his feet. She kissed him on the lips and pulled at the soft leather laces at the front of his pants. She untied them and pulled them to his ankles. He stepped out of them as she led him to a chair in the corner of her room, next to a pilot fire. "Tell me what to do, Ben." "Lick your lips and your hand." He looked thrilled. She did as she was told and he grinned at her eager compliance. "Take my cock." She gripped his thick dick in her wet hands and began to stroke it. "A little tighter..." He moaned. "Ah, yes, that's very good." She smiled at his moans. She took one hand off and brought it down to play with his balls. He threw his head back in pleasure. She loved watching him moan as she knelt before him. He squirmed at her touch. He mustered up the clarity to look down at her and say, gruffly, "Now your mouth, lick and suck on the head... the tip. Then play with my balls in your hand as you do that. Then take all of me into your mouth and watch your teeth." She loved the way he took charge. She decided to adventure first by flicking the slit in the very tip of his penis with the tip of her tongue, while she held his shaft in place. His breathing became choppier when she did this. She decided to take the tip of her tongue again and trace right underneath his head. She swirled her tongue in a circle. He moaned sharply. She wanted him so desperately. Every inch of him. Her instincts were telling her that she liked the way he felt in her hand and on her tongue. She liked the way his moans validated her. "Lick your lips again for me." She obliged. She was enjoying herself and let out a quiet moan as she continued teasing the tip. She decided to test the waters further. She wet her lips once more and decided to wrap them around the tip. She tightened her grip and he jolted forward. "More." He demanded. She inhaled through her nose and took him deep into her mouth. He was so big that she choked a little. He liked the noise of her gagging. He brought his hand to the back of her head and intertwined his fingers in her hair. She locked her eyes with his. She watched him breathe heavily and moan as she bobbed up and down, mouth wrapped around his shaft, her hand working in tandem on the lower part of his big, thick cock that wouldn't fit down her throat. Then she took her other hand and began massaging his balls. He was wriggling underneath her. "Faster." She choked and gagged, but she went faster because the moaning was intoxicating. She loved pleasing him. "I'm going to come... stay still." He grumbled. He held her head in place by pulling her hair and thrust up forcibly into her mouth. She choked. He thrust hard one last time and stayed there. She felt her mouth fill with a warm, bitter liquid. She let it fill her mouth before he finished and pulled out. She swallowed and opened her eyes. He sat back in his seat with his eyes closed and a contented look smeared across his face. She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and rested her head on his thigh. She wasn't sure if she hated what she just did or loved it; she leaned towards the latter. She did know that she was tired. She felt his large hand stroke her hair. His breath steadied. "That was amazing.. you are amazing.......... Are you okay?" He asked, with a more relaxed tone in his voice. "Yes... I just want you and then I want to fall asleep in your arms." "Then you shall have that." He said with a grin. He scooped her up in his long arms and laid her down on the bed. He kissed her and then inches away from her face, whispered, "tell me what to do." "I'm not sure what to do... " "Tell me what you want me to do. I want to kiss you down there. Do you want me to do that?" She laid uncertain for a few moments, then replied with a nod. "Yes. I want you to do that. I wouldn't know what to tell you to do though." "Why don't you let me go down there and you tell me what feels good?" She nodded again. Ben pushed his fingers through his shaggy, dark hair to pull the hair back from his forehead. He worked his way from her neck to her belly button, leaving wet kisses the whole way down. He dismounted from the bed and knelt on the floor in front of her. He wrapped his hands behind her knees and pulled her to the edge of the bed. Her ass was barely hanging off the foot of the bed and he rested her knees on his shoulders. He hesitated, not entirely sure of what to do next. He gripped her upper thighs. Her breathing became heavier. He dragged his thumbs from her inner thighs to her knees, then pulled her legs apart. He licked his lips and began placing kisses on her inner thighs. She moaned quietly and placed her hand over his on her hip. "Are you okay?" Ben asked with a concerned look on his face. She quickly nodded and then went back to staring at the ceiling. Ben looked so serious though. He refocused his attention on the lips of her pussy. He took his left hand and separated them. She shivered at his touch. He laid his lips against her clit. She shivered more. She exhaled shortly out of her nose. When he withdrew his lips, he realized how wet she was. He let his instincts take over. He took his tongue, flat, and drug it against the length of her dripping cunt. She moaned. He did it again. Then he dug the tip of his tongue into her opening. She squirmed and breathed heavily. He brought the pointed tip up and she dug her fingers into the bed sheets. He swirled his tongue around her clit, in response to her moans. He then took her clit in between his lips and began sucking on it. She moaned wildly. "Gods.. this does feel good...." He looked up at her, her chin touching her chest so she could watch him, and went back and forth between sucking and flicking with his tongue. She was having a hard time laying still. "Yes.. Yes... just like that, don't stop." She was rocking her hips up and down, directing his mouth where to go. He pushed his face harder onto her and she pushed down onto his mouth. He used his left forearm to pin her stomach down on the bed and took his right hand, and inserted two fingers into her. He began pushing them in and out of her and simultaneously sucking on her clit. She squirmed and squirmed and moaned and finally said, "Oh god, I can feel it coming..." "No... No!" He lifted his head to say, looking devastated. "I'm enjoying this as much as you are. I'm not finished. I don't want to stop yet." She sat up slightly. "If you don't get back down there and do exactly what you were just doing to let me finish, I won't let you do this again for a long time." She said forcefully, staring dead into his eyes. He smiled and she put her fingers into his hair, forcing him back down to her pussy. She kept her fingers in his hair as he went back to his licking and sucking and fingering. Some time passed and she said it again. "I can feel it and don't you dare stop, Ben." He sped up and suddenly her back arched and waves of pleasure began washing over her. He fingered her harder and harder as she orgasmed until she couldn't take it anymore. She grabbed at his shoulders and pushed him away from her pussy. She tried to use her legs to propel herself away from his face and towards the head of the bed, but her legs were shaking and tingling. "Please. Please stop, Ben... I can't feel my legs." She said laughing and breathing heavily. He relented. He wrapped his arm around her back and pulled her to the head of the bed, and laid her down on the pillows. He wiped his mouth on the back of his hand and stood up. He walked over to a pitcher of warm mulled wine and stuffed two goblets under his arm. He walked back over and placed the goblets onto her bedside table; pouring the wine into them. He placed the pitcher next to the goblets and then went over to a pot of simmering water next to a pilot fire. He grabbed a small rag and dipped it into the water, rung it out and wiped his face with it. He wiped his cock and then dipped it back into the water, brought it out and rung it out once more. He brought it over to her and wiped her dripping cunt. She shivered from the warm sensation against her still throbbing clit. He threw the rag onto a pilot fire and heard the flame sizzle out. He laid down on the bed next to her and placed his head on her lap. She took a goblet of mulled wine and drank from it, letting its warmth fill her body, while playing with his thick and wavy hair. He sighed. "We could do this every day if we left here." "If we left here, Ben Solo, we would not be Jedi and we are going to be the most powerful Jedi until our children are born. I want to be a powerful Jedi. I want you to be a powerful Jedi. I want to bring balance." She said with a smile. "We could still be Jedi if we left.. We could train together and create the Order that we want. We would bring balance to the galaxy." "Ben, here." She handed him a goblet and he sat up next to her on the pillows, sticking his legs under the sheets with her legs. He took a sip from the goblet and laid back against the wall, putting his arm around her shoulders. "Ben, you need to relax. We will have all the freedom we want, but I want to be a Jedi with this Order, in this Temple, with my brothers and our friends and family. We will do this every day." She smirked. "I promise." She took a big sip from her goblet, relaxed into his arms and shut her eyes. Chapter 12 : The Naboo Trip Summary: Ben has requested to go on a fact finding mission to Naboo to find out more about his family. He times it so that it falls on Catssu's 18th birthday, in an attempt to spend a special week alone with her. Unknowingly, they mirror bits of his grandparents relationship, in the lake country of Naboo. Still hiding their relationship, they discuss their future together at Padme Naberrie's, his grandmother, family lakehouse, Varykino. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "I've heard wonderful things about Naboo. I've heard it's beautiful and that the palace is the biggest of its kind in all of the Mid-Rim." She said with a dreamy look in her eye. Ben was relaxed in his seat and stared at her with a content look on his face. She had her mothers Vanoorian tailors make the most ornate outfits he had ever seen her wear, just for this trip. He watched as she adjusted the red snowrose crown that had been secured by her ornate braids. She wouldn't stop fidgeting. She had been waiting for this mission for months. Her father knew King Veruna II's brother, as a Jedi padawan on Coruscant during the Clone Wars, and had arranged for her and Ben to be treated like royalty while they were on Naboo. They were to stay in the palace in Theed and talk to the King about his recollections on the Jedi and having a Force-sensitive brother. He had been one of the few people outside of Vanooria to know about the burgeoning Jedi Order. He had also been a silent benefactor, along with Byro's father-in-law, for the Temple and the Jedi. They had secured Varykino, the Naberrie family retreat house in the Lake Country of Naboo, as a place to stay while they were in Naboo. Ben had too much of a recognizable face to stay in Theed for too long, so the Lake Country was a safe place to further their research into Ben's ancestry. "If you're going to change before we meet with the King, I would do it now. We'll be in Theed shortly." Ben said to her while chuckling and shaking his head. He had been wearing the nicest cloak he owned and didn't think she needed to change clothes. She already looked stunning, but when she walked back out into the cockpit, Ben's face got red. He stood up and walked towards her. "Wow." Ben took her hand in his and kissed it. He spun her around to see what she was wearing. "I heard red was Queen Amidala's favorite color... so I thought I would start with red." She said with a sheepish smile. She looked down at her dress. It was so different than her usual Jedi garments, regardless of how extravagant those could sometimes be. She wore a white slip that clasped on her shoulders and revealed a plunging neckline. On her left shoulder was several layers of draped, blood red, sheer fabric attached to her shoulder clasp, creating a cape effect. She had attached a sheer red veil to her flower crown, as it was good decorum to have some sort of ornate headpiece when going to visit the palace in Theed. "Do you think they'll like it?" "I think they would be stupid not to." "I got something for you too.." She said with a tinge of pride in her voice, while walking towards him with a paper bundle, tied with string. "You're meeting with a king today, I thought you should look the part." He took it from her hands. He opened the paper and found a gray linen cloak, with black embroidery at the bottom, two white linen shirts with leather laces around the neckline and collar, and leather black pants with front ties. Then he found a matching pair of leather brown pants and a navy blue cloak made of a heavier material than linen. "What is all this?" "I wanted no one to have doubts as to who the most handsome man in every room was going to be on this trip. Plus, Ben," she said with a smirk, "we aren't on Vanooria anymore, you are going to pass out from heat in those wool cloaks and tunics." He half smiled, tilted his head to the side and raised his eyebrows. She was right and he was grateful for the new clothes. He stripped down and redressed in the navy blue cloak and brown pants combination. He looked as handsome as any man ever could. "If Naboo is as hot as I remember it to be, why did you give me a hood on the cloaks?" He questioned. "You have a handsome face, my love, which makes it all the more recognizable. I didn't think you'd want people knowing where you were or who you really are." "You are the smartest girl in the entire galaxy." He replied with a grin. They finally landed in Theed and were received by King Veruna II and some courtiers. They had lunch with the old King, who gave them a detailed history of his personal experiences and Naboo's history with the Jedi. He gave them lightsabers, holocrons and other relics left behind when Queen Apailana harbored Jedi who survived Order 66, and was subsequently put to death for it. He told the story of being a small boy at Padme Amidala's funeral and how her death rocked Nabooan society. Ben was enthralled in the story of his grandparents and kept asking questions to find out more. But by the second day at lunch, he was almost recognized by a nobleman who knew of General Organa, so King Veruna sent them on their way to the Lake Country. "My grandfather was the caretaker of this estate, when Queen Amidala used to stay as a child. He watched after the land long after her death too. He used to tell a story of a beautiful, secret wedding that took place on this balcony at the beginning of the Clone Wars.... I always assumed that he was talking about your grandparents.", said the groundskeeper of Varykino, a young Nabooan girl with short blonde hair as she escorted them away from the balcony overlooking the south side of the lake. "The Naberrie family doesn't come here much anymore. Too much pain is associated with this place, I imagine. She was so beautiful." The groundskeeper pointed to a portrait of Padme, Ben's grandmother, in the main hallway of Varykino. "It is good to see that her legacy lives on in a boy trying to find peace for the galaxy as well." She bowed and left the two young Jedi in front of Padme's portrait. "I can feel their presence here." Ben said, closing his eyes and letting the Force make him one with the past. "There is so much joy in this place. No confliction, no struggle, just peace and love. I wish I had known them...." He trailed off. She slowly intertwined her fingers with his, attempting to bring him back to reality from wherever his head just took him. Eyes still closed, he squeezed her hand. She stepped in between him and the portrait of his tragically young grandmother, reached her free hand up to touch his cheek and nestled her head against his chest. He opened his eyes and stroked her hair. "Let's go watch the sun setting on the balcony and then have dinner, hm?" She said, looking up at him with concern. He followed her lead. The next morning, he woke to find her dressing in a sheer pale blue dress, that had a hood, that when lowered off of her head, created a backless effect for the dress. Layers of the silky blue fabric hid how see-through the garment really was. He laid naked in the bed that they had shared the night before, the blankets covering him still. She sat down on the bed beside him. "You have to get up, we are expected at an older woman's home down the lake soon.. she has information for us... for you, about your family." Ben groaned, wrapped an arm around her waist and leaned over to kiss her leg. "I am only getting out of this bed for you and that dress." He replied, as he rested his head in her lap and she stroked his hair. They rowed down the lake some ways before reaching a stunning palatial estate, with a four-story Nabooan marble lakehouse and more land than the next three lakehouses combined. Her jaw dropped as they came across the beautiful palace. "It's kind of decrepit, no?" Ben said, grimacing. "No, look past the years of dirt and neglect. Focus on the structure, on the view, the potential.. what it used to be and could be again. It's stunning." She said as they walked into the large double doors of the front entrance. "Hello? Hello? Madam, are you here?" She yelled. A small, bent over elderly woman approached slowly from the hall. "A Naberrie, you truly are, boy!" She yelled shakily. "Please, come in. I have much to tell you, much to show you." The old woman handed her and Ben pictures of Padme as a child who used to come for treats and play with her children on the lake. She told them stories of Padme growing up and how she was beloved by the people as a young Queen and Senator. She told them of the one time that she met Anakin and that she felt his internal conflict and his struggle with the Light. They left the palace with much on their minds. She could tell how weighed down Ben was feeling with his family history. They walked onto the dock and she stopped. He turned around and she kissed him on the cheek. "Do you know how to swim?" She said with a grin, as she took off running and dove into the water below. He untied his cloak and dove in after her. They swam to a small sandy island upstream, not far from the old woman's dock. She made it before him and laid out on the white sand beach. Her sheer, pale blue dress was soaked through, clinging to her naked body underneath, leaving the layers of fabric useless as you could see everything underneath it. He climbed to shore and laid down next to her. It was humid and sunny. "You know... My mother's father.. He has left Connsu, Sifo, Arvel and I an inheritance." She said as they laid in the sun, drying off in the soft sand. "He said that when we become Jedi Knights or turn 20 in Arvel's case, we can get our money." "What is it for?" Ben asked, turning his head to look at her. "Well, Arvel isn't showing signs of being Force-sensitive so he will most likely take over the business on Vanooria when he comes of age and grandfather has passed away. Mother will help him, of course, but, the business will be Arvel's. So for him, I guess he can buy a home on a different planet, but I imagine that he will most likely just build a wing onto the Compound and live on Vanooria." She replied, talking about her youngest brother. "What about for the rest of you?" "Well, for Connsu, Sifo and I, when we receive our inheritances we can buy a home for ourselves. They don't have to be on Vanooria either. It's a very large sum. Grandfather knew that we would not make money as Jedi but he didn't want us living in the small Temple chambers for the rest of our lives or wanting for anything." "Did he think you would get married and have a family?" Ben asked, sitting up a bit. "Yes. He told us it's enough credits for us, and our children and their children. He was never quite fond of all of us becoming Jedi. I think he's just concerned that no one will take care of the business and that we will all end up living in tiny quarters like my parents chose to. He definitely wanted more for my mother...." "Isn't she happy though?" She laughed. "Yes... she is. He just wanted Mother to marry some rich business man who could help her run the business so he could retire..... It doesn't matter though." She trailed off. "Have you thought about what you would do with your money?" Ben, was shielding his eyes with his hand, trying to see the look on her face. "I like it here. Naboo is so much warmer than Vanooria and this lake country is beautiful. I like the sand and the blue water... I really loved her house..... I could move here...." "I could see you here." Ben said, sullenly. He felt like he was already becoming a part of her past, as she laid there dreaming about her future. She turned over onto her side to face him. "Do you like it here?.... say enough to be here with me when we're older...?" She said grinning. "Only if you want me here." He said, still holding a tinge of anger in his throat. She laid back in the sand, chuckled to herself and grabbed his hand off of his stomach. "Of course I want you here." She said with a smile on her sun-soaked face, her eyes closed, holding his hand against her chest. "Why else would I tell you about the inheritance, if not to get your opinion on where we should invest it?" He looked at her the same way he did before they landed in Naboo, proud of the gorgeous girl holding his hand. "We could jump off that dock and swim out to this island and do this every day. We could rehabilitate the garden in the back of her estate and I could plant plasma berry bushes and pear trees, like the garden from your visions. We'd live on the top floor of her palace and watch the sunsets from our bedroom. We could raise children here...." He turned on his side to face her. A pensive but hopeful look rested on his face. He couldn't tell if his face was warm because he was blushing or because of the sun. He kissed her bare freckled shoulder lightly. He could taste the salt from her sweat and the water on his lips. "I want that future with you....... I love you....." She had been waiting to hear those words from him. Her heart swelled and she turned her face to look at him, his body now blocking the sun from her eyes. "I love you too." He flipped back over onto his back and smiled. He pulled her hand up to his lips and kissed it, then placed it gently on his chest. They laid there talking about their future for the rest of the afternoon. Notes: I know that the prequels get a lot of hate, but I always appreciated the depth that they added to the story overall. My favorite parts, however, have always been when Anakin and Padme were at Varykino. The lakehouse scenes were always some of the most stunning and some of Padme's best wardrobe moments. I have also always appreciate the cyclical nature of Lucas' stories so I wanted to add some mirroring of Ben and Catssu's relationship and Anakin and Padme's. The Lake Country of Naboo will also be somewhat important to Ben's healing in Act II since he does feel safe and at home here. Chapter 13 : The Love-Making Summary: Back on Naboo, Ben and Cattsu continue to explore their relationship and how it will transform when they return to the Jedi Temple. They have passionate, desperate sex, knowing that everything is about to change when they leave. Notes: I'm sorry this has taken me so long, school seriously sucks. But seeing Rogue One reminder me that I always wanted to finish this out. I will be better about posting. He watched her sitting at the table across from him as they ate dinner in a candle and fireplace lit room. She had changed into a slinky black lace dress with high slits up the sides, and he was having a hard time believing that they were heading back to the Jedi Temple in the morning. "Ben, I want to tell everyone about us when we get back to Vanooria... I love you and I'll be a Jedi Knight in a year and I can buy us a home here and they can't really say no to any of that." Ben had been dreading this. He really loved Naboo - it was peaceful and warm and scenic - he didn't want to leave. They had been able to grow in their relationship and live out in the open as a couple during their time in Naboo, and he liked that singular lifestyle. The last thing that he wanted to discuss was the fact that they were going back to reality the next day and that they needed to announce their relationship. Ben placed his elbow on the table and rubbed the back of his neck, trying to relax. "So you tell Byro and I tell Luke?" "I think we should address the Council instead of doing it individually. Connsu is on it now and we know that he doesn't disagree with it all. I think to prove that we are better together, we should show a united front to them." Ben nodded. He knew she was right and that having her doing most of the talking would probably be a better idea with his quick temper. "I'm not that hungry... Should we go to bed?" Ben asked as he walked over to her and stretched out his hand. She placed her hand in his and he swept her up in his arms. Her arms were wrapped around his neck and her head was nuzzled against his chest. He still smelled a bit like the fresh water from the lake that they had gone swimming in earlier in the day. Ben laid down on the bed next to her. They laid there with their eyes closed for a time enjoying the peace and quiet of their last night together in Naboo. The last night of their uncomplicated and secret life. He stroked her up and down her arm with his fingers. "I would choose you. Always." Ben whispered to her. "Hm?" She replied just as quietly. "I would choose you, in a hundred different lifetimes, in a thousand different galaxies... in any version of reality, I know that I would find you and I would choose you. I know I would." She exhaled loudly and smiled. He went in to kiss her, his fingertips barely grazing her chin. She pushed him onto his back and climbed up on top of him. She pulled him in for a kiss, while he ran his hands up her thigh. "I love you so much." She whispered. He kissed her hard again and sat up with her still in his lap. She took the opportunity to untie his shirt and pull it over his head. He began to to unbutton all of the buttons on the back of her dress. She stood so he could pull the dress off of her. A sea of black lace suddenly pooled at her feet. She untied his pants from the sides and pulled them off of him. She climbed back on top of him and kissed down his chest. All you could hear in the room was the rustling of sheets, fire crackling and the heavy breathing of Ben. He flipped her onto her back underneath him. "I don't know how to get back to a time where I don't love you. It seems like that part of my life never even existed now. Every time I look at you, the whole world blurs - the stars, the trees, the sky, everything - it all falls away around you. I want to live my life here with you. I want to have a future. I would leave all of it for us." She said without hesitating. Her clarity and strength of feelings intoxicated him. He was possessive and intense. He wanted all of her and that was what she was offering. He began kissing her passionately, wildly... like he would never kiss her again. Their connection was strong. He took his dick in his hand and guided it inside of her. She gasped for air at the sensation of him first entering her. He began thrusting in and out of her, his hands tangled in her hair. He was kissing at her passionately in between moans. Their mouths occasionally open, ready for a kiss, but too entwined in the moment to actually complete the act. Simply breathing each other in. She placed her hand on his left shoulder and pushed him onto his back. She straddled his waist, flicked her hair over her shoulder and gripped his penis. She rested herself onto him. This was the loudest she had ever heard him moan. She moaned in unison. He had never been this deep inside of her before. She began riding him. He watched her as her tits bounced up and down with her in front of his face. He loved seeing her throw her head back and grip the sheets around him. Occasionally she would lean forward to kiss him and he would kiss her neck and breasts, causing her to moan even louder. She slowed down. Lowering herself on him and pushing down hard. She rotated her hips with him inside of her, causing him to shake and moan louder than she had ever heard him moan before. He was so deep inside of her. "I want to cum in you. I want to own you." Ben said breathily to her. This caused her spine to tingle. She liked how possessive he was of her. She wanted to be owned by him. She wanted him to mark her pussy as her territory. She picked up her pace and began riding him in such a away that he was almost slipping out of her, but she would slam back down on to him just in time. She watched as his eyes rolled back. She knew what that meant. She tightened her pelvic muscles and sped up. He thrust hard into her and stayed there. She trembled as she felt his dick begin to throb and the warm cum begin to fill her pussy. She writhed with pleasure. She collapsed on top of him, as he wrapped his arms around her. He was careful to keep inside of her. He didn't want this night to end. He didn't want to return to reality and leave this place where he felt safe and satisfied with her. "What if we say we blew a gasket and have to stay one more night while it's getting repaired?" She asked, surprising him. A grin spread across his face and he nodded. "Maybe it will take two more nights..." he said as he placed gentle kisses on her shoulder. Chapter 14 : The Conversation "Well Father, we learned a lot about Master Skywalker's father and mother and their love and the rules that were in place in terms of love.... I do not think that I realized how against the rules it was to have attachments." Cattsu said as she walked alongside her Father through the snow from their cottage to the Temple. "Have you and Master Skywalker discussed what any of the new rules will be for our Order?..." She stared at her boots crunching through the snow. "In regards to love and attachments, Luke and I understand why the Jedi were not allowed to have those feelings. It kept the Jedi from placing anyone else above the public, above their duties, above the Order. It kept everyone safe. It kept the Jedi clear-minded. However, we also understand that that rule may not be a luxury we can afford at this point. We need to repopulate the Order and the random force sensitive children throughout the galaxy are becoming too far and too few between. I fear the day may come when we have to marry you and your brothers off in order to continue the Order." "I'm sure you will find someone suitable and strong with the Force, Father." She continued staring at her feet but was grateful that her oversized hood shrouded her smile. This was exactly what she had hoped for. "What else did you learn, daughter?" They walked back to the Temple discussing her time on Naboo the whole way. When they arrived at the Temple, they heard yelling and saw all of the padawans peeking through the doors to the Council chambers. They dispersed as soon as they saw Master Dyas. He opened the doors to see Ben screaming at his uncle. "HOW... HOW... WHY DID YOU THINK THIS WAS A GOOD IDEA?!" "Ben, I know you don't get along but you're progressing so well. I just thought that this time away could have been good for all three of you. I know that your parents miss you and I thought that they should see how far you've come. I thought that they should see you off for your next mission." "I didn't ask you to bring them here. I don't want to see them. I have been doing better. My saber techniques and handle on the Force are better than they have ever been but that doesn't mean that they need to come here. THAT DOESN'T EVEN MAKE SENSE, LUKE." Ben was red with fury. Cattsu wondered how he could even be that angry, that full of rage. She watched as he continued screaming at his uncle. Then she caught his hand discreetly move down to his utility belt. His white knuckled grip tightened around the base of his lightsaber, and she held her breath.This was a side of him that she had not seen before. It frightened her. He didn't even realize that there were other people in the room. All of his ire was focused on Luke. She watched his thumb move towards the ignition button on the sword and she stepped in front of him. "Ben, we have practice.." She placed her fingers lightly on his hand. She knew her father could see her but she didn't know what else to do. She had to have faith that her touch could bring him back. "Ben....... Ben...." She repeated, gazing up at him, needing to see his eyes. He finally blinked and surveyed the room. He looked down at Cattsu and removed his hand from his weapon. "We aren't done talking about this, Luke." Ben stormed out of the Council chambers and Cattsu followed quietly behind. "BEN... stop." Ben stopped, turned towards a stone pillar and began punching it with his bare hand. He grunted and screamed incoherently as he slammed his fist against the rock several times. She ran over the cobbled stones towards him. It was the only time he had ever really heard her footsteps advancing his way. "Ben..." She whispered, visibly upset. "What have you done?" Ben sank to the ground and she sank with him. She felt the frozen ground on her knees through her dress. She cradled his mangled, bleeding hand in her lap, and examined the fingers to see what was broken. She lifted one of her hands to his cheek, and caressed it. He wouldn't look up at her. She placed his hand in his lap, got up and walked out into the field. She took a fistful of pure white snow and brought it back over to where Ben was still slumped over his shattered hand. She placed the snow on his knuckles and watched him wince. "I'm just afraid that they are going to see how well I am doing here and take it all away from me. They would take me home if they saw how much I had learned. They can't do that. I can't lose this. They can't separate us. I just can't lose you." Ben spoke to her but stared straight forward. They sat there in silence until the snow melted red on her dress. "Let's go get you fixed up." She stood and helped him get to his feet. She had never seen him so unstable and despondent. She paused outside of the medical bay door. He turned to finally meet her gaze. She thought of all of the things that she could say. She stepped towards him, reached her ice cold hand to his neck, wrapping her fingers in strands of his hair and kissed him hard. He reached his unbroken hand around her back and pulled her in to keep the kiss going. She released a sigh through her nostrils and stared at him. "I would leave here with you before I would ever let them take you from me." He closed his eyes and pressed his cheek against hers. Chapter 15 : The Greenhouse Summary: Ben shows the first signs of his strength within the Force and a new person discovers their secret... It had been eight weeks since Ben had fought with his uncle, Luke Skywalker, about an impending visit from Ben's parents. He had gotten the bandages off of his hand that he had punched into a stone pillar until it was bloody and broken. In the eight weeks since the incident, Ben had turned eighteen and Cattsu had figured out the perfect path between their bed chambers at night. They had slept together almost every single night for two months. They had not gone on any missions. He had not melted down again and she had been trying to keep it that way. Her attempts to keep him stable were made easier by the fact that Master Skywalker and Master Dyas had been locked in the Council chamber for a few weeks, and Connsu had been going on missions with all of the younglings on the compound. Unable to grip his saber, Ben had withdrawn deeper into their secret relationship and deeper into his relationship with the Force. He walked through the foggy glass double doors of the greenhouse and saw the girl that he loved so deeply, for over a year, tending to the flowers. Her turquoise wool cloak neatly folded on the bench by the doors. He placed his heavy, dark gray cloak over hers and walked towards her. He caught her stunning green eyes as she looked up at the sound of his distinctly heavy footsteps. "So....? What did the doctor say?" She smiled at him. He looked down at his hand, stretching and tightening his fingers in a way that he could not just a couple of weeks before. He reached down for his lightsaber and pulled it off his utility belt. He wrapped his fingers around the grips and watched her face as he turned it on. She was thrilled. "Oh Ben!" She ran towards him, throwing her basket of neatly cut flowers aside. "I'm so happy he cleared you." He retracted the blade back into the base and clipped it back onto his belt, in time for Cattsu to wrap her arms around his neck and kiss him. He took his once crippled hand and ran it through her long mane, scrunching her strands in his fingers because he finally could again. He no longer had to sit in the archives all day, reading through the data files he received about his late grandfather on Naboo. He had felt himself growing attached, empathetic and understanding of the man that turned into Darth Vader. The way Ben saw it; all Anakin wanted was to love and be loved in return. Ben understood that feeling. He understood how Anakin must have felt when everyone was trying to keep him from what he wanted and needed. What Ben wanted and needed was standing right in front of him, examining his hand and tracing the scars on his knuckles. "Do you want to see if I can still take you on?" Ben said with a boyish grin. Cattsu tilted her head and smiled. She walked back to her basket of flowers, gathered them up and placed them out of the walkway. Ben watched as she rose from the ground, turned and extended her arm, with her lightsaber in hand. He grinned, stretched and tightened his fingers again and reached for his weapon once more. He pressed the ignition and the gray shimmering blade emerged from his hilt. He stepped toward her and watched as she stood still. She waited until the last moment before flicking her lightsaber on and placing it in front of his descending blade. They danced around the room, their lightsabers sparking off of each other. He watched as she went to step backwards, almost stepping in her basket of carefully picked flowers, crushing all of them and he reached out. Suddenly, she was still. Her face, her eyes, her saber, and her body were all frozen in place. He stared at her for a moment and then lowered his hand. In a moment, she fell to the ground, lightsaber closing, basket crunching and a quiet "Ow..." He raced towards her. "Are you okay?" Ben asked as he got on his knees in front of her. "Just a little bruised, I think....." She stared at him. He could tell she was holding back fear. "How did you do that? I've never seen a Jedi freeze a person like that before..." "I don't know... I saw you were about to trip and get hurt and I just reached out for you and you froze.. I don't know how it happened.... Are you hurt?" "I couldn't move at all, Ben. I could barely breathe. Have you done that before?" "I don't think so... I'm sorry. I didn't mean..." "I know you didn't... it's fine. At least I know that your hand is going to be fine." She forced a chuckle, as he helped her to her feet. "I am glad that your hand is better, and I'm grateful to have my sparring partner back..." Ben dusted off her lightsaber and clipped it back onto her utility belt. He wrapped his arms around her and brought her face close for a kiss. They did not notice Master Sifo Dyas had been watching them spar through the glass doors. He looked on as Ben helped his daughter up and then moved in for a kiss. He quickly stumbled backwards as to not be seen by them. Their secret was blown. Chapter 16 : The Arrival Summary: Ben Solo's parents, Han Solo and Leia Organa, finally arrive on Vanooria after more than a year of not seeing their son. It is not only a social visit, however, General Organa brings news of a new threat rising in the Galaxy to the Jedi: a being named Snoke. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The compound was empty with the exception of Byro, who stayed behind to guard the Temple. Weeks before, the Masters had laid out assignments for everyone and each capable Jedi was to go to several planets and find Force-sensitive children to recruit into the Order. Connsu and Luke were to take all of the younglings to to Ilum to collect their kyber crystals and build their lightsabers in The Gathering ceremony. Ben was headed to Ryloth to investigate two Force-sensitive Twi-lek children, and Cattsu and, her younger brother, Sifo were to go to Shili and Dorin to investigate a handful of hopeful future Jedi initiates. Ben had been having a very hard time on his ship without Cattsu, the nightmares had returned and had come back stronger than ever before. He returned before anyone else, having secured only one recruit. He, Connsu, Luke, Byro and all of the new Jedi younglings gathered at the landing pad to see Cattsu and her five new recruits, including one that had the whole compound buzzing. Ben watched as Cattsu, a vision in silver and crystals, stepped off of the ship with one baby, three small children and one teen-aged Togruta girl. He watched as the Masters and caretakers escorted her and the new children out of the room. She scanned the room for him as she was being accompanied out of the landing bay, but only caught a glance for a moment before the automatic doors shut behind her. He was alone again. Sullenly, he walked to the Council chamber to watch the Masters test the new recruits and to hear why Cattsu brought a girl around their age back to the Temple. Their eyes connected as he walked through the door. She stood at the front of the room presenting her findings and explaining how she found Shaak Tano, the young Togruta girl with incredible knowledge of the Force. "... claims to be the granddaughter of Ahsoka Tano, former padawan of Anakin Skywalker, Master Luke..." Ben had been zoned out, thinking about how he could get Cattsu alone after the meeting was over, until he heard her say his grandfather's name. This girl was claiming to be the descendent of Anakin's only padawan learner. He was intrigued. "I think we will finish the final tests tomorrow. We should close this meeting, Byro." Luke said. "We will join everyone at the banquet at sundown... Cattsu, Shaak please remain behind." Ben watched as the chamber door shut between him, the girl and Cattsu. He would have to wait until the dinner to reunite with his love. He walked into the banquet hall and saw his beautiful vision in silver again. She looked up from her conversation, smiled at him and slid over on the long bench. He walked over and sat down next to her. "Hi..." he whispered. "Hi.." she whispered back and subtly took his hand under the table. Her touch was electric. He wanted more. "Tonight?" She asked. "I'll be waiting." He listened to Shaak tell stories about her grandmother and the adventures she went on with Ben's grandfather, and to Cattsu explain how she followed some rumors she had heard and found Shaak. Connsu began talking about the Gathering when Cattsu reached her leg under the bench and hooked it around Ben's. She had been gone for almost two months, she just wanted to touch him. He stared straight ahead as he rested his hand on her leg and felt her delicate fingers interlace with his. He was finally at peace. She left the dinner first and was getting ready to leave her bed chamber to go see Ben when she heard the low hum of a star ship. She looked out her window to see the snow reflecting a bright light and lighting up the sky. She threw on a heavy outer tunic, a black wool cloak and grabbed her lightsaber as she ran out the door to the front of the Temple grounds. When she reached the dauntingly large front doors she saw the ship setting down in the landing bay. She ran back to where the ship docked to see her mother and father, Luke, Connsu and Ben waiting. She walked up beside her brother, on the end of the line of receivers. "Connsu, what is going on?" She whispered. "I told Dad to tell you, but he said that he wanted to let you sleep after your journey." In that moment, the doors opened and a golden plated protocol droid shuffled out, and Luke stepped forward. A beautiful woman and a handsome man followed and embraced the Jedi Master. Cattsu knew immediately who these people were. "Ben!" The woman yelled and ran over to the line to hug him. Han Solo, General Organa and Ben made their way through the short receiving line with Ben introducing them to each new person. Cattsu fidgeted with her thrown-together garments and hair. "This is Cattsu Dyas, soon-to-be Jedi Knight and the only daughter of Master Byro." Ben announced to his parents. "Nice to meet you, kid." Han replied. Leia nodded and Ben stared blankly ahead. "Luke, Master Dyas, we need to talk about Snoke." Leia said in her raspy voice. Luke and Byro followed Han and Leia out of the landing bay and towards the Council chamber. The crowd dispersed leaving just Ben and Cattsu behind. "Did you know that they were coming?" "I found out after the banquet. It was all last minute from what Luke said." "Who is Snoke?" Cattsu asked, concerned. "I don't know but my parents clearly did not just come here to see me. I don't think it's safe for us to meet tonight. I'll see you tomorrow." Ben walked out of the landing bay into the icy night air, and Cattsu was left standing alone. Notes: I was very much inspired by Star Wars: The Clone Wars tv series for this chapter. The episode The Gathering is one of my all time favorite's because it goes in depth on how Jedi get their lightsabers. I also have always loved the characters of Ahsoka Tano and Shaak Ti. They were two strong female leads who both happened to be Togruta. I wanted to give Cattsu an outlet that was female and talented but who also understood things about Ben's family. I also wanted to started progressing the story so that the Order is expanding and making themselves better known in the galaxy as an emerging Jedi force, and also move it towards Ben's ultimate mission: a double agent. Chapter 17 : The Confidant Summary: Ben's parents, Han Solo and Leia Organa have left Vanooria, but not before leaving Ben even more on edge than ever before. His only solace is found in her presence. Ben and Cattsu have become Jedi Knights and have become advanced in their powers. Both have gained padawan learners as their apprentices, with Sifo-Dyas as Ben's padawan, and Shaak Tano as Cattsu's. One night while, sneaking out of Ben's bed, Cattsu is caught. He laid in bed listening to her breathing mixed with the sounds of the pilot fire crackling. He ran his fingers through her hair and watched as she gently moved as his chest expanded. This was the only time of day that he was not on edge. He felt safe and comfortable. He hadn't felt that way once in the whole month that his parents were at the Temple. They watched him go through the ceremony of becoming a Jedi Knight, receive Cattsu's younger brother, Sifo, as a padawan learner, and begin training the younglings in the ways of the Force. But their visit was shrouded in a veil of darkness. He always thought that when they came to Vanooria, he would be forced to leave with them, but they mostly stayed in locked rooms or spoke in hushed tones with the Masters. When they left, and left without him, he was relieved. His relief always left him at the the first sign of daylight. It had been two and a half years together and still the only person who knew about their relationship was her older brother, Connsu. Sneaking around the Temple grounds to be alone with one another had become a part of their every day life. "My love," Ben nudged her awake as a faint light began to spill into the bed chamber through the window, "wake up, my love." "Is it really time already?" She said as she traced imaginary lines on his bare, chiseled chest. "We could draw the blinds and block the door and just hold up in here for the rest of the day, or just sneak to the ship hanger, steal a cruiser and go to Naboo. We need to finalize the contracts on the lakehouse anyway. Plus it's been too long since we've been back there." "I wish..." She replied in a dreamy but solemn tone. "I have to go back to my room and sleep a bit longer." She kissed him longingly on the lips and got up to get dressed. He watched as she slipped in her tunic and robe and shoes and raise her cloak over her shoulders. "I love you." "I love you." She leaned over and kissed him, then stepped out the door. "Cattsu...?" Cattsu looked up. She had just shut the door behind her and was about to turn to walk back to her bed chamber when she was confronted by her new padawan learner, Shaak Tano. "Shaak.. what are you doing out here so early?" "I could ask the same of you, Master." Cattsu grimaced. "... uh, but I was walking to the practice room to work on my Force techniques. I didn't mean to interrupt anything." "You didn't, young padawan. You should be on your way. You could use the practice." Cattsu said as she turned to keep walking to her room. At dinner, later that night, Cattsu confronted her padawan. She knew that Shaak would keep her secret without asking but if she wanted to continue to have trust in their relationship, Cattsu felt it was necessary to to tell her what was really going on. She pulled her outside and walked the Temple grounds with the padawan, explaining everything that had happened in the past two years and how they always meant to tell everyone but the timing never seemed to be right. "I know you are my Master, but I also consider you my friend. You found me and took me out of that life of squalor and concealment. You allowed me to not live in fear of my abilities, or being persecuted for them. I will always keep your secrets for you. I owe you my life, Master." "Thank you, Shaak. I promise that one day we will tell them, but that day is not upon us yet." "Yes, Master." Cattsu put her arm around Shaak's shoulder and escorted her back to the dining hall, assured by the knowledge that her secret was safe for now. Chapter 18 : The Virus Summary: Ben and Cattsu secure the funding for their home in the Naboo lake country. They take a bath together to have some intimate alone time and to discuss the specifics of what they both want in their futures. In the middle of their intimate moment, they are interrupted by Cattsu's padawan, Shaak Tano, who has come to deliver some dire news. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) She closed the door, locked it behind her and began undressing. "Well, Grandfather knows... He was fine with it. He didn't seem very happy that you are also a Jedi but he did seem happy that I was planning on marrying and having children." Cattsu explained as she disrobed. "So he'll help us with the purchase, make sure that it remains a secret?" "Yes. The Lakehouse is ours." She said with a grin as she lowered herself into the large bath that Ben was already soaking in. She nestled up against his body and relaxed in the steaming water. "So.... I think we need to talk about some serious matters." "Like what?" "Like our future... what we want. We've always discussed marriage and children and what we want out of our lives in the Order, but we've never spoken about details, Ben." "Alright, well I want children." She laughed. "I do too, and two or three might be nice, but I am unsure if I want more than that. And I want to be married to you, Ben. I want to spend our life in the lakecountry. I know that we must spend time here, at the Temple, but the estate in Naboo has more than enough room to house retreats for Jedi-in-training. We can always set up a base there and not have to come back and forth between Vanooria and Naboo as often." "If you think Connsu would allow that." "I think he would." "Then that's what we shall do." Ben replied, happily. He pulled her in tightly against him. The water swayed with their movements. He began kissing her neck and shoulders, and caressing her breasts. He reached a hand around her stomach and lowered two fingers into her pussy. She let out a quiet moan. She melted into him, raised her arms to lock around the back of his neck and grabbed a fistful of hair as he continued rubbing her clit. She could feel his thick cock hardening against her back. She reached under the water and began playing with his balls. Suddenly, as the moment began to escalate, Ben and Cattsu were interrupted by a light knocking on the door. "Master...." The voice whispered. "Master, I'm sorry..." "Shaak, now is not the time... I'll find you later." Cattsu replied quickly as Ben was now holding her in his lap and rubbing the head of his hard cock against the lips of her pussy and kissing her neck and tits. "Master, I wish I could but it's urgent. Master Dyas sent me to find you." Shaak said feebly through the door. Cattsu knew that Shaak wouldn't be bothering her unless it was an emergency, and her Father would not be up this late in the night if something was not going on. She stepped out of the bath, dried off, and began getting dressed. He followed behind her. When they walked out of the bath chamber, Cattsu's padawan stopped her. "Master, you need to put your hair up. They will realize that something is going on if you both go in there with wet hair.." Cattsu nodded and began tying her hair up on her head. "What's going on, Shaak?" Ben asked as they began walking towards the main Temple building. "It's Master Connsu and the younglings... they're in the medical bay...." With that, Cattsu and Ben took off running. She swung the doors to the medical bay open and saw her brothers, parents, Luke and the rest of the younglings standing amongst the medical beds. "What happened?" Cattsu said frantically to her father, as she ran to her older brother's bedside and wrapped her hand around his. "Connsu had the new younglings with him on the way to The Gathering, and they stopped on a nearby planet to investigate some Force-sensitive children and someone attacked them." Byro said to his daughter. "It is the Luf Virus." The medical droid informed the Jedi Knights. "Will they get better?" Ben asked, while wiping the sweat off of the brow of his favorite new Youngling, a young Mon-Calamari boy named Ewenhi. "Were all of them infected?" "From what we've gathered, five of them had returned to the ship already when the other twelve and Connsu were attacked. Connsu has improved since we got him back and administered the antidote, but I fear that the children, with their weaker immunities, will not get better." Luke told his nephew. "It will be a slow and painful process. It may take weeks until they expire." The medical droid explained to the group. Sifo and Arvel joined their sister at their eldest brother's bedside and Ben watched on, wanting nothing more than to be right next to all of them, comforting them. "Ben... Cattsu.. we need to see you in the Council chamber." Luke interrupted. "Is now really the time for Jedi matters, Uncle, you can't be serious!" Ben shouted at his Master, startling most in the room and causing the healthy younglings to cry harder. "Yes... It is time we talked." Luke said sternly. Notes: This is truly the beginning of the end of Act 1. There are only two more chapters left and then we will be moving to a time after the Force Awakens. I am actually very excited to move on to that aspect of this story. If not just for a change of pace and for some new character developments. Chapter 19 : The Mission Summary: Luke and Byro finally explain what all of their secret meetings have been about. They divulge to Ben and Cattsu that there is an emerging threat in the galaxy and it is known as The First Order. They discuss the plan that they've come up with to get someone on the inside to gain the trust of the powerful and evil Snoke. They then explain that they want their double agent to be Ben. Ben and Cattsu flee the Jedi Temple for Naboo. They stood in front of the Masters and waited for them to speak. Master Luke Skywalker, Ben Solo's uncle sat silently, as Master Byro-Dyas broke the silence. "Ben.. When your parents came here, they brought with them news that the Resistance intelligence officers had gathered about a growing threat in the outer reaches of the galaxy. We aren't entirely sure where he came from but we know his name is Snoke and that his followers are calling themselves 'The First Order'." "What does this have to do with me and why did this have to be told to us tonight. We should be in the medical bay with everyone else?" Ben said frustratedly. "We have been in here for months trying to figure out the solution to this dilemma. We have been meditating and trying to ascertain what the future may hold with this man and his group, and finally, we devised a plan. We have an opportunity now to execute that plan." Luke said. "The information that we have received about Snoke and the First Order is a disturbing reminder about the beginnings of the Empire." Byro explained. "The issue is that... this is a young Jedi Order and the New Republic and the Resistance do no have the resources to to fight a new enemy." Luke trailed off. "... We need time to gather more intelligence and train more Jedi." "And am I a part of this plan?" Ben asked all bothered. "Yes. You are well known throughout the galaxy. People know that you are my nephew and Leia's son and Anakin Skywalker's grandson. You're arguably the most well known Jedi besides myself and that makes you valuable to them. You are the son of the most famous Resistance fighters and that could imply that you have information. This Snoke... he is incredibly powerful and incredibly dangerous and very much veiled in the Dark Side of the Force." "We decided that you would be the perfect double agent. You are someone that Snoke would want and would find pride in corrupting with the Dark Side. We had just been waiting for the opportunity to get his attention directed towards you." Byro explained. Cattsu sat down in one of the empty chairs. She felt like she was going to be sick. Not only did they want to take Ben away from her but they wanted to put him in an unbelievably dangerous situation. Her mind was going in a thousand different directions. "So why did you need to bring Cattsu in here for all of this!?" Ben yelled as he gestured at her sitting behind him. "Bringing my daughter here was a courtesy to the both of you." Byro snapped at Ben in an aggrevated tone. "Father....." Cattsu rose to her feet and stood next to Ben, who used his arm to position her behind him defensively. "We have known about your relationship for quite some time now and while I wanted to end it, Luke felt that my daughter has been a positive influence on your life, Ben, so out of respect for whatever future plans you had together, Luke felt that it was necessary that Cattsu heard the plan as well." "Wait....." Ben looked confused. "I don't understand why you're telling me all of this now. What is the opportunity that you suddenly see?" Luke and Byro looked at each other with dour expressions. "The younglings are not going to get better. They are going to die. It's just a matter of time." Luke said solemnly. "We have found out that the Knights of Ren, a dark side military organization, who have connections to Snoke and the First Order, have taken up residence on Devaron, nearby an abandoned Jedi Temple. We think that you can meet their initiation standards and get an introduction to Snoke.... Once the Younglings have all passed, you and Luke will bring them to the Temple on Devaron and you will make it look like you have murdered all of them. We want it to seem as though you have snuffed out your uncle's fledgling Order, but make it so that he just manages to escape." "Masters, this is sick. This is so wrong. You cannot ask Ben to do this. You cannot ask anyone to do this. There has to be another way." Cattsu pleaded with disgust. "I wish that there were. The Knights of Ren believe in initiation through death. This is the only way that we have seen could work. We've contacted your parents and they are on their way here. You will have to commit some horrific acts of terror and murder to gain Snoke's complete trust, but once you do, you are to take him out. Hopefully this all transpires before the First Order gets a real foothold in the galaxy. Then you can come home and you will be a hero to everyone." Luke interrupted Byro. "Ben... we can't force you to do this. It is a lot to ask. Most missions, you would not get a say in the matter, but this mission... you may not come back from it. It is important though. I know you've seen visions. I know you are haunted by them. I can feel it. You know what this beast is capable of... what he could do. We can give you about five days to think about it before we need an answer, and then we will spend the last couple of weeks before the children begin to expire training you for this mission." Cattsu dropped to her knees. It was all too much. She felt the pit in her throat grow larger. She was going to be sick. She scrambled to her feet and ran out the door into the icy cold air. Ben ran after her. He found her vomiting in the snow, propping herself up against a pillar to keep from falling over. "Go to your room, I will be right there." Ben said as he ran off in the direction of his bed chamber. She had only just made it through the door when it opened behind her. She spun around to see Ben, crazy-eyed, shaking and panting from running. He had an untied bag in his hand. "Change your clothes.... quickly!" She began to slip out of the garments that she had been sick on and into a different tunic and cloak. She watched as he grabbed pieces of her clothing, her perfume, her hairbrush, and shoes and shoved them into the open bag. There was so much going on that she had not even realized that she was running until she almost slipped on the frozen stones. She clutched his arm tighter and they continued on. It was only once the doors to the ship hangar opened, that she realized that they were fleeing. She felt relief. "R-12, set a course for Naboo and get us out of here immediately." He shouted at the astromech droid. She looked over at him in his seat and stared. She reached out for his hand. He placed his in hers and they watched each other with blank expressions as they made their way off of Vanooria. Chapter 20 : The Decision Summary: Ben and Cattsu flee to Naboo lake country in the wake of the news of Ben's mission. They ignore the decision that Ben has to make and instead spend their days having sex and fixing up their new estate, Portum. They marry in secret, in the same place that his grandparents did before him, and they finally reach a decision: it's time for Ben to leave. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It had been three days since they had gotten to their newly purchased lake house on Naboo. They had been staying at Varykino, Padme Naberrie's family home, while they worked on their own new home. Every day, they would wake up, make love, swim to their house, and work on restoring the estate to its former glory. She had gone to the capital to purchase furnishings for their bedroom, while Ben worked on the garden. They had not discussed the mission since leaving Vanooria. Ben knew that avoiding the subject would only last for so much longer. He was planting the last plasma berry bush when he heard shouting inside the house. "... the middle room on the left, on the fourth floor. It all goes up there... I'll be up in a moment to help you all place the furniture." Cattsu yelled to the young men who were moving a beautiful wooden bedroom set upstairs. "They finished putting in the new floors up there, right?" She said to Ben as she saw him approaching. "Right after you left." He nodded, as he wiped the dirt off of his hands with a rag. "They were finishing up with the second floor the last time I checked in. I can go up and check now, if you want." "I would rather you come up and help me decide where everything goes in our bedroom." She smiled and wrapped her fingers around his. They walked upstairs together and he watched as she directed the movers around the room. He wondered to himself if he would ever really get to enjoy this place with her... if all of the plans that they had made were going to be in vain. His downward thought spiral was interrupted by her voice. "Ben?... Ben, what do you think?" Ben looked around and realized that she had laid out a perfect bedroom for the two of them. He chuckled to himself because he knew that she didn't actually need his help configuring the set up. "It looks wonderful." He smiled. Ben realized that the room was turning a dreamy shade of orange and that the day was slipping away. "We should get back to Varykino for dinner." She nodded, they paid the men and returned to the Naberrie retreat house. They chatted through dinner about what would go in each room and how they would fill the house with children and happiness. Ben was finding it hard to be present in the moment. He felt the weight of his responsibilities crushing him. He knew that Snoke was dangerous. He had already raised an army, conquered the outer reaches, and was taking over the Outer Rim territories. Ben understood that in order for all that he wanted with Cattsu to come true that Snoke couldn't remain in the picture. He posed too great a threat. A risk that could not be ignored. After dinner, they gathered water and breakfast for the following day, and began rowing back to their new home. "Cattsu..." She cut him off. "I was thinking about the name of the estate, and I thought that 'Portum' could be good.... It means 'haven'. I think that it could be that for us... and for you when you get back from your mission...." Ben stopped rowing and leaned forward to touch the woman he loved. The small boat swayed side to side with his movement. He grabbed her hands in his. "I haven't made my decision yet. I can..." "You have to go. We tried fighting your visions but everything that they said is coming to pass anyway. I know you know this." She interrupted, remaining strong. "I'm afraid I'll fall to the Dark Side...." He revealed as his head dropped into her hands. "If you find yourself wavering, escape to here, Ben. Find an excuse to get away and come home to me. I will bring you back into the light. I'll be your anchor. This place will be your anchor." Ben picked up the oars and began rowing vigorously back to their estate. He tied the boat up to the dock and picked up the basket of food. She was bent over in the foyer, igniting a pilot fire, when he wrapped his arms around her waist from behind. She stood up and pushed back against his chest, wrapping her arms around his. Suddenly, he scooped her up and began carrying her to the stairs. They laid in their brand new bed and made desperate, passionate love all night. They barely slept a wink. When the sunlight broke through the massive windows in their bedroom, Ben sat up and began getting dressed. "I need to go into Theed to do something. Can you meet me at Varykino before sunset?" Ben said as he pulled his pants off of the floor. She nodded and watched him walk out the door. She spent most of the morning and afternoon directing the workers around the estate and repairing the detached cottage in the garden. As the daylight began to wane, she returned to Varykino and waited for Ben. "Madam... Master Solo has returned. He requests that you change into this and meet him on the terrace." The young Varykino servant girl said to Cattsu, as she handed her a package covered in shiny gray paper. Cattsu waited for the servant to leave the room and opened the package carefully. When she pulled back the wrapping, she picked up a stunning white lace dress and veil. The veil was delicate and old and had gold beading swirling throughout. She got dressed and stepped outside onto the terrace. Ben looked up when he heard her footsteps and was transfixed. He ran up to her, looking as handsome as she had ever seen him look. "You could have warned me that this was what you had planned for today..." She said with a small smirk. "If you don't want to, we do..." "Marry me, Ben Solo. Please... I couldn't imagine a more perfect time or place." Ben smiled huge. He was relieved. "I needed to go to the Naberrie's and get Padme's dress. I thought it was fitting. I got it altered to fit you correctly but the veil is exactly the same. I have an officiant here who can do the ceremony right now... If you want." "I do." "I didn't want to go on this mission without knowing that your heart and soul belonged to me. By the grace of the Force and the law of the Republic." Ben said quietly, while holding her face up against his. "I am perpetually yours." They walked over to the officiant, standing at the edge of the terrace, with only the servants and groundskeepers as witnesses. They exchanged vows as the sun set. The witnesses quietly applauded as Ben and Cattsu kissed, sealing their commitment. They spent the rest of the night laying in front of the giant fireplace in the main living room of Portum, naked and holding each other. The next day they left their haven and returned to Vanooria. She spent the next few weeks, aiding her older brother in the medical bay as his health returned, and attempting to keep the sick and ailing younglings from getting worse any faster than they had to. It was selfish to leave them in pain and suffering but it halted her pain and suffering for the time being. Ben spent the next few weeks training vigorously with Master Skywalker and Master Dyas. The most important lesson was how to use the Force to conceal his true intentions and true mission. He needed to be able to hide in plain sight from Snoke. Twenty-two days after their wedding on Naboo, the first Youngling died. By the twenty-fourth day, they all followed in death. The children's time was up and so was Ben and Cattsu's. That evening, he stopped her from following him from their bed chamber to the landing bay. "The next few days will be dangerous... and furthermore, if you stand with my parents, your parents, and everyone else in the landing bay and watch Luke and I leave, I don't think I could actually go through with it. I don't think I'd be strong enough to leave." Ben said, as he held her by her wrist. "Ben.. no..." She protested. "Go to Naboo... Stay there until you hear word from Luke that it all went off without issue. Bring your brothers and Shaak and be safe. Please." He pleaded with her. She knew he was right. "I love you, husband." She whispered, as tears streamed down her face. "I love you, until the day that I die." His voice cracked. "I will love you always... Wife." He kissed her hard on the mouth. He tasted the saltiness of her tears on his lips. "Go. I'll get a ship together and warn your brothers." He let go of her wrist and headed to the door. The icy wind stung her wet face. He turned around and looked at her, as he stood in the doorway. He made a mental picture of her. "I'll see you when it's all over." With that, the door shut behind him and she fell to the floor. She sat there sobbing until her younger brother, Sifo, came into the room. "Shaak is coming to pack you a bag. We have to go before Ben does." Sifo said in as stern of a tone as he could muster. She could tell he was also distraught. Sifo had grown attached of his master. He picked his older sister off of the floor and sat her on the bed. He sat next to her and held her hand as he watched Shaak run into the room and gather up her master's belongings. Shaak tied up the bag and nodded to Sifo. It was time. They all walked down to the landing bay, where Connsu, and the youngest brother, Arvel, were waiting and checking the ship. Sifo escorted his sister on board and they readied for take off. Ben flinched when he heard the ship jump to hyperspace. Now it was his turn. He tied around his neck, the heaviest black wool cloak that he owned. It was monstrous and gloomy. He was in mourning. His old life was dead the second she left the planet's surface. He walked to the landing bay to see his father holding his mother as she cried. Master Byro Dyas nodded to Ben from the crowd of people who came to see him off. Ben looked over to Luke, standing next to the ship, directing the last floating medical bed into the cargo hold. He hugged his mother and father goodbye and got on the ship with his uncle. He blocked out the landing on Devaron. He blocked out the placing of dead bodies of small children that he knew and trained and became fond of around the Temple. He blocked out the way that their flesh tore and sizzled at the touch of his lightsaber. He blocked out his uncle leaving him and wishing him good luck. The next thing he remembered was sitting at the steps of the Temple on Devaron, bodies strewn about him, and a group of dark-cloaked men walking toward him. It was the Knights of Ren. Notes: First of all, Rest in Peace, Carrie Fisher. What an unbelievable loss today. I am devastated. What an inspiring and noteworthy role model she was for me as a little girl and as an adult. So, thank you, General Organa. The Force is always with you. Second of all, I mentioned before how George Lucas liked to do his storytelling in a cyclical nature and I wanted to pay homage to that because I always loved that he does that. The scene when Anakin and Padme secretly marry at Varykino is one of the most visually stunning scenes, and then you add John Williams' score to it and it is a truly stunning piece of the Star Wars saga. I wanted to have Ben and Cattsu really mirror the positive aspects of Anakin and Padme's relationship. Lastly, this is the end of Act One. I will create a Second Act that will pick up after the events of the Force Awakens. It will be a world in which Ben has fulfilled his mission and killed Supreme Leader Snoke. It will dive into what life is like after the First Order is gone, and his struggle between who he is: Ben Solo, Kylo Ren or neither. I hope you all enjoyed the first act and thank you for reading.