The First Morning The chime of the alarm pierced through the blanket of sleep enveloping General Hux. He blinked his eyes slowly as the covers next to him rustled and a dark head raised up off his chest. “What time is it?” Kylo's deep voice was rough edged with sleep, eyes owlish in the dim artificial light. Hux stretched his arms out, giving a light squeeze to the other man's shoulder, relishing the warmth. “It's early, about.. 5 hours into the morning cycle.” A muffled groan as the other man collapsed back down, cocooning himself in the duvet, legs pulled up, only a nest of curls sticking out haphazardly. “Why exactly are you awake at this time?” Hux felt a brief flash of irritation, of course Kylo Ren had no schedule, the only person he appeared to answer to was Supreme Leader Snoke. He ran his hands through his mussed up hair, stretching his shoulders. “Unlike you, Lord Ren, some of us have important duties to attend to. We are reaching the final stages for Starkiller Base and I refuse to cut any corners. Unfortunately that means I must oversee most of the project myself.” He felt a shift behind him, the other man emerging as long fingers began rubbing across his shoulders. He tensed a little, suddenly aware of the situation, he was naked in bed with a dangerous force user, an unstable man who'd damaged the ship too often to count, a man who apparently had some infatuation with him, who was pliant to his touch, who made the most delicious noises, who had the most innocent brown eyes he'd ever seen and... shit. He wanted more. Kylo's stomach jolted as the red-haired man turned to face him, pale face unsure, an aura of nervousness suddenly apparent. Eyes wide he began chewing his lip, this was it, the brush off he'd been waiting for, 'I had a lovely night but...' “Listen, Kylo... I'm not sure what you were expecting out of this but...” Brown eyes darkened to near black, “No it's fine, I'll get out of here,” Kylo's teeth gritted in barely concealed pain before he breathed deep, he could use this, channel it, it would make him stronger. Ginger eyebrows raised in confusion and Hux was thrown back 20 years, a gangly pale teenager trying to ask out his first crush. Kylo had wrestled himself out the blankets and moved to stand angrily, the dark cloud of the force causing pressure in his head. Hux reacted automatically, rising to stretch out and grab a slim wrist. Kylo glowered in front of him unconcerned with their nakedness. “Wait! You didn't let me finish! I was just going to...” he looked up fleetingly at the taller man, the ghost of a smile playing around his lips, “to ask if you maybe, might want to join me for dinner. Some time. If you wanted.” The dark-haired man blinked, suddenly jolted from his fog of rage, “I... wait, what?” A coy smile, “I'd like to get to know you better.” Hux moved his hand downwards entangling their fingers, “Besides, last night was too good to only happen once.” Kylo felt the tips of his ears begin to burn, heat dappling across his cheeks, eyes finally meeting the shorter man's, “I... you... it was okay?” He cursed inwardly, cringing at himself, oh yes insecurity, that was attractive. Hux's chest fluttered, the desire to comfort the younger man overwhelming, to reassure him somehow. He settled for pressing their lips together in a soft kiss. Their naked bodies pulled flush, warmth blossoming in the early morning chill. “I need to get ready but you are welcome to sleep here a while. I hope you'll consider my offer of dinner,” Hux found his voice quieting, “please feel free to comm me if you have time.” A deep gaze, eyes unfathomable, “I'd like that.” Somehow Hux managed to tear himself away, dressing briskly, hair slicked back, uniform crisp. A light snore came from his bed as he pulled on his cap, exiting to begin his duties. *** It was near the middle of the day before Hux saw the other man again. A flourish of black robes fluttered in the corner of his eye as the imposing masked figure passed by the bridge. If any of the crew noticed the slight limp the knight was sporting, they neglected to mention it. Hux felt the colour rising to his cheeks with a hint of pride, a sudden vision of the younger man sprawled beneath him, startling him with its intensity. The heat of Ren's gaze was evident through the blank eyes of the mask, following him as he inspected workstations, a coy smile about his lips. Kylo tracked the General across the crowded bridge chewing his lip distractedly, glad for the stoic face of his mask. He'd waited longer than usual for his customary tour of the ship, not wanting to seem over-eager and still slightly sore. He was late for his Force meditations but found he just couldn't find any rage within himself at that point, only butterflies and warmth. The general glowed, a point of brightness amid the dull grey uniforms, brushing back a single amber hair that had dared break regiment. Kylo breathed deeply, ready to approach the older man, even just to talk for a moment. The command bridge of the Finalizer was a hive of activity at this time of day with instructions, materials and troops ferrying back and forth from the base below. Officers darted from station to station, data pads in hand. Hux running an eye over everything. He noted Kylo making his way across the bridge, parting officers in his wake. A mouse droid zoomed around Kylo's legs towards him beeping with a message from the lower levels. “General.” Kylo stood stiff in front of the older man gladder than ever at the black faceplate covering what he was sure was a ridiculous smile, Hux maintained his composure, spine straight, only the slight crinkling around his eyes betraying his pleasure at seeing the younger man. “Anything I can help you with Lord Ren?” As much as he'd like to linger, Phasma had called him to the Stormtrooper training complex, the other end of the ship. “I'm afraid I'm needed elsewhere right now, we have a new batch of Stormtroopers beginning their combat training rotation I need to address.” A small twitch of a slim eyebrow, “Afterwards I must locate a late ore shipment from Feruus Major, which unfortunately requires my presence planetside this evening.” He lifted his eyes to meet black transparasteel in apology. Kylo's smile fell, disappointment curling in his stomach. Unconsciously stiffening his posture he snapped his gaze away from pale blue-green that threatened to drown him. “I see. I trust this will not affect our plans General.” Hux allowed himself a subtle quirk of the lips, he could picture the pouting face behind the mask, it was just too adorable. Part of him wanted to ask Kylo to join him on the surface but there was just so much to do, he would be better off without any distractions, pleasurable as they may be. “There is no reason to change our plans Lord Ren, this is just a minor setback. Starkiller will not be affected and I should not be delayed more than a day or so.” He attempted a wink at the taller man only to hear a choking sound behind the voice modulator that sounded suspiciously like barely suppressed laughter. Flushing slightly he turned on his heel to stride towards the turbolifts, brushing his arm against Kylo's as he departed. The Knight wavered for a second before turning back to the bridge consoles, figuring it would be best not to follow the general around like a lovesick cadet. The spot on his arm tingled beneath dark fabric despite the briefness of the touch. It would only be a day or so, he could wait until then. Holding in a sigh Kylo departed the bridge for his own quarters, he was late for his meditations. *** Five days later and the General had still not returned. Starkiller Base was coming along nicely, the Finalizer ran as smoothly as ever, Stormtroopers and command staff performed their duties efficiently and Kylo Ren was in a very bad mood. He stalked the corridors relentlessly, terrorising anyone who got in his way. Another console had been destroyed after a minor disagreement on training methods. A radar malfunction had resulted in a smoking hole in the wall and a growling modulated voice muttering about how he'd be better fixing it himself. Wandering past the Stormtrooper firing range every blaster bolt stopped in mid-air, much to the annoyance of Captain Phasma who took it upon herself to discreetly message Hux. It was later that evening when Kylo noticed the light flashing on his vidcomm, that was odd, the other Knights and Snoke usually sent messages, he very rarely spoke face-to-face; or mask for that matter. Confused he brought up the screen to find a tired-eyed Hux reclining in what he assumed were his planetside quarters. His fiery hair was in front of his face, clearly just washed and Kylo felt his stomach jump. Hux's face however was serious. “I understand things on board have been up to standard, no issues, nothing amiss?” “No, everything is fine here.” Wetting his lips behind the helmet, he continued, “General, I ...” “Then why, tell me, do I have reports of yet another lightsaber-related hole in my wall!? Why do I now need to order yet another replacement console, are you so incapable of the slightest ounce of control!?” He pinched the bridge of his nose between slim fingers, huffing out a sigh of exhaustion. “You are supposed to command the ship, not destroy it. I had presumed my delay would not matter as the ship had a competent commander, was I wrong?” Kylo unclipped his helmet with a quiet hiss, hair falling lightly about his face. On the screen Hux's expression softened slightly. Leaning towards the screen in earnest Kylo attempted to explain himself. “I am perfectly capable of running a ship! Everything has been on schedule, I don't know what the problem is.” “You mean to say you didn't interrupt Phasma's training?” “The Stormtroopers need to learn how to adapt! Only one of them took out a secondary weapon when their blasters stopped, you should thank me, they are woefully unprepared.” Hux raised his eyebrows in surprise. “Interesting. You may have a good point there Kylo. I'll have to inform Phasma of your findings. Well done.” His shoulders relaxed and he gave a tired smile, “Don't think this excuses you from breaking things though.” Kylo tentatively smiled back, “I've had other things on my mind.” He felt a blush rising, “I mean... I have a potential lead on Skywalker. He may have left traces at a former temple on Lothal, we are looking into it.” “Ah, you must be pleased,” Hux's voice lowered a little, “I hope you will still be on board when I return.” “I... I hope so too.” It was with a grin that Kylo Ren retired almost an hour later, mood lightened and stomach still fluttering. The next few days passed without event, although Phasma did receive new training instructions, something she found she didn't mind, as long as Kylo Ren stayed away. *** The shuttle was bumpy, Hux's every nerve jostled, amplified by exhaustion. He'd earned himself a day off. Starkiller was now running two days ahead of schedule and he smiled with satisfaction at a job well done. He straightened his uniform as they prepared to dock, wondering if Kylo would be there to meet him. They had talked every evening over vidcomm, and despite the fact they had still not had the promised dinner together, Hux felt he was starting to get closer to knowing the younger man. Tiredness threatened to overwhelm him as he stood to exit, stumbling a little as the airlock opened. A flutter of disappointment danced through him as only Captain Thaneer stood stiffly awaiting his arrival. “Welcome back General, I'm happy to tell you there is nothing to report. All systems normal.” The dark-skinned man turned suddenly at the sound of footsteps echoing towards them. “Ah! Lord Ren, Is there a problem?” “No problem Captain, you may return to the bridge. I have some matters I wish to discuss with the General, that is all.” “Yes Sir.” A brief salute and they were alone in the corridor. It was odd to see the mask, Hux had been getting used to the sight of brown eyes and freckled skin and it threw him a little. The dark figure gestured towards the turbolifts. “May I escort you to your quarters General? I believe you are now off duty.” They were silent as they walked the corridors, it was only in the empty turbolift that Kylo shyly laced their fingers together, something Hux found overwhelmingly cute. Letting himself relax slightly, he leaned against the other man, drawing warmth from his cloaked shoulder. The upper habitation levels were empty, lighting dim. Their hands stayed joined as they approached Hux's door. “Do you want to come in? Just for a little while.” Hux already knew the answer, Kylo was already fiddling with the clips on his helmet. The doors had barely closed when he felt tentative hands on his waist and soft breath in his hair. “Did you miss me then?” Hux's voice was somewhat smug as he turned to face the younger man. Blue eyes met brown as Kylo lowered his head, pressing a gentle kiss to Hux's lips. He pulled back to scan the General's face and received a tired smile. It was then he noticed the deep bags under pale blue eyes, skin ashen as opposed to the usual pallor. “You're exhausted.” Hux smirked, “I'm not that exhausted,” with surprising strength he dipped the taller man back in a bruising kiss. “Want to stay here and find out?” Kylo gripped tightly at Hux's shoulders, opening his mouth to run their tongues together. Straightening Hux led him towards the bed, pulling him down to straddle across narrow hips, one hand reaching to tangle in soft dark hair. Kylo let out a low groan as their bodies connected, falling into a tangle of limbs. He worked at the collar of Hux's uniform, determined to reach the pale skin of his neck. A rough crackle came from the comm unit at his hip, he ignored it as Hux reached under his robes to squeeze at his backside. “Lord Ren... important... Skywalker... temple.” The message was hissing with static, making both men pause in their ministrations. “Come soon... map.” Kylo jumped up, a shudder of anticipation running through him which had nothing to do with the redhead beneath him. “Did you hear that Hux?! There's a map to Skywalker. I need to leave right away!” Raising up on his elbows Hux watched as the taller man hurriedly straightened his clothes, grabbing his discarded helmet off the floor, passion forgotten. Hux understood the Order came first but couldn't help a pang of disappointment as Kylo snapped his helmet and faceplate on, almost rushing to the door. Only then did he seem to realise himself, looking back to Hux, still on the bed, uniform half unbuttoned, a light flush across his face. “Ah... shit... look...” a hand came up, rubbing the back of his neck sheepishly. Hux rose, “No, it's fine. This is extremely important, for you and the Order.” Kylo reached out a hand to brush down Hux's neck causing his breath to catch, “Good luck on your mission.” Kylo bent his head, touching Hux's forehead with his own. The inside of the helmet was cool against his face as he wrapped his arms about the older man, squeezing briefly before exiting to prepare his shuttle. Hux cursed under his breath. How he'd gone from half hard under a very enthusiastic partner to alone in his quarters in the space of five minutes was a little perplexing. It seemed whatever relationship they were developing was cursed to be plagued with interruptions. Sighing he undressed for bed; maybe next time he should block all comm channels from his room, whenever next time would be, that is. Chapter 2 : The Second Reunion Phasma was surprised to find General Hux joining her as she ran laps in the training barracks. It wasn't unusual to see him down there but he usually stuck to the weight training and firing rage, she supposed he must have some free time as he'd been hanging around a lot more often. “Good afternoon General.” She slowed slightly to match pace, keen eyes observing the tight line of Hux's jaw, fiery hair darkened with sweat. “This seems outside your usual training regimen.” “Phasma.” Hux inclined his head to the blonde, “I find myself with excess time and energy and don't believe either should be wasted.” The pair overtook a couple of unmasked troopers who startled slightly at the sight of their commanding officers out of uniform. Hux sniffed, you could always tell the new ones. “If that's the case you should join our next training simulation. We've changed up a number of variables to address the adaptability problem Lord Ren so kindly pointed out.” There was an edge to her tone, only true battlefield experience would hone her troopers but the higher ups insisted on endless simulations. Hux himself had programmed a few and Phasma was interested to see if he could hold his own. “That sounds interesting, I'd be delighted to see your improvements. I could use the practice.” Phasma scoffed to herself, as if the highly polished Brendol Hux had any hands on experience, speaking of which, “I'm not surprised you're so animated, Lord Ren has been absent a week now.” Hux's eyes flickered towards her, still keeping a steady pace beside him. “Just what are you implying?” “Nothing Sir, I just noticed him leaving your quarters last week.” “Yes, he was informing me of his current mission,” Shit, he could have sworn the level was empty. It wasn't common for officers to visit each others rooms, but it wasn't unheard of, “I don't believe we talked more than five minutes or so.” It wasn't that he was embarrassed, just unsure of the nature of his and Kylo's relationship, maybe if they had spend more than an hour or two on the same ship in the last couple of weeks he'd have an idea. “My mistake then.” Phasma grinned to herself a little, not bothering to mention her observations a fortnight ago of a helmetless, somewhat nervous Kylo Ren being led in by Hux and not leaving for the rest of the night. The General's ears were pink and Phasma very much doubted it had anything to do with exercise. She would continue monitoring the situation however, even if her suspicions were unfounded, any excuse to tease the ginger. “I look forward to seeing you in the simulation suite General.” With that she upped her pace, easily outspeeding Hux and disappearing to the other end of the facility. It was with trepidation that Hux approached the simulator later having changed into lightweight body armour, blasters at his sides. Phasma commanded from a platform above, chromium shining in the artificial light. A team of Stormtroopers stood below her, awaiting instruction. “Attention FN squad! We have a guest today, General Hux is here to assess our improved training program, he will be joining you in the simulation. Do not let his presence affect your performance! You will reach your objective no matter what stands in your way.” The room flickered as it rearranged itself, target droids swarming out to surround a flag raised on a platform at the end of the room. Hux immediately dived into cover alongside the troopers. A muffled voice addressed him. “General, I believe a pincer movement may be most effective in this situation, do you agree?” Glancing out Hux noted a lowered section to his left as well as several shifting blocks directly in front of the platform. “The left section is lowered trooper, that generally means a pit trap in these simulations, avoid it. The shifting blocks are most likely cover for enemies so be on your guard, split up and attempt to flank them from the side.” Hux's mind was racing, this was his element, he smiled to himself. “Move out.” The room was lit with blaster fire as the squad advanced, sweeping towards their target. The room was continually shifting, walls raising and dropping around the flag platform. Practice droids dodged around corners to fire in concentrated volleys across the field. Hux crouched behind a block, raising his head briefly to take aim and blasted the rifle out of the droids hands, he wasn't paying for droid repairs if he didn't have to. The block disappeared forcing him to roll out of incoming fire, a trooper appearing at his side to cover his flank. Just ahead another trooper had reached the shifting blocks, sweeping around them to shout an all clear. It was too simple thought Hux as the sides of the blocks dropped revealing stun blasters on all sides. The squad scattered, diving behind any cover available. “Concentrate fire on one at a time!” The shout came from ahead, Hux's voice echoing with the same instruction. He was impressed, that trooper had the right instincts, he made a mental note to get their number, they may be captain material eventually. He unslung the blaster rifle from his back to join the alternating fire from the rest of the squad. The first block disintegrated with a pop as their blaster bolts swept to the next target. The bolts froze in the air around the target, a single trooper being stunned by a shot as the rest drew their secondary weapons to continue firing. Hux turned fluidly drawing his sidearm in a single sweep to fire directly at the outstretched hand of the dark clad figure behind them. There was a hiss as the lightsaber ignited to deflect the shot. The trooper next to Hux turned to back him up, signalling to the others to move forwards, “Go!” The frozen blaster bolts were released, destroying the final target as Kylo Ren advanced. Hux nodded to his backup, “Just keep him busy, let them reach the target.” He leapt over a low wall firing again, only for his shot to hit the ground next to him as it was deflected again. Hux grinned, of course the bastard was going to play with him, like any other enemy. He ducked as his backup trooper was lifted above him, floating gently above his head. His forehead creased in annoyance “Now really! None of our enemies are going to do that, put her down Ren.” A klaxon sounded behind him, the flag had been taken, the simulation over. The stormtrooper landed behind him with a bump as he approached the Knight of Ren. “I'm impressed General,” the deeper voice under the mask sent a shiver up Hux's spine, “you didn't hesitate in finding the source of the problem and setting out to destroy it.” “When are you not the source of the problem, Lord Ren?” Hux's eyes glinted, trying to refrain a smile. A small huff came from the man, who turned and left as suddenly as he'd arrived. From behind him a chrome gauntlet clapped Hux on the shoulder, “Not bad Hux, you should join us more often,” Phasma certainly sounded pleased, which buoyed his mood until she mock-whispered towards him, “not tonight though, it looks like your boyfriend is back.” “Enough nonsense Phasma, don't you have troops to train?” Phasma smirked behind her mask as the General left, ears burning pink once again. Hux returned to his quarters, muscles aching pleasantly but desperate for a shower. The sonics on board the Finalizer did well enough but he found himself wishing for the luxury of his planetside accommodation. Starkiller's geothermal pools had been redirected to provide hot water for the majority of the base and nothing was more relaxing. His skin tingled as the sweat and grime were scrubbed away, hair falling softly in front of his face. He shrugged on a loose robe, ready to grab his datapad and start an evening of organisation. All thoughts fell by the wayside as he left the fresher. Kylo Ren was seated on his bed, loose training robes instead of the usual thick cloak covering him. “I really should be concerned that you broke into my room so easily. Maybe I should talk to...” His voice trailed off, Hux's eyes had fixed on a dark mole on a pale collarbone and couldn't think of anything other than getting his mouth on it, marking it, making it his. “Oh, fuck it.” Rushing forward he grabbed Kylo's face with both hands, fingers tightly wound in dark hair. Kylo's hands were already under his robe, roaming across bare skin, pulling him insistently downwards to straddle his lap. Hux tilted Kylo's head back, pressing their mouths together desperately. It was a clash of tongues and teeth, both men gasping for breath as they clutched at each other. Breaking apart Hux practically tore off the top half of Kylo's robes, his own having slid down his shoulders to pool about his hips. Relishing the feel of skin on skin Kylo's arms wrapped around the slimmer man tasting every inch of his mouth. He'd waited far too long to do this again and the sight of the General in his element, guns blazing had pushed him over the edge. He was already hard and leaking, cock pushing up against the man in his lap. He released Hux's lips to sink teeth into a pale neck, laving the tender skin with his tongue. Hux drew in a hiss of pain mixed with pleasure running his nails up Kylo's back as he began grinding downwards, desperate for friction. The younger man was overwhelmed, his senses full. The sight of Hux writhing against him, the taste of his skin, the smell of sweat, it was intoxicating. Kylo grasped to his side searching for the bedside drawer, fumbling as he stripped off the rest of his clothes, the redhead's robe already tossed to one side. He was desperate, wanting. Hux reached down to stroke him in a tight grip, tongue running up his body, throat vibrating with a deep moan. Hand finally gripping the tube of liquid he handed it to Hux who met him in another deep kiss. Locking their eyes Hux uncapped it to spread the lubrication on Kylo's fingers before leading his hand to his entrance, causing Kylo to jolt with arousal. “Just take it easy, love” Kylo moaned into his shoulder exhilarated at the simple term of endearment, slowly working his way into the other man with his fingers. His other hand groped the redheads ass, squeezing tightly before running fingers up a narrow back. Hux gripped his shoulders, mouthing nonsense into dark waves of hair. Kylo couldn't take much more, slipping a condom on he began slowly, insistently pressing into Hux, an iron grip around his slim body. Hux's breath caught, a low burn in the base of his spine slowly building towards pleasure, excruciatingly slow. Kylo's fingers were tight on his hips as he seated himself fully, forehead resting on Hux's chest, breath uneven. Hux raised up, circling his hips, relishing the look in his partners eyes as they rolled back, mouth opening to pant wantonly. Kylo began thrusting upwards before his eyes widened, fingers bruising tight on Hux's hip. Hux felt a shudder within him, Kylo's cock jerking weakly before stopping all movement, breath uneven as he buried his head into Hux's shoulder. “Did you just...?” “I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.” Kylo's eyes were wide, face flushed red. Hux's guts twisted, a mixture of pity and unabated arousal. Awkwardly rubbing circles on Kylo's back he held him close, “Shh love, don't apologise, it's OK.” He was still hard, leaking cock pressed into taut stomach muscles. Feeling guilty Hux moved off with a wince, Kylo's shaft slipping out of him. They sat on the edge of the bed, barely touching, Kylo twisting his fingers together in his lap, shoulders hunched. He was frozen with embarrassment and indecision, should he leave, did the older man still want him there? Tentatively Hux reached out, rubbing a pale shoulder; he was so bad with feelings, they were messy, disorganised, the sort of chaos he wished to eradicate in the universe. Was it really worth it? One look at the forlorn face and soft pouting lips and he thought that just maybe, it was. Pulling the dark-haired man towards him Hux caught a look of surprise in deep brown eyes as he placed a soft kiss on Kylo's forehead before moving downwards, intent on wiping the look of distress from his face. “Let's just take this slow for now.” Hux breathed, threading fingers through dark waves, lowering them both to the bed. They moved to lie face to face, each drinking in the sight of the other, hands roaming freely. “Although,” Hux raised an eyebrow, “if that's the reaction I get, I should shoot at you more often.” Kylo let out a low chuckle, fingers sketching across narrow ribs causing Hux to squirm. “Stop that.” “Make me.” Hux's lips were curved in a smile against his, thumbs rubbing circles on his hips. They moved smoothly against each other, tongues tangled, breaths beginning to speed again. Slowly, languorously, they explored each other's bodies discovering more with every touch. Hux's ears were ticklish along with his ribs, he moaned when his neck was sucked and growled when it was bitten. Kylo had sensitive nipples, he almost purred when Hux rubbed hands down his back and gasped with pleasure whenever his bottom lip was nibbled. Kylo loved the sensation of Hux's hair falling on his face, softening the General's usual stern appearance and causing flutters of heat in his stomach. Hux couldn't get enough of Kylo's face, thrilled at the privilege of seeing behind the mask, wanting to taste every inch of exposed skin. Soft breaths and gentle caresses gave way to low moans as touches moved lower, kisses deepening, hips rocking together as they palmed each other. Kylo took Hux in a rough grip, slowly pumping up and down, gasping as Hux did the same. “You don't have to, I already...” “Mmm, shut up please, I want to touch you.” Hux dipped down to fondle his sack, squeezing gently before burying his head in Kylo's shoulder as the Knight increased his pace. Not wanting to be outdone Hux replaced his hand, jerking swiftly, twisting his wrist as he worked the length of Kylo's cock. They moved together, thrusting their hips, erections brushing against each other slicked with sweat and precome. Their kisses were sloppier now as they pulled apart to gasp, lips joined by thin strands of saliva, moans becoming louder. It was Hux who came undone first, spilling himself as he thrust into the circle of Kylo's fist, groaning out his release. Shuddering through the aftershocks he increased his pace, watching the other man's face, wanting to see him let go. Kylo's toes curled, back arching as he was brought closer to the edge, Hux watching his every move. He let out a cry, crashing their mouths together as his orgasm shot through him, spurting warmly on Hux's stomach. They held each other closely as their breathing calmed, warmth spreading as they basked in the afterglow sharing small kisses. Kylo's head rested on Hux's shoulder, he knew he should move but his body was limp, his breathing beginning to slow. He felt the other man move his arm out from underneath him, warmth receding briefly, Kylo's eyes fluttered open to see the redhead's naked back as he padded into the refresher. Hux returned, wiping off Kylo's stomach causing the younger man to roll sleepily towards him, “You can't just relax can you?” Hux threw the cloth over his shoulder, returning to wrap his arms about Kylo's broad shoulders. “I'd say I'm pretty relaxed now.” Kylo just hummed in reply, eyes closing, resting his weight in Hux's arms. Hux smiled softly, the volatile man was so cute like this. “Mm...'m'not cute.” The other man grumbled. “Please don't read my mind when we're in bed together Ren.” Hux bent to kiss his forehead. Through the Force Kylo felt a sense of contentment as he sunk into darkness unsure if it was his own or Hux's. The General's arms tight around him, he let himself sleep. Chapter 3 : Third Eye He was on Starkiller, the base completed at last. Lights flickered as he strode through the hallways, footsteps echoing. It was deserted, silent aside from his own footfalls, no hint of the massive military operation that manned the station. Kylo's eyes narrowed behind his helmet, an orange flicker in his peripheral vision causing him to turn. “Hux?” The sound of receding footsteps reached his ears, running away. Kylo followed, chasing down hallways, never getting any closer to the source. He stopped, reaching out, trying to sense through the Force, there was nothing. The lights dimmed again, shadows filling the halls. A flutter of laughter echoed from up ahead, a man's voice, unfamiliar in the darkness. Kylo felt a shiver of anticipation run up his spine as heavy footfalls landed behind him accompanied by the sound of a lightsaber igniting. He spun to face his enemy, drawing his own weapon. Nothing. Kylo felt his anger rising in his throat, someone was toying with him. Clenching his fist tightly around the red blade, he strode forwards, sparks flying as it gouged deep furrows in the walls. He would find them. Turning through the next door the hallway stretched before him, a solitary hooded figure standing in the distance, back turned. Kylo stretched out his hand, intending to pull them towards him, force them to face him. He was met with a wall of raw power, the shock jolting him back. Drawing from the rage building in his stomach Kylo breathed deeply punching forward once more, determined to bend the Force to his will. The figure turned, stretching out a hand of their own, throwing Kylo to the floor, breath leaving him as he landed. Scrambling to his feet he called his lightsaber to his hand and received nothing but empty air. It was gone. “Who are you? Show yourself!” His voice crackled through the helmet, distorted as it bounced off the walls. Hands raised to remove the hood, the right clearly mechanical. Kylo's stomach clenched, a cold wave rolling over him. How could his Uncle be here? It was impossible. He felt another flash of pure anger race through him, he needed his saber. The man merely looked at him, face impassive. It wasn't Skywalker, this man was much younger, younger than Kylo himself. A scar ran across his right eye. Kylo blinked as the younger man gave a slow, sad smile before dissipating in front of him, a swirl of blue light. Pain flared across his face, his own right eye burning. He grabbed at his helmet, fumbling for the clasps before the pain receded just as suddenly as it came. Sweat dripped from his forehead as he looked around himself, the hallway once more deserted. He was disgusted at his own weakness, there must be some way to get stronger, and he would find it. In his frustration he wandered out onto a narrow bridge, unsure exactly where in the base he was. A cold breeze swept around him, causing him to look up. He was standing in the rift of the planet, stars visible in a narrow strip far above him. Reaching the centre of the walkway, he stopped, a massive Force presence manifesting behind him. Clenching his fists Kylo readied himself, he would show them this time. “I don't know who you are but you underestimate my power!” The miasma coalesced itself, becoming a tall figure in dark armour, a whisper of simulated breathing hissing through the canyon. Kylo stepped back, suddenly unsure. “Grandfather?” “Ben.” The deep voice boomed causing Kylo to wince, “So, you are the grandson I never met. Let me look upon your face.” With trepidation Kylo's hands raised to remove the mask, the apparition in front of him mirroring his movements. A loud crash echoed as both helmets dropped and Kylo looked into his own eyes. Furrowing his eyebrows he grabbed his own mask from the floor, if this spectre had his face then whose did he have? Looking into tarnished silver inlay he blinked to clear his eyes. Han Solo stared back at him. “Come home.” The wind whipped around him, stripping him to nothingness, a silent cry swallowed up as the stars twinkled above. He woke. Jolting upright he realised he was alone, legs tangled in soft sheets. A pale glow came from the main living quarters; pulling on his trousers Kylo wandered through to find Hux seated on his couch, datapad in hand, blueprints spread on the table in front of him. “Don't you ever sleep?” Hux glanced round at the sound of his voice. “Oh, you're awake.” Hux's eyes looked him over, raking across his bare chest, eyebrow raising a little in appreciation. “Sorry I left, I just have a lot of work to do and you seemed like you needed the rest.” Kylo moved to stand behind the redhead, peering over his shoulder at the report he was reading. “Mining problems again? Maybe I should pay them a visit, I'm sure they'd speed up then.” Hux smirked a little. “I appreciate the offer but we do need them alive. For now.” He stretched, shoulders popping, “Although I may have to go myself if the Supreme Leader deems it necessary, we need that ore for essential components of the weapon. It can't be finished without them.” His forehead creased, why was everyone so incompetent? There were just too many distractions. Kylo plopped down next to him, “I might come too, can't have you going alone. A big mining operation like that, you might get dusty.” Hux rolled his eyes, pursing his lips tersely, just because he hadn't been on the front lines didn't make him useless. He twitched a little, irritation rippling up his spine. “Go back to bed Kylo, I'll be through when I'm done. The base isn't going to complete itself.” His voice was icy, tone clipped. Kylo saw the lines etched into his face and reached to give a gentle squeeze of the other man's thigh, lessening the tension a little. “I think I'll stay here,” He twisted their fingers together, bringing a hand to his lips in a brief kiss, “in case you want a distraction.” Hux gave a tired smile and turned back to his work. They stayed that way long into the night, Hux working tirelessly to organise the base with a few helpful interjections from the younger man at his side. Kylo was surprisingly knowledgeable of the other commanding officers tactics and especially their weaknesses; something Hux was determined to take advantage of, although he did wonder how much the other man had gleaned from his own mind. Every so often they would brush together, leaning into each other for warmth in the late night chill, Kylo pulling a blanket from the bedroom to cover them when the shivering got too much. Eventually Hux stood, yawning, rubbing his shoulder where Kylo's head had been resting for the last twenty minutes. “I think I've done everything I can for the night. Thank you for your help,” he smiled at the younger man, “do you want to go to bed now?” Kylo's mind was still playing over his dream, surely it must have been a dream. It couldn't be a vision of the future, his grandfather was dead. The charred mask in his room was a constant reminder. His face had been under Darth Vader's mask though, did that mean he would be a strong as the Sith Lord or would he be doomed to make the same mistakes? Not that that could happen, he had rejected his family and his former life. It wasn't like he had a son to get sentimental over. He would need to think this through, maybe consult with Snoke. Unless dreams were a sign of weakness of course, then he'd deal with it himself. Hux realised he hadn't been heard and bristled a little, Kylo sat, eyes somewhere else, not hearing the general repeating his name. Hux gripped him by the shoulder, shaking a little until dark eyes blinked to look him in the face. “What did you say?” “I thought maybe you'd want to go to sleep. We've made some good progress.” Hux was pleased, maybe this relationship wouldn't affect his work as much as he'd thought. The Order was everything, but if he could have a little personal pleasure on top of that then why not? “Um... I slept a bit before, maybe I'll just go get something to eat.” It wasn't that Kylo was afraid to fall asleep again, he just wanted to clear his mind a little first, “I'll see you later though.” “No wait, I think I'll join you. After all, we've still not had that dinner yet.” Hux regretted his words as they spilled out, there was clearly something on the other man's mind and he wasn't about to pry. Kylo blinked again, unconsciously sensing the general's thoughts; Hux knew there was something bothering him. He wished he was as adept as Hux at maintaining his composure, the man didn't need a mask to hide his emotions, his face could wipe like a slate when needed. It was his observations of that ability that had gotten him interested in the first place, and while it had started as purely a physical attraction he found himself admiring the man more and more. Hux was perceptive, especially for someone without an ounce of Force sensitivity, strong for someone so skinny and far more caring than the man who'd ordered the execution of several colonies should be. It was odd to think Hux might care about him, it was nice. Dressed only in loose nightwear they made their way to the officers mess, abandoned at this time of night. Hux was relieved, the command staff didn't need to know about their relationship, he'd never hear the end of it from Phasma if they did. Kylo was prodding the buttons on the food synthesiser to no avail, temper rising. Hux grabbed his wrist as he balled his fist to punch the damned machine, “You do enough damage during the day, just use the other one.” Kylo felt his cheeks colour at the chastisement, wanting to shove out at the General when the door slid open suddenly. A Captain he didn't know the name of wandered in, fresh off the midnight shift making her way to the caff machine. The two froze, Hux stiffening suddenly into General mode much to Kylo's bemusement, almost an entirely different person than the one who'd been writhing on his lap just a few hours ago. “Captain.” Hux nodded to the older woman, prim and proper, even in his pyjamas. “Ah General, been working late I presume? Don't mind me, I'll just be finishing my reports over there.” She nodded to the corner before running her eyes over Kylo Ren, the dark-haired man suddenly feeling naked in her gaze. “I don't believe I know your... friend.” Shit, shit. Hux thought quickly, rifling through the rulebook in his head for the Order's laws on fraternisation. “Oh I'm so sorry, he's with... Planetary Intelligence and Strategy,” that would do, no one really knew who was on the intel network, they were outside the chain of command, “just stopping by with some information, we were at the Academy together.” Kylo glanced sideways, unsure what Hux was doing but willing to play along. He was pretty sure no one on the ship had seen him unmasked save Hux, and possibly Phasma. “Jolly good,” she stuck her hand towards Kylo, “Lehral Aster, nice to meet you.” Kylo's mind went blank as he returned her handshake, “Um, Walker, Ben Walker. Nice to meet you too.” Behind him Hux's eyes widened, surely the man was smarter than that. He was aware of the Knight's original identity but any talk of that was forbidden. His real name subject to a decree from the Supreme Leader himself, and here he was with possibly the least subtle pseudonym ever. He almost slapped himself in the forehead in frustration before schooling his expression back to neutral. “I'll leave you gentlemen to it then, good evening Sir.” She saluted Hux and turned to settle herself at a table in the corner. The two men looked at each other in silence before Kylo shrugged and turned to the working synthesizer, “What are you in the mood for?” “Oh whatever you feel like... Ben.” Hux cracked an almost manic grin, waiting for a reaction. The broad shoulders tensed up and Hux felt a prickling in his mind, a sensation of fingers slowly wrapping around his throat. “If you hate it so much why did you say it?” The words hissed out before his breath could be cut off. The other man turned, brows furrowed, wordlessly passing Hux his food as the strangling sensation disappeared. “I didn't think.” Goosebumps ran down Kylo's neck and he hunched his shoulders, unconsciously making himself smaller, “I'd rather not talk about it.” They sat in silence, each man occupied with his own thoughts, Hux glancing over every so often at the morose face. He shifted closer, brushing their legs together, dropping a hand down to squeeze gently on Kylo's knee. The younger man leaned into him, soft hair brushing against his neck. Ignoring the not so subtle glances from Captain Aster, Hux joined their hands together on the table, an almost fatalistic urge overtook him as he searched the dark eyes. “It suits you, you know.” Kylo spluttered slightly, not sure what to make of the statement, guts twisted in confusion. He imagined the general whispering his name, hot breath in his ear and his stomach jolted. A mixture of lust and revulsion bubbled through him. Biting his bottom lip he looked Hux in the eyes, “I think maybe we should call it a night.” “Of course.” Together they rose, making their way back to the residential quarters. Reaching a junction Kylo turned, Hux stopping in his tracks, “You're going back to your own rooms?” He hoped his disappointment wasn't evident in his voice. Kylo looked back at the shorter man. “It's been a long day, I just... need some time to think.” He pressed a kiss to the redhead's lips, “I'll see you soon though. Good night.” “Goodnight, Kylo.” Separating, neither saw the other glance back as they went their separate ways. Alone in his bed the Force-user lay still, a part of his consciousness had stayed with Hux until he could be sure the older man was asleep. Much as he had wanted to go with him his mind was still too jumbled, now from the use of his real name as well as the dream from before. He could deny his past all he wanted but parts still resolutely clung to him, he could have given any other name yet his own had fallen from his lips. Insides churning with conflict, he tried to still his mind. Would being with Hux make him stronger or weaker? The Jedi shunned attachment, the Sith had embraced passion, so maybe this was a good idea. On the other hand, the other man brought him some degree of peace within himself, something he knew the Supreme Leader would not accept. He needed to focus, mind constantly flickering back to the image of Hux in the training room, precise, confident and completely focused himself. It had thrilled him, seeing the General in battle, he'd wanted to show off, impress him. It had been almost effortless to stop an entire squad's blaster bolts and he'd still been able to deflect Hux's shot. Maybe that was the answer, to train together. Deep in his mind Kylo wondered, maybe it was possible to be selfish, to keep the other man, maybe in the end they could make each other stronger. Chapter 4 : Forthcoming Summary: In which there is some training and also a podrace. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux had been a little perturbed at Kylo's insistence to train together, not entirely comfortable with shooting at his... boyfriend? Lover? Co-commander? Pain in the arse Force wizard? But despite his misgivings it was surprisingly fun of all things; and yes maybe it was a little cathartic to shoot directly at Kylo's face, a small payback for the many tantrums the man had thrown. He'd programmed the remote towers to fire at random while he himself darted from cover to cover, taking shots when he could. Inevitably the bolts were stopped, or deflected and Hux had the sneaking suspicion that Kylo was tracking him by reading his mind. Today though he had a plan. Kylo waited, reaching deep into the wellspring of conflict and frustration that fuelled him. Lashing out he snatched several blaster bolts out of the air, redirecting them to the built in forcefields in the wall. He was determined to pinpoint Hux and spread his awareness like a net across the room. Sensing the other man's mind he focused tightly only to be greeted by the vision of himself naked on his knees at Hux's feet, hair gripped tightly in a gloved hand as the redhead's cock was thrust in and out of his drooling mouth. He stopped in his tracks, barely registering Hux moving in the corner of his eye. A blaster shot to his left sent him moving, spinning to avoid the remote tower blasts which extinguished at a thought as he clenched his fist. He turned in the direction the shot had come from, sliding around cover to find only emptiness. Opening his mind again he could feel the hard edge of Hux's thoughts, neat, compact and organised. He narrowed in and with a flash Hux was in his mind, on his bed, hair in disarray, panting wantonly as he fingered himself open, Kylo's name on his lips. Kylo jolted, pulling himself back throwing out a hand to block the shots the turrets had aimed directly at his head. Crouched several feet away the redhead was smirking, Kylo's moves were sloppy, his reactions slowed, lacking the grace and fluidity he usually demonstrated. Clearly his plan was working, even if all he could think about now was pinning the knight to the floor and having his way with him. He'd strip him down layer by layer, mapping his body with his tongue. Kylo would be impatient obviously so he'd have to pin him down with his own body, stripping his own clothes as he sat astride the taller man. Of course Kylo was physically stronger, he'd probably flip them bringing his mouth down to suck and bite into his neck. Peering from his cover Hux saw a familiar glazed look on Kylo's face and rolled out, taking his shot. The streak of red raced towards him, eyes still unfocused causing Hux to jolt. His weapon was on a stun setting but that didn't stop the tiny flutter of fear as the bolt was stopped barely an inch from that long nose. Kylo blinked slowly, seeing the General emerge from his hiding spot. “Programme end.” Hux walked forward as the dark-haired man stepped aside, releasing the blast along it's original path. The colour was high in Kylo's cheeks, his body thrumming with energy. “Why are you stopping! I got it! Even with you distracting me like that.” His mind was full of the two of them together, scenario after scenario playing on a loop. Hux was smirking at him now, eyebrow raised. A shiver of lust ran through him as he shut his mouth. “Mm... then again, it was a very nice distraction.” Hux was reaching up, running fingers over his cheek, Kylo leaned into the touch only to be knocked back as he was slapped sharply, pain blooming across his face. “Idiot! Don't get complacent, if you had used your senses rather than your Force magic you would have been able to block that shot much sooner!” Hux's smooth face was twisted with disdain, “You could clearly see my foot from where you were standing, yet instead of looking you rely on tricks. We will need to work on that.” Gritting his teeth Kylo glared at the General, grabbing him by the front of his uniform, “You bastard.” Hux glared back, pale eyes glinting in the artificial light, he would not stand for sloppy mistakes. Kylo wrenched him forward, smashing their mouths together with a low growl, “You utter bastard.” Hux caught his bottom lip between his teeth, sucking it in, running his tongue over the tender bite mark. Kylo easily lifted the other man by the hips, digging his fingers in, bruisingly hard, wanting to mark him. Hux gave as good as he got, gripping tight, pulling dark hair to tilt Kylo's mouth towards him, plundering it with his tongue. Stopping to gasp for breath there was an audible cough from the door. Turning the men were faced with a tall blonde, helmet under her arm, mouth quirked in a smile. “Knew it.” Hux coughed sheepishly as he unwrapped himself from the other man's waist, feet dropping back to the ground. Phasma snickered to herself, pushing short hair back from her face, the two men were like guilty cadets, Kylo Ren actually shuffling his feet. “Oh Hux, whatever will your mystery boyfriend say? What was his name again?” She turned to the younger man, “Honestly Sir, you may as well have called yourself 'Guy Walker'.” “I didn't think!” The Knight's fists were clenched, voice uncharacteristically high. Phasma rolled her eyes, he actually stomped his foot like a petulant child. “Anyway, if you're done here General Hux is needed on the bridge, I'm sure you can finish...” she gestured with her hand “...this, later, and not in my training suite.” As the two men shuffled out she caught Hux's eye. Inclining her head towards the dark-haired man currently pulling his helmet on she gave him a thumbs up, smirking all the while. Turning an amusing shade of pink Hux muttered something she guessed was some sort of death threat before the door swished shut behind him. Shaking her head she turned to the programming console, glad she'd arrived when she did; the room had already been cleaned once today. *** It was another cold afternoon on the Finalizer and Kylo wished he had his usual robes instead of the loose tunic he wore. Sidling into the recreational area he blanched for a second, leaning behind a support beam to avoid the gaze of Captain Aster. The woman had cornered him the other day as he ate, clapping him on the shoulder and booming her approval that the General had 'someone nice to look after him'. Of course after that he could feel the eyes of the rest of the crew on him, catching snatches of conversation and errant thoughts. Evidently most of the Finalizer staff were happy with this development, hoping this 'Ben' character would help the General relax, maybe keep him occupied so they wouldn't have to listen to any more damn speeches. Creeping past as the silver-haired Captain left for her shift, Kylo headed for the vid screen on the other side of the room. There were already a few people gathered around, presumably for the same reason he was. Settling himself on the end of a large couch he waited, ignoring the few whispers in his direction. As it got closer to the time more and more people drifted over, the space on the couch rapidly dwindling. A curvy young lieutenant flashed him a smile before dropping into the space next to him, thighs uncomfortably close to his. “Good spot you got here, mind if I squeeze in?” “Um... no, I guess.” He wasn't really used to social situations, he hoped the woman wouldn't try to make conversation. The officer on the other side of her was whispering in her ear, causing her to grin even wider. Kylo was getting impatient as the lights dimmed, conversation around him turning to a low buzz. He felt his shoulders loosen, beginning to relax when the young woman jumped up, ponytail flicking him in the face. “General! Over here, I saved you a seat!” She was bouncing now, the assembled crew turning to face them. By the door Hux stood nonplussed, still in uniform, he coughed into his fist, “Yes, thank you Lieutenant Fetho.” The smiling girl saluted and dashed to join a group of junior officers sitting on the floor. They clustered around her with giggles and a whisper of 'Nice one Emara'. Hux's ears were pink as he shuffled through the small crowd to sit next to Kylo, back rigid. He nodded to the younger man. “Ben.” Kylo's stomach jiggled, the same quiver of emotions as the last time the redhead had called him by his true name. He could feel the eyes of everyone in the room on them. “Brendol.” Hux's face betrayed nothing but Kylo could feel the irritation, he hated his first name, a reminder of his own family, something they had in common. “I wasn't expecting to see you here.” “I have interests outside of you, you know.” The man was smiling though, posture relaxing. He glanced around before joining their hands on his lap. He shrugged as Kylo raised his eyebrows towards him, it was expected, evidently, the smiles of the crew said as much. They were turning back to the screen as it blared into life. “Live from Malastare we bring you the Zillo Cup! We've got an exciting day for you folks! Five courses, five races and only one winner! So let's go to the track and get the inside scoop on our different pods and racers.” It wasn't entirely live of course, there was a twenty second delay so First Order censors could remove any Republic propaganda but Hux hadn't seen the necessity to deprive his crew of entertainment, especially if it was something he himself enjoyed. Ren was comfortably warm next to him, he slid closer, touching their shoulders together. One of the officers was passing around bottles of some sort of ale which they both took, drinking as the race preamble took up the screen. An informal betting pool had been set up and quickly quashed as Hux reminded the crew that gambling was not permitted on board. Kylo rolled his eyes and elbowed the General in the ribs, telling him to relax. Sighing the redhead relented, he couldn't stop them from betting drinks, but he swore if he saw a single credit chip change hands that person would be immediately reassigned to sanitation duty for the next six months. Feeling the pressure of their onlookers Kylo slung his arm around Hux's shoulder, giving it a squeeze, “I never would have taken you for a podracing fan.” Hux sipped his drink shifting closer. He wasn't one to admit it but engineering was somewhat of a hobby of his. “It's not so much the races as the pods themselves, fascinating vehicles, so many designs. I'd love to build one but it seems quite pointless when humans can't pilot them.” Kylo sat up, suddenly animated, spilling his drink a little as he gesticulated, “Not true! My grandfather could, the only human who's ever done it!” His eyes were wide, shining in the glare of the screen. On the next chair a dark-haired officer laughed, turning to face them. “Sorry friend, I think your grandpa was just trying to impress you. Humans can't do it, believe me, I tried, broke three ribs, both arms and my nose when I was a kid, and that was getting off lightly.” The man was laughing as he took his next drink and Hux felt a sudden tensing next to him as the officer spluttered, his friend slapping him on the back, thinking he was choking on the liquid. He squeezed tightly on Kylo's leg, digging his fingers into muscled flesh. “Easy Ben.” His voice was low, warning. His thoughts shining clear in Kylo's mind 'don't start killing people, you fucking child'. Releasing the man from his mental grip he settled back in his seat. The officer gave another cough before straightening in his chair, “Guess I drank that a little too fast.” Looking at the liquid spilled down his front he laughed again, “I'm a mess. Glad I'm not on duty tomorrow.” Hux had half a mind to change that but seeing that Kylo seemed to have relaxed again he let it go, the races were starting. Six hours later and the room had deteriorated, drinks had been bet and won, and drank and lost and bet again. The crew were cheering an arm wrestling contest that had sprung up in the wait before the last race. Much to his dismay Kylo's spot on the couch had been taken up when he left for the bathroom and Hux was now engrossed in conversation with one of the senior engineers, leaving him shuffling awkwardly behind them. He wished he was wearing his usual clothes, they'd move for him then. “Hey Walker, want in on this?” A shout from the curly-haired lieutenant from before, gesturing to the arm wrestling table. He shrugged, petty tests of strength were nothing to him. Sitting, his face blanched when it turned out Fetho herself was his opponent. Surely she couldn't think to compete with him. A sudden thought, he was Ben today, a total unknown to the crew. He frowned, “Don't give me that look, I've won the last five rounds.” She gave a grin and rolled up her sleeves, “Let's see what sort of muscle PIS has then.” A drunken laugh from behind him, “You mean to say this guy's a pisshead, gotta see that.” He frowned at the nickname, wishing Hux had given him a better fake job. Oh well, the intel network had helped him a lot in his search for the Skywalker trail, he might as well make them look good. Bracing his elbow on the table they gripped hands, the drunk officer counting down before slamming the table to start. The strength in the young woman's arm surprised him, forcing him to increase his own pressure. Twitching from one side to another the clenched fists were at a stalemate. Around them people were starting to place bets. “Two bottles on Walker.” “No way, Emara's a pro, I got three bottles!” “PIS are weak shit, two more on Fetho.” “Nah, Hux's guy has muscles, I've got my last one on him.” “You know she transferred from the trooper division right? Trained by Phasma herself.” A warm body behind him, “I've got a bottle of twelve year old Guavan whiskey in my quarters that says Ben wins.” Hux was on his feet watching over the proceedings with the same air as overseeing troops, posture rigid, arms folded; all that was missing was his stupid big coat. A fine sweat was beginning to bead on Kylo's forehead, the woman across from him clenching her jaw, muscle visibly working in her cheek. His wrist gave a twitch causing a chorus of groans around him and he redoubled his efforts causing Fetho's arm to sway. The surrounding crowd was getting louder, the lieutenant's grey eyes locked on his from across the table. He felt Hux crouch next to him and a hot breath on his ear, “You can do it Ben, finish this.” The whisper sent a shiver down him, igniting a fire in his belly which rushed through his body; shoulder muscles tensing to slam his opponent's fist to the table. The crowd erupted. Groans of disappointment mixed with cheers from those who'd increased their drink supply. Fetho stood smiling to shake his hand, Kylo smiled back, “You're stronger than you look.” “I could say the same thing. We should have a drink sometime Walker, I like you.” Kylo felt a slim arm wrap around his waist, Hux holding a couple of bottles, his winnings. His hair was mussed, beginning to fall down from its usual regimented parting, Kylo had the urge to ruffle it up but dropped his hand, he'd save that for when they were in private. The lieutenant let out a giggle at the awkward movement and returned to the seating area, Hux's eyes following her. “Looks like you made a friend.” His fingers gripped almost imperceptibly tighter, voice just a little lower than usual. Kylo didn't need to probe his thoughts at all. “You're actually jealous.” “I am not.” He was pink in the face, something Kylo was sure couldn't be completely due to alcohol. He pulled him back to the couch, dragging the redhead into his lap almost to shield himself from the noisy prying crew. A drunken shout came from Captain Aster, the older woman having joined the group after her shift. “Put him down lad, the race is starting.” Hux scrambled out of Kylo's grasp, face as red as his hair. He lightly punched the dark-haired man in the shoulder, cursing him. Grabbing another drink he sat back, folding his arms, deliberately not touching the other man. Unfortunately Kylo was now engrossed in the race, leaning forward, large hands twisting in his lap. Hux gave a small huff and concentrated on his drink. He could feel his eyes getting heavier the more he drank and leaned into the comforting warmth of Kylo's body. This was going to be a long race, the track covering almost half a moon. He smiled as he felt Kylo's arm around his shoulder again, leaning into the taller man. He would just rest his eyes a second, then watch the race, just a second. People were dispersing as the lights came up, some stumbling, arms around friends to hold themselves steady. Hux was heavy on Kylo's shoulder, breathing deep and steady. A quick glance confirmed the redhead was asleep, relaxed for the first time in who knows how long. There were a few looks in their direction, causing the Force user to frown, it was too invasive, no one else should get to see his General like this except him. Nudging the older man slightly with his shoulder there was a small grunt as pale eyelashes fluttered open. “Is it over?” Hux's eyebrows knit together in confusion, he could have sworn the race had just started. Blearily blinking his eyes he took in the now almost empty room, “Oh.” He stretched his shoulders as he stood, “Sorry I missed it, you're very comfortable.” Kylo gave a small grimace, he felt completely the opposite, too aware of his relationship with Hux on open display. He couldn't quite understand the nonchalance of the other man. By wordless agreement they made their way back to Hux's quarters, a heavy sigh leaving Kylo's body as the door slid shut. Hux was already pulling his jacket off and turned at the exhalation, “That was an interesting evening don't you think? You seem to have made a good impression on the crew.” A flare of anger in dark eyes, “I don't care what the crew think,” he spat the words, “especially if they keep using that damn name!” It was excruciating, every person who talked to him, sickening him with memories unconsciously dredged up. “I will not be doing that again. It was like some sort of show to them.” His fists were clenched, he wanted to lash out, to hit something, to destroy. Long fingered hands moved to cradle his face, Hux stepping forward to look him deep in the eyes. “That's fine, I never would have expected you to be seen with me publicly. I didn't even think I'd see you tonight! You did admirably well though, with the whole Ben charade.” Kylo moved into Hux's body, feeling slim arms wrap around him. “I'd just rather be with you, without all the attention...” a pause, trying to organise thoughts, “I don't want to be Ben, I want to be me.” “Who else could you be? You frustrating, contrary, stubborn, destructive adorable idiot.” Hux was kissing him now, mouth trying to drive out whatever nonsense was in his head; his thoughts projecting a clear message; 'I don't care what you call yourself, as long as you're mine.' Notes: Started as a single scene the turned into a party, I don't know. Chapter 5 : Quintessential Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Things were hectic on the bridge. All operating systems of Starkiller Base were complete, only the weapon itself still under construction. All non-essential personnel were being shipped to the planet, ready to get everything up and running to Hux's exacting specifications. The skies were abuzz with transfer shuttles, the loading bays crowded with officers, troops and engineers, the might of the Finalizer being distilled to the planet below. Datapad in hand General Hux watched as row after row filed into the transports, scanned by medical officers before being checked off. It had been 48 hours since the completion report came through and things were currently running three hours ahead of schedule, something Hux felt particularly pleased of. He hated to admit it but he had the sneaking suspicion that things were running smoothly in part, due to the absence of Kylo Ren. The Knight was following the trail of some sort of Force church, apparently a priest had information Kylo needed. Naturally the man had leapt at the chance to run off after the briefest whisper of Skywalker, leaving Hux to organise the massive transfer in peace. If it left his bed a little colder he hadn't noticed, the Order was ramping up to something spectacular, something that would cement his place in history. It would be the start of something huge, he could feel it in his bones. He was due to transfer planetside himself but chose to wait until the final drop that evening, only then could he be sure the Finalizer was running according to his standards before dropping down and performing the exact same process on Starkiller. He sat, allowing himself a few minutes rest. It was almost time for his daily speech, he'd prepared a good one today. A patter of hurried footsteps behind him and Hux felt his shoulders tense, digging his nails into the palms of his hands. He knew before the officer even opened his mouth that Kylo Ren was back. Standing he turned in one fluid motion, heels clicking together, “What seems to be the problem?” The officer was sweating, staining his uniform, causing Hux's lip to curl in disgust. “Sir. It's Lord Ren.” “Yes, yes I anticipated that much. What has the fool done now? Surely he's only been back five minutes!” Honestly, Hux didn't know what to do with that man. When he was unmasked, soft and wanting in his bed, yes, but the instant the helmet was on it was an entirely different matter. Nevertheless it meant yet another situation for the General to diffuse. Things were too critical at this moment to let the Force-user follow through on his usual path of destruction. “I believe he's currently destroying Conference Room 1-4, Sir. Mitaka saw several chairs flying out the door.” “Of course.” He straightened his uniform as he stood, smoothing his hair back underneath his cap. “I will deal with this, continue with the transfers. I will not have us fall behind.” He made his way through the corridors at a brisk pace, crew parting in his wake. As he approached the conference room a pair of petty officers dashed around the corner, shooting nervous glances behind them. Hux levelled them with a piercing gaze. “Inform all personnel that this area is closed off until this...” he pursed his lips, “...problem is dealt with.” They nodded, sprinting off, leaving the corridor empty. Hux could hear the sounds of crashing from the empty room as well as the distinctive jagged hum of Ren's lightsaber. He was already mentally calculating the bills for this latest destruction. The taller man's back was turned, too intent on slashing the conference table to matchsticks as Hux entered. Locking the door behind him he stood tall, face impassive. “How many times must I tell you not to destroy my ship? What is your excuse this time?” The mask turned, fury radiating from every pore, glowing red blade sweeping in front of him. Pointing at Hux he stood in the midst of the wreckage. “You have no idea how close I was. I almost had it and they escaped! Do you realise how long it will take to find that trail?!” “Don't point that finger at me Ren, you have no authority here!” Hux advanced, crowding into the taller man's space, the harsh glare from the saber causing his eyes to water. Still he held the blank gaze of the mask, knowing those now familiar brown eyes were just beneath it. He grabbed Kylo's forearm as he shut the blade off with a hiss, pale eyes flashing, guiding him to one of the few remaining chairs. “You need to calm down. Sit.” He practically shoved the Knight into the seat, moving to stand in front of him. “There are far better ways to work off your frustration.” Kneeling down he spread Kylo's legs apart, deft hands working under far too many layers. “What are you...?” “Shut up, just don't break anything else.” He'd finally located the entrance to Kylo's trousers, moving his hand to cup what he found inside. “And don't touch my hair.” Pumping his hand slowly he felt Kylo's cock begin to harden, drawing it out he bent his mouth, running his tongue lightly up the length. A gasp came from behind the mask, Hux could picture teeth biting into plush lips and licked his own in response. As he bent to his task he felt a large hand grip his shoulder, rubbing small circles as he lapped greedily at the increasingly swollen head. Now fully hard, Kylo's fingers twitched, itching to grab Hux by the head, run fingers through his hair but afraid the redhead would stop if he did. Hux sucked down the length of the shaft, revelling in the taste of the other man. He bobbed his head, tongue swirling across the sensitive slit, fingers on his shoulder gripping tighter again, then again. Kylo was beginning to buck his hips, shallow thrusts into Hux's waiting mouth, soft gasps unaffected by the voice modulator. Swallowing, Hux took the full length of Kylo's cock in his mouth, hollowing his cheeks for more suction, gasps turning to low moans. The younger man was beginning to sweat behind the mask, hot breaths dampening his hair across his forehead. He strained, the slitted eye-holes limiting his view. Unfastening the helmet he tipped it back on his head, desperate to watch the General on his knees, the sight sending further jolts of pleasure through him. Hux's fiery head bobbed, picking up speed as Kylo's moans grew louder, more frequent. He could feel the tip brushing the back of his throat and swallowed, soft muscles working around the sensitive head. Dark curls tickled at his nose as he took everything in, tongue working along the underside, he could taste precome and hummed in satisfaction. Kylo's fingers tensed painfully, thrusts getting faster, almost desperate. Hux pulled back, concentrating on wringing louder and louder moans from the younger man, his body rising out the chair with every thrust. A raw growl of his name was his only warning and he swallowed deeply, taking every inch as his throat was filled. Swallowing he pulled off, pressing small kisses to the rapidly softening member before moving to stand. “Feel better?” He raised a slim eyebrow, taking in the panting chest and flushed cheeks of the robed man. Kylo grabbed desperately at him, pulling him in for a deep kiss, tongue questing, tasting himself. Hux kissed back, indulging him briefly. Kylo pawed at his uniform, pupils blown wide, one hand under his own robes, hurriedly unfastening whatever contraption kept his trousers in place. “C'mon aren't you gonna...” Hux stood unruffled, desire kept in check, pooled deep in his belly. Much as he wanted to turn the man over, take him over the remains of the table, he had work to do. “Let's save that for later shall we?” A look of disappointment flitted across Kylo's face causing Hux to grab him by the front of his robes, kissing him soundly. “Don't think this means I'm not interested.” He knew the other man could feel him, hard beneath his uniform. “Now, next time you get frustrated, I hope you won't hesitate to come to me.” He straightened himself again, moving to unlock the door, hearing the hiss of Kylo's mask being lowered back into place. A sweep around the room at the broken chairs caused a small grimace, more work to be done, although maybe now the Knight would come to him instead of destroying the first room he came across; at least Hux certainly hoped so. The evening found Kylo pacing in his room, although now more mildly irritated than the all consuming rage he had felt before. He wasn't entirely sure if the shivers of frustration were caused by his disappointment at not being fucked or his failure in his mission. He had been so close to acquiring the map before his target had fled minutes ahead of him, he swore to himself that next time he would bring backup. He was itching to get back to the chase but he needed information, he'd have to access some databanks, possibly consult Snoke; the church of the Force followers were frustratingly hard to track down. Maybe it would be a good idea to go down to Starkiller too, just for information of course. Hux meanwhile was enduring an excruciating medical scan. The process itself was painless, the medical officer however had taken it upon himself to make sure the General was fully aware of safe sex practices. Through clenched teeth Hux assured him he knew exactly what he was doing, heat prickling up his skin. Seemingly satisfied with his lecture the man gave him the all clear, warning him that his stress levels were a little high. “Maybe take a day before starting the Starkiller ops?” Hux sniffed in derision, he was well aware that the majority of the ground crew were expecting a small acclimatisation period. Crewing a new planet was complicated, daylight hours were lengthened, the atmosphere a subtly different composition, and the gravity never quite matched that of the ship. An acclimatised crew was an effective crew. Hux stepped onto the shuttle, doors closing halfway before shuddering to a standstill. Pale eyes blinked in confusion, he was supposed to be the last person on board. The doors slid open again, revealing Kylo Ren, striding in as if he were meant to be there, the medical officer scurrying at his heels frantically waving his scanner. “So sorry Lord Ren! I didn't realise you were heading down too, won't be a moment Sir. There we go. Everything normal, sorry for the inconvenience.” The mask turned impassively towards the little man, who scuttled away in fright, leaving the shuttle to resume take off procedures. Hux sat, arms folded. “To what do we owe the pleasure?” The other officers on board visibly tensed, clearly used to their usual exchanges, all well aware that Hux had stopped yet more destruction from the Force-user just that day. “There are things I have need for on the planet General.” Hux could practically hear the smirk through the voice modulation. Kylo sat opposite him, eyes unseen but the redhead knew he was being watched though the mask. Settling back he allowed himself a small smile, a tickle at the back of his mind, most likely Ren, as he considered finishing off what he'd started that afternoon. It was a relatively short journey, the shuttle bumping down slightly as it landed. Moving to stand Hux glanced down at the helmeted man, still sitting in place. A closer look revealed a familiar rise and fall of his chest, hands loose on his knees, he was asleep. Torn between waking Kylo up and leaving him for the crew to deal with, Hux nudged at his foot. Kylo awoke to Hux standing over him, a peculiar look on his face, somewhere between irritation and amusement. He shuffled up in his seat, eyes blinking blearily. A trooper had entered the shuttle saluting Hux, “The base is ready for your announcement Sir.” Following the redhead out, Kylo was faced with a small crowd assembled around a makeshift podium. Hux was striding forward to the microphone causing Kylo to roll his eyes behind the mask, he hoped the inevitable speech wouldn't take long, there were far better uses for that mouth. “Soldiers of the First Order! Today marks the first day of Starkiller's full occupation. The beginning of the end for the New Republic! You will have 48 hours to adjust before your duties begin in earnest. The weapon will soon be complete and the power of the First Order assured! We will labour and we will build, and soon, the Republic will fall!” A cheer through the assembled crew, ripples of applause in the distant corridors, Hux's message broadcast though the entire base. The man himself stood to attention, tall and imposing, Kylo behind him not at all interested in the speech but focused on the man's backside. The General was striding through the crowd now, making his way to the command centre, Kylo followed, nothing else to do at that point. The command centre was sparsely staffed, most of the crew taking advantage of the adjustment period. Hux himself had been on-planet before so felt no adverse effects, but for the majority of officers who had only ever been on starships it could be problematic. He took a seat at the central console, aware of the shadow of Ren behind him. “I thought you had something you needed to do here?” “You're right in front of me.” Clicking his tongue Hux turned back to the console, in no mood for distractions. He should get a head start on his work. The pressure of the other man's gaze weighed on him, almost a physical sensation. Calling up work rosters he began organising shifts, setting out instructions, requisitioning materials for the weapon. Every so often he turned, the blank face still pointed in his direction, not moving an inch, monolithic in the silent office. A sigh came from behind the mask, a small tap of fingers on the wall, of course he had no patience. “Stare at the back of my head all you want, it's not going to work. I'm busy.” Jaunty steps from the other side of the office, “I hope you're not too busy General, a few of the officers are having drinks tonight if you're interested. I know Emara would be happy if um... Ben is on base...” The man stopped short, face draining of colour at the sight of the Knight looming behind him. Kylo recognised him, the man he'd tried to choke before. “O...of course, you're invited too Lord Ren, everyone is.” Hux had to admire the young man, how many people actually stood up to Kylo Ren, let alone invited him to parties? “Yes, thank you Lieutenant Bannan, I'll consider it.” Hux wondered when he'd gotten so popular, usually his subordinates were nothing but formal. Evidently the public outing of his love life had humanised him to some degree in their eyes. He turned back to the console as Bannan threw him a salute before bobbing a brief bow to Kylo and marching swiftly towards the door. When he was safely out of earshot Hux addressed the taller man. “How nice, people want to see us.” “Oh yes, another display. You'd love that wouldn't you?” A flutter of a dark cloak and the man was storming out, striding through the corridor. Lights flickered as he strode through the hallways, footsteps echoing. It was deserted, familiar in some way, no sign of the crew. The sound of footsteps reached his ears, marching briskly towards him. Kylo's eyes narrowed behind his helmet, an orange flicker in his peripheral vision causing him to turn. “Hux?” “Of course it is! Who else would chase after you like this?” Gripping him by the arm Hux turned him around, “What is wrong with you?” Kylo grabbed him back, seeming to loom over him despite their minimal height difference, he was slammed roughly into the wall, a gloved hand diving under his uniform to grab him roughly by the hip. “You're mine! Not his!” The voice was a growl, fingers bruising on pale skin, shivers of arousal shooting up Hux's spine. It took his mind a few second to process the words and he blinked in confusion. “Whose? Bannan's? What are you talking about?” He had no idea what had gotten the man into such a rage. There was a pressure all around him, the Force-user's anger almost solidified. Trying to see through the slits in the mask there was only darkness. “Ben Solo. He's dead! He can't have you!” The lights flickered even more, walls starting to shake, pressure increasing all around them. Hux felt the barest lick of fear curl around the bottom of his spine. This was possibly the angriest he'd ever seen the man, a cold fury opposed to the usual flaring temper. He grabbed the man on either side of the head, peering deep into blank eyeholes. “I don't want Ben Solo you idiot. I only want you, Kylo Ren, more than I've ever wanted anyone!When the Order succeeds there is no one else I would share it with! This galaxy will fall at our feet and you will be beside me.” His eyes were bright in the artificial lighting, face flushed, aching to kiss the other man whose grasp was slowly lessening. “I'm not sure what else I can say, read my mind if you want. You'll see.” There was a brief sensation like fingers combing through his skull before Kylo let go of him. “My quarters. Now.” The robed man joined their hands as they walked, staking his claim on the General, halfway hoping someone would see them, wanting to bury the ghost of Ben forever. They were uninterrupted however, leading Kylo to put his arm around Hux as they made their way to his rooms, holding him tight to his body. Hux squeezed back, attempting to quell the insecurities and confusion within the younger man, hoping whatever Kylo gleaned from his subconscious had helped in some way. As the door slid open Hux had to double-take, Kylo's planetside quarters were twice the size of his and if he thought the luxury of hot water showers was enough, Kylo had an actual bath, bubbling and steaming away behind a screen. “Well that definitely proves who Snoke's favourite is.” He gave the younger man a small nudge with his elbow, “I may just move in here if it comes with that bath.” Kylo was already disrobing, helmet thrown to one side, “Your rooms on the Finalizer are bigger than mine actually, I don't think you've ever been in them.” Hux followed his lead, stripping himself leisurely, “To be perfectly honest it's because of that melted helmet I know you have. I really doubt the ghost of Darth Vader would want to see you with my tongue up your arse.” There was a choking sound that may have been a laugh as they turned to each other, both entirely naked. Hux took in sculpted muscles and broad shoulders before moving his gaze to soft eyes and a full trembling mouth. They moved together as one, mouths joining in a practised dance, soft and pliant as tongues met. Pulling back Kylo admired Hux's pale body, almost as tall but so much slimmer, his hands almost able to wrap completely around the narrow waist. “So...” Hux murmured, “about that bath over there, care to join me?” “I'd say you're more interested in the bath than anything else.” He was smiling softly though, beautiful in Hux's eyes. “Yes but the bath also comes with a wet, naked, man. I'm sure it would be very relaxing.” Smirking Kylo picked him up bodily, he let out a small laugh of surprise as he was carried in strong arms before being dumped unceremoniously in the warm water. Brushing his hair out of his eyes he felt Kylo slide in next to him and moved to wrap around him in the water, tasting the droplets on his lips. They stretched out together, lying in the water Kylo brushing wet strands of hair from Hux's face. He loved the colour, darkened slightly by the water, mentally comparing it to the hair on the rest of the man's body. Reaching for a bottle behind him, he lathered his hands, running them through fiery strands, fingers combing lightly. Hux let out a sigh of contentment as those large hands ran down, soaping every inch of his body, feather light touches making him squirm. He kissed the other man softly before moving to wrap his arms around him from behind. He ran his fingers up smooth muscles, pressing his face into Kylo's neck to run open mouthed kisses along it, sucking gently. Grabbing a sponge he began soaping down the toned body, deliberately brushing across sensitive nipples before moving lower. Caressing the growing hardness between Kylo's legs Hux's mouth moved to the pulse point behind the shell of Kylo's ear, tongue flicking out to draw the lobe into his mouth and suck gently. The dark haired man let out a low hum, sinking lower in the bath to rest his head on Hux's pale chest. Slim fingers smoothed through unruly curls, gently massaging Kylo's scalp. A small kiss was pressed to the top of his head, the other man's chin resting atop it, arms wrapped back around his shoulders, holding him close. Kylo could feel the other man's erection at his back, warmer than even the water around them, he rubbed a hand over Hux's knee, squeezing softly. He turned, sloshing water around the edges of the pool, gathering the General into his arms, hands roaming everywhere, rubbing, squeezing, the soap bubbles making everything slipperier. Diving for the redhead's mouth he lost his balance, plunging them both into the water. Emerging with his hair over his eyes he caught Hux wearing an expression that could only be described as adoration. “Maybe we should move this some place less slippery.” His voice was warm, face open and smiling, body more relaxed than Kylo thought possible for someone as put together as the General. The water ran in rivulets over the pale curve of the man's ass as he stood, Kylo's mouth suddenly dry as he watched the redhead towel himself off. Hux quirked an eyebrow at the younger man as he wandered out towards the sleeping area. Kylo hurriedly pulled himself out of the tub, hair dripping down his back as he dried himself in a rush. Hux was on his bed, propping himself up on his elbows to watch as Kylo entered the room. Kylo moved around the side of the bed, hovering over the smaller man, an air of concentration surrounding him, as if planning an attack. Hux reached up to pull him onto the soft sheets, droplets of water scattering over his chest as Kylo held himself above him, tongue darting out to wet pink lips. Grabbing the back of his neck, Hux pulled him down, tasting his mouth deeply, a clash of tongues and saliva. Kylo's hands mapped his body reverentially, as if he wanted to memorise every last inch. He grabbed the back of Hux's head as he moved to pull back, wet hair sliding against his fingers, he wanted to pour his breath into the man, give him every ounce of himself. If Hux had Kylo Ren then the Light side could not. He had searched the General's mind and found only power and passion. They could share that, Kylo was sure, he would only get stronger. They were gasping as they pulled apart, sweat slicked chests sliding against one another, erections brushing together with every movement. Kylo gave a rough wave and a bottle of oil landed next to them on the bed, only to be ignored as they rolled together once more. Hot breaths mingled as their mouths collided, fingers in wet hair, strong grips on arms, waists, hips. Hux wanted to lose himself in the other man, taste a little of the chaos within him. The fire in his belly raged, fingers gripping tight, wanting to mark Kylo as his own; he was a man of contradictions, so powerful yet so weak underneath him and Hux wanted it all. A ragged whisper came from Kylo's lips, “I want you, please.” Hux gave a moan, sliding out from beneath his body, pressing the taller man onto his stomach, aching cock trapped against the sheets. He fished around for the oil bottle, uncorking it to pour streams of slippery liquid onto the broad shoulders of the man beneath him. He worked downwards, moving circles across the muscled back, ignoring the arch of Kylo's spine as he raised his ass upwards. When he reached slim hips he reached around, stroking an oiled hand up the hardness beneath him. Kylo moaned now, a low reverberation in his throat, hips arching further. Hux bent to press a kiss to the base of Kylo's spine, tongue flicking out to slip up the crease of his ass. A gasp, followed by a low whine as Hux repeated the motion, saliva easing the way as he pressed his tongue inside the younger man. Another generous helping of oil and his mouth was replaced by fingers, lips moving up to graze lightly across Kylo's shoulder blades. A sigh of relief “Yessss. Come on, give it to me.” It wasn't quite a demand and Hux was determined to take his time working the man open, fingers probing, seeking exactly the right spot. Kylo was pushing his hips back now, impatient, trying to impale himself on the slick digits. Hux gave a low chuckle, “Patience, love.” A growl and he was thrown on his back, the other man not lifting a finger, the pressure of the Force holding him down. Dark eyes glittered as Kylo crouched above him, grabbing the bottle to slick Hux's cock, he was done with patience. He sank down slowly, feeling Hux fill him completely, bending over the immobile man to kiss his face. He raised himself up, gripping Hux's shoulders for leverage before circling his hips back down. The redhead moaned beneath him, trying to grab Kylo's hips, trying to thrust up but pinned by the power of the man riding him. “Ah, Kylo, let me touch you, please.” Another thrust, up and down, agonisingly slow, and a voice, almost singsong, “Patience, love.” Kylo angled himself as he moved, trying to hit the right spot, clenching as he slid down on the shaft again and again. He could feel Hux's frustration building alongside arousal, face flushing as his breaths sped up. Another shift of the hips felt pure pleasure shoot up his spine, breaking his concentration on holding Hux down. Pale hands gripped his hips, wiry strength moving them both, Hux on his knees, Kylo writhing in his lap. Hux's thrusts were deep, every movement sending another jolt through the other man, wringing moans from his mouth. Kylo was moving still, hands on the redhead's shoulders, lifting up and slamming the other man to the hilt inside him. It was sweaty, hot working-for-it pleasure, Kylo's leaking cock trapped between them. Hux was hot inside him, hard thrusts bringing stars to his eyes. The General's eyes were shut tight, pressure already building inside of him, Kylo's body too hot, too tight, clenching around him, bringing him to the edge. Kylo could feel it, Hux's pleasure in his own mind as their bodies worked together, thrusting, sliding, sweating. He wrapped his arms around Hux's shoulders, panting, “Let go. Come for me, let me feel you.” Hux's fingers clenched tight on his back, thrusts speeding up as Kylo took himself in hand, pumping his fist in the same rhythm. He felt a swelling inside him, a warm pulsing as Hux's seed coated his insides. “Ah! Kylo, I...” Whatever he was about to say was cut off as Kylo joined their mouths, tongues tangling as he frantically stroked himself, Hux's thrusts shuddering as he rode through his climax. He moaned into Hux's mouth as his own cock shuddered, spurting between them. He let out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding, collapsing his weight into Hux's arms. Their foreheads leaned together, sweaty strands of hair plastered down. Bodies relaxing they held each other, limbs tangled in sheets as they kissed, revelling in the contact. Hux had work to do, Kylo had a trail to follow, but for now, in this moment, it was just them. Notes: Until next time friends. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Awakenings series