Oral Talents “That’s my Kylo Ren mating call.” When he did not react other than his head tilting towards his right shoulder an inch, you sobered up. Not enough, however, to refrain from blurting out, “I’ll talk Vader to you.” You put a hand over your mouth, imitating the fallen Lord’s heavy breathing. “I find your lack of nakedness disturbing.” Rather than implement use of the Force or cut you in two with his lightsaber as you were beginning to expect would happen, the Knight took a step backwards into the room. The electricity running through the broken cables again sparked. Kylo Ren shifted to the side, allowing you enough room to enter through the door. You stumbled forward a little as you walked, holding up a hand to steady yourself. The door closed behind you, and you suddenly felt a weight pressing you down. You collapsed to your knees as Kylo Ren stepped towards you. “Continue.” A single word spoken with such authority yet also…a kindling of interest. The weight of the Force shifted from your hand, yet kept your legs in place so that you were kneeling before him. You lifted your hand to cover your mouth again. You started to breath heavily, once more mimicking Darth Vader. A blush rose to your cheeks as Kylo Ren reached pulled aside a portion of his robe, undid the front of his pants, and withdrew his half-swollen member. Your breathing hitched then you managed. “Impressive. Most impressive.” “And did you memorize these lines for the purpose of seducing me?” Almost mocking yet also impressed. You squirmed a little under his scrutiny. Kylo Ren seized the back of your head, urging you forward. You shifted your hand from your mouth to his growing erection. Your breath hit against the tip of his cock as you shyly ran your fingers up and down his length. He allowed you a moment of this before pulling your head forward. Your lips parted and he slipped the first few inches into your mouth. “Hum.” “Hmm?” His fingers tightened on your hair in warning. You winced as the flesh of your scalp was pulled a little at his treatment. “Your…mating call for me.” “Mm!” you hummed in recognition. You raised your other hand to cup his sac as you began humming out the Imperial Death March with him in your mouth. You bobbed your head up and down his length, using your hand to pleasure what portion of him was not in your orifice. He was slick with your saliva, your humming momentarily offbeat as you swirled your tongue along his slit. Kylo Ren shuddered, using the hand that was not holding your head in place to steady himself against the door. His hips bucked forward, his cock hitting the back of your throat. You hummed around it, Lord Vader’s song playing in your head. It was almost funny that the man’s grandson was breathing quite like him in arousal. Heavy panting. Gasps. His sounds nearly drowned out all the sparking electrical wires in your mind. He could easily have prevented the sounds that were escaping, you well knew. Kylo Ren, though he could have emotional outlashes, could keep his composure in many other situations. Him allowing you to hear how much pleasure he was deriving from your mouth was your reward for being so brave as to flirt with him. Even if it was your inebriated state that had given you such courage. Your humming ceased only when your mouth was filled with his cum. You worked his cock, swallowing and continuing to suck as he thrust his hips forward until he had fully softened. He pulled back from you, a line of saliva trailing from his cock to your mouth. “I… Can’t think of a Vader quote for that.” “That’s just as well,” Kylo Ren said as he gracefully genuflected before you. You gulped in air, marveling over how he could retain such an air of authority when his dick was still exposed. With a gloved hand, he reached between your legs, cupping your pussy, which was quite wet from your own arousal. “I have you now.” A Vader line from the man’s grandson. You bit your bottom lip and groaned. “S-sir… I…” You were a mewling mess as he started to rub you, drawing two fingers up and down along your clothed folds. His thumb pressed directly above your clit. “Ah!” You resisted the urge to grab onto his shoulders, to reach for any part of his body that might cause him to rethink his treatment of you. Entangling your fingers in your own hair, you allowed your head to fall back a little. “C-can you… Can you talk Kylo to me?” “I’ve been waiting for this for a long time.” Your hands drifted down to your face, covering the deep shades of blush that had formed. He expertly maneuvered his hand into the front of your uniform pants and past the barrier of your panties. The feel of his glove against you like that had you rising a little on your knees. Your hands were behind you now, reaching for something to grasp, however the cool surface of the door offered nothing. Your nails scraped noisily along it. His middle finger slipped into your depths. Your head hit loudly against the door as you threw it back. “…ouch.” He started to remove his finger from you, and you at last touched him, both of your hands seizing his wrist to stop his actions. “No, no, no. Please…finish showing me the power of the Dark Side.” He pressed his index finger tightly against his middle then pressed inside of you again. Both digits curled and uncurled within you. You ground against him, riding his fingers as he added a third. You held onto his wrist with one of your hands while you shoved the other into your panties. You pressed down against your clit, rotating your hips so that you could fuck yourself on his fingers and tease your clitoris with yours. Kylo Ren yanked his hand away, tugging your underwear and pants along with him. Your hand abandoned its task of stimulating your clit. He pulled on your legs so that you were tugged to the ground. You managed to avoid hitting your head on the floor, and soon became distracted by the fact that he had set his legs atop either of your arms, effectively pinning them. The Knight gripped his helmet, which emitted a clicking noise prior to being lifted off his head. You averted your gaze; though you had every wish to see his face, you feared the consequences of doing so lightly. Pressure on the back of your head caused you to lift that portion of your anatomy. You stiffened under Kylo Ren as the Knight lowered his helmet onto you. You blinked as your breathing filtered into your ears, distorted the slightest bit by the modulator within the helmet. You grunted when your legs were lifted and set on either of the man’s shoulders. A puff of air hit against your wet pussy, and your hands instinctively attempted to reach for your swollen cunt. You moaned a little at finding how pinned down you truly were. Your hands gripped his thighs desperately, your chest heaving, as you felt his tongue swirl around your clit. You curled your toes and arched as best you could into the touch. He lapped experimentally at you then slurped some of your juices noisily into his mouth. His lips closed around your clitoris and then he hummed. His voice was still deep, though a little different without the helmet that was now on you. The vibrations, in the rhythm of the Imperial Death March, had you breathing heavily. He pressed kisses against you multiple times before his tongue delved into your depths. His hands were on your hips, preventing you from moving too much. Your fingers dug into his thighs. You both loved and hated the defenseless position in which he had placed you. In many ways it felt nice to be at his mercy. He suckled on you, drew back, and a sharp thread of air met you again as he blew. You could feel him turn his head, could feel hair against your left leg as he nipped the inner portion of your right thigh. Both sensations caused a tingling to travel through you. Fingers danced up and down your side then dipped between your legs, thrusting once more inside of you. Kylo Ren trailed your juices, which thickly coated those digits, to your clitoris. He rocked his fingers fast and hard against your clitoris as he replaced his mouth to your opening and tongue-fucked you. You found yourself screaming in pleasure, your voice deeper and slightly muffled due to the mask. You unconsciously began massaging his thighs as you rode out your orgasm. He unhooked both your legs from his shoulders, shifting onto his knees as he set your limbs around his waist. You felt the air knocked out of you when he thrust his cock into you. You immediately gripped tightly onto him with your legs, your arms hooking up under his and grasping at his back. His mouth was attacking your throat, blocking your view of his face. His cock was buried deep inside of you, hitting your g-spot almost immediately. You knew without a doubt that he had gazed into your mind to know how you liked to be handled. To know what would make your walls clench tightly around him as they were doing. You bucked your hips against his, again throwing your head back when he reached between your bodies and pleasured your clitoris whilst jerking his hips forward. This time when your head hit the door, the helmet took the blunt of the blow. It slammed loudly, and your skull was left without a mark. Kylo Ren stood in a fluid motion, pulling you up along with him. Your back was against the cool metal of the door, your ass slamming into it rhythmically. The damaged wires were hissing all around the room, cutting into the sounds of flesh smacking against wet flesh. He lifted the helmet off your head and allowed it to fall to the ground. You did not receive a chance to see his face, his mouth on yours, his hand tilting your head to the side so that he could better dominate you. You felt as though you were going to swallow his tongue the way it undulated towards the back of your throat when you found yourself swallowing down saliva—both yours and his. He wrapped his tongue around yours, drawing it into his mouth. “Mmmmm….” You breathed noisily through your nose every few seconds, Kylo Ren acting similarly so that your mouths would not stop their movements. He rocked his hips faster into yours, never fully withdrawing his cock from your depths before thrusting it up into you. Faster, deeper. His tongue caressed yours. You held onto his left biceps with one hand, your other hand in his hair so that you could pull his mouth even closer. He swallowed down many of your moans, all the while groaning and grunting as he fucked you. “Sing,” he said against your lips, the word wet with both your tongues sliding along one another. “Mmm…mmmwhat?” You could barely get the word out, neither of you wanting to place any distance between any portion of your bodies. The metal door groaned as your ass was once more driven against it. “My name.” You started to do as he had asked—commanded—yet found yourself half-moaning, half-humming Kylo Ren when his lips closed around yours. His hands were on your breasts, squeezing, massaging, kneading. Your knees dug into his lower back as you found yourself practically contorting in on yourself in ecstasy. You half-sung, half-moaned his name, the sound causing your lips and his to tingle. His breath was against you when at last he broke the contact. Your eyelids fluttered. Those dark eyes, that finely sculpted face, dance in your vision. “Mmmm…Ky….lo…Re…nnnn….” A final thrust as you both were brought to completion. A final occurrence of you throwing your head back, once more no longer protected by the helmet. “…ow…ouch.” He outlined your jaw with a single, gloved hand, moving you so that his eyes could roam your face. “You have quite a talent with your mouth. Singing. Humming. Quoting.” He dropped his gaze, turning his head and considering his helmet. “Your…labored breathing could use some work.” You blushed hotly, biting on your bottom lip and finding yourself unable to meet his eye for more than half a second at the delicious things he was implying.