Choked You huffed a sigh before setting yourself once more to the task at hand. Kylo Ren, in a literal fit of rage, had once more destroyed the nearest objects with his lightsaber. Unfortunately for you, that had included a computer that held the files you were to submit to your superior. Fate, it would have it, decided to play you for a fool. You had momentarily left the room without having saved the files on a backup drive as you normally did. Now you were attempting to get the computer to start up long enough to get those files. The screen flickered then went black. A scowl from you. You really hated Kylo Ren. The one time you had had any personal interaction with the man was when he was force choking you due to you having to be the bearer of bad news. Tears gathered in your eyes as you once more attempted to start up the computer. Someone shuffled into the room behind you. You wiped at your eyes then chanced a glance over your shoulder. Blonde hair… Glasses. It must be that radar technician people were talking about. What was his name again? As you tried to summon up from your memory that bit of information, the man, not once smiling, stared down at you and said. “I’m Matt…the Radar Technician.” How very robotic, you thought in regards to his monotone voice. All the same, you forced a smile and mustered out, “Hi… I’m (y/n)… And right now… I’m busy.” As you spoke the final bit, you turned back to the computer. You huffed out another sigh. Then his profession clicked into place. “Ah! Matt!” The man, having started to walk to a different part of the room, paused. His eyes narrowed the slightest bit as he looked at you. You could not blame him. Newbies were always picked on, and no doubt the Stormtroopers especially were giving him a hard time. You waved him to closer to you. Matt hesitantly came to your side, however made no move to kneel down to your level. You gestured towards the computer, explaining to him that it was destroyed by Kylo Ren and that you desperately needed a few files from it. “You wouldn’t happen to know how to get them, would you? I mean, I don’t have a spare computer to put the hard drive in… Well, I don’t even know how to remove the hard drive. But I really need these files. My job literally depends on it.” As you spoke, you alternately looked from the cracked, blank screen to Matt and back. The blonde peered through his glasses at you. When you had mentioned Kylo’s name, he had once more attained that look of suspicion. You knit your brow for but a moment. Matt looked over his shoulder then back at you. “Uh… Do you not know how?” you asked, thinking it strange. Wouldn’t it be easy for a technician? What with General Hux’s high standards for hired help, one would believe it so. “I…know how.” You could have sworn his right eye twitched as he spoke, yet you dismissed this when he at last knelt beside you. You scooted to allow more room for the man as he gingerly reached for the computer. His finger hovered above one of the keys. “What do you think of Kylo Ren?” “Well… He essentially destroyed my work and he’s force choked me before.” He glanced your way. “That isn’t hint enough?” “You don’t have a high opinion of him?” There was an edge in his voice that you missed in your currently distracted state. You rolled your eyes. “Oh, no. I absolutely love being force choked. Turns me on.” He blinked at you and glanced down the length of your body. You coughed into a fist. “I don’t… That doesn’t turn me on. I… Why are you hitting the return button? That isn’t going to do anything. I already tried it.” He jerked his hand away. Matt’s posture straightened. You could have sworn he looked agitated, yet you decided to dismiss this as well. All part of being new to the job, you told yourself. Poor guy was probably stressed. You shook your head, set a hand near his, and made a shooing motion. “I appreciate it, Matt. You trying to help. But… I’m sure you have a lot on your plate. Don’t worry about it. I’ll figure it out.” You proceeded to hold down the power button until the screen flickered. With a groan, you watched it die once more. “Damn that sweet-assed shit head,” you hissed through your teeth. Matt’s attention whipped to you. You met his gaze. It took you half a second to realize what you had said. You quickly put a finger to your lips. “Don’t tell anyone.” “Did you just refer to Kylo Ren as ‘shit head’?” His voice was oddly familiar when he used that tone. And why did he seem so irritated? Then the next second he blinked, a look of confusion crossing his features. “Sweet-assed?” A deep blush settled on your cheeks. You swallowed hard at the way Matt was staring at you. As though he was not exactly sure how to react. You cleared your throat. “Well… You know… When he bends over the computers sometimes you can… His cloak outlines his…” You made a swooping gesture to indicate his ass. “Just… Just shut up, Matt!” Your voice squeaked. Greatly embarrassed, you turned back to the computer screen. Not knowing what else to do, you kept tapping the power button. Then the return key. Matt would not leave no matter how much time had passed. Several minutes of silence later with Matt the Radar Technician and the man finally spoke again: “Have you seen Kylo Ren’s lightsaber?” You blanched, looking at him. “Don’t mock me with your sexual euphemisms, Matt!” A few seconds later, very quietly, “…you were talking about the actual lightsaber, weren’t you?” “…yes.” “Yes.” “What do you think of it?” Holy shit… Matt has a man-crush on Kylo Ren, doesn’t he? You looked in his direction to find that the blonde was still staring at you. “Erm… Well… It’s obviously effective.” Here you gestured towards the computer. Matt’s eyes shifted towards the ruined electronic. “You could ask for an extension.” “I don’t think… I don’t think any of my superiors would give it to me. It’s common knowledge that one needs to back up their files when Kylo Ren is near.” Again with that eye twitch. You nervously tucked some of your hair behind your ear. “Uh, how are you liking it here, Matt?” “Work…is…work…” As though he is recalling something he has heard before. You blinked at him. Then, at last giving up on your attempts to retrieve the lost files, you asked, “What do you think of Kylo Ren.” Within four seconds were you regretting having asked. Five minutes later, you were wondering how a newbie could know so much about Kylo Ren. Another three minutes, you were not sure whether or not there was an established Kylo Ren fanclub you were oblivious to. Two more minutes and an explanation of how great Kylo Ren’s control over the force was later, you were worried about Matt’s sanity. Another forty-five seconds and then came Matt revealing that his friend had seen Kylo Ren remove his shirt in the shower. As he was stating that his friend said Kylo Ren was shredded, you piped up with: “Why was you friend in the shower with Kylo Ren? I didn’t think Kylo used the public showers.” “Well—“ You leaned even closer, your face only inches from his. “Matt… Is… Was your friend…with Kylo Ren… Y’know…like… that ?” The moment he raised his hand, you realized why it was his voice was familiar when he took on certain tones. Realized it because simultaneous to that moment, you found you could not breathe. Once more was Kylo Ren force choking you. And then you felt a prodding at your mind. Your face became flushed not just for a lack of oxygen. For the first time Matt… Kylo Ren, you reminded yourself, had a ghost of a smile on his face. You had lied to him before when you had denied your kink. Being force choked by Kylo Ren did turn you on.