Against Regulations He was a stickler for them. Rules and regulations were followed obsessively, and this no doubt was one of the reasons he held such a high rank despite being young. You held General Hux in high regard, though you tried not to show this too much. You caught yourself staring at him on more than one occasion when he would enter the room. You would mentally berate yourself for the way he would almost catch you. Or perhaps he did see in his peripheral vision that your eyes would roam across his features. Never smiling. Always so serious. Though Kylo Ren wore a helmet, you figured him to be similar in that respect. It was little wonder the two disagreed on more than one front. They were near to one another in age, and both had gained a generous standing, albeit via different routes. The darkly clad bane of General Hux’s existence had once more destroyed part of the ship. The General held onto the file that outlined the expenses. You glanced surreptitiously his way. An expression more grim than usual twisted his features. Kylo Ren regarded the man with what seemed to be an air of indifference. Or, no. It was more of a challenge. He wanted to see what General Hux would do in regards to the damage. See him crumble under pressure. The General merely handed the file to one of your comrades. “See that this is promptly taken care of.” “Sir.” Your eyes darted towards the door along with your comrade, who had taken the file and headed out. You did not realize that you had been neglecting your work for longer than necessary until you heard that masculine voice hiss out your family name. You jumped a bit in your seat, your head whipping in General Hux’s direction. You could feel Kylo Ren observing you as well, and you wished for all the world that you could shrink into nothingness. That piercing gaze from your superior did not relent. “S-sir?” “Escort Lord Ren to his temporary living quarters.” You were being punished, you realized, for failing to live up to the General’s high standards. He was already in a mood due to Kylo Ren’s destructive fit, which had indeed ruined a portion of the Knight’s room. You shakily stood, nodding and saying, “S-Sir.” You held back a wince at the quiver in your voice. Not that anyone could blame you. The General had practically handed over a death sentence, for Pete’s sake! Despite the fear welling up inside of you, you managed to carry yourself in the appropriate fashion that befit your occupation aboard the Finalizer as you proceeded to do what the General had commanded of you. Kylo Ren’s footfalls were nearly silent. From your peripheral, you could see him executing his normal long strides before he slowed. For your benefit? You could not be sure, and you dared not ask. Though he said nothing to you as you led him to his temporary quarters, you could feel the man observing you. You paused at the door to Kylo Ren’s temporary quarters. Rather than continue past you as you had expected of the man, the Knight of Ren also stopped. He turned at his torso then shifted his feet as well. You stood stiffly, staring straight ahead at the wall though you could see him in the very corner of your eye. Tall as he was in comparison to you, Kylo Ren bent forward a fraction of an inch and lessened that distance. “(Y/n).” You clenched your jaw, sweat gathering on your brow as the man spoke your name. The General, you reminded yourself, had uttered only your family name. Which meant this man had invaded your mind to take what he wanted. “You may think of yourself as… exceptional ”—here you winced at his word choice, aware that he knew —“however, I expect better from those aboard this ship.” Without another word, he entered his temporary quarters. You felt your lips part, a breath of air puffing out. Your chest heaved as you tried to remember how to breathe correctly. It was difficult to gauge what the Knight of Ren would do with the information he had taken from you. You squeezed your eyes closed then forced yourself to make the return to your delegated workspace for the day. General Hux did not spare so much as a glance when you entered. This time, you did not look his way even when he was otherwise distracted. Your worry did not fade over the course of the day. If anything, it grew and matured within you. So much so that when night came and you heard the knock of the door, you could only cover your mouth with a hand to prevent from crying out. You lowered the limb, forced yourself to straighten your posture, and pulled open the door. Your eyes were on his booted feet. That you could not meet his gaze gave him all the information he needed. “So, he is aware,” General Hux said as he entered your room. “Y-yes, sir.” He paused in the center of your room. Out of habit, he was surveying the area to see if everything met regulations. Your sheets were folded perfectly. Books were in order. There was not much that could displease him. Despite this, it took you the better part of a minute to turn around so that you were no longer back-to-back. “I expected as much.” You furrowed your brow, a questioning expression appearing on your features. The General shifted on his foot, his eyes sweeping over you. “There have been hints from his end.” Emotionless. He did not let a single drop of worry trickle into his voice. He moved towards your door, turning the lock. Your breath hitched when you heard that click. So, you thought, General Hux was not going to allow Kylo Ren to alter his plans in the least. You kept your gaze on the ground as his hands seized your hips. He pressed against you, his mouth beside your ear so that you could feel his hot breath. Though you were no stranger to the heat that started to build, you gasped all the same. It was against regulations to have relations with a superior officer on your part. To allow the General to shove you to your knees as he was? Your heart was racing in your chest. An exception to his normal routine, to the way he stuck to regulations. Exceptional. Kylo Ren’s words filled your mind as General Hux undid the buckle of his belt. You glanced up, searchingly, into his face. Those blue eyes surveyed you for half a beat. Then a hand gently met your cheek. His thumb caressed you, and you lifted your hands to undo the front of his pants. Kylo Ren could destroy any bit of the Finalizer that he wanted. He wasn’t going to ruin this. Not when General Hux would make such a face as you took his cock into your mouth. The way he would hiss, would allow a level of his sternness to drop. Would appear almost vulnerable, if only for a second. The first time he had given into temptation, he had uttered out a phrase to ‘screw regulations’. He had woven his fingers through your hair much as he was doing right then as he thrust into your mouth, his thickness filling your orifice. You never complained when he would shove his belt into your mouth. Inside you would bite down so that it stifled your moans and screams of pleasure as the General fucked you. You wrapped your legs around his waist, tugging him closer, deeper into you. When the belt was not enough, you would turn your head into your pillow, or else grab said object and nearly smother yourself as he made you cum. Though no one else on the ship could hear you, General Hux was able to. Perfectly. You could always tell from the smirk on his lips that he heard you screaming his name as he brought you to orgasm. It was no wonder the Knight of Ren had seemed to irritated, had said such a thing to you. No matter what he did, General Hux would act accordingly. Never lost face. You were the only thing he did against regulations.