Oppression Oppressive. The thought flickered through your mind each time you were writhing underneath him. Sweat covering your naked flesh, you would gasp and arch into his touch as he pressed deeper within you. Both physically and mentally did the man take you. The gentle prodding that you could never deny, the way he would access all your thoughts. You felt as though you were suffocating sometimes, yet not once did you complain. The pleasure would mount in waves, sometimes receding as your head was overwhelmed with thoughts, memories, images. Weak. Not capable as a soldier, though you had come far as a medic instead. You healed whomever you could, yet saw so many deaths. The red on your hands. Blood. Another failure. Is this how he saw you? No, you had to remind yourself, these were your thoughts. The few times he allowed you access into his own mind, you were brought to the brink of tears. Such loneliness, anger, frustration. The red on your hands. Blood. A victory. These were his thoughts, and they were even more oppressive than your own. He would never stay the night with you. When he pulled out of your body, out of your head, Kylo Ren would redress. Covered in sweat and left breathless, you would watch him. During your first few encounters, he had maintained that masked visage. As time went on, as he delved further into your mind and then allowed you to partake in some of his memories, the Knight of Ren had shown you his true face. You had expected something more monstrous. He had known this, yet his expression had remained neutral as you had stood there in shock. Though he brought you often to the edge of crying, you would not allow a single tear to fall until after he left. The emptiness of his retreat, the way he left you to manage your own thoughts alone had you huddling into a ball. You were not sure whether you preferred his oppressive presence or the neglect. All the same, it was almost a kindness he paid you, that you were never left in a position where you would sob in his presence. During the day, you would sometimes feel that prodding as you performed your duties. Red on your hands as you stitched a wound, a gentle nudge at your mind as Kylo Ren peered into your head. When you were near men who stared for perhaps a millisecond too long, a sudden burst of clouds in your mind that caused you to tense. He was always watching, and he would remind you in those moments that your mind belonged to him. In such times, you would dismiss yourself when you could. Attend to another patient. Or else, with shaky hands, finish ensuring that the individual who had evoked such jealousy from Kylo Ren would not lose a limb or else perish. He did not allow himself to be touched so easily, yet at the same time he would bring himself close to people. So near, as if daring them to reach out. To be killed in his rage. He could do anything he wanted, take anything he wanted. Yet he remained untouchable in so many ways. In your bed, he would allow you the privilege of placing your hands on his chest, on his shoulders. Never his face. Never anywhere he did not wish. His hands would seize yours, would lead them to where he wished you to hold, to touch. Kylo Ren would stare down at you with an expression that was a touch above the cold manner he regarded so many. His hands would hover above your body a long while before he would at last press you against the mattress and take you, mind and body. A sob racked your frame. Red running from your hands. Blood. A failure. Kylo Ren had not yet come this night, yet still you were crying. Regardless of his absence, your mind swirled with memories you wished would be silenced. The water from the shower did nothing to ease your pain. The heat simply washed over you then swirled in a mini tornado with the blood around the drain. It was the first time he watched you cry. Entering the bathroom and pulling aside the curtain, the man had stood there for a number of seconds. Silent, calculating. Then that gentle nudge at the corner of your mind. You bowed your head in shame, wishing for all the world he could not see you like this. But he pressed harder. It weighed heavily on your mind suddenly that he needed this. You caved into his oppressive will, allowing him without a fight to observe your misery over losing a close companion. Realized that he wanted to be reminded of this part of humanity, a portion he denied himself so often. When he was satisfied with your thoughts and memories, he allowed you a glance into his own mind. The view of you below him, writhing in pleasure and silent agony. Being dominated by him. You obeyed this unspoken command and shut off the water. Exited the shower and did not bother to dry off. You gasped underneath him when the two of you were stripped of your clothing. You, giving to his oppressive nature presence to keep your sanity. He, clouding your mind so that he could remind himself that it was better to retain his detached nature. The darkness of the world threatened to drown you, and so you clung to him. The light called to him, attempted to pull him back, and so he drowned himself in you.