Karaoke Night Perhaps, given your current state, you should not have been the one selected to go check to see if Kylo Ren had finished destroying the electronics in the portion of the ship he had been left. It was karaoke night, which meant much singing and more than a little consumption of alcohol. Still, you were perhaps a little more clear-headed than a few of your comrades. Which is why you were stumbling down the corridor. The crackling of cut wires could be heard from the other side of the door. No banging, however that did not mean anything. You tentatively knocked, having no desire to intrude should the Knight still be coming down from his rage. “Kylo?” You knocked once more. When you received no response, your inebriated mind returned to the fact that it was karaoke time. “Do you wanna build a Deathstar? Come on, and please don’t slay~ I never see you anymore, come out the door; it’s like you’ve gone away~ “We used to be fuck buddies…” Perhaps that wasn’t quite true, but, hell, it worked. “And now we’re not. I wish you would tell me why!” A pause. You could hear someone shifting to the door, boots pounding against the ground, alternatively rough as though in pursuit then softer as though the owner wasn’t quite sure how the hell to react. “Do you wanna build a Deathstar?” You pressed your mouth against the door. “It doesn’t have to be a Deathstar!” “…go away, soldier.” “Okay, bye…” And indeed you did begin to obey the command, in part due to the fact that the Knight of Ren had played along with your bout of karaoke. You were not certain whether this was a happy coincidence or if he had truly known the lines. A yard and a half from the door, however, and you realized that you did not have a definitive answer as to whether or not he was finished with slicing through everything. Thus you literally skipped back to the door. Cupping your mouth between your hands you started: “Dundun Dundundun Dundundun.” At the sound of the Imperial Death March, the door opened. The Knight stood directly in front of you, sparks flying from various portions of the room. “That’s my Kylo Ren mating call,” you admitted with a drunken giggle.