Biggest Fan You never would have believed that you could be so lucky. That geeky new guy, Matt, had somehow managed to find Kylo Ren’s lightsaber. You had stared with rapt attention as he had shown it to the stormtrooper, who had stupidly said it looked dangerous and like a child made it. “Well then you don’t have to look at it anymore!” the blonde, enraged, had shouted seconds before throwing the lightsaber across the room. Almost everyone was horrorstruck. You, meanwhile, waited patiently. Then, when no one was paying attention, you snuck over to where the discarded weapon lay… You never would have believed you would be lucky enough to hold something of Kylo Ren’s, much less his lightsaber. Nor that you would be able to sneak it back to your room. Presently, you sighed as you stood with your hands clasped one in the other. A goofy grin spread across your face as you stared into the depths of your mini closet, inside of which was your shrine. Originally you had applied for the job in order to work under General Hux, whom you admired as a leader. But then you had seen him. Kylo Ren. The man never seemed to enjoy being touched, which caught your interest. Especially considering how often he tended to invade others’ personal space. Those tantrums? While everyone else was scared shitless, you always wished you had a camera with which to record them. The pure strength needed to cause such mayhem… You once more sighed as you stared at the lightsaber that was placed in front of the picture you had surreptitiously taken of Kylo Ren when the masked man had been distracted by one of his many debates with General Hux. To the right of the lightsaber was the mini Kylo Ren plush that you had made. It was…cute. Any other Kylo Ren would be jealous. Part of you wanted to show Matt, and yet… What if he stole it? The man seemed to be as much of a fan of Kylo Ren as you were. I can’t believe he was stupid enough to throw the lightsaber! you screamed in your mind whilst outwardly releasing a squeak of joy. You closed your closet, locked it, and then headed out of your room. No need to be written up for neglecting your duties. As you headed down the hallway, you caught sight of a rather flustered-looking Matt. You furrowed your brow as you watched the blonde, who seemed to be growing all the more perturbed as time went on. “Whaddup, Matt?” He stiffened at the phrase. The man looked in your direction with a frown. “You… Uh, did you get lost? It’s a pretty big place. I got lost once during my first week.” “I…” He paused, clenching his jaw. The fingers of his left hand curled as he made a fist. The next second he relaxed those digits. “Have you seen Kylo Ren’s lightsaber?” It’s mine now! you crowed in your head. Blinking, you placed a single finger against your bottom lip. “Hmm… Isn’t it usually with him? Did he send you to find it?” “He… Yes. Yes he did.” If I’m the one to return the lightsaber… But Matt would probably still get the credit. Wait, does Kylo Ren even know that Matt found it in the first place? Truth be told, even if you would have been the one to receive the credit, it pained you to even think of giving up the lightsaber. You forced yourself to relax your facial features as you blatantly lied about having seen the weapon of your idol. Matt gave a sharp nod then started to walk past you. A few steps later, however, he paused. You grit your teeth, hoping against all hope that he had not seen through your lie. You did what you could to look inconspicuous. “What is your name?” “Uhm… (full name).” “Where were you—“ As he started the question, your mind was screaming. When he finished with the time at which he had thrown the lightsaber, you tried to do all you could to not cringe. You cleared your throat. “I was… I was…having….lunch….” “Did you see Kylo Ren’s lightsaber?” “Kylo Ren didn’t give you the task of finding it did he?” “What?” Stern, his eyes narrowing the slightest bit behind his glasses. You narrowed your eyes as well and thrust a finger in his direction. “I know you’re a Kylo Ren fanboy, but guess what? You threw away the lightsaber. Finders keepers, buddy!” He started to open his mouth then closed it. Began to look angered then appeared thoughtful. Matt observed you for several seconds in silence, during which time you fiddled nervously. You were ready to fight for your right to keep the lightsaber, yet at the same time were not sure how willing Matt was. Physically there was a chance he would gain the upper hand. Matt, however, merely considered you for a little longer before asking: “So… You are a fan of Kylo Ren?” “Of course,” you said with a scoff, as though deeply insulted that there existed an implication you were anything else. “He isn’t that much older than me, and look at how powerful he is. Such authority. I admired General Hux for so long, and yet when I started working here and saw Kylo Ren… I couldn’t stop staring. I’m sure you know. When did you first become a Kylo Ren fan?” “…since forever.” You narrowed your eyes in deep suspicion. “Well then, if you’re such a huge fan… Why would you throw away his lightsaber ?” “…” Once more did he open his mouth to respond, however the man appeared to be at a loss for words. Matt took a step closer to you in a single stride that reminded you of your idol. You seized your bottom lip between your teeth, looking the man up and down. He must have noticed your response, for he paused and with his lips slightly parted. You slipped your arms behind your back, holding onto your right with your left hand. You pressed your legs tightly together. “You, uh… You know how to walk just like him, you know.” “I… Yes.” Being so involved in your obsession with Kylo Ren, it had been quite some time since you had flirted. You were not sure what to do. And you also worried that Matt would steal back the lightsaber should you invite him back to your room. “Wow.” “You’re impressed by the way he walks?” “It’s very masculine.” “Yes. Exactly.” Very proud. And you could not blame him for being so proud, given that he was able to accomplish such a feat as well. “Hey… Matt… Do you… Do you roleplay?” He shot you a questioning look, which prompted you to elaborate. “Could you… Uhm… If I give you back the lightsaber… Will you pretend to be Kylo Ren first? In bed…with me…” He gave you a once over, which caused a blush to rise in your face. “Unless you don’t want the lightsaber.” “Show me where it is.” Hoping that the sight of the lightsaber would prompt him to agree, you headed back down the hallway towards your bedroom. You were more than willing to risk being written up in exchange for sex with this man who could mimic Kylo Ren’s walk to a T. And, you reasoned, if Matt attempted to steal the weapon without first having sex with you, you had home field advantage. You knew where the baseball bat was and could easily knock him out. You glanced over your shoulder to make sure Matt was following. Sure enough, he was. And walking just like Kylo Ren too, as though such a stride was natural. You had to resist the urge to moan right then and there, picturing what you were going to do with Matt. It had been a long time since you had had sex. Men had flirted with you plenty, however none had managed to intrigue you. Not since Kylo Ren. You opened the door to your room, entered, and waited for Matt to come in as well. You then shut the door. Matt looked around the room, no doubt searching for the lightsaber. His gaze stopped on the mini closet. Just as he headed towards the closet, you piped up that it was locked. Matt’s jaw tightened. You retrieved the key and tossed it to him. The man thought nothing of this, and you were pleased. You had backed towards where you able to grab hold of the bat should you need to knock him out. Matt inserted the key into the keyhole, twisted it, and unlocked the closet. He pulled open the doors and froze. No doubt he was drinking in the sight of your Kylo Ren shrine. Your cheeks heated up a little. You had never before shown anyone your collection. “You have… Where did you get Kylo Ren’s robes?” Momentarily forgetting the bat in a sudden burst of glee over being able to share such details, you launched yourself towards Matt. He tensed when you set a hand against his arm, however you hardly paid this fact any heed. His gaze was on you as you continued to hold him. You reached into the closet and retrieved the aforementioned item. It was what you slept in. Nothing else. No bra. No underwear. “General Hux wanted me to destroy this, but I couldn’t. It’s an old one, but… Do… Do you want to try wearing it? And then walk around like him with the lightsaber.” He wasn’t listening to you, however. Matt was engrossed by the sight of the Kylo Ren plush you had made. His gaze was trained on the little doll. You watched him, growing more and more full of suspicions that he wanted to steal it for his own collection. Matt, however, was soon distracted by the smaller doll to the right of the Kylo Ren doll. A mini Darth Vader. Knowing that your idol loved Darth Vader, your collection had been incomplete without it. “Where did you—“ “I made them!” you proudly announced. Matt stared at you in mild astonishment. “You?” You frowned, a little of your enthusiasm fading. “ Yes , Matt. Me. I made them.” “You missed—“ “I know! The Vader doll…” you interrupted with a sad groan. “The picture I had as a reference was blurred. I’ve been meaning to fix it for accuracy’s sake.” You waved a hand in the air in a dismissive gesture. “Anyway. Role playing. You in?” You quickly reached into your closet and withdrew the lightsaber. You held onto it tightly as Matt’s gaze followed your every move. “You presume that I will engage in intercourse with you for the return of Kylo Ren’s lightsaber?” “The only reason I’m willing to, Matt, is because you’ll probably throw it again… And I’ll grab it once more for my collection.” His eyes flickered towards your closet. “Wait… Did you imply that having sex with me is a bad thing?” Without waiting for a response, you snatched up the cloak from the closet and thrust it into Matt’s arms. He looked down at the robes with that ever-present neutral expression. You gestured to him with the lightsaber, asking him if he was willing or not. Matt watched the way you handled the weapon. He looked towards the Vader plush then back at you. You placed a hand on your hip and narrowed your eyes. If he wasn’t so good at walking like Kylo Ren, you told yourself, you would not be doing this. Matt moved to the bathroom that was attached to your bedroom. You resisted the urge to squeak in delight when he closed the door. Rustling of clothing. You silently cheered and did a small victory dance. Then, hurriedly, you rushed to your bed. You fumbled underneath, reaching further and further until at last you were able to grab hold of the helmet. You withdrew it and moved towards the bathroom. You knocked on the door. Matt grunted in response. “Uhm… It’s… It’s not a very good copy, but… Could you… While we… Y’know… Could you wear this mask?” Matt whipped open the door. You nearly gawked. He looked good in those robes. In fact, you could have sworn he had a very similar build to Kylo Ren. His eyes darted to the helmet in your hands. He seized the object and placed it on his head then started to walk back into your room. You held back a moan of pleasure and anticipation. If you had not known any better, if you had not seen Matt put on the helmet, you would have sworn it was really was Kylo Ren underneath that robe. You excitedly shimmied out of your pants. Your bottom half covered only by your panties, you were not the least bit surprised when Matt paused upon turning around. He strode across the room once more. Your toes curled as he seized the lightsaber and pulled it from your grasp. If this was really Kylo Ren, I’d probably be dead about now, you told yourself. A gloved hand hovered in front of your face. Your chest rose and fell heavily. When he took a step closer to you, you found yourself moving in retreat. Matt sidestepped so that you were now walking backwards towards your bed. You discovered this only when the backs of your knees hit against the mattress and you lost your footing. Matt shifted a single leg forward, his knee positioned between your legs, which spread the slightest bit out of instinct. You swallowed thickly. Matt adjusted his grip on the lightsaber, pointing it in your direction. Your hands clenched into fists as you seized hold of the blankets. Sweat gathered on your brow. Perhaps Matt would kill you here and steal your Kylo Ren collection for himself. But then he moved in a fluid motion that had you throwing yourself onto your back. His hand, the one that was free of the lightsaber, was positioned directly near your head on the bed. He hovered above you. You wormed your way backwards on the bed as Matt moved predatorily over top of you. What caused you to freeze was the sound of Kylo Ren’s lightsaber activating. Your chest heaved as you held in a scream. Your chest rose and fell all the faster as fear welled up within you. Which, in a rather strange way, turned you on all the more. You could feel yourself growing wet. Matt was proving to be beyond what you had expected in terms of how well he would be able to copy Kylo Ren’s behavior. He drew the lightsaber downwards. The muscles in your legs tensed further, and you fought the urge to fight him off. Matt turned the weapon at an angle so that the very tip of one of the side blades singed the edge of your shirt. You could feel the heat radiating past the material, could feel the sweat gathering all the more on your body as your clothing was ruined. When he reached the end of your shirt, Matt deactivated the lightsaber. It caught you off guard, Matt pressing the lower half of his body firmly against yours. You gasped aloud at the feeling of his bulge against your wet, though clothed, lower lips. You spread your legs wider. He tilted his head to the side, and you could not help but wonder what sort of expression he had underneath that helmet—but no, that would ruin the fantasy. Then he would be Matt and not Kylo Ren, you reminded yourself. You could feel him considering you all the same. It reminded you greatly of Kylo Ren, which gave you the confidence to stretch your arms above your head. Simultaneous to your slight shift in position, Matt reached over with a hand and parted your shirt where he had previously singed it. The material readily moved to allow him a view of your flesh. Your chest, covered now by only a bra, heaved. You drew your leg up, bending it at the knee and caressing his side with the limb. “Don’t move.” Authoritative. Deep. Quite like Kylo Ren. You panted as you fought the urge to disobey. Your body was screaming for you to touch the man who was hovering above. It had been so long since you had been touched in such a way, and here was someone who was fulfilling a fantasy you had been entertaining for well over a year. Your eyes were watering with want. Matt set the lightsaber against your belly, which shuddered under the feel of the cool metal. Your toes curled. The hairs on the back of your neck stood on end and goosebumps gathered on your flesh. Was he about to kill you now? Instead he drew the weapon upwards, the metal ghosting over your skin until Matt was able to nudge your chin with the tip of the ligthsaber. He pressed the lightest bit, causing you tilt your head back. At the same time, he rocked his hips into yours. “Ah!” A single tear fell from either of your eyes. Your body was on fire. “What do you think of the craftsmanship?” You were not sure if he was referring to the weapon or his cock, which you could feel pressing against your body through his robes. Either way, the response was the same. “Amazing!” you practically screamed in a breathless manner. “Nothing better.” Matt traced along your collarbone with the lightsaber. You could feel your nipples hardening as the metal gently danced along your body. He started to drag it downwards then drew light circles around your navel. Stretched as you were, the sensations were perhaps even more amplified. Your mouth opened into a small o of pleasure. With the other hand, Matt flexed his fingers. He rested his elbow against the mattress to maintain his current position above you and held his hand mere inches from the side of your face. Hesitation on his part. As though he contemplated whether or not he wished to touch you in this way. He was already invading your personal space in so many other, delightful ways. And yet… It was this that had you suppressing a shudder. Matt had studied Kylo Ren as much as you did to know this much, you told yourself. Handing over the lightsaber was definitely worth this. His hand met your cheek, his thumb hooking towards your mouth as you turned your head and wrapped your lips around the digit. Though he had told you to not move, you had been unable to deny yourself these actions. They were rewarded rather than punished. Matt drew the lightsaber towards your pubic and traced along your flesh in such teasing designs. “You’re quite devoted to me,” Matt said. You relished in the way he was slipping into character, not saying ‘Kylo Ren’. That would have made things awkward. You moaned, rocking your hips into his. “And yet… You came onboard to serve General Hux, you say. Are your loyalties so easily swayed?” “Nnnn….no,” you gasped out as he withdrew his thumb from your mouth and yanked your bra upwards so that your breasts were exposed to him. His hand drew aside your underwear as well. You lowered your arms as he started to undo the front of his robe. Matt withdrew his erection from the confines of his clothing then once more pressed tightly against you. “I… I am still….loyal to…” “No!” he said sharply, bringing you to silence. His hand slammed down onto the mattress inches from your face, and a deep fear that he would carve into you with Kylo Ren’s lightsaber nestled itself in your brain. You trembled under him. Matt pressed the tip of his erection against your entrance. “Your loyalty is mine .” “Y-yes, Ky… Kylo Ren. I’m…yours.” It was a phrase that you had whispered to yourself when you had been dressed for bed in the very article of clothing Matt now wore. A sharp intake of breath as he thrust up within you. Your legs locked tightly against his hips. Matt yet again drew the lightsaber up the length of your body as he slowly rolled his hips, his cock caressing you from within as the cool metal licked along your flesh. You felt yourself growing more wet, more hot, more aroused. “You covet what is mine because you are a slave to my existence,” he said in that deep voice that so reminded you of the man you wished was truly inside of you. You moaned at his words, at the truth he had spoken. A huge fan. Wanting to obey his every command, fulfill any whim he had. “Y-yes,” you said with a gasp, tears leaking from the corners of your eyes. He thrust up inside of you, hard. Your body tugged him closer to you, your inner walls clenching around him as moved deeper within. “Mmm…K-Kylo…” You panted underneath him as he set the tip of the lightsaber to your lips. You puckered and kissed the metal, reaching for the object and wrapping your hands tightly, desperately around it. “You’re everything to me.” “And you will give me everything I want.” “Yes!” His hips pressed harder into yours as he increased his thrusting. Matt shifted the lightsaber to the side, setting it on the mattress before reaching down and seizing your hips in both of his hands. He tugged you closer to his body. You screamed out Kylo Ren’s name as your orgasm came crashing over you. Your vaginal walls spasmed, caressing and massaging his cock in a manner that him cumming soon after. Matt’s chest rose and fell a little heavier than it had previously, while you were panting and gasping for air. Matt regained his composure quicker than you did, however you were redressed shortly after he had stripped from the robe and set the helmet you had made atop your bed. The blonde haired radar technician seized the lightsaber then headed for your closet. His hand started to move inside, however you launched yourself across the room and shoved yourself between him and the closet. “What are you doing?” “Give me that Vader doll.” “Wh-what? No. I said I’d give Kylo Ren anything I want, not you. It was roleplaying , Matt.” “I see. Very well.” Matt tucked Kylo Ren’s lightsaber safely into one of the pouches on his pants. He gave your body a quick glance over before leaving your room. You sighed, shaking your head then allowing a goofy smile to cross your features. Being able to play out your fantasy had definitely been worth giving up the lightsaber… Even if you now had to worry that another Kylo Ren fan would steal your collection. And, you reminded yourself as you left your room and locked up, you were probably going to get written up for neglecting some of your duties. By that night, you found that you were still pleased with your decision. Being written up was nothing compared with the satisfied feeling that came from having had sex. Matt had been a perfect Kylo Ren. You dropped the towel from your body after you finished drying and then slipped into the robes that Matt had worn during your fantastic experience with him. You started to slip into bed then paused at the sound of a knock on the door. With a groan, you walked to the door, moved into a position that would prevent anyone from seeing what you were wearing, and opened the door. “Hell…o…” Your voice became strained as you beheld the sight of Kylo Ren standing there. “S-sir?” The man started to walk forward. You blinked as you found yourself opening the door the rest of the way for him, as though this was an everyday occurrence. Your mind was in a fog yet racing at the same time. Kylo Ren was halfway into your room before he turned to consider the closet. You closed the door to your room and looked over at the closet as well. “U-uhm… I… Er…” “I hear you have a Darth Vader doll.” Kylo Ren turned at the torso and looked straight at you. At least, that is what you believed he was doing, as you could not see his eyes beyond his helmet. “Show me.” “Y-yes…sir…” It took you a few moments of fumbling with the key in the lock before you successfully unlocked the closet. You reached a hand inside without opening the closet all the way. There was no way you were going to show Kylo Ren the shrine you had of him. You withdrew the Darth Vader doll then shyly turned, presenting it to Kylo Ren. The man stared down at the object for a few seconds before seizing hold of the doll with a single hand. He was oddly quiet. Which reminded you of how big a fan he was of Darth Vader. Here you were with your idol and he was admiring your work of his idol. “Do… Do you want to have it? Or… I could make a more accurate one if you want.” You were rambling, you were aware, and yet your mind could not get your mouth to close no matter how much it tried. “Yes,” Kylo Ren said, which at last shut you up. “I will have this.” “S-sir?” He looked up from the doll and considered you again. “Can… Can I have… I’m… a huge fan, and… I… Can I have your autograph?” Kylo Ren did not answer you aloud. He crossed the room with that masculine, sure stride. You felt yourself growing aroused, your mind filled with thoughts over what you had done with Matt. Kylo Ren closed the distance between the two of you. He was taller than you to begin with, and you found yourself shrinking a little under his scrutiny. You did not want to disappoint him. “…You were not in the dining hall this evening?” You furrowed your brow. “N-no, sir.” “You truly are oblivious then.” You did not know whether or not to be insulted. You hardly had time to register that you should be worried when Kylo Ren raised a single hand that hovered near your chest then in front of your throat. You felt your legs tense as worry flooded you that he was about to kill you for reasons you did not know. Kylo Ren, however, moved the limb to his helmet. You watched with wide eyes as he removed the object. His hair was rather well kept for someone who wore a helmet. His face was—he looked almost like— Your eyes were wide as saucers as that familiar stare considered each of your reactions. “I… I would have given you the Vader doll if I had known you were really—“ “You proved to be quite loyal in that act.” Despite his words, his tone was only a note above neutral. “Many in this base seem to be mistaken that Hux is a superior leader. You have not been fooled.” “Sir?” He had tucked the Vader doll into a pocket of his robe and moved ever closer to you. His face was inches from yours, his eyes dancing along your features. “You will give me everything I want, (y/n).” “Y-yes…S—“ You paused at the sight of his expression. Almost displeased. “Yes, Ky…Kylo Ren.” He withdrew his lightsaber from his robe, something that would have previously scared you to death. Something that would mean death for almost anyone else. Yet in that moment, especially when he drew it along the length of your thigh and up to your hip, you felt yourself growing weak at the knees. “Every…thing…” Though he did not smile, you knew all the same that your words pleased him. Were aware throughout the entire night that you screaming his name brought him great pleasure. And you did not care in the least that he had taken part of your fan collection as his own.