Kylo Ren Summary: The psychology of Kylo Ren. Kylo Ren looked forward to sparring semi-worthy opponents and practicing his Forms, The calm, even, ache in his long, lean muscles fueled him and gave him a Focus... He did not have much time for any other sort of physical release, and what little he did have was very valuable to him. One would be a fool to dare waste a moment of it. Well, there were the comforts and specialized personal entertainments afforded him by his high position in the First Order. Although, those rarely went well enough for him to consider his own release. Most of the time the brutal sessions ended in his annoyance or disappointment, they were... almost, boring. Maybe I will try two at once, kriff it, why not three?. .. he thought. He was always searching for that next level of fulfillment, searching in every dark hallway and corner of every building and every living being he encountered. *** Kylo Ren's appearance and electric presence were a near perfect analogy for who he was internally. Each day he followed a clinical code of living around other people. He washed daily with a harsh, unscented, clear liquid. He kept his nails short to the quick. His teeth were also kept flawlessly clean. He ate and drank efficiently, but never in the presence of others. These mundane tasks were usually nothing more than necessary. He rarely ate for pleasure, and did not consume alcoholic beverages. His scent was unique and harsh, a well blended mixture of leather, burnt metal and salt. You could almost taste him if you were unlucky enough to get that close. He seemed to permeate your olfactory nerve and became the only thing you could smell for the rest of your day. He wore the same clothing each day. Multiple layers of black cloth were also his armor and uniform and were perfectly tailored to suit his needs. He had no use for civilian clothing and did not possess any. He took great care to be certain his entire body was covered at all times. Even his neck and hands showed no sign of a threat to bare his skin to the unclean masses. The pleated arm wraps were in a tightly folded, accordion style, providing unhindered movement of his arms. The legs of his trousers were larger versions of the arm pieces and the top of them, being made of a breathable, duraflex fabric, protected his Bloodline. His tunics were sleeveless, the fabric of each slightly heavier and longer than the last, overlapping the wraps on his arms at his shoulder. The dense layers provided more protection than would be thought possible by mere cloth. The cowl, covering his high neck, was stretchy and delicately jointed, fitting snugly around him without constricting his throat. His black gloves were of the highest quality, roughly textured and not the average, pressed together thin layers, but thick and made of the strongest, most malleable leather available. His battle-worn, durasteel helmet cleverly disguised both his voice and his face, while providing protection, night or thermal vision when needed, and communications. It had an aesthetic which mimicked the would-be child of an ancient war helmet and a gas mask. An intricate silver design framed the eye slit and then extended downward and outward becoming more detailed as it tapered into the mouthpiece. Aside from a hint of silvery thread in his clothing, this design was the only thing about his outward appearance that was not black. If he haunted your nightmares at any point, I am certain that this helmet would be the cold representation of his presence within your mind. The hooded, outer robe was thick and woolen, with fine metal threading woven throughout in a subtle hash pattern, further strengthening this final layer. A very wide, almost corseting, thick, solid slab of leather cinched it all at his waist, held together in the front by a rectangular, black metal clasp, which housed a secret tracking device commissioned by Supreme Leader Snoke, his only superior, and his Master. The end result was very heavy and finely tuned to be protective, practical and allow for full range and ease of movement. His dark, methodical shell housed a volatile, chaotic core, not unlike his weapon. Borrowed from an ancient design, a homemade cross-guard hilt, blackened with time and oxidization... emitted a longer than usual blade out of the main vent, and two stunted beams shot out of the exhaust from the sides of the cross-guard, venting the synthetic crystals' unstable energy. Its red kyber crystal was severely cracked. This all came together upon ignition, forming an intimidating broadsword of red, sparking, unstable light that resembled a fiery cross. The sound it emitted was an otherworldly hum mixed with a sharp, constant, loud crackle.** His presence was further defined by a thoroughly calculated demeanor. He would never be seen sitting in a chair or leaning against something for support. He did not shift his weight or otherwise fidget as a normal man would. Even beneath the full covering of his mask, his face was nearly always a perfect picture of stoicism. No one would hear him sneeze, cough or belch. No one would ever catch him scratching an itch. He did not cross his arms or laugh aloud. If he laughed to himself at all, it was an 'event'. He was much taller than average. His long legs afforded him an impossibly long stride. One movement forward easily equalled two steps of another. This would cause his heavy robes to billow out behind him as he moved, adding an extra layer to his fierce self-projection. As far as most of the rest of the galaxy was concerned, he was not even human. It was all an act. He felt things, He felt everything . He was a human man. He knew he was projecting the image of himself he wanted everyone to see. It was all intentional but not what he would consider a lie. (Lying meant insulting himself and the person he was feeding the lie to.) It all kept people from touching him, didn't it? No one tried to be his so-called 'friend'. People obeyed him without question, and changed direction quickly if in his path. Best of all, he did not have the trappings of a personal life that seemed to dominate the minds of most everyone around him. Why did everyone insist on thinking so LOUD ? ...He fights a slight spasm of rage(slight, being a relative term). Much of his knowledge came in the form of thoughts stolen from others, not on purpose...mostly. He allowed himself this unintentional act. It earned a place in his life, after all, he only gained knowledge, there was no harm done. He was very proficient in this dark art of being inside the minds of others. When he needed very specific information though, it had to be done quickly and it was messy. This often meant a great deal of pain for them. He remembers when it was done to him, and so he does not take it lightly when he is forced to use this technique. The pain is unbearable as the intruder cuts with abandon through everything not of interest, destroying the rooms in one's mind, rearranging all of their furniture... Then when they come back home, in the dark, they stumble over the chaos and hit their head, break something in their neck and even years later, the bone spurs that formed on their spine as a result cause them pain. He did not enjoy what he knew he must do. It was his duty though, and he would do it. Physical pain was a friend to him now, almost the same thing as pleasure and all sensation in between. Some pain though, still hurt...he admitted to himself. Sensations of all kinds could be drawn upon for extra power. This was a dark art he excelled at. It was easy. It was breathing... natural... effortless. Always searching... In the dark. Kylo Ren could have anything he wanted. Most gave willingly and eagerly, if for no other reason than to spare their miserable lives. Sometimes he had to take, but this was rare. Naturally, this meant he was tragically drawn to the one thing he could not simply take. What he wanted, no, what he needed, had to be freely given, in its purest form... another, worthy person's absolute submission to him. This did not mean, following his every order without question. This did not mean, fearing him. He was chasing something he could not quite define internally. It fueled his angst. He could not be to blame however... He was indeed, by most peoples' reasonable standards, a cruel monster. It could be argued that his childhood was to blame, if he needed a defense. One could plead to the courts for his life, with Snoke's name on their lips as the thing that really gave birth to Kylo Ren. Although these are compelling arguments in his favor as for the question of blame... None of these could rightfully take credit. The bouncing little raven haired boy, Ben Solo, never had a chance. What the force wanted in this world was Kylo Ren. There just was not room for both of them. Ben Solo was not strong enough to fight the chaos that killed him. Kylo Ren was born. He would not rest until the disorder that bore him was destroyed. This evening was taking up his self allowed 'entertainment' slot, although he would not be using the time for entertainment. He'd be certain to require extra fortitude from her, to balance it out a bit. Lady Oran was not employed at Starkiller as a companion, she was their 'handler'. He provided her with the most clear instructions possible, but she did not seem to really understand what qualities were most important to him. His tastes were simple, he thought, but eclectic. Hair, eye and skin color were of no concern. Even species was inconsequential, any humanoid species would do. Height was unimportant to him as well although, it was ideal they were able to at least stand chest-high to himself. They should be fit, not that he couldn't see the beauty in a softer, rounder woman but, he needed them to have enough stamina to last through the night with him. They should have no allergies or contagious health issues, nor any problems with range of movement. He liked for them to be flexible in body and preferably in mind as well. None of these traits were demanding. It was very important they were not sent to him untouched. He valued his own purity and respected any purity he recognized in others. He would not be able to achieve his goals in one night with someone so sexually naive anyway. They must also have never been in the private company of General Hux. The thought of sharing anything more than necessary with that poor excuse for a sentient being was impossible. Kylo Ren was always self-reflecting... applying every stolen thought and emotion to his own, inward, self-portrait. The unclean masses... They were all fools. With great knowledge and power comes great responsibility... to teach them. An informed person was more likely to be an asset. An ignorant person was more likely to destroy without purpose. Both of these things were inefficient. What seemed to be the conflict here was not anything physical at all, but still simple. She must have respect for him, respect for the First Order and respect for herself. Also simple, yes? He loosely meditated on the subject and decided upon a course of action. There should be no more misunderstanding after this meeting. He showered, cleaning with his usual purified personal care products so as not to interfere with any of his senses. One missed scent or sensation, however small could prove deadly after all. It was the same routine every time. He began with his thick, raven hair, taking care to clean and massage his scalp methodically in small, connected circular motions. He then rinsed and combed out the tangles, while still in the shower. He removed his facial hair with the personal laser removal device. He cleaned his teeth and tongue. His nails were already cut short but he inspected each with a brush of his thumb to be sure there were no jagged edges. He treated his pale, but not delicate skin with the same meticulous care using less pressure. Then behind his ears, his neck, moving downward as usual until he reached his toes, only then moving back up towards his core to carefully and thoroughly clean his manhood in the most clinical way possible. Once finished, he towel dried his hair, then applied heat until it was moisture-free. The rest of him dried naturally during the process. Time was the only real thing of value we truly possessed, he mused to himself. It was the most valuable thing, and no one knew how much of it they had left. If only everyone valued their time as much as he did, order in the galaxy could be more easily achieved. This evening should result in eliminating the source of much of his wasted time. He made his way to meeting room 2187 to await the arrival of Lady Oran. *** Chapter 2 : The Claiming of Lady O Summary: Lady Oran meets with Master Ren to discuss work ethics. Notes: This is not only the perfect sound and lyrical content to set the mood for this chapter... The artist's movements, facial/hand make-up and overall presence in this video are so 'right' for this. Please take a moment here to stop and take it in. Thank you Brian Warner. Third Day of A Seven Day Binge *** (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Entertainment was indulged under the otherwise strict rule of the First Order. The privileged could buy as much depravity as they could afford or as much as they had time for. Every kind of sex, drugs, rape, torture and 'other' imaginable was openly participated in. Keeping it legal meant a startlingly low dip in crimes involving these activities. It is amazing what people will do for money or the promise of adoration. All of it was allowed, provided....The First Order did not find it interfered at all with one's orders or job duties. Many people preferred the order of its rule to the chaos of the republic or worse, the resistance. It was clean, organized and well managed. There was a lot of appeal in the promise of being able to indulge your inner darkness without fear of legal consequence. It was important to the First Order that their upper echelon have their passions satiated on a scheduled basis. They understood the value of a content, well fed, well released officer. It was simply a necessary part of life, they had the highest stress, the most responsibility, so they would be afforded the most in terms of releasing said stress. Their inferiors who before, had no purpose, now were raised in status with the privilege of serving the desires of their superiors, thereby contributing more to society than they had thought possible prior to the First Order. Her clients mostly consisted of the male military staff assigned to Starkiller base. These men had very little time, plenty of unsatiated appetite and knew they could die at any minute, probably sooner rather than later. Most of them knew exactly what they wanted and if they did not, she was there to provide them with the means to figure it out. With the exception of Master Ren and General Hux, the men mostly had simple, rough, humiliating tastes, but not usually anything out of the ordinary. Most of her girls had been trained from very early on to become what they are now, proficient in all of the sexual arts. But none of them could ever be fully prepared for Him. *** Lady Oran was not a meek or humble woman. An experienced widow of age 43 she was very tall, thin and delicately toned but voluptuous with ample but not large breasts and a classic child bearing hip line. Her long, sleek, natural platinum hair framed an attractive, non-conventional face that was both masculine and feminine. She held her head high and presented herself with grace and poise. Her orders were to meet Master Ren in conference room 2187, for an urgent, confidential meeting to discuss her position at Starkiller base. She was told to free her schedule for the entire evening. A private meeting with The Master was not generally something you looked forward to. He did not take extra time out of his day to call you to him so he could praise or reward you. *** Kylo Ren arrived shortly before the scheduled appointment and inspected the familiar room, making certain everything he needed was still there. Cleansers, check, alchemical mixtures, check . He went to the cooling box and retrieved two bottles of water, then placed them on the large conference table. Satisfied everything else was in order, he waited. He decided the meeting was necessary because the last two companions she sent to him were insolent, flailing, annoying little things who were too stupid to surrender their pride. He was forced to be very strict with them, and it was not to his liking at all. He took all the blame though and came to the conclusion that he just had not been 'clear' about what it was he expected. This meeting should take care of any previous confusion in communications with the Madame. *** Just as she crossed the threshold, a whooshing hiss and a loud click marked the familiar sound of the locking panel engaging and setting. Startled, she turned her head over her shoulder only to find there was no one at the panel. A quick shiver went down her arms and up her neck. So, what she heard was true, Kylo Ren really had trained as a Jedi. He was not someone you wanted to anger or even slightly upset. She did not know much about so-called 'force-powers', but she knew enough to be afraid. Not the monster under the bed kind of scared either, this was terror. Before her stood Master Kylo Ren, wearing the familiar, pristinely tailored Knights of Ren uniform. She imagined he was horribly battle-scarred under that scuffed helmet, but perhaps not. He, after all, had never been defeated. The reality of her current situation was seeping into her now. She felt sick to her stomach in pulses that seemed to match the sound of his mechanical breathing. She would likely die tonight, or worse, beg for death without reward. Normally she was one to hope for the best and prepare for the worst, but she could not shake the invisible, looming cloud of horror slowly filling the room. She felt the cold sweat begin to fall from her brow, somehow burning her face as it traveled downward. It took all of her efforts to remain outwardly collected. "Lady Oran." "Master Ren, how are you this fine evening?" "I will not insult you with small talk. You are here so that I can be certain the women you select for my company are well-suited for the task. I don't wish to waste my very limited, valuable, free time on sub par entertainment." She drew her data pad from her handbag preparing to take notes on his specifications. "You misunderstand me, I'm sure. Return the device to its place. I will take your bag. He reaches out with an open, upward facing gloved hand to take her things." "I will take your bag?" she thought, confused... That was almost... Chivalrous. "Pardon, Sir, but I am afraid I am not going to be able to do my best work without taking notes. I would like to be certain and will have more confidence if I can refer to my notes. I take pride in my work, just as everyone under the First Order should." "By questioning me, you are already setting yourself up for failure in your 'work'." "Forgive me, Sir, I apologize." she says as she places her bag in his waiting hand. Man this guy is tough to please . "I am simple to please, I have simple tastes and give simple instructions as I find most people to be simple-minded, requiring such guidance. Was I mistaken in thinking that you are a woman of high intellect?" "Sir, I have every confidence that you know exactly what you are doing, it won't happen again." Did he just read my mind? "We shall see." His mechanical voice somehow managed to make those three words sound very threatening. Another wave of fear washed over her and dove straight through her core. She took a noticeably deep, self-calming breath. She knew men like this, and she knew exactly how to handle herself in their presence. "I assure you, Lady Oran, you have never met anyone like me." "Go to the 'fresher. Remove your clothing, jewelry and body hair using ONLY the items you will find on the counter. Place your possessions in the plastic bin provided and seal the container. Cut your nails as short as possible leaving no sharp edges, then tie your hair back neatly in a regulation knot." She fought to hold back a frightful expression... swallowing a huge ball of nothingness, it was heavy in her throat. She maintained her grace and poise. "When you are finished with this task, return here to me, and kneel before me on both knees without looking at me." She wanted to inform him that she was not a concubine for hire and hadn't been one for over a decade. If he wanted comfort for the evening she could find many suitable candidates amongst her employees. She started to open her mouth... her mistake evident, immediately. "Stop." He held out his right hand in gesture and she felt a strange sensation inside her throat, she was unable to speak. Did he do this to me or am I just regressing to childhood , she thought to herself. He---did---this . He walked closer to her, she could feel power, electricity radiating off of him from a few feet away, it was a terrible and wonderful sensation. His scent wove itself through her olfactory senses, latching on. Metal, burnt steel, salt from his pores and leather, it smelled almost dirty, no, natural, but somehow astringent. "I will not be manipulated, Lady Oran. You are here to learn to do your job in the best possible capacity. Afterall, you cannot possibly expect your employees to endure anything you have not. I gave you your orders, carry them out, now. He was mildly annoyed that she had enough power to make him feel as though he needed to explain himself to her... Life here is simple... Obey your superiors... How hard is that...Really? She became very aware, very quickly that even crossing him in her mind was unacceptable. He owned her private thoughts... He owned EVERYONE'S private thoughts. This man would take nothing less than exactly what he demanded. The best thing she could possibly do is...well, everything he told her to do, exactly as he told her to do it. She resolved to do just that. There was nothing playful about Him. "You are so right." he said, lunging at her sharply with an easy flair of dominance. Satisfied she was no longer in danger of speaking out of turn, he released his hold on her vocal cords. She bowed lightly and made her way to the 'fresher. Once inside, she did not take her time. She quickly and efficiently removed her hair pins, clothing and jewelry, including her earrings. There was no shower stall, just a drain in the floor under the luxury shower head fixed to the ceiling, next to the counter top. She kept her body hair shorn already, but decided to use the laser removal device anyway...as she was told...slowly hovering it along her skin, from neck to toe. She washed off her make up with the scentless, colorless facial cleanser, and then her hair with a similar shampoo/conditioner. She clipped her fingernails and toenails with the provided utensils. Finally she washed her body with another clear/scent free solution, paying special attention to her more private areas. She dried her hair, dried herself, combed her hair, secured it in the knot style bun and placed everything she brought with her into the plastic container. While the Madame was busy preparing herself for him, Kylo Ren searched her bag for any recording devices, he wiped her data pad of all collected information gathered in the last 15 minutes, then placed the bag on the table behind him. She walked into the room, aware of her vulnerable state, kneeling at his feet as she was ordered, keeping her head slightly bowed so as not to accidentally look at him. It seemed he had not moved at all. He crouched down like a predator waiting for the opportunity to snatch its prey in its teeth. His head just above hers, pushing that predatory feeling into her mind. This did exactly what he intended as she certainly felt like his prey, only not figuratively,---at all. Taking his time, he gently searches her thoughts... Her fears... He brushes each one lightly with his cold aura as he makes contact. Ah, yes, of course. Pride . Her pride deluded her into thinking she was the one with the power in her profession. It was how she had been able to cope all this time. This was typical amongst people with her background. She would have no power here, with Him. Being seen as desperate or needy by her peers was horrifying to her. He searched on. He learned of her coping skills, that she loved melon flavored drinks and hated pasta. She was vain, proud of her well toned body and strong facial features, proud that her feminine attributes were in better shape than many women half her age. She feared what would happen to her when she lost these attributes to age...could she be happy without this sense of power? He had what he needed and was about to begin when her desperate thoughts rushed by, distracting and interrupting him. Oh please, it had been nearly 20 minutes of him just staring at me in this vulnerable state, please just fuck me, please let this end, please... "Out loud, vocally" the machined voice spat from behind the mask. "You want me to fuck you?" coaching her a little based on her thoughts... "Is that what you think I want to do with you? You flatter yourself, I am sure." Internally she just wanted it over with. She knew this did not please him, but she could not fake her own thoughts. "Yes, please, fuck me Master Ren, please, I beg you," she cried in desperation... not desperation to please him though, just desperation for him to be done with her. With no warning he shoved two gloved fingers into her without preparation. He moved them inside her violently, quickly, pushing against her walls, spreading his fingers with impressive strength... he held them there, spread apart as he searched her thoughts. She was still not thinking of him, she was trying to block the experience out completely... She was very good at pretending to submit, he had to give her credit for that... But he needed to make it clear what he really expected from her and her 'girls'. Quickly removing his fingers, he grabbed her shoulders and pulled her up to the table across from them... He guided her body until it was bent over said table and her legs spread to his liking... He propped her head up under her chin on a stack of books pulled randomly from the shelves behind them. She could plainly see herself, and him in the mirror on the wall behind the table. It was utterly humiliating. She knew better than to move. He did not even have to mention it. *** He took no sexual pleasure in this... He took pleasure only from the power he held over her. This wasn't about his sexual release, this was an education, one that would surely never need repeated. He couldn't even be bothered with having an erection. "I am Master Kylo Ren of the Knights of Ren, heir to the sacred Bloodline... You are beneath me. You do not deserve to have my cock in your mouth, or any other filthy opening you may possess... How many cocks have pumped in and out of that ruined cunt of yours? HOW MANY? And for what, credits? You disgust me. You are pathetic, a sack of meat for use by any man that can afford it. Did you love any of them, did you even have any respect for one of them? No? He couldn't really expect me to remember how many clients I had serviced? Is this his game? Ask for impossible things? "I don't know exactly how many, Sir. I respected that they paid me, it was my job... She cried as silently as she could. I was sold into sexual slavery at a very young age. It is all I ever knew." "So, lets get this clear... You allowed what was probably hundreds of men to penetrate your body, and you did not even have respect for a single one of them? What is wrong with you? And you think I am the monster. You should be grateful I have even allowed you in my presence." He walks to the other side of the room and opens a drawer, collecting three vials. He places the vials on a decorative shelf on the table. The leather and salt wafted over her as his movement shifted the air. She felt sick and had to work hard to not vomit right there. "It seems I have again failed at being clear in my intentions with you. It must be my failure because what I expect from you is so utterly simple. I do not care for this act of yours... It may fool the low life cock owners you are used to having fuck you, but you cannot hide from me. You will submit to me. You will give yourself completely. You will think only of me and only of pleasing me. Your only concern is meeting and perhaps exceeding my expectations. That is it, and that is all. It seems you lack motivation, so I will be kind enough to provide you with that motivation, and you will be grateful for it. He points to the vials... Madame, meet Motivation. He uses his power to slowly turn her head towards them." "Are you familiar with the contents of these vials?" "I am not, Master Ren." "Perfect, you will gain even more knowledge that I anticipated." "Choose a vial." He shoves one gloved finger into her cunt... "Choose"... a second finger... "I said, Choose." ... a third. "Do we have to get my entire hand into you before you can make a simple decision?" He is vigorously fucking her with the massive group of fingers now, preparing her body for a fourth when she finally blurts out "B... Blue"... between her jagged and unpleasant, fake moaning. He continues fucking her, harder and harder, filling and stretching her relentlessly with his right hand, taking the blue vial in his left hand. She was compliant, as usual, but her mind was still not with him. Those gloves really hurt ... They had some sort of rough texture to them and a raised, dense leather padding on top... They were actual armor she realized, a leather compliment to his heavy cloth layers of coverings. They were punishing, but she had felt so much worse. She could endure this, she had to. He growled in frustration as he read her thoughts, quickly removing his hand from her body and reached around her head, holding his hand near her face... "Open your mouth."... She did as she was told... Opening her mouth as wide as she could. He inserted the gloved fingers into her mouth, hooking them into her bottom jaw. "Clean your vile fluids off of me. Focus on me in the mirror as you do so." He force pushes her head into the right position, slowly, and then moves her eyes with a delicate manipulation of the force. "Suck on them, clean them off... worship them." He moved his fingers around in her mouth, stretching her face in humiliating ways. She licks and sucks as if her life depended on it, because...it did. She thinks of him, picturing him as a deity. Her eagerness increasing with the hope that he will be pleased. Satisfied, he removes his hand from her mouth, and quickly reaches under her rib cage and upwards, dragging his glove on her skin, stopping on her breast, he roughly rubbed his fingers off on her breast, She was brutally aware of her right nipple... Once he found it, he used it like a drying towel, then reaching further around, giving the other breast and nipple the same harsh treatment. Finally he brought his hand back up to the top of her head and wiped the remaining saliva in her hair." He searched her thoughts again... She was about to break, ready to crack for him... Just a little more, he thought to himself. He was getting bored with her and had to remind himself that this was not meant to be entertaining for him really. It had a strict purpose. He backed away from her leaving her body bare, empty, her cunt gaping at him. "I can't even stand looking at your cunt, looking at you, and do you understand why? If your gaping cunt was a product of your desire to please me, I would be able to appreciate the beauty in its destruction. But instead it is a product of your insolence, of your unwillingness to comply, of your blatant disrespect, making this take so much longer than it needs to. It annoys me that I even need to explain this to you. "This is not a game, this is not playtime, you cannot win here, there is nothing to win. Your pride is false, you will only succeed in aiding in your own destruction." "Be still, calm yourself... Focus, Madame. It is in your best interest to relent your body, If you do not, you will be seriously injured. I will not warn you again." She does her best to relax, but her cunt is on fire, pulsating. With each heartbeat it threatens to jump right off her body, negating all of her previous effort to relax. "Since you want to be fucked by a sacred object, I have decided to be kind enough to grant your desire." Kylo unhitches his archaic looking weapon... He fiddles with it for a few seconds, disarming it temporarily. He sets it on the shelf next to the vials so she can see his intent. Surely he is not planning to... There is no way even he would be so cruel... That will KILL me. Forgetting herself she cries out... "NO...NO... OH PLEASE NO....PLEASE, you dont have to do this, you don't ... I understand, I really do, I will be perfect, please dont use that on me, please don't, I promise, i'll do anything you want, ANYTHING, just don't---" her screams have their sound stolen from them... she gasps for air... choking, her throat being crushed by his invisible power. Unable to release her fear verbally, her control is taken from her entirely. She shudders violently, almost convulsing. Her bladder empties itself against her will, the wetness turning icy as it hits the cold air, coating her legs in the chilling humiliation. He outwardly ignores her loss of control and pathetic pleading... It was too late for that. Stepping back, he palms a bottle of water and opens it, moves back into position and presses it to her lips. "Drink." There was no odor to it...she thought. No it didn't matter what it was. He wanted her to drink it, so she did. She had not realized how THIRSTY she was. She eagerly continued drinking until he removed it from her mouth. She was grateful it was only water. He removes the books from underneath her chin, picking up his weapon at the same time, pushing it to her face and distorting her mouth. "Worship it." He pushes into her face harder. Confused, she starts to ask him... "Maste-- "With your mouth." "You have no idea how lucky you are to be allowed to touch such a sacred object with your filthy mouth." With a sigh of relief, she opens her quivering jaw, licks the hilt timidly at first, then picks up her movements, kissing it, rubbing it on her face, smearing her own spit all over her mouth and chin. "Yes, thank you Master Ren, I am not worthy of this honor." She continues kissing and licking the weapon, closing her eyes, she vigorously, enthusiastically kisses, sucks, and licks. "Hold your mouth open for me." She opens her mouth and his mask once again becomes her focus in the mirror. "You can do better. Open your mouth, as wide as you can, or you WILL lose teeth." Slowly, and mindful of her teeth, Kylo Ren feeds the hilt into her mouth. She immediately starts to suck it in... He pushes further. He pulls her head back, gently, by her hair to elongate and straighten her throat. She can still see Him in the mirror, straining her eyes to do so through the tears waiting to be released. She struggles with her breathing and gags as he presses it into her throat. The tiny cuts in her mouth and throat start to bleed into her and out of her mouth, staining her lips with her own blood. He pushes it further down her throat. She concentrates on breathing through her nose and pleasing her Master. "Don't move." Searching her thoughts again... why am I so foolish and prideful, he is clearly a powerful being with much to teach me and much to give to the world... Her silent sobbing is real this time, sobbing for failing him and failing the task she was given... In the mirror he can see the genuine remorse in her upturned eyes. He gently nods and rewards her with a light touch behind her ear, tracing down the side of her neck. "Ah there we are... Finally focused on the task at hand. Now we can begin." *** Yes, please let me endure for you she thinks to him, knowing he can hear her just the same, as if she were actually speaking. The tears streamed down her strong cheek bones. I am no longer my own, Your power is overwhelming, I truly am lucky to be in your presence and honored to be allowed to please you in every way you desire, Master. Her desperation was for him now. It would be endearing had it not taken her so long to figure it out. "Show me. Prove your devotion to me." He releases his subtle hold on her, forcing her to keep herself in position without the aid of his power. Her eyes do not move from his mask In the mirror. She spreads her legs wide apart for him and arches her back, holding herself there in total discomfort and submission. Pushing her deconstructed sex outward for him. She can only hope that it pleases him. She cannot believe, Kylo Ren is actually choosing to spend his time this way, with her. He could have just killed me for wasting so much of his time, and found a replacement. I was ignorant of how important you are... I should have enjoyed my time with you, embraced it. That is all he really wanted. Simple. So... simple. She lamented her loss, but celebrated that he was still willing to allow her to please him. Kylo opened the vial of the swirling, blue, Sith, alchemical sexual stimulant... She made a good choice... This one will help her to experience the sensations more fully for him... he sent the thought her way calmly as she kept her eyes locked on the powerful creature in the mirror. He held his left hand, palm up, to her gaping entrance, forming a sort of 'ramp' leading into her and poured the blue vial down his fingers into her body. He set the empty vial down and proceeded to gently massage the liquid into her, all around inside her, coating her walls... It would take a moment before making its true purpose known to her. He opened a thin bridge between his mind and hers and allowed himself to feel what she felt. He then showed her that he could now see beauty in her protruding, abstract cunt and her distorted face. She felt rewarded, She was grateful. The hinge of her jaw began to ache terribly, so good, good for him. Yes, for you, Master. The liquid was needles, then fire, then rubber bands snapping off inside her, it was so many kinds of delicious pain she could endure for him. It was alive inside her, coating her. Her muscles contracting and releasing on their own... Hrmmmnnnggggg... A shrill sound came from her impaled face... She fought the orgasm for Him... Fought it like she had never fought anything in her life. It continued to build, pressing against her will, taunting her... "---Beautiful. Now release for me." he said, with a clinical, yet soothing, mechanical tone. Her orgasm belonged to him. She had climaxed countless times in her life... Nothing could ever compare to this. This. For Him. Her face emitted a guttural, inhuman sound through the metal gag. The hilt vibrated against her teeth. Her body convulsed violently, shaking so hard the remaining two vials fell over and rolled off the shelf, then off the table and onto the floor. He held her steady. Fresh blood trickled out of the corner of her mouth. She could die now, she was eternally fulfilled. She had pleased The Master. He cradled her head in one hand from behind her and removed the weapon from her throat, letting it follow her body naturally, finally passing through her mouth and out of her lips. She kept her mouth open for him. "So good, so perfect. Yes, This is what I want from you." Finally, he was actually aroused, not enough to bother doing anything about it, but it was something. He was proud of himself for meeting his goal... She understood now. But he was not finished, this needed to be maintained until she passed out or went into shock in order for it to be fully realized. "You may close your mouth." Her mouth felt like a rusty hinge, with some effort she was able to relax her jaw, her eyes locked on his mirror image. She felt the cold metal touch against her labia. He was going to honor her with his sacred weapon again, an extension of Him.. She was no longer afraid, embracing her fate, thinking only of his pleasure. This had to be punishing, and it would be, but he pushed the weapon into her, gently, not moving it any more than what was necessary to push it fully inside her. To his minor disappointment, it touches her cervix before it could disappear into her. No matter, this would do. It was so brutally shaped for this...even with the gentleness behind it. She concentrated on him, on his pleasure with her compliance and devotion, it was the only thing that made this possible for her. She knew he was experiencing everything she did, even if it wasn't going to physically damage him... The compassion of it moved her and made her so much more regretful and just painfully sorry she had ever thought herself better than him. It was worse than anything physical he could do to her... She felt like she had lost a child or killed her own mother. She would never have his full respect now, and all in an effort to try and win respect for herself... She mistakenly thought he would see her defiance as a strength. She really did learn so much tonight. It was all her fault and this was her only chance at redemption. He continued... Moving the weapon inside her, slowly, turning it as he pushed and pulled in short, gentle thrusts. He could smell the coppery blood coming from her feminine wound... He still did not stop. His cock twitched and strained against his clothing as he let the feeling of her complete devotion pulse through him. There was no other sensation like this, nothing like the power he felt when another sentient being gave herself to him so completely, so purely. If he let himself he could have his release right then without any physical contact. He reminded himself that this was not about his own release. This was necessary. He would not allow her to see him that vulnerable. She would have earned that honor were this not about duty. "Master Ren, yes, please, Master" she cried out, not recognizing her own, now gravely, voice, biting her lip to stop herself from disrespecting him by crying out his first name... Kylo, she thought quietly. She started moving into it herself. He allowed it... She moved in time with him now, concentrating on his subtle movements so she could compliment them with her own. The pain was pleasure now, it didn't even matter, pleasure, pain, they were just sensations, ones that did not even belong to her. He slowly removed the bloodied hilt from her mangled sex, and carefully placed it on the table where she could see it if she averted her eyes just a little bit. She was still conscious, and not in shock. He continued. He inserted two fingers into the gaping mess, they went easily this time... Then a third, and a fourth... He worked methodically and slowly to stretch her without any more damage. Finally his thumb and then comes the difficult part... This was always the hard part, it usually hurt his hand when he did it... Tucking all of his fingers in he slowly pushed and massaged to get past the widest part of his impossibly large hand... He opened a bridge and pulled her mind into it just long enough for her to see herself the way he was seeing her now, she could feel the pressure on his hand, like it was in a vice... She stayed still for him... Kylo Ren... Her world finally, mercifully, faded out... He removed his not-quite-fully-inserted hand and put his arm around her chest, pulling her backwards to avoid hurting her neck as she started to fall, using his other arm to steady her from the back. He let her down gently on the floor and left her there while he cleaned himself in the 'fresher. He returned to the room, refreshed and cleaned to find her becoming conscious... He retrieved her bag and put it on top of the table. "Now, get dressed. Go to Dr. Arix's clinic, and confide in her every detail of our time together this evening... Spare nothing, she must know how to properly treat her patients. Just as you now know how to properly prepare your employees for me. I trust you will both be very confident that you can excel in your chosen professions, armed with my enlightenment. I am also certain you will maintain a very professional level of discretion. If either of you break my trust, you will BOTH be held responsible. Do you have any questions for me before I take my leave?" "I do not, Master Ren." He could feel that she had overestimated the validity of her current physical state, He waited for her realization. He was ice, calm, yet polite and almost compassionate... It was unnerving. If she did not respect him before, she sure as kriff did now. "Master Ren..." she grits out, her voice hoarse and faint. Lady Oran struggles to stand up on her own using the table for support... She finally managed to barely hold her own weight upright without too much discomfort provided her feet were several inches apart... Did he really think she could walk all the way to the medical wing? She was fairly certain her vagina was inside out and nearly vomited again at the thought. There was no way she could go to the 'fresher and dress herself. It didn't matter, clothes, her things, her bag, none of it, she would not have cared if 40 male storm troopers saw her on the way back, she just wanted away from him. Kylo smiled inwardly beneath his mask as he caught her thoughts, confident his goals were met. The truth was, even if he would prefer it, he could not put into words exactly what it is he expected. The thought of note taking on the subject amused him. "Of course, I will send for discreet medical transport immediately. Good night, Lady Oran." She continued looking down and dry heaved again at the sight of the thick, roughly textured leather gloves on his hands... He had already changed into a new pair... When had he done that? She decided she didn't care... Not about that, or about much of anything. In one night this creature managed to shatter her, put her back together like some abstract mosaic, then shatter her again, together again... She lost count of how many times this repeated... And she didn't even know his face or his real voice. She would now just focus on putting this out of her mind as much as could ever be expected and begin her recovery. She had no idea that behind the mask was a human man, not quite yet 30 years of age, with soft skin and a healthy physical lifestyle. Nor that technically by all legal and professional standards, he was...a virgin. She would never have believed it anyway. Notes: This chapter was named as a mashed-up nod to two novels I reflect upon with a fondness... The Claiming of Sleeping Beauty, and The Story of O. Chapter 3 : The Good Doctor Arix Summary: Dr. Arix tends to Lady Oran's injuries. Notes: Your comments are always appreciated, even the negatives are welcomed! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Dr. Helena Arix was a petite woman, barely 5 feet tall, with a firm figure that was entirely feminine. Her dark brown skin glowed with vitality and her dark eyes were welcoming and kind. She wore her hair in a barely grown, shorn, no nonsense, no fuss, hair style. She was more than pretty enough to pull this off with grace. Her modest make-up was so well applied it went unnoticed. Her appearance hid her age very well. Although this would be considered a blessing by most women her age, it worked against her when measuring respect amongst her professional peers. In an effort to combat this, she wore unflattering glasses that she didn't even need and her apparel practically came right out of her late Grandmother's wardrobe. This did not have the desired effect, it only made her appear more interesting and slightly awkward. She was an overly-curious sort and had an extensive background in medicine, specializing in gynecology/obstetrics... with a passion for the psychological sciences. Soft spoken, she had an almost parental, kindly bedside manner. The doctor was accomplished, very well-traveled and not a naive nor a careless woman. Her career had taken her all over the galaxy for all sorts of reasons. She had seen enough death, destruction, pain, chaos and injury in her 46 years to rival the experience of even the most hardened officer of the First Order. She did not let her impressive background trick her into thinking she was better than anyone else. She was a rare sort of doctor, lacking the trademark, deity-complex that was so common amongst others in her field. She was sent her special orders that evening. She would get up about three hours earlier than usual to discreetly treat Lady Oran. Dr.Arix was also instructed to allow time for a lengthy discussion involving some additional duties. Lady Oran would provide her with any necessary, extra instructions. She was to act as if Lady Oran was her superior on this occasion, an extension of Master Ren himself. She shuddered involuntarily at the thought of the person attached to that name. Dr. Arix arrived at her clinic as instructed, three hours before normal duties began. Working this closely with the higher military of the First Order was not on her bucket list but the money was just too good to pass up. She would earn at least three times what she was used to earning, doing the exact same thing for a civilian office. Her first patients with the same confidentiality rules came to her in various, memorable states of body and mind. Although she was good at compartmentalizing, these cases burned images forever in her mind, scarring her psyche in a way even she had not known was possible. Each of them had some injuries in common, but they also bore at least one unique physical injury. The assortment of mental trauma was just too much to even think about right now. The most obvious, common trauma, was the severely swollen tissue of the labia minora... their most private, delicate tissues had each been abused with...something. Whatever it was... It was not small and it was abrasive. These women endured the equivalent of being penetrated for extensive periods of time with a sandpaper coated-gnarled, heavy tree branch. Perhaps the master's species had roughly textured flesh? He was very tall, and very large framed although his movements were that of a thin man's graceful dance, she reasoned with herself. She was familiar with many species' reproductive organs, but couldn't place one that would have the 'equipment' to cause this kind of damage. Curiosity got the best of her as usual and from then on, she started taking samples from their skin and nails, and carefully performed extended rape kits on each of the girls while they were still unconscious. She was told not to document. No one had said anything about doing lab work on her own time. She had yet to find a trace of any other DNA, human or otherwise. Her curiosity fueled musings had caught the attention of Master Ren himself. He confronted her in person, in her lab. As he grew closer, before she even saw him, she felt him. The air came alive with electricity, and the scent of burnt steel and salt. The uneasy feeling distracted her immediately, causing her to look away from her work, and at the source of the permeating energy. He did not say much and it was more what he did that cemented her discomfort in his presence. Extending his hand as if to make a friendly, greeting gesture, she took it compliantly, thinking he might shake it, squeeze it or perhaps bring it up to that mask in an act of chivalry. This didn't seem right, coming from him it was almost disturbing. She felt the rough gloves brush against her wrist just as he said, "The answers are often right in front of you, even in the palm of your hand." He then squeezed her hand gently and dragged his glove along her palm. It only took a few seconds for his meaning to register within her. He did always enjoy finding another creature with a quick intellect. "If there is something you wish to know, perhaps have the simple decency and respect to ask before wasting your time and our resources investigating the private lives of your superiors." "I meant no disrespect, Master Ren. I am still new to such a structured, militant, working and private life. If you wish me to resign, or transfer---" "---That won't be necessary, Doctor. Now, what is it you would like to know?" "I had no business, I was only curious." "Ask your question." he said in the now familiar mechanical voice, without a hint of what emotion lay behind it. "I---" "---Ask." he demanded, this time with noticeable impatience and a tone that threatened to quickly turn into anger. Gathering all of her bravery, which she found was not enough for the situation, she looked away and quickly asked, "I do not wish to offend you, Sir, but I was trying to work out if you are human or if you are another species." "Yes, Helena, I am human." was all he offered her for all of her summoned bravery. His use of her first name stirred something in her, It wasn't entirely unpleasant but it was an experience she would have just as soon gone without. "If you wish to satiate any future curiosities, I suggest you request an audience with me through the appropriate channels, I would not take offense. However, if I find out you are trying to investigate me or anything even remotely relative to me again, you will prefer I had transferred you to a labor camp. Do I make myself clear, Doctor?" "Yes, Sir, very clear sir, very clear, yes." She was sweating bullets and her throat was clogged with mud. Kylo turned quickly on his heel, his robes kicking up the air around her, bathing her in a quick, cold chill, as he left the lab without another word. Another goal, met. She was still unfamiliar with what was expected of anyone working with the First Order. He could let this slight betrayal go with his warning, for now. A doctor with her knowledge and skill that could be trusted with the delicate nature of her duties was not an easy thing to find. Thankfully, that was the only time she had been 'graced' with his presence. She would not be requesting any audience, that was for certain. **** Lady Oran was brought in to her clinic on a gurney carried by two medical droids slightly later than expected. She was laying on her side, conscious, but the pain on her face was easily readable. The droids offered no log entry for her datapad as per normal policy... But this situation was 'above' policy and did not fall under the 'normal policy' umbrella. This was often the case with anything involving Master Ren directly. Once inside, the droids lifted Oran and secured the gurney to the examination table's top. They then left the clinic in an orderly fashion. Another droid arrived shortly after, carrying Lady Oran's belongings with it. She thanked the droid, took the items and placed them within Oran's reach. She knew without looking that Oran would be naked under the thin medical sheet, and maintained her usual pleasant bed-side manner with an easy professionalism. Oran began telling her about being secret and chaotically mentioning something regarding Master Ren hurting the doctor if this or that.. It was all incoherent and rushed... desperate... gravel. She was familiar with this behavior. Lady Oran would need time to rest. She soothed Oran with her perfectly toned voice, for the occasion, telling her there would be time for that later. Now was time to get her past this critical point and for her to rest. Gently, she cleaned Oran's delicate, swollen and now familiar features... Expecting to find the usual abrasion trauma, which she did, but she was not prepared for what else she would find. Her jaw dropped in near shock. This can't be! This woman's vagina was all but prolapsed. It would require bio-netting to hold the connected organs in place while she healed. She had serious lacerations all throughout her vaginal walls, crossing one another violently... some as deep as a half centimeter. She knew she was not allowed to use kolto packs unless it was only what is necessary for survival. In this case, she used her best judgment and decided that Oran's quality of life was at stake and that was good enough for her. The risk of infection was just too great. She should receive several injections, but unfortunately would not be able to receive any additional treatment. If Dr. Arix were to have her way, Oran would be put under and given proper laser assisted surgery. Her feminine parts would have ended up better than new. Then, she would sit in a kolto tank for at least two days. She understood perfectly well though that it would be counter-intuitive to Master Ren's orders. Either way, Oran would have minimal scarring and could still enjoy an active sex life...physically...eventually...maybe...provided she wasn't mentally shattered. This would have to do. After her focus was released from the urgency of her recent task, a sickening thought stabbed her in the stomach nearly doubling her over in a retching dry heave. She realized what had caused that damage. She saw it attached to Master Ren's belt. She did not know what it was, but it seemed like some sort of weapon. It, or something similar, was used to---she decided...better if she did not think of it any longer. *** Dr. Arix decided the mild sedative was not necessary, as Lady Oran was already sound asleep. The pain would wake her in an hour or so, the doctor thought to herself. She sent a droid to fetch them a meal, taking the liberty to order basic foods that would aid in the Madame's recovery, certain she would be hungry after her ordeal. She tidied up her already perfect desk and then her lab, in an effort to keep her sympathy for Lady Oran's situation from taking over and getting the best of her. Unable to shake it off, she moved to the refrigerated storage unit and filled a syringe with a gentle painkiller which she then administered to the sleeping patient. The figure on the slab barely resembled the confident woman who normally resided in that body. She convinced herself that Master Ren would allow it for the sake of the conversation he had ordered they have with each other. Without it, the Madame would certainly be unable to focus on the task, nor would she be able to retain the medical advice that would aid in her recovery. Yes, this was exactly the sort of decision she was trusted to make on her own. Master Ren would think nothing of it. *** Madame O awoke slowly, in minimal discomfort. The petite woman greeted her with a gentle, but not patronizing, tone. She never had liked doctors but something about this one was different and she felt comfortable in her presence. "Good morning Lady Oran. You will find suitable clothing right here..." she said pointing to a small, steel medical cart with a neatly folded loose gown and a soft, netted undergarment designed specifically for women to wear in the weeks following childbirth. Take your time. You can use the 'fresher there, gesturing towards a closed door near the steel table. I'll be waiting in my office for you with our breakfast. "Thank you, Doctor." Oran scratched out, not recognizing the sound of her own voice. Oran cleaned herself up, dressed in the small room and collected the rest of her things. She walked the short distance to the large office and greeted the tiny doctor with a slight bow and sat down in the empty chair at the small recreational table. The food was bland and soft which she was thankful for. She did not feel hungry but decided that she should be, considering she had not eaten in nearly 20 hours, so she went ahead and picked at her food, eating it slowly. The two women sat in awkward silence while they ate. Dr. Arix summoned a Droid to clean up the remnants of their meal. *** All Oran wanted to do now is go home and sleep, and in her own interest, was the one to begin the difficult conversation. She sat on her hip as she spoke in as few words as possible, using a data pad to convey some of the more lengthy but necessary details. Her throat and mouth just would not fully cooperate with her. The doctor listened carefully and only interjected when she was unclear and needed to ask a question. As she listened she found herself wondering why such a proud woman would have chosen this life for herself at all. Aware this was not her business at hand, and she was not here to dredge up events from Oran's past, she thought better than to ask out loud. Although she did feel a great deal of sympathy for the woman across from her, as the events of the past night spilled from her mouth, she began to have a clear understanding of why Oran's injuries were so much more extreme than any of the women she had previously treated under Master Ren's instruction. She had been defiant, and resisted him. He was harder on her because he needed her to understand something very specific, and she just would not take the lesson gracefully. This had not been for his entertainment only, if at all. Her deep interest in the psychological sciences afforded her an understanding that may have otherwise went unnoticed by another in her field. It was clear to her that Oran was regretful, not only for her own injuries but for displeasing her Master as well but there was contempt lingering there too. Oran grew closer to hysterics as she neared the end of her reiteration of the night. On the surface, Dr. Arix remained calm and professional toward Lady Oran, but as this story unfolded, she found she liked Oran less and less. She was normally not the judgmental person in the room but this was just too much. This woman really did value her false pride over her own safety. She had no loyalty to the First Order, no real sympathy for others... Yes, she decided now, she really didn't like Oran at all. *** The doctor handed Oran the standard aftercare package she had carefully put together herself shortly after being made aware of exactly what Master Ren expected, and of what liberties in decision making she was allowed to take regarding her care. She gave her basic aftercare instructions, both verbally and by sending a copy to her data pad. Sit comfortably. Walk only when necessary, and ideally use a motorized chair to travel more than a few paces at a time. Use the soothing solution when she relieved her bladder, squeezing the bottle of warm liquid over her delicate injuries as she did so. There was also a small pill she should take daily in order to ease bowel movements, so as to require minimal effort. Pushing, in this condition, was just a bad idea. There was a three month supply of dietary supplements which Dr. Arix found were excellent in aiding with just about any type of speedy recovery, along with an assortment of calming, medicinal teas. There was nothing for the pain itself. After the internal lacerations were healed, which would not take more than a couple of weeks, due to the anaerobic nature of human feminine anatomy, she would then begin physical therapy. This could be done alone, privately, using the contents of the small box indicated by the doctors instructions. In the box were two small, weighted, seamless spheres.** These were of Sith origin, commonly given to wives by their husbands, designed more for enhancing sexual pleasure via strengthening a woman's most secret muscles. The spheres provided by the doctor were of a slightly altered design meant more for their health benefits. They were hollow and made of hypoallergenic materials. Each sphere contained a smaller, much heavier ball that would produce a slight vibration as the woman's natural movements caused them to roll around inside, and tap lightly against the inner walls of the larger, outer sphere. This little vibration would cause involuntary contraction of the pelvic floor muscles as well as make their presence known, reminding her to also voluntarily contract and release. She was to wear these as deeply inside as was comfortable, for several hours per day and would be back to her old self, if not improved after just a few more weeks. Lady Oran gathered the satchel containing the doctor's care package and the rest of her belongings. She thanked the kind doctor with a reflexive, cold politeness and then excused herself to order transport to her quarters. " Finally...going home" , she thought with a profound sense of relief. Notes: **Don't fret ladies, and gentlemen. These spheres do actually exist in real life, and do provide the same effect as described here. These have several health benefits, including the encouragement of just more everyday movement, which is healthy for everyone and every living thing... as my beloved beta says, "life is movement." Chapter 4 : Girls Summary: Oran gathers her employees to begin the selection process for Master Ren. She'd be meeting with the Dr. Arix again soon. Master Ren had specified a straight-oriented female gynecologist for anyone involved in His personal entertainment. It was Dr. Arix's job to see to their physical and mental health needs and to perform the necessary tests for any possible pathogens... It was the Madame's job to research her own clients and potential clients in order to provide the best services possible. In doing so, she came to the conclusion that Dr. Arix would not likely ever be a client of The Den. *** Lady Oran understood now why The Master's specifications were not to be on record... For one thing, it would be impractical to try and list everything. From experience, she learned that each encounter was going to be hand crafted, tailored to suit each companion and situation and His mood... There was no way to prepare someone for having their worst fears combined with sexual helplessness taken to such an extreme. The other reason... good old-fashioned respect and privacy. At least... it wont be me. She was sending each of these women to a certain life altering fate... Either they would move past it, scarred externally, internally, mentally or all three... or they wouldn't be returning at all. He only ever required them for one entire evening, and never would receive them again. These silly girls have no idea that their heroic, fearless leader is never going to be taking them to fairy tale land. There were so many rumors about Him in the glorified brothel... he's old, he's scarred hideously, mostly robotic and controlled by another mysterious figure... These were the more reasonable bits. Some absurd things, like oh...he's really just a tall woman... he's really Captain Phasma... he has two dicks... he has no dick... She rolls her eyes at her inward thoughts. Then, there was the really disturbing stuff... the truth . She just wanted to escape, but she would never get away from what was in her own mind... her own memory. She really thought she had known Kylo Ren's 'type', and what he would have expected from his whores. She was mistaken... He could not be categorized in any traditional sense. She now had a very firm grasp on exactly what was missing from her previous formula. Stay on task, Oran, stay focused, just don't stumble ...her new, sloppy 'mantra'. The one point she would be sure to drive home to these unfortunate women is this: You cannot fake anything with him. You must obey him, even in your thoughts, if you expect to survive the night with any hope of recovery. Every day, every minute was agony... She would feel that monster between her legs for another month, at least... and a dark web of lesions, permeating her mind and spirit, for eternity. Death, a welcome friend, only came to her in sleep. She had to get out of here, and soon. For now all she can do is fulfill her job requirements, hoping to go unnoticed... and today, that meant choosing women from her employ to be sent to him immediately upon his request. This task was more difficult than it had ever been before. She had known He was extreme, but..it had been easy to put out of her mind and send the girls to him, before she experienced Him herself. Now, she was forced to inwardly accept responsibility for her role in the situation. She was only allowed to divulge details of her ordeal with the little doctor and other women who had the same unfortunate honor of being his temporary guest. This limitation suited her fine since she had no desire to speak of it anyway. He was right though, she had to admit... being with Him, under his direct control, left no question in her mind of exactly how to do her job perfectly... to His standards. She decided just to get them together all at once and dictate something pre-written to the new group of women at the same time rather than relive it over and over again. Maybe 'recruiting' them in a group would seem less personal than singling them out and speaking to them one on one. Maybe it would be easier this way... *** She sat delicately on her hip in the large comfortable chair that was notably the 'high' seat of the circle... The women each found a seat in the inward facing circle of lesser, but still plush and comfortable chairs. Their meeting space felt more like a large living area than it did a conference room. The furnishings and decoration of the entertainment wing, in general, had a stark contrast to the rest of the almost entirely grey-shaded, neatly organized, sterility of the First Order base. "Good evening ladies." "Good evening Madame Oran.", an unorganized chorus of feminine voices answered back. Her data pad said to select three women this time. Three poor girls , she thought to herself. "As you know, we at Starkiller have the honor of providing services to some of the most if not THE most powerful men in the galaxy. One of which is Master Kylo Ren." She threw up in her mouth a little, realizing the name that escaped her lips. She paused to collect herself before continuing her speech. The circle came alive with giggling and chatter. The excitement coming from the young women nauseated Oran. She cleared her throat loud enough to regain their attention. "Of course, we are all under his employ at all times, but this will afford a lucky few of you the opportunity to personally attend to Master Ren. A single night, from nightfall to daybreak is all of your time he will require. From this single work night you will earn three months worth of credits and plenty of time off to enjoy it afterward." Some of her employees were already eagerly waving their arms around like schoolgirls waiting to be called on. "Pick me." "Kriffing right that job is so mine." "Yes, I can use the time off." "I will fuck that mask right off him... mmm ." "Is that the tall guy that wears the black dresses?" Gwen laughed, flipping her brown hair over her shoulder. There were various other comments and squealing which Lady Oran chose to ignore. She again cleared her throat in an attempt to command silence. The sounds rose above what her voice could project. "EXCUSE ME LADIES." Silence followed. "You will all do well to take this VERY SERIOUSLY. This childish behavior you are all projecting is not something desirable to Master Ren. There is a reason this client pays so generously and you will do well to remember this when making your decision. He is not General Hux, he is not some lowly soldier or captain. He is the Master of the Knights of Ren, a warrior and a sorcerer and doesn't take well to disrespect in any form." "He is just another lapdog from what I've heard." the blonde girl to her left, sneered aloud and out of turn. "He is not just anything, Eena." Oran corrected her. I could report you for treason right now, and given the context, he'd likely punish you himself, without the luxury of you having a choice in the matter. "I will not suffer anymore interruptions." Lady Oran says calmly before continuing. "Volunteers will be expected to fill out this application, meet with Dr. Arix for a full physical exam and blood work, then wait to be informed of your status. This will take approximately three days. During this time you will not be allowed to take any clients or leave the base for any reason. If selected, you will continue your hiatus from taking clients and wait for him to order his entertainment. If not selected, you will be expected to return to your normal work schedule immediately. No one will be forced or otherwise coerced into volunteering." "Ok, so that takes care of the pros, great money...time off, a one time honor/opportunity... lets have a look at the cons." Charlotte raises her hand, waits for a few seconds, then says... "Well what if you just respect him and desire to be with him? Is that acceptable motive for volunteering?" she snaps. Charlotte, although new, had already gained the contempt of the other women for her snooty, sycophantic comments and attitude thus far. This sleight of mouth was not at all surprising to anyone there. Lady Oran shot a 'dagger loaded' eye at Charlotte, complete with one eyebrow raised so high it looked like a caricature of her 'real' eyebrow. With a delicate, graceful tone that did not match her very animated eyebrow and pointed look, she replies... "Yes, Charlotte, that is more than acceptable. You may forgo the application process and go directly to the Doctor. I will send word to her that you are on your way just after we finish up here." She smiled wickedly. Charlotte began to panic, realising she was now expected to back up her big mouth with action. "N-no...no, we should all have the same opportunity, I would not want to take the position from someone more deserving..." "While that is Honorable, I assure you, there is no one here more deserving of The Master than you, dear Charlotte..." spits Oran. "Besides, this is not a contest, there are not limited spots available. There is no reason why all of you cannot be selected eventually." Charlotte thought she would break down and cry right there. She had a big mouth, acted tough and played advocate for whoever she thought was on the winning team... But... she truly did NOT wish to volunteer to be Master Ren's plaything. She was there to pay off a debt. She told herself... one cycle only, perhaps two, that was it . She had never been a contract concubine before, kriff, she had only recently even lost her virginity and certainly never held an actual job. "Really, I... thank you Lady Oran." she decided to cut her losses now. "I trust there will be no more interruptions then?" Oran states. "Ok, so, where were we?...oh yes, we have discussed the pros..." He had very precisely communicated this important rule of the selection process... You must come voluntarily, and know that you are taking a risk. Know that you are putting your fate in the hands of someone who is not bound by law. In his world you are nothing but entertainment... like an expensive holovid and dinner or a night out gambling. You are a commodity, and no longer a person ...the mechanical voice in her head reminds her. "If selected, you would be expected to simply go to the room specified to you. If Master Ren is not there, you wait. When he gets there, keep your mouth shut and wait for him to speak. He will let you know exactly what he wants. It is up to you to determine how this should be interpreted and carried out, not if it should be. He is not your boyfriend. He does not want to date you or impress you. He is not bound by normal rules. He will do whatever he pleases without fear of consequence. Remember...by volunteering today you are putting your life at risk." "You will take this seriously. In his presence you will do yourself a favor in being quiet, respectful and obedient. I can not and will not go into specifics, but you will likely be asked to make choices throughout the evening... Don't assume that not choosing is the right answer. Make a choice. Choose the worst possible answer even, but DON'T just...NOT...answer him."... hopefully I've painted a clear enough picture without overstepping The Masters' orders ... she worries inwardly. "If you still insist on volunteering, fill out the form on your data pads and return it completed before daybreak. You will be notified within three days with further instructions regarding your current status. Those selected will be given the best possible private medical care available, if necessary." "Anyone not wishing to volunteer is dismissed. The rest of you can begin filling out the forms sent to your data pads. That is all ladies. Thank you for your time." Resolved to make the best of her nearly forced 'volunteering', Charlotte picked up her bag and slowly headed down to the medical wing...as if taking her time getting there would somehow dig her out of her debt faster. Four of her girls quickly exited the conference den, while the remaining twelve began busying themselves with the applications on their data pads. *** The broken, spiraling Madame waits for the girls to leave before slowly making her way back to the front of the den to begin taking client orders and making appointments. She did not want her girls to see her struggling to walk there. A different kind of dread washed over her as she approached the front desk... ...It was red haired, stood like it was marble and wore a uniform that was so stiff and starched, it may as well have been made of stone. It was almost comical and visually impossible. This man-boy had no sense of humor and no sense of empathy. He was a classic sociopath. General Hux. Ugh... He appeared to have himself well put together, but Oran and her girls knew the real Hux was a childish, fumbling sadist with humiliating tastes. At least, you knew where you stood with him. "Good Morning, General." Ignoring her greeting, Hux looked at the Madame with the corner of his upper lip twitching in disgust. "Send three of your whores to the usual place by nightfall... on time... and clean! Oh, and Mizzzz Oran, you'd do best to remind them that whores don't have opinions... before sending them to me...unless, you find it industrious to employ cunts without teeth. Vile, but at least he is predictable... Yes... I NEED to get OUT of here! "Of course, General Hux, I'll make the arrangements right away Sir." Before she had even finished responding to his order, he had already turned on his heel like a steel hinge, stiff as ever. She would spend the majority of the rest of her night going over the applications. Chapter 5 : General 'Gingerbread' Hux Summary: General Hux is rewarded for his efforts. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) General Hux was a stern man, a serious man, strict and disciplined. He would love nothing more than to see perfect order, nothing out of place. Young for a general, he knew he needed to work twice as hard to gain half the respect he deserved. He had a firey passion for it that threatened to evolve into a raging inferno. It was his duty, no his destiny, to snuff out the republic, eliminating all disorder in the galaxy. Hux held himself so stiffly, it was as if he had an overly taught string pulling from his feet through to the top of his head, threatening to snap and destroy him and anyone in his orbit at any moment. If he got angry or felt insulted, somehow, he, impossibly, got even more stiff. You could literally see the veins pulsing in his temples, his face turning fiery, matching his neatly styled coiff. He looked like a bomb threatening to explode at any moment... Any moment now... wait for it...okay, now ... It never happened. Hux held it all in. In many ways, General Hux was the polar opposite of Kylo Ren. He wanted to be feared, but was 'merely' respected... and only then for his charisma and position as general of the First Order. He would see the life in a room repel from Kylo instantly. Jealousy raged within Hux at the sight of the 'misplaced' fear. Why don't they fear ME? Why do they only fear HIM? I am the one that controls the military. I am the reason the First Order is formidable! He is only my Enforcer. Why couldn't Supreme Leader Snoke see that his precious pet Ren was nothing more than an illusion, nothing more than parlor tricks, a mere remnant of a dead religion! Kylo did not have to make the 'difficult' decisions... Why couldn't Snoke see that Kylo was ultimately only invested in his own, personal interests... that he did not put the Order above all else...? General Hux knew he spent too much of his focus on his hatred of the glorified brat, but that second rate mentalism of his was... so... INFURIATING! Sure, Kylo's methods as an 'inquisitor' were invaluable to the First Order... If the information was there to be had, Kylo would get it, he never failed in this task...but was THIS worthy of Snoke's nearly undivided praise and attention?... NO! Hux was determined to show the Supreme Leader that his lapdog was nothing more than just that... He would find a way to discredit Kylo in Snoke's eyes... He would find a way to destroy him and take his rightful place, once and for ALL! So what if he had an 'ancient' weapon? It was nothing more than a dangerous toy. So what if he was the grandson of the late, great Vader. This means nothing... Vader FAILED! He failed the empire...he failed his own family... failed himself and he failed his grandson. Kylo was riding the ancient Sith Lord's heels... The young Ren was no Lord Vader. (even if he was, still, so kricking what, Vader was not that great)... Kylo Ren was just a poor copy of a weak legend, his blood diluted and his loyalties misplaced. His little self-projected game of fear... it was all just smoke and mirrors... Hux hated Kylo because he had a childish, uncontrolled temper... hated Kylo because he took his own agendas forward... hated him for being undeservedly revered and respected and for not consistently putting the First Order above all else in his life and work. What Hux failed to realize was one of the most important and basic things about sentient life in general... We all hate what we fear about ourselves the most. *** General Hux decided that while Kylo was away on one of his 'special assignments', it was the perfect time to retrieve his device from room 2187. He worked so hard not to let so much as a micro-expression escape his face and give away his secret to the entitled enforcer. Kylo had the gift of perception, but still, Hux was confident in the success of his own subterfuge. He gathered his secret prize and stopped at the Den along the way to place his order before bringing the recording to his quarters. He reveled in it as he let his mind soar with all the possibilities... He felt like a kid again, playing a spy game. He caught himself about a quarter of the way through the footage... jaw hanging as if unhinged... one hand on his dick. He felt embarrassed in front of his imaginary audience. The sensitive nature of his pale, nearly translucent skin was not sufficient cover from the redness that painted his cheeks... He was sweating in the cold room. Looking away was not an option. He certainly did have some new ideas about what to do with these three whores tonight! General Hux was not a stupid man but not necessarily gifted with a quick wit or adept personal social skills. He could command a great army with finesse. Hux could inspire a galaxy in one passionate speech. He was riveting, giving a nearly operatic performance, improving the impact with every event at which he spoke. When it came down to speaking with a person face to face... he was reduced having the charisma of a lower primate. Watching the holo-vid over again... his hatred for the Ren grew. He knew somehow, perhaps only subconsciously... Kylo again had something going for him that Hux was lacking... the ability to command so purely... to practically turn a person into a puppet by sheer will. This was no magic power... it was simple psychology. Hux relaxed and began 'learning' from the video while also being entertained. *** Hux secured the door behind him and prepared one of the largest conference rooms available. This was the same one he normally used for such occasions. Tonight he would celebrate his certain coming victory over Kylo with three choice employees of The Den. He was going to reward a Section comprised of his best men this evening, using his own credits. Hux was basically lonely, friendless and awkward in a social situation... He compensated for this regularly by holding these 'reward' meetings... or even just taking several of the whores at a time himself for the evening's company. The thought of a one on one encounter with a real woman, with real intimacy was unthinkable to him... what was the point? The girls arrived first, on time, and clean, as ordered. This would not save them. Hux had prepared a simple contest for the three hapless women. He did not ask their names. He simply named them himself. Pointing at the average height, blonde woman with the ridiculously sized fake breasts, he dubbed her..."Fun Bags." He had decided right away that the redhead would be named 'Lips'... and the third, mousy haired girl... 'Sugar'... What he lacked in creativity, he made up for with the flavor of a boring cruelty, disjointed and awkward at best. His game was simple... They would each tell him why they wanted to service him tonight. Hux didn't realize nor would he have cared that, this little game he delighted in, was nothing more than a childish way to fish for compliments. He wouldn't have blinked if you told him it was doubly pathetic because he was fishing for the compliments of those he deemed far beneath himself. He would have barely recognized these things as insulting. How fortunate for congruity that the red head gave the 'best' answer. "General Hux, you are powerful and strong, I am honored to be here, with you." He allowed the other two girls to answer as well but only for the sake of more compliments and the sense of power he felt when they spoke to him this way. "Speak up, Fun Bags..." "I can't wait to please you, General. I ADORE a man in uniform and this one fits you so well. I'd love to have your huge cock in my mouth." "Disgusting primate." grumbles Hux. "You can do better than Fun Bags, can't you, Sugar?" Sugar tries to keep from laughing outwardly. She just keeps hearing all the regular, 'office' jokes in her head about the Gingerbread General and the strawberry patch around that little dick of his... and can't help herself. "I...hehehe... would.......haahha.... dear sorry, so sorry General---" "Just don't" ... he then walks over to Sugar and slaps her hard, on her face... The hit landed perfectly... He felt the stinging start mid-palm and then radiate outward, using each finger as a path to escape. He loved that feeling on his hand, and even better when the hit was so evenly placed, spreading the sensation out on his palm the way it was doing in this moment. He slaps her again, the hit landing awkwardly this time, not repeating the desired effect. He moves on from the dull display. "The winner is Lips." Hux grabs Lips by one of her nipples and pulls her to him, then pushes her down to the floor, prompting her to wait there on her knees. Of course the General had already decided who the lucky girl would be, even before a single one of them breathed a word. Anyone that ever finished a Psych 101 remedial class would know he just wanted to pretend he was fucking himself in the mouth all night. "You, Lips"... he snorts, snapping his fingers and pointing at his crotch. "You two... you get to serve the Order tonight in a big way... You will be responsible for rewarding an entire Section of my finest troops. You wont have to do much, or make any decisions... All you need to do is keep squeezing those dicks while you still have any control over the holes that come in such inconvenient packaging." Hux repositions himself closer to Lips. He grabs a fist full of the red hair, he then frees his dick and orders Lips to earn her new name. He lets her move at her own pace at first, but quickly grows impatient and begins fucking the face hole, masturbating roughly with the dehumanized entrance. He starts to lose his erection and remedies this by squeezing the nose connected to the face his new fuck hole was attached to... The clumsy vibration of the gagging and choking coming from the related throat provides him with the extra stimulation he needs. Lips struggles to breathe as he continues using her face this way without affording her the luxury of taking in oxygen. The General releases the red hair in his hand and for no other reason than his own whim to change sensations, he lets the face under the red hair breathe, and backs away from it, leaving it empty. Lips takes greedy breaths of air. After scanning the room briefly, he makes another quick, clumsy decision. He again grabs a hand full of Lips' hair and roughly directs her to the chair, bending her over it's seat from the side. He rips her skimpy bottoms off hungrily, leaving their tattered remains attached to one of her legs. He then pries her ass cheeks apart and spits directly in the defenseless opening, shoving his average sized dick into the unnatural hole without valid preparation. As he pushes in and out, LIps struggles to maintain her balance, grabbing onto the chair's hard seat with a white-knuckled effort to prevent falling over. Sugar and Fun Bags watch in mild disgust, mostly thinking about what time it was now in relation to when they would be able to get back home... what they would be doing for their own entertainment the following day... shopping, exchanging secrets with friends... What was happening now was just routine, another night on the job. They each turned around upon hearing the troopers approaching... the heavy sound of their tandem marching marked a sizeable group, perhaps an entire Section of men. Hux chose a particularly skilled group of his prized troopers to reward this evening. They filed into the room and the last to enter secured the door once again. Hux ordered them to remove the two girls' already minimal clothing and then secure them in the harnesses. Their General points to the pile of sturdy straps, rope and metal clasps near the door and gestures toward the ceiling at the anchored hooks above them. Two troopers immediately understood his additional, wordless instruction and begin carrying out the 'orders'. The men then suspended the girls in the adjustable contraptions leaving each entrance in the trembling fuck bags easily accessible simultaneously. The resulting positions were anything but comfortable. The apparatus' could freely spin and swing into each other if enough strength was applied. The men were all aware this was planned and paid for. There was nothing new or illegal about it and they all looked forward to what was going to be a very fun night. Hux watched as the men finished securing Sugar and Fun Bags into their painful positions, locked in a state of suspended helplessness. They did not object, they cooperated easily with the men, lending their bodies in any way that seemed appropriate for getting the job done quickly and without issue. Continuing to lazily thrust into Lip's exit hole, he gives the 'go ahead' to his men. The first group of six troopers needed no further encouragement and proceeded to play a short, mock game of musical chairs as they scrambled to find the entrances each found most to their liking. It was a sloppy, disordered show of masculine validation at best. The two stayed suspended for the next four hours, being impaled consistently in each of their four entrances and two exits... any orifice emptied was not for long... a replacement quickly finding its way to continue the punishing treatment. It was almost like a factory line. One trooper after another, removing the duraplast groin protection plates from their suits, releasing cock after cock in the same way to be then turned into temporary pistons. The troopers themselves really were not fully responsible for their actions... They were all stolen and then raised from infancy to be exactly what General Hux wanted them to be, in every way. At least the women were here by the grace of a more willful sense of duty. The waiting troopers were shouting various jeers and encouragements to their fellow Section members. "Tag, you're it!" "Next"... was the follow up to a 'high five.' Various, generic hoots and vulgarities flooded the room. It was all very, mundane and vanilla-flavored really. The chorus of grunts and howls continued, providing a fitting soundtrack to the events happening in the room. Hux lost his erection again and pulled Lips back around to face his groin... smashing her mouth to his flaccid sex. She quickly took the thing in her mouth and began doing her job. He kept his fingers tangled in the red nest, roughly and overenthusiastically thrusting into her with his still-drooping member. His lack of virility only fueled his cruelty and he pumped with more of a showy performance and less actual need or desire. No one here cared for a purpose. There was no artful lesson or beauty to be taken in. It was just men regressed to fumbling boys. In reality, they were humiliating themselves most of all. The women would be returning home, going to work and continuing their lives, gossiping and cracking jokes at the General's expense. They knew full well these troopers, as well as the Gingerbread Man had no other way to release themselves. They were uneducated in sexual artistry. They were simple and that was perfect... a simple, easy job for the girls. Hux found himself thinking about the holovid from room 2187.. his arousal filling the face hole again. No, he wouldn't bother trying to fit his hand in any of the holes, what was the point... just to make them useless the rest of the evening? He didn't understand why he was so turned on by the thought of this. He considered Kylo's pointless ministrations... the boy didn't even have the guts to stick it in! Hux just didn't get it at all. This was fine with him, he was content to simply find release however it presented itself at the time. He could really use this angle when presenting the new 'information' to Snoke. To illustrate how 'cowardly' Kylo really was. He could not even gather the nerve to have any actual sex for sith's sake. The General finally released in her mouth, pulling himself out and stepping back, mid-ejaculation so as to spit some of the white fluid in sloppy drops all over the 'toy' kneeling at his feet. She kept her mouth open, pretending to try and catch the worthless seed hungrily... This was almost a comical display of the lowest form of empty pornographic 'entertainment'. Hux had no idea how absolutely boring Kylo would have found this event to be... yet, he marveled inwardly, pleased with himself that he had been the more ' Male' of the two and caressed his mock victory over Kylo in his own mind. He shoved Lips' away, fastened his trousers, then pushed the girl over in the direction of the mostly satiated group of troopers that were still in attendance... "Finish however you like with that." He left the room without another gesture or word and made his way back to his quarters, eager to view his secret holovid once more before sleeping. The two suspended girls relaxed themselves and waited to be released from suspension... their gaping cunts, swollen and bruised purple from the nights' events...They would both recover fairly quickly and felt the discomfort in their bound legs and arms to be much more annoying than the condition of their used orifices. Casually, they discussed spa treatment options, ignoring the garbled sounds coming from Lips and the remaining troopers. *** As much as Hux enjoyed berating Kylo for catering to his own agenda above all else, Hux also had a personal agenda, if not a sharp vendetta. Hux would make Snoke see the truth about Kylo, even if it is the last thing he does. He sent the holovid in advance of his request for audience... ...Finally Hux had his meeting with the Supreme Leader. The moment he had waited and planned for was here at last. The meeting chamber was deep within the icy planet, Starkiller... It was dark, damp, colder than the rest of the planet and had an overall holo-horror-vid feel. Thin and razor sharp, warm wisps of energy flew around in patterns not recognizable by an average humanoid. They replaced the cold with a quick, sharp and fleeting heat that was somehow even more disturbing than a sudden cold chill might have been. There was nothing welcoming about this place. It was the perfect environment for its intended purpose. Snoke decided that the little power struggle between his two, most valuable subjects would end today. Although it had been ideal for their spirits at first, it was now getting out of hand. Like a worn matress, balance between the two alphas needed to be flipped. " Kylo Ren ." He summons his apprentice without effort, through a force thread casually opened. " Kylo Ren. Come to me. Come to me at once." "Yes, Supreme Leader ." Kylo responds obediently, moving toward the chamber at once with graceful speed. "Young General, I have summoned you in regard to your attempt to gain favor through the betrayal of my own Apprentice? What could you have possibly hoped to gain, revealing these stolen moments to me? Did it not occur to you that I am already aware of what my enforcer does with his time?" "I can explain, Supr---" "SILENCE, General." again annoyed at Hux's ignorance. Hux turns around when he feels Kylo approaching. "Kylo Ren. Remove your helmet." hisses the holographic, towering image of Snoke. Why does the Supreme Leader wish to humiliate me in front of that sniveling krock?..The general's greatest accomplishment is stealing infants for sith's sake! Kylo fights the urge to object defiantly. He shakes off his thoughts before they betray him. Hux has never seen his face. He was aware of Kylo's age only through Snoke. They were not too far removed in years at all. Kylo shakes off his fear and remembers his place, beneath the Supreme Leader. "Yes, Supreme Leader. Of course, Master." He rests on one knee, bows his head and quickly removes his helmet. Kylo knows when his pride is working against him and is no stranger to submitting himself to his own Master. Hux barely understands the significance of this moment. He does not fully appreciate its true gravity. Hux cannot resist the urge to finally see the boy for what he truly is. His curiosity consumes him and he turns his head sharply and downward, in one diagonal movement, not believing the image before him. Kylo does not look up at Hux. He continues to bow and kneel before his master. Choose, General... commands Snoke, pleased with his own wit. "I am sure I do not understand your meaning, Supreme Leader." Hux responds without sarcasm. He truly did not understand. "General, who will carry out your punishment. Master Kylo Ren. or your Supreme Leader?" Snoke asks, annoyed he has to 'repeat' himself while practically holding the young General's hand. "Supreme Leader, I respect your judgment and wish for you to carry out my punishment." There is no way I am going to let that brat have the satisfaction. "Kylo Ren, rise." Kylo obeys, rising at once. Hux can see clearly that Kylo is a master of sith-nosing at least. General Hux, it is my judgement that you have betrayed the First Order. You have betrayed your own... You have betrayed Kylo Ren, Enforcer of the First Order and Master of the Knights of Ren. You have done so errantly and foremost for your own personal success, only secondly considering the well being of the First Order. Speak for yourself now, General." "I have betrayed Ren. I have not betrayed the First Order." Hux responds in as few words as possible, taking care not to seem weak or too apologetic. "Very well General. Kylo Ren is my ruling. Kylo Ren will be your punishment. Kylo Ren will be my method. After this day, you will no longer consider yourself his equal." "Show him." Snoke says, looking straight into Kylo's waiting eyes. Hux tries to keep his eyes locked on Snoke rather than face the entitled Ren. Hux had no idea that up until this very moment, he had merely been allowed to think he was Kylo's equal or better. Kylo turns, facing Hux, showing no emotion. HIs stone face framing the eyes that Hux dared not look into willingly. Although he did loathe Hux, possibly more than anyone he had ever personally met... he really did not enjoy what he was about to do nearly as much as he rightfully could have. In less than an instant, and with only a slight movement of Kylo's right hand, Hux's head snaps to the side, facing Kylo in spite of his body. His neck felt almost as if it had been broken. He feels his eyes pull to Kylo's. He cannot control his own body. Helpless, and now forced to submit to the man-child he has hated for so long... he resigns himself to his humiliating fate. What followed was nothing any human could have ever imagined without experience. Kylo Ren stood emotionless. His helmet was cradled between his rib cage and his left arm. He twists his wrist and slowly clenches his hand as he gathers the force and compresses it... He then pulls his fist inward, sharply, toward his own chest, stopping just before impact. As Hux stood watching Kylo's movements, he felt a sudden crash of pain flood over him, pounding him into the ground... HIs screams were inhuman. The pain was surreal and sharp, coating every atom of his flesh, all the way through every sinew, stopping its pulse within the core of each of his bones, all at once... continuing to pulse. The sensation grew in intensity with each convulsion of the force... water in Kylo's hands. Kylo Ren slowly pushed Hux beyond what his body and mind could endure. The pain and horror became more than Hux could even process. Kylo continued for what seemed like an eternity, without pause, until Snoke, out of boredom rather than mercy, slowly bellows, "Kylo Ren, you are dismissed." Hux collapsed in a lifeless heap on the floor. The Supreme Leader was more than confident his point had been absorbed by the young general. Snoke's hologram disappeared from the chamber, leaving the unconscious, defeated general to fend for himself. "Supreme Leader." Kylo says as he bows to the fading image of Snoke. He then turns on his heel and heads back to his quarters. The rest of the way, Kylo held back shuddering disgust as he reflected, against his better judgment, on the list of fears that flooded Hux's mind just before punishment. It was just before that first intention, that first movement, that he saw the images of Lady Oran's bloodied figure in the company of himself. The imagery of the private events in room 2187 flipped like the pages of a book, right out of Hux's mind. He wanted to unleash his anger right then, and he did just that, all without showing his cards. The timing was perfection. Kylo decided he would reward himself. He would not allow this incident the power it needed to successfully embarrass him. *** Notes: I am not a huge fan of getting inside Hux's head. It feels very one-dimensional, and that single dimension is just a wee-tad icky. Chapter 6 : Charlotte's Web Summary: Charlotte learns a new skill. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Dr. Arix was already waiting for Miss Charlotte by the time the girl arrived at the clinic. Lady Oran called to give the go ahead on her early examination, explaining to Dr. Arix that Charlotte somehow qualified to skip the initial screening process. Helena was a little leary of this shaky explanation but went ahead and set up for the exam as directed. The last thing she wanted to do was upset Lady Oran or worse, Master Ren. "Hello, Charlotte, right this way." Dr. Arix motioned for Charlotte to follow her into Exam-1. Go ahead and undress from the waist down and place your feet here as usual. This will be pretty much routine and not much different at all than your usual monthly exam. There will be a few additional tests, including some extra blood work. I will then measure your resting heart rate and check for additional medical issues and range of movement. I can send the specifics to your data pad at your request. They will only be available for a short time and will be wiped from the device's memory before you leave here today." "No thank you, doctor." Charlotte sounded off with a defeated tone. She was already aware that it didn't matter if she knew what was going to happen to her or not, it was going to happen, so why bother thinking about it at all. The First Order eliminated much of the burden of personal choice, while at the same time providing safety, comfort and its own kind of freedom. This was more than fine by her and following a few rules she did not like was a small sacrifice for such a rewarding life. "Ok, Charlotte. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask." It was obvious to Helena...something was wrong. The girls were usually bubbly and excited (at this stage). They would even sometimes 'squeal' rather than speak with actual words. Charlotte nearly had the demeanor of someone who had already spent the night with Master Ren. It was almost unfortunate that the girl was passing every one of the tests with flying colors. She was cooperative. At least she had that going for her. Master Ren would appreciate this. The girl had some hope of returning here after a night with Him, whole, and possibly enriched by her time with The Master. I hope for the best for you, young Charlotte. All of the employees of the first order, civilian and military alike, underwent mandatory, monthly physical exams... The First Order had a very strict, zero tolerance policy for anyone with any sort of communicable disease. All women were required to obtain a license in order to birth children. If coupled, said couple must both obtain a license. This meant undergoing similar testing. All of this was very routine, just not routine in relation to the current situation. Dr. Arix found it mostly a simple task to tend to patients sent to her by the Den. Master Ren's company specifically was beginning to feel just as routine. "That's it, all done. You may redress and sign out when you are ready." Dr. Arix smiles with her voice, matching the pleasant grin on her pretty face. *** Charlotte received her instructions to meet Master Ren in Conference-2187. This was too soon . It had not even been a full three days yet. She only had a few hours left before---no she would not think of it. She would prepare herself as she would for any other client. She would do her job as efficiently as possible, doing everything she must to preserve herself and please her client. She would not let him know she was not happy to be with him. She would not let him see that she felt manipulated and betrayed by her Madame. She arrived early. She stood outside the door, tracing the numbers with her eyes. Taking deep breaths she worked to gain the strength and courage to enter the room and discover her fate. Holding in the last of these deep breaths, she pressed the button on the door and watched it slide upward, welcoming her to enter. Stepping inside, she immediately notices the air is colder here than the already cold air of the rest of the base. *** The shadow standing before her now tells her to remove everything she was not born with and gives her instructions for cleaning and then presenting herself to him. Sithspit , she thinks to herself... just another krodding weirdo... were any of their clients... normal? " She makes her way to the refresher and follows his commands perfectly, then maneuvers herself into position, on her knees, at his feet. In his usual, predatory way, he gathers the information he needs to make this experience as fulfilling for both of them as possible. "Oh, are you not here of your own accord, Charlotte?" Smart girl, too smart for her own good really ... "Do you feel you were somehow tricked into being here for me?" So little experience... Excitement, fear..." There is always the fear, different flavors...each delicious in their own way. She was luckier than she knew. He was feeling slightly playful this evening, which in comparison to a 'normal' person would still make him seem like a stone monk. Having bested Hux earlier that day, there was a noticeable spring to his usual lunge-walk... watched Hux make a fool of himself ... Teaching someone anything they did not already know (even Hux) was one of his favorite passions to feed. It was all very artistic and quite poetic. "Answer me, Charlotte." He knew the answer already of course. She had been too prideful and in an effort to save face, she had not spoken the truth in her own defense. She preferred the favorable opinion of her peers over her own safety... While life had taught her this was usually a very good bet, tonight would teach her she was wrong. She was working for The Den in the first place because of shame infested pride, afraid to tell Daddy she needed money to pay for a reckless bet she had lost... Fear...her father...he will think the worst of his little princess . Tonight would be fine entertainment indeed. "Yes, I am here of my own free will, Master Ren." "Do not bother insulting either of us with your lies!" He was quickly standing in front of her. He lifts her off her knees by her face, he pulls her bottom jaw open and squeezes her cheeks into her open mouth. "Do you know what it says to me when you lie to me? It says that you believe I lack the basic intelligence to know when something is not true. It says you have no respect for me." "You will listen to the question again, Princess...I know why you are here already. I want to know why you think you are here." "I...I think...I think that I may have been conned into this situation."...chimes her sweet voice, peppered with fear. "I am going to give you one chance to leave here, listen carefully, Princess ." "I will tell you some things about you that I know for certain to be absolute truth. You will then have three choices." He scans her mind with more focus this time... "You feel as though you were forced to be here. You were not. You did not 'volunteer'. You had a big mouth, and your pride was used to manipulate you into being here. You don't want to admit this to yourself. You also know you deserve this. You are more excited and curious than you are afraid of me." "One, you can disagree with me, dishonoring yourself and your Madame, leave here now and fetch another girl for me. She will be paying for your crimes as well as her own. After hearing from me, your Madame will deal with you how she sees fit. That will be the end of it." Kylo walks around her in his usual, slow, lunging strides, his mask locked forward onto Charlotte's face... His movements pushed salty leather and charred dura-steel into her sinus'. "Or two, you can think with a clear mind, agree with me, know that you have learned something valuable about yourself and bear harsh punishment for me, for your Master. You will be absolved of treason provided I am satisfied with you." He leans into Charlotte's face, not even an inch from her skin..."And finally your third option... You can try to run from me or refuse to make a clear choice, and we will... see what happens ." "Yes, Master Ren, I am ready and I understand the choices. Thank you, Master Ren." The electronic voice escaping the mask was oddly human..."Answer me with one word, Charlotte." "Two." Her answer is professionally swift. It was in her best interest to give the answer she thought he most wanted to hear. "Excellent choice," he says, rewarding her with a tone suggesting he is pleased with not only her choice but also with her making the decision in a timely manner. "Now we are in agreement. At this point, you are here of your own will?" "Yes Sir, I am ready and willing to please you, if only you will let me." Charlotte answers him quickly and 'by the books.' Kylo chooses to delight in her professional attitude... rather than allow himself to be annoyed by the sycophantic nature of her response. She was, after all, only abiding by what she had been taught in her standard, First Order training and education regarding her chosen profession. He would be adding a necessary dimension to that training tonight. *** He maneuvers her body to a kneeling position just at his feet. She brings her hands up and starts to fumble around at his clothing hoping to find a way to release his cock so she can please him orally. Quickly realising her intention, he growls at her, pushing her hands away then slaps her face once, hard, with his gloved hand. "Did I tell you to move? Did I tell you to do anything at all? Who do you think you are, touching my uniform? Stay there. Do not move." Kylo moves behind Charlotte, not allowing her to see him. "You want me in your mouth?" he says with a hint of anger. He forces her mouth open, folds two of his fingers inward and shoves them in her mouth, stretching her mouth, he wedges in a third folded finger. Her jaw is now pried open to its maximum potential without breaking, she starts to drool very quickly... whimpering, she answers a garbled,"Yes Master Ren." He consciously maintains a calm monotone."I saved your life tonight, traitor. You will show me how grateful you are, you will earn your freedom and you will pay for your lies"..."Charlotte...Traitor... Princess." Leaving his fingers in place, he crouches down, lifts her quickly and places her in a sitting position on the edge of the table. "You will learn tonight, to value yourself, value intimacy... you will learn to enjoy suffering for someone you respect."..."You will suffer. That suffering belongs to me. It is owed to me..." ...This is a valuable skill, Charlotte. You will do well for yourself to appreciate learning it from me, in one night, instead of wasting a lifetime struggling to figure it out on your own through mundane experience." " Charlotte, Princess... acknowledge me verbally. Look at me and tell me who I am ." He needed to make it very clear that she should not betray him, even in her mind. It was her choice, however unappealing the options may seem. "Master Ren. You are Master Kylo Ren of the Knights of Ren."...Charlotte says this affirmatively, almost matter-of-fact... a coached child. "Spread your knees apart, put your feet on the table, offer yourself to me, Princess ." He guides her body somewhat, with his gloved hands and the deceptive strength of his sinewy arms. He does this quickly and efficiently, and he is not unnecessarily rough... not, caring ... careful. She was too afraid to do anything but what was asked of her. She obeyed quickly, losing herself to his physical guidance easily, bringing her feet up to the edge of the table with her knees pointing upwards, leaving her sex splayed open and nearly hanging off the edge, exposing her entrance to the cold air. She leaned back a little and supported her weight on her hands behind her, flat upon the tables' surface. An ache in her jaw began its familiar journey from dull to excruciating to numb... She knew somehow that he did not intend to remove his cruel hand from her mouth anytime soon. "Don't move." His verbal order was unnecessary though, as she was not about to move again without instruction if she could help it. "It is your mouths that got you in trouble to begin with and it is your mouths that continue to get you into trouble with me." Her sex betrays her to him. She is slick with anticipation and desire to show Him her devotion. He works three of his fingers into her open cunt. She now had both of his hands partially inside her at both ends and felt like a spit-roasted animal. Tears streamed down her face as he worked the fingers around in her sex, roughly. It started to feel like her skin was being rubbed off. She used all of her efforts to remain still for Him as commanded. He moved the leather covered fingers inside her face in much the same way, pushing at her in odd angles, roughly mistreating the inside of her mouth. Kylo knew she would not be able to endure this treatment and maintain her current position on her own for much longer... He supports her position, solidifying her body in place. With minimal effort, he finely tunes his manipulation of the force to allow her short range control over her hips, face and neck only. "Worship my left hand with your face." he says with a stern calm, through the mechanical filter. She begins by moving her head at the neck to work his fingers out of her throat so as to have a bit more control. Charlotte concentrates fully on his gloved hand in her mouth, taking note of the rough texture, palm side of the glove... She moves her head around, takes in the group of fingers expertly into her throat again, performing eager oral sex on his impossibly large hand. She continues sucking and jamming the fingers somewhat painfully into her throat. Subtle choking sounds and the saliva spilling out of her mouth were clear signs of her devotion to the task at the expense of her own pride. With the same calm tone of his previous order, he commands, "Worship my right hand with your cunt." . She pauses movement with her mouth and neck only briefly, while turning her concentration to her core, to show her loyalty to Him. She begins moving her hips around in small circles, trying to cover every surface of his hand with the inside of her body. She is reminded of his left hand in her face when He moves it slightly against the roof of her mouth. She tries desperately to worship both hands with both of her orifices at once. Her coordination fails her and her clumsy attempt results in only an intermittent focus on each hand individually. She does well with this, making sure not to use what little freedom of movement he did give her to remove him from her entrances.** He is delighted with her increasingly eager efforts. He closes his eyes under his mask and pushes himself into her mind. His mechanical breathing is noticeably deep, louder than usual, long, deep, hypnotic breaths... She concentrates on her movements, letting the sound of his breathing guide her rhythm. He places the curved knuckle of his thumb hard against her clitoris, and she wastes no time worshipping that part of him eagerly as well. Feeling him inside her mind, she embraces the knowledge that he can feel her pleasure and her desire to please him over all else in this moment. He decides to test her adoration. Kylo removes his right hand, leaving her dripping entrance empty and instantly freezing the thick moisture left behind to fend for itself in the cold air. He groups four fingers together tightly and roughly begins working them into her now gaping, eager entrance. He continues this rough treatment with brutal pacing until he is able to rest his thumb back into its previous, effective position. Charlotte squeals behind the treatment of his left hand and reminds herself not to back away. She continues performing orally on the leather covered fingers... She begins showing His right hand her complete devotion again with her fully stretched sex. She covers as much the exposed leather with her slick folds as she can. Her master is moving with her now, and not the other way around. He allows her to see and feel that He is more than pleased, opening a thin bridge into his own mind, pulling her through it temporarily. Kylo had never allowed anyone to hear him so unreserved before. He was getting dangerously close to letting her see him in a vulnerable state. She learned his lesson very quickly. She would leave here fulfilled and unscarred. He needed to end this...Now. She should have had no idea how precious the sounds of His vulnerable breathing were... no reason to understand how rare it was for anyone to experience this part of Him... no tangible reason. What he showed her, it was real... It was hers. It gave her the strength to fight off her building climax. She feels herself pulled away from his mind and knows he is still within hers somehow. She continues to fight the inevitable orgasm for Him. Her resolve to deny herself the needed satisfaction weakens with each passing breath. She begs him in her mind to allow her to finish for Him. " Please Master Ren, I do not want to displease you, I do not know how much longer I can deny it. Please don't let me fail you. Let me come for you, let me give this to you." The sounds through her gagged lips match her genuine pleading... she can only hope he hears what is in her heart. "You may release for me now, Charlotte." he says...his mask nearly touching her ear. Kylo removes his hand from her mouth and cradles her jaw. He is more than aware of the pain this causes her. He steadies her jaw and carefully pushes upward to help relieve the sensation slowly. Her orgasm begins taking over just as he finishes this extra, chivalrous task with her chin. She looks directly into the eyes behind His mask... "Thank you Maaa---ster------Rrrrrrrreeeennnnnnnnnnnnn..." The sounds coming from her were genuine and not a product of the desire to please, they were uncontrolled, honest, feral. She feels her body tense around His already well gripped hand, over and over she involuntarily contracts and releases in pulsating waves of pleasure, all for Him. He can feel her release, this is incredible, there is nothing else like this, nothing else will ever be so perfect. The sensations fold in on both of Them... slowly relenting... easing them back to their bodies. Kylo removes his hand from her body and steadies her. He lifts her slightly, pushes her farther back on the surface and lays her down on the sturdy table. She allows his complete manipulation of her body gracefully and with full cooperation. The energy she gave to him, that he drew in... was more than what she could afford. She fell asleep almost instantly. He orders a droid to cover her and take her, with her belongings, discreetly to Dr. Helena Arix's clinic. Another droid is tasked with returning the rooms to their untouched, standard state. He leaves behind the last cleaning droid, making sure the lights are off and that the door is secured. On his way to his quarters, he rehashes the startling evening to himself... I could have done so much more with those fears...with that mind...that body...What I have wanted, so close to perfect...I should have indulged... Kylo stops second guessing himself and firmly chooses an inward side. Tonight had been dangerous... he was too close to the worst thing he could ever feel... too close to the very thing that led to the fall of the great Empire... too close to... sentiment . Could it be that this was the very thing he had been searching for all along? Was the Universe so arrogant as to place such a cruelty on him?... Would it show him that what he needs to be carnally fulfilled is the same thing that will ultimately destroy him? The internal conflict that tortured him grew in power tonight. He would fix this, next time, he would make this right. Nothing would stop him from proving to himself that he did not need or want this filthy thing... this, 'sentiment' . *** Dr. Arix was not expecting to see Miss Charlotte back in her clinic so soon, nor so early in the evening. It was convenient that she had decided to wake up early and go for some exercise. She would not have gotten the message to come in around 5am in time otherwise. This all felt so rushed. She made a mental note to casually speak with Lady Oran to clarify a few things. Under the sheet, Charlotte was naked as expected. Something was different this time. She had very minimal abrasive trauma, no lacerations or large bruises. Her vulva was only slightly bruised and not the expected shade of purple-black. Charlotte had been an effective, cooperative servant of the First Order. Charlotte would require no major treatment. Her young body would recover in a few days, on its own. Dr. Arix cleaned the young girl as directed, applying only a minimal amount of bacta to ward off any possibility of infection, however slight the risk may be. She did not want to take the chance of being blamed for injury sustained due to her lack of treatment. That would not make Master Ren happy at all. Checking her appointment logs Dr. Arix reminds herself that she will be seeing several potential candidates for Master Ren today. Captain Phasma herself also had a scheduled private appointment. This would be a full day indeed. Notes: **Anyone else remember trying to rub your tummy while patting your head? I imagine this 'activity' would be similar in awkwardness, and then some. If you have never done this (i don't believe you) then try it now.** ~ for AJP ~ Notes: Thank you in advance to anyone that leaves a comment with words, pics or gifs, be it negative or positive.