The room Kylo is bound in is so quiet he can hear everything in it, every detail in the way his breath leaves his lips, every muscle that works within him as he swallows. He's not sure for how long he's been there, as he's been stumbling back and forth over the line of sleep for a while. He's not exactly tired, but the dizzyingly high temperature has him frustrated and exhausted and unable to peacefully find rest, even when he's so close to it. The room isn't well-lit, which is quite a nice thing Kylo thinks. Even though there's only the soft, dimmed light of a lamp built into the ceiling, he sees avery detail of the room well enough. He's not sure that he would have been able to if it wasn't for his current condition, with his sensed heightened. But he's sensitive like this, in every way. Every detail appears more vivid to his eyes, every flavour stronger against his tongue. Even the flow of the Force feels clearer to him, the power rolling in waves around him, as if he was floating in an ocean of it. But even so he can't collect himself enough to use it. He realises-as the swish of the doors inform him that someone has entered the room- that he won't be sleeping anytime soon after all. The sound of a pair of confident boots followed by slightly more hesitant ones has him craning his neck from the lying position on the bed. He recognises the pair instantly, even before the overwhelming fragrance hits his nostrils. The treacherous ex-stormtrooper is standing behind the pilot. Neither looks completely comfortable, but the dark skinned man looks far more nervous as he meets Kylo's gaze. The Knight of Ren lets his head fall to the pillow beneath him. "Here to take your revenge?" he asks surprisingly apathetically. Finn feels more disturbed at this than he would have if the question had been growled with the usual anger. The pilot however seems to be anything but discouraged as he leans forward smirking. His elbow falls onto the mattress Kylo is plastered to, and he places his head in the palm of his hand. "No" he says moving close to the slightly younger man. He's well aware of the affect his scent has on the omega it seems, as he lets his breath bounce from the hand supporting his head. Kylo bites down at the soft pink flesh at the inside of his cheek. The air sends his sense of smell into overload, and he tries to time his inhalations to save himself from the scent as far as possible. Poe scoffs as he notices the intention and drags a hand over the place where Kylo's wrists are tied to the bed frame, knowing that the touch will have the same affect on the omega as the smell. "We're just here to help you" he announces, his fingers tickling the sensitive skin of Kylo's forearm as he lowers them. The knight swears that he can feel every tiny little rise and fall on the tips of the alpha's fingers, every detail of his fingerprint, as they press to his skin. "Is that so?" asks Kylo doubtfully, with much effort. His gaze flickers from the pilot to the second alpha "Are you here to help me, FN-2187?" he asks, just to see if he can intimidate the younger alpha. "It's Finn" he says, stepping up to the challenge in Kylo's tone. The dark eyes trace the length of the omega's legs and over the curve of his back before meeting his eyes "And, yes, I'm here to help too" he finishes with a satisfied grin. The force sensitive man is taken aback for a second by the sudden confidence. Apparently the new apellation has had a positive effect on the man's sense of self. A fleeting thought, about whether this help might actually be something he's interested in, has to be chased from Kylo's mind, and the omega ends the eye contact to stare at the pilot again. He hadn't quite noticed-as he'd been a bit caught up with the second alpha- that the tan hand had travelled from his arms down to his shoulder blades, until he felt Poe's hands rub uneven ellipses against the bare skin. The muscles between Poe's hand and Kylo's backbone instinctively relax at the touch. "I'm not interested in your help" Kylo forces out eventually. And the alphas share an amused glance. "Oh but I think you are, Ben" Poe says. He allows his hand to reach up and twist into the dark curls attached to the man's head. He softly tugs the hair up and to the side until the omega's neck is a long line of freckled pale skin before him. Poe is reminded of a reversed picture of space and he moves his face closer. He can easily smell the area where Kylo's scent is the strongest, where a sensitive bundle of nerves and tissue is hidden. His mouth hangs open slightly, dampening the spot with every exhalation, only to let the omega know just what he can do from the position they're in. The throat shifts as Kylo swallows. "Didn't you say you were being torn apart? We could help you" Poe says before his mouth actually touches the responsive area. Lips parted and pressing down as he sucks at the neck. Kylo positively whimpers at the feeling of an alpha's mouth on him, on the place that could oh so easily be broken with a set of teeth, and bond him to the owner completely. He grinds his cock, which has probably been hard since before the alphas even came into the room, against the bed, and he feels the back of his pants cool as the slick from his ass seeps through them and connects to the air of the room. Swearing under his breath tries to regain some self control. "Could bond you. Keep you as an obedient little omega so that you don't have to worry about the war inside your head" Poe's words are soft and comforting even if Kylo has decidedly mixed feelings about the meaning of them. He knows that the bond to an alpha would leave him submissive, very easily affected by the alpha's every command. He thinks about the power that the pilot was talking about claiming. About the control he could just take. And it frightens him how fascinating the idea seems when it's presented to him in this way, and his attempt at self control fails miserably. "But you've been such an uncontrollable little thing so far, that I wouldn't trust you with just one of us keeping you in line" Poe continues to explain as he presses his lips over every inch of the omega's neck, huffing a laugh at the sentence. As if the fact that he'd been 'uncontrolled' had just been some silly little adventure on the omega's part, and not something that had helped fuel the growth of the biggest threat to the galaxy. Kylo means to scoff at the carefree tone of the alpha, but with the touch and the scent washing over him it transforms into a groan. His mind seems to be further and further from his reach as it's filled with unwelcome images of what his life could be with the alphas. It's such a twisted idea, so different from how he's lived his life so far. But on the other hand, his life hasn't exactly been a good example up to the present. Maybe the Resistance members would just be a positive influence. If they'd just tell him to leave the dark side and his instincts would press him to obey. They could take care of him, make sure he doesn't mess up, help him through heat. He shivers as the thought of all the things they could have him do. When the pilot finally decides to move closer, Kylo is already moving his hips back and forth against the mattress. He's still wearing pants so there's an awkward bunch if fabric disturbing the slide if his cock against the firmness of the mattress, but the omega is way to far gone to be bothered and continues the rutting until there's a strong hand at his hip, stilling the movement. There's an annoyed whine in the back of the pale man's throat but Poe ignores it and settles against Kylo's back, one knee between the omega's thighs and the other on the side of his hip. He allows his body to dip down, and for the knight to feel him against his back. He thrusts forward against the still clothed behind of the omega, and lets one hand tug at the zipper of the knight's pants, while the other supports him from letting his full weight press down on the younger. As his cock finally slips free Kylo is grateful that Poe has the sensibility to jerk at it right away. He moans into the area between his elbows as he fucks into the hand with rapid movements. The pilot shifts his weight onto his knees and Kylo's slightly disappointed at the loss of contact for a second. But then Poe is pulling his pants down the cheeks of his ass and the disappointment is replaced with expectation. He forgets for a moment about the hand wrapped around his dick and parts his knees slightly further, allowing the alpha better access. The pilot rewards him with a kiss at the small of his back and begins to press a finger inside the drenched hole. The first two fingers Poe works into him fit easily, the stimulation sending Kylo over the edge for the first time of the evening. And, while Kylo's recovering from the relieving orgasm, Poe slips another finger through the rim of muscles without much resistance. He's spread further than he thinks necessary and just when he's about to open his mouth to voice the opinion, the fingers leave his body almost a bit too swiftly. Poe leans over him again, and the air trapped between them is pressed forward into Kylo's breathing space, and it has him moaning at the alpha's scent. Poe doesn't bother to undress himself and just jerks down the zipper of his own pant's to free the hard length inside of them. He shuffles his face against Kylo's neck until his mouth touches the skin without the long hair falling between, and then lines himself up against the omega's entrance. The alpha moves forward in a slow controlled movement, and Kylo presses himself back when he grows tired of the slow pace. Poe growls against his neck and quickens the movement slightly. He's still all too slow until he finds the right spot, but by then Kylo's isn't bothered much by it. The alpha's hand finds its way into the knight's dark hair again as he mercilessly jabs at the omega's prostate, and he guides the man's gaze to the other alpha, who has taken a seat in a chair a few feet from the bed. Poe's pants are warm against his neck even if it feels like he's burning up already. "See that, Ben?" the pilot asks as he drives into the younger man harder "Do you think he enjoys seeing you like this?" he continues. The roll of his hips is firm and Kylo is letting out pleased breaths with every thrust. He's not sure how Poe has the self control to stop, but he does when he's pulled out far enough for only the head of his cock to remain inside the younger. "Do you think he likes to watch you come apart for me? Moaning and desperate for me to knot you" Poe asks, pointedly refraining from sliding into the tight heat until Kylo's answered. The other alpha simply watches, intrigued as Kylo looks almost close to frustrated tears. His tongue peeks out between his own thick lips to wet them as he sees the almost pleading look on the knight's face, as if he hopes that Finn will help him get Poe to fuck him again. "Do you?" Poe asks, in a whisper, so close to his ear as he can without touching it. Kylo nods then, with sharp jerks of his head, his cheek sliding against the pillow below him as he moves. And with a fast push Poe is seated fully inside of him again, driving in and out, pressing the nerves that ache to be stimulated, over and over, until Kylo cries out. The older man feels him clamp down around his cock as the younger comes underneath him again, and he recognises the swell at the base of it as he comes closer to his own release. He presses himself further inside slowly, the knot breaching the insides of the omega and his teeth digging into the younger's neck. Kylo shudders as his oversensitive body is made to accommodate the alpha's knot and the forming bond between them. Even in the dazed state he's in, he feels the wetness of the alpha's cum filling him up, dripping slightly out of him even with the tight knot. Poe's fingers are almost bruising with the grip one of his hands has on Kylo's waist and the other is pressing his chest tightly to the alpha who is now letting his entire mass fall on the omega. The heaviness isn't exactly overbearing as Kylo lays pressed between the bed and the alpha, but he feels a bit easier as he is pulled along to lay at his side with the alpha close behind him. They face the second alpha again, who watches them with undisguised interest. The mouth of the pilot meets the fresh bite at Kylo's neck, teasingly lapping at the broken skin. It's some strange form of aftercare that Kylo doesn't have to understand to revel in. When the youngest alpha suddenly rises from his seat, a few minutes later, Kylo startles from the lull he's fallen into. He watches him sit down on the small space left on the bed and feels the new set of hands move on him. The skin of Finn's hand contrast Kylo's own in the same way the knight's birthmarks do, harshly but somewhat pleasing to the eye. His palms are warm, but soft and dry, as one finds it's way to the omega's cheek and the other stops for a moment on a pale elbow. For a while he simply draws a lazy pattern with his thumb on crook of Kylo's arm, but then the touch moves lower, rounding the shoulder of the pale man and skimming along the ribs until he reaches a pink nipple. The peaked bud is dragged between the alphas fingers curiously, as if he only just then noticed the body part, and Kylo's mouth clamps down to stop a whimper from escaping. The dark eyes meet his as the alpha notices the reaction, but the gaze travels down again as he reaches for another nipple. "Lovely" is the response breathed out as the dark skinned man explores the omega's body. The pilot hums in agreement and wraps a hand around Kylo's cock again. It's slick with his last spend and the grip slides effortlessly around the shaft and up to the tip before lowering again to repeat the action. It's hard for the knight to tell if he's truly ready for another go, but he accepts the touch either way as he feels himself fill out in Poe's hand. The almost too demanding tightness that tied him to the pilot has worn down and with an experimental pull of the alpha's hips they are freed from the knot. Before rising from the bed, Poe presses another trail of kisses along the younger man's jaw and neck, lingering for a bit longer where he's left his mark. His feet are a tad unsteady as he pushes himself into his pants again and makes his way to the bathroom to get some water. The distressed call of the omega might have made him return if it hadn't been for the trust he had in the other alpha. He fills a glass of water and drinks it all before filling it up again and bringing it with him back to the bed. When he's returned he sees Kylo flat on his back with Finn between the spread legs. The former stormtrooper seems to find some satisfaction in pressing his fingers into the mess of fluids dripping from Kylo's ass, and the knight doesn't protest as the broad fingers delve deeper into him. Poe takes a sip from the glass and lets himself stand and watch the scene playing out. Finn's shirt is thrown aside and he supports himself over Kylo, a strangely intimate position as pale legs wrap around the strong waist. The pilot muses as he watches Finn's lips catch the knight's, about if it's the first time Finn's been with an omega, or anyone at all for that matter. The First Order isn't exactly known to be a place to make friends, so odds are that it is. Though he's not sure how the alpha controls himself when Kylo smells the way he does, ripe and ready, with the sweet heady tones of the omega lubricant that's just dripping from him at this point. He especially finds the self control impressive if it truly is Finn's first experience. He watches with awe as the muscles tense beneath dark skin as Finn rises and pulls the omega with him until he's seated with Kylo in his lap. Poe didn't notice when, but at some point Finn must have untied the omega's wrists. It's true that Kylo is leaner than both of the alphas, his body naturally less bulky than theirs', but even so he must weigh quite an impressive amount for someone to be able to lift him with such ease, and the pilot realises that the First Order's training must be more rigorous than he had thought. When Kylo's found a satisfying seat in the alpha's lap he grinds his hips forward. The younger man's length slips between the pale cheeks of the omega's ass and Poe watches with wide eyes as Kylo slides back and forth over the long cock; he sees the pale skin slide over Finn's thick length as the knight works himself along the line of it. The skin is soon wet and taut over the length, and the slight stimulation of the globes pressing down on it isn't nearly enough to satisfy the man. Poe moves forward, placing the glass on the floor by the bed's leg. Finn might have been able to watch and wait but the pilot is quick to press his palm against the bulge in his pants as he watches the scene in front of him. "Don't tease, Ben" he says as he seats himself where Finn had watched them earlier. "Why don't you show him how nice you feel wrapped around him?" Poe asks, and the agreeing growl Finn releases let's him know that the encouragement is welcome. Kylo's cheek is pressed to the short black hair on top of the alpha's head when he hears the pilot's question. His pupils are blown wide and his cheeks flushed pink as he drinks in the sight of Poe's hand rubbing himself of slowly, the pilot's gaze shamelessly fixed on Kylo and Finn. The omega forces his hips away from the alpha's and gropes blindly for the cock beneath him until he has the head of it in his palm. As he lines the man up at his own entrance he catches the thick pair of lips with his own again. It's different than it was with Poe, he thinks as he allows the alpha to control the kiss. With the first round having taken the edge of the situation he's able to do things in less of a rush. He still craves the pressure of the alpha's knot stretching him out, but he has more patience this time around, and he lets himself enjoy the simplicity of the kiss before sliding down onto the man's cock. Kylo is all tight, wet heat around Finn's dick and the former stormtrooper feels his composure quickly escaping him as the omega's large hands grip his thighs for support and he pushes himself up and down the length of the alpha's cock. Their lips are still pressed into a sloppy kiss and Finn lets his own hands cup the pale cheeks of Kylo's ass, assisting with every rise and fall of the knight. It's slow and sweet at first, with the urgent lust and feverish need lying pressed just below the surface. Finn allows Kylo to set an easy pace, and his hand falls to wrap around the omega's erection. When Kylo breaks the seal of their lips, Finn continues by pressing kisses against the pale throat. He finds Poe's mark, purple and red against the white of the skin, and sucks on it. The omega was clearly not expecting that and lets out a shaky gasp as his hips jerk forward without his consent. Finn grins against the skin, feeling amused by the reaction and slightly intrigued by the bond-bite's qualities. He knows the marks are sensitive spots on an omega. He's heard that given enough time and stimulation, they can reach climax simply by touching the area. But he's always written that of as a rumour. As he carries on with the pressure on the mark however, he considers that there might be some truth behind it. Poe's strong scent lingers at the bite even after Finn has pressed countless kisses onto it he notices, Kylo's own scent covering it slightly but not enough to hide it's presence. He thinks of the bond between the two, how their scents are going to mingle further and further to one another's until they're a satisfying blend, and Finn wants it too. He wants the scent of them on his own skin, wants to smell himself on their bodies. He presses the omega's hips down and leans away from the neck to get a better view of the other man. Kylo came, Finn realises as he sees the white stripes of liquid rolling down the pale torso. The knight is quivering as he continues to jerk his hips up and down, insistent on pleasing the alpha even in the oversensitive condition he's in. His face is flushed and exhausted but he carries on with the movement. Finn manages to let him do this for about one second until he's lunging forward, tumbling Kylo onto his back and himself over the omega. The pace turns quicker in this position, with Finn thrusting forward in sharp movements. The omega's legs hug his waist again and he feels the base of his cock filling out, the knot meant to tie them preparing. His mouth finds Kylo's neck again, the other side of it this time, and he's pressing kisses and hickeys to the flesh without hesitance. When he finds the area that reeks of pheromones and Kylo's scent, he's biting down before he knows quite what he's doing. Kylo's arching into the touch and the heels of his feet press at the small of Finn's back to urge the knot inside himself. Finn groans loudly against the broken flesh at the knight's neck as the knot expands, stretching Kylo around him, and he feels the omega tighten up slightly at the sound. Poe's moaning along with Finn as he jerks through his own orgasm from the chair he's still seated in. He leaves thick drops of his own cum and the shirt he's still wearing as his hands press down on the knot on his cock, and it takes him a few minutes to calm down enough to move after that. The pilot strips the clothes that are still on him and forces himself to move to the bed. It's a bit awkward with the position Kylo and Finn are tied up in, and since the bed isn't very broad they're pressed tightly to one another. But they get quite comfortable after a while. Poe's a comforting presence, warm against the omega's back, and Finn manages to get quite relaxed with Kylo's legs curled around him and an arm reaching over the pale man's waist to Poe's ribs. Once the heavy panting has settled into a steady intake of even breaths, Poe leans up to whisper into Kylo's ear. He has one hand absentmindedly skimming over one of the bond bites, he's not even sure which one it is at this point, but it relaxes Kylo so he continues the caress. Finn is already half asleep with Kylo's hand pillowing his cheek. "Stay with us from now on, Ben" he eventually orders before pressing a kiss to the omega's back. And Ben can't find a single reason to disobey the command as he drifts into much needed sleep.