In those days, Paris was where all the art was being born, created, sprung from the minds of geniuses like Athena—raw and fully formed. In those days, with only desolation left, only pieces left that cut and scarred when collected, to the City of Lights they came, drawn in like moths and trapped like flies. Their passions sprung from death, their inspiration from morbidity. In those days, the artists painted too wildly, writers scribbled too aggressively, the musicians played too loudly; they drank more than they needed and they fought more than they wanted. Brightest in the constellation of artistic stars that descended on the city, brightest amongst all the couples who graced the streets and galleries and bookshops with their works’ presence, was Ben Solo and his pretty wife, Rey. They were like the Hemingways, only threw better parties. They were like the Fitzgeralds, only more often sober. They were like Gertrude Stein and Alice Toklas, only danced better when they were drunk. They were the couple invited to every dinner party, the most eagerly anticipated arrivals at the café, the guests of honor at gallery openings. In public, they were bright and beautiful—the last shining example of a stable marriage in a society where structure was elsewise shattered—but, in private, they were just as young and broken and lost as the rest. Perhaps more so. And they fought. But when they fought, there was no greater passion and art in all of Paris. # It always began with the art. Unlike most women in those days, Rey Solo—nee Kenobi—had not married her husband for his talent; for reading his cold, blunt prose and falling in love with the truth and beauty in his written words and in his words unwritten. Certainly, she read the arctic prose of Ben Solo and saw in him a kindred soul—another broken, lost child thrown onto the fields of the Somme when they were much too young, much too impressionable—and loved him for it. But she did not love him because of it. It was Ben Solo who was drawn to Rey, married her for her talent. Her sculpting, her naturally fluent language with chisel, mallet, and stone, was a beautiful harmony he could not shake from his mind. The music of Rey’s artistic process, as she slowly chipped angels and demons and goddesses and titans from slabs of marble, was synced with the clack of his typewriter. Seeing her in the years before Paris and after the War, working in the studios for students who had returned from France with hollowness in their eyes, Ben Solo knew he had to relight the light in her. Secretly, he hoped she might relight him, too. Their art brought them together—the sculptor and the writer—and it was the art that would keep their fiery, destructive passion alive. But the fights always started with that—or at least in the process of its creation—and often sprang from seemingly nothing, seemingly nowhere. Ben was posing for Rey, as he always did. She had something of a break through with using him as her model; his oblong, unique features intrigued connoisseurs of modern, fashionable art. After Rey’s last sculpture—a bust of her husband stylized as a young Patroclus—there had been commissions for more works and Rey rushed to comply. Though she was an artist, a creature of fearsome pride, she also had to eat. “Stay still,” she chastised, chisel held between her lips and muffling her voice. Her brows were furrowed, a wrinkle of frustration all that separated them. Ben Solo, draped over a chaise and swathed in a tattered French infantry uniform—it had been nearly impossible to find one to fit his frame and Ben refused to dig out his American issued doughboy uniform, not wanting to dig out all the memories that went with it—smirked at his wife. “Are you trying to capture my natural plight?” he prodded, teasingly, referencing the rave reviews of Rey’s work, declaring the statue a 'captivating young specimen of the human plight.' Ben thought it far more amusing and ridiculous than Rey. Shooting a glare at him as she brushed aside a stray tendril of hair—she left a thin film of stone dust behind, paling her forehead—she removed the chisel and replied, “You’ll soon be in a plight if you don’t stay still.” Ben didn’t reply immediately, far too interested in studying the fire in Rey’s eyes. It wasn’t often he saw it; mostly he saw happiness reflected back at him. In the rare quiet moments of the early morning, when Rey thought he wasn’t yet awake, a deep sadness—sadness weighing down almost everyone’s shoulders these days—settled over her. He preferred the fire he saw now, even while it was mostly directed at him. Watching her keenly, he ruminated on the spattering of freckles across her nose, the divots in her pink lips, the healthy tan of her skin. He ruminated on how he would describe her in a novel as his heroine. Although, she was in every heroine he wrote; just as Rey had been a British Army nurse, so was his heroine. Just as Rey was slim, athletic, her boyishness tinted with an intoxicatingly alluring femininity, so was his heroine. Just as Rey’s nose scrunched when she laughed, her fingers twined when she was nervous, she pulled at her lower lip when she thought, so did his heroine. His protagonists were helpless in the face of her gravitational pull, drawn to love their own version of Rey just as Ben was drawn to his. Ben was of the theory no man could resist Rey’s magnetism. He frowned, reminded. “I saw you talking with that new impressionist painter at Stein’s last night,” Ben began. After a moment, watching her expression remain focused, he continued, “He seemed to be very familiar with you; you don’t know him, do you?” Still no response. In a tone of great casualness, he asked, “What’s his name?” “Poe Dameron and he’s a surrealist, not an impressionist,” Rey replied, stepping back from her marble slab, peering at it critically before her gaze cut from Ben to the marble and then back again. “Huh, didn’t know there was a difference,” Ben remarked, not helping his childishness. Now, when Rey’s eyes shifted away from the marble, they stayed fixed on Ben. Her eyes surveyed his face, absorbing and considering every inch of skin. For a moment, he thought her lost to her work—studying his facial structure as her muse—but then she drew in a rattling breath, brows quirked, and observed, “You’ve critiqued surrealist stories before, I’m surprised you wouldn’t know the difference.” Her tone was dry, plain that she wasn’t inclined towards his pettiness. Ben shrugged noncommittally, returning his attention to posing, angling his long limbs into an attitude that he thought was rather an echo of the ‘human plight.’ Rey sighed. “Don’t do that, you look fake,” she snapped, mallet and chiseled poised above the stone, waiting to strike but not until Ben readjusted him. Not helping his scowl, he still forced himself to relax. The delicate pinging of her work resumed only to pause again. “What’s the matter?” The question was unexpected—usually his wife wasn’t observant of anything beyond the physical, never attuned to his moods while she worked. Perhaps, it was the surprise that bubbled Ben’s simmering resentment, truly not a bother until that very moment, and fire sprung from his lips. “It’s just that you were getting very friendly with that surrealist.” Setting aside her chisel and mallet, Rey crossed her arms. “You’ve said that,” she commented. “Yes, well, friendly and close ,” Ben amended, now sitting up from his reclined posture. Perhaps it was jealousy over seeing his wife laughing with another—very handsome—man. But, if he was being truthful, it was more perhaps that she had found success while his artistic flame guttered out, leaving him in the cold, shadowy canyon of writer’s block. Then again, he wasn't known to be truthful with himself. “You were enjoying yourself.” “Because Mister Dameron was very charismatic,” Rey replied, still not rising to his baiting. He didn’t know if he wanted her to, didn’t know why he spoke the words he did. She had been happily working, he had been happily modeling, but it seemed he was incapable of sustaining happiness by virtue of being himself. Before—before the draft and the War and all the death—he didn’t always instigate or seek our destruction. But now, he crushed all he had in his palms before it could crush him. “‘Charismatic,’ huh?” Ben repeated. “I sure bet he was; what was he saying that was so charismatic? ” Untying her apron, slapping it down on her worktable, Rey shot back, “I’ll be in the kitchen when you decide to stop acting like a child. Let me know when we can continue.” Surging to his feet, following her doggedly from the living room-turned-studio and into the tiny, galley kitchen, Ben reiterated, “What did he say?” “He was joking about the new Dali piece,” she replied, her back to him as she pulled out a loaf of bread from the breadbox, busying herself in slathering it with butter and strawberry jelly. “Truly?” Ben replied, moving to pin her between his tall, solid frame and the counter, leaning down to whisper in her ear. “Is that why he was getting so close to your ear? To make a joke?” Turning suddenly, she pushed him back a few steps—only a breath and a slice of bread separating them—and demanded, “What do you want me to say? What am I supposed to confess that will please you?” “If you love him, you can tell me, Rey,” he erupted. “It wouldn’t be a surprise if you left me for him. I’ve got eyes, I can see how he looks and how you look at him.” “What?” Rey demanded, flabbergasted and throwing down her bread heedlessly. “What are you going on about? What are you saying?” “I’m saying you can tell me, Rey,” he repeated. A flush, creeping up her neck and fanning across her cheeks, colored her a bright, fierce red. Now, it was a different fire that alit her eyes and she was yelling. Though neither realized it, they had been yelling for quite some time. They were too full of passion, too full of love—no matter how destructive it could be—for each other to be quiet, to be anything but loud. “I’m not leaving you!” Rey insisted. “Though you’re being ridiculous right now and I might just consider it!” She shoved past him, storming back through the living room-turned-studio and continuing on into the bedroom, yanking her smock over her head as she went. Ben persistently followed. “The truth comes out,” he crowed, triumphant. Turning smartly on her heel, rounding on him with her smock in her hands and torso covered in her thin, wholly chemise, Rey returned, “Ben, if this is your way of trying to tell me you’re cheating on me or—” “ Me ?” he spluttered but then his eyes were on her bare shoulders, the stringy straps of her chemise hanging loosely off her frame and only covering her enough to not be considered erotic. Where he went to grip her shoulders, to shake the truth from her, instead he found himself grasping desperately to her. His hands was reverent, the smoothness of her skin twining into an intoxicating concoction of coolness and fiery passion. Then he was kissing her, mouth crushing against hers desperately as his hands tugged off the straps of the chemise, and explored the smooth expanse of her back. # When Rey’s art dealer and the gallery owner arrived at the dingy apartment building, lurking in the doorway of the Solos’ rooms and staring into the living room-turned-studio, they had expected a raw, emotional statue of a youthful man forced into mature wisdom by shattering war. It was the concept Rey pitched to them, the concept they pitched to the buyers, the concept that was snapped up at an impressive four thousand francs. Yet, what they found when Missus Solo ushered them inside, offering them tea and delicate pastries before drawing away the drop sheet shrouding her work, was something else entirely. The men—both appearing stuffy and puffed up in their too-tightly tailored tweed suits—stared, mouth agape, at the two twisting figures before him. The figures were paused in the act of writhing passion, appearing ethereal and divine in physique but primeval and animalistic in their action. Rey captured them together—the sculptor and the writer; Adam and Eve, thrown from grace after their own twentieth century fall—and it was the art that would forever showcase their fiery, destructive passion. Their fights always started with that passion and masterworks often sprang from seemingly nothing, seemingly nowhere.