Alphabet Boy The second best day of Finn's life was when he received a letter informing him that he could attend Ridgeveiw high with his best friend Rey. The first was the day he met Poe Dameron. Fist day at a new school, new students, new teachers, new potential headaches and heartache. New potential crying silently over boys falling for Rey instead of him. Finn's heart rate sped up, he was used to anxiety- he'd even go as far to say he was comfortable in it, but this was different. This was high school. Finn learned quickly that high schools didn't take nicely to new kids. Especially not new kids like himself. "Finn get down here!" Rey shouted, obviously from downstairs. She was probably already eating breakfast. Finn stood up and smoothed his shirt down. He was wearing a simple black v-neck and form fitting jeans. He didn't look particularly good, but he by no means looked bad. He guessed that's what he was going for, something to easily slip into crowds and go unnoticed. He grabbed his bag and headed down the stairs. "You seem excited" Finn snorted, spotting Rey at the kitchen table, bouncing her leg and picking apart a muffin. this was pretty typical of Rey, nothing ever got to her. Once in 5th grade a boy had teased her about her wearing ‘boy clothes’ and she’d promptly kicked him in the shins. "I am! First day, well, kind of. It's gonna be great" she grinned. Finn smiled weakly. They were staring junior year halfway through the first semester at Ridgeview High. Finn knew nothing about the place other than the website. It seemed like a pretty good school, they had a good standard testing scores and a decent football team. "I guess" Finn chewed on the inside of his lip and bent down to start putting on his shoes- black high top converse, a gift from his adoptive aunt Leia. "You're not worried?" Rey put down the muffin and stared at her plate. "Of course I'm worried, but Finn you have to remember that worrying about something won't make it any better or easier." She seemed satisfied with her answer and took a large bite of her muffin. "Plus," she said before swallowing, "we might meet some pretty cool people." Finn visibly relaxed and sat up, his shoes laced. "You're right," He chuckled, "per usual." Finn added and went to see if Luke was already in the car. Finn and Rey had been passed between foster homes since before they could remember, always a stupid reason like financial stability and 'behavior issues' despite the fact that the pair of teenagers were incredibly respectful and never asked for much. That was until they met Luke, he adopted them, mostly for the company. He was sweet, and the most fatherly figure Finn or Rey had ever had in their lives. Rey was drawn to him upon first meeting, they got along beautifully. Finn took to him shortly after Rey. . . . Finn adjusted his shoulder bag and headed into the school, a fresh wave of confidence washing over him. He could already see how crowded the halls were, everyone looked generally preppy. He pulled out his phone and checked his schedule. First class of the day was Algebra 2 with Mr. Moore. Walking into class was nerve wracking, the bell hadn’t rung yet so he was safe to slip into the class without drawing too much attention to himself. It wasn't that he didn't like attention, it was that he didn't really have anything to say to introduce himself. Like, hi I'm Finn, I live with an old dude and I like to read. That was about it. The few times Finn was asked to stand up in front of a class and introduce himself were hell, he stuttered and fumbled over words until he was allowed to sit down. "Finn! You made it, I've been looking forward to meeting you." The teacher, Mr. Moore, caught him before he could slip into an empty seat. Moore had short salt and pepper hair but he looked relatively young. Finn would have placed him in his mid 30s. "Hello," Finn smiled warmly and tried not to let it look too forced. "Nice to meet you Mr. Moore." He extended a hand to the man, which was taken in a firm grip. "What a gentleman, I like you already." Moore smiled and grabbed a clipboard off this desk. "You'll be sitting in the third row, three desks in" he gestured towards the small grid of desks. There looked to be somewhere around 30, only about 5 already occupied. "Thank you." Finn nodded quickly and went to go sit down. Directly behind him a boy with slicked back ginger hair tapped on his phone idly. He had on a black turtleneck that he tugged on lightly, as if he was being choked by the fabric. Finn would have placed him at 17 if he didn't have a high end cologne wafting around him. What 17 year old wears cologne? Finn scanned the room again, and a few desks away sat a guy with ash brown hair, it looked meticulously styled yet somehow soft and silky. He wore a tan leather jacket with various patches on it, and what looked to be a logo on the shoulder. Finn had to admit he was pretty cute. No, cute was the wrong word. He was pretty. Finn felt his face warm up and silently thanked the heavens for his dark complexion. Mr. tan jacket caught Finn's eye and winked at him, he fucking winked. Finn looked down immediately and took out his notebook, slightly flustered and confused. "You have cat hairs all over your sweater," A voice behind him said, Finn looked and realized it wasn't directed at him but the redhead. A boy with a wavy black hair, around shoulder length, had sat down next to the ginger without Finn noticing. "It's not a sweater," The other boy corrected, "it's a shirt. And you're looking just as rough." This was looking rough? Finn thought to himself, if this was rough he wondered what qualified as decent. "Shut up, it's called style. You wouldn't understand," the brunette retorted, taking out his books and setting them loudly on his desk. "Keep addressing me like this and I'll tell you all the wrong answers on our exam when you try to cheat off me." "Oh no, I'm so scared." The brunette said dramatically. "Hux you look like an uncircumcised penis in that" Finn had to stop himself from snorting at the comment. The redhead, Hux, rolled his eyes but smiled slightly. The quips seemed affectionate in a very weird way, the two seemed like an old married couple. The rest of class went well, Finn figured out the dark haired boy's name was Kylo and followed the lesson decently despite it being his first day in the class. He periodically shifted his gaze to the boy in tan jacket, he was bent over his notebook the entire lesson, sketching tiny anatomy Hux and the brunette kept up their banter throughout the class, but when the bell rang, the waited for Hux to pack up his things and they left side by side. Weird. "Hey, you're the new kid, right?" Finn turned around to see Mr. tan jacket standing at his desk. "Uh- yeah hi. I'm Finn" Finn smiled. "I'm Poe, it's nice to meet you," Poe looked behind him and gestured for two other students to come over. A girl with long brown hair pulled into a ponytail, and a guy with darker brown hair in short messy curls. "This is Jessika," Poe gestured to the girl, "and this is Wexley, we call him Snap." Finn have them a little hand wave and smiled. "I'm Finn" He repeated and chuckled. "Nice to meet you two" Jessika looked him up and down. "You're pretty cute Finn, you have a girlfriend or something?" She raised an eyebrow. Finn got the feeling she wasn't asking for herself. Finn was taken aback, he hadn’t gotten the ‘do you have a girlfriend’ question in a pretty long time. People just assumed he was with Rey. "Uh, I don't," Finn stammered and searched for the words. "That's not really my thing." He rubbed the back his neck sheepishly. "Oh so you're g-" Poe quickly elbowed her in the ribs cutting her off mid-sentence. Finn smiled weakly and was grateful for the gesture. "Contain yourself Jess." Poe teasingly glares at her. They have an odd chemistry. "What Jessika means to say, is that the we'd love to show you around and if you need anything, you can find one of us" Snap smiles and nods. "Poe knows his way best around the campus but I'm pretty good people if anyone's giving you a hard time. Being the new kids sucks, I know, I was one last year and you don't need any trouble." Snap said, glancing at Poe. He looked down immediately. Jessika and Snap walked off to their next class and Poe stuck by Finn as they started to leave. Finn wanted to ask why Poe winked, he bit the inside of his lip and was about to open his mouth when Poe started talking. "I saw you have to sit by Kylo and Hux, that must be brutal" Finn chuckled. So the other boys name was Kylo. "They act like an old married couple," Finn commented, now smiling for real. Poe seemed really sweet, and for some reason was still talking to him. "They pretty much talked about clothes the whole time." "I'm like 98% sure they're hooking up" Poe states, chuckling to himself. Finn looked surprised at the comment. "Well I mean they always fight, Hux "tutors" Kylo, Hux comes in wearing a turtleneck, and I've seen Kylo with a slight limp." He explains. "That makes sense," Finn looked down at his feet as they walked. "What class do you have next?" "Biology" Poe replied, sounding a bit annoyed. Finn had physics. Finn ended up having the majority of his classes with Poe, and the rest had either Jessika or Snap. The day went well, much to Finns liking not too many people noticed him. Finn took a bath for the first time in ages when he got home. He sank down into the water and let out a relieved sigh, this wasn't going to be as bad as he thought. And he had Poe. Chapter 2 : Too Close Summary: Kylo asks Hux for help, Finn learns a bit more about Poe. Notes: warning: Kylo takes Xanax for his anxiety, and in this fic it's prescribed. This is going to be more about Kylo and Hux. I'm planning on alternating a bit between the story lines to keep it all in the same time-frame. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo felt like shit. It was simple as that, he had a pounding headache and had to skip lunch to meet with his science teacher over some missing projects. “Ben,” Kylo winced at the name, “this can't continue, you're a very bright student. I know you can do better.” Mr. West said gently, knowing how easily upset Kylo was. Kylo rolled his eyes and sank down in his chair. “What are you suggesting?” He asked, it was more of a snap, as Kylo was already getting frustrated and he was hungry. He'd skipped breakfast as he usually did in spite of everyone telling him it was important. “I'm suggesting you seek out a tutor, someone to catch you up on subjects quickly.” He explained. Kylo's mind immediately went to Hux. The guy got straight A’s and never missed an assignment. Plus Hux acted like he hated him, but he'd do anything for Kylo. “Is that all?” Kylo asked, standing up and shoving some papers into his bag. His nail caught on a notebook and he cursed quietly. “Uh yes- do you have someone in mind? I could set someone up-” West started, leaning down to grab a folder of his usual recommendations. “I've got it taken care of.” Kylo grabbed his things and left, shoving his way out the door in mild anger. . . . Finn’s first week at Ridgeview went surprisingly smoothly. Poe helped him find the library a few times and soon enough Finn had memorized his schedule. Rey was excited she got into mostly honors or AP classes, and she talked about her new friends constantly. Luke, of course, was thrilled. Finn was just glad to be left alone for the most part. He started to memorize names and faces, all of whom were pretty friendly or indifferent. Poe had a habit of eating lunch in the library with Snap, Jessika and a few other students Finn didn't know very well. Finn had a habit of skipping his beginning art class to join them. Poe was off talking to Barclay in the corner, he looked a little upset and was rolling his eyes at the stocky man. Barclay was the captain of the football team, and wore the jersey everywhere. Finn had to admit he looked pretty annoying, your basic jock. Jess had been telling Finn stories about her and Snap in freshman year, and by the end of a few stories, his stomach hurt from laughing so much. Jessika Pava had a way with words, she was a natural story teller. Snap mentioned later that she also did poetry, and Finn could come check her out at the local coffee shop the next there was an open mic. “So how's everything going?” Poe asked, he looked mildly irritated but brightened when he saw Finn. He slid into the cushioned chair across from Finn so the four of them were in a little square. “I hope Jess isn't boring you to death.” He teased and gave her a playful glare. He was awfully friendly with Jessika, and Finn swore he saw Jess blush. He brushed it off. “Really well actually!” Finn grinned and his hand found its place at the back his neck again. “I like most of teachers and I've made some more friends.” Poe smiled at this. Finn couldn't help but notice the creases by Poe’s warm eyes every time he smiled, it was endearing and suited him quite well. Almost as well as the faded tan leather jacket he never seemed to take off. “Kylo and Hux haven't given you any trouble?” Jessika asked gravely, and the mood was shattered. “No, they don't really talk to me.” Finn explained, looking confused at Jessika’s expression. The two didn't seem to be that bad of people outside of playfully teasing each other. “Good, those two can be pieces of work, you don't need them.” Jess leaned back in her chair, frowning at the wall. “Yeah those two are bad news, two years ago they totally attacked Poe, it was crazy-” Snap started explaining when Poe cut him off. He had a habit of doing that, turning ice cold in a second. “That's enough, Snap.” Poe said harshly, giving both Snap and Jess a look of warning. He turned to Finn, his sweet, soft smile back on. “Sorry buddy, you don't need to get dragged into that” He explained apologetically. What we it was had obviously really hurt him. What could have happened to Poe? Finn didn't understand why anyone would want to hurt him. Not Poe. Sweet, handsome, talking to new students to make sure they're ok, Poe. “Anyways, enough about me. Tell me about that girl you're always talking to, she's pretty cute.” Poe pressed, changing the subject. “Oh, you must mean Rey,” Finn smiled, going along with the new turn in the conversation, “tall, brown hair, three buns?” “Yeah that one.” Poe leaned back in his chair, crossing his legs. “Do you like her or something? You two spend an awful lot of time together.” Poe said almost as if he was accusing Finn of something. He smirked, obviously teasing but raised an eyebrow suggestively. “No, oh god no,” Finn chuckled. “She's my sister.” He blurted out without thinking. Poe, Snap and Jess all gave Finn blank stares. “Sister… ?” Snap said slowly. “Yeah.” Finn answered simply, his smile dropping. Then it hit him. “Oh! Adoptive sister, I should have explained.” He chuckled again, embarrassed. This wasn the first time he'd made that mistake. “Oh! Yeah, ok.” Jess said, her smile returning. “That makes much more sense.” … “Hux.” Kylo started. The redhead was carefully pushing a textbook into his shoulder bag. He wore a tight black jacket, the collar high enough to cover his neck. That was becoming a common trend with Hux lately. He looked up, giving Kylo the same uninterested look he always did. “What do you want Ren?” A smile tugged at the corners of Hux’s lips. “Um,” Kylo looked at the floor. “Mr. West said I needed a tutor-” he started. “So you need me?” Hux smirked. He loved thinking he was better than Kylo, and the boy did nothing but give him reason to think he was superior. “No,” Kylo snapped, glaring at Hux and his stupid smile. “West made me come to you, I didn't have a choice.” He huffed. “Don't lie to me Kylo, you're awful at it.” Hux stated simply, shrugging his bag on. “I know full well that West doesn't refer students to other students. I'm guessing he offered to set someone up for you and you declined because you thought I would drop everything for you yet again.” All Kylo could muster was a glare. “You're creepy.” Kylo refused to look at the ginger, instead he continued to glare at his feet. “So are you going to tutor me or not?” “Expect me at 7:00 pm, I'll have dinner with you and we’ll go over material until 10:00.” Hux sailed past him smoothly, not making eye contact once. Kylo smiled to himself and waited until Hux was well down the hall to leave the classroom, a thin blush staining his cheeks and ears. Later that night, Kylo paced around his room. Leia was at her brother Luke’s house and Han had been gone on a business trip for weeks. The only thing Kylo knew how to cook was pasta, so he threw together a simple dish of penne pasta and some kind of tomato sauce he found in the back of the fridge. His breaths were growing jagged, his pace quickened and his inside felt like they were twisting into themselves. He decided it was getting out of hand and threw open his medicine cabinet, grabbing a bottle of Xanax, he shook out a pill and swallowed it dry. Technically he wasn't supposed to take more than one a week, but he was due for a refill and still had a few left. Kylo sat at the kitchen table bouncing his leg and rubbing his temples for a good ten minutes while he waited for Hux. It was still only 6:50. Kylo felt himself mellow out and let out a breath. A sharp knock on his door tore Kylo out of his drug induced calm, his head jerking up from the table. He fumbled with the lock on the door and swung it open to see Hux in a different jacket than he'd been wearing earlier. This one was long, it nearly reached Hux’s knees and clung to his shoulders so he didn't have to button it. “Hux, hey.” Kylo smiled and moved to let Hux in. “Hi” Hix smiled to himself and shrugged off his jacket, hanging it on the set of hooks near the door without asking Kylo. He had on yet another turtleneck. This one was grey. He turned around, books in hand. Kylo noticed how his nose and sharp cheekbones where dusted red from the cold. It contrasted nicely with the spray of freckles Hux wore and sharpened his steely grey eyes. “Kylo, I asked if you had dinner prepared.” He said, sounding annoyed, Kylo jumped a little, the meds made some things harder to register, easier to get lost in things. “Oh, yeah, sorry.” Kylo shook his head a little, trying to jostle himself out of the slight stupor. He led his peer into the kitchen and pulled out a chair for Hux. The redhead decided to sit in the one beside it. They ate dinner in relatively comfortable silence, Hux mentioned that it wasn't bad and Kylo smiled at his plate. Kylo set the dishes in the sink when they were finished, and Hux insisted to at least rinse them off. “You can't live like this, you'll forget about them and other people will have to clean up your messes. It's disgraceful.” He mumbled to himself and started heading upstairs to Kylo’s bedroom. Hux snorted as soon as he saw the giant Darth Vader poster taking up a good portion of Kylo’s wall. “You're a fucking nerd Kylo, I knew it.” He set his bag down and studied the room. “Shut up, I was like 12 when I put that up” Kylo defended, his ears turning a light shade of red. “Don't lie to me Kylo,” Hux said in an airy voice and sat on the edge of Kylo’s bed. Silk sheets, black of course, a fluffy grey comforter, and a red accent pillow against two large black ones. Oddly stylish. “Anyways, let's get started. I have all of the notes from the beginning of the year, which one do you need?” “All of them.” Kylo admitted. This was going to be a long night. They started slow, Kylo copying notes down and asking a few questions here and there, Hux answering them better than the teacher had. Kylo broke the top off at least five pencils while jotting down notes until Hux fished out a pen for him to use. Once he got into the groove of working, it wasn't so bad. Kylo eventually gave up on pretending he understood more than he did, because after he did need a tutor, and Hux was able to be pretty helpful. The night slipped away quicker than expected, they worked really well together and soon it was almost 10. “Do you understand question A now?” Hux asked, surprisingly gently. It was nice to see this side of him, he was soft and considerate. His smiles, while they were small, came from Kylo answering questions correctly and understanding more. “Yeah, I think so-” He looked up at Hux quickly, his face was way closer than expected. There was an obviously blush painting itself across Hux’s cheeks, and his eyes seemed to narrow. Kylo tilted his head slightly and leaned forward, Hix followed suit, their lips inches apart. Kylo’s heart was pounding and all he could hear was blood rushing past his ears, he could feel the other boys breath ghosting over his lips- “It's almost 10, I should go” Hux said, barely above a whisper. He turned away and started stacking his papers back into order, fumbling to shove his books into his bag. “Uh yeah,” Kylo said, shaking his head slightly in an effort to clear it somewhat. He closed a textbook and handed it to Hux. “Thank you, when can we do this again?” “I’ll be here the day after tomorrow and Saturday, same times” He stated. The gentle Hux was gone again, reverted back into his usual cold, orderly self. “Ok, that'll be fine.” Kylo stood up and followed Hux down the stairs, he didn't have anything to say. He watched in silence as Hux pulled his coat on. Hux was halfway out the door when Kylo managed a “See you tomorrow.” But the ginger was already gone. That night Kylo spent in bed, lying awake. He heard his mother come in around midnight and shifted onto his side. Had he misread the signals? Kylo certainly wasn't the best with people but he wasn't that blind. Hux had leaned in. Kylo was sure of it. He'd never had a girlfriend (that Kylo could think of) and Kylo had assumed he was gay. Maybe this wasn't the case. All Kylo really knew was that he had really wanted to kiss Hux. Notes: Sorry, I'm now both trash and evil. I am evil trash. Keep in mind this is going to be a relatively slow burn. Notes: Hello everyone! I'll try and update at least weekly, no promises. I'll be adding tags as the story goes on and warnings for smut, underage drinking, and possibly sensitive subjects. thank you for reading!