The universe truly was an unfathomable marvel of nature, far surpassing the full breadth of human comprehension. Centuries of exploration from every species in the galaxy, and they’d barely made a ripple in the great cosmic blanket. One could dedicate their entire life to exploring it all and never reach the end. Space just went on and on. And on. And on… And on… To the point where, after six months, it’s little more than the same passing scene of black and stars and the occasional planet. And being thrown from your bed in the middle of a standard night because the piece of shit ship you’d stolen while running from a hit-man just took a detour into an asteroid field again. (The auto navigation system was about as effective as someone writing nav. sys. on a crumpled piece of paper and taping it to the console.) It would have been almost tolerable if it was a necessary evil they only had to experience in small doses in a brief time off-planet, but traveling space had degraded to little more than a lingering sense of impending doom mixed with unbearable monotony. The first two months after Ren and Hux had hastily defected from their positions in the First Order, they tried spending most of their time planetside. They hit the first planet they could find at a run, leaving the escape pod as far behind them as they could before someone initiated its tracking beacon. They happened onto a large farmland, and Ren persuaded the unsuspecting owner out of one of his better transport shuttles. That got them off the planet, and eventually out of the Core Worlds. They hid on a planet in the Inner Ring until word of a bounty for their capture started to spread. They fled deeper into the less populated regions of the planet, but wherever they went, they were met with their own morose looking faces plastered on every flickering holoscreen and middle-of-nowhere service station window. They found a town that’s population couldn’t have been more than two hundred, and they were promptly accosted that night by a small group of bounty hunters. They went for Hux first, grabbing him from behind, painfully wrenching his arm behind his back, and holding a very old fashioned blaster to his face. They were using the ex-general to bait the Force user into surrendering without a fight. The bounty hunters obviously hadn’t done their research on what the Force can do. Ren Forced choked the one holding Hux until the man’s neck made an audible crack. His grip slipped from Hux’s arm, and he fell to the ground. Hux, looking rather annoyed, picked up the dead man’s blaster and turned back to the remaining two of the group. They seemed reasonably jarred – this was apparently their first real encounter with a Force user, and they’d made a terrible error in judgement. One of them opened fire, but Ren stretched out a hand, and the blast stopped in the air. He flicked his hand up, and the blast threw itself back into the man’s chest. He seemed to have just enough time to register the new, burning hole in his chest cavity before he joined his accomplice on the ground. The last man cowered, dropping his blaster in front of him in a show of surrender. “N-no, please. I’ll leave you alone. I won’t tell anyone you’re here. P-please! You have to understand. It’s so much money, and my family, we’re-” His words cut off as he started to gag. Ren closed his fingers together, causing the invisible force to restrain the man’s throat tighter. A hand touched his shoulder. “Stop, Ren. Don’t kill him.” Ren glanced at Hux. “What? Why?” “You’ve done enough.” He studied Hux for another second, then, reluctantly, released his grip. The man fell to his knees, wheezing desperately for air. “T-thank you,” he rasped, looking up at Hux as he drew closer. “Oh, don’t thank me yet.” Hux placed his shoe against the man’s face and forcibly pushed him onto his back. He pulled up the blaster and shot out each of the man’s kneecaps, then watched impassively as the pathetic excuse for a bounty hunter writhed in pain on the ground, sputtering unintelligibly. After what felt like an adequate amount of time, Hux fired one more blast between the man’s eyes. This was all unusually dramatic for him, but so very satisfying. Even Ren looked surprised. “What?” Hux said. “They insult me, and you’re the one who gets to kill all of them? That’s hardly fair.” They left the planet soon after, but it barely made a difference. No matter where they went, newscasters on every holoscreen made sure to cheerily incorporate their names and standing bounties in-between other news segments, further reminding the public at large that these galactic terrorists were extremely dangerous and must be apprehended immediately. They ran into more bounty hunters, one of them recognizing them just from their ship. As good as the ship had been, they quickly abandoned it on another planet, which unfortunately happened to be a junk planet. They figured it would take a good few days to find a ship there that wouldn’t fall apart in a stiff breeze, but time proved to not be on their side. (Most things weren’t on their side.) They didn’t run into a bounty hunter on this planet – they ran into a hit-man. A very dedicated hit-man who was annoyingly good at his job. Someone had spared no expenses, but neither Ren nor Hux could figure out who. The First Order wouldn’t have put so much effort into their galactic wide search campaign if they were just going to off them anyways. Ren, at least, was much too valuable to them for that. And Republic forces generally considered themselves above the hired help of the criminal underground. If they were going to do something, they’d do it themselves. That meant there was a well-off unnamed third-party who also really wanted them dead. Wonderful. Ren had tried to scour the hit-man’s mind for information, but he seemed to know less about his client than they did. They managed to incapacitate him, but they knew he wasn’t working alone. The scene they’d caused already was drawing far too much attention, and they had to leave before they were found again. Their general anonymity on this planet had already been compromised. They took the first ship they could find. “Of course it’s an Ugly,” Hux huffed under his breath as they prepared the ship for take-off. “Why would we ever need a ship that isn’t just a mess of conflicting parts glued together. And what is this? What… it doesn’t do anything. There’s a switch here that doesn’t even do anything.” The ship was a mess, but, to Hux’s disdain, it worked to their advantage. On top of being small, it had no registration number or tracking system in it, making them practically invisible. And its terrible exterior made it easier for people to ignore. Whoever wasn’t piloting had to spend most of his days in the walls, messing with faulty wiring and figuring out what important mechanism was going to stop working next. They’d found somewhere at one point that seemed like it was actually going to work for them. The planet was underdeveloped by galactic standards and wholly disconnected from the rest of the planets in the system and what was happening on them. As long as they didn’t bother the local inhabitants more than absolutely necessary, no one cared that they were there. Yeah, they’d essentially used Force persuasion to kick a guy out of his house, but it’s not like he’d told them no. It was almost feasible that they could stay there for a while with little to no trouble. They’d accepted a long time ago that the only option they had left was to sever themselves from the rest of the galaxy, what with their other options being going back to a leader who, from the start, had been planning to kill them when their usefulness ran out, federal imprisonment until an eventual death sentence, or just death on sight. They had been there almost two weeks when Hux found himself abruptly woken by the sound of panicked breathing and a harsh thump. He sat up. Ren wasn’t in the bed. “Ren?” The panicked breathing had turned choked. Hux moved to look over the other side of the bed. “ Ren! ” Ren was on the floor, his back arched, trembling violently and gasping for air. Long scratches raked across his throat and upper chest. From the blood on his fingers, it must have been self-inflicted. His eyes were closed, like he was in the throes of some terrible nightmare that was quite literally choking him. Hux got off the bed and crouched next to him, looking him over. Deep indentations pressed against Ren’s throat. They grew darker and Ren let out a gag. Someone had found them. Someone had found Ren, and they were choking him from half-way across the galaxy. There was nothing Hux could do. “Open your eyes. Ren! Wake up!” Ren began clawing desperately at his own skin again. Hux moved to straddle Ren’s hips, holding him down and forcing his hands away. “ REN! WAKE UP! You need to wake up and fight this!” Ren fought against Hux’s hold, thrashing from side to side. He pushed himself back, hitting his head against the side of an end table. Hux heard a rattle and looked up. A datapad balanced precariously on the table’s ledge. Almost in slow motion, Hux watched as it slipped over the edge and audibly smacked against Ren’s face. Ren stilled. Hux froze. For a long second, nothing happened, the sound of Hux’s labored breathing in the now silent room an earth shattering treble in his head. Then, with a heavy intake of breath, Ren’s eyes opened. He fell into a fit of coughing, and Hux let out a tired sigh of relief. Ren’s eyes flicked around at unfocused points in the ceiling as he took in large lung-fulls of air. Hux leaned forward and Ren’s eyes moved to him, going into focus. “You,” Hux muttered, “are exhausting.” He let himself fall forward onto Ren’s chest. Ren circled his arms around him, pulling him closer. There was something comforting to Hux in the feeling of Ren’s chest moving underneath him. “I…” Ren’s voice was a painful rasp. “I didn’t… my mental block fell. They know where we are. It was like a beacon for every Force user in the star system.” “If we’re leaving, we’re taking a ship other than that flying trash compactor.” “We don’t have time to look for anything else. We have to leave now.” Hux made a very displeased noise. They didn’t find themselves planetside too often after that. The first few months had been met with a rather valiant promise on both of their parts to share the ship’s necessary duties. It was reasonable enough. They’d take turns piloting, cleaning, cooking, not having violent tantrums against important components of the ship – mindless things like that. This promise encompassed an unspoken sister promise. Another necessity of the ship brought on from long spans of almost complete social isolation – they were to keep each other sane. With one half of the galaxy vying behind the Republic and the billions of voices crying for Kylo and Hux’s heads on a pike – be it in principle or in practice – and the other half waiting to cash in on them for the First Order, the two of them were all they had left in all the known star systems. Between their incessant arguing and emotional flare ups, they held on to each other’s existence like everything they had left would dissipate in front of them the second they dared to let go. As the months wore on, their first promise all but fell to the wayside. Ren insisted on doing most of the cooking – one, because, out of the two of them, he actually knew how, and two, because Hux would never eat if Ren didn’t force him to. There were a lot of things Hux wouldn’t do anymore. He spent most of his time in bed. For a while, they both did, especially when Ren’s mental barrier went down again. It was like he had a million voices screaming accusingly at him at the same time. He couldn’t hear Snoke’s voice among them, but he felt the familiar sensation of his old Leader’s presence lurking inside him. Sometimes he wondered if Snoke was the only one there, barraging Ren with a hoard of conflicting sensations, trying to rip his head apart. But sometimes he feels other presences too. Familiar, but faint. No one had tried to choke him since that last night, but he still woke up, covered in sweat and with Hux hovering over him, holding his face and saying it’s okay now. It’s over. You’re awake. You’re awake. They’d stay in bed after that, curled around each other protectively, only vaguely aware of the hours passing by them. Ren’s only motivation to get up came when he felt a sharp pang against his stomach. But it’s not his stomach. He reaches out, melding into Hux’s thoughts until he can feel Hux’s every nerve ending. And, among everything else, he feels the gnawing prick of hunger pain that Hux doesn’t even realize he’s ignoring. Ren gets out of bed just for that, dragging Hux with him. Hux took over most of the piloting from there. It gave him something to do. It gave him something to control . He hated every second he spent stuck in his own head – the pestering reminder that the reigning general of the First Order had been reduced to this unrecognizable creature of gross over-dependence. He’d lost all control, not only over himself, but over absolutely everything. Once, he’d raised an army. Now he couldn’t even motivate himself to shower most days. Ren had to do that for him too. It was during one of these showers, after over five months in the ship, that the absolute ridiculousness of the whole thing overcame him, and he didn’t even try to cover his laugh. “What?” Ren asked, slightly startled by the sudden break in their silence. “You realize,” Hux said, still laughing, “I would quite literally die without you right now. How disgusting is that? I would wither away on this ship into this self-starved, grime encrusted husk of apathy that almost once resembled a person.” His laugh was weaker now, his gaze becoming unfixed. “It’s almost fascinating, isn’t it?” Ren pushed a hand through Hux’s wet hair, moving the overgrown strands out of the other man’s eyes. Then he just left his hand there, holding the side of Hux’s face. “You need to get off this ship,” he said. Hux let out a derisive snort and tiredly leaned into Ren’s hand. “Nothing gets past you, does it?” “I mean more than just a fuel and supply stop. We need to find somewhere to land, and stay there.” “Right. Brilliant.” Hux moved away from Ren with a sigh and turned the showerhead off. “Maybe we can find wherever Skywalker is holed up. There’s two of us. Surely we can bully him off to another planet and take his spot.” Kylo didn’t roll his eyes so much as give an annoyed upwards blink. “Will you shut up and listen to me for a second?” “Mm.” Hux slid the shower door open and stepped out, leaving Ren behind to watch him with radiating irritation. Hux picked up a towel and started running it over his hair; he was quite done with talking for the day. “A month. Gods, a week even.” Ren was apparently not. Hux bit back another sigh as Ren came up behind him, still talking. “We’ll go to the Outer Rims. Find neutral territory-“ “Neutral territory,” Hux said between his teeth, “indicates the allegiance of the planet’s governing bodies, not of the individuals residing on it. We’ll take two steps off this ship and be ambushed by every bounty hunter who rightly guessed we’d be dumb enough to consider something so simple.” “An uninhabited planet then! Fuck, Hux, there’s something out there. There’s somewhere we can go. At least for one goddamn week. To get you off this ship before you completely fucking fall apart.” Hux rubbed his eyes. He didn’t have to look at Ren to know his fists were clenching at his sides. This was why he hadn’t wanted to talk. These conversations always led back to them talking in circles, only ending when Ren split his knuckles on a metal sheeting in the wall. “Fine,” Hux said, looking up. “We’ll take your week-long vacation from being fugitives on the run. As soon as we happen upon this safe little planet you’re counting on, we’ll do just that. I would first like to point out, though, that uninhabited planets are uninhabited for a reason. If you plant us on Mustafar, I’m leaving you there.” The anger slid from Ren’s face. He almost looked unsure of what to do now, like he’d never actually expected to accomplish anything with this conversation. Finally, he said, “Mustafar’s not uninhabited.” “Good.” Hux threw the towel at Ren before stepping past him. “You’ll have friends.” From the time keeper on his console, Hux guessed it must have been nearly three standard weeks since that conversation. If he was being honest with himself, he’d been looking forward to this almost hypothetical prospect of them finally getting off this ship and actually leaving it behind, even if it was just for a few days or a week. Anything more than the few hours they got when they were jumping from station to station. Sometimes they’d get a night out of their stops if they had to go into town for supplies. Whether they went into town or not depended entirely on how connected with the rest of the galaxy the planet was. The more primitive planets on the Outer Rims, planets not unlike the last one they’d stayed at, were usually their best bets. It was almost funny – the planets Hux once despised for their backwards lifestyles and technologies were now the ones he most staked his and Ren’s safety on. “Are we landing soon?” Hux looked up at the sound of Ren’s voice, not realizing the other man had been standing behind the pilot’s chair. He was wiping black oil off his hands, his hair pulled back the way he only did it when he was messing with the inner workings of the ship. It was still almost surreal seeing him like that. So… normal. Hux turned his focus back to the control panel. “The next planet. I suggest you prepare.” He flicked some more switches before readjusting their position. He looked back at Ren. “Did you get the compensator working?” “Oh, right. Have fun with that.” “You were going to fix it!” “It’s on my list.” He waved a hand dismissively and turned to leave the room. Hux yelled after him, “If we crash, I want it down that it was your fault.” “Noted.” Hux ran his fingers across the coordinates grid, and the ship gave a small shutter as the thrusters complied with their newly input orders. The ship gave a jerk as it hit the planet’s atmosphere, and Hux cursed under his breath, pulling back on the steering while simultaneously reaching over to switch off the accelerators. Every cheap, old ship is going to have its quirks. It just so happened that one of this ship’s quirks was a faulty gravitational compensation gauge. You never knew how much power was needed until you’d broken through the atmosphere and took a quick assessment of how fast you were or were not suddenly hurdling. It hit their ship harder than Hux had anticipated, dragging them down quickly. One hand still gripping the steering wheel, he pushed dials as quickly as he could, manually inputting the gravity ratio levels as best he could estimate. With another violent shutter, the ship slowed and started to straighten. It wasn’t until the ship finally landed at the fuel station, stopping with a tight jerk of finality, that Hux was able to pry his fingers from the steering wheel and let out a breath. Closing his eyes, he took a few seconds to compose himself. He was suddenly very, very tired. He did his last check of the system, shutting everything off and opening the bay door, then hefted out of his chair and staggered from the room. Ren was standing at the top of the open bay hatch, leaning against the edge of the opening. He raised an eyebrow when he saw Hux. “Trouble with the landing, captain?” “Don’t talk to me.” Hux passed him without stopping, trudging down the ramp. The corner of Ren’s mouth quirked up, and he pulled a hood over his head, trailing after him. “We’re on the Rimma Route, aren’t we?” he asked, catching up to Hux. “What happened to staying off any major trade routes?” “The second closest station is almost ten parsecs away, and I don’t see us making it that far. Not in this useless thing.” Hux glanced around the large station. “Where are the fuel droids?” “This is one of the older stations,” Ren said. “You have to go beckon your service.” “Inside?” “Yeah.” Ren fixed his hood and pulled up his scarf until it covered his mouth and nose. “Stay on the ship. You shouldn’t even be out here anyway, with as busy as this place is.” They’d made the agreement early on that Ren would take care of most, if not all, off-ship interactions. Without his mask, he was the least recognizable of the two, even with their faces plastered all over the galaxy. It was the benefit of having a picture that was nearly thirteen years out of date. Not to mention, use of the Force made deterring everyday trouble much less of a hassle. Hux crossed his arms. “I’d sooner set myself on fire than step back on that ship right now.” “Hux-“ “Just go, for Gods’ sakes. I can manage perfectly well on my own while you venture some fifty feet away. Go.” Ren eyed him for a few more seconds, both of them standing there in a stalemate of stubborn defiance. Then he turned, with a dissatisfied grunt, and headed towards the station’s main building. Despite himself, Hux watched Ren as he made his way across the lot, the irrational worry that someone was about to come down and try and take him at any moment prickling under Hux’s skin. Ren disappeared within the station, and Hux’s inner bout of irrational concern was satiated for the time being. He needed to distract himself. He looked around the station’s front lot again, taking in the surroundings this time. Lanthe, he thought the name of the planet was. It sounded familiar, like the old droid manufacturing company. He wasn’t sure what city, or even what region of the planet, they were in, but it must have been big for there to be so many people everywhere. Now that he was looking at them, most of them, if not all of them, seemed to be non-humans of varying species. He couldn’t even guess what the planet’s main species was. So clearly it was a tourist spot. He was surprised they hadn’t modernized their systems yet with such a stream of travelers coming and going, but he guessed that was how they got you. Go in for fuel so they can hassle you to buy an overpriced upgrade for your hyperdrive. It won’t go any faster, but it’s shinier and has the word “guaranteed” on the packaging somewhere. A loud burst of laughter broke through the white noise of the crowd, drawing Hux’s attention. A group of non-humans were standing in a circle next to what looked like a modified cargo skiff. They were tossing back mindless banter and being obnoxiously loud about it. A Devaronian in the group glanced up, catching Hux’s look. Studying him for a quick beat, the Devaronian let a sly smile slide across his face. Hux stopped looking at them. The station door creaked with the sound of rusted metal scraping against rusted metal as Ren made his way inside. It was a fairly large building, only one floor but easily tall enough to fit at least three more. Small rail systems crossed and circled the walls. A few droids on wheels zipped across them, heading to and from the station’s larger ships stationed in the building’s sides near the top, and pulling out numerous mechanical parts from suspended racks along the walls. The ground floor was a mess of ship parts and general, cheap travelling supplies, like the stand for dehydrated food that tasted almost a notch above actual dirt. (That was an observation, not their slogan.) Something caught in Ren’s peripheral. A notice board of sorts. It held announcements from local authorities on some regional code changes, old spreads on events that had already long happened, a missing creature notice with the bottom torn off so there was no way of knowing what was missing. And in the middle of it all was the poster that had caught his attention. A slightly younger – and less unkempt – Hux than the one Ren left outside stared out at him from between large letters that declared him a galactic terrorist, wanted dead or alive. Sixty million credit reward. A tear ripped through the middle of the poster like the cut from an invisible knife as Ren stalked towards it. Without preamble, he tore it from the wall, ripping its pins out, and crumpled it in his hands before stuffing it in one of his pockets. He couldn’t tell if his own poster had been here at some point. It would make sense for someone to take it; the bounty on his head was significantly higher. He glanced out the station’s window behind him, briefly checking that there was still a small red-headed figure in the distance, then maneuvered his way around the durasteel support beams towering through the building, and towards the Sullustan worker behind the counter. Ren didn’t make a habit of studying other species, but he was fairly sure the worker was female, and he realized he’d never actually seen a female Sullustan before. He’d never seen one with hair before. She was talking into a communicator at her ear and going through a pile of papers splayed out across the counter. Whatever she was saying, she wasn’t happy about it. Ren’s already thin patience began waning as he waited for her to notice him standing there. With an almost imperceptible flick of his finger, the woman’s comm mysteriously dropped from her ear and clattered to the floor. She hissed something Ren could only assume was the Sullustese equivalent of god fucking damn it . “If you’re done,” he said, finally getting her attention. She glared, but the anger seemed more directed towards her growing animosity for gravity than him. Her jowly features quickly changed into the shopkeeper default pleasant. “Oh, hello, sir! I didn’t see you.” She briefly disappeared behind the counter, bending over to retrieve her wayward comm. “I noticed,” Ren drawled. She popped back up, placing the device off to the side. There was still a muffled voice coming from its other end. “Did you see our deal on stabilizers?” she asked. “Class one hyperdrive compatible for only 10,000 credits.” Ren would never in his life trust a 10,000 cred stabilizer. “Stop talking,” he said, waving a hand impatiently. She stopped. He did a precursory check for anyone within earshot, then reached towards the comm and shut it off. “You’ll send fuel droids out to the T-34 starfighter in the front. It’s already been paid for. You’ll forget it was ever here.” He moved to leave, then hesitated. “And you’ll take down any First Order bounty posters put up here.” The Sullustan woman repeated his words in a dazed mutter, but he was already readjusting his hood and heading towards the exit. He glanced quickly at the notice board as he passed, but, again, something familiar caught his eye, and he had to do a double-take. He stopped walking. There was a poster under the one he’d torn down. It was purple and bright and horribly gaudy to look at. Some kind of tame crystallized energy had been used to make the letters shimmer and change colors. It was one of the worst posters Ren had ever seen, but it wasn’t his first time seeing it. All he could think was how he couldn’t believe they hadn’t changed their marketing tactics for sixteen years. Walking back to the ship, he could see more of the wheeled droids roaming around it. Two of them were attaching a hose to the ship. Another was talking to Hux. Seeing the picture from the poster in Ren’s head next to his view of Hux further emphasized how tired and worn the man looked these days. “Our motivator is fine,” Hux was saying, with thinly veiled irritation. The droid was undeterred. “We can do a complete maintenance check in under an hour for half the credits.” “Or you can do nothing and go away for free.” The droid reeled back a little, looking about as affronted as an expressionless automaton could. “Thank you again for your patronage, sir,” it chimed automatically, giving a small bow, then wheeled itself away and back into the station. Hux ran a hand over his face tiredly, then caught sight of Ren walking towards him. “Gods, finally,” he huffed. He closed the rest of the distance himself. Ren had barely opened his mouth to speak before Hux grabbed him by the scarf and pulled him into a kiss. Ren didn’t move away, but he didn’t encourage it either, startled into awkwardly standing there. Hux pulled their lips apart just far enough to whisper, “That Devaronian hasn’t stopped staring at me since you left.” “What? Where?” Hux gave a slight nod to the side. “To the right over there. By the skiff. Is he still looking?” “The red guy?” “No, Ren, the blue Devaronian.” Ren gave Hux an annoyed look, then turned to the group of aliens again. “No, but he doesn’t look happy. Did he recognize you?” “I doubt it. He hasn’t tried to do anything. He’s either an overly cocky bounty hunter or a horny alien with no subtlety.” Ren was now less worried and more confused. “What does kissing me have to do with that?” “Judging by his increasing smolder, I’m saying horny alien, and I’m sending him a message as delicately as I’m capable so he’ll put his goddamn eyes back in his own pants before I go over there and ruin our cover by committing homicide in public.” “He’s the one with no subtlety?” “I’m being commendably civil about this. If you’d been out here, we’d be paying extra to have the droids pull the body out of the fuselage.” That was barely an exaggeration. Ren put his hand on Hux’s back and moved him towards the ship and out from the middle of God and country. “You had a poster in the station.” “I have a poster in most stations.” “It was just yours. Mine wasn’t with it.” Hux raised his eyebrows. “Really? Did someone take it?” “I don’t know. Probably. But I know where we’re going now.” Hux frowned. “You can’t just tell a person you found their bounty poster then say you’re suddenly inspired to reroute.” “Yes, Hux, you caught me. I’m turning you in and taking the money they’ll definitely hand over after not capturing me on sight.” “Alright, I get it. Tell me where we’re going. And why.” Chapter 2 Notes: This is more like "Chapter 1 part 2", because, like I said, I'm making this up as I go. Mistakes will be made -- like ending chapters earlier than I probably should have. The whole set-up is me arguing with myself over why they'd ever go somewhere like this. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo was often reminded of exactly how perfect Hux had been for his position in the First Order – a position that demanded the acquiescence of fearful respect and unquestioned compliance. It wasn’t a compliment. Talking to him was the emotional equivalent of making a speech in front of a room full of overly important people who knew they were better than you and were readying themselves to nit-pick apart everything you hadn’t even said yet. Concern for the other person’s emotional stake in the conversation came as a delayed afterthought, if it came at all. This was a useful trait to have in someone when you needed a leader for a morally corrupt army of trained murderers against the biggest political force in the galaxy. Not so much when you wanted to have a simple conversation about something that could be considered… counterintuitive given the current situation. Hux had a strategist’s mind that would not shut up . All that to say, Ren was having an impressively difficult time coming up with a convincing argument for why he would ever think this awful looking flyer held any kind of answers for them. Hux was still watching him, arms crossed and his look expectant. Ren hated how he could already see that expression falling into patronizing very quickly, Hux looking at Ren like he was an idiot and disregarding whatever he was about to say entirely. But it wasn’t like the look wouldn’t have been deserved. Ren had grabbed the event flyer without thinking, folding it and stuffing into his pocket with the crumpled bounty poster. He’d acted on impulse, and he was starting to question that decision now. “Excuse me, sirs.” Ren and Hux looked down at the grease splattered wheeled droid that had just stuck itself into their conversation, cutting off anything Ren was about to say. “What more could you possibly want to sell us?” Hux snapped, catching a droid off-guard for the second time that day. “No, nothing, sir!” It raised its little droid hands defensively. “We finished with your ship, and it’s ready for you now.” “Oh.” Hux waved it off. “Fine. You can go then.” The robot stayed exactly where it was. “I’m very sorry to inconvenience you, but we’ve been alerted to an issue I’m afraid we must resolve.” An immediate warning signal went off in Ren’s head. Hux threw him a wary glance. “What issue?” Ren asked. “It seems, sir,” the droid said, “there was a problem processing the payment. We were given the signal to come out here, but our internal indicators are showing no payment was ever manually inputted in our system. It’s a simple misunderstanding, I’m sure, and if you’ll follow me back into the station, we can get this fixed in…” It trailed off, suddenly aware of how neither of the men were moving. They continued to stare at the droid, and it wheeled back a little. “Sirs?” Ren and Hux looked at each other, like they were having a silent conversation. “Sirs, I must ask that you-“ With a sweep of his hand, Ren Force shoved the droid away from them. It hit against an iron beam with a resounding clack . Hux ran for the ship. The second fuel droid yelled after them, its volume box turned up until it sounded like an announcer’s comm shrieking in their ears. “Sirs, I must ask that you stop! Under the code of the Galactic Federation, amendment 628 section 14, I must inform you that you are committing a federal crime if you leave this station!” Its booming voice drew the attention of other customers and droids around the lot. Hux opened the ship’s input box and hastily entered the access code. A heavy, mechanical groan sounded from somewhere inside the ship, and it gave a small jitter, something shifting. A system started up. The first droid picked itself up, and it joined the second fuel droid as it wheeled towards the ship. Ren closed his hand in a fist towards them. They stopped abruptly. He opened it again, fingers splayed, and the droids shattered into piles of disjointed parts. With another metal groan, the ramp began to lower, but neither of them could hear it over the shrill security alarm that was rising up from the main station. “When I said we didn’t want to raise the alarm, I did mean it literally,” Hux said, looking around the lot at the rest of the droids that were turning to them. Be they working with a customer or mid-task, the droids dropped what they were doing, and within seconds, they all started wheeling in their direction. Ren lifted half of them far off the ground, causing a stir among the bystanders watching the scene in front of them. He dropped the droids back down, hurdling them into the others. It took out a good number of them, but there were still more coming from the station now. “We absolutely do not have time for this,” Hux muttered, standing half-way up the ramp. He looked out towards the crowd of onlookers, and spotted a familiar face. The Devaronian in amongst them, sharing everyone’s wide-eyed fascination of the scene unfolding in front of them. He looked up, like he could feel Hux’s eyes on him. “What do you know,” Hux said, much too far away for the Devaronian to hear him. “You have a use after all.” He pulled a blaster from his back holster. “Here’s something for you to look at.” He shot before anyone in the crowd could react to the sight of the weapon, hitting the Devaronian straight through the eye. The alien screamed, and a chorus of terrified gasps and cries rang out around him. Hux would later say the shot had been for purely strategical purposes and not at all just as an excuse to be indulgently petty. The crowd’s morbid fascination quickly turned to panic, and they all scattered, desperately grabbing for their families and running. Hux holstered his weapon, admiring his work. The common public was so very predictable. The approaching droids were slowed down by the ensuing commotion and the bodies desperately pushing past them. Hux disappeared into the ship. Ren turned to follow him when another shot of blaster fire tore through the surrounding noise, followed by a choked scream. Ren looked back. Someone was shooting their way through the crowd, but there was something off about the shots. They gave off a strangely hollow shrill as they were fired. Ren watched as a Rodian was caught in the side by one of the blasts, and he realized two things: one, the charges were meant to incapacitate, not kill. That was something. And two, the droids were firing them off from a compartment in their bases. Ren barely finished the thought before he was reflexively dodging a spark of blaster fire zipping past his head. He hissed out a surprised curse. The droids, still yelling incomprehensible legal commands, had broken through the crowd and turned their barrage of fire at Ren. He held up his hand, deflecting the shots within a short radius of himself. The shots ricocheting back at the droids didn’t seem to affect them in the least. Ren stepped back farther on the ramp. The worst part was he could have easily dismantled every single one of them if he used his lightsaber. He still carried the weapon with him, but its immediate give away of a Force user kept him from using it much anymore. They’d long crossed that line of discretion here, and he was feeling greatly tempted to hold it again. “Are you going to shut the goddamn hatch or not?” he yelled into the ship. He’d hardly finished the question before a small whirring reverberated under his boots. Hux must have been waiting for some confirmation that he was on board. The ramp jittered then started to raise. The ship slowly lifted off the ground soon after. Ren stepped back. He turned to go into the ship when a loud explosion went off to his left, rocking the ship and throwing him forward. The hit had left an impacted scorch mark on the ship, tearing through the exterior, but didn’t seem to have broken through to anything crucial. Ren glanced back down at the droids, looking for the source of the hit. They’d mostly stopped shooting, save for one. It let off another charge, leaning back with the recoil. The shot was much bigger than any droid of its model should be capable of discharging. A civilian level droid shouldn’t have been able to switch between charges of that capacity. It barely missed the ship. Ren drew back into the ship**. He stumbled into the cockpit and leaned forward against the back of Hux’s chair. Hux didn’t look up, carefully turning a dial as he watched one of the output readers. “What the hell is going on out there?” he asked. “The station’s upgrade funds. I think we found them.” Hux ignored that entirely unsatisfying answer. He hit the accelerator, pushing them away from the station. “Did you honestly not have them input a payment again?” Another shot rocked the ship. “I did! I told her we paid.” “Did you see her validate it?” “I…” They picked up momentum, leaving the firing range for a high-class canon, nonetheless a horde of fuel station droids – no matter how upgraded they were. Hux looked down at their sensors. “Oh, wonderful.” “They sent a ship after us, didn’t they?” Hux transferred the remaining shield power aft, not that it would do much good. They had to balance their power output between defense or speed, and speed was taking priority at the moment. “Of course they did. And now they’re requesting to send a transmission. Please tell me you at least got the hyperdrive in a useable condition again.” Ren reached forward and pushed their thrusters to full power, draining their shields. “I guess we’re about to find out.” Hux threw him a displeased frown for the insubordinate override. Then he let out a sigh, muttering something about ejecting a body through the airlock. With only minimal hesitation, he initiated the hyperdrive sequence. They were still within the planet’s gravitational pull, and couldn’t jump until they’d broken through the atmosphere. “Where are you putting all the power?” Ren asked, pushing buttons. “Why are we going so slow?” “This is as fast as we’ve ever been able to go. Stop pushing things.” 4… 3… 2… Hux gripped the hyperdrive shift tighter, preparing himself. “Here we go.” …1 He pushed it into gear, and Ren tightened his hold on the seat as they were shoved back against the sudden momentum. They rode it out for a few seconds before the ship stabilized. They were in hyperspace. Somehow. Hux fell back against the seat with an exhausted breath. This was far too much life or death piloting in one day. Ren relaxed his hold and leaned his head forward against the seat. “And you wanted me to work on the compensator,” he muttered. “I still want you to work on the compensator.” Ren made a dismissive grunt. “I wouldn’t be surprised if they’d invested in a sensor too. They’re probably going to be right behind us as soon as we drop back into realspace.” “I doubt that,” Hux said, “but we should probably start planning where we’re going from here in any case.” He checked the ship’s status one more time, making sure nothing had been knocked loose by the blaster hits and was about to fly off the sides, then turned to Ren. “Which would be where, exactly?” “You’re the one flying.” Hux looked like he really was about to shove Ren out the airlock. “I’m flying us aimlessly Rimward, as I will continue to do unless you tell me what you were talking about at the station. Where is this place you mentioned?” Ren became strangely quiet. He was needlessly pushing back his hair and staring out the front window. Hux knew perfectly well that there was nothing to see out there but mass shadows and the swirling blue of hyperspace – things they’d both seen a thousand times before. “Are you ever planning on answering me?” Ren shrugged, forcing a casual affectation. “It’s… I don’t remember now. Just keep going Rimward. We’ll hit something eventually. I’m going to go work on…” He trailed off, gesturing vaguely to the rest of the ship. “What? You can’t be serious. Ren!” Ren was already heading out of the cockpit. Hux let out an incredulous scoff. Ren paced back and forth across the main area. He had no idea what he’d been thinking. No sensible person would agree to traversing across the galaxy to some uncharted planet for, what? Ren pulled the flyer out of his pocket. This? It somehow managed to be even gaudier on the second look. Who knew how much that place had changed over the years – what kind of advanced clusterfuck of clashing madness it had degraded into. “No, I’m telling you, old friend, it’s only gotten better with age. They’ve widened the districts. It’s spread all over the city now. It’s a party the likes of which you can’t even imagine on every street.” The memory of the stranger’s thick accent – of Solo leaning back in his chair, rubbing at his jaw in a familiar look of contemplation – cut uninvited through Ren’s thoughts like an axe. “No. No .” Ren pressed the heels of his palms against his head, forcing the memory back before it could play any farther. They couldn’t go to that planet. Not now. He was not about to lead them somewhere that had so many ghosts lingering at its edges. He wrestled off the heavy hood and scarf and threw them on the couch, knowing full well that Hux would yell at him about it later. He looked at the folded flyer in his hand – glared at it, really – before crushing it in a fist. He swore he would find somewhere to get rid of it. Over a week went by, and Ren had made no further progress on getting rid of the tiny piece of paper that was weighing him down. He kept it in his pocket, continuously telling himself he was going to get rid of it as soon as he found the chance. Whatever reasonable part of his mind there still was kept arguing the risks he’d be taking on both of their lives by going there, the blind faith he’d be stepping out on. Every fiber of his being was telling him it was logically a bad idea. But the thought of it would not let him go. The feelings of foreboding slowly receded themselves somewhere in the back of his mind, making way for something much stronger. A quiet whisper of a thought that managed to drown out the sound of his arguments. A voice that told him this was a chance at everything they’d been looking for. As popular as the festival was in the Outer Rim, it was a planet that was virtually uncharted by the Archives. The flyer didn’t tell you how to get there, just informed those who already knew where it was that it was time to go back. No one would know who they were. No one there would be looking for them. And there was something else. A short flash of an image that had appeared once and never showed itself again, but burned itself into Ren’s consciousness all the same. He didn’t know if it was a vision or just strangely timed optimism on his part. It was Hux, his eyes transfixed on something out in front of them, a look of actual wonder on his face that Ren had never seen on him before. Hux had lived through and seen far too much in his relatively young life under the shadow of the old Empire to be profoundly touched by any kind of wonders of the galaxy. What wonders there did exist out there, chances were Hux had seen them. They had provided beautiful backdrops during the many planetary sieges he had led. It was a harshly contrasting image from the one Ren had been shown – or even from the one he saw every day. As time crawled forward, Hux spent more time in bed again. He didn’t want to talk much anymore. He didn’t want to be touched. Sometimes he’d sit in the main area, doing nothing of particular interest. He’d work on parts of the ship, then just stand there when he finished, looking at the open panel like he was waiting for it to break again and give him something else to do. It took Ren far too long to realize that, to Hux, there was no foreseeable endpoint or reprieve from the meaninglessness of the life they had now. There was nothing to keep him from giving up the fight since there was nothing to fight for. Nothing to work towards. Ren saw him like this, and that image would flash in his head again and again. Hux painted against the night around them by the glow of some faraway fluorescent light, looking alive for the first time in so long. Looking like he was finding something to live for again. Ren waited until Hux fell asleep, then, against everything in him screaming that he was making a mistake, he overrode the navigation system, changing their direction. He wondered if Hux would even notice. Ren certainly did. As they grew closer to the edge of the Outer Rim, things he’d buried far in the past began crawling back to him in greater number. Aged memories of streets and people. Of lights and noise that had unsettled him once in another life, when everything seemed bigger and so much more. Memories of this place where war lords and esteemed, but depraved, galactic diplomats met on equal footing between drinks that exploded into impossible colors. Lights that never went out in a city covered in darkness. In all his young years and all the planets Ren had visited by that point in his life, it had been the first time he’d actually felt like he was on an alien world. Ren hit the side of the auxiliary compartment in irritation. Even this stupid machine was suddenly flooding him with voices and images he had long left for dead. For what was probably hundredth time in an hour, he was silently cursing that goddamn Wookiee for his inefficient skills as a teacher in mechanical repairs. The walking carpet had spent half of the time inadvertently covering the view of the machine parts with his curtain of fur, leaving Ren – Ben – to decipher whatever was happening through muffled Shyriiwook and the occasional sound of clanking. Ren could usually figure out what to do, through what was only the second most dangerous game of trial-and-error he’d ever played, but only based on what he’d learned from Solo. More things he didn’t need to remember right now. Between the flyer and Hux, everything seemed hellbent on crushing Ren in an avalanche of emotional turmoil at the same fucking time. He hit the machine again, then again. He stood up, slamming the panel door shut. A tight pressure kept building and building in his chest. He couldn’t stand it anymore. Picking up the heaviest tool within his reach, he let out a furious yell and swung at the machine casings, bashing at the metal. More animalistic cries escaped him with every resounding hit. He bludgeoned through the metal until his hands bled from catching at the newly formed splintered edges. “These are the things you’ll remember forever, Ben. You could look the rest of your life and never find a place like this again. You gotta experience the galaxy for all its got, otherwise, what’s the point?” Dropping the blood-streaked tool to the floor, Ren let out another scream. With his own hands, he bashed at the metal wall, pleading for the pain that surged up his arms to drown these voices that wouldn’t let him go. His memories were just pieces of information he’d collected once and was finding use for now. He held no attachments to them. They’d meant nothing to Ben Solo – why would they ever mean anything to him now? Ren pulled his hands back from the wall. They were shaking violently with large gashes running across the knuckles and fingers. His chest was heaving, and messy tracks of tears plastered disarrayed strands of hair to his face. He staggered from the room, still staring at his gored hands with unfocused eyes. He stopped walking when he saw Hux standing a few feet in front of him. Hux just looked at him, then down at Ren’s hands, his expression tired but otherwise unreadable. Then he shut his eyes as if he were sending out a small prayer for patience, and turned in the other direction, gesturing for Ren to follow him. Ren did. They ended up in the kitchen area, Hux rustling through one of the cabinets. Ren had the passing thought that he’d probably trailed blood all the way down the hallway. Blood was streaming down to his elbows, dripping small specks on the ground around him. Hux finally gave a pull on something and dragged it from the shelf. It took Ren a second to recognize it as the cheap med box they’d stolen from an unguarded ground transport at one of their first stations. They’d taken a lot from that station. Hux motioned in the impatient way he did most things for Ren to come closer. He reached out for Ren’s hand and led him to the sink. Ren watched him quietly as he washed most of the blood from the wounds then set to sterilizing them with whatever disinfectant he’d found. “We don’t have enough bandages for this level of stupid,” Hux said. “But if this salve isn’t expired and cheap, it should coat over it in about the same way. I guess you know that.” Ren gave a small nod, pulling his hands away when Hux was done, and flexed his fingers a few times. Hux crossed his arms and leaned back against the metal counter behind him. He gave Ren a few more seconds of mindlessly staring at his hands. “I have a question.” “Hm.” It was more of an acknowledging hum than an invitation to continue. Hux continued anyway. He pulled a piece of paper out of his pocket, and Ren looked up. It was rumpled and covered in sharp creases and very, very purple. “What is this?” Hux asked. Ren couldn’t even bring himself to be surprised. “ Kera Mar ,” Hux read off the paper. He looked back at Ren. “What is that?” “Where’d you get that from?” “It was in one of the jackets you keep leaving all over the floor. It’s very hard to miss. What is it?” Ren sighed. Hux wasn’t asking purely out of curiosity. It was his strange attempt at bringing some normalcy to their situation through mindless small talk. In his own way, he must have been as worried for Ren as Ren was for him. For all his abilities, Hux was incredibly incompetent when it came to dealing with the raw emotions of other people, and this seemed to be the best he could think of – conversation. It would have been almost endearing if he’d picked literally any other conversation starter. Ren ran a hand through the back of his hair without thinking. Some strands caught in the still drying salve, and he pulled away. “It’s a city-wide festival that takes place every, I don’t know… five standard years? Something like that. When the planet’s rotation makes them go through three months without their brightest sun. It’s this big deal to some people.” “I’ve never heard of it.” Hux looked at the flyer again. “Though I can imagine the gist of it just from looking at this. I’ve never even heard of this planet. Kera? Where is that?” “Past the Outer Rim.” “The Unknown Region?” “More or less.” Hux’s eyebrows raised. “How do you know this? Is this where you were wanting us to go?” “I’m only answering one of those questions.” “It is, isn’t it? This is why the ship has been going more Southward than I set it to. This is… rather out of character for you. Can I go back to my first question?” Ren shook his head. “Forget it.” He stepped forward and moved Hux to the side so he could reach the shelves behind him. “You haven’t eaten since yesterday.” It wasn’t a question, and Hux didn’t respond. He hung back and watched Ren set to work. Hux could tell he was agitated from the way he was overusing the Force to move things around. He had more control of himself that way. Hux had trained him to do that when he was getting moody so he wouldn’t slam things and cause more dents and loud banging in the ship than was strictly necessary. He’d forgotten a container of some kind of spice just floating aimlessly in the air, like he was holding it without thinking. He was a mess to watch. “Why?” Hux asked. “Why what?” “You changed our directions. You’re obviously set on us going there. Why?” “You said we’d stay a week somewhere when we found the planet for it.” “And this is that planet?” Hux let out a dry laugh. “Drinking yourself under the table is one way to forget your troubles, I guess.” “Hux-” “You know we can’t go there. I mean, you must realize that. If it’s as well-known as you claim it is, I can’t even imagine the sheer size of something like that. People from all over the galaxy would be there. We’re wanted men, in case you’ve forgotten. We can’t go traipsing off to some festival on a whim. We walk in there, we might as well be surrendering ourselves.” Ren turned to him, abandoning whatever he’d been working on. The container of spice dropped, and Hux glanced at it as it rolled across the floor. “We’re not going for the festival!” Ren said, drawing Hux’s attention back. “We’re taking advantage of it. Between the chaotic mess of the festival itself and the three-month long darkness, we’ll disappear. No one will know who we are. No one cares . It’s beyond the reach of the Republic, and no one cares about the drama of politics. Most of them are smugglers or wanted criminals themselves anyway. Not to mention, half of the city will be too intoxicated to notice us.” Ren had no idea where all of this conviction was coming from. Not ten minutes ago, his indecision was splitting his knuckles apart. “A city full of drunk criminals is a very tempting prospect.” Ren was losing his patience. “Do you want to get off this ship or not?” he yelled. “Of course I want to get off this ship,” Hux yelled right back. “What kind of question is that? I want it torn to pieces so I never have to look at it again.” “Then this is our chance! Why can’t you understand that? Why do you have to make everything a fucking fight?” “Because I’m scared, Ren. Can you understand that?” Ren opened his mouth to say something, then shut it again. He hadn’t expected that. From the flush in Hux’s face, he hadn’t either, but he’d never been one to back out once he’d started something. “I feel so human right now,” he continued. “So vulnerable and human, and I can’t stand it. I’ve never been so out of my own control before. I’ve never… not understood myself like this. I want off this godforsaken ship, but I’m terrified to leave. Every second we spend planetside, I’m waiting for someone to pick us off.” He let out another empty laugh. “If leaving the First Order has taught me anything, it’s that I’m a coward. When you take away the thousands upon thousands of trained soldiers and weapons and durasteel walls, this is what’s left. A coward who refuses to face the consequences of what he’s done with any kind of dignity.” Hux had no idea why he’d felt compelled to say any of that, but it was out there now. “Would you say something already?” he said, feeling the sides of his face heating up the longer Ren just stared at him. “Alright.” Ren looked down, supposedly to give himself a second to think, then he noticed the container and Force lifted it off the ground. He set it on the counter. “First off, we’re going to Kera. We’re getting you off this ship. Even if we have to stay holed up in a room somewhere the entire time, you’re getting off this ship and staying off for as long as possible.” “Ren…” “I’ll take it apart myself if I have to just so we can waste time putting it back together. And secondly, once you’ve had a Skannbult Likker, you will be in no presence of mind to be worried about anything other than forming basic sentences.” Hux blinked. “I’m sorry, a what? I thought we weren’t going for the sake of getting drunk.” “I said it wasn’t the point of us going. That doesn’t mean it’s not going to happen.” “That’s very optimistic of you.” “Yeah, well, you take it where you can find it.” “Apparently.” Ren stepped closer and took Hux’s face in his hands. “Look at me.” Hux did, with obvious reluctance. “We’re going to get off this ship, and we’re going to be fine. No one can touch us. Not the Republic, not… Snoke. No one.” “You know that’s not true.” “ It is . The worst that could happen is we’re stabbed by a wayward drunk who confused us for those bastards who just took off with his gambling money. There are worse ways to go.” Hux tried to stifle a smile. “Is this you being convincing?” “I don’t know. Is it working?” Hux reached forward, grabbing the end of Ren’s shirt and tugging him closer. “It must be.” He all but fell into him, burying his face in the crook of Ren’s neck and gripping at the back of his shirt. Ren circled his arms around Hux. “We’re going to be okay,” he whispered against Hux’s hair. Hux didn’t believe that, but, if only for right now, he was willing to pretend like he did. If this was how they died, so be it. They couldn’t run forever. What was a bigger fuck you to everyone chasing them than them being found while acting like normal people? Like they had the audacity to try and live a life while they were supposed to be on the run. Like they had no fear over whatever was to come. Hux liked the thought of that. “I’m supposed to be making food for you,” Ren whispered, after a few moments. Hux tightened his grip. “Don’t you dare move." Notes: They will actually be on the planet by the start of the next chapter. foresthime.tumblr.com Notes: Being as I'm making all of this up as I go, the rating and tags might change. It's a surprise for all of us. foresthime.tumblr.com