Behind the Rest In the first five years of his life, nothing had ever really been clear for Hux. not a lot of things about his upbringing had made sense to him, and his parentage was always a confusing topic. the only thing that Hux could really remember about his mother was how beautiful she was. perhaps his opinion was a biased one, because she had raised him so well, or perhaps it was the mind of a child enhancing and shaping what he could no longer remember. His mother had been a loyal fighter for the resistance, and so Hux was the result of a shameful one night stand. She knew that his biological father would not want a thing in the world to do with him, and so he was raised by another man, who Hux would believe was his rightful father, She could only have hoped that he wouldn't grow up to question his lack of likeness to his adoptive father, otherwise that may have been a very complicated discussion. she had often gone out to complete missions when Hux was growing up, always coming back to tell stories about it and have a three year old Hux on the edge of his seat in excitement. He definitely looked up to her, and she could look past the fact that Hux wasn't strong or big and tall. Because he was her son, of course. his adoptive father definitely viewed things differently, making sure hux knew he was weak and trying his best to teach hux how to defend himself from an incredibly young age. Hux had been selected pretty late, considering most Force sensitive individuals were tested and chosen in their first three years of life, Hux was nearly two years behind everybody else in that respect, but his father insisted, and his father’s word was always final. And a few weeks before he’d had to leave, his mother had come back with news of another mission that she would have to complete, being so little and naive at the time, he hadn't understood how dangerous it could be, even when she explained in the most simple of ways, he was still sure that she’d come and visit. He’d actually been pretty excited at the prospect of training to be a Jedi, it was so cool. But what Hux didn’t know was that his midichlorian count was actually only just high enough for him to be accepted, and his father had done a lot of the persuading for him. The man had wanted for Hux to learn how to get stronger. The redhead was excited to make friends and get stronger, because if anything, he definitely wasn’t strong in his Force abilities now. Of course, he knew how to defend himself and he actually knew a fair bit about manual combat, and was pretty strong for somebody so tiny. That was all his adoptive father’s doing, though. He’d put hux through his paces when he was growing up. The school and the other nineteen students in his youngling cluster definitely intimidated Hux,he was tiny and the building was imposing, with its high rise ceilings and massive rooms, it made the boy feel even more small than he was. All of the others were without a doubt taller and probably stronger than him, his robes nearly buried him and the others fitted them perfectly. The group was full of blonde, brown and black hair, but nobody even bore a likeness to Hux’s face full of freckles and unruly mess of bright red hair. He stuck out like a sore thumb with his smaller frame and freckle-dotted skin. But despite being intimidated in the most innocent of ways by just about everything, Hux was still in good spirits that he’d eventually make friends. Despite sitting and eating by himself for the first week or so of his training, he’d always been smiling and running around whenever he could, because if he didn’t have his high spirits and his little bursts of energy, he wouldn’t have had much else. In his time without many people to speak to, Hux, despite his young age, had been observant and noticed another boy who sat alone too. He didn’t seem to talk to anybody other than Luke. Hux really did want to approach him a few times and make friends with him, but he probably enjoyed being by himself. And Hux, tiny ginger Hux was slightly intimidated by the boy. He was by far the tallest in the cluster and carried a somewhat mysterious air about him, probably accentuated by the dark hair and pale skin. Hux himself was at least a head shorter than the mysterious boy and that in itself was enough to deter him from making the first move towards a possible friendship. Hux had also observed that the boy only smiled when Luke was around, and when the two were talking. His smile completely ruined the mysterious air that he sported. It was warm and kind and bore a certain similarity to Luke’s. It was no secret that the tallest boy was his nephew, in fact, Luke had even stated it explicitly in their induction of sorts. But aside from speaking with Luke, the dark haired mystery boy didn’t even interact with anybody else, not in their first weeks anyway. When their first manual combat class commenced, Hux still hadn’t made any friends, but it still didn’t still didn’t deter him from trying to and being so energetic and so happy. The younglings had to line up in height order, and so Hux was right at the end of the line, by far the smallest of the twenty in the room. And the boy who he’d been concentrating on all week was right at the other end, looking very far away indeed. Hux had proved to be struggling with his Force abilities last week, and even though he put it down to himself not discovering his potential as early as his peers, this class would be a breath of fresh air for the boy, who was also excited to show off how strong he could be in different ways. Once all the shuffling had stopped and the cluster had lined up, Luke began to talk. “Good morning to all of you.” The whole of the class responded at the same time with a similar greeting, some mumbling and others shouting just to make sure they were heard. “Very enthusiastic! A very loud good morning to you too. Now, this first class of manual combat is for you all to display how strong you are without the influence of the force. We’ll work together to improve your reflexes and defences, and- Ben!” The class all looked down to the end of the line, and back to Luke, who’s hood had been pulled over his head by the boy at the end, Ben. Well, at least if Hux wanted to approach him now, he knew his name. Ben giggled, and Luke chuckled fondly as he pulled his hood back down. “As I was saying, by the end of your training, this particular course will help you to build up a second line of defence, should you be disarmed in battle.” Luke gave the younglings a few seconds to discuss that between themselves, a little hum between friends about how excited they were, Hux and Ben stayed quiet, keeping their thoughts to themselves. “For this class, you will need to pick a partner. If when I finish talking, you don’t feel the force guiding you, that’s alright. Just try to pick a partner who is a similar height to you, so neither will be at a disadvantage.” Students then began to look around the room at the respective partners who they were perhaps being pulled towards, others scouting out friends of similar dimensions when they didn’t feel a bond. “It’s excellent that some of you are already finding your partners, I’ll give you all a few minutes to sort it out among yourselves. If you can, let the force guide you.” Luke smiled after that, and waved his hand to dismiss the students. Hux stood for a few seconds, wavering and looking slowly around the room. Everybody was already beginning to move towards their partners and Hux was going to be left without one if he didn’t hurry up. And just when he was looking for somebody as small as him, he felt a prickle along the back of his neck and stopped dead, gulping quietly. It didn’t hurt, but it was there and he definitely noticed it. Hux looked around for whoever was responsible, things like that didn’t just happen . The redhead looked up and eventually across the length of the large room. Ben was the only other person who hadn’t moved towards anybody. Well, actually he hadn’t moved at all and that lead Hux to wonder if he was responsible. Before he thought anymore about it, he found himself walking over to the taller boy, not all of his own accord. Hux remembered Luke’s guidance from just a few minutes ago and allowed the force to guide him over to Ben. He walked slowly and looked around as he did. It felt like it took an age just to get over to Ben, Hux did have little legs, afterall. The smallest boy in the room then cleared his throat quietly and looked up at Ben, before raising a hand and tugging on his robes gently to get his attention. It was almost like ben was concentrating on something else and waiting for his partner to come to him, or something like that anyway. Just as the taller boy turned to look down at Hux, Luke spoke again. “It seems as if all of you are paired up! Bow to your partners, take your stance and begin when you’re both ready. No intentional contact just yet, it isn’t a competition.” Chapter 2 : Formalities Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben had never considered himself to be a friendly child. In fact, he'd never really considered himself at all, let alone in comparison to another person his age. He was tall, sure, and kind of pale; that much he was aware of, but he'd never felt the need to compare before. Now, looking down at this freckled mass of red hair, barely up to his shoulder in height, he couldn't help himself. This child was new to the group. Ben knew that and only that about him and hadn't really considered bothering to know anything else, but Ben was intrigued the moment this other child pulled at his sleeve. He'd been waiting for a sign, a partner to choose him or the force to guide him, but all it had said was "stay still", so he had. He had stayed still; and along came this tiny, fierce-eyed boy, looking up at him with bright eyes so full of hope he'd almost had to shield his own dark ones from them, wordlessly asking to be his training partner. He'd seen other the boy- rather, he'd felt him approach, from all the way on the other side of the room, like a magnet to the pole. Master Luke was talking already, telling them to get on with training in the tired way he had of speaking, but Ben was troubled. He'd said their partners should be about equal to them in height and skill, but he knew this little boy beside him was short and new and untrained, and he didn't want to hurt him. He didn't really want to train with anyone for that exact reason; he had a habit of taking things too far and someone always ended up in tears. Usually, Ben would be left until last and ended up training with Master Luke, which was easier. Hand-to-hand combat training was always fun, though, if you pulled your punches. The class may have consisted of children aged 4-6 but they all knew what they were doing when you set them on eachother. Ben knew how to hold back, and he had already decided he was going to have to, even as he gave an unsure little half-smile to the boy opposite him. "Ben Solo." Ben stated, offering his hand to shake, arm stretched so tightly it was as if he had no elbow at all. The red haired boy laughed a little at the formality and it lit up his face so brightly it made Ben smile too, and he decided that this boy was going to be his friend whether either of them liked it or not. "I'm Hux." The little one offered in return, shaking Ben's hand firmly. "Just Hux?" "Just Hux." Master Luke seemed to notice that they were the only pair not actually training and shouted over to them to get a move on or they'd both have to miss lunch to train with him instead. Ben rolled his eyes and Hux laughed again, making Ben grin stupidly wide. "Alright," Ben started, nodding and holding his head up importantly, "I'll put my hands out and you punch them as hard as you can, okay?" Little Hux nodded eagerly, seemingly eager to show off, so Ben braced himself dramatically and held out both of his small, pale palms towards this new and interesting boy and nodding once to signal he was ready. What he wasn't expecting was to stagger backwards, feeling his palms sting against the force of the tiny fists flying at his hands. He heard Master Luke laughing from somewhere behind him, but he wasn't sure whether it was at the two of them, or someone else entirely. Ben tried not to look too shocked, but it was clear from the grin spreading across Hux's face that he had failed miserably. They swapped, and Ben was happy to find that his own punches caused a little reaction in the smaller boy, too. They seemed to be evenly matched despite all their physical differences. Hux was small but stocky, and knew how to use his size to his advantage, so when they began sparring in earnest, Ben was having to actually work for once. That training session was by far the most intense Ben had ever been subjected to; before, forced to pull punches or kicks or feign a hit to give his training partner time to catch up, the young boy was now forced to dodge and spin and jump out of the reach of the little punching machine that the Force had decided would be his partner. He was out of breath, sweating in his tiny robes, hands on his knees and looking up only to find Hux in a similar state, laying back on the floor and panting, hazel eyes wide open and impossibly bright in the cold grey of the natural outdoor light. Ben didn't notice all these details for now, though. He'll remember them of course, many years from now, but in this moment the five year old boy just sees a friend - an equal - on the floor in the same state of exhaustion as Ben himself, and he's just so happy to have someone to train with that he doesn't know what to do with himself. He starts by trotting over to his new friend and offering him a hand to get off the floor, lifting the small, flushed little boy up and already planning in his head what he's going to have for lunch after this, and what he'd be willing to share with Hux at the table Ben had occupied alone for the past months he's been on this planet - the table that is now, and shall remain forever their table in Ben's young mind. Hux is already chatting away about how cool everything is here, and Ben is listening eagerly and offering his vast amount of knowledge on the history and purpose of this building to fill in gaps and impress Hux as they all file back into the building to tidy themselves up. Ben nods to Master Luke as he leaves, receiving a smile and a small nod of approval from his uncle and feeling a jolt of pride in his little heart. Notes: Guess who's back with a brand new rap (and I don't mean rap as in a new Homestu-) Teaming up with my buddy Lee on this one with alternating chapters, it's gonna be a wild ride. (I know I haven't written as much, but that's because Lee's better than me) xo forever and always, Teryn