I've found someone When the unthinkable happened, Hux had been having a good day. He should have known, of course, that good days only lead into bad instances. That’s the way of the universe. But the General didn’t believe in that sort of thing. He was about to believe in a lot of things that he did not prior. He was standing on the bridge for the early morning shift, as he always was. Early morning was, if the statistical reports were to be trusted (of course they were, Hux wrote them himself), the most likely time for error. People, just woken from their sleep shift, groggy or too wired on caf, made mistakes. This was fact. So, in that light, Hux took the early morning shift to minimize error. He was never off center at this time, seeing as he almost never slept. His mind always had wheels spinning, as they were now. His eyes slid over to an officer at a navigation console. “Correct our course.” Her head snapped up from being bent over her cup. Typical. “Sir?” He didn’t sigh, but he wanted to. “We just passed near a black hole, unless you’d like to visit?” She blinked, and her cheeks reddened in obvious humiliation. “Of course not sir, I’ll correct now.” “Good.” He wasn’t usually this discourteous, but the early crowd had to be quickly whipped into shape before they did something stupid. Like steer them into a black hole. He watched her rapidly type with his head still angled forwards, and when he was satisfied he shifted his eyes front again. Staring out into the vastness of space was something he enjoyed while on the bridge. It wasn’t often they weren’t in hyperspace, and so being able to search the blackness for the blue shine of a star or the red of a planet wasn’t something he got to do as often as he liked. Recently, they’d been out of hyperspace more frequently, simply drifting with minimum force towards the next resupply station. From his last audience with the Supreme Leader, he knew it was because he had been planning. Hux could plan as well, and in this unfortunate downtime had been planning out the invasion tactics necessary to take over three or four of the planets closer to the Outer Rim, farthest from New Republic assistance. At his next audience he would casually suggest them. They could hyperjump over, sweep the planets, and be back towards the resupply in less than a week. This lull in progress grated on Hux. No one won a war with inaction. Nonetheless, the choice wasn’t up to him, and until it was he would be content with planning out the next few months. Or years. The inaction had really been quite irritating. The bridge was silent for several minutes, not even the tap of keys to break the calm. The general contentedly swept his eyes around the black curtain ahead, looking for the interspersed spots of brighter light he knew existed from studying holo star maps. One of the doors to the bridge then hissed open and closed. Two or three souls awake enough to care looked back towards the source, and stiffened in their chairs. There was only one person other than himself that could make the officers that uncomfortable, Hux mused. Normally he would ignore the presence of the black-clad man-child, but he was in a good mood this morning. Besides, he had the whole day ahead to make up for a negative encounter, what was the worst that could happen? “To what do we owe the pleasure, Lord Ren?” It was hard to still put the title on his name, after he had destroyed so many rooms. He swallowed down the small bubble of bile-filled anger. Nothing got him worked up faster than pointless resource loss. He heard the clang of heavy boots against the metal floors as Kylo Ren came up next to him. Hux straightened his shoulders, unconsciously stiffening his military stance. “The battle droids need to be replaced.” Ren stated without preamble. “And why is that?” asked Hux. Those droids had been upgraded less than a standard month ago, and Captain Phasma had only trained one group of new Stormtroopers in that time. The bile rose slightly. “They are weak, and their defense against bladed weapons is lacking. Replace them.” “Excuse me, Ren,” Hux said tightly, dropping the honorific in his anger, “I must inform you that those droids are not for your use. ” “Everything on this ship is for my use.” replied Ren, tilting his head slightly down and towards the General. The bile rose higher in Hux’s throat. Not only was the little brat breaking his ship’s equipment again, he had to say so here, unabashed, in front of his officers. Who were all trying very hard to look busy. “It isn’t.” Hux hissed, tightening his hands around his wrists, still clasped behind his back, until they ached. “If you would like droids to train with, I will order new ones with new programming. Stay out of the Stormtrooper training rooms.” “I don’t want my own droids,” said Ren, turning his head fully. The chrome of his stupid helmet glinted in the glow from the holoscreen in front of them. “I want yours to work properly. Your troopers should be trained against bladed weapons and--” Hux cut in, breaking his stance to turn towards Ren and glare up into his eyeshield. “No. You will not presume to tell me how to train my troops. Their training is perfect . Captain Phasma is well equipped to direct it, not you , who can’t seem to keep a handle on his own weapon.” A hush dropped over the room. It was still for a half minute in the wake of the General’s insult. The fact that Lord Ren had, for lack of a better word, tantrums that wrecked whole rooms on the ship was a secret that everyone knew. Nobody dared speak of it, even if they were assigned to clean it up, or order the repairs. In the ensuing silence, Hux felt a weird pressure on his skull. As if it was the beginnings of a migraine, pressing in at one of his temples. His eyes narrowed at the helmet that supposedly hid Ren’s real face behind it. He wasn’t Force sensitive himself, but he had been trained, professionally and on his own, in what it felt like. “How dare you.” By the tone of his voice through the vocoder, Hux could swear that Ren was smirking. “As I said, General, everything on this ship is for my use.” Hux clenched his jaw, remembering his training on how to combat the mental attack of a Force user. Ren wasn’t really trying, he knew that, but he had to put up a good fight to dissuade him from it in the future. He imagined his mind as a solid space, and threw up walls around it of frosted transparisteel. He felt as if the pressure turned into a tap against the wall, and the vague emotion that came with laughter was impressed upon him. “Cute, General.” That tore it. He imagined the walls pressing out, to envelop the tapping force as that force sharpened and drilled inward. It was painful like a true migraine, and he grimaced openly. Ren was clearly winning, and he didn’t want to pass out on the bridge. But, he noticed, the Knight’s shoulders had pulled in, just a little, almost imperceptible through his cape. They now sat closer to where his ears would be. Was he...struggling? Bolstered, he pushed harder, closing the walls tightly around the intruding force like a snake squeezing prey and crept it backwards towards the mind controlling it. Ren let out a quiet breath of effort, almost unheard through the vocoder. The pain in Hux’s head became almost unbearable as the drill of force pressed against it with razor sharp intent, but he wouldn’t back down. From outside their mental space, it looked as if the two were just staring at each other very hard, bodies tensed from head to toe. The stalemate held for several more seconds, when Hux felt a ripping sensation in his brain. It was hands down the most painful experience of his life. He became nauseous and extremely dizzy in the same millisecond that a sense of vertigo overtook him hard. His vision blacked out and before consciousness left him he distantly heard the same navigational officer he’d reprimanded yelling “Sir!”. He did not feel himself hitting the ground. Chapter 2 : Who makes me feel seasick Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) As Hux swam up through the murk of his own mind, his vision came in fuzzy blinks. There was a lot of movement above him, and he felt as if his body was moving through space. Not gently, but quickly, like he was in a TIE fighter ejection seat. He heard a voice above, female, and very distorted. “We’re taking you to medbay, my Lord.” My lord? Hux wasn’t Emperor yet, he chuckled internally. It was a nice gesture though. He didn’t think medbay liked him very much, often sending troopers in from battles with injuries almost out of their abilities to treat. Good to know he was respected. He blinked blearily. Why was everything so dark? He tried to move his arm to feel at his face, but a nurse held it down. Ah well, after a brief check in at medbay he’d feel better. He let himself be swallowed by the dark lake in his mind again. ------------------ Ren fought unconsciousness like a circus tiger fought the whip. He thrashed violently in his own mind, tearing off the clinging dark that wanted him to stay under. Slowly, his frontal lobe processes started functioning. He opened his eyes as quickly as his sluggish thoughts would allow. Focusing, he recognized the fluorescent lights of the medbay. He'd been here several times before, returned from missions and battles where he had not been aware enough to say no. That said, there was a hard standing order that no one but droids worked on him. Which is why he was confused that out of the corner of his eye he could see Captain Phasma and a short male doctor. No one on the Finalizer could be considered out of shape, but this man was pushing it with his burly, potbellied frame. “Why am I here Phasma.” he demanded, scowled at the sound of his voice. It was gravely, more whispered than anything, and didn’t have the muted effect of his helmet. It didn't sound much like him at all. He'd overdone it, that much was obvious. Phasma removed her helmet. Kylo had never seen her face before, having only first met her half a standard year ago. She was a busy captain, taking on more work than her station required. Reports all read to him that she took immense pride in her duties and the Stormtrooper program. Her short blonde hair dropped over a sky blue eye, strands slightly damp. “Sir,” she began in a sigh, “you engaged in a...disagreement.” “I remember that.” he rasped. “Very good.” she continued, unperturbed by the interruption, “You both collapsed and did not recover promptly, and were rushed to medbay. It's been one hour. All your vitals are normal.” Kylo was silent and looked back at his legs, currently covered by a white medical blanket. He turned back at the giant woman, who was carrying a datapad under her arm. She glanced down at it. “I brought this for you.” “Let me see the footage.” he laid back against the stack of pillows behind his head, closed his eyes and held his hand out for the datapad. Phasma sighed again and tapped around the pad, and then handed it over. Kylo needed only to press play. He watched the exchange from the surprisingly clear recording and took the video down to 1/16 speed to watch the several seconds before he was knocked unconscious. Both him and Hux, he observed, had looked clearly in discomfort. Kylo himself had felt some pain, which he had used to further fuel his attack. Then, there was a full body shudder from them both, originating from their necks, their bodies leaned toward one another briefly, and he saw the General's eyes close as they went boneless and dropped to the hard floor. He only remembered a very brief immense pain, directly before he lost consciousness. To the credit of the General’s officers, several immediately rose from their seats to assist him and Kylo, while others called medical and the Colonel on duty took over bridge control. He watched them scramble for several seconds before the feed ended and the screen went dark. Kylo froze. He then blinked, leaned forward, studying the black screen. “Sir?” Phasma asked, but Kylo didn’t hear her. The fact was, as he currently saw it in the mirror of the datapad, he was not looking at his own face. He was looking at General Hux’s. A further observation, as he flipped over the pad, engraved on the back with the symbol of the First Order and two stripes underneath, he was holding Hux’s datapad. What in the Force was going on here. “Is this a joke?” he said, more to himself than Phasma, and was horrified to realize his voice held a distinct accent that wasn’t obvious through the rasp. “No, General,” replied Phasma, and Kylo almost jumped out of his skin in shock. She raised an eyebrow. “It is as the security video shows.” The Captain looked at the doctor, having to put her chin almost to her chest to meet his eyes. “Thank you, you may go.” The doctor nodded wordlessly and left, the door sliding shut behind him. “Hux,” her voice was softer, “you don’t have to tell me what happened, but are you--” “No.” he held a hand up quickly, almost ripping out the IV in the crook of his elbow. He took a second to stare at the spindly fingers, nails close cropped with long nail beds as opposed to his true hands that had short square nails. Every look at his-- Hux’s --body was a new shock, and he was slowly becoming emotionally off balance to a dangerous degree. Ignoring any further words from Phasma, he grabbed the IV out of his arm and swung his legs over the side of the bed, stubbornly not looking at his feet as they hit the frigid floor. Thankfully, he was still wearing the General’s ridiculous pants and shirt, though his sleeves had been rolled up. He took two steps to the door and felt something roll down his arm. He growled, a sound that rumbled in his chest much less than normal. Of course, Hux was a bleeder. He stalked back, grabbed gauze and tape, and stalked out. ---------- Hux woke slowly, a pleasant deviation from his normal routine. The gentle beeping of the vital sensors was what pulled him from sleep. He listened, hearing no other noises to betray the presence of another person. Reluctant to open his eyes yet, he felt around his arm, feeling a needle and a thin tube, taped down. His veins felt raised, but likely the IV was the culprit. The General smiled wryly. Not surprising they stuck an IV in, he was likely quite lacking in nutrients. Phasma was always gently chiding him to eat more regularly. And sleep more. And go outside more. To which he generally replied, with a sly smile, ‘Into space?’. Which was generally when she ribbed him. It wasn't often he reminisced on his unlikely friendship with the Captain. She had been an ally, rising through the ranks with him in some ways, and they had been stationed on the same ships, few as they had been, for three years now. They worked out the kinks in his Stormtrooper program together. Her advice was almost always valued. Such facts made it strange then that she wasn't currently here. Hux knew her schedule completely, and she had no pressing matters today. He had believed he was important enough to her for her to be present in this unexpected event. Maybe not. He frowned and opened his eyes. He almost immediately closed them again, the lights almost blinding. His head began to pound gently near his temples. Idiot Ren. He would have to have a discussion with Snoke during his next audience. He could deal with the man wrecking his ship. That only cost credits and some time. Could manage his rude, undermining remarks. But trying to break into his mind? Him, the operator and final word on the Finalizer ? A man who held equal or greater rank to Ren, if Ren even fit anywhere in the hierarchy? Unacceptable. He put a hand to his forehead, covering his eyes, making sure not to inadvertently move the IV. His hand was warmer than normal. Was he getting a fever? Why did his hand feel so rough? He must have skipped moisturizer these last few days. The cold of space sunk into the ship, and dried his skin terribly. Just another joy of living on a spaceship. He was still lying there when the door opened and the sound of feet came into the room. They were slapping hard against the floor, and Hux scrunched his nose. Noisy people were very irritating, and Ren was always noisy. He put two and two together and waved his hand lazily towards the sound of the feet. “Get up.” Well that sounded strange, and certainly not like Ren. Had he been incorrect? There was no possibility a doctor would be so rude if they valued their place on the ship, literally. Disrespect of that caliber could, and had in the past, lead to someone getting put out of an airlock. Hux had never done so directly. Supposedly it was horrid to watch. “Clearly I’m ill,” he said and goodness, he must be if he sounded like that. He sounded like he’d been smoking for years, and going through puberty at the same time. He frowned. “Gen--” the voice started, then huffed, “Lord Ren, this is very serious. Get. Up.” Hux was so surprised he actually laughed “Oh, I thought you were talking to me. Is that mind-accosting moron in here too?” By gods he really sounded awful. He removed the hand from his eyes, turned his head towards the door and opened them. They took a few seconds to focus. It took a few more seconds, shockingly slow, to process the image. He narrowed his eyes dangerously. “Who are you.” “General Hux, you idiot. Get up, I need to speak with you. Now.” The man that looked to be General Hux walked to the cot, smacking buttons to turn off the machine behind him and fiddling the needle from his arm with the barest level of care. Hux shot an arm out to strike the imposter, but his speed was embarrassingly slowed with fatigue and the imposter slapped it out of the way easily. He took Hux’s arm and almost dragged him from the cot, the sheet sliding to the floor. Hux was so confused at this point he almost forgot to fight back. He let himself be pulled from the room, easily keeping up with the 6’1” man ahead. Actually, he could somewhat see above the imposter’s head. Seems they got the height incorrect, short by a couple inches. As he was half dragged down a hallway, he glanced down, catching view of his legs which were very clearly not in his regulation trousers. Instead they were clothed in a rougher black material, folded on the sides to create ironed down pleats. “What in blazes,” he said, then looked at his arm. Which was darker and thicker than he expected it to be. And bleeding from the IV puncture. “What in…” he began again, then stupidly followed up with “I’m bleeding.” “You’re fine. It’ll stop soon.” replied the man with his face. They turned a corner and came face to face with a door. The Hux imposter stopped abruptly, almost sending the real Hux crashing into him before pulling up short. The man slapped his hand to the print scanner. It made an annoying error sound and flashed red. He growled, and grabbed Hux’s hand, pressed it roughly to the scanner. It beeped with a green flash and the door slid open. Hux saw little of the room, lit by a barely adequate amount of light, too busy staring at his own hand. What should have been his hand. But the shape was all wrong. The fingers too wide with bulky knuckles and the veins and tendons stood out sharply against pale, but not inhumanly (like his own) pale, skin. “Look at me.” The imposter demanded. Hux did, feeling slightly nauseous. He gathered back up enough of his wits to ask “What the kriff is going on here? Who are you and why am I here? You realize I will be noticed missing shortly and there are cameras everywhere not to mention I can likely kill you very quickly unless there are many more of you,” He’d planned to continue the vaguely threatening ramble but the imposter waved his hand impatiently. “General, listen to me. There was an accident when we were on the bridge.” “We?” Hux broke in, looking incredulous. “Who the hell are you then?” “I’ve been trying to tell you,” said the man, looking increasingly angry, his voice dropping low. “I’m Kylo Ren. And you are me.” Hux paused, screwed his eyes shut, tried to calm the pounding in his head, and said “Excuse me?” The man grit his teeth and spoke through them. “I am. Kylo. Ren. And you. Are in. My body. Do you understand?” Hux snorted. “You’re insane is what I understand.” The man calling himself Ren let out an exasperated, angry sound and whirled around, stomping over to a wall. He pressed a button, and a short dresser slid out. He grabbed a hand mirror from its surface and stomped back over. Hux had to say this man did certainly act like Ren. He was deeply amused by his own thought until the man held the mirror up. Then he became very serious very quickly. “Oh no.” Notes: As a quick note, I use the break line to switch between POV's in a single chapter. Chapter 3 : So many skills Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It took over twenty minutes to get Hux to sit down and speak to him in full sentences. The man went into a sort of panic attack, going silent after snatching the mirror from Kylo’s hands. He stared into it for a full five minutes before putting it gently down on the nearby desk. He then began to pace, a tight short line, turning on his heel when he came up to the wall on either side of the room. It made his-- Kylo’s --hair fly out around him, and for a short while Kylo was mesmerized by it. It wasn’t often you got to look at yourself from a third person perspective. But pacing like that, while likely menacing with the thin frame and hard lines of the General’s body, looked ridiculous with Kylo’s more broad shoulders and long legs. He heard Hux muttering, a deep rumble in Kylo’s throat, and he asked “What are you doing?” “Thinking.” was the short reply, then Hux went silent again. Kylo was patient for another ten minutes or so before getting irritated and practically forcing the General into a chair. The manhandling seemed to snap him to attention. “What has happened. I don’t know much about your weird magic so speak clearly. I don’t care much about the how, I quite honestly want to know how fast you can fix it.” Kylo took a large breath, steeling himself for the frustrating and possibly violent discussion. Hux was not going to like what he had to say. He looked down at his lap, once again taking in the strange flare of the pants, and then back up into his own face. “I’m not entirely clear on the mechanics of this event. It is known that some of the most powerful Sith lords could move their consciousness into new bodies and snuff out the previous occupant, effectively making them immortal. No recorded data has been found on how, it’s mostly verbal legend. It is possible that, through our struggle to push each other away through the force, we passed through and followed the mental line into each other instead.” “Immovable force, unstoppable object, all that, yes I understand. Let's do it again.” Kylo pulled his eyebrows in, the back of his mind marveling at the tightness of Hux’s skin. “What?” “Are you deaf? Let’s do it again. Form another mental link or whatever nonsense and switch back. Preferably soon, seeing as several doctors just saw me drag you out of medbay and will certainly come looking.” “General,” began Kylo, slowing his speech and drawing out the words. “We almost died the first time. Doing it now, in a weakened mental and physical state, would finish the job.” Hux’s accent was much more pronounced when he spoke slowly, covered as it was by rasp of his dry throat. He got up, partly to get water and partly to get away from Hux, who was looking more murderous by the second as the information processed. He pulled a single glass from the sink, washing it out and filling it from the tap. “It would be prudent, as well, to study the event more, meditate, and make sure of the workings of the Force in this situation before attempting to switch back.” He gulped down the water in one go, and refilled the glass. Kylo chanced a glance back at himself, swallowing down the flutter rising from his stomach. He didn’t like looking at his own face, hence why his room had no mirrors. His face said ‘Ben’. In his glance he noticed his lightsaber, still strapped to his belt. He held a hand out, willing it to him from across the small room. Nothing happened. Hux had been about to open his mouth to say something, likely extremely rude and demanding, but was cut off by the sound of the glass crashing back into the sink. It didn't shatter, but the cacophony of the glass versus metal was enough to silence him. Kylo gripped the edge of the sink hard, the blood draining from his knuckles, managing to make Hux’s already pale skin even whiter. Kylo took deep breaths, trying to calm his heart, beating at rabbit speed. Hux recovered his words. “What the hell is wrong with you? At least you understand what's going on with your ‘Connection to the Force’.” he air quoted, looking vaguely disgusted. “I don’t have it.” “What.” --------------- They sat in silence for several minutes, Hux clenching his hands and loosening them repeatedly until he noticed the action and forced himself to stop. The movement had been strangely soothing but it wasn’t in Hux’s nature to fidget. Kylo continued to breathe deeply, hunched over the sink. “Explain.” demanded Hux. Silence. “Explain.” said Hux again, forcing steel into Kylo’s voice. A few more breaths passed before Kylo spoke. “I...overreacted. My connection, in your body, is...weak. This is a concern regarding our possible attempt to switch back. If I cant even…” he started to breath heavily again. Hux clenched his jaw, feeling Kylo’s molars creak uncomfortably. His molars. By the Order, this was confusing. “You need to figure it out,” he said, teeth firmly held together, “you must be able to use the Force still, as I certainly don’t have sudden powers.” Kylo snapped his head sideways to look at him, his expression open in sudden interest. “Have you tried?” “Have I,” began Hux, slowly becoming overwhelmed by the ridiculousness of the situation. He stood slowly, mentally noting how long it seemed to take to get to full height. “have I tried? ” he felt slightly dizzy. “When, pray tell, would I have had time? And why would I want to? I want to get into my own body, not galavant around in yours, showing off your disturbing and unnatural powers!” “My use of the force is entirely natural, it is the energy of the universe.” replied Kylo, surprisingly calm. Hux’s dizziness faded to be replaced with something he rarely felt, and he believed it to be rage. His eyesight dimmed as he glared at Kylo, looking into his own face, so disgustingly unguarded. As his chest began to burn, he wasn’t sure if he was even breathing, nor did he care. “General.” said Kylo. And Hux returned. He looked down, realizing his hand was on the hilt of the lightsaber, a gentle tug away from removing it from its belt hook. A spark of shock ran down his spine and he suddenly gasped in a breath. He sat back down, feeling weak. “It may be prudent for you to give me my weapon.” Hux huffed out a laugh while trying to catch his breath. His hand was still resting on the cool metal. “No.” “No?” “If I’m forced to stay like this, I’ll at least act the part. So, no.” “You’re going to turn it on accidentally.” “I’m not an idiot, Ren. I can find the switch.” Kylo was about to argue further when a rapping came at the door, echoing through the room. “General, sir? Lord Ren?” Hux didn't recognize the voice. “What?” he said irritably. “Lord Ren, sir, medbay is requesting you and General Hux return for a short release check up. The Chief of Medical insists, for your safety.” He sighed, taking full advantage of Ren’s known dramatics. It was obvious the trooper needed to assess the two of them were safe from each other. He removed his hand from the saber and opened the door using the desk panel. Kylo gave him an irritated look. Let him, at least it was closer to Hux’s normal expressions. A small army of stormtroopers were outside, and they piled into the room, splitting without a word to give an equal force to both men. The trooper who spoke waited until the shuffle was over to step in. “We would be happy to escort you both back.” “Of course.” said Hux, but quickly lowered his voice to almost nothing as the words emerged. It wasn’t a very Kylo Ren thing to say. He looked at Kylo, who straightened up from the sink and cleared his throat. “Of course,” he repeated, with a commanding tone, “lead the way.” They led kylo out first, housed in the General’s body and therefore given that respect. Hux followed, and as he walked he settled into the horror that was their situation. He thought to himself, 'I swear on the remains of the Empire, you will fix this or I will personally put you out an airlock, Ren.' He noticed Kylo trip, but thought little of it, and returned to medbay in surly silence. Notes: Okay, so as of 2/23 this is all I have ready to post, but don't fret! More will be coming very shortly. Chapter 4 : That Make Him Distinctive Summary: So sorry all, I was mega sick this past week! I'm getting better, and managed to write enough to throw out a new chapter. Hopefully I'll be able to get to some action-y fun stuff soon, but I really wanted to explore these two in the cerebral way, I think writing about how they think. Enjoy. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It had been two days, two days , in General Hux’s body, and Kylo was going insane. First question, how did Hux deal with all the paperwork? Not to mention the people coming to speak to him at all hours. On the bridge, in the mess hall, in his rooms, in the damn fresher for Vader’s sake. He had already nearly gone on three rampages, but he had no weapon (somehow he couldn’t find Hux’s blaster and hadn’t had the time to really search). Somehow, he’d also been talking himself out of it. What good would it do? He needed to focus, make some time to reconnect to the force, fix this. He sat in Hux’s room, rather, in the front room that was a study/reception room/bar. The General had a surprisingly wide supply of alcohols from across the galaxy. There was a desk of dark metal, shined to a reflective luster, that held two locked drawers and a computer set into the desk itself, complete with a small holoscreen. He had already fiddled with the drawers, knowing he would have to break them to get in. He knew how to pick a lock but he wasn't that good. Kylo sat at the desk, in a wingback chair of black leather. It was difficult to admit, but the General had style, other than his horrid uniform. Which Kylo wore, with great reluctance. Hux's datapad also sat on the desk, placed there two days ago by Kylo after returning from medbay. He had wanted to speak to Hux again, but he’d been suddenly bombarded with officers upon exiting medbay (two hours, really? They couldn't run the ship without Hux for two hours?) And Hux had given him a death glare as if to say ‘You’d better do my job’ before sweeping off in Kylo’s rough robes. He picked up the datapad, turning the compact piece of tech over in his hands. He had the urge to take it apart, piece by piece, in some vindictive display of competence. But wait, why wouldn't he poke around first? He wasn't too deeply interested in the functions of the Finalizer or the First Order at large, but maybe there were some messages worth reading, for later use. He turned on the screen with a couple taps, and came to his first obstacle, the passcode. Kylo halfheartedly tried a few codes, knowing Hux was certainly smart enough not to use them. His birthday, his initials, his home planet and city. He had memorized Hux’s dossier after meeting the man. A ding came from the pad, and a notice saying he had only two more attempts before the pad locked and would have to be taken to technological services. That would be embarrassing. He dropped it back onto the desk with a clatter. He stared at the ceiling, knowing he needed to meditate but avoiding it. What if he couldn't attune this body to his Force? He had been able to do very small tricks with effort, lifting a pen and the like. Was he able to do more? The pad dinged again, a supposedly urgent message lighting the screen but he needed the code to read it. He picked it up once more, glaring. Then a thought occured. He was in Hux’s body, who had typed in this code countless times. Kylo let his eyes close, holding Hux’s writing hand over the pad. He took a few deep breaths, emptied his mind of superfluous thought. After a minute of quiet nothingness, he told himself ‘enter the passcode.’ The hand moved, tapping in the numbers. Kylo tried to remember the sequence, filing it back in a mental corner where it wouldn't be a distraction. The pad dinged a third time. It was open. With a sly little grin, he looked briefly at the message. It was some short response about agreeing to a budget for the next parts replacement stop, and Kylo approved it. He was sure that whatever Hux had proposed was fine, and most people were too dull or loyal to argue. The thin fingers of his hand flicked across the pad with practiced speed, looking through messages and updates. Hux could probably file away all the things he flipped through, but Kylo was simply letting the body do the work, only picking out key words, slowing occasionally when certain topics grabbed his attention. There was a deep, petty satisfaction in pursuing the datapad. With the near constant bombardment of people, Kylo had felt terrifyingly exposed. He had gotten used to the privacy his status, aura, and mask had brought him. Looking through the pad felt personal, as personal as Hux ever got. Even his room was impersonal, lacking photos or mementos. It was spotless. Thankfully, Kylo had gotten out of doing anything that required making a real decision so far. He’d cancelled his shifts on the bridge and rearranged meetings for later in the week, fingering a recurring migraine as the culprit. He was sure the General would be pissed. He really didn't care. He could only stand people looking at him for so long. On the subject of looking, he mused, where was Hux? He hadn't seen him at all these past two days. True, he'd made himself scarce, hiding in the General’s room, but he would have thought the general would be banging the door down, demanding that they attempt something, anything, to switch back. The fact he hadn't was concerning. ----------- He couldn't do it. He would not do it. There was an important distinction between the two, and had primarily to do with not admitting weakness. Hux hadn't had any weaknesses since he was a child. They had all been beaten out, literally or figuratively, by the Academy. He was content in saying he was a man without fear and without weakness. Therefore, he would not put on that fucking Vader-wannabe bucket. He glared at it from across the Knight’s monastic quarters. He sat on the bed, set preposterously into a hole in the floor rather than on a frame like a normal bed. Of course Ren had to have even his bed look special. It's black sheets were cool to the touch, and surprisingly were First Order regulation for high ranking officers. Hux had always thought that giving higher ranks better amenities was frivolous. They were all soldiers, were they not? They had been trained the same. A wicked little corner of Hux’s mind loved it though, he knew that. He was a General, he had earned it, he was smarter and more qualified and did more work, why should he not get more considerations? Often, such accommodations made officers comfortable, smug and overconfident in their position. Hux knew that you could never reach high enough, becoming content was akin to becoming useless. Becoming content was akin to accepting death. That was the New Republic, content to work as the Old Republic did, so cushioned and indulgent and undisciplined. What he wouldn't give to just-- He shook his head, long hair brushing his cheeks in the motion. It wouldn't do to get himself worked up like that. He steepled his fingers under his chin, the larger pads that were poking his skin an obvious incongruence with how he felt inside. He couldn't settle into Ren’s body. It would be ridiculous to expect him to, but he was frustrated nonetheless. He hadn't been able to even step foot outside Ren’s quarters in the two days since their…..accident. And no one had bothered him. Now that was quite the odd feeling, being left alone. Hux would not in any way consider himself extroverted, but he was comfortable in the constant presence of others, a byproduct of command. A pathetic little sigh escaped his lips. He would have to figure something out. He couldn’t hide in Kylo Ren’s room every day, hiding in his body. Not that anyone would stop him. However, it would grate on him incessantly. And he had already left command for two days. Who knows what that moronic man had managed to screw up already. Who knows if he had even managed to keep their little problem a secret. Anxiety built in Hux like a volcano. Standing up quickly, Hux wobbled a little. Ah yes, food. Needed that too. Well, it would have to wait. He threw on the outer cape over the silly robe and walked across the room, longer than it was wide, towards the only door. He snatched up the helmet from the desk. His head was so preoccupied with his concerns, he tossed a hand out without thinking. The lightsaber he’d left on the bed flew across the room, settling neatly on the belt hook, and Hux was gone. Notes: Remember you can find me on vmprsm.tumblr.com :> Chapter 5 : They're Not Mine to Have Summary: Wooee, I managed to put out a longer-than-average chapter. Kylo and Hux finally get a chance to talk. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux banged his way into his quarters in a very Ren-like motion, shoving the sliding door open as soon as it unlatched. It made a mechanical whine as the automatic motors and gears were forced against their set speed. The door slid closed slowly in his wake. Kylo looked up, a confused but resigned expression settling on the sharp features. How interesting that when he wondered of the whereabouts of his own body, there it was. The man in front of him was a ball of anxiety wrapped in black fabric. He didn’t need to be very Force sensitive to notice. He clutched at the helmet, slapping two of each of his fingers at the release mechanisms. He tore it off his head almost before it had opened completely, and chucked it across the room at Kylo. It sailed awkwardly, its weight held in the air only by Kylo’s impressive throwing arm, and even still it went high. It took Kylo only half a second to realize it was flying towards his forehead, and had another half second of crippling doubt: could he catch it with the Force? It didn’t matter, the metal coming too fast to give him time. He threw his hands up, a calculated looking move to the untrained eye, and caught the helmet like a child trying to catch a basketball, with full palms, fingers automatically curling in for grip. He swayed backwards, almost tipping back the chair. Once he stabilized he checked it over for any new dings out of habit, then dropped it gently into his lap as he turned his gaze up to Hux. Hux was breathing heavily, cheeks reddened and a slight glistening of sweat was visible on his brow. The black hair above was swept back and damp. Teeth could be glimpsed through his open-mouthed pants. “Even if you ran here you shouldn’t be that tired, General.” Kylo observed, resting his hands lightly on the black dome of the helmet. “Shut up,” hissed Hux, ripping the excess layers off his body until he was in just the pleated inner tunic and pants, tucked haphazardly into the tall boots. He stalked over to the bed and sat heavily upon it, rumpling the sheets. “Why do you even wear that thing.” he continued, beginning to take deep breaths and holding them. “This?” Kylo looked down at the helmet, though he knew very well what Hux meant. That wasn’t a question he wanted to answer. He ignored it, and chose instead to do one of his favorite things, needle Hux. “Do you not like it?” he asked, voice light as he could make it. Hux glared at him from across the room, menacing with Kylo’s dark eyes. Really, he was in the next room, but the doorway was very wide, a triangular opening rather than a door. “Don’t tell me you’re--” “Don’t.” barked Hux, in an explosion of the air he’d been holding. “Do not.” A grin stole across Kylo’s face, stretching the muscles. Did Hux never smile? Not that he did much anymore either, but it felt like he was a puppet that needed oiling in the joints. He decided to give Hux a break and kept the rest of his sentence to himself, but filed it away with all the other new things he was learning about the man. Claustrophobic , that was rich. They sat in the room for several minutes, the only noise being Hux’s breathing, which gradually died down to nothing. Then, they looked at each other. “Where have you been,” demanded Hux, straightening up and pulling back his shoulders. “I looked at the security feeds and you haven’t been anywhere I was supposed to be these last two days.” “That’s very much…” Like me, Kylo thought. He would spend hours, on some days when he didn’t have it in him to leave his room, switching between security feeds, watching life aboard the Finalizer . “True.” he said instead. “I moved all your appointments and other responsibilities to next week. Everyone was very amenable.” “Why?” Hux’s tone was low, and his eyebrows were pulled down in an plain look of anger. “Did you really want me to handle your meetings? Besides, I need time to think.” “We could have set up a private commlink.” “For what? You’re busy all day and half the night, General , I would have no time to myself if I’d kept your schedule. Would you like to switch back or not?” he sneered the man’s title, with a bit more venom than he’d intended. “So I could tell you what to say!” Hux stood up. “You can’t neglect my position, I don’t care if you need time to think! Work faster!” His miniature rant ended with a frustrated sound, and he ran his hands through Kylo’s hair. Kylo stood as well, setting the helmet on the desk. “We wouldn’t be here if you hadn’t fought me.” He knew it was a stupid thing to say, but Hux simply didn’t understand the gravity of what had happened to them. From what he knew, moving a consciousness into a new body took years of training. It was very likely they they couldn’t switch back until he had trained enough. If he even could train in Hux’s body. It was a nightmare, and the stress of it crashed onto Kylo’s shoulders, flooding the thin body with adrenaline. Hux spluttered just slightly, clearly not expecting Kylo’s response. “If I hadn’t...you absolute...you are…” he seemed at a loss for words, and eventually tossed his hands up, the minimum of effort expended putting them only up to his chest before they fell back down. He gathered his thoughts for a moment, and looked at Kylo with a steely expression, a strange look with the dark, large eyes. “You don’t seem to understand two things, Ren. I am the superior officer on this ship. To everyone. I make the final decisions, and only the Supreme Leader may deny me. Second, the minds of my officers and I are not open to you. We have earned that privacy to be respected and I will be damned if I give it up for you, you spoiled child.” Kylo blinked. Truthfully, he knew those things. Understood them perfectly. He simply didn’t care. Using the Force to his advantage in all situations came naturally, he’d been doing it since he was a child. He would search the nanny’s mind to find where the cookies were being hidden. He would pick up tidbits from the other padawans to piece together when the next practice test was and would always be ready. He would sometimes mind trick people into not seeing him, when he was out at hours he shouldn’t have been. The only difference was he was usually never so overt as he was with Hux. Something about the man made him want to show off, to win. Now here they were. It didn’t matter though, he couldn’t let Hux know he may be even partially right. “You’re not superior officer anymore, General. I am. But you’ll be surprised to learn how much authority my body carries with it. You understand nothing about the Force, and what it means to wield power with it.” “Oh yes, so much power in throwing things about with your mind.” Hux snapped, sitting back down, looking out of steam. “It’s more than that.” “I know you idiot.” Kylo fell back into silence, studying his own figure again. He was a large man, easily having outgrown his father in height and breadth. His chest was slightly thinner, but the muscle mass from training with his saber made it hard to tell. His face had become very pale in the months since boarding the Finalizer , slowly matching the pallor of everyone else aboard. It seemed even paler knowing that Hux was behind it. He watched his nostrils flare as Hux fought down his temper. What was he feeling? Angry, obviously, but what else? Was he as petrified as Kylo was about their predicament? Overcoming his doubt, he tried to reach out with the Force, prod gently at his own brain. Instead of the normal strong river flow that was his mind, instead a small thread trickled out, meandered its way over to Hux. Kylo was frustrated, but continued forward. He touched the other mind gently, trying to stay covert, and came up to not a wall but a mist. A greyish, swirling mist, clouding the entryway into his mind and nothing bled through. Not the barest emotion slipped out from Hux’s mind and Kylo knew he wasn’t strong enough to press through. When had he learned to do that? Maybe it was a relic from Kylo’s blocking techniques, who instead visualized a cloud of darkness to cover his thoughts. He wondered how Force-sensitive Hux actually was now, given that he was in Kylo’s very Force-sensitive body. He didn’t know the dynamics of the Force between body and mind, but it was becoming clear that at least some of a person’s sensitivity was housed in the body. Unless Hux had latent sensitivity he had ignored. “What?” asked Hux, still snappish, glaring daggers at Ren. Kylo realized he’d been staring, putting so much effort in trying to even attempt to read Hux’s mind. He sighed. “Nothing.” “Good.” Hux stood up once more, striding towards the desk. He towered over Kylo somehow. “Now there will be no more changing my schedule. I will do that myself, as soon as I acquire a datapad. We will set up a commlink, you will go to my appointments, and I will coach you through them. I will give you plenty of time to…” he sneered “think.” He turned around, picking up clothing from the floor and putting it back on, struggling only slightly with the odd design of the robes. He spoke through the fabric. “You have one week to figure this out, Ren.” Kylo narrowed his eyes. He did not enjoy being ordered. “You’re doing it wrong.” he said as he walked towards Hux, reaching out and tugging the cape into its proper place. He dropped his hands when he was done, but made no effort to move away. Hux gave him a wary eye. “Hux,” he started, pitching his voice to a gentler tone, “to assist in switching us back, I’d like you to try and meditate. See if you can attune to the Force.” Hux scoffed, and turned fully to face himself. “That’s ridiculous. How would I even know when I’ve succeeded?” “You’ll know. Though we could try together, I can teach you. It seems a fair return for the commlink.” “The commlink is entirely necessary.” “So is this. Do you want to switch back or not?” replied Kylo, knowing he was copying his earlier words but getting impatient with Hux’s intent to be contrary. Hux huffed out an angry breath, and Kylo watched his nostrils flare again. “Fine. I’ll designate a time in the schedule. Keep to it.” He swept away, boots quieter against the floor as he went to the door. It seemed to have recovered, and opened at normal speed. He had a foot out before Kylo spoke. “Lord Ren,” he said, smirking. “What?” “You’re forgetting something.” He pointed to the helmet, sitting innocently on the desk facing the door. He watched Hux’s face contort, going through several emotions before settling on vaguely uncomfortable. “Blast.” he muttered, and came back to get it. He tucked it under his arm, threw Kylo a last look of distaste, and left. Kylo at least had the presence of mind to wait until the door closed to laugh. Notes: Next up! Commlink shenanigans, and the two try to meditate with expectedly poor results. Chapter 6 : No, They're Not Mine Summary: I said commlinks and meditating, but this ran on and I figured might as well release it now. Commlink memories next chapter, to be released very soon. Enjoy the crop top mention. “I am concentrating you impatient child, give me more than ten seconds!” Hux had repeated less irritated versions of that sentence three times prior, and they’d only been attempting this meditating thing for fifteen minutes. It was late, likely 0200 galactic standard time, and the ship was relatively quiet. Generally, the ship would align its schedule to be functional with the timekeeping of the planet they had business with next, but since they hadn't been going much of anywhere recently, the floating world had settled into regular hours. At this time, it was unlikely that Kylo would be bothered with issues for the General, and Hux would be unlikely to get pissed off at Kylo’s attempts to avoid dealing with said issues. Unfortunately, that meant the two were meeting after a full day of meetings and problems that Hux had to fix and Kylo had to endure, and Hux had figured out after only a day that dealing with Kylo Ren on a nonstop basis was the key to shortening his fuse very quickly. “No, you aren't.” Ren barked, opening his eyes to stare at Hux, who was glaring back. They were sitting on a not uncomfortable but boring rug in Ren’s room, with the Knight’s insistence that he felt he could focus better in a room that wasn't Hux’s ‘obsessively clean’ quarters. Hux had taken no offence really, despite the rude remark he flung back at Ren about his inherent messiness. He had always been an obsessively clean person, an organized life assisted in keeping an organized mind, and vice versa. They had stripped out of most of their clothing for comfort. Ren said that comfort wasn’t necessary to meditate, but for beginners it was helpful. So Hux sat in underclothes only, a ridiculously cut crop top and black pleated trousers. Ren swore it was to allow for better movement, with the thick belt normally lying on top. Hux rolled his eyes, it was obvious that Kylo Ren was somewhat conceited, and the top hugged his pecs while showing his (quite well defined, Hux had to admit) abdomen. The pants sat low on his hips, normally held up by a pair of equally ridiculous suspenders that lay on top of the folded pile of other clothes. Hux had almost laughed outright the first time he saw them, but given the bagginess of the pants he understood the necessity. As it stood he felt vaguely uncomfortable without the robes, the trail of dark hair on his abdomen that ducked under the waistband after several inches showing prominently on the flat stomach, but he swallowed down the nagging feeling. It wasn’t like the man next to him hadn’t seen it before, it was his body. What was odd was seeing his own body, Hux mused, from the outside. Mirrors were never 100% accurate, your view of yourself obscured by the flipped image and inherent flaws in the glass. He had been able to keep his curiosity to a minimum when Ren was wearing his full uniform, but now stripped down hadn’t been able to help sneaking glances before they began, just as he couldn’t help looking now. Ren had taken off the coat, jacket, and boots, and rolled up the trouser cuffs to his knees, much to Hux’s exasperation. He had told Hux he was stupid for wearing those ‘little straps that held up your socks’. “You wear boots anyways.” Ren had said, to which Hux had retorted with an equal remark about his suspenders, which had shut him up quite quickly. The sock garters had been a relic from his days in the Academy, and Hux always felt more prepared for the day if he wore them. As he stared at himself, Hux realized how truly white skinned he actually was. Having red hair meant having pale skin generally speaking, but living on spaceships had given him an almost grey undertone, mixed with a touch of pink. The veins of his arms practically shone blue on his inner elbows and wrists, exposed by his regulation undershirt. His face was sharp, so sharp, his cheekbones drawing in toward his light green eyes that were clear and shining. Usually they shined with ambition, tonight they shined with anger. Hux shook his head very slightly, trying to focus on what Ren was saying, watching his own mouth move. “You’re trying to clear your mind, but there’s a difference between an empty room and nothingness .” he said, looking all too proud of his own intelligence, “Your mind needs to be utterly blank, not just cleared. You compartmentalize so much you’ve basically built your own infrastructure in there.” Ren scoffed. Hux digested that information, “How many times have you been in my head?” “Oh a few,” replied Kylo, “but never very far. You have a strong mind and I’m very good at skimming without being detected, especially by someone as insensitive to the Force as you.” Hux hummed, a deep sound in his throat. Wasn’t much to be done about it anyways, and it wasn’t as if Hux had much to hide. It was more the principle of the thing, that his mind was off limits. “Fine, fine. I’ll try again, but give me more than ten seconds or I will stuff your suspenders into your mouth.” It wasn’t his best threat, but for stars sake's it was two in the morning. “ Your mouth, you mean.” replied Ren, and Hux sighed loudly, shutting his eyes again. Well there was no stopping the fact that when he tried to clear his mind, he imagined emptying a room. A hole opened in the floor, a lack of color, and everything, all his thoughts, were simply sucked in. His memories of the thankfully mitigated disaster that was today. The sensory input from the cold room, the rough rug, Ren breathing next to him, hair tickling his forehead. His fears about what had happened, anxiety that they may never get back into their rightful bodies. Hux was left with a gaping maw, in a white room. He cast about, trying to think of what to clear the room with, and at the same time trying not to think at all. He squeezed his eyes tighter, beginning to feel frustrated. The soft sound of his own voice, almost gentler than he’d ever used it himself, said “You're almost there, Hux. Relax, and let it go.” It was relaxing, to hear his own voice reassuring him. To hear it, and know Ren was treating him with such patience, was somehow a boost to his own patience. He took a deep breath, letting it out slowly through his mouth. He went back to the room with the hole, thinking of nothing else. He saw the hole, and things moved naturally, without effort. It widened, and rather than the room falling in, the hole acted as an eraser, the room simply disappearing under its spread. After a few seconds, it felt as if Hux was emptying too, from the top down, his body losing its tenseness. He floated in the empty space of his mind for an indeterminable amount of time, feeling as if he could swim through his own veins, cycle gently through his body as his heart rate slowed. Distantly, he knew Kylo Ren was beside him, and without intending to he reached out, becoming more aware of him as a presence somewhere in or maybe outside the infinity of his mind. He got the impression of color, a red-brown that was warm and yet cautious, like a wolf in the cover of the forest. As he reached out, stretching from a center point on his body, the wolf did not shy away. He got a feeling of anxiousness, fleeting, but the presence did not move. He reached further, now almost straining like he had reached the end of a leash. Was he also a wolf to Ren? Or was he something else? The red-brown of Ren pushed forward, hard, and a gasp reached Hux’s ears. He gasped in return, snapping back into his own mind and the presence was lost. His eyes flew open, and he heaved in air: he had barely been breathing. For how long? Then he noticed Ren, pulling in heavy breaths, somehow leaned very close to Hux. His eyes were screwed shut, orange eyebrows pulled down and hair in disarray. “Ren?” ventured Hux, staying very still. He wasn’t sure why, he felt as if the wolf was suddenly real, struggling under skin that was not his own, pushing against cool flesh. A few more breaths, and he spoke. “It’s fine, I’m just,” he broke off, and his fists clenched. After a seconds he lifted them and slammed them back down knuckles first, into the rug, leaning forward with the blow. Hux winced, he knew his body and unfortunately that would bruise. Ren pulled in a stiff breath through his nose. “I am unused to having such difficulty with this.” Translation, he was panicking. Hux supposed he could understand. To put it into terms for an average person, it was like suddenly being crippled, or maybe mentally challenged. Though he certainly did not fear Kylo Ren or his Force abilities, he could respect that the man was vastly powerful. And while Hux himself was impressive for a mortal man, the two simply couldn't be compared. He simply hoped that Ren would use the roomy, well-worked brain he was currently in to his advantage. He reached out a hand, slowly, trying to push out the image of a wolf with dark eyes from his mind and laid it gently on Ren’s arm. It was strained, and Hux watched his own veins push against the skin. There was a twitch, but otherwise Ren did not react. “I felt you.” said Hux, “When I was,” he paused, not knowing what to call it, but pressed on, “you were there. Not right next to me, but you were close.” “I know.” was all Ren said, and finally looked up, tension leaving his frame. He stretched backwards, and Hux took his hand back. After a moment he continued, still stretched back and towards the ceiling, putting on a formal teaching voice that sounded faintly aristocratic coming from Hux’s vocal cords. “Normally, that would be nothing. I could barely leave this body, and I could not reach you. It seems I still retain some ability, and clearly you have some, whether that’s residual from being in my body I cannot say. I also cannot say if it will last. Nonetheless, if we can’t reach each other, we have no chance right now to attempting a switch.” Hux frowned, considering. Kylo rubbed his knuckles, falling silent. “I believe, with training, I can reach you.” said Hux. “I believe so.” “We will keep trying. Not tonight, this is enough.” “Quite.” They sat in amicable silence for a while after, neither really wanting to leave. Chapter 7 : When He Looks I Read the Nearest Paper Summary: These chapters keep getting longer!! I just wanted to get this chapter out so I posted from my phone. There may be some errors and missing italicization, Ill fix it up when I get home. Enjoy! EDIT: Fixed! Edit 2: I changed an eeensy teensy little part to insert my oc because im garbage. You probably wont even notice, but it matters to me haha. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Earlier That Day Kylo rubbed his temples, trying to keep a straight face and from groaning aloud rather than just in his head. He should have known this was going to be horrible. The people around him chattered on, with tones that mixed cautious respect with casual menace, and it had been going on long enough that he wished, deeply, that he could destroy something. It was 0800, far too early to be doing anything at all honestly, and Hux’s first meeting of the day. There was a crackle of static in his ear followed by a short lived but extremely high pitched whine. Kylo jerked his head like a dog but valiantly restrained from yanking the damn earpiece out. Scratch the prior thought: he had known this was going to be horrible, just not utterly so. They hadn't even started. “Ren?” came a slightly tinny but clear voice from directly in his left ear. Now here was the tricky part. He couldn't send his thoughts to Hux, and Hux couldn't read his mind, so they were reduced to good old spy tactics. The earpiece, a tiny high tech thing that nestled snugly in his ear and tinted his skin tone so it was almost unnoticeable, had a wireless connection with the subvocal microphone currently clasped to his throat, making the incredibly tight collar of the uniform even more uncomfortable. Those two pieces connected wirelessly to Hux’s earpiece and his data pad (recently swiped from tech services), so his responses could be transferred to writing. Ren had been trained in subvocal recognition, but there was one eensy problem. He wasn't very good at it. He had been a effortless mind reader from childhood, and his pride (a pride that hux would certainly have called arrogance) meant that he had just barely passed the course years ago, and he hadn't used the skill since. He had neglected to consider this fact until just this morning, at 0750, after he was already trapped. The fingers he’d placed at his temples slid forward and dropped over his eyes as he suppressed another noise of endless suffering. “Ren? I need connection confirmation.” said Hux, and wow was it strange to hear your own voice, speaking in an undertone directly in your ear. It was far too intimate, and made Ren’s sink crawl as he thought of it. With a little sigh out his nose, Ren sat up straight. Hux would pitch a fit if he slouched through the whole meeting. He was surprised it hadn't been commented on already. Hux was definitely watching the room on the security feed. He swallowed, pushing back extra saliva, and tried to keep a straight face as he attempted “Yes, I can hear you.” There was silence on the other end, and Ren flicked his eyes around as the meeting settled into order. If Hux couldn’t understand him...oh stars, he was supposed to lead this thing. He didn’t think it was the end of the world, as Hux had all the other pieces to this puzzle, but it would make Ren anxious as all hell, and he was having a rough time already keeping all of Hux’s mannerisms. “Well that was garbled to shit,” replied Hux, surprisingly candid, “but I understood it. Keep that to a minimum and just pay attention and say what I say. Don’t blow this, Ren.” He snorted lightly, and took the effort to subvocalize “Whatever.” “Oh good job, you managed one word correctly.” Hux snarking him was a clear sign he was nervous, and it made Ren feel better. Let him also suffer. The meeting came fully to silence, all eyes staring at Ren. Hux. At him. Oh here we go. “Good morning, all,” started Ren, trying to spur Hux into the instruction he had so promised. “Thank you for your timeliness.” “Stop that, you’re so stiff and they damn well know to be early, you sound strange for saying it. Just shut up and copy me.” Ren resisted the urge to roll his eyes and copied what Hux said. Repeating things was easy, easier than he expected. He found, for the most part, he could extrapolate what Hux was going to say after the first half of the sentence, sometimes sentences that he didn't even know the meaning of. He was talented in many areas of knowledge, but greater galactic economics was not one of them. That was...a concern, but he had a spark of hope. It was possible that either of their Force powers were strengthening. It didn't feel that way, the words in his head didn't feel planted or out of place, but in this whole area of the Force he was out of his depth. Then came the unbidden and unwelcome thought: Snoke may know. He must already have the skill to teach Kylo to fix this. What if he was already aware of what had occurred? The thought almost froze him, stock still for a fraction of a second in front of ten officers that Hux had stated were Very Important. He stuttered momentarily before catching himself, shoving down the panic. He noticed two officers give him a look, smelling weakness and he narrowed his eyes, going for the stern disapproving look that Hux could pull off so well. It didn't work on him, but it seemed to put everyone else into line. He may have succeeded because they looked away quickly. The meeting continued, Kylo rattling off figures and moving holoscreen maps according to Hux’s instruction. The order of images had been organized by the General before the meeting, the man’s meticulous organization actually being of use and more often than not he simply had to press next and the maps would zoom and pull up labels without further fussing. Surprisingly, he did recognize the names of a few trade routes, and smirked internally. However hard the First Order was trying to legitimize itself, they still had to lower themselves to pirate trade routes. After a half hour of parroting the voice in his ear, the prior moment of panic had subsided into a low ache in his gut. Of course Hux has visceral reactions to stress, he certainly didn't show it on his face. He wondered when the last time he ate was, letting his active thought process switch away from the meeting. He hadn't been hungry, which was normal in his own body, but when did Hux eat? The man was thin but whipcord strong, his muscles subtle but impressive in action. Or so he’d heard. He wanted to go to the gym before the switched back, give this body a real test run, see if Hux was all bark and no bite. In the midst of his thoughts, the meeting had become nothing but background noise, his mouth running on autopilot. A hand raised politely and he caught it out of the corner of his eye. “Yes, Major?” “Ren!” hissed Hux’s voice a half second later, as he watched the man's face settle into a stormy look. Hux sounded anxious. “It’s Major General, you kriffing moron!” His eyes widened slightly, and he kicked himself mentally. “Major General,” he said, letting only a seconds gap pass, but it was obvious he had slipped up. Damn. The man asked his question, clearly complicating it in revenge. He let Hux parse out the important bits for a moment as he took a deep breath. Focus, focus. He answered easily, coming back to something resembling calm. But as he continued on it became clear that some sort of delicate balance had been broken between him and Hux, and it was suddenly much more difficult to keep it together. The questions increased, now an hour into the meeting, and the pauses between Hux getting it and Kylo being able to relay a response was agitating. He felt like it was becoming obvious that something was off, and he fought down the urge to let his emotions take control. When a Major (a real one this time) asked a question that took an entire minute for her to say, Kylo couldn't keep a lid on it any longer. Even as a child he’d had a shallow well of patience, this meeting had drained it dry. His nose scrunched in irritation and the chair the Major was sitting in snapped with a loud crack, the connection between the seat and the post severed. She went backwards, practically flying out of the chair and executing an extremely messy roll away from the table. Limbs flailing, she thudded into the wall with her back and her head whipped into it with a second, marginally quieter thud. Silence fell and someone, Kylo was too angry to pay much attention to who, got up and hurried over to the fallen officer. There was another squeal of static in his ear, and Kylo shut his eyes, trying to count to five not to rip the blasted thing out and having trouble getting past two. He clenched his fists behind his back, digging in Hux’s close cropped but thin nails into his palms. “How unfortunate,” he gritted out, trying to mask his mood as displeasure over the disruption. Eyes turned back to him as he spoke, faces expressing confusion and irritation, but he felt as if someone was watching him in a way that was more than casual. He looked left without turning his head. At the other head of the table, Captain Phasma sat still, helmet not turned toward the ill-fortuned Major but at him. She sat very still. “She may have received a concussion, Sir, should I take her to medbay?” asked the helpful officer, earning his title by helping the Major up from the ground and keeping a steadying hand on her arm. Kylo turned his attention back, throwing Phasma’s reaction into the back of his mind to look at later. Should he take her to medbay? Kylo wasn't sure how strict Hux was about attendance, and it didn't look like she hit that hard, though his view of the situation was admittedly a bit skewed. He bit back a waspish ‘No’ and waited to hear Hux’s instruction. Nothing came. The line was silent as the grave and Kylo subvocalized “Hux?” No reply. Kylo blinked and his thoughts raced ahead of his active consciousness. Had the line been disconnected? Had Hux left him to deal with it? No, he couldn't, the line must have gone bad and that meant they were in hot water and replying to the officer about stupid medbay was the least of the problems here-- The officer was looking at him still, say something, kriff! He opened his mouth to reply when the door to the conference room slid open and a harried looking officer ran in, skidding to a stop inside the door. “General, Lord Ren is on Aft Deck C and has locked himself in a cooling room that connects to the backup atmo generators for that sector and there is a lot of destructive noises and the security feed is dead and I would have called to your private line but that also is not functional and--” Kylo drew in a sharp breath through his nose. “Enough, I’ll see to him now.” the officer snapped her mouth shut. He tossed a look back at the room. “Excuse me, this cannot wait. We will reconvene at a later date.” Without a second glance he strode quickly out of the room, half for the illusion of concern and half to get the hell out of there. He followed the officer down a deck and halfway across the ship from bow to stern until they reached the cooling room in question. Kylo was grateful for her panicked presence, as he truly had no idea where he was going. He hadn't bothered to learn the layout of the Finalizer , sure he wouldn't be spending much time on it. He had been wrong, as Master Snoke seemed intent on him being on board and had sent him on few missions since his arrival. He glanced at the officer, who was wringing her hands harder and harder each time a sound came from the room. “Dismissed,” he glanced at the woman's arm band, “Lieutenant Commander.” She hurried away, tapping madly on a datapad. Kylo rapped on the door three times. “Lord Ren.” he called, still disliking the feeling of calling his own name. There was a pause in the crashing metal sounds, and the door slid open. He entered, and it slid shut with a click. Hux stood in the middle of the room, which admittedly didn't have much floorspace given the huge cooling tanks and wiring bundles on the floor, breathing heavily and holding Kylo’s now-deactivated lightsaber. The looked each other over, and Hux quietly clipped the saber hilt onto his belt. “You are an absolute moron.” Hux broke the silence first, “I thought, possibly, you could handle this one very simple task, and you go and almost blow it in front of some of the highest ranking officers this side of the Unknown Regions. Truly, Ren,” he threw his hands into the air, “Im impressed you can be this much of a screw up.” Kylo clenched his jaw, trying to quell the rising tide of rage. He didn't let anyone talk to him like that, and even the General was pushing his regular boundaries of insults. It was unfortunate that, in this instance, he had to concede that he was right in one thing. He had almost blown it. If word got out, they would likely both be finished. His mind supplied Phasma, looking at him with such intensity he could feel it through her armor. “Why was Captain Phasma at the meeting?” he asked, smoothly ignoring Hux’s tirade. He looked exasperated, his eyes flicking to the ceiling as if asking some god to help him, but answered. “She leads Stormtrooper training regimen and schedules all troop deployments from this ship. Seeing as we have to protect traded cargo somehow, she needs to know the planned trips to schedule assignments. Satisfied?” he finished sarcastically, the word coming across to mean ‘Not that it's any of your damn business.’ Kylo nodded, looking pensive. Hux gave him a sideye. “Why?” he asked. “I simply did not expect her, she's usually very hands-on from my observations.” he lied. “Anyways, you seem to have become familiar with my lightsaber.” This brought a scowl from Hux, who glanced back down at the weapon, the spot of silver in his all black attire. “Please do shut up. I did what I needed to do.” “Break something?” Kylo smirked, pleased for evidence that the General wasn't as stoic and well controlled as he seemed. “No, moron,” Hux repeated what appeared to be his newest nickname for Kylo, “I needed to pull off a distraction to end the meeting. I couldn't let you stand there and make me a look a fool.” “You sure did make a distraction. For the repair crews too.” he observed the room, eyeing the scorched walls and broken consoles. Nothing critical, obviously, as the tanks still functioned, but the room did look a bit like a fire tornado had come through. “It needed to be convincing, otherwise there would be questions.” replied Hux defensively, and quickly changed the subject. “And regarding your marvelous attempt to make me look bad, what in all hells did you do? You couldn't control yourself for another half hour?” Kylo felt himself becoming excited, his pulse rising as he remembered. He had been so stressed that breaking the chair had seemed natural, but in Hux’s body it was a feat of great proportion. “I used the Force.” he said in an almost whisper, excitement bleeding in. “You...you did, didn't you.” “I did.” his excitement was clearly audible, and he broke Hux’s parade rest to walk up to Hux, grabbing his shoulders. “That’s the most I've been able to do yet. It's not easy to sever atomic bonds like that, it takes training. But I did it.” he wasn't sure why he felt the need to explain it, but it was important for Hux to understand what he’d done. Hux looked uncomfortable, leaning back slightly and looking somewhat down Kylo’s long nose. “Yes, Ren, I understand. That's good, you may be able to fix this within a week after all. Small favors.” Kylo let him go then, practically buzzing with energy, and Hux took a step back. “I simply ask you don't practice in my body in plain sight .” he emphasized, and then rounded him to approach the door. Feeling just a little put out, Kylo almost let his lips downturn into a pout. He had nothing to say to that, and so let his mind jump tracks again. He turned. “Where's my helmet?” Hux wasn't wearing the black and silver dome. Hux paused before the door lock. “In your room.” “Why?” amusement crept into his voice. “I left quickly.” “Mhm.” “Shut up, Ren. You have another meeting in an hour and you should look at the presentation beforehand.” Kylo groaned audibly, getting it out early. Notes: Whats next for our unfortunate pair? Youll have to wait and see. Promise, the smutty feels are coming soon haha. Chapter 8 : But I don't care about the soaps Summary: Yoooo okay so yeah. Good hiatus huh guys? Well, I'm technically still on it until April 30th. Whoops. To make up for it this chapter is almost twice as long as the last! **NOTE** The rating goes up this chapter! Time to start slow burning these boys. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Oh no. This was not happening. Hux stared down a body that, shocking still, was not his. This fact was less obviously upsetting, having been given the time to process it, compared to the genitals that were not his. He had woken up with the erection and had attributed it to morning wood. That was fine. He had sat very quietly in bed for ten minutes thinking of absolutely nothing to no avail. Finally frustrated, he got up to shower. He even lingered in the cool shower (heat was a luxury aboard a star destroyer) for an extra five minutes, his eyes closed and willing the problem away. This had been the routine the last few days, pointedly not looking at Kylo Ren’s naked body as he went about the business of changing and keeping it clean. It was only decent, though he doubted that Ren had showed his vessel the same courtesy. The erection, however? That was new and decidedly not fine. He toweled off, brushing against it on accident and jumping like a teenager as a spark of pleasure lit up his spine. He huffed and stomped his foot, using its momentum to march over to the closet and yank down the robe that he’d had the droids dry clean yesterday. Ren really did have only a few pairs of the same outfit that he laundered constantly. It was a wonder they weren't falling apart. Oh wait, parts of them were. He rolled his eyes and started pulling on his undergarments. He kept his eyes cast to the ceiling as he very carefully tucked away his little problem and slid on pants. Shirt, suspenders, inner tunic, all in precise and steady order. Only when he looked in the floor length mirror ( really , Ren?) and could see the outline of the bulge through his pants and the tunic did he lose his cool. “What in all hells, honestly?” he demanded of the body, stomping his foot again in uncharacteristic yet satisfying childishness. He felt every single shift of it in the tight fitting clothes, and it was going to drive him insane. How the kriff was the Knight so goddamn sensitive? He certainly couldn't walk out into the halls like this. Could not in any way get near the bridge or anywhere else with people. It had been over a half hour and he was still rock hard. If he even thought about it, it would twitch. Did the damn thing have a mind of its own? Had there been something in the water he drank last night? Hux growled and tore the clothes back off, letting them crumple to the floor around him. Fine, time to see what all the fuss was about, he thought, and looked down. Oh. It was difficult not to use crude language to describe Ren’s genitals. The words huge cock came to mind and he violently shoved them away. He was not going to think that way about his forced-counterpart’s body. No. Except it was so true. Once he started looking, it was almost impossible to look away. He was loathe to admit, but Kylo Ren was not blowing hot air when he talked about his physical form or prowess. He had glanced, before, but now he was looking . Ren was practically cut from granite his abs were so sharply defined and the dip of his hips from his waist was a perfect pornographic V shape. His stomach was flecked with large freckles. Or were they small moles? A curling trail of dark hair led from his navel down, and once again Hux was presented with what was truly, unfortunately, a very nice dick. It curved up just slightly from a riot of black pubic hair. Did he never shave, trim even? As appreciative of the view as he was, it was still quite off putting to be involved in such a mess. He was tempted to cut it right them, decency be damned, and began to pull at it, loose hairs coming out easily between his pinched fingers. Disgraceful. He picked for a solid, silent minute, standing nude in the middle of the room, erection standing proudly out from an otherwise slim silhouette. Now, where was the damn wastebasket? He stomped his way to it, deposited his earnings, and stomped back. What now, then. His obsessive ministrations had no discernible effect on his very much not-little problem. Maybe he could just go back to sleep. Yes, Ren’s body honestly had nowhere to be for the next several hours. Hux had gotten up early to go over meeting notes again, but if he was being honest with himself he didn't need to. Getting back into bed was a brilliant plan. At least, it was until he’d actually done it. The bed was ridiculously soft, the mattress sinking delightfully as he crawled back in. It was certainly not regulation for officers, who had much more firm beds, better for the spine and had sheets that were high quality but definitely not the high thread count he was currently pulling around his shoulders. Apparently his first assessment had been incorrect. The fabric dragged against the neglected erection and he hissed. Then, he tried to sleep. Instead, he laid in that sinfully soft spot for ten minutes before his eyes opened again, gaze blinking past dark lashes to survey the miniature tent that had been standing strong further down the bed. “You have to be joking,” Hux grumbled to himself, barely moving his mouth. Was this not going to go away? Yes. Apparently. Was he going to enjoy the only option that seemed available to make it go away? No. Technically yes? Well, shit, he thought. He let a hand snake down under the sheets almost of its own accord, and again brushed through the hair between his legs. Or rather Ren’s legs. It was not a good idea to think that way, he reminded himself forcefully, and tried to blank out his mind as he wrapped a hand gently around the base. It seemed impossible that he could touch his thumb and middle finger together holding that thing, but Ren did also sport very large hands. The thought was dashed away as unimportant as he gripped a little tighter and pulled up, letting the flesh slide through his fist. He almost let go when a wave of pleasure hit him hard. What the kriff was wrong with this boy? Gritting his teeth together, he tried instead to keep a running feed of ‘Do not enjoy this’ through his mind as he began to stroke. It felt different and familiar at the same time. The unknown factor of not being sure how this body liked to be touched lent a facet of excitement, little sparks when he moved in a new way and it responded. Hux kept his teeth firmly together and mouth clenched to keep from making noise, and he bent his knees without thinking. Thoughts dropped away, and his hand fell into an easy rhythm, having picked out the best set of motions without any assistance from Hux’s conscious mind. As he got close he opened his mouth, letting out little puffing gasps. It took only seconds more and he breathed out hugely, a low whine threading through, hips jerking as his hand caught come to save the bedsheets. Hux determinedly did not look at it or any of his body as he slipped out of bed, walking through the weakness in his legs to go wash off. Hells , that had been good. He hoped it never happened again. -------------- Kylo was at Hux’s desk when Phasma keyed in for entry, a mechanical chine coming from the holodesk. The screen showed her face currently, the snapshot on her dossier, and a list of the last three doors she had keyed into. He had no reason to deny her and he pressed ‘Open’ on the screen. The door slid aside with a barely audible whooshing and Phasma marched in. She looked extremely out of place in the regulation yet elegant office, and her posture was stiff until the door closed behind her. Her model soldier veneer melted off with the softening of her shoulders, and she let a breath come through the vocoder in her mask. “General.” “Yes, Captain?” he asked, trying to look busy on the datapad that was propped up on the desk. It held the presentation for Hux’s next meeting and Kylo had not a clue in the galaxy what it was talking about, but he would rather feel uncomfortable faced with his ignorance versus feel uncomfortable alone in the same room with Phasma. “I was wondering…” she started slowly, and Kylo tensed up, trying not to let it show in the curve of his spine as he bent over the desk. Was the stupid collar more tight than usual? She trailed off, reaching up and pulling off the helmet. Kylo had only seen her once without it, very briefly, and tried very hard not to stare this time. What right did a woman have being that tall but that attractive? The knight generally had very little to say about women, finding them at minimum annoying and at worst utterly unbearable. But Phasma could have been a model in the New Republic, a goddess in silks that strutted down the catwalk. Her platinum blonde hair had highlights that were too good to be artificial (not that stormtroopers really had the option usually but Phasma was on a removed level of command that even Kylo distantly recognized) and her bone structure was strong but exquisitely shaped. Her eyes had the capability to be sharp and calculating, but at the moment she just looked a bit tired. “...if we were still on for lunch tomorrow.” Kylo snapped back to attention. What? Lunch? Hux had told him nothing about any lunch. His thoughts whirled into overdrive, trying to figure the meaning of her question before she noticed he was stalling. Okay, okay, options. One, an event with peers he hadn’t been told about by Hux. Two, a meeting with the Captain only that Hux, again, had neglected to make the man in his body privy to. Three, a social meeting with Phasma. That Hux. Had Not. Told him about. Either way he looked a fool, but if it was the third he wasn't aware that the General and the Captain were so close. She had been in the medbay when he had woken up to the beginning of the disaster he was currently living but Ren had assumed that was just a show of support between commanding officers. Was it not? Either way, he had run out of time. Phasma tilted her head just slightly, beginning to look concerned. He would just need to go the middleground. “I’m sorry, I’ve been running so doggedly I’m not even sure what day it is.” Phasma gave him a quizzical look. “Lunch. Tuesdays.” Well that settled it. Hux and Phasma had a weekly social hour. Quaint. At least he could probably cancel. “Ah. Tuesday, yes. About that--” The look in her eyes sharpened suddenly, like a predator who had just seen prey. “Hux.” “Yes?” he asked with a touch of tentativeness. He didn’t like that look at all. He felt studied. He felt similar to how he’d felt in the meeting room two days prior. “We have lunch on Thursdays.” She replied, still studying him. Kylo almost clutched his chest in relief, a gesture that was usually too dramatic even for him. He could cover that little slip up easily. Although he considered taking a trip to medbay after Phasma left, just to check on Hux’s heart. Phasma’s concern for Hux was admirable in an inconsequential little way, testing him like this to check up on him. Ren probably thought the General had this problem every now and then, losing track of time completely when he was buried in plans and paperwork. Her next question would probably be if he’s been sleeping. (No, not really but that seemed regular.) “Oh by stars, you’re right. If my head weren't attached to my shoulders and all that.” He glanced at the clock on the holodesk. It was Tuesday. Wait. Ren looked up just in time to see Phasma’s face transform from the concerned friend into something much more difficult. She hardened all over again, her mouth pressing into a thin line. Standing up straighter, she said, “We don't ever have lunch, Hux. What is wrong with you? Don’t think I haven’t noticed.” Ren felt Hux’s heart skip threateningly. She had noticed something during that meeting. This was all a test. Dammit, how had he not picked up on that? If he'd been in his own body, he would have known from the moment she put her finger on the keypad. But if he had been in his own body, this wouldn't have been an issue at all. “Nothing’s wrong. I’m just tired.” It sounded fake even to him, but he was at a loss. Phasma was like a tracking hound with a scent. “That’s not it.” She stalked over to the desk and put her helmet upon it, putting her palms down and leaning in just slightly, looking like a monolith. “You’ve been strange. Slower.” Well that was insulting, Ren thought. “”ess composed. Ever since that incident with Lord Ren on the bridge. What happened to you.” Ren’s brain was like an emergency siren. “I don’t know what you're talking about, Captain. If you have nothing else other than being insubordinate, I have work to do.” There was nothing to be done. She would be suspicious regardless, the only thing he could do to protect the secret was to stop communicating. Every word was simply more evidence. He turned his gaxe back to the pad, signaling that the conversation was over. Phasma gave him a hard stare for long enough to make him very uncomfortable, then picked up her helmet and turned away. She got to the door, and as she exited she mused aloud. “I wonder how Lord Ren is feeling?” Ren snapped his head up, but she was gone. Damn. This whole debacle just got more complicated. With begrudging determination, he started flipping through the slides again. If she could notice, who knew who else would if he didn't keep it together. ------------------ The knock on his door had a comforting facade of normalcy until Hux realized that no one should be knocking for Lord Ren other than himself. What the hell did Ren want? They had another meeting in a few hours but until then there wasn't much to talk about. Which could only mean poor news, which he really did not need at the moment. This morning had been stressful enough, and even looking at himself would likely bring on a nauseating mixed feeling of guilt and stomach butterflies. Honestly it was distasteful, but as the knocking came again (why did this idiot not have a functioning keypad) he resigned himself to the eventuality. He’d have to face it. He hauled the huge body up from the bed that he hadn’t had the drive to pull himself from earlier, clad in a black tank and workout pants. He was sure his hair was a riot, and even though the helmet was staring at him from a shelf across the room with an aura that said ‘You should wear me’, he couldn't do it. It seemed that Phasma would simply see Kylo Ren’s face. It was the least of the concessions Ren would have to make with Hux behind the proverbial wheel. He padded to the door, feet blessedly warm in a pair of boot socks and let it slide open from his presence. He was confronted not with his own face, but of Phasma’s chrome armor, eyeslit even with his own eyes. Ren was the same height as her. How had he never noticed that? He yanked back his wandering thoughts to stare at Phasma and raised his eyebrows. Then he put them back down. Ren. Act like Ren. But what expressions did he even have under that helmet? Phasma waited. “Captain Phasma. To what do I owe your visit?” he asked, putting on Ren’s condescending drawl. “Lord Ren. Could I come in?” “For what?” “I need to speak to you about a sensitive matter.” Hux narrowed his eyes, but he couldn't refuse. Besides, this was Phasma. To be truthful, he had missed her these past few days, and even though she didn't know it was him, he was pitifully greedy for her company. His only worry was what she wanted to speak to Ren about. Their paths rarely crossed in day to day affairs. “I suppose. Make it fast.” he replied, hoping she would be anything but, though she was generally concise in all things. She came in and once they were safely secluded she took off her helmet, letting her hair free. How she could stand having hair longer than a buzz cut in a helmet was beyond him. How Ren could put all his hair in his metal bucket was certainly Force-assisted witchcraft. He watched her move into the center of the room, giving it a quick once-over with her eyes, taking in the dark grey layered with black that was somehow darker than other living quarters on the ship despite the walls being the same. Maybe it was because Ren’s room had no windows. Phasma turned a full circle, coming back to face him. He stood with arms crossed, hunched in and trying to look surly. She looked about to speak when a low alert sound came from the pouch on her hip. He waved a hand at her to go ahead. She pulled out the pad and let out a noisy sigh through her nose. “My apologies,” she said, glancing up, “the troopers have managed to break the simulation room on deck G again.” The reaction was automatic. “I have told them twice not to set the difficulty in opposition to the holo quality it causes a fatal mismatch and overloads the whole sys…” he trailed off, his mind pairing the fact that the deep voice did not at all match the one in his mind. Phasma was looking at him with shock and something like triumph. He closed his mouth slowly and said nothing at all. “I knew it was you.” Hux said nothing. “Hux.” He broke. “Oh heavens, Phasma, this has been a nightmare.” His arms swung loose and he halfway collapsed against the wall. She kept looking and the shock held firm. “It is you.” “Didn't we establish that?” “Well yes,” she blinked, “I knew it was you but to actually…” “Phasma, gracious, don’t do this. It makes no sense at all but yes, I am General Hux.” “And so Lord Ren is…” “In my body. Yes.” It would be easiest on her to just say it outright. “By all the stars what did you do , Hux?” She burst out, her shock burning away to show Phasma’s usual demeanor when Hux had done something not exactly intelligent. “I don’t know!” Hux threw his hands up, “Ren and I had a mind-war of sorts that day on the bridge and when I woke up I was in here .” His hands came down to gesture at his body. “We’re trying to fix it but gods only know how long that will take. I’m going insane, Phasma, I don’t know how long I can keep up this illusion of Ren being Hux...or I mean, me...kriff, this is so confusing.” “Oh, General.” Phasma said, sounding genuinely pitying. “Listen,” she walked the few paces over to where Hux was now standing with his fingers pressed hard into his temples. “This can be fixed, it has to be. Until then, I will do what I can to keep things running smoothly. I’ll keep an eye on Ren...well, you, when I’m able, to make sure he isn’t making too much of a mess of things. Don’t worry about the Stormtroopers. I’ll take over the program, covertly, until this has passed.” He shouldn't be grateful that she had figured it out, but he was, down to his very core. It was entirely possible that she could turn around and rat him out to the Supreme Leader, or undermine his authority while Ren was busy not paying close enough attention. But he wanted to believe she would not, and he so desperately needed an ally. “Thank you,” he said, Ren’s voice deepening with earnestness. “I’ll keep you updated, likely through encrypted messages. This cannot get out to anyone else.” “Obviously!” Phasma laughed shortly, breaking the solemn tone of the moment. “If that’s the case though, you need to teach Lord Ren how to better imitate you. You’d think with how much he looks at you, he would have a good grasp but he’s too expressive.” “Wait, what?” Hux blinked several times. “He looks at me?” The awful uncomfortable fluttering that he had been dreading sparked up in the his gut. “I’m not sure what kind of looking, he could be trying to set you on fire with his mind, but yes. Almost anytime you two end up in the same room, he’s locked upon you.” Hux didn’t know what to say. It didn’t matter, this tidbit of information about Ren, but given their strange new alliance it seemed that it was something he should have noticed. “Thank you, Phasma.” He said again. --------------- “How often do you pleasure yourself?” “ What? ” Ren did the verbal equivalent of a spit take, mouth forming the word once before actually speaking. “If I’m being candid, and I believe at this point there is no choice but to be, either you do it far too much or not enough. Which is it?” They were sitting side by side, again in the center of the floor in Ren’s room, the great rug tickling the sides of their bare feet. Hux had given up on the socks hours ago, Ren’s body was a furnace and he’d begun to sweat between his toes. The earlier meeting had gone easily, it seemed they were slowly getting the hang of the delay between the comms, and each other. Again, it was 0200 on the dot, Ren having showed up an unlikely five minutes early to their meditation meeting. They had avoided each other until settling on the floor, Ren removing the outer layers of his uniform and folding them as Hux busied himself in the fresher. Hux had held out as long as he could, but really, looking at himself was too much. There wasn’t a possible way for him to meditate, his thoughts churning so quickly that he was sure Ren would be able to hear, lessened Force sensitivity or not. He had looked to his left and delivered the question with no hesitation, but now the back of his neck was starting to warm as Ren stared at him in open surprise. Silence stretched. “Well? Answer me, Ren.” Hux forced out, willing the blush that rose so readily on this damnable body not to creep around to his face. “I...I don’t see how that’s your concern.” “You don’t? Really?” Ren looked away as the face across from him shifted into a sarcastic smile. It was entirely alien on Ren’s face, usually so soft looking even when angry. It was hard for him to see those strange looks on himself, but it wasn’t entirely disliked. Hux was managing to make him appear not so unguarded. “I can use the Force, General, that doesn’t mean my body shuts off.” He said, eyes scanning the door they faced. “You’re a grown man! Aren’t Force users supposed to not be...you know? Purity and whatever other nonsense?” “Jedi aren’t supposed to form attachments, they aren’t eunuchs. Anyways, that’s Jedi and it’s all extinct now. Someone attuned to the Dark side ignoring their own carnal desires would be smothering the flame we cultivate to power our use of the Force.” “Our use.” Hux repeated, that damn blush making its way to his laughably large ears. “Well, it’s quite...inconvenient.” Things seemed to click together in Ren’s mind as Hux watched, seeing the planes of his sharp face shift as pieces fell together. “Did you,” Ren couldn’t seem to finish his sentence. “I had to. It wouldn’t leave.” “Oh.” They sat in silence, neither of them wanting to say any words that would solidify the subject. Hux had started the conversation to get it out of the way, now it seemed more firmly in the way than before. Finally, Ren spoke again. “Maybe we should reschedule.” Hux grabbed on like he would to an escape pod. “I think so. We may be too disturbed to attempt to connect to the Force or whatnot tonight.” “Yes. I’ll just. Go.” Ren stood up and threw his uniform back on, back turned, and left swiftly. Hux dropped his head into his hands, sighing. What an idiot he was. What they did in each others bodies would have to be a carefully avoided subject from now on. Notes: Next chapter: Kylo starts thinking about what Hux did, which is really just no good for anyone. The two nerds get sent on a mission. Chapter 9 : No I dont care Summary: Two parter! Expect the second VERY soon. :3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) They had casually avoided each other for several days. Their meditation sessions had been running smoothly, but they hadn't made any real effort to connect since their first miraculous attempt. They needed time, Ren thought to himself, while standing in the fresher and pulling a comb through copper locks, but time was something they didn't really have. They were on the cusp of Hux’s deadline of one week to fix the situation, unfortunately that simply would not happen. Kylo had been trying in all of his free time to practice with the force. He could move objects about as large as his torso, his real one not Hux’s thin but surprisingly fit one, across several feet, but once it got too far from his person the connection would thin and he would drop it. He was able to read surface thoughts, but once again distance was an issue. He growled, dropping his fists onto the sink edge. The most he could do was at the level of a new padawan. As a child he had been able to do more. He doubted Hux was even trying, just playing along and assuming Kylo would fix it. He looked at the gel Hux used to hold back his hair, some disgustingly synthetic clear paste, and knocked it off the sink. Moments later he sighed, picking it up and brushing non-existent dust from the label. The chronometer beeped in a steady rhythm, letting him know that it was 0730. His, rather Hux’s, delta shift on the bridge would start at 0800 and Hux would throw a fit if he was late. The shifts were mind-numbingly dull. He stood for hours, trying to look like Hux in his perfect stance, and relayed directions and orders when necessary. At this point, there were few to be given. The Finalizer had been drifting for a couple months, and his master had not yet found it prudent to include Kylo in discussions as to why. It was something about the Jedi, it had to be. The First Order had been gathering strength for years now, they must be prepared to assist. Not that Kylo or his Knights needed it. Still, the thought made his blood run hot, and he took a feel centering breaths to avoid the adrenaline rush. Kylo set down the gel exactly where he had found it, and went about the last of his business. At least Hux had moved himself to the delta shift. There was no way he was staying up until 0400 for the beta shift. --- The bridge was actually quite beautiful, when one could ignore the aching in their feet. Gamma shift was halfway over, and Kylo had taken to staring out of the window at the end of the center walkway. While it would appear that he was unable to appreciate anything but destruction, he in actuality deeply appreciated the stark lines and shined planes on the ship. The flooring on the bridge had always fascinated him. Nature was so messy, and he had always felt that he belonged among the stars, not on some dirtball planet doing Jedi parlor tricks and calling it power. Two hours in, and there had barely been a peep from the crew or from Hux. As he’d expected. He shifted the annoying little cap further down his forehead. No one was looking at him, of course they weren't, but he still could not shake the feeling of vulnerability that came with being without his mask. “Sir.” came a metallic voice from behind, and Kylo turned sharply, hands still behind his back. Captain Phasma again. The moment he began to feel something close to calm, another object of his anger appeared. It wasn't that she was an exemplary soldier and commander, she always respected authority and knew when to make helpful suggestions. It was that she was so together . Even Hux, as Kylo had learned very quickly, wasn't so collected. He looked it, yes, but it was like the quiet field before a geyser eruption. You pushed him, and he would snap, eventually. Phasma seemed to be made of the same chrome as her armor, utterly unrufflable. He enjoyed her when she wasn't prying into his issues, but he also couldn't begin to understand her. “Captain.” he replied, the simple greeting giving her both permission to speak to him and remain on his bridge. It was strange but calming to hold such easy power as Hux did. “A directive has been passed via a secure channel from the Supreme Leader. It was routed to my datapad, as yours did not give a timely reply.” Kylo tried not to cringe. He hated carrying the silly thing around, when he should be able to pick up all the information he needed from the minds around him. Obviously, that hadn't been working out. It was probably blinking like mad on Hux’s desk. The image was vaguely amusing if you imagined it buzzing clear off the desk and crashing to the floor. Phasma held out the pad, this one with the captain's stripe etched across the back over the symbol of the stormtrooper program. He took it with trepidation, dousing his brief amusement. What if he wanted to meet? They weren't ready to hide this, but should he even try? He took a breath, swallowed, and read the message. General You are to assist Master Ren in his next assignment. Move to the following coordinates and observe the planet. If he requires anything, prepare your crew to offer it. Kylo swallowed again. This wasn't the worst news, but it certainly wasn't the best. A set of coordinates was written directly under the end of the message, a location not terribly far from their current spot drifting through space. “Navigation,” he snapped, needed to put little effort to obtain Hux’s brisk tone in his anxiety, “prepare to jump to hyperspace to the following coordinates immediately.” He read off the numbers, got an affirmative from the navigation lead, and passed the pad back to Phasma. “Thank you for delivering the news. You may return to your post.” “Sir.” she seemed to linger a moment, then retreated from the bridge, cape fluttering. Kylo stayed at the front of the bridge, trying not to let expressions show as he forced himself to look back out at the vast array of stars. “Hux?” A moment of silence had him pushing his nails hard into his palm. “I don’t have time to talk long.” Hux replied, sounding somewhat out of breath. Kylo tried very hard to keep his mind on task. “I assume you got the message from Leader Snoke.” “Yes.” “My message was to go to the planet and obtain an artifact.” Kylo could almost hear Hux rolling his eyes. “It’s has one of the smallest known deposits of kyber crystals, apparently some Sith nonsense occurred there. It should be in and out. The Finalizer is to provide assistance if needed, I don’t expect to need it.” “Yes.” He still wasn't very good at subvocalizing, so he kept it short. Hux seemed to take pity on him. “We should have no trouble keeping the commlink. Don’t do anything unless I say. My crew is well trained, they should be able to handle anything without instruction.” “What is the item?” “That I’m retrieving? I don’t know. I assume I’ll know when I see it.” “Maybe. Don’t touch. Tell me when you see something.” “Stars, you’re still terrible. But yes.” “Drive is primed for hyperspace jump.” called out one of the navigators. “Jump!” he barked, and the world blurred outside the windows. ----- The small deposit of crystals was likely explained by the size of the planet. It was frankly tiny, and Kylo was surprised that it could hold its own orbit. It had a strong magnetic field, common of Force-attuned planets. If he went down there in this body, would he feel it? The ebb and flow of power as it snaked between every point of life? He watched Hux’s shuttle leave the hangar and circle the side of the massive ship before making a beeline for the planet’s surface. No one had tried to take over for him when it rolled into gamma shift. It was only natural for the General to be on the bridge during a mission involving Lord Ren, and the delta shift stayed quietly in place, the head communications officer sending a ship-wide message: No crew shifts until the completion of the current assignment. Kylo had firmly planted himself by a holoscreen, watching the events unfold on the planet below through the optical of a scout droid. The little flying sphere kept several feet behind Hux, and Kylo had a moment of dream-like confusion, looking at his own back as his body walked through a low forest of trees with dark blue leaves. The entrance to the cave was sudden, appearing in a cliff-face that was sheer for several hundred feet up. The forest’s edge bumped up against the rock, and there was barely a shaft of sunlight between before the enveloping darkness of the cave. “Ignite the saber. You’ll see better.” ---- Hux resisted the urge to turn back and glare at the droid. Not only did he have to tromp around on a stupid planet, he had an audience . Lovely. The cave was strangely warm. Not enough to make him uncomfortable in the sweeping black robes, but enough to make the sweat bead on his brow. Or maybe that was the helmet. It had taken him several minutes of deep breathing with his eyes closed before he could feel even marginally alright looking through the eye slot. He could hear his own breathing. Why did Ren ever wear this terrible thing? Thankfully the darkness of the cave made it seem as if it weren't the mask that was obscuring his peripheral vision. Igniting the lightsaber would only bring attention back to that little detail. He ignored Ren, and looked down two wide arching tunnels as he came to a fork. Snoke had given him almost zero instruction. Maybe the all knowing Force was supposed to guide Ren through these missions, but Hux wasn't him. The most given to him in the message had been landing coordinates, near the probable entrance to the cave system. At least that bit had been uncomplicated. “Left or right?” he asked aloud. The droid had no microphones, so his message would only reach Ren through their throat mics. “Feel it.” “Dammit, you feel it.” “Then guess.” He would not give Ren the satisfaction of hearing him curse, so he kept it down. Feel it. What in all hells did feel it mean? The notion of guessing was utterly alien to him and he would not do it, so he would have to figure out feeling it . He closed his eyes again, and took a deep breath that hissed at his ears. Maybe if he could just try to meditate, something would happen. Nothing happened, but he thought he could feel the droid judging him from behind. Could he feel the droid? He thought maybe he could feel it hovering, shifting left then right. That model didn't need to move to keep aloft. “Are you moving the droid?” he muttered, trying to keep his focus. “Yes. Keep going.” Though it was certainly imagined, he thought he could hear the excitement in Ren’s reply. He could also... Hux let his feet pull him ahead, stepping into the left tunnel. He eased his eyes open as he walked, feeling something like an ache in his chest. He had this notion from somewhere undefined that if he followed his feet, the ache would abate. He tried very hard not to think, a task that was surprisingly easier than normal. The tunnel widened incrementally until it opened, coming into a cavern that was wider than it was tall, with lower ceilings than the average building but higher than the Finalizer . The droid’s lights gave just enough illumination to see the rough walls, glinting. “Do you feel that?” “Feel what.” Hux drawled but he did. Well, whatever that was. He felt drawn, still, the ache swelling as the stepped towards the nearest wall. They were sporadically set with mostly clear crystals, some deeply embedded and others looking like they could fall out at the slightest touch. “These are kyber crystals.” he said, more to affirm it for himself. He had seen them before, of course, but always after cutting and polish, when they were ready to be weaponized in high powered rifles and cannons. These were rough, some clearly cracked, and more opaque than they were not. “Yes. They all have a color but only when energy is applied, based on refractional properties and trace minerals.” “I know that.” Hux snapped, managing to parse out the garbled words, but he had no fire in it. He ran his hand along the wall, and the ache swelled again. He closed his eyes and let himself follow it. The feeling led him deeper into the cavern, ghosting along the wall until suddenly, the ache vanished, to be replaced with a sense of rightness. Eyes opening, Hux found the gloved hand settled upon a crystal, small and slightly rounded and jutting perpendicular to the rock face. “This isn't the artifact, I assume.” “No.” “Well, I’m taking it.” Hux tried to pull the crystal out of the wall, but it wouldn't budge. The leather slipped around the tiny thing and out of his grip. “Apparently you aren’t.” Ren just had to have kriffing sass at the most irritating possible moment. “I am.” he said firmly, and held his hand out. There was a strange brief hum in his mind, and the crystal cracked out of the wall, dropping into his hand. It really was little, but Hux stared at it in wonder nonetheless. He hadn't even intended to use the Force, it simply seemed like a natural motion. It had simply happened. Was this what wielding the Force was like? “Well done, General.” “Oh shut up.” Hux tucked the crystal between his belt and his robes and kept going, all mysterious feelings vanishing from his chest. ---- It took him over an hour to find the thing he had been sent for. That Ren had been sent for. Ren had actually seen it first, tucked into a shadowed altar carved into the wall. The altar was set with polished but uncut crystals in a circle, and in the center sat a dusty text. Grumbling about priorities, and how the Dark Side had them all wrong, Hux picked up the book without so much as a flutter of the Force or whatever he had been feeling earlier. He flipped through it despite Ren’s protest, finding that one: he couldn't read it, and two: the ink was so faded that even if he could read the characters, he still may not be able to actually read it. He tucked it in opposite the crystal. It wasn't as if it would hinder his movement, he was already wearing Ren’s corset of a waist belt. “I’m returning to the shuttle.” As he turned away from the altar, the ground rumbled. Only for a moment. He kept going, taking what he mapped in his mind to be the shortest path back to the entrance. The rumbles continued, short tremors at random moments, that grew more intense as he reached the exit. “Ren…” Hux started slowly, beginning to edge towards the entrance rather than walk. His hand went back to the lightsaber, though he had no earthly idea how to use it properly. They didn't teach you longsword combat in the Academy. “Careful.” “Obviously.” he snapped back, but he dropped his voice to a whisper as the cave began lightening. ------ He had a bad feeling. It started as a tickling behind his ears, and had turned into something more like an ache in his jaw. Maybe that was because of Hux’s regular stress. He’d had to unclench his jaw at least six times in the past week, but this felt different. Ren had his eyes glued to the holoscreen, watching Hux advance slowly. “Prepare a trooper shuttle to the surface.” he said, unmoving. “Yes, sir.” “Are we expecting something?” Phasma again. She didn’t know when to buzz off, did she? Ren’s jaw again tightened by measures. “I expect everything, Captain.” he said, thinking that was something Hux would say in his most assured or stressed moments. “Ha.” she said the word, with as little true humor as possible. “You are bad at this.” What in all hells… Ren’s mounting anxiety over the Captain and her perceptiveness was once again put aside as something slammed into the droid. It careened towards the ground in a blur and the camera went dead. “Dammit!” Ren said, startling half the crew. He whirled around, “Tell me the troopers are ready.” “They are in the shuttle sir. Order to launch?” “Wait.” he said, then turned away to pretend to access a screen. “Hux.” “By stars Ren, do you not get any warning about the planets you drop in on?” Hux sounded out of breath again, and he could just hear something loud in the background. “No, what is it? Visual’s gone.” “Some godforsaken beast, it's massive but it has” he broke off, and Ren recognized the sound of his saber connecting with something, “some sort of camouflage.” “I’m sending troopers.” “I almost have it, it’s just-kriff!” The sound of the saber again. “There are more. Smaller, faster, but, augh!” Ren jerked upright, reacting to the sound of what was clearly pain. He began back down the side walkway. “Contact Major Bengell and get him up here, he’s taking over command.” He felt the crew's eyes watching him try not to sprint for the doors. “Sir, where are you going?” He glanced back, Unamo. Hux had always had praise for her. “To the surface. Hold that shuttle until I get there.” Notes: Wow I'm so glad to be back! I had several people coming to me during my kbb hiatus saying they really enjoyed this story, and goodness that gave me the happy fuzzies. So I am so pleased to give you something new. Thanks for sticking with me! Chapter 10 : Though i'm acting like i'm in an episode What was most surprising was that his arms weren't getting tired. Hux swung the spitting blade upwards, then brought it down in a long arc down the middle that split the head from the shoulders of one of the unfairly many creatures that had blocked him at the entrance of the cave. They were darkly colored, fur thick with undertones of blue that made them blend almost seamlessly into the forest. They didn't seem to use it, opting to somehow camouflage. If Hux had time after hacking them all to pieces, he would consider taking samples, it would be helpful to be able to hide troopers on delicate missions. An extremely large specimen, a full head and shoulders over Kylo’s height, had been blocking the opening, and had lunged at him as soon as their eyes met. Hux had dodged, leaving the monstrous swiping paw to catch the droid and slam it to the cave floor where it exploded in a flurry of sparks. Coming up from a roll, he had ignited the blade without needing to think, and managed to land a slash across its muzzle. The creature had backed out quickly, growling with a rumble that Hux thought he could feel in his bones, and he advanced only to be caught in the entranceway by what was clearly an ambush of the smaller ones. They had lined themselves up on either side of the entrance, pushed flat as they could against the cliff and shading their fur to a dark chocolate brown to match the exposed soil. Hux managed to block the first that jumped at him, teeth that were tinged with green coming dangerously close to his arm before he sidestepped, bringing the blade in a diagonal slash to easily lop off a paw. Small was a relative term. They were still larger than was really reasonable, heads reaching his waist past legs that counted for quite a lot of Ren’s height. He was telling Ren that he’d been caught by the pack of ten or so beasts when one reared up behind him, crashing a paw across his shoulder blades. The blow tossed him forward and he felt skin split under its claws. He yelled, angling to change his trajectory to land back in the cave in an attempt to bottleneck his enemies. He heard Ren say ‘to the surface’ and then he wasn’t paying attention as they spilled in through the opening. --- For a moment he’d had several officers chase him off the bridge and down the hall towards the second of their two hangars, trying to convince him not to go down to the planet. Phasma followed him like a shadow, and with stern words turned away the officers and sent them scuttling back to their posts. Ren didn't know whether to thank her or be more concerned, but he didn't have time to think about her at all. Hux was down there, in his body, being attacked. The thought sent his stomach into an angry clenching motion and he squeezed his eyes shut for a moment. He wasn’t worried about Hux , of course not, he was worried about his body . He tried to get in touch with Hux as he tore down the hallway and to a lift. “What’s happening?” Hux’s voice came through strained and with a crackle that sounded like something on the mic was damaged. “For the love of gods, Ren, I don’t have time to try and understand your shit attempts at subvocalizing. Speak to me or shut up until I am finished.” “Fine.” Ren snapped, irritation bubbling up until he no longer cared if Phasma was behind him or not. “What is happening? Give me a status update.” “I was hoping you’d…” there was a pause and a scuffling sound, “by stars they are quick. You’d shut up, but there’s seven left at least, I’ve killed three, but the large one is lurking beyond the treeline and I can’t see him but I can hear him. They aren't intimidated by your glowing magic sword, but it cuts through well enough. How do you use this thing, anyways? It has a ridiculous amount of resistance.” Hux’s report was interspersed with sudden pauses and sounds of fighting, and Ren heard a deep growl close to the end. “Injuries?” “One got a paw across my back. With the result of your general recklessness I’m sure it’s fine but it burns like all hell.” “Is that the logic?” Ren replied. “Of course. You better have that kriffing shuttle off the ship by now.” “We are launching now,” Ren practically ran up the boarding ramp of the assault lander, coming face-to-face with twenty or more stormtroopers, “aren’t we?” he yelled towards the cockpit. “Yes Sir! Closing ramp, takeoff in 30 seconds!” Phasma edged in behind him, and the stormtroopers split down the middle in a wave to let her pass further back into the shuttle. “General, it’s more spacious back here, rather than crammed against the exit.” Kylo eyed her retreating back and slid between the white armor of the troopers, coming to an open square space just past them. Their commlink was quiet, as quiet as it could be with the sounds of violence intermittently bursting over the crackling line, and they reached the surface in mere minutes, the flagship hovering just out of orbit. He heard a garbled sound and he straightened up tighter, if that were even possible. “What?” “I said,” Hux huffed, “five. I hear the shuttle.” “Landing now, don't get distracted.” “I can think of more than one thing at once. But be aware of the large one when you come through.” The ramp dropped open on quick hydraulics and the stormtroopers streamed out, Phasma marching behind. Kylo followed last, a sense of anxiety flooding back into his chest. Phasma signaled her squad, and they fanned into two groups beside her and advanced in a silent half circle towards the caves. He knew better than to try and speak to Hux, instead pulling the blaster off his hip. It wasn’t Hux’s personal weapon, but a sidearm given to him in desperation by an officer on his rush to the shuttle. He appreciated it now, hearing the growls in person. A deep one rumbled through the forest, shaking dew off the midnight leaves, and the troopers glanced at one another. Phasma gave them a second, firm, Forward signal, and they continued. They met no resistance to the treeline, but Kylo could feel they were watched, a tingle between his shoulderblades that he experienced in his own body as well. He never knew if it was from the force or his own trained sense of perception. Breaking through a patch of low bushes, they came on a mess of a fight. The space was barely large enough to fit all the troopers in a circular formation, and the beasts, both dead and alive, made it a crowded space. Hux had been holding out well, strategizing to step out of the cave to draw them close, then hacking at those eager enough to cross the threshold as he stepped back. Hack was certainly the correct word for it. Hux had none of the flourish that Kylo naturally put into his attacks, but his aim was impeccable. The beasts were simply very fast, as evidenced by their almost lazy dodges as the troopers opened fire. Kylo stood just beyond the treeline to watch as Hux retreated back into the cave to avoid blaster fire, only the glint of silver on the helmet showing in the darkness. Several minutes passed. The stormtroopers were having a rough time of it, only killing one of the beasts. None of them had fallen yet, but it was assuredly only a matter of time. The beasts seemed to have some fairly decent level of intelligence, becoming more bold as they realized that the troopers couldn’t track them well enough to hit, lunging forward in well-timed bursts to snap at their legs. This would never end, and Kylo rolled his eyes and aimed the blaster. He squeezed off three shots, specifically trying not to think, and buried all three in the chest of the one nearest to him. It dropped, and he smiled. This seemed to bolster the troopers, and they killed another within the next minute. “Seven.” “Three left,” Kylo called out. “Four.” His stomach dropped. “Wait.” He saw Hux come out of the cave, now having enough space. The beasts had all but forgotten him at the prospect of even more food in strange white skin. He couldn’t tell through the helmet, but got a sudden surge of what was unmistakably fear. “Ren you idiot! Behind you!” A growling roar erupted from the trees, coming from higher up than it had any right to, and very, very close. Kylo threw himself forward, tucking into a shoulder roll that took him most of the way across the clearing and popped back up only somewhat dusty, whirling around to point the blaster at what truly an unfairly large creature. He could see the cauterized gash across its nose, though it was still sluggishly pushing out dark green blood that splattered onto the dark soil. It stood exactly where he had been only a moment earlier, and the troopers scattered away in a loose approximation of formation to give it space. “Fire!” Kylo bellowed, sweeping an arm up to point two fingers at the beast. Hux came to his side as the troopers threw everything they had at the beast, and under the barrage of fire from ten blasters it convulsed and collapsed to the ground. The last of the smaller ones scattered away, disappearing easily into the trees. He looked over to Hux, who had shut off the saber and was trying not to show that he was favoring his right side. “It’s fine, hmm?” “Quiet.” Hux snapped, attempting to stand up straighter and flinching. “It was fine, before I had to swing that horribly unbalanced weapon around for ten minutes. Now it is not fine.” Looking at Hux like this, with his helmet on, he could almost believe it was him under it, that this strange and horrible situation was just a dream. As if he could pull off the helmet and see Hux’s face, and wonder why by all the gods he was wearing Ren’s clothes. The voice modulator made words sound like they could be anyone’s. He let himself dwell in the fantasy for a moment, until Phasma approached. “The way back is clear, General.” She did not have her head angled to either of them. “I assume we want to get Lord Ren to medbay?” “Yes. I believe he got what he came for.” Ren replied, still looking at Hux. He dragged his face back towards the Captain. “Tell them to warm the engines if they aren’t still running, I want to get back with no time wasted.” “Yes Sir.” -- The beeping heart monitor pulled Hux gently out of sleep. He felt heavy, and his back was uncomfortably itchy. He rolled carefully up into a sitting position, noticing the blood IV wired into his arm and managing to avoid a tug on it. He was rolling his neck and shoulders and trying not to gasp at the discomfort when a nurse stepped into the room. “Oh! You’re awake, Lord Ren. I’ll have the General contacted.” He turned back out fast enough that Hux didn’t have time to tell him no. What the hell, were they attached at the hip now? He rolled his eyes to the ceiling. Unfortunately, in a way, they were. They were actually attached in a much worse way. He felt Ren coming before he got to the room. He settled himself as gently as he could against the wall, gauze patches crinkling, and when Ren arrived he even managed to look marginally comfortable, even though he felt very exposed without a shirt. They looked at one another, and Hux felt a wave of uncomfortable nostalgia. This was exactly how things had been, with less pain involved, when he had first woken into this nightmare. He felt that Ren would tug him up any second, but he simply kept a respectful distance, hands clasped behind his back. “They say you will be released at the next Alpha shift. Bacta handled the worst of it, but you’ll need to take care not to overstretch.” Hux had nothing to say. “Oh.” “You underestimated your injury. I saw it as they were putting you under. You’re lucky you didn’t get a vertebra clipped.” “Yes, lucky.” They entered an awkward silence. The words turned over in Hux’s head until he came to a realization. “I apologize.” Ren looked up from where his eyes had been roving the floor. “For what, Lord Ren? You completed your objective. We lost no lives. It was enough of a success.” Kylo, when he tried, was getting scarily good at acting as him. The room was wired with cameras and microphones. “I’ve been injured. There will be scars.” He looked Ren in the eyes. It seemed to take Ren a moment to understand, brows furrowing into a look that was quite silly on Hux’s face. It clicked. “Ah. Yes. Well, that’s unimportant, I’m sure you have plenty already. You’ll heal shortly and it will be fine. What are scars but trophies on a warrior's body?” Hux understood that to mean that Ren didn’t much care that Hux had gotten his body near-shredded. He hadn’t looked too closely, but had noticed Ren’s body was crisscrossed with little white lines and spots, the results of bacta getting on a wound a bit late. He would have been furious if Ren got him injured, especially anything that left an external mark. But they were different, and he was unintentionally relieved that Ren wasn’t angry. He shouldn’t even have been apologetic, but he had made a mistake, didn’t have his guard up high enough. “On that subject, I also apologize.” Hux pulled out of his thoughts. “For what?” Embarrassment was also a silly look on Hux’s face. Hux was about to tell him to knock it off until he spoke again. “I should have...the beast. I should have known it was there.” What was he supposed to say to that? ‘Yes, you should have’? He watched Ren’s expression shift from embarrassed to irritated. “It’s...our objective,” he paused, “would be easier if I was able to have my full attention.” The words came out stilted and difficult, as he was obviously beginning to hold back his anger. His use of present tense was a giveaway, he was again lamenting his greatly reduced force sensitivity. It was a sore point, for good reason, but feeling sorry over it wasn’t going to help. Hux wracked his brain. “While that’s true, your apology is unnecessary. Though I would prefer if you didn’t put yourself in harm's way.” Ren scowled. “I...I went out there for you .” “Regardless,” Hux said, suddenly feeling like he didn’t have a full grasp on the conversation, “you’re not meant to be out there. Your place is on the bridge.” “Not if your success is on the line.” Hux wanted to drop his head into his hands, but...well he wasn’t in his body was he? It wouldn’t at all be out of character for Ren. He compromised by cradling his head into one hand and sighing. “We can discuss this more later.” In private , went unsaid. “Shall we set a meeting after your release? 0200?” Did he really want Hux to attempt to meditate with freshly healed wounds making his back itch like no tomorrow? Ren was giving him a hard look, doing well at using Hux’s sharp features for once. “Yes, that’s fine.” he sighed, and Ren left without a parting word. --- Hux almost didn’t catch the piece of wood flying at his face, but in his surprise it slowed in mid air, coming to rest more gently in his thrown-up hands. Ren huffed angrily at him, “I shouldn’t be angry you can do that.” “You shouldn’t.” Hux agreed, but he understood. He would much prefer that Ren have his Force powers. That Ren have his own body . But they were convenient to stop him from getting hit with things. “Excuse me, what’s this?” He gestured slightly with the wood. “Practice saber.” Ren replied, picking up a second from the desk. “For what, might I ask? Are we going to meditate with these?” “We aren’t meditating. You wouldn’t be able to focus.” In that at least Ren was right. Hux had been correct in his prediction: his back itched, quite a lot. “Oh, so you expect me to swing this around then?” Ren twirled the wooden saber expertly, spinning once. Hux didn’t usually let his body twist like that, and Ren rolled his shoulders. “Not like you did today. That was horrible. We will both be training today. You’re fit, General, but the muscles needed to hold a saber are underdeveloped.” Hux leaned on the saber like a cane, resting his weight on one foot. “Because I don’t need those muscles, Ren. I don’t swing sabers.” He was hit with a wave of memory, and started himself to both feet. “Wait, where is the crystal? It wasn’t among my clothes when I was released.” Twirling the saber again, Ren reached his offhand into the desk and pulled out the small piece of mineral. “I took it and the book. I sent the book to Snoke.” He rolled the crystal, vaguely ovular, in his palm. “It really is tiny.” “Yes, well, it is what it is. Anyways, good, I’m relieved it found its way to you.” Ren looked up. “Why’s that?” “It’s yours?” He watched Ren close his fist around it slowly, and for some reason was sad it was out of sight. “No it isn’t.” He put down the saber and came to stand in front of Hux. “It’s yours.” Hux scoffed. “For what?” Taking one last glance at the crystal, Ren took Hux’s free hand and placed the crystal into it. It felt warm. “I don’t know. But it was you who was drawn to it, therefore it is meant for you.” “In your body, with your Force powers. I have nothing to do with all this strange mysticism. I have no use for a tiny kyber crystal.” He said that, but suddenly felt reluctant to give it back. “Then it’s a gift. The pull to a crystal is involved with your attunement to the Force, yes, but a crystal is chosen for the person, not the body. Just keep it.” Hux sighed and pulled his hand from Ren’s, where it had been sitting cradled in his palm. “Fine.” He tucked it back into Ren’s belt. He looked back at the practice saber, sitting innocuously on the desk. “Aren’t I not supposed to overstretch, doctor’s orders?” Ren look pleased. “These will be basic forms, to get you into the movements. If we are lucky my body will pick up the rest from muscle memory, and you’ll just do it.” “Hopefully it will never need to.” Hux grumbled, settling into a ready stance. Picking up his saber, Ren tutted. “Now first off, that’s a blaster firing stance, not a sword stance…” Chapter 11 : If This is a Rom-Com Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was entirely possible that the lull that followed the mess they’d encountered planetside was simply a recharge of their karma, before everything went to hell again. For a week, things were calm. Hux’s -rather, Ren’s- skin healed over, leaving shiny long scars from spine to right hip that were fascinating to view but a constant reminder when they pulled awkwardly and rubbed against clothes. Meditation was still at 0200 every cycle, but it hadn’t seemed that they had made much progress. Hux could sometimes think he felt a presence during their sessions, but no more was said aloud. Saber training had been a hilariously failed affair, while meditation always had a somber, almost funereal tone. Somehow, in Hux’s frankly overtaxed schedule, they had found time to “Hit each other with sticks,” as Hux so succinctly put it, with maximum sarcasm marring Ren’s soft voice. Kylo was growing frustrated, primarily but not singularly, at Hux’s inability to break from the stances and movements that had been drilled into him at the Academy. “For the tenth time ,” he seethed, resisting the urge to smack Hux with the piece of wood he held, “it’s not a blaster, or a knife-” “Or any of those tools you’ve used, blah blah, it’s a saber and if you keep using military forms you will be cut down in seconds before a real Force user.” Hux parroted, his voice low and mocking, still pretending to be Kylo when he was . It would have been amusing if Kylo wasn’t so angry. Before he could open his mouth, Hux continued. “But I’m not a real Force user, am I? I wasn’t trained in these forms from childhood, these aren’t my abilities, and I will likely never meet another user because I am not staying in here .” He pointed to his chest, muscles straining against a tight black training shirt. “This is ludicrous, Ren. I can manage beasts and normal men just fine without training.” Kylo lashed out, clacking their sabers together as Hux brought his through in an arc to block the blow to his side. “Your stance is too narrow, your elbows are locked, and I could easily slip my saber down and slice off your leg because your angle is wrong.” “But I blocked you, and that is enough.” “It isn’t !” Kylo hollered, the well of patience that had been graciously bestowed upon him to this point running dry. How did Hux not understand? “If Supreme Leader sends you out again, I cannot guarantee I will be there. You will be ill equipped, and will suffer.” Hux looked at him closely. “Are you...concerned for my wellbeing? I was under the impression you were not concerned for your bodily safety.” Kylo met his eyes and swallowed. He didn’t know what he was, anymore. He tracked his eyes around the training room that they had reserved for this time every cycle, after carefully and quietly disabling the monitoring devices. It was unlikely anyone would attempt to review the footage, but the complaint occurring if they did would end up on Hux’s digital desk anyways. His eyes alighted on the droids across the room, deactivated. “I...am.” he admitted, the words pushed hard from his lungs. They had barely had time to keep up appearances and work towards a solution, let alone think. But think he had, in the small spaces between the voice in his ear and looking at his own face. He tracked his eyes slowly back over the wall and to the man across again. Hux was behind those eyes, however brown they may currently be. He wanted to see him in his rightful place again, but he didn’t want to lose the time they currently spent in each other’s company. But that was a thought for another time, and something needed to be done to get that calculating gaze from digging too far. “Listen to me,” he started, taking a deep breath through the nose to calm himself, “you don’t need to learn the forms from the ground up, you already know them. What you need to do is stop thinking so hard about it. Let my body react as it has been trained to your mental stimuli. It’s akin to wiggling your toes. You don’t have to say ‘wiggle’ in your head. You simply want to do it, and it happens. Now, take a moment, and back to ready.” He pulled his saber away, settling into a ready stance. Hux rolled his eyes hard, letting them linger on the ceiling, and reset. Kylo lunged at him without warning, swinging it without flourish towards his hip. Hux slid his foot out, widened his stance, faced his saber down and pushed to the side, shoving the offending saber away in a hanging parry. Then he looked a bit surprised. “I told you.” he said, a grin splitting Hux’s stern features. “Ugh, don’t do that to my face. Yes, for once you were correct.” “Thank you,” Kylo had the graciousness to school his features, knowing he could only push Hux so far before he stormed off in a huff. He definitely enjoyed being right, especially when Hux admitted it. “So let’s do it again.” ------ Hux made it back to Ren’s quarters with minimal interception, only seeing a Lieutenant and two pairs of stormtroopers. He could only hope they didn’t recognize him, having bundled the awful helmet in his robes and opting to lug the mass back rather than change out of his training clothes. Truth was, after the horrors of that blue-forest planet, he was even less likely to wear the monstrosity. Hearing his own breath hard in his ears as he fought for his life, the limited view through the visor without having a true grasp of the world around through the Force as Ren did, it had been frankly terrifying but fight response had taken over and only when he had woken up in medbay without it on did the true horror set in. If he had his way, he wouldn't wear it ever again, Ren’s Dark Side aesthetic be damned. He keyed into the pad and stepped into the room. Dumping the pile of fabric onto the bed, he wandered into the refresher to bathe, and returned to the room a short time later, towel tucked tightly at his waist. He checked his datapad, and then wandered slowly to the desk that Ren never used. Hux, in his work-oriented obsessiveness, had turned the desk into something functional. His datapad sat primly in a corner, while flimsiplast copies of certain documents sat in neat piles around the holocomputer. For a minute his hand, Ren’s nails closely cropped and a dark pink, hovered over the drawer set into the center. It was tempting to pull it open though he knew he shouldn’t, but after another moment of hesitation he did so anyways, reaching in and dragging up a small box. He had found it a fairly simple task to figure out how to lock the box with the Force, eliminating the need for a key or caution of tampering by an outside party. It had a tiny mechanism inside that he visualized, and with a soft click the box opened and he could look down at the small crystal again, nestled in a scrap of Ren’s cape fabric. It wasn’t as if he would miss it, it was torn to ribbons anyways and splashed in spots with dried blood. Hux was determined to get a new cape, and had truly shredded the old one. He took the little mineral out and held it, warming in his palm and glinting in the white light. A silly thing, yes, but he had been told to keep it, and it felt right. Kyber crystals, real ones, were rare. It was an interesting thing to possess even if it wouldn’t be used. Hux tucked it back gently, locked it away, and returned to dressing. ------ A beep marked Ren’s entrance into the room, and within a few steps he had yanked off his command cap and tossed it on the nearest surface, a kitchenette counter set into the wall. It narrowly missed the steaming cup of caf, and Hux looked up to scowl at him. “Was that necessary?” “Yes,” Ren scowled back, “your shifts on the bridge are both boring and annoying. I’m tired of it. Take a day off.” Hux gave him a look that said he thought he was quite stupid. At least he hoped it did, because that was what he was thinking. “No.” He pulled himself to his feet from the desk, where he had been busy trying his best to read reports, and went to retrieve the cap before it slipped into the sink. “You don’t even do anything up there!” Ren complained, unzipping his boots while leaned against the wall. “I am there in case something occurs that my crew alone cannot handle. Therefore, no. Now go sit down, it's already 0210.” Hux dusted off the hat, set it down on gently on the far end of the countertop and turned to Ren, who was inelegantly pulling off his jacket. “What have you done to my hair.” Ren gave him a puzzled glance. “Nothing?” “Yes, exactly. That’s the problem.” Hux stared at his own hair, in a style he hadn’t worn since he had started at the Academy. It looked...soft, mostly. It looked thoroughly combed, shining copper even in low light and without gel it had a volume that fluffed up his hard side part to something utterly casual that even the hat hadn’t dampened. Ren continued to look confused, then it seemed a metaphorical light bulb went off as his expression shifted. “Oh, you usually gel it back. Didn’t have time. This is more comfortable anyways.” He shook his head out, fluffing it up even more. It looked exceedingly young and frankly unacceptable. He watched in shock as Ren ran his hands through the mess then sat down in his usual spot on the carpet. “Wear it properly from now on.” he demanded, holding on to the edge of the counter. “Why?” Hux knew that tone, even disguised by his own voice. Ren was being difficult for amusement. He gripped the counter harder. “It’s unprofessional.” “Is your hair not cut to regulation, General?” Ren dared to run a hand through it again, it fell back and settled partly in front of his eye. He couldn’t even, this was just improper. His hair length was pushing it, yes but dammit that wasn’t the point. Hux marched over and sat directly in front of Ren, leaning in close so they were eye to eye. “You will not make a fool of me in front of my crew by wearing my hair like that. It’s undignified and sets a poor example. Fix it tomorrow.” Ren appeared entirely unfazed, going so far as to look away from him and to the desk. “I’m unsure if such double standards will work in your favor.” “Excuse me?” They’d been doing so well recently, things running smoothly as they could, and now Ren had settled back towards his difficult nature. “I said, I'm unsure if double standards will work in your favor, specifically in this instance.” He pulled his eyes away just as Hux looked to where he had been gazing. His stomach dropped just an inch, seeing the helmet perched there. He looked back into his own eyes, which were almost mischievously narrowed as Ren watched him. “You haven’t been wearing it.” Hux had no words, and he glanced down to see the other mouth, twisting up in a wry smile. He looked away. “That isn’t-” “It is.” Ren cut him off, but leaned in very briefly to bump the tips of their noses, then settled back, putting a respectable amount space between them. Hux was so startled he forgot what he had been ready to say. “My physical presence is as important as yours, but I am willing to make exceptions. I have no concern about the crew seeing my face at this time, in small groups. I ask that you wear it to assemblies, or off-ship.” Hux seriously doubted that. Someone with his power and off-putting aura didn’t really need to be concerned about reputation. He had no one to prove himself to other than the Supreme Leader. He sniffed, trying to pull together the righteous anger he held before Ren had booped their noses. He didn’t even want to begin parsing that one out yet. Ren looked passive, as if that wasn’t the weirdest thing that had passed between them since...well...a lot of strange things had happened, granted. “Well, that seems to be the end of that conversation. You wanted to hurry, so let’s go.” Ren closed his eyes, clearly assuming Hux would follow. Left without any real options save making a fool of himself, he did. It was easier this time than it had been the whole week, once Hux settled his strange thoughts into a small space that he then let fall away into the nothing. Nothingness came easier now, but connecting their minds had become the new problem. Hux was unsure of the source. Was it how different they were? Was he simply poor at this? He didn’t doubt that, but generally speaking he was a quick study. He should be able to conquer this, just like everything else. “Let those go,” Ren muttered. Maybe they were closer than he thought, and Hux tried to let his concern over his ability fall away with everything else. He floated, quiet and still in the empty space, and waited for Ren. Ren had said that surface thoughts, fleeting ones that required little focus, were acceptable during light meditation. While he waited, memories flitted by, important moments from their time in this mess. He settled on Phasma, finding her memory in his mind comforting and calming. It wasn’t that they were friends, exactly, but they were comrades with similar ideals, and he trusted her. He let their last conversation replay behind his eyes with minimal detail, unaware of the red-brown wolf that was Ren’s consciousness slipping in. It was a scandalized gasp that drew him out of meditation, the real world crashing back into his senses. His eyes snapped open to lock with green ones, rapidly turning brightly pale with anger. “Phasma knows ?” Hux fought not to look away from his own face as Ren spat the words angrily at him. He knew immediately that he should have told Ren earlier, but well, in a strange way it wasn’t any of his business. Phasma had been his tether to sanity, having her know about the hell that was his current life made it all a little more acceptable, more real, more than just a nightmare he couldn’t get out of. He pulled in a large breath, angling back Ren’s giant shoulders. “Yes, Captain Phasma is aware of our situation.” Ren stood up, wobbling slightly. How long had they been sitting? “You didn’t think it prudent to tell me? Did you tell her? ” Hux certainly did not like being below Ren, no matter whose body he was in, so he stood, brushing off his pants. They ached. “I did not. She figured it out on her own. I wonder how.” He looked up at Ren, challenge in his glare. Honestly, the man had no right to be angry about this, after instigating the whole thing. “You told her.” Ren accused, pointing at him. If Ren’s idiocy didn't kill him, the emotional whiplash certainly would. “I just said I didn’t, she confronted me. What was I to do, lie?” “ Yes! ” The cup on the counter flew off, smashing to the floor near their feet. “Oh, very good Ren, fantastic usage of your limited abilities. Would you like your lightsaber back too then?” It was unwise to goad him, but he had never backed down from a fight with Ren. He refused to look at hindsight which told him, given current events, maybe he should. The datapad went next, cracking the screen on the metal floor, inches away from the safety of the rug. “This could ruin us, Hux, and you told a Captain ,” “She is more than a Captain, if you bothered to learn anything about the Order,” “This gives us less security in return for what?” “We have more resources,” “Oh and hows that?” “Because Phasma can be trusted to assist us!” “Doing what ? Can she switch us back? No? Then she is simply a liability!” “Can you ?” Silence fell in the wake of their hollering. Ren looked struck, followed by a stormy look overtaking Hux’s light features. Hux somewhat regretted saying it, but pushed it away. Ren needed to focus on the problem, and trust him to handle the logistics. Did Hux pretend to have a knowledge in the ways of the Force? No. He listened to Ren. In turn, he damn well expected the same deference in these matters. But Ren never did as he was asked or ordered, which was why they had never gotten on. Ren glared at him, seemingly out of words. He snatched up his outfit, shoved his boots on while Hux watched, and stormed out the door, punching the wall as he passed through. Hux winced at the sound of his flesh hitting metal, but managed to hold his tongue as the door closed. --- Hux’s datapad beeped in a familiar rhythm, and without looking he pressed the answer key. “Sir, there is something I’d like to speak to you about. Are you available for a meeting before 1600?” Hux sighed. Captain Phasma had a way of being around when people didn’t exactly want her. True, it was extremely helpful for keeping the troopers in line, but in his personal life it was less than desireable. “Yes, I can meet now.” “Should I come to your quarters?” “Why not.” He usually wasn’t so candid, but it was a private line and he was in a foul mood. She arrived with little delay, holding a small box in her hands as the door slid open. “Thank you for seeing me my Lord.” she said as he placed it on the desk. “Oh, drop the formality Phasma, you know it’s me in here and I haven’t the patience.” “Of course.” She pulled off her helmet and settled against the wall. “Well? What did you want to meet on?” She tilted her head slightly. “I would like to go over the last two weeks of reports from the Stormtrooper program, but I think you need what’s in the box first, given your attitude.” He was struck silent for a moment, an act that had become exceedingly common as of late. The Stormtrooper program had been the farthest thing from his mind. Really, he hadn’t been thinking much of anything for the past day or so, since his argument with Ren. It was extremely unlike him. Was he getting sick? Without forethought he went to feel his forehead but managed to disguise the move as reaching for the box. No need to look even more pathetic. Inside was a small bottle of dark liquid, unlabeled. It was probably only sixteen or so ounces, but that was plenty. He grinned at Phasma. “You are correct. I do need this. We can drink and talk. Unfortunately we only have the floor, Ren doesn’t seem to believe in guest seating.” He hauled himself up and went to the rug, then plopped himself down with little concern. Phasma was simply watching him. “What?” “Nothing, only seeing Ren smile...it's quite strange. He looks boyish.” Hux knew what she was talking about. One morning, just after the beginning of this whole mess, he had spent a half hour in front of the mirror in the fresher, twisting and contorting Ren’s face into as many expressions as he could think of. Ren’s features were overly open and expressive, the smallest twitch making a clear signal. But Ren’s apparently vulnerability was not what he wanted to think about at the moment. He twisted off the cap, and as Phasma went to take a seat he held up his hand, bringing two glasses flying across the room. “So you can use his powers then.” Phasma was almost as good as him at concealing her emotions, and he couldn’t tell if she was impressed or concerned. “A little.” Hux poured them both a generous amount, “Telekinesis seems to be the easiest part to grasp.” He did not mention how he, more often as time went on, used it unintentionally. He took the glass and upended it, swallowing the contents down as Phasma watched, taking a polite swallow from her own. Phasma raised an eyebrow as Hux poured himself another shot. “I believe there is something else I should bring to your attention, besides the reports.” she began, and Hux picked up his glass again. “What is it?” “You should be aware that there has been a new crop of rumors beginning.” Hux let out a long-suffering sigh, and tossed back the shot. He would need it to deal with this. The Finalizer was its own little world drifting through space, and even though his crew was impeccably trained and loyal to a fault, they were still only human. The rumor mill was bound to exist, but he did try to keep tabs on the current subjects, in case anyone or anything needed to be stomped out. “Well, what about then?” Taking another sip, this one lasting longer than the first, Phasma seemed to almost be stalling before she cleared her throat with resolve. “They have been centering on you, and Ren, and the both of you. I believe they started after that...incident on KH-3.” Ah yes, that had been the name of that terrible little scrap of a planet that Hux wanted to forget forever. He looked up at her, waiting. “Ah, so, there have been some, interesting theories over Ren’s -your- decision to go planetside personally. That’s never happened before. You -Ren- scared the bridge crew half to death.” Hux held up a hand and Phasma paused. “Alright, I know this is wildly confusing, and I am not even immune to confusing my own identity when speaking. But, for the simplicity of it, just refer to us as the minds, not the bodies. You were saying?” Phasma nodded, looking the tiniest bit relieved at having that choice made for her. “As I was saying. The majority of it is speculation on why exactly Ren went after you. The most tame is that you two have some plan in mind for the Order, and are now working together, despite your outwardly antagonistic relations. The less tame…” “What, Phasma.” he spat, becoming impatient, “It isn’t like you to pussyfoot.” He poured a third shot, and glared hard at her. “Sir, I apologize. This is simply irregular. The most outlandish of the rumors seem to pinpoint the source of both your antagonism and the rescue--” “I didn’t get rescued.” Hux hissed the offending word. Phasma didn’t miss a beat. “The backup during that mission was caused by a new and blossoming relationship between the two of you.” Hux blinked at her owlishly. “Oh heavens,” he muttered, and took the shot. Phasma had fallen silent, which was bad because Hux sincerely did not want to think about what she had said any more than he strictly had to. Truly, boredom created the most convoluted thoughts. “What else,” he said, keeping his voice low. “That’s the most of it for you two specifically. Some of the crew, the sharp ones, have noticed that Ren seems...more fidgety. He needs to quit that, you don’t fidget.” “I’ve been telling him.” Hux reached for the bottle again to realize it had been subtly pulled out of his reach. He scowled but she didn’t seem phased. “They also like your hair.” If Hux had had any liquid in his mouth, he would have spit it out. “Whose?” “Yours. Ren’s. Both, really. Some of the crew is quite taken with your face outside the mask. They think your hair is majestic, or some nonsense. And Ren has been wearing his hair loose for days now. I hate to tell you, General, but the natural look suits you.” “Is that your opinion?” “The crew’s at large, I would say.” She deftly sidestepped the question and Hux wanted to just down the rest of the bottle, which had already been halved from its original contents. “I would daresay that there may be a couple of forming fanclubs.” Hux lunged for the bottle, and Phasma held it up and away. It was then that Hux realized how low of an alcohol tolerance Ren’s body had. He flopped almost facefirst into the floor as the world tilted exactly opposite of the way he had expected it to. Managing to catch himself at the last second, his arm crumpled under the sudden impact and he banged a shoulder hard into the floor. Hux groaned in pain and discomfort as dizziness overtook him again. Squeezing his eyes shut, cheek pressed to the frigid metal, Hux recounted the choices that led up to this moment. He hadn’t been drunk since he was a child . “Are you-” “Don’t.” Hux commanded. She held her tongue, and he pulled himself very, very slowly from the floor. He leveled a hard stare in her direction when he caught the edge of a smirk on her mouth. “You have no right to judge me. I didn’t know.” “Of course.” she replied, tucking the bottle back into the box by simply reaching over to the desk with her long arms. “But I think, given the circumstances, you’ve had enough.” “You don’t tell me what I should or shouldn’t do, Captain.” It was rude of him to use rank against her, and he knew it. Hux regretted the words, the smallest amount, as soon as he said them. Phasma, thankfully, wasn’t offended easily, and she shrugged a chrome-clad shoulder. “Would you like to go over the reports now?” “Gods, no,” Hux groaned. He wanted to sleep. Or maybe throttle Kylo Ren. Both. “Tomorrow then?” “Fine. Send a meeting time to my datapad, I’ll fit it in.” Phasma rose to her feet, drinking down the last of her glass and setting it gently on the desk. Hux very stubbornly sat on the floor, rubbing his shoulder, and in his drunkenness it was difficult to ignore the broadness of the limb underneath his fingers. With a short salute, Phasma saw herself out, and Hux was alone again. It was hard to be angry, or anxious, or think too hard about things you currently could not change when you were inebriated, he thought, and suddenly he had a brilliant idea. Hux got up from the floor, swaying slightly, and Force-grabbed the bottle from the box. Notes: This chapter is posted today specifically for tezzypants, whose birthday it is!! She is lovely. Chapter 12 : Kill the Director Notes: Wow what a delay. Im sorry everyone. For a bit there real life took precedence, and Ive been on-off sick, and then I had to finish Introduced species because it was /eating/ at me. But here we are. Just this and star town to focus on now. So enjoy, ans in advance sorry not sorry about this chapter. For once, Kylo was sleeping. It seemed that the General’s body, given the truly ridiculous schedule it was on, gave in when presented with such an anger without outlet. He had stomped for around an entire day after his fight with Hux, commlink left behind in his quarters, managing not to break anyone or anything, and when he returned, passed out directly with clothes and all. He slept straight through until his next shift, and Hux did not attempt to wake him for meditation. That was probably best. Kylo knew when he was nearing to blow a fuse, but normally he didn’t fight it. Sometimes, he would even instigate it, just to get the feeling back under control. Hux, however, could not be seen in such a state, as satisfying at it would be to ruffle his unflappable reputation. That said, he wasn’t above taking a sick day. He woke long enough to send a message to his second on the bridge, and snuggled back under the covers. Hux’s body was cold, not especially so but enough that the inherent chill of a ship in space built of various metals gave him perpetual goosebumps when stationary. The sheets felt nice on Hux’s skin too. He knew from rummaging the drawers that Hux normally wore a shirt to sleep, but he liked it better without. Hux’s skin was soft. He tried not to think about it much. He slept through the next two shifts (not his), and when it was nearing, by his guess, the end of Gamma shift he woke. There was a niggling feeling in the back of his mind, like the feeling of being watched. When he was in his body, it was similar to the feeling of being sensed through the Force. The feeling was forgotten as the door to his quarters whooshed open, and Hux entered. The man was not wearing his helmet, and his robes were put on in what was probably the sloppiest manner manageable. Kylo was impressed, seeing as the outfit was mostly skintight it was hard to mess up. Still, as the lights went up at Hux’s demand, he could see the misalignment of the shoulder seams, and how the front cut of the robes were off by a few inches to the right, held in error by the belt. His true hair was a rats nest of dark curls, far messier than he allowed it unless he had just come off the high of destroying something. He sat up, the blanket falling away from his chest and exposing him to the cool air. Appearance aside, Hux had no reason to be here. Kylo shook his head. Wasn’t he supposed to be angry? “Ren.” Hux said, narrowing his eyes. Kylo tilted his head slightly, ear catching something odd. Was that his voice? Had Hux managed to get him sick? His voice was roughened and slow. “Hux.” he replied, crossing his arms over his chest. It was unfortunately less impressive with less muscle. “Stars, have you been in the sunroom? I can see every freckle on my chest.” Hux leaned forward slightly, at the last moment taking a step towards to bed. “What? No. I’ve been going all over the ship, wherever you tell me.” He couldn’t help sounding petulant. Hux gave himself zero free time. Hux stepped forward again, leaning halfway over. “You done being a child, then?” Kylo blinked at him. It took several seconds for the anger to start building in his chest. “What? About what? You taking the liberty of spilling a hugely dangerous piece of information to a Stormtrooper? That’s not being a child, that’s being rightfully angry! How dare you come in here and just-” “Oh hush!” Hux spat, putting his hands on his hips. It looked ridiculous on Kylo’s huge body. “Phasma is perfectly reliable. And I told you , I didn’t tell her. She figured it out. Probably because you are a terrible actor.” “Me?” Kylo shouted, pushing the covers off of his legs so he could stand. Cool air brushed his legs, clad only in regulation briefs. It was a small favor that they were black. “Do you have any idea how difficult it is to accurately reflect all of your obsessive tics and mannerisms? How do you stand perfectly still for hours? You’re a caricature of a real person!” Hux was taken aback for a moment, restraightening most of the way. He still had a slight forward tilt. “That’s quite a statement comin’ from someone who won’t show his face in public. Half of the crew thinks you’re a cyborg. Mostly droid, obviously, since you don’t know how to talk like a normal person either.” “You know what,” Kylo said, pulling in a huge breath through his nose, “I do want my lightsaber back.” Hux looked confused, scrunching his eyebrows in. Speaking of childish, that was certainly a way to look like one. Kylo scowled. “For what?” “Breaking things. I can’t hit you, and you did offer last time.” He said by way of explanation. He held his hand out and willed the saber on Hux’s hip to him. Seeming more together than he had yet in their exchange, Hux threw his own hand out. The lightsaber froze in the air, where it had been shooting for Kylo’s hand. It quivered, torn between their wills. “Give it to me, Hux.” Kylo lowered his voice, trying to sound dangerous. It was less impressive than his real voice, but Hux could be menacing if he tried. “No.” Was Hux’s tone...sing-song? “What is wrong with you?” Kylo’s distraction was enough of an advantage to Hux, and as Kylo’s focus lapsed the lightsaber shot back and into his ungloved hand. “Ha.” He growled. His mastery of the Force should be better by now. The anger made his chest clench and his fingers tingle, and he lunged forward to grab at the saber. Hux stepped back clumsily, holding it up and away. Kylo reached up and cursed. Their measly two inch height difference seemed to be enough in this situation, for no matter how gangly Hux’s body was, his own body’s hand was just out of reach. “What the kriff is your problem, Hux?” he yelled, jumping slightly. To his eternal fury, Hux seemed to effortlessly hold the saber aloft with the Force, several inches above his open palm. Hux laughed mockingly. “You! You are my problem, Kylo.” Of course, the moment Hux said his name, he was jumping again. Kylo startled in surprise. Since when did Hux call him Kylo ? He bumped into Hux’s front, expecting to be jolted backwards. That was not the case. He felt himself pitching forward, as Hux gave way like a rotten tree. He shouted in surprise as they crashed onto the floor in a tangle of limbs and swearing. Kylo distantly heard his saber hit the floor. But it was suddenly difficult to focus as his head came up from being pressed over Hux’s shoulder. Their eyes met, and for a moment Kylo was arrested by the color of his own eyes. When he looked at them in a mirror, they were just brown. Now they had a ring of gold around the pupil, and small radiating lines of orange. Despite himself he felt the blood running towards his face. To his relief, Hux seemed almost as dumbfounded. He broke eye contact and instead traced all over the face in front of him. Kylo wondered what he saw, looking at himself through Kylo’s eyes. “Too many freckles…” Hux muttered, looking away. “I like them.” The reply was automatic and utterly unintentional. He knew his face was reddening. How the hell did Hux never let this happen? Kylo seemed to have no control whatsoever over the blush that was rapidly widening over his cheeks. Rather than even attempting to deal with the surprised and almost flattered look that Hux was giving him, he shimmied up and reached towards the lightsaber only feet away. He had always been extraordinarily stubborn and goal-oriented, if he had to lay on top of Hux to get his saber back, so be it. Hux grabbed his wrist tightly and pulled it back to their chests. “I said no.” His voice was quiet. With a tone like that, it was hard not to copy it. Kylo’s voice lowered as he said “I don’t care. It’s mine.” “Don’t make me have to stop you.” Kylo didn’t think for one second that Hux would make good on his threat. True, Kylo’s body was more powerful physically, but Hux didn’t get physical. “I would love to see you try, Hux.” He went to reach for it again. He was yanked back harder this time, and he was ready to spit out a curse when he found his mouth suddenly otherwise occupied. Hux had sealed their mouths together in a way that was somewhat less than chaste, given how Kylo had been preparing to verbally chew the other man out. Input flooded his senses and the blood that had begun slinking back to its proper places came rushing back as recognition of what they were doing hit him. Hux did not seem to have the same moment of bewilderment, and lazily swiped his tongue over Kylo’s. To his surprise, Hux’s body did not react in shock and anxiety, but a pleasant little zing ran down his spine. Kylo gave a small deep noise and responded in kind before he could think otherwise, pushing Hux’s tongue back with his own. His other hand had come to rest on Hux’s chest, and so he had a very good support to be able to angle his head, deepening their connection. They stayed locked together, silent but for their huffing breaths through their noses, until Hux squeezed his wrist hard when Kylo bit his lip. With a gasp Kylo broke away and opened his eyes. Now Hux looked flustered, eyes opening and refocusing in a delayed reaction. Then they widened in comical shock. “Oh, no, we did not just-” “You just-” Kylo tried to finish for him. “I kissed you. I kissed me! Kriff, get up Kylo!” He shoved at Kylo’s shoulders and Kylo scrambled to his feet. Scooting backwards first, Hux pulled himself up, using the desk for support. Without another word he swiveled around and left the room. Kylo was at a total loss for words or coherent thoughts. He tried not to replay it, but the fresh memory did so anyways. The blood drained from his face, but the small blessing was short lived as it redistributed somewhere else. - Hiding seemed to have become a theme for the pair. Hux, having nowhere to be, kept to his quarters for the day following their little mishap, spending a solid hour pulling Kylo’s- ridiculously luxurious -hair and cursing himself. At least he tried to hide, until Phasma came to the door. She knocked sharply and when he didn’t answer she let herself in with Hux’s override code. He knew he’d made a mistake in giving it to her. “What,” he groused, slouched in the desk chair. “Sir,” she said, apparently feeling formal after breaking into his room, “you have a meeting with the president of Sonn-Blas in two hours.” “No I-oh blast.” The pun was unintentional, as was the sudden surge of anxiety. This meeting had been planned for months, to hash out the specs and prices to replace the entire Stormtrooper hand blaster supply, which was edging on ten years out of date. Hux had been so wrapped up in his own problems, he had almost entirely forgotten. He didn’t have a meeting, Ren did. A meeting he was woefully unprepared for, and that Hux wasn’t sure he could coach him through in his current state, which was ann exact 50-50 split between horridly hungover and deathly embarrassed. “Well, kriff.” he spat, getting up from the chair and managing to keep his swaying to a minimum. Phasma very obviously looked in the box. “Sir, should I acquire medication?” “Painkillers only.” He could feel the migraine already blooming behind his eyes, but the hangover medication from the medbay made him violently ill, despite doing its job. He got to be perfectly sober as he vomited his stomach’s contents for a couple hours. He wasn’t sure if Ren’s body would react the same, but he couldn’t risk it. “I’ll be back in fifteen minutes, then.” She marched out. Hux let out a breath like a relieved sigh once she left. He knew his secrets were safe with her, that didn’t mean he necessarily wanted her knowing them. He would manage the embarrassment of her helping with his massive hangover later. Forcing down a wave of nausea, he started rummaging on the desk, pulling out several blueprint sheets of prototype blaster blueprints, and bringing the related documents to the front of his datapad. He had looked over these at least fifty times in the last three months. This meeting would be fine, he knew what he wanted. He just hoped Ren could convincingly haggle. While Sonn-Blas was well dedicated to the First Order, they were still a vicious company and would drag every credit they could out of an unsuspecting victim. Hux had never been a victim, and didn’t plan on starting now. He had the papers well organized and glanced over for memory by the time Phasma returned. She handed over the pills without comment, which he downed immediately. “Alright,” he said briskly, looking down at himself and trying to straighten his robes, “I need to send message to custodial to prepare a room, and override a reservation for the best comm channel.” He didn’t say he had forgotten to reserve it, but he had. But he, or rather Ren, was the General of this ship and he could have anything whenever he needed it. And stars did he need it. “I’ll handle it, Sir. To give you time with Lord Ren.” Hux eyed her, but nodded. It was likely she was being so helpful simply because she wanted the best weapons she could get for her troopers, but he wasn’t the kind to look a gift bantha in the mouth. Unless it was from an unknown source. “I assume you’ll be at the meeting.” Hux said, still fighting with his robes. He needed a splash of cold water and a good tooth brushing. Phasma affirmed his statement and he said “Good. I will be there fifteen minutes before we link up.” She left, and he sagged against the desk, wiping a hand down his face, surprising himself again as he always did when he encountered the nose that was more prominent than his own. Well, the meeting certainly had the worst timing imaginable, but he would manage it just as well as anything else. As long as he didn’t act awkwardly, they could probably ignore it ever happening. He picked up his datapad, turned on the holo unit, and called Ren. - The entire walk to the conference room was something akin to a walk of shame that no one would recognize but Hux himself. He was stiff, tired, aching, and easily embarrassed, and although he had taken a quick but satisfactory shower and replaced Ren’s robes with fresh ones (properly worn this time) he still felt grimy. He arrived exactly fifteen minutes early, and was both pleased and annoyed to find Ren already there, sitting primly at the head seat across from the holoprojector and looking entirely too put together. “Is your comm on?” His voice sounded rough, and for an insane second he wished he had the helmet. “Yes.” Ren eyed his face with a hard look, seeing to be thinking the same. “I’ll be sitting over here,” he said, moving to the corner opposite him, nearest the holo, “it’s out of range of the projector, and everyone else in the room has already seen you.” Ren had a quick flash of surprise, but seemed to push it down quickly. “Good. Papers?” He held out a hand, clad in Hux’s smooth leather gloves. Wow, why did he notice that? Hux shook his head. “No?” Ren asked, sounding insulted. “No- yes. Heavens, here.” He shoved the papers at Ren, who took them with far too much grace. Damn him. Damn his own body. Damn being awake. The painkillers were kicking in but far too slowly. It was tough enough to think, being in a brain slower than his own. Prior inebriation made it much worse. Hux moved to his seat and plopped down as the first of the other officers entered the room. Good thing Ren usually sat like a child at these meetings, Hux mused as he slid down in the chair. The meeting went smoother than he could have hoped, despite his slow reaction time. The final price ended up being a full ten percent higher than his projection, but it was still within his budget range. Ren managed not to bungle anything too bad, or throw anyone with the Force, so overall Hux was content to call it a success. He navigated Ren through a few details of the shipment dates and locations, and three hours later the meeting ended. The officers filed out quickly, clearly having other places they needed to be. It had gone a little longer than he’d hoped, but the extra seconds added on to Ren’s reaction time from the comm really added up. Hux sighed, and stood to stretch. His shoulders popped audibly, and he almost gagged. He caught Ren smirking across the room, and cursed him. How dare his sass look so right on Hux’s face. It felt like betrayal. “Quiet.” he demanded. “I haven’t said anything.” “You’re thinking it.” Ren gave him a quizzical look. “No I wasn’t.” Hux almost slapped his forehead. “It’s not...it’s a figure of speech.” Ren’s confused resolved. “Oh. That’s ridiculous.” “I suppose.” Hux sighed again. He was not awake enough for this. He turned away to leave, needing to cross the whole room to do so. Ren fell into step with him near his seat, and Hux scowled, far too aware of the body next to him. It was a blessing and a curse, both of which became glaringly obvious in the seconds when Hux stepped through the door. His foot caught something, the heavy tread of his boot holding firm, and he pitched forward. His arms flailed for a second and the thought flashed Use the Force, idiot, but before he could gather himself to do so, hands caught him by the stomach and arm, arresting his fall with a sharp jerk. His other foot came forward, slamming on the metal floor to regain balance halfway bent over at the hips. The hand splayed across his stomach, even through the many layers, seemed to burn. He painfully looked up into his own green eyes, sharp with concern as Ren towered in his greatcoat. “You tripped.” Ren sounded incredulous. In any other situation, in any other body, Hux would have laughed. “Get off me.” he hissed, trying to keep attention away from them. That hope was abruptly shot as he heard a tittering down the hall. He pushed past Ren, hand sliding off him, and stood tall with the sternest face he could manage, glaring hard at the two women he could see. They stood close together, and one had a conspiratorial hand near her mouth. The women looked at each other in fear, bowed to him, said “Sir,”, and absconded around the corner. “Are you okay?” He turned on Ren, and looking at him caused the heat to return to his face. Stars, how did Ren’s skin manage to flush so hard? “I’m fine,” he bit out, refusing to break eye contact, “I do not require your assistance. Ever.” Ren arranged Hux’s face into one of his best sneers as he watched. “Well fine. I’ll just let you fall on your ass then.” “Fine.” Hux stormed off down the hallway in his best impression of Ren yet. - Once he had become aware of the people that held silly rumors about Ren and himself, he suddenly couldn't stop noticing them. Twice more he tripped on the ridiculous robes before he gave up on releasing his anger by walking (stomping, he could get away with it) around the ship. He pulled them off when he got to his quarters in a huff, and after a quick comparison to the sets in the closet, found they were unhemmed, adding an extra two inches in length to the bottom. With a snarl, he ripped the damn ends off himself with an extremely satisfying sound. “What in gods name is wrong with you, Kylo!” Hux yelled into the empty room. “You yelling in my ear is what.” Hux dropped the clothes and stood looking quite a lot like an idiot, mostly nude in the middle of the room. “Why is your commlink still on.” He asked, voice shaking with rampant embarrassment. Could he not have a moment’s peace? “Because, I’m on the bridge. I had a shift. You said.” Hux had to take a moment to untangle his horrible speech, though it was improving very slowly, and then sat carefully on the floor. Ren was right. He had told Ren to keep the commlink on during bridge shifts in case of emergency. Hux had been the idiot who hadn’t turned his microphone off. He very, very softly placed his head in his hands. “You’re correct. My apologies.” Hux felt out of control, spiraling away from it the longer he was in Ren’s body. Did Ren always feel like this? “Sometimes.” Hux snapped his head up. “Was I talking to you?” The question was half anger, half genuine. “No. It’s easier to hear you than others. It’s my brain.” “Lovely.” “But yes. Sometimes. Use it for training.” “Me, or you?” “Both.” - Kylo stood on the bridge. It was getting more comfortable, settling into a parade rest for hours at a time. Hux seemed to like to walk the bridge, up the center and around each side in a figure eight loop now and again, but he was more apt to settle. It felt almost like meditating. That was, until Hux screeched in his ear. He jerked his head away from the sound automatically, though he couldn’t exactly escape it, and earned a few concerned glances. He scowled, and they went back to work. Settling straight again, he used the driest tone in subvocal he could muster to reply. He had a tingle of a feeling saying he’d succeeded in surprising the anger right out of the other man. He chased it, this natural connection to the Force, and used it to dip the slightest bit into his own head. It was easy, like misdirecting weak-minded people, but likely because his own brain was home, it was comfortable. Why had he been having so much trouble before, during meditation? Was it trying to reach Hux that was the problem? He kept up a light banter with Hux until a lieutenant caught his attention. “General, sir, there’s a notice for you.” the young woman held out a datapad. “Why didn’t it come to my pad?” Kylo snapped, somehow irritated by this woman simply doing her job. He had started carrying the pad and everything, dammit. Hux fell quiet. “I don’t know, Sir. It came to the comm tower. Secure channel.” Kylo’s stomach dropped. It had to be his Master. He gingerly took the pad and opened the message. General I have been unavailable but now it is time to meet on an important task I will require of you and Master Ren. I will be able to communicate properly in two days. I expect a prompt response at that time. The vagueness of the message left Kylo with more knots in his stomach then there was room for. He felt anxious, and started tightening his hands around the pad. They’d managed to hide this so far, but if they were to meet via holo (which he took the message to mean), Snoke may be able to recognize a disturbance. To be sure, he forwarded the message privately to Hux, and handed the pad back. His voice was only slightly strained as he said “Thank you. Carry on.” “Sir.” She inclined her head and retreated. It took only moment for Hux to reply. “We are ruined, aren’t we.” “Probably.” Chapter 13 : Kill the Director, Please Summary: I promise I'l never abandon this hot mess. Thanks for sticking with me friends. Finally, the long awaited reveal of Snoke. He banged his fist on the door, frustrated by the muffled tone imparted by his gloves. He was a moment away from ripping them off and trying again when Hux opened the door. “What,” Hux growled, and Kylo swept his eyes quickly over and away from his own bare chest, “do you want? It isn’t as if you don’t have the code to this door.” Kylo regathered his words. “I didn’t want to catch you unprepared.” That color really didn’t do anything flattering to his skin. When Kylo’s body flushed it was a patchy thing. He rolled his eyes and pushed into the room, letting the door slide shut behind him. “Unprepared for what. ” “It’s 0200.” Hux blinked. “Oh. I thought-” “You were wrong.” Kylo interrupted. “Despite recent events,” he wasn’t embarrassed , but he thought best not to spell it out, “my Master will meet with us in two days and if you cannot keep your mind from him,” He cut off. He really didn't know what would happen. That this...thing had occurred at all was unprecedented in recent times. Would he be proud? Or would he be angry? “I understand, Ren.” Hux looked something similar to cowed, Kylo was sure that wasn’t really the feeling but his face had a tendency to amplify any emotion on it. “I...apologize for my behavior.” Kylo looked to the ceiling, as if the words to navigate this conversation would manifest there. They didn’t. “We don’t have time to worry over it anymore.” “Right.” - Kylo spent the next two days in a mixed emotional state between panicked, anxious, angry, and curious. It gave Hux’s stomach and ache he could really have lived without. He and Hux were nearly inseparable, trying to strengthen their connection to the Force and get work done at the same time. It was a tentative connection, the surface level of feelings only; Kylo figured it would be some time before they got to full thoughts, though he hoped they wouldn’t need to get that far. It was the most time Hux had spent actively walking around in Kylo’s body, and there were moments of reprieve in Kylo’s flurry of negativity when Hux managed to do something funny. Unintentionally, of course, but he barked a laugh that he quickly smothered when Hux banged his knee on the underside of a low conference table, and again when he didn’t duck for a maintenance doorway. In spite of the extremely mixed origins of humans over time, they were still in majority shorter than six foot three, five in his boots. It would have been more amusing if there weren’t always someone around to see Hux’s fumbles, putting Hux into a bad mood that would ruin the connection as his concentration broke. Then he would get into a mood, his anxiety ratcheting up as he struggled to reconnect them. As with most things in the Force, forward effort was usually met with stubborn resistance. Using the Force was supposed to be natural, strengthened through meditation and practice, but you couldn’t make it happen by just wanting it bad enough. Kylo wouldn’t say so to Hux, lest he drive the man away completely, but he was now catching tidbits of their supposed fans, murmurs between pairs and pleased surprise flashing across the minds of their subordinates as they walked through hallways together. He had scooped the knowledge from his own brain as Hux stewed over it angrily, not long after they had gotten the message from his master. He was vaguely amused, but confused. Where did anyone in their right mind get the idea that himself and Hux were a good pair? They were entirely different, and...well, actually, wasn’t that supposedly what the best matches were made from? Not that he would know, he’d never been in love. In the time they were apart, when they split off to their separate quarters to sleep, Kylo thought hard on recent events. When it was all over, (he refused to think of it as a thing that could possibly never be so), would Hux treat him the same? While they were still quite antagonistic, half of their exchanges spitting some small amount of venom, in the past weeks they had become...comfortable. There were flashes of contentment from Hux when they meditated, excitement when they trained, and not much at all when they went about their daily business together. Kylo smiled lightly. That was actually a large stride, before he had only gotten frustration and sometimes real rage off of Hux when they spoke. Hux was a very angry man, Kylo thought, and it showed in his body. Flopping backwards onto the bed, Kylo stretched, catlike, and tried to relax. The thing was, it felt that Hux never truly relaxed. Either his jaw was clenching subconsciously, or his hands were curling in, or his back was held tight, or his knees were locked. Even now, staring at the blank dark expanse of the ceiling, Kylo had to expressly tell his wayward shoulders, Relax , as they hunched near his ears. As they pulled down to a normal position, Ren looked over at the left, musing. It was so much smaller than his shoulder. Freckled lightly, pale, with a pronounced knob at the top. Close like this, it reminded him of a bird’s wing. Strange comparison, but the softest one he had come up with yet. All of Hux was soft and hard at the same time. His body made sharp angles but his coloration was gentle, besides his eyes. Without any particular intent, Kylo slid a thin hand under his shirt and onto his belly, flat and just defined enough to show effort. The shirt pulled up, he gazed down at yet more soft skin. Hux wasn’t covered in scars like he was. Hux was, dare he say, pretty . Pretty, and an asshole . Kylo shook his head to try to throw out the memories of them together, strangely swapped in his mind to pretend they had been in their own skins. He was a grown man and could admit that, maybe, he was attracted to the General, on a surface level. And maybe their time together so far has pushed that a bit deeper. And maybe the thought of Hux putting hands, even if they weren’t his, on Kylo’s body got him so excited he had to leave Hux’s presence. He traced his other hand over lips that were thicker than they had any right to be. He didn’t know what Hux had been thinking when they kissed, frankly he had been too surprised and aroused to care, but in quiet moments like this, he wanted to do it again. _______ When the time for the meeting flashed without warning onto his datapad, Hux swore angrily. It sounded quite strange still coming from Kylo’s gentle voice, but Hux no longer let the incongruence distract him. He had two hours. Not to mention, he had to move a well-planned meeting with the ruler of a mining planet, Lord Shee-something-or-other, as the two events overlapped. He would be steaming mad if this meeting with Snoke ruined their chances of procuring an alliance. He tensed. Well, none of it would much matter if the meeting with Snoke didn’t go well. He had truthfully no idea what the Supreme Leader could want with them at current, but did hold hopes. It may be that he was ready to reveal his plans, and the Order would be able to move forward with their plans of domination, with the Finalizer at the helm. It may be that he simply wanted a verbal status update, as he sometimes did. Or, Hux thought, emotions plunging back into the cold water they’d felt to be in for the last two days, it may be that he already knew what had happened, and he wanted to see it himself before killing him and Kylo both. To be fair, he didn’t know for certain that they would be killed if they were found out. But Hux had inadvertently crippled his apprentice, and himself, and there wasn’t, as of currently, a solution to those two severe issues. The Force, while failing to scare him, was still an unknown factor that made it impossible for him to fully puzzle out Snoke’s intentions. Even mostly, if he were being honest. Who knew if short tempers and predilections towards violence were inherent in Force sensitives? He pressed his distressing thoughts aside and went to work. Not exactly the work he was accustomed to, certainly, but a task that was most definitely more difficult than usual. And more frustrating. Kylo had told him that he needed to take the time directly before the meeting to meditate, and build his mental defenses. ‘They’re already there,’ he had said, ‘what’s left of mine, that is. But ours are different, and while mine automatically give you some protection, your defense needs to be deliberate, otherwise the Supreme Leader will slip straight through.’ Being uncomfortably obvious, they had both avoided voicing the possible idea of what would happen if Snoke found out. Or even the idea of telling him themselves. They would have to work under the assumption that this was still a secret. Hux felt like a child, hiding a pet from his parents. Not that he ever had, but if he had he imagined it would feel similar. A strange weight of guilt, mixed with apprehension and a thread of true fear. But also, in a small, odd way, exhilaration. Despite circumstances, he was learning things he never would otherwise. And while so far his use of the Force was relegated to petty parlor tricks, it was still a skill to be commanded and it pleased him. He shook his head, black locks rustling at his ears. Focus . More recently, his thoughts had a tendency to tangent away from him. Hux closed his eyes again, regulated his breathing, emptied his mind, and started to build once more. What was fog slowly coalesced into walls, solid yet shifting masses of dark smoke to obscure and also lend strength to the structure of his thoughts. Carefully, he eased the white room back into this space, holding it all together with an effort of will that, after an indeterminate but short time of focus, became secondary in his mind. When the alarm went off again, Hux opened his eyes. It was as ready as he was going to get. They were out of time. ______________ Hux met Ren in the hallway outside the holochamber, with minutes to spare before the connection was made to the Supreme Leader. Ren blinked at him in surprise, and Hux noted his own eyes were somewhat dull today, the green fading into a mixed greyish. He was about to mention it when Ren spoke. “Is that a new cape?” He smiled. “Why, yes it is. Thank you for noticing.” “ Why? ” Ren sounded vaguely annoyed, increasing the sharpness of Hux’s accent, and he resisted the urge to scoff. The man-child really had no sense of gratitude. “ Because ,” he said, “the last one was torn to ribbons and covered in two species’ blood after KH-3. I threw it out and ordered this one.” The this one in question was of the same material as Ren’s old cape, but actually reached the floor, with a solid hem that barely grazed the durasteel tiling. It was just wide enough to cover his shoulders if he so chose, and the cowl and hood was intact and as spacious as its predecessor’s. It was meticulously triple hemmed and sprayed with a solution to make it durable against the elements. All in all, Hux was quite proud of it. Looking somewhat put-out, Ren tugged on the sleeves of Hux’s greatcoat, draped over his shoulders as Hux himself wore it regularly. “I liked the old one.” “Oh come on, it was disgusting -” “But,” Ren cut in forcibly, “this one is fine too. Did you keep any of the other one?” “No.” Hux lied automatically. Then he realized he’d done it and wasn’t quite sure why. “Shame,” Ren replied, turning towards the doors. “shall we go then?” Hux gave him a steady look, mentally outlining his own profile in the harsh overhead lights. He then turned. “Yes, lets.” ___________ Thankfully, Kylo had spent enough time with Hux in this holochamber to remember how he greeted his master. As they swept in, a wave of black and solemn spirit, he looked up at the towering projection. “Supreme Leader, I hope we find you well.” They reached the dais and halted, Ren clasping his hands back. He felt Hux next to him, and was suddenly grateful for his presence when before he would only have been annoyed. “You do, General.” replied Snoke, voice a paragon of calm and mannerisms those of a creature who was assured in their position. Sometimes Hux looked like that, when he was in his element during meetings. The similarity was sudden and jarring, and Kylo caught his breath in his throat. His master didn’t seem to notice. “Kylo Ren,” he said, sliding his huge gaze to Kylo’s left, “I assume you are recovered?” Hux paused, and Kylo felt a swell of panic before he spoke. He shoved it down. Unchecked emotion would only weaken his hold on the slippery walls of his mental barriers. Trying to keep Hux’s brain shuttered, to him, was like building walls with sand. Dry sand. The silence broke after only a second. “Yes,master. The beasts caught me off-center, untethered as I was in the flow of the Force in the caves. It will not happen again.” Kylo blinked, impressed with this lie. He doubted his master had looked at the recording, before the droid had been smashed. “Of course. You are still not done with your training, I hope you will learn from this lesson.” “Yes, master.” Snole did not waste any time before returning to Hux. “General. There is an opportunity that has presented itself to us. You shall take the Finalizer to the coordinates I shall provide. At that location there is a group of creatures that you shall ally our cause with. They are called the Riftari.” The Riftari?! The thought passed itself so forcefully into his mind that Kylo almost blurted it out. Instead he yelped quietly, pretending to clear his throat around the sound. “Excuse me, the Riftari?” “Yes. They have offered an alliance. This will bring the trade route under our control.” “But they’re pirates.” Hux said, voice thick with disbelief, and Kylo’s eyes widened. What was Hux doing? “Yes, Kylo, they are. I was not aware you were so versed in such matters.” “Ah, no. My apologies, master. I skimmed it from the surface of the General’s mind. I was simply expressing surprise.” Snoke’s eyes narrowed, and Kylo swooped in. “I am also surprised. I believe that an alliance is somewhat against our goals as an Order? They’re...lawless.” He felt Hux’s warm surprise flood into him. What in all galaxies was even going on? They’d never been this connected before. “Even the lawless have a sense of honor, General. I have felt their minds. They are loyal to credits, and we have enough.” He felt Hux’s frustration, and tried to press further. He felt emboldened, with the strange protection that Hux’s body afforded him. “Leader, I know we already have several very secure trade routes through pirate space. We have never needed an alliance before.” Snoke was pensive for a moment. “While this is true, they will not be sufficient for our needs in the near future. The...volume and cost of our shipments will rise, we require the security of an alliance.” Frustration was shot through with a spike of excitement, and it zinged into Kylo’s belly and stayed there. “Rise?” “Yes. There are plans in motion, ones that you will become aware of when the moment is right. Patience, General, and all will be as it should. For now, you shall go secure the alliance. My apprentice will accompany you.” “I will?” Kylo resisted the urge to stamp on Hux’s foot. It was rude to question his master in such a belligerent way. Somehow, at times, Hux managed to get his normal superior sneering tone into Kylo’s voice and it was maddening. Snoke gave a critical look that Kylo didn’t need the Force to understand; Hux was pushing it. Kylo stepped in again. “With respect, Supreme Leader, I am not sure why Kylo Ren’s presence is necessary. This is a diplomatic endeavor.” In the back of his mind, far from the walls, his mind supplied needlessly: He’ll be on comm anyways. Leaning back in his throne, Snoke entwined his fingers in front of himself, elbows on the armrests. “That it is. However, the accompaniment goes both ways. Kylo Ren is going to secure this alliance, and you are accompanying him. Do you see?” “Yes, master.” Hux said, and shot Kylo a look out of the corner of his eye. Snoke kept going. “If it goes poorly, the might of the Force will be on your side, General, and the might of our most impressive warship will be on yours, Kylo. It is a mutually beneficial arrangement.” “Of course,” Kylo said. “We shall take a contingent of troopers-” “No.” Cut off, Kylo shut his mouth with a snap that he then felt through his jaw and winced internally. Snoke continued unabashed, “The Riftari are cautious people, they must believe they have the upper hand. Leave troopers on the transport vessel, to intervene if needed. Kylo’s ability should suffice for any small squabble. But I assume that will not occur, if you do your job correctly.” Kylo opened his mouth, found himself left with space to respond, and simply said “Yes, Supreme Leader. When are we expected?” “I leave you with their secure channel. Further arrangements are yours to plan.” Kylo inclined his head, and he saw Hux do the same. “Kylo,” Snoke said, and Hux lifted his gaze, “I hope I do not find your performance wanting again. Center yourself, and take strength in knowledge of your power.” “Yes master.” Hux replied, and at this the image of Snoke shimmered away. -- “What was that? ” “What was what? ” The door to Kylo’s room, located surprisingly closer to the holochamber than Hux’s, slammed shut behind them with an angry groan from the mechanics. Hux rolled his eyes at the display, and turned to the kitchenette, fiddling around for a glass. The meeting had left him with a dry throat and his rasp only added seemingly more sass to his retort. “Oh good, yes, break things with the Force, you’re so good at that.” “Maybe I wouldn’t if you’d stop being such a prick . And keep your mouth shut for once! Stars, you almost blew us.” He watched Kylo plod angrily to his desk chair that Hux had made great use of and collapse into it. On Hux’s face his anger simply looked petulant. “I did not.” “You did.” Hux pursed his lips, then realized he had a full glass of water he’d very much like to drink, and loosened them. He gulped down half the glass, and turned. “I held up the defenses fine.” “You...did. But that doesn't change the fact that you said things I wouldn’t. He got curious.” “But you fixed it.” Hux was enough of a man to admit, albeit in a roundabout manner, that he hadn’t been at his best. He knew when to say that someone else had carried the baton to the finish line. But wasn’t that what Kylo was supposed to do? “I did.” Hux raised an eyebrow. Had Kylo lost the ability to verbalize anything else? “You projected into my mind. Coherent words, in fact.” “I did?” Apparently it was Hux’s turn. “Yes, you were quite startled by the news.” Settling his glass down a bit harder than he should, Hux started pacing the room. “It’s ridiculous. Pirates? Outer Rim Aliens ? We don’t need that kind of alliance.” “You want to do this on the books then? All cards on the table? Clean credits and Core worlds?” Hux paused mid-turn, struggling for words. Kylo held up a hand, still clad in prim black leather. Hux’s eyes were drawn to them as Kylo spoke. “I understand your sentiment, and to a point I agree. Pirates and smugglers are no good, and they will let you down. Always. They are not the best way, or even a very good way, for this Order to branch out. But they are also all we have, and in time we will be able to bring them to heel. Either that, or eradicate them. It matters little, it only matters that we get what we need now.” Mouth agape, Hux stared. It was almost terrifying, how much Kylo sounded like Hux in that moment. “Anyways, when would you like me to call them?” “Who are you and what have you done with Kylo Ren.” Kylo cracked a smile, a gentle look on his face. Framed by his softened hair, he looked almost normal, as if he wasn’t a general with more responsibility than most kings or queens, as if behind his eyes he wasn’t constantly calculating the best action, the least expense, the easiest success. “Why, he’s right there. I haven’t done anything with him.” Kylo waved in his direction. “Funny.” Hux replied, but it was a faint thing, so preoccupied as he was with revelations of his own person, and also the man inside that person, Kylo. He searched his own face and came up only with strange, poetic words about his own features and thoughts of Ren. He shook his head gently. When he opened his eyes, he was still being looked at. “Are you worried that my master knows?” Kylo was so far off the mark it was laughable, but it was a valid thought. Hux was simply riding on the lofty feeling of not being dead yet. “A bit. But I assume he would have done something if so.” “Perhaps,” Kylo said, leaning forward in the chair, “but perhaps not. My master works in mysterious ways at times, and, now that I consider it, I wouldn’t be too shocked if he were not just testing us now.” Hux mulled the thought over, reaching hand back for the glass. It moved smoothly into his hand and he sipped. “Then I suppose we will simply have to pass. Call them now, I already know what I want to say.” Waving his hand to activate the holo in the desk, Hux saw Kylo smirk. “Yes, General.” Chapter 14 : Dont talk to boys theyll break your heart Summary: Merry Christmas you filthy animals, take the fluff and like it. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The shuttle should have been cold, but with how many layers he was perpetually bundled in, it was a wonder that Kylo’s body didn’t overheat daily. That said, Hux was acceptably warm as they made the trip from the Finalizer to the stronghold asteroid of the Riftari. With a little hyperjump, they were only an hour or so away, and this not long yet not brief travel time gave him little time to gather his nerves and shove them as far away as possible. Ren and himself had taken a couple days to plan their meeting. There were many factors they could not control, but did their best. Hux pulled enough strings to get them a decent idea of the little hunk of rock, and Ren had surprisingly come forward with some information on the Riftari that had not been on the official record, and together they had devised a plan of attack. Really, it was to be so straightforward as to be laughably simple. The concern was, as always, their predicament. For some reason, the idea of trying to pretend in front of strangers was infinitely more nerve-wracking than in front of his officers, although these people didn’t know him at all and would have no inkling that he wasn’t who he claimed. Most of the people who met Kylo Ren didn’t leave the exchange alive, after all. There was very little possibility that they would have even a clue how Kylo Ren spoke or acted. But a secondary and valid concern was just the opposite. Nowadays, at times it was a bit difficult to separate himself from Ren, to feel individual. It wasn’t a bad feeling, necessarily, but when this was all over they would need to be alright in their own skin. What if he acted as Ren too well? At what point, living in Ren’s mind and body, did he cease to be Hux? A chime sounded through the shuttle, the pilot letting them know that they were descending. Hux shook his head, banishing the stray thoughts of what-ifs. They would do this, succeed, and move on. As much as he didn’t want to. - “Don’t interrupt me, alright?” Kylo hissed as they moved down the ramp. “I know what to say, so just...be intimidating.” “Is that what you do?” Hux replied, amused. Kylo resisted the urge to growl at him, pasting on Hux’s normal passive expression as they came into view of the Riftari guards sent to escort them. They made no effort to speak, blasters hanging from holsters across their chests, only waited until they had approached to turn and lead them in. The complex was minimally appointed, and Kylo wondered if a lack of imagination was a requirement to be part of the Riftari. It wouldn’t be surprising, the pirate group didn’t even have individual names, opting instead to go by title. It was winding, irritatingly, as it made it much more difficult to memorize their path. After a few minutes of walking, they came to a chamber. “Wait.” One of the men demanded, and entered the room without waiting for a reply. They did. What choice was there? But Kylo couldn’t help the impatient tapping of his fingers behind his back, the rest of his body still as a statue. Some days, he was sure that Hux had been born holding a parade rest, it was so ingrained into his posture. It was another minute, but the double doors opened and Kylo assumed that was their cue to enter. He swept through with confidence, Hux trailing behind him, secondary but still equally visible. It was...strange, being in front. His whole life he had been behind somebody, intentionally or not, while it seemed Hux made it his life’s effort to push towards the front in all situations. Command suited him. Kylo, not so much. He had goals, yes, and aspirations bigger than the universe was wide, but he did not need to be in front of an army, or a senate, to accomplish them. He only needed them at his disposal. In that, they were well suited to one another. The Riftari Leader was of course on a throne, as often was the case. Kylo, over the years, had seen many men and women assume thrones that were little more than a symbol, especially out here in the backwater or space otherwise abandoned by the larger bodies of rule, clinging to a semblance of control that never worked out anyways. When did a ruling body of few last more than a short time? Even the Republic broke down, remolding itself over and over trying to keep power. It was hard to believe that any sort of rule could last, not in a galaxy so vast and varied as theirs. But building something that would run on its own, even after centralized government broke down? That was worth killing for. The Leader looked as all space pirate leaders did: dirty, but marginally better dressed and armed. The Riftari were a ragtag bunch, made of a wide variation of intelligent species, near-human and otherwise, all realizing that money was often more easily acquired in a group than individually, at least when you weren’t the fastest ship in the fleet, metaphorically speaking. The rough looking alien, species of which Kylo recognized but wouldn't bother wasting time trying to remember, waved a hand for them to approach. How kind. Kylo fought not to let displeasure roll over his face. In his own body he would not wait for an invitation. Lord Ren did not wait for permission, but General Hux had social niceties to abide by. They stopped a respectful distance away, and he greeted the Leader. His ‘throne’ appeared to be partially made from an old pilot’s seat. They were here to negotiate terms of an alliance, and Kylo began on the agreed spiel that he and Hux has come up with. To be fair, Hux had come up with most of it, and Kylo just memorized it. He had tried to help, but Hux had shot down line after line until Kylo huffed angrily and sat back, silent and stewing. It was difficult to stay angry when Hux had kept looking at him with his own dark brown eyes. In the present, his eyes were covered by the black and chrome of his helmet, still and trained on the Riftari Leader. Kylo hoped that Hux was analyzing the situation, and would give him subvocal warning before anything went south. This truly was not his area of expertise. The Leader replied after Kylo had fallen silent, asking for, unsurprisingly, much more than what they had originally offered the route for. A monthly fee that included patrols along the path, and assistance with extra towing barges. Kylo said as much. “This was not the cost that you had originally offered. May I inquire what has changed?” “New interference. New Republic has been sniffing around.” His voice was so rough and clicky it was hard to understand his Basic. “Bullshit,” said Hux, his subvoice in Kylo’s ear without warning, “we would know about it.” “With respect, the First Order does not require additional assistance. If circumstances change, we could revisit the original price and negotiate from there.” “Circumstances have changed, General, this is the new price. It would be a shame if the New Republic found the new users of this route so quickly if we didn’t have enough credits to watch it..” “Excuse me?” Kylo replied, pulling his head back slightly. Now he wasn’t the best at navigating delicate conversation, but that had sounded very much like a threat. The chances of the New Republic coming out so far was unlikely, the real threat was from other pirates, or enterprising and morally loose planetary governments. If he wanted to be like that, then- “Don’t act. He is trying to rile you.” “Obviously.” Kylo said back, taking the moment of silence in their exchange to attempt to gather himself. Staying un-riled was not his strong suit either. It was time to switch tactics. “There seems to be little we can agree on then. I would be happy to negotiate in the future when our need is greater. I was under the impression you were desiring this alliance as we were, but I may have been mistaken.” The Leader looked smug, which was surprisingly difficult given the mandibles on his face in place of lips. “I’m sure we can find more amenable buyers in the Senate.” “Kylo-” That was enough, he’d switch to his own tactics. Kylo couldn’t stand for his insolence any longer. He dropped Hux’s blaster off the clip on his belt and aimed it at the Riftari Leader’s head. Things moved very quickly then as the Leader whistled, a long vibrating note that had pirates jumping in from hidden spaces around the room. Well, that was unexpected. He was under the assumption that the two men holding the entrance doors were security. Apparently not, but he had already committed. “Would you like to renegotiate now?” Kylo asked, and fired a warning shot just to the right of the Leader’s head that sunk into the stone of the wall behind him. The alien hissed angrily and with a messy cry of the voices of many species, the pirates moved in. - “ Really? ” Hux yelled aloud, dropping the lightsaber out of its holster and igniting it in the same motion, mind too focused on the newly instigated fight to think too hard about what his hands were doing. He knew a lost cause when he saw one, there was no stopping this altercation except with force. Kylo was already getting himself surrounded slowly, lone blaster in his hand, while dodging potshots at his feet. They didn’t want to kill him, not yet, but that would change very quickly. He yanked off his helmet, dropped it to the floor, and looked around quickly. He had an idea. Saber sparking in his grip, he ran for the two men closest to him and cut them down in precise, short strokes that he was quite proud of, if he was being honest. Kylo could swing the thing around like a madman, it wasn’t like it weighed anything really despite the resistance of the crossguard, but Hux had always been to the point, and his saber-work would be no different. Suddenly, almost as a physical feeling, the air in the room shifted to one of full hostility. Good. Kylo yelled angrily as he began needing to avoid shots in earnest, and the sharp report of his blaster pierced the air. A pirate dropped like his strings were cut, but the shot was definitely not clean. Hux would have rolled his eyes if he wasn’t so busy making sure the other man wasn’t shot through like a piece of grating. The pirates got wise, and started moving away from him, realizing that his blade was certainly a short range weapon. They circled the room, being only about thirty feet wide, but halfway around Hux stopped, realizing that he did not want to get caught on the opposite end of their direct exit. He held his ground, trying to unfocus just enough to feel the Force to assist in naturally deflecting blaster bolts. The Leader was still in the room, having carefully moved from his chair and to the guard of two men. That wasn’t good, either. It was true that eventually he would have to run out of pirates to throw at them, but until then they had a very good chance of getting shot. Two versus an unknown number wasn’t really great odds. “Behind!” He heard Kylo shout, and he had just enough time to turn on the men sneaking behind him. Their heads fell to the ground in a one-handed flick, cauterized and clean, and Hux grunted with the force of the swing. Ren was holding his own for the moment, rolling out of the way of a volley of shots and squeezing off a few of his own. After another few seconds of combat, Hux knew that something had to give. He couldn’t get where he needed to be, couldn’t strategize properly with the saber in his hands, and this needed to end sooner rather than later. “General!” He yelled, voice blessedly unmangled by a helmet vocoder, and pushed his intentions at Ren in his mind. He had no idea if he was doing it right, anytime they had sent emotions or thoughts to one another it had been accidental, but Ren’s gaze snapped in his direction. Without hesitation, Hux powered off the saber and lobbed it at the other man across the room. When it had gone halfway, Ren seemed to catch on, and tossed the blaster in his hand towards him. Hux caught it, and thumbed the print scanner as he wrapped his hand around the grip. He hadn’t told Ren, but the reason that he couldn't find the blaster just after they had switched was because Hux had squirreled it away immediately. He’d added his...temporary print to the scanner and reinforced the casing, just in case. There were few things he got attached to, and his blaster was one of them. He wouldn’t have Ren making a mess of it. Feet sliding out into proper stance, he aimed and fired with the ease of years. After that it was over quickly. The two men protecting the Leader fell to the floor, a shot between their eyes each, and Hux moved in. He slid around a guard in his way, twisting around under his raised arm, shoving him forward with the Force, and shooting him point blank in the back. A high sweeping kick knocked the blaster from the Leader’s chitinous hands, and a front kick put him to the floor. Hux shoved the blaster against his forehead and said, “I guarantee my trigger finger is faster than you. Surrender.” The alien’s arms were raising, but he lowered them again slowly. The chaos of the room ground to a halt. Checkmate. “It seems the impasse has been broken.” “I believe it has.” They took another ten minutes to finalize the details, surrounded by smoking corpses, but they did secure the alliance similarly to how it had been proposed, if only with more First Order security. “I didn’t know you were a marksman,” said Ren as they left the chamber. Hux glared, helmet tucked under one arm, and stormed back towards their transport. - As soon as they made it back onto the ship, into a private room away from the resettling troopers that they had dragged out for the sake of walking back in relative safety, Hux whirled on Kylo. “Five minutes on the surface, three of which we spent walking , and you can’t keep it together! You’re lucky I was able to diffuse that.” “ You? ” Ren asked, looking uncharacteristically flustered, sweat shining on Hux’s normally immaculate brow. “ You couldn't keep your hands on your own damn weapon could you?” It was the most flimsy, transparent deflection, and they both knew it. Still, for some reason Hux couldn’t help rising to the challenge. “ My weapon is here!” He held up the blaster, still warm in his hand. He hadn’t let go of it, too keyed up on adrenaline, and an irregular low thrum of anxiety. “Which, obviously, wouldn’t be strange if I was in the correct body! Remember that little fact?” “Of course I remember,” Ren hissed, and he looked truly Hux-like at that moment, with a full sneer and narrowed eyes, and Hux wondered for a faint moment if it was strange that he found that exhilarating. Did he have the same fire in his eyes that Kylo did now? Or did the mind behind the eyes change them? He realized, through the fog of anger, that he never really had taken time to look at himself. “I could strategize much better with the blaster, which I may note saved our lives after your inability to act professionally.” “He threatened you!” Ren snapped, then seemed to backpedal, “Us! The Order.” “Amazingly, I can speak and understand Basic as well as you Ren, I know exactly what he said. But you can’t kill your way through every problem!” “I wasn’t trying to!” Throwing his hands up, Ren turned away, stalking over towards the small kitchenette and curling his hands around the edge. Hux followed with his eyes but stayed firmly in front of the door. “I was trying to threaten them. Fear is a great motivator.” Hux privately agreed, but he couldn’t verbally, not now. “How did that work out for you?” He asked condescendingly, rubbing salt into the wound he was trying very hard to open. Ren had to learn . “It normally works fine for me.” Ren replied, his tone vaguely regretful but with a thread of accusation. That was enough. Hux marched over, grabbed his own arm in a grip he knew would bruise, and forcibly turned Ren around. He brought their faces close together, enough to see the freckles spattered lightly across his nose and eyelids. Like stardust , he thought, then pushed it away. “You aren’t you, you’re me! The faster you accept that, the faster you can be you again! You are not Kylo Ren, and you can’t kriffing act like him!” Kylo blinked, delicate red lashes fluttering once and then settling again. “You’re right.” “Of course I am.” “Kylo Ren wouldn’t do this.” Hux copied his motion, blinking once. “Do what?” Kylo grabbed him by the chin and kissed him. Kylo’s other arm was still trapped in Hux’s grip, and Hux clenched it hard as a beat thrummed through his chest in shock. He kissed back, momentarily, unthinking, and when his lungs reminded him to breathe he snapped to his senses. He took their bodies away from each other in a swift step back, getting longer distance than he would with his own legs but the farther the better. He imagined his lips burning. How had this happened again? Hux gave Kylo a look, stunned and somehow betrayed, before turning to escape. “No!” Ren barked, the tone so authoritative that Hux paused out of drilled-in instinct. “We are not doing this again.” He recovered quickly. “Doing this?” He gestured between the two of them. “You’re correct!” Kylo looked exasperated, stepping forward. “No, you know what I mean. Running away. Pretending.” “Pretending what ?” “That we aren’t connected now, and you don’t feel it!” “It certainly doesn’t mean I need to kiss you! I don’t even like you!” “Then what happened last week?” The memory came back as if he’d only kicked a light layer of sand over it, as opposed to his attempt to bury it deep enough he’d never remember. As they’d learned, the mind did not always work as you’d hope. Hux squeezed his eyes shut in frustration. “I’m waiting.” “Oh shut up.” He snapped, angry again. There was a possible way out of this, but it was embarrassing as all get out. “That...I was...inebriated. It was unintentional. And it wasn’t going to happen again.” He expected Ren to be angry, or hurt, or even just annoyed. But to his confusion, Ren looked thoughtful a moment, then simply calm. “Alcohol removes the uppermost layers of inhibitions, and urges truthfulness of desire. It just means the act was more honest.” He looked thoughtful again. “Though it does explain things. You were acting really strange.” Hux groaned, running a hand angrily over his face, feeling the bump of Kylo’s long nose and dip of his sharp cheeks. What a reminder that he did not need at the moment. “This is insane.” “It isn’t. It’s...different, yes, but not insane. Are you more upset that you may be attracted to me, or to yourself?” That was just it, wasn’t it? There was no sort of explanation for it. Hux once spent every day looking at himself in the mirror in the morning, every night at bony white joints and thin frame, and he never once found it alluring. But remove him from the green eyes, set him across, and put Kylo in them and...well it really was unbelievably strange. But it was not something he was ready to admit to. “The Dark side tells us to admit to our passions, to utilize our ambition and emotions to push our abilities to their limit. If this is what I want, I will not fight it.” “Do you?” Hux snapped angrily, “This is the first I’ve heard of it. Not two months ago I’m sure you’d have rather run me through with that technological nightmare.” He gestured to the lightsaber, daintily clipped onto Hux’s uniform belt at Ren’s waist. “Things change,” Ren replied, still calm. It was infuriating. “That is the nature of-” “Oh it can be the nature of my foot for all I care.” “The human mind, actually, but close.” Ren quirked a little smug smile that looked entirely too attractive on Hux’s wide lips. “Don’t smile as me,” Hux said poutily, feeling somewhat defeated by the mutiny of his own mind, “you’ll ruin my image.” Still smiling, Ren moved forward again, putting them back into arm's length. How could he be so put together? In such a short time span their lives had been turned upside-down, or rather criss-cross to be more accurate, and every day was a challenge for sanity. “Do you think…” Hux said slowly, keeping eyes on the First Order patch on his uniform, a patch that Ren’s outfit certainly didn’t have, “that I am interested in you...because I am you? Where do we separate?” He looked up in degrees, to see the cocky expression sliding off Ren’s face. For a moment he looked unsure. Good, at least he wasn’t the only one now. As Ren got less anxious over the situation, he seemed to become more so. They needed to carry this burden equally. Ren looked around the room, then settled back down to meet their gazes. “I think it’s something we can’t afford to worry about. No matter what caused it, it simply is now, and working against it would be detrimental to our goal.” “Wouldn’t not worrying about it be easier if we ignored it entirely?” “You know that isn’t how it works.” Hux sighed heavily, “I do.” Ren reached out, and Hux waited until his pale hand touched his shoulder to react. He let it sit, just a moment, to pretend he could enjoy any of it and that he wasn’t quickly losing grip on his well-deserved anger, and then he shrugged it off. “Ignoring it is different from putting it aside. We don’t have time to get distracted. We don’t have time to worry about who is who. We need to focus on switching back, and then whatever follows will be handled then.” “I’m not asking you to get distracted,” Kylo said, “I’m asking you to be open to your feelings. The Dark side of the Force is emotional freedom, you’ll have better control over your...my…” he scoffed, annoyed, “ our , whatever, powers if you work under that assumption.” Hux couldn’t help it, sometimes stress made him laugh. It had been long enough that he almost found this whole mess normal. “Right. Okay, sure. So it’s all for the cause. Of all the ridiculous things-” Kylo kissed him again. After another moment, Hux forcibly pulled their mouths apart, but didn’t back away. “You do that again and I’ll deck you. And you know I can.” “With my muscles,” Kylo snorted, “how is that fair?” “You kissed me with my mouth, nothing is fair anymore.” “True,” Kylo mused. Hux sighed again, and created some distance between them. “I’m still angry at your idiotic idea of negotiation tactics. We can discuss that later. I’m tabling this discussion for now, you need to speak to the troopers before we make it back to the Finalizer .” For once, Kylo didn’t look frustrated to have to do his job. Truly they were both going crazy, there was no other explanation for it. “Yes sir, Lord Ren.” “Shut up.” Notes: This chapter is specifically for tezzypants, who never gave up on me of this story. Merry Xmas! Notes: Thanks to tinyfiestyrosiekitten.tumblr.com for being a pal and encouraging me to write this ridiculous thing. I've been having a lot of fun. The inspiration song for this fic is Kill the Director by The Wombats, and the titles reflect this. :> Lastly, my tumblr is also vmprsm, feel free to hit me up.