The Awakening " There is no emotion, there is peace. There is no ignorance, there is knowledge. There is no passion, there is serenity. There is no chaos, there is harmony. There is no death, there is the Force." - The Jedi Code A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away.... The damp, moss-covered ruin of the ancient temple stood like a beacon on the highest point of the island, shrouded in fog. I drew my cloak more tightly around my shoulders as I climbed the last step to it, though I was more than used to the cold wind. The waves were pounding hard against the cliffs today; I could hear the faint lapping of water against rock and taste a hint of salt in the air even from my distance. There had been a time when I always paused at the end of the climb to admire the view, the ragged beauty of this forgotten planet bringing some semblance of peace to my soul, however temporary a balm. But now, I kept my head down, staring at the slick stairs beneath my feet, wet from the previous night's rain. The grass was even more of a brilliant green than usual, but I had grown blind to this place's beauty after so many years. Luke would be disapproving of these thoughts; I would have to be careful to guard my mind around him. Exhaling softly, the sound lost on the wind, I stepped inside the ruin, our usual meeting-place in the mornings. I lowered my hood, a greeting halfway spoken before the words died on my lips. There was an empty bowl resting on the floor, but my master was nowhere to be seen. I frowned; his absence was a rare thing indeed. I hadn't noticed any trace of his presence on my way up here, but I had been rather absorbed in my thoughts—distracted, as he would say. Carefully, I let the Force slip through my mind, searching for him. Luke? I thought into the void, knowing he would hear me. And then I felt his presence, as familiar to me now as my own voice. I had never been this closely attuned to anyone else. Except for one. But I smoothly pushed away those thoughts, at least with some measure of success, and felt Luke's answer, which was an emotion rather than words, a type of response that could only be achieved by practising utter stillness for many years; even I was not quite adept at it yet. Nevertheless, I understood it clearly: he was seeking solitude, on the opposite end of the island, ruminating about things I could not comprehend. I'd once heard stories about Luke as a boy, stories where he had been impatient and reckless and wild, giving himself into anger and fear—but I always found it difficult to reconcile those images with the Luke I had always known, the man who was more like a still pond, though running deep, than the unpredictable waves crashing against the cliffs beyond. I gently drew back from him, closing the connection between us to give him privacy. While I knew he would not mind allowing me to share his thoughts, I always afforded him this measure of secrecy—he had been generous in doing the same to me. Whether he was reminiscing about the past or imagining the future, I did not know. The shore fish that was to be my breakfast was freshly caught, and somewhat of a special treat—usually our meals were plant-based, the fruit of what few flowers grew on this rocky outcrop. Occasionally I would venture to the other islands, where I would be able to catch a clawcat if I was lucky; the meat would last us for weeks and the fur for months. Seeing that Luke, with his strength not what it used to be, had caught the fish sent affection rushing through me. I hoped he could feel it. It was difficult to restrain myself from gulping down the food—I'd never completely managed to master the art of self-control, however crucial to the Jedi it was—and so I took the opportunity of Luke's absence to greedily wolf it down. As I ate, I wondered how to approach the topic of my unsettling dreams to him. Usually I slept soundly, dreamlessly, but recently I had experienced dreams that were out of the ordinary—not even dreams, exactly, but fragments of dreams, usually a series of images that appeared unconnected even if I tried to piece them together. The burst of raw energy as two lightsabers met; a dark, snowy forest; a blazing sun; and most unsettling of all, a woman screaming. They were more like visions than mere dreams, and held the hazy, almost feverish quality I'd always associated with Force visions. I didn't want to betray how uneasy I'd become about them, and had tried to hide them from Luke, but he would find out eventually. He always did. I set my empty bowl on the ground beside Luke's and closed my eyes to begin my morning meditation. I had slept poorly due to the dreams, and hoped that this would put my mind to rest. But no sooner had I begun to concentrate than every last thought in my head scattered to the four winds. I heard something—not from the Force, but from my own ears—a low roar that shook every nerve in my body. I froze, staring blankly at the decaying stone wall in front of me as the noise grew steadily louder. I couldn't comprehend the implications at first—it was simply impossible. My memories must be taking over my consciousness at last, because there was no way, no possible way in the galaxy that I had just heard the Millennium Falcon— I stayed motionless long after the sound had faded and I could hear only birds screaming in the distance. All it had taken was one sound from my past to shatter my concentration and disturb the inner calm I had worked so hard to maintain. I tried to force my eyes to close again, to gather up the Force, but my mind had turned into a muddled mess, and the only thing I could focus on was the frantic pounding of my heart, slamming against my ribcage. If only Luke were here— Luke. Could he have possibly heard what I had? Perhaps I wasn't going mad after all; perhaps a ship had been flying too low on a routine patrol around the Outer Rim. Never mind that in all the weeks—months— years I'd resided here, I had never seen a single ship. I got to my feet rather shakily, narrowly avoiding tripping over my bowl as I stumbled to the entrance, having to learn on the bricks for support. Just the thought of the Falcon was enough to bring back other memories, memories that I had tried so hard to bury. At first glance, there appeared to be nothing out of the ordinary. The island was still calm, tranquil, desolate, with no ships, Millennium Falcon or not, in sight. Two conflicting feelings swirled up inside me, and I could not tell whether relief or disappointment was dominant. But then my eyes caught movement down below, by the edge of the cliff where the first Jedi had once worshipped. Standing by a jagged slab of rock was Luke, his hood lowered and his hair ruffling slightly in the breeze. And he wasn't alone. My feet were carrying me across the grass before I knew it, by some invisible power that wasn't the Force at all, but I still could not tear my eyes from the figure standing in front of Luke. As I hurried toward them, both looked up at me, and I was hit by a wave of emotions from Luke. Either he wasn't even trying to compose himself, or he couldn't compose himself. He was even more shaken than I was: relief, wariness, and tenderness washing over him in equal measures. For this girl—and it was a girl, I saw as I came closer—to provoke such a reaction from him was unheard of. She was young, but there was a hint of steel in her dark eyes that betrayed a life of hardships. Her hair was pulled back from her face in a triple bun, some of the strands coming loose, and her dress was simple and utilitarian, made of grey strips of cloth and a brown belt cinched around her waist. A long staff was strapped to her back and a satchel was slung over her shoulder. It wasn't battle gear, but it wasn't formal wear, either. The only planet I had ever been on where that style of dress was commonplace was— "I didn't know there would be someone else here," she said, her voice tinged with disbelief. Her accent—upper-class, reminiscent of the nobility of Coruscant—was sharply at odds with her dress. I began to wonder if this wasn't some extraordinarily detailed Force dream. "Nobody knows," I replied hoarsely, unable to take my eyes off of her. The sight of another human after all this time felt like a mirage that could disappear any moment. "I—I was killed many years ago. At least that is what I wished for people to believe." The girl stared at me for another long moment, and then glanced quickly at Luke. He inclined his head to her in a nod, kindness plain on his face as he regarded her. She turned back to me, curiosity alighting on her features. "I'm Rey," she told me; I had the sense she hadn't needed to introduce herself to Luke. I know who you are, I thought, but did not speak the words aloud. "Alena," I offered in return. Her entire demeanor changed at the simple word, something like realization dawning in her eyes. "I saw you in his mind," she said, her tone slightly accusatory, demanding an explanation. "You knew Kylo Ren." If I had thought I'd been in shock before, it was nothing compared to the way I felt at her words. Turmoil bubbled up inside me, threatening to spill over. I expected a reprimand from Luke, but he was silent, perhaps allowing me to overcome this lapse in my own time. I reached up in wonder to touch my face, feeling the foreign sting of tears. "That is…" I tried, and failed, to compose myself, ending my sentence with a stutter. I had to look past her, out at the grey sea vanishing into a single point on the horizon, before I could speak again. "Yes," I whispered after a moment. "I knew him." Sensing that this admission wouldn't be good enough for her, I elaborated as concisely as possible. "I attended Master Skywalker's Jedi academy at the same time he did. We were…familiar with each other." "They told me the academy was destroyed," the girl said, her eyes boring into mine. Was it because I hadn't had contact with any human aside from Luke in years, or did her stare reflect the Force I could feel within her? It was wild—free, unrestrained, young —but also very powerful. "That none of the students managed to escape." I flinched, again losing control of myself. I had built up what I thought was a strong wall around my emotions, and here it was, threatening to topple around me because of a girl and a name. At least it was some comfort that Luke was shaken, too. "That is the official story, yes," I said quietly. My voice wavered. The girl—Rey—noticed this, and her eyes softened a bit. At least she didn't press me for anything more. There was no need for an explanation—we both knew why she was here. Luke had carefully stored the map containing his location with the intent that when the time was right, he would be found. There was no doubt this was why Rey was here. Fate had finally aligned. I looked to Luke for guidance; he took a step toward Rey, and then another, until he was standing in front of her. Puzzlement crossed her face, but she stood her ground: I could feel the confusion, and perhaps the hint of long-buried recognition inside her. I didn't need to actively look in her mind to know what she was thinking. The Force rolled off her in waves. Yes, she would need training. I assumed whoever had sent her had made their choice carefully. "I'm here to bring you— both of you—back to D'Qar," Rey said when she finally tore her gaze from Luke's. "We need you. The Resistance needs you." He bowed his head to stare at a slim metallic object he held in his hands. Another lightsaber, I realized with a jolt. "Leia," he breathed, the whisper so quiet it seemed almost to be part of the wind itself. When he raised his head again, there was a steeliness in his eyes that matched Rey's own. "I have left my sister alone for far too long." Rey blinked, as if she had been expecting a refusal. "So you're coming with me?" "Yes," Luke said sagely. "I sense it is wise not to remain here for much longer." I crossed my arms over my stomach, feeling the beginnings of trepidation. So this was it, then. The day had finally come. I had not followed Luke into exile believing I would spend the rest of my life on this island, with no company other than the roaming wildlife, but it had been so long that I only now realized a part of me had resigned myself to the notion that I would likely die here, on Ahch-To. We had not come here merely for the planet's remoteness, but for the first Jedi temple. Luke had believed it would lead him to whatever answers he searched for—even I was not privy to all of them. But I supposed I could never have expected to avoid forever what I had fled from in the first place; from him. Something had shifted. I could feel it; a ripple in the Force. There was no way to tell if it was a positive or negative change. My dreams had only been the beginning. "Are you just planning to leave here forever, then?" Rey asked, to my relief speaking the question before I could. Luke shook his head. "I will have to return eventually. The temple holds many more secrets than the ones I have been fortunate enough to unearth." "What secrets?" she pressed. Something akin to a smile spread across Luke's aged face. "The last hope for this galaxy." And then he turned to me; I hoped my expression didn't betray the inner turmoil I felt. "Alena," he said, his voice gentle, fatherly. Indeed, Luke had been the closest thing to a father I had ever known. "Are you prepared to leave?" He wasn't giving me a choice, not really, but I appreciated it all the same. I nodded, but I was looking at Rey. "I believe so. I just have one question. How—how long have we been here?" "The general said that you had been missing for ten years," she replied, glancing up at Luke. "Ten years?" I asked in wonder. When I first arrived on this planet, I had been Rey's age, barely out of girlhood. Now I was certain that nobody would mistake me for a girl. I could only catch glimpses of my reflection in ripples of water, but I had aged an entire decade. Even the physical sight of my appearance did not register how much time had truly passed until I looked at Rey. She frowned. "You haven't kept track of time?" "There was no need to," I admitted. Luke pulled up his hood and began to walk against the bracing wind. "Let us go, then," he said. Rey and I hurried to follow him. We had brought no possessions except for the clothes on our backs and our lightsabers, which we always carried with us. Even our bowls had been woven from branches we had found, water carried up the cliff after many tiring journeys and stored so it didn't freeze during the harsh winters. We soon emerged on the crest of a hill, and, unable to contain a rush of pure joy, I saw the Millennium Falcon, worn but in one piece, parked on the outcrop. And standing next to it, presumably waiting for us, were Chewbacca and R2-D2. I halted in shock, unsure whether to trust my own eyes or not. They were such perennial figures from my old life that I felt slightly dizzy, as if the girl I had once been and the woman I was now had merged, rather than the line I had tried so hard to draw between us. But it was too late: it would take me hours of meditation to be able to reach the state of calm it had taken years for Luke to teach me. But somehow all of it fell out of my mind when I heard Chewie roar in greeting, heard Artoo's familiar excited beeping, and before I could stop myself, I was running toward them, down the six hundred and seventy crumbling steps to the shore, slipping and sliding on the wet rock. Luke's quiet amusement filled my head, and I knew that I wasn't in trouble this time. I had the sense that if he was younger and more agile, he would be following my lead. Chewie held out his arms as I drew closer, and I ran straight into them, burying my face in the Wookiee's fur, which was greyer than I remembered, and felt tears spill over my cheeks. I hadn't cried in so long—so long—and there was no doubt it was cathartic, but I already knew that I wouldn't be able to stop anytime soon now that the floodgates had opened. Artoo bumped against the back of my legs, and I managed with difficulty to extract myself from Chewie and knelt down to hug the droid, who unleashed a series of high-pitched beeps and whirs. I'd never been able to understand exactly what he meant like Luke could, or understand Chewie like Han Solo, but I'd spent enough time around them to glean a basic understanding of their particular types of communication. "No, I wasn't killed at the academy. I'm here," I assured them, sniffling pathetically. "I'm still here." By now Luke and Rey had reached us, and I stepped aside while he greeted Chewie and Artoo. Rey glanced at me as the ramp to the Falcon lowered, and I could feel the questions about to burst out of her mouth. She was suspicious of me, and for good reason. I could not blame her. She had come here expecting to find Luke, but she had also found me, and knew that I had some sort of connection to Kylo Ren. She relaxed when she saw Chewie and Artoo's reaction to me, but I could still feel her curious eyes as Luke and I followed Chewie up the ramp. The Falcon was exactly the same as I remembered it, with a slight musty quality that puzzled me, as if it had been sitting dormant for a long time. Rey and Chewie went into the cockpit while Luke and I took seats in the main hold. I very much wanted to ask what had happened to Han, although part of me dreaded the inevitable answer. The ship rumbled to life under us, and I had to grab onto the edge of the holochess board to steady myself, unused to the jerking motion. I'd never liked traveling through hyperspace. "I have failed you, Alena," Luke said softly, thankfully distracting me from the uncomfortable churning in my stomach. "I have failed many, but I continue to fail you." These were not words I had ever expected to hear from him. "What do you mean, Master?" I asked in confusion, but before he could answer Rey appeared in the doorway again, closely followed by Chewie. She slid onto the bench next to Luke and rested her elbows on the table, fixing her gaze on me again. This time I stared back, and our eyes caught and held for a moment before Luke broke the silence. "I expect we have much to learn about the current state of the galaxy," he prodded gently, and the scrutiny between Rey and I was lost as she looked over at him. "I'm not sure I'm the right person to be telling you this," Rey admitted. "I can't explain the history like General Organa could. Last week I—I thought you were just a myth." "Tell us what you know," Luke offered kindly. Rey nodded. Her intake of breath before she began to speak was barely noticeable. "The Resistance has only grown, but so has the First Order. They converted an entire planet into their headquarters and called it Starkiller Base. It used the energy from the sun to power its weapons. They destroyed the entire Hosnian system." Luke's eyes closed. "I felt that," he whispered. "The disturbance." "I have been experiencing unsettling dreams lately," I admitted. "As have I," Luke said. When he opened his eyes again I could have sworn there were new lines on his face. "They were planning to use the weapon on D'Qar, but the Resistance destroyed its thermal oscillator just in time," Rey continued. "Their base is destroyed, but they'll come back. We just don't know how or when." Luke fell into one of his predictable silences that signified he was deep in thought, but I could tell Rey was expecting a reply. I was going to ask her how heavy the losses the Resistance had sustained were, but something completely different escaped from my mouth instead. "You said you saw me in his mind. In Kylo Ren's mind." It had been so long since I'd spoken his name that I was relieved I didn't stutter. If Rey was surprised, she didn't show it. "Yes, I did," she said. "But I didn't get much out of it. He wanted information from me and I managed to—to push back. I saw in his mind, but only for a second." That was impressive. No beginner could ever have hoped to have done that, especially to someone untrained in the ways of the Force. It was simply unheard of. "He's afraid," Rey continued, but there was no pity on her face. I wondered what had happened between them. "And angry. I felt his emotions. But you were the only clear image I saw." My heart was pounding. Again I tried in vain to reach that inner stillness. "You think I have not been tempted by the Dark side?" I asked, hoping I didn't sound faint. "This is a choice I made—that all of us, Force-sensitive or not, have to make. And even then…even then I doubt you will find a being in the entire galaxy that does not carry the potential for both good and evil in them. Light and Dark are not static opposites. They are fluid, ever-changing." Next to me, I felt Luke's approval but refrained from basking in it. Rey leaned forward, her eyes intent. If anything, she looked even more inquisitive than before. "You know more than that," she murmured. "Who are you?" Her tenacity knew no bounds. This time I shared a glance with Luke. Is she ready? I thought. He nodded in return. She already knows the truth, even if she is not willing to face it. It was finally time for me to unburden myself; even Luke did not know all of the details. I managed to grin weakly as I turned back to Rey, wondering when I had last truly smiled. The gesture felt strange on my face. "How much time do we have?" She shrugged one shoulder. "A few hours, give or take." I took a deep breath and cast my mind back to the very beginning. And as I began to speak, I felt the years lift away from me and I was a child again. "This may take longer than a few hours," I warned, and began to tell my story. Chapter 2 : Beginning I was born on Naboo, seven months after the end of the Galactic Civil War. My mother had served as a handmaiden to the Queen for many years, and my father, an X-wing pilot in the Rebel Alliance, was killed during the Battle of Endor. After the fall of the Empire, my mother told Queen Sosha Soruna of her fears that its defectors, many of whom had escaped to Naboo, would discover her connection to the Rebellion and come after her. Although my father had not known about her pregnancy at the time of his death and thus could not have told anyone, the New Republic was still on shaky ground and anyone associated with the Rebellion was at greater risk of being targeted by lingering sympathizers of the Empire. Queen Soruna sympathized with my mother's plight and allowed her to cease being a handmaiden. Shortly after my birth, my mother escaped with me to the Gallo Mountains, where we lived a quiet but peaceful life. I was raised in a small village far from civilization, always under her watchful eye. These were the circumstances surrounding my birth and the basic facts of my early life. I had an extraordinarily pleasant childhood and was allowed to roam freely as long as I returned home before nightfall. Sosha occasionally visited us even after she was no longer queen, and I always looked forward to seeing her. My mother would often hold long, urgent conversations with her after I had gone to bed, but I didn't care to listen to them. If I ever had an inkling that I was different, it was quickly shut down by Mother, who would insist I was just imagining things. I didn't care as long as I wasn't ostracized by the other children, and thankfully I never was. The first decade of my life was by far the happiest, and I grew up believing that I would stay in the same village for my entire life, eventually inheriting our small house and perhaps even marrying one day. I didn't care about seeing the galaxy (or even the rest of Naboo, for that matter) because, to my child's mind, the Gallo Mountains were the world, and the only one I would ever need. But when I was ten years old, my mother fell ill with a deadly fever that swept the entire village, thought to have been transmitted by a Gungan that had recently passed through on its way to Lake Paonga. Since the community was so isolated, the infection spread quickly and struck fast, often claiming its victims mere days after the first symptoms appeared. Healers were summoned from Theed, but for many, including my mother, it was too late. I held her hand while she died, feverish and incoherent, and hid in the house for days afterward, refusing to move her body in case she woke up again. The smell soon became so unbearable that I couldn't eat or drink, and yet I still did not leave the house. I hid under the table for hours on end, curled up into a ball, crying and shaking. I felt as if something was about to burst inside my heart, but it was different than the unbearable grief. I didn't know what it was, but I had never felt it before and it terrified me. And then, finally, I heard a voice outside and a knock on the door—someone was trying to come in. I was afraid that they were going to take me away from home, from my mother, and I shrank away from the noise, hoping they would leave. But the knocking persisted, and when I could bear it no longer I shouted at them to go away at the top of my lungs. The scream triggered something within me, and the pressure in my chest loosened slightly as I saw the lock slide against the door completely of its own accord. This only petrified me more, and I was about to start crying again when I heard Sosha's warm, familiar voice. "Alena, I know you're in there. Open up," she ordered, and scared into submission after what had just happened, I obediently got to my feet and opened the door. Sosha gasped when she saw me, and immediately pulled me into a hug despite my appearance. I clung on to her even after she let go, suddenly grateful to have someone else there. I didn't tell her what had just happened to me—I felt as if speaking the words aloud would somehow make it truer, and I wanted to pretend that I had just imagined what I'd seen. "Where is Gaea?" Sosha asked me gently, kneeling down so that we were at eye level. I silently pointed in the direction of the bedroom, and she gave another sharp intake of breath when she saw my mother's body. "Alena, how long has it been since she died?" "Two nights," I mumbled, hanging my head in shame. I knew that I ought to have alerted someone sooner, but I hadn't been thinking properly. Luckily, Sosha was quick to act: without leaving room for argument, she carefully lifted the body and motioned for me to help, although I was certain she could have done it herself. And it was fortunate that Sosha was the one who had found me; I would likely have put up a fight if it was anyone else. Though she had not been queen for many years, her iron will had not changed. We brought my mother to the graveyard, which stood at the very edge of the village, on a sloping hill that offered a breathtaking view of the mountains and valleys beyond, the river a flash of silver winding far below. There would be no formal ceremony for her, but that didn't matter: she wouldn't have wanted one. Sosha helped me pick a spot under the branches of a Zaela tree, and we spent the afternoon digging a grave near the piles of dirt that covered the other victims. By the time we lowered her inside, the sun had slunk past the high mountain peaks, and the cemetery was deserted. I was shivering with cold, but still refused to leave. When the earth had been covered again, Sosha stepped back to allow me to say goodbye privately, and I spent several minutes trying to compose myself, gulping back tears. Through my blurred vision, I saw movement in front of me that was more than just the wind. I stared in shock as an unfamiliar man stepped out from behind the tree. He had a gentle, wise face and a thick beard. Blue eyes steadily regarded me as if he could see right into my soul. I had never seen anyone wearing robes so heavy and formal—they certainly weren't the custom in Naboo. But strangest of all was his form, which flickered dully at the edges as if he was not entirely present. Don't be afraid, Alena. He did not open his mouth, but I heard the voice echoing in my head as clearly as if he had spoken. I immediately bolted, running for Sosha as fast as my legs would carry me. "There's someone there!" I cried, grabbing her hand and trying to pull her away. Sosha looked over my head in concern. "Where?" "Behind the tree!" I peered around her, desperate to leave. But Sosha boldly (at least in my mind) stepped forward to investigate, and I timidly followed, expecting her to find him any moment. But the graveyard was deserted, and even with the dimming light he couldn't have left without one of us seeing him. "Alena, are you sure you saw someone?" Sosha asked. "Yes," I desperately insisted. "He—he spoke to me. I heard a voice…in my mind." I was so scared that I almost began to cry again. Sosha's entire demeanor changed. Her skeptical expression morphed into something like worry. "What did he say?" "He told me not to be afraid," I whispered. "He knew my name. But I've never seen him before, I'm sure of it." She glanced around once more fervently, but nothing appeared to either her or me, before she took my hand and began to lead me away. "Let's go back to the house and have dinner. I promise you'll feel better tomorrow." "But what was that?" I asked, watching her carefully. "Do you know what I saw?" Sosha met my gaze squarely, and now there was a firm resolve in her eyes. "Yes, I do," she said after a moment. "Gaea never told you anything, I suppose." She sighed. "I always disagreed with her about that." "Never told me what?" I asked, but she refused to answer me. Sosha, I would learn later, had come as soon as she'd heard the news of the plague. Luckily most of the village children had survived or not become sick at all owing to our youth and general good health, but it did leave many of us orphans. Many were sent away to neighbouring villages to become apprentices to carpenters or farmers. A select few were brought to Theed. I was still too deep in my grief to care about what would happen to me. When we arrived back home, I was sent to wash while Sosha prepared food and cleaned the house. After bathing and emerging in new clothes, the place was tidier than it had been even before my mother had fallen ill. I had never felt more grateful than when Sosha gave me a plate filled with fresh bread and vegetables, not realizing how hungry I'd been until I began to eat. She ate slower, regarding me thoughtfully as if trying to decide the best way to begin. Although I was curious, it wasn't until I had cleared my plate before she began to speak. "Alena, has anything unusual ever happened to you before?" she asked. "Like seeing people who aren't there, or hearing voices in your head." I shook my head before remembering what had happened before I'd seen her. "No—well, sort of," I hedged. "When you knocked on the door, before I knew it was you, it sort of…locked itself." "And how did that happen?" she asked quietly. Bolstered by her reaction, which wasn't dismissive in the least as I had feared it would be, I replied, "I was hiding under the table and thinking about how I wanted you to go away. And then there was this funny feeling in my chest and the lock moved by itself. I swear I didn't touch it!" "I believe you," Sosha said seriously. She leaned forward, her eyes intent. "And you're sure this is the first time something like this happened?" "Like this, yes. Sometimes I—sometimes I can guess what's going to happen before it does, or know what other people are feeling—but it doesn't happen often! Mother told me I was just imagining things." Part of me was desperate for her to agree and say that I was just imagining it all, too, but my heart sank when another long silence stretched on and Sosha didn't deny it. "And this only happens when you feel strong emotions?" I nodded numbly, too afraid to speak, waiting for Sosha to scold me, to tell me I had an overactive imagination, to send me to bed like Mother did when I broached the topic with her. But her next question stunned me into complete and utter astonishment. Sosha leaned across the table, her dark eyes unwavering. "Do you know of the Jedi? Of the Force that binds every living thing together, and the powers of those who wield it?" I knew immediately what she was getting at, and yet I still refused to believe it. "Y—yes, I've heard the stories," I stammered. "But I thought they were just stories. I didn't know any of it was real." "It is true," Sosha said heavily. "As much as your mother didn't want it to be. She wanted to hide it from you as long as possible. But you are attuned to that power, Alena." My eyes were as wide as saucers. "So I—I'm a Jedi?" A weary smile flashed across her face. "No. Jedi are trained Force users. You are simply Force-sensitive." "But how is that possible? Mother didn't have it…" "It is not always hereditary—over the ages, the Force has been detected in nearly every species in the galaxy, even if there is no prior trace of it in a family. It does seem to be disproportionately present in humans, but I digress. No, Gaea was not Force-sensitive, but your father was." Sosha folded her hands on the table. "He was not trained, either, but he did have some knowledge of what he could do. He believed he could be an asset to the Rebel Alliance, and he was a skilled pilot on top of that. Of course, neither could save him in the end." I stared down at my hands, as if expecting to see magic sparkling around my fingers. "And I inherited that from him," I whispered. "But why didn't Mother tell me?" Sosha heaved a sigh. "That is more complicated to explain. She knew immediately that her child would be born Force-sensitive. She wanted to hide you because of your power, not for her own safety. It was…dangerous to display such a secret even after the end of the war. Many Force-sensitive younglings were slaughtered by the Empire, and as a result parents were reluctant to come forward with their children. She feared that anything she told you could inadvertently be passed along to the other children, and if their parents sympathized with the Empire you could be in great danger." It took me a moment to process her words. "But I thought the Empire was destroyed," I said in alarm. "Evil can never be completely destroyed," Sosha replied, with a weary voice that echoed her former status as a queen. "The most we can ever do is try to contain it, to fight back. The Galactic Empire has fallen, yes, but I fear that what will inevitably rise from its ashes will be something far worse." To my ten-year-old mind, these words were meaningless—something that I could not comprehend and did not affect me. I was far more concerned with the problem at hand. "So what's going to happen to me?" Sosha finally looked away from me, stirring the spoon around her now-cold soup. "That depends," she replied slowly. "When you were born, Gaea gave me orders that in the event of her untimely death you were to live with me in Theed." "Live with you?" I echoed. I was relieved that I would be able to stay with the woman I regarded as an aunt, but even so…"In Theed? But—but this is my home! I can't leave. What about the house?" "Do not worry about the house," Sosha said firmly. "I will take care of it. But you cannot live on your own, Alena. You are still too young, and it is equally impossible for me to move here and become your permanent guardian. I am a senator representing Naboo in the New Republic, and my duties require much traveling. I would be negligent at best—it is not what Gaea would have wanted for you." "But I want to live with you!" I burst out. "You're all I have left." "That does not always need to be the case," said Sosha. She looked as if she was deeply pondering something. "There is a Senate meeting in Hosnian Prime later this week that I am due to attend. As it so happens, I have an old friend there who is knowledgeable in the ways of the Force. I am sure Senator Organa will be able to help you." "Organa?" I repeated. "Do you mean Leia Organa? The princess and the leader of the Rebellion?" "Former princess," Sosha corrected me. "But yes. She is also the sister of Luke Skywalker." " Luke Skywalker?" I said in awe. "He's—he's real, too?" Such tales had only been whispered by the village children, turning him and the Force into legends and myths that were far away from our reality. To suddenly realize it was all real—and I had the same power that I'd only heard spoken about in hushed tones—made me feel dizzy. "It is all real," Sosha answered. "Yes, Luke is now the head of a special academy for the Force-sensitive. Students travel from the farthest reaches of the galaxy to be taught by him, the last remaining Jedi. He will teach you how to use your powers." "But what if I don't want to use them?" I asked, my lip quivering. "What if I want to be normal?" "It is nothing to be afraid of, Alena," Sosha said gently. "The Force is a part of you. I have known enough Force-sensitives to know that you have a gift. You must embrace it." "But if I do nothing—if Father could tame it—" "He could not," Sosha interrupted firmly. "You will learn this in time. He struggled with it as he grew. After it awakens in you, it will become more and more difficult to control. I promise you don't have to become a Jedi," she said more softly when she saw the genuine fear on my face. "If that was the fate of every Force-sensitive being in the galaxy, there would need to be far more than just one academy." "I guess so," I said in a small voice. I heard her sigh quietly in what sounded like exasperation. "I am no expert on the Force, but I can introduce you to people who are, and you can make a decision then. If you truly do not wish to pursue this path, I will try to find alternate arrangements." I looked up, hardly daring to hope. "Really?" Sosha nodded. "I will keep my word. But now you must go to bed. We will travel to Theed tomorrow and prepare for the journey to Hosnian Prime." She was clearly just sending me away before she could promise anything more, but still I stood up and rounded the table to hug her. "Thank you, Sosha," I said, relieved. But there was still one more question weighing heavily on my mind, and I couldn't stop myself from asking it when I drew back. "I've heard of the Force being able to move objects, but what was it I saw? Who did I see? Who was that man? Was that part of the Force, or something else?" Sosha smiled tiredly. "That, even I do not know." I barely slept that night. My mind was racing, the same thoughts turning over and over in my head. My heart ached with grief for my mother, but I had cried so much that I was out of tears. My stomach churned in anticipation for the day ahead, but I was terrified of leaving the only home I had ever known. I was ignorant of the world, of the galaxy, outside the village in which I'd been raised. And it was all due to Mother—she had been the one who had kept everything from me, pretended that I was normal. She hadn't told me about my father being Force-sensitive. In fact, I barely knew anything about him aside from that he had grown up on Naboo with no family to speak of, having been left at the royal palace as an infant. For some inexplicable reason, Queen Amidala had allowed him to remain in the palace as a servant and he'd met Mother there, later joining the Royal Naboo Space Fighter Corps and then the Rebel Alliance. But she had always been careful not to tell me anything more than the bare facts. What else had she hidden from me for my own safety? The image of the ghost, the bearded man, popped into my mind again and I suddenly became aware that I was staring into the empty darkness of my bedroom. I quickly squeezed my eyes shut, as if that would somehow stop the apparition from appearing again, and felt silence press heavily on my ears until I eventually fell into a troubled sleep. Sosha shook me awake the next morning, ignoring my mumbled protests. "The journey to Theed will take several hours," she said. "It is nearly noon and I wish to arrive before nightfall." The realization that I had slept for nearly the entire morning finally roused me, and I sleepily sat up, rubbing my eyes. Sosha had already laid out my clothes and a satchel at the foot of the bed. "Take only the essentials; it is wise to travel light," she instructed. "I will return to retrieve more possessions later." I didn't dare to disobey a direct order from a former monarch, and so I reluctantly climbed out of bed and changed into my traveling clothes, tying my hair back so it wouldn't fall in my face. I stood in the middle of the room for a moment, staring around at the shelves with a satchel in hand. We had never been able to afford many luxuries, and I had grown out of my childhood toys. I could bring books, but I didn't think they would fit Sosha's description of "essentials"; besides, they would be heavy to carry around. Surely there would be books wherever I was going. After careful deliberation, I finally settled on two things apart from clothes: a knitted doll Mother had sewn for me when I was an infant—worn now, but it was the first thing I could remember owning—and something that wasn't mine at all but had in all accounts been abandoned. The story went that when my father was found at the steps of the royal palace, there had been a Glow Stone tucked into his blanket, native to Mandalore and perhaps the only clue as to where he had come from. Mother told me that he had made many trips to the planet searching for his family, but with nothing more than a common stone for guidance it had proven impossible. Nevertheless, he had kept it and called it his good-luck charm. He hadn't had it when he was killed, and although I knew better now, I used to believe that if he'd brought it with him during that last battle, he would still be alive. So with a reminder of both of my parents, I slung the satchel over my shoulder and looked around the bedroom one last time, trying to commit it to memory, before I heard Sosha calling me and I grudgingly turned my back and walked outside. Although it was the middle of the day, the moons were still visible in the clear blue sky as I traipsed across the grass to where Sosha was standing next to a sleek yellow speeder hovering a foot off the ground. I handed my satchel to her and she tucked it safely inside the storage compartment before turning back to me. "Have you ever been on a speeder before?" she asked. I shook my head. "Well, then, all you need to do is make sure you're sitting comfortably and hold on," she explained. "I'll do all the work. It might be a bit bumpy at first, but you'll get used to it after a while—it's especially useful for escaping raiders." "Raiders?" I squeaked. Sosha looked amused at my expression. "Don't worry, it's very unlikely that we'll encounter any around here. They aren't very common in this part of Naboo. But on the chance we do, we'll be fine." Without further ado, she swung herself onto the speeder—it didn't so much as twitch under her weight. "Climb on behind me." I was briefly alarmed—I didn't have time to prepare myself—before it occurred to me that a clean break was exactly what Sosha wanted. If I was allowed to wait until I was ready, to walk around the village one more time and visit the graveyard, I would never be able to leave. All I could do was hope that I would see this place again someday. I swallowed, tucking a strand of hair behind my ear, and nodded, taking a deep breath of the cool breeze that blew in from the mountains before hopping up and clambering ungracefully onto the speeder behind Sosha. It didn't feel entirely stable—it took me a moment before I found my balance and was sure I wasn't going to slip off the sides, as I wasn't quite tall enough for my feet to touch the ledge—and wrapped my arms around Sosha, squeezing my eyes shut. "I'm ready," I whispered, the words barely audible even to my own ears. But Sosha somehow heard anyway. I felt her foot kick the pedal, and my stomach was suddenly left behind as we lurched forward, accelerating incredibly fast. My knees were gripping the bike, the wind whipping through my hair and against my face—I couldn't open my eyes even if I wanted to. All I could do was hold on to Sosha in a death grip and pray that I wouldn't fall off. I wasn't sure how much time had passed—it could have been a minute or an hour—before I finally dared to crack open one eye. I hadn't fallen off yet, and the wind wasn't as unforgiving as it had seemed at first. But what I saw quickly made both of my eyes snap open. Growing up in the mountains, I'd never had the opportunity to see different types of terrain, so while I knew that flat land did exist, the sight of fields stretching around us as far as the eye could see was as good as foreign to me. Gone were the snowcapped peaks reaching up to the clouds—here there was nothing more than gently rolling hills and fields. I felt as if the unobstructed view was enough to see right around to the other side of the planet. Next to us, a twisting river shone and sparkled in the sunlight, brightly colored fish darting in and out of sight. "We're almost there," Sosha called back to me. "Can you see it?" I squinted ahead, and sure enough, I could see flashes of white amongst the sea of green. As we got closer, I realized that they were walls—dome-shaped buildings stretching into the distance. The roofs all looked to be painted the same dark green, and now I recognized the characteristic architecture of Theed I had previously only seen in books. It was like a painting come to life. Sosha stopped the speeder just outside of the city limits and helped me off. My legs were sore from gripping so tightly onto the sides of the vehicle, and I took a few experimental steps forward, my knees wobbling. She laughed. "You fared better than I did my first time. I could barely walk for days." Luckily, Sosha was patient enough to slow down to my pace as I hobbled onto the marble street. I soon forgot about the pain in my legs as I took in my surroundings. It was bustling with activity, dozens of species hurrying past us and speaking to each other in different languages. Merchants called out to us as we passed, promising bargains and sales. I had never seen so many people in my life, and I kept stopping to turn around in wonder at the sights. "If you think this is impressive, you should see Hosnian Prime," Sosha remarked at my looks of awe. The shock still hadn't worn off by the time we reached the end of what I assumed was the main street. A pair of grand golden gates towered over us, beyond which I could see an enormous fountain. There was a constant, dull roaring somewhere nearby. "Is this the palace?" I asked Sosha, who nodded as we came up to a guard dressed entirely in black. Recognition crossed his face when he saw her, and he bowed low as he gestured to the gate, which immediately swung open. "Thank you," she said to him, and swept purposefully through the entrance. I hurried to follow her. Now that I had an unobstructed view of the fountain, I realized how marvelous it actually was: torrents of water rose dozens of feet into the air before splashing down again, spraying the vicinity with mist. Benches were placed around the courtyard, surrounded with flowers and plants in full bloom. "I am going to request a starship from the queen's arsenal," Sosha instructed me. "Wait here." But she had barely begun to walk away before a figure clothed in heavy scarlet robes appeared from around the fountain. Her face was painted white except for two crimson dots in the middle of her cheeks. The queen, I realized with a jolt. Five more women followed her wearing less ornate robes—the handmaidens. Like my mother used to be. "Senator Soruna," the queen commanded. Sosha curtsied low to her, and I copied the gesture as best I could. "I was about to send out a search party for you." "I apologize, Queen Escara," Sosha said humbly. "I was visiting the house of a friend who recently died of plague. She entrusted her daughter into my care." "From that village in the Gallo Mountains?" Queen Escara asked. "That epidemic has been weighing on my mind for days. I am sorry, child." She inclined her head to me. "Thank you," I mumbled awkwardly, surprised that such a matter had reached the queen's ears. Escara turned to Sosha. "I don't expect you've heard the news that the Senate meeting has been rescheduled to this afternoon." "This afternoon?" Sosha repeated, raising her eyebrows. "That leaves us on a tight schedule, but we should be able to make it on time. It is still taking place on Hosnian Prime, I presume?" "Indeed. I would have attended on your behalf if you had not made an appearance," Escara said. "Come—I will show you to the hangar. We just ordered a new fleet of starships I think you will find to your liking." She turned around and began to lead the way, the gaggle of handmaidens following suit. I was struck by the sight of a massive waterfall pouring down the side of the cliff, the source of the roaring I'd heard earlier. "Come along, Alena," Sosha called from where the others were quickly leaving me behind. I managed to tear my eyes away from the magnificent sight and hurried to follow her. "Are you sure this is safe?" I asked nervously, fidgeting in my seat as Sosha steered the starfighter out of the hangar bay. The engine rattled under my feet, and I felt trapped in the tiny seat beside her, strapped in so tightly I couldn't take a full breath and a heavy helmet obscuring the top half of my vision. Escara and her handmaidens stood at the entrance watching our departure. I pushed up the visor on my helmet with sweaty hands as we emerged outside again, waiting with bated breath for Sosha's answer. To my relief, she chuckled. "Of course it is," she reassured me for the hundredth time. "These fighters are brand-new and made of the most durable material. I fought in the Galactic Civil War during my terms as queen, Alena. Please trust me." It was far too late now to continue protesting, so I chose to believe her and grabbed hold of a handle tightly as she pulled out of the hangar reserved for the Naboo Royal Space Fighter Corps. I tried to calm myself by thinking that my father must have done this hundreds of times. He had once been here, in this very hangar, piloting his own starfighter. Perhaps he'd even taken Mother for a ride— The engine's growl morphed into a deafening screech and I was pushed backwards into my seat as we suddenly lifted off from the ground, climbing higher and higher. The sky spun above us, and I twisted around to see the palace growing smaller beneath us, the domed roofs of Theed all morphing into one green mass. Now I could see that the city stood on the edge of a cliff, two enormous waterfalls plunging into a lake below. Theed was soon just a speck on the ground, and there was only wilderness surrounding it. I thought I could even see the mountains in the distance if I looked hard enough. And then we were swallowed up by clouds, and I turned to face the front again. We were leaving the atmosphere, the fluffy clouds growing thinner as we climbed. Sooner than I expected, we shot out into space, and now an endless sky of black pressed into us from all sides, only peppered by the specks of light of distant stars. Sosha leaned forward and pulled a lever on the cockpit. Instantly the stars all blurred into a single blinding point, and we were suddenly hurtling through a blue tunnel of light—my stomach turned upside down for the second time that day—now I couldn't close my eyes— And then as abruptly as it had begun, we emerged from the other end and were racing towards an enormous planet, twice the size of Naboo, whose surface glittered and sparkled like my father's Glow Stone. I slumped forward in my seat, gasping. I was sure I was either going to cry or throw up. "How are you faring, Alena?" Sosha called over to me. As we neared Hosnian Prime, I realized that the planet wasn't made up of one huge light, but countless individual ones. She had told me it was impressive, but there was no way I could possibly have prepared for the sight. "What was that?" I demanded, gesturing behind us. "Hyperspace," Sosha replied. "The quickest way to travel from one end of the galaxy to another. The starfighter has recently been equipped with a hyperdrive—it's definitely more impressive than the ones I learned to fly on." What would be even more impressive, I decided, would be if it was possible to travel through hyperspace without feeling like I was being digested by some enormous creature. I focused on calming my stomach as we dropped lower into the city, and I finally realized what Sosha meant about Hosnian Prime: there were towers as far as I could see, reaching up into the clouds—I remembered reading that some had thousands of levels. Airspeeders and starships zoomed through the skylanes in controlled chaos; the entire planet seemed to bustle and hum with life. It was incredibly vibrant. I was beginning to feel overwhelmed already; I couldn't shake the feeling that I was in a dream. Sosha set the starfighter down on an empty stretch of tarmac in front of a long, flat building that was just a story tall but had to be over a kilometre long, surrounded by pleasant green gardens and red-brick paths weaving through them. Grateful to hop out of the ship, I followed Sosha as she waved an attendant over to look after the starfighter. The sounds of the city, which had been dulled when we were flying, suddenly rushed into my ears in a cacophony of noise, as did the smells of rubber and grease from the hangar. Sosha had been right: if I'd thought Theed was impressive, Hosnian Prime was absolutely jaw-dropping. "Where are we?" I asked in a hushed tone, hurrying to catch up with her. It was impossible to take in everything at once. "The Senate District of Republic City," she replied. We had reached the doors of the building by now, and they slid open as we entered into a much quieter reception area, a welcome relief from the commotion outside. "This is the senatorial complex, the centre of the New Republic's government." Perhaps she had already informed them of her arrival, or maybe they simply recognized her, but we weren't stopped by any guards as she led me down a narrow but long whitewashed corridor, the floor covered with gold-flecked carpet. I stared at the automated sidewalk moving past us, wanting to hop onto it, but something told me Sosha wouldn't be happy if I did. Sunlight poured into the building from broad transparent panels above us, and a pair of wide, oak-panelled doors led to what I guessed was the Senate Chamber. The entire building held an aura of majesty and timelessness that made me feel nervous; I was afraid that if I touched anything it would disintegrate from the weight of centuries past. Countless statues adorned the corridor; chancellors and senators from bygone eras stared disapprovingly down at us. "The meeting must have already started," Sosha muttered to herself. She stopped and turned around to face me. "I'm sorry, Alena, but I must attend this conference alone. You must be overwhelmed right now—I did not realize just how isolated Gaea kept you. I'll be back soon and we'll go somewhere you can rest." I could do nothing but nod and watch as she disappeared into the Senate Chamber. There was no one else in sight aside from two blue-robed guards standing by the doors. I wanted to run after her, but I didn't want to get in trouble. I slumped down onto the floor, my back against the wall, and rested my elbows on my knees. The guards, who had seen me arrive with Sosha, paid me no attention. At least no one would notice if I fell asleep. The doors must be very well-insulated; no sound emanated from the Senate Chamber, no matter how hard I listened. I hoped the meeting wouldn't take too long—I was feeling dizzy and exhausted from everything I had seen that day. I couldn't believe the last time I'd slept was back on Naboo; now here I was, thousands of light-years from my homeworld, in the very core of the galaxy. If Sosha hadn't found me, where would I be now? I wasn't sure I wanted to know the answer. The minutes slowly passed, and with no sign of Sosha I felt my eyelids growing heavy. It was easy to give in to the fatigue and tell myself that I could take a short nap. There was nothing else to do, anyway. I'd barely just closed my eyes when I felt it: something that made the hair on the back of my neck stand on end. It was intangible, impossible to articulate in words, but I felt it clearly. Some strange pull, a dull ache in my chest, the same thing that had occurred when the front door had locked by itself, and just before I'd seen the ghost in the graveyard. My mouth went dry while my eyes snapped open in fear, fingers clenching themselves into fists. Was this the Force? Was something going to happen? No, I didn't want this to happen here—what if I ended up breaking one of the statues by accident? I'd be locked up forever. I pressed my hands over my ears, trying to block out the noise—but it wasn't a noise, exactly, it was more like a pressure. Not painful, but not pleasant either. But the pressure didn't abate in the slightest, and I could feel frustrated tears building up in my eyes. I didn't want this Force at all. I just wanted it to stop. The guards were still standing at their posts flanking the door, completely oblivious to my turmoil. It seemed impossible to me that they couldn't feel it. My heart pounded wildly, and I was certain any moment the doors to the Senate Chamber would fly open and someone would come for me. And then I heard the echo of the ghost in my mind: Don't be afraid, Alena. I saw him in my head, clear as day, smiling benevolently down at me. He wasn't an apparition as he had appeared before, but somehow he seemed just as real. To my shock, the pressure on my head lessened slightly, and I cautiously took my hands away from my ears. I was no longer scared of the sensation, and the less I fought against it, the less it bothered me. There was an odd thrumming feeling in my fingers and toes, and the pressure became more of a light hum. As if something else was guiding me, as if I wasn't in control of my own body at all, I found myself getting to my feet and my legs carrying me down the hallway, to the source of what had caused the sensation in the first place. I realized that it hadn't originated in me at all and I had only sensed it. But still I was drawn to it, as if there was an invisible thread leading me forward. I wasn't sure what to expect when I rounded the corner, but it certainly wasn't what I encountered. I found myself in a corridor exactly like the one I had just left, down to the doors in the same location and two more guards standing in front of an entrance ahead of me. I stopped short, confused, and my eyes landed on a boy in the middle of the hallway. He was facing away from me, but I could see that he held his hand out in front of him, palm up. A coin floated just above his fingers. I stared at it, mesmerized. Magic, I thought. "How do you do that?" I asked before I could stop myself. The coin immediately dropped back into his palm and he whirled around to face me, embarrassment, surprise and even incredulousness chasing themselves across his features. He was around my age, with wavy black hair plastered to his head and a narrow, angular face. His robes were plain and unremarkable, a simple brown belt looped around his waist. "It's easy," he replied, somewhat arrogantly, and took a step toward me. He opened his fingers again and looked down at the coin, but nothing happened. The coin stayed unmoving on his palm. He closed his eyes, concentrating. This time it vibrated slightly but still didn't rise. His hand began to shake. The now-familiar knot tightened in my chest, but this time I didn't panic. I kept my eyes fixed on the coin, imagining it rising into the air. My own hand twitched at my side, and to my astonishment the coin lifted off the boy's hand. It didn't rise more than a couple of inches, and it was jerking around rather than hovering, as if gravity was trying to push it back down. A dull headache began to pound at the edges of my brain. It was as if I was trying to hold myself up by just my elbows and my body was protesting against the unnatural position. The boy's own eyes flew open, and the coin dropped back into his hand. A shudder ran through my body, and I forced myself to keep my gaze on his, hoping he wouldn't notice that I was breathing hard. I felt disoriented, as if I had been abruptly awoken from a deep sleep. Had he figured out what I had just done? There was no accusation in his eyes, just frustration and a hint of curiosity. "You," he said in surprise. "You have the Force. I can feel it." "Yes," I replied, bemused. "But I wish I didn't." Now he looked confused, as if he hadn't expected that answer. His brow furrowed. "Ben!" The voice came from behind me; I whirled around to see a woman walking purposefully toward us. She wore robes that bore the distinctive mark of the New Republic; her long hair was twisted into a single braid. Although even I was taller than her, I suddenly felt much smaller. Sosha commanded the same aura of power, but there was something even more battle-hardened about this woman. She stopped and frowned at my new companion, who ducked his head, looking ashamed. "Ben, I thought I told you not to do that," she scolded, snatching the coin out of his hand. "Especially in front of strangers. I hope you haven't scared the poor girl." Her tone was light, but there was an unmistakable air of concern to it that even I noticed. "No, Mother," the boy—Ben—mumbled. He kept his head down, although his eyes briefly flashed up to mine. His brown gaze was identical to the woman's. I felt inclined to defend him. "I asked him to show me what he was doing," I admitted. "I wanted him to teach me." His mother's eyebrows raised. I felt as if I was shrinking as she turned her attention to me. "I'm afraid that is not the sort of thing that can be taught—" "Alena!" Now it was my turn for my name to be called, and I sighed in relief as I saw Sosha hurrying toward us. To my surprise, recognition lit up her face when she saw who I was with. "Senator Organa!" she exclaimed, and warmly embraced the woman. " Organa?" I asked in a strangled tone, unable to believe what I was hearing. "You—you're Princess Leia?" "I have not been royalty for years," she corrected lightly, drawing back from Sosha. "I am a Senator now." Even so, I couldn't stop myself from curtsying to her as I had done to Queen Escara earlier. Ben rolled his eyes. I ignored him. "Leia," said Sosha, gesturing to me, "This is Alena, Owen and Gaea's daughter. You may remember them from your brief stay on Naboo—" Leia's eyebrows shot up. "Owen's daughter?" she asked, examining me carefully again. "I didn't know that Gaea had a child." "Neither did Owen," Sosha said bluntly. Even though I knew the truth of it, the words still stung, and I forced a polite smile, staring down at my feet. I could feel Ben's curious gaze on me. "I only encountered him briefly during the war," Leia was saying. "But I do remember that he was an excellent pilot. I'm sure Lando can attest to that." "He was Force-sensitive," Sosha explained. "Gaea took Alena with her into hiding when she was born. But Gaea has recently passed away, and I was hoping to find you so that you could talk to Luke about Alena joining the academy. It appears she has inherited Owen's...talents." Leia gave a short laugh. "I doubt Luke is able to leave the academy right now, but I can arrange a holocall tomorrow." She reached out and placed a hand on the boy's shoulder, drawing him over to her. "And this is my son, Ben. I don't believe you've met him before." Sosha and Ben exchanged a nod. Before anyone could speak again, the doors to the Senate Chamber opened and the other senators began to file out, quickly filling up the corridor. This somehow signaled the end of the conversation, and Sosha beckoned to me. "Let's go, Alena," she said. "We will meet them again tomorrow." "Of course," Leia said graciously. "You know where our apartment is. Come by anytime." "Thank you, Senator," Sosha replied, inclining her head to her old friend before sweeping past them and into the crowd of senators who were beginning to pour out of the meeting. I gave Leia and Ben a tiny smile before scurrying to catch up to Sosha for the thousandth time that day. The Force brushed against the edges of my mind until they were out of sight. Chapter 3 : Hosnian Prime I shifted nervously from foot to foot as Sosha rang the bell to Senator Organa's apartment, wanting childishly to hide behind her. Although she had taken me on a whirlwind tour of Republic City that morning, and my head was still spinning from all that I'd seen, I hadn't been able to stop thinking about this visit. I kept replaying the encounter I'd had with Ben over and over in my mind, imagining the coin rising into the air. I had tried to replicate it again with a pebble I'd found on the ground when Sosha wasn't looking, but I hadn't been successful. No matter how hard I tried to call the Force back to me, to feel that pressure pulsing just behind my eyes, I couldn't do it. Now I was wondering if it had just been a fluke and I wasn't Force-sensitive after all. Hadn't Sosha said that every being in the galaxy possessed the Force and some were just more attuned to it than others? Would Luke Skywalker be able to tell that I had no idea what I was doing? My hands shook at the thought. "Alena, stop it," Sosha said firmly, placing her hand on my arm to still me. "There's nothing to be afraid of." I reluctantly stood up straighter and clasped my hands behind my back to stop their trembling as the door opened. Instead of the senator, however, we were met by a vaguely humanoid, gold-plated creature whose eyes lit up—literally—at the sight of us. I could almost see the gears turning in its head. "Greetings," it said at once in a robotic voice. "I am C-3PO, human-cyborg relations. Might I assume that you are Senator Soruna and her ward?" "Correct," Sosha said, inclining her head. "I believe Leia is expecting us." "She did mention your visit," the creature replied, and stepped aside to let us pass, Sosha ushering me inside first. The door automatically closed behind us, making me jump. We stood in a small entryway, a hallway directly ahead leading deeper into the apartment. The only piece of furniture in sight was a tall mahogany wardrobe in the corner, its door slightly ajar. I waited until our new companion was out of earshot before leaning over to Sosha. "What species is he?" I whispered, not wanting to be rude. But he had better hearing than I thought—before Sosha could answer, he spun around to face us again. "Why, I am a protocol droid! Is that not obvious?" he asked with an air of astonishment. A dark head peered around the corner behind him, searching for the source of the commotion. I saw recognition cross Ben's face when he spotted us, and he moved fully into view, stopping next to the indignant droid. "I'm sorry," I apologized. "I just—I've never seen a droid before." "You've never seen a droid?" Ben asked incredulously. "My thoughts exactly, Master Ben," the droid nodded. Embarrassment stained my cheeks pink, and I stared down at the floor just as Ben had done yesterday when Leia scolded him. "Not everyone is as fortunate as we are," a voice said from behind him, and for the second time Leia herself came to my rescue. She was dressed more casually today, in the same style of plain white robes Ben was wearing, but she still held the same regal air. "You must always remember that, Ben." The tips of his ears turned red at the admonishment, but he continued to stare at me. His gaze made me even more anxious than I had been before. "I'm sorry, Senator Organa," I apologized again furtively. "I didn't mean to insult him." "Please call me Leia, dear," she said. "And don't worry, you didn't insult him. I think I'll have to fit him with a humility circuit one of these days." "She may not know what I am, but at least she has manners, which is more than I can say of many," the droid told Leia, which was as much of an acceptance as I was probably going to get. If I wasn't mistaken, he was bantering with her. Did droids even have that capability? Leia glanced over at him, a dry smile on her face. "Thank you, Threepio." The droid bowed low and shuffled away. I watched him disappear with my mouth slightly open. They even had their own personal droid —I had never heard of such a thing. Sosha hadn't spoken during the entire exchange, but now I saw her looking sideways at me. I couldn't tell whether her expression was disapproving or angry, but she definitely wasn't happy. Hadn't apologizing been the right thing to do? "I hope we haven't disturbed you," she said to Leia. "Oh, don't bother with the formalities, Sosha," the princess replied, waving a dismissive hand. "We're not in the royal court anymore." Sosha retreated further into the entryway, and Leia began to lead us down the hall. I expected Ben to follow his mother, but he stayed behind while Leia and Sosha went ahead, now deep in conversation about the InterGalactic Banking Clan and someone called Hego Damask. "My mom said that you lived in the same village your whole life," he began when I reached him. "Is that true?" I glanced sideways at him, wondering if he was going to make fun of me, but there was nothing but curiosity in his eyes. "Yes." "What's that like?" Ben asked, and now there was true interest in his voice. "To have nobody know who you are?" I was taken aback by his question, expecting him to have laughed at me instead. "Lonely," was all I replied. His dark eyes flickered up to mine, and I looked questioningly over at him, but he quickly turned his head and kept his gaze straight ahead. The hallway soon opened up into a sparsely furnished living-room; it wasn't at all how I imagined the apartment of a princess and respected senator to look. Every object served a purpose, from the long sofa running across the opposite wall to the wooden table resting in front of it to the understated clock ticking above us. Everything was in muted shades of white and grey except for a painting of a brilliant sunset hanging above the sofa; the splash of red was the only bright colour in the room. Still, I eagerly drank in every tiny detail, no matter how insignificant. There was no telling when the bubble would burst and I would be back to my old life again. "This is nothing," Ben said, but his tone was matter-of-fact rather than boastful—as if he knew nothing else. "You should see our house on Takodana." "You have another home?" I asked in awe. I couldn't fathom how much wealth they must have to be able to afford two places to live. "We live in Takodana for most of the year," Ben answered. "Mother only comes here on business." That explained the simple apartment. Still, I was sure that the house I had grown up in could fit comfortably inside of it two or three times. We took seats on the sofa, Sosha and I on one end, Ben and Leia on the other. The device on the table in front of us was one I thankfully recognized, although I had never used it before. The holoprojector was small and circular, and could easily fit in the palm of my hand. "Is Luke—Master Skywalker—is he the only teacher at the academy?" I asked Leia. She shook her head. "He has occasional help from close friends—I have given lectures there several times in the past—but he does shoulder most of the burden alone." "Alone!" Ben scoffed. Leia frowned at him. "Don't be rude. Luke and Jyn have known each other for many years—" "They're married," Ben replied with absolute certainty, shrugging his shoulders. "How do you know?" Leia asked. "Jyn told me," he said. "It was secret. They were planning to tell you later." "Well, then, I have a bone to pick with Luke." Looking slightly disgruntled, Leia turned back to us and explained, "Jyn Erso is one of the rebels who stole the original Death Star plans and enabled us to destroy it during the Battle of Yavin. She isn't Force-sensitive, but she does help Luke run the academy. Usually boys and girls are separated until they're around fifteen. It's not very rigorous for the first couple of years; quite different from the old Jedi Order. Luke doesn't take any children under the age of ten—Ben's only starting this year. You'll be able to go home often enough." I looked at Ben inquiringly. "You're going there, too?" I asked. He nodded, and I felt a tiny spark of relief. At least if I was sent away, I would know at least one other person. Never mind that Leia had said the boys and girls were separated… Sosha nudged me, hard, and I glanced over at her. "At least act like you're paying attention, Alena," she hissed, and I realized that I had been staring blankly at the painting of the sunset lost in thought, and the topic had completely changed. "He promised he'd be here," Ben was saying. He scowled and crossed his arms over his chest. "Yes, well, you know your father…" Leia replied in a long-suffering tone. "Princess Leia!" Threepio hurried back into the room. "Before you speak to Master Luke, I must inform you that the Millennium Falcon has been spotted at the docking station—" "Too late for a warning, Threepio," a voice said from behind the droid, and an unfamiliar man appeared in the doorway. He was tall and ruggedly handsome, streaks of grey colouring his sandy hair. I guessed right away that he was Ben's father—their profiles were too similar to be ignored. Leia stood up at once; the man seemed as if he was expecting her to rush over to him, but she just placed her hands on her hips, disapproval written all over her face. He looked almost sheepish, rubbing the back of his neck. "I'm sorry, Leia, I made it here as fast as I could." Her face softened, although she appeared to be doing her best to stay stern, and the man's expression morphed into one of relief. He moved further into the room, a grin crossing his face when he saw his son. "Hey, kid." He ruffled Ben's hair and glanced over at me. "Who's your girlfriend?" "I'm not his girlfriend," I protested at the same time Ben insisted, "She's not my girlfriend." Gods, why did the adults all look so amused? Mortified, I added, "And my name is Alena." "Don't you have a last name?" Ben interjected. "Don't you?" I boldly retorted. "Solo," he admitted grudgingly. " Solo? Like Han Solo? One of the heroes of the Rebellion? He's your father?" How could Ben just sit there and shrug? He was the son of two of the most famous people in the entire galaxy. I whirled around to stare at the man. "You're Han Solo?" "The one and only," he replied dryly. I took another moment to reel in shock before I answered Ben's question. "And I don't have a last name," I told him. "My father never knew his and my mother was taken to the royal palace as a baby. She didn't know her family, either." Ben looked clearly uncomfortable. "I'm sorry," he muttered. Leia was watching us with a pleased expression, although I couldn't imagine why. "Where's Chewie?" she asked Han, thankfully turning the focus away from Ben and I. "Back with the Falcon," Han replied, nodding toward the front door. "We had some trouble with the hyperdrive, so we had to take the long way home." "I wish you would get that looked at, or better yet, buy a new ship," Leia said in exasperation. "I think its days of glory are over." Han looked indignant. "You might as well get rid of me too then, sweetheart," he said. "What about my days of glory?" She rolled her eyes, but at least she was smiling. Han was now trying to appease his son, who was pretending to be indifferent to his presence. "Come on, kid," Han said, leaning over to tickle his shoulders. I could see Ben trying his best to stay serious—and then his lips twitched and he began to giggle. I watched the exchange with interest: so this was what a proper family looked like. "Why are you bringing him to Senate meetings anyway?" Han asked Leia. "He's probably bored out of his skull." "I'm sure he's not," Leia said patiently. "Besides, it's a skill he needs to learn, considering the current political climate." "Are you coming to Yavin when I leave, Father?" Ben quickly asked, unsubtly steering the conversation away from Senate meetings. Han and Leia exchanged a glance over his head. "You bet," Han said after a moment. "Wouldn't miss it for the galaxy." Ben, I noticed, couldn't hide his pleased expression. When there was a lull in the conversation, Leia introduced Han and Sosha, and after formalities had been exchanged everyone sat down again to finally turn on the holoprojector. I waited with bated breath as Leia turned the dial until a flickering but corporeal figure appeared on the projector—a brown-haired man with wise eyes and a kind smile. I felt at ease just looking at his hologram. "Luke!" Leia warmly exclaimed, leaning in closer to him. "How are you?" "Very well, thank you," he said just as warmly. "What about you?" "We're doing as well as we can be," she explained. "Han just returned from Corellia." "Gotta go home sometimes," Han remarked. Leia frowned, as if something about his words displeased her, but it was gone before I was even sure it had been there at all. Luke either didn't notice the sudden tension or pretended not to. "And what about you, Ben?" he asked, looking at his nephew. "Have you been practicing what I taught you?" "Yes, Uncle Luke," he muttered. I waited eagerly for an explanation, but neither of them elaborated. "How is Jyn?" Leia asked pointedly. Luke's smile grew even wider; the pride in his voice was evident. "She is fine," he said. "She's looking forward to seeing you when you bring Ben to the academy next week." Before Leia could question him further, he turned to me. I had the sense he had always known Sosha and I were present, even if he hadn't been facing us. "Is this the girl you wanted to talk to me about, Leia?" he asked. I was suddenly more comfortable; I had felt out of place in the private conversation. Sosha looked just as relieved as I was. Leia nodded. "Alena is Senator Soruna's new ward and is Force-sensitive. She is a prospective new student of yours." Luke looked at me in interest. "What can you do, Alena?" he inquired. I swallowed nervously; I hadn't been anticipating the question. "A…a few things," I stammered. "Once I locked a door without touching it and I…I made a coin rise into the air. I saw a ghost once, too." "A Force ghost?" Leia asked, raising her eyebrows. "I don't even think Ben has seen one." She turned to look at her son, who seemed annoyed at the fact. I could almost feel the jealousy radiating from him, and I stared down at my knees, disliking being the centre of attention. "Force ghosts only appear when they wish to be seen," Luke said gently. "It is not necessarily a sign of the strength of one's power." "Then who could it have been?" Sosha asked, frowning at me. "Were her parents Force-sensitive?" Luke queried. I bit down hard on my bottom lip, hating the scrutiny. I hated the way everyone was staring at me, I hated the way they were speaking as if I wasn't even present, and I hated the fact that a decision that would impact the rest of my life was being made without any input from me. I didn't even want these powers, whatever they were. I just wanted to go back to Naboo. "Her father was," answered Sosha. "Owen was a pilot in the Rebellion before he was killed during the Battle of Endor. Lando Calrissian knew him—I believe Wedge Antilles did too, but I cannot speak for how close they were." Luke paused and looked at me with even greater curiosity. "The name is familiar, but I cannot say I ever met him," he admitted. A crease formed between his eyebrows, and he appeared to be lost in thought. "Wasn't your uncle's name Owen, too?" Ben piped up, looking pleased with himself for remembering. "Owen Lars!" Luke chuckled, turning back to look at his nephew. "Yes, it was, but I highly doubt there is a connection," he said. "Not only was my Uncle Owen not Force-sensitive, he was killed four years before Endor." The words burst from my mouth before I could stop them. "If my father didn't have to be trained, why do I? I don't want this! I just want to go home." I shook off Sosha's comforting arm and bolted out of the room, hurtling back down the hallway. "Oh, dear!" Threepio exclaimed as I rushed past him to the entryway. Having nowhere to go but outside, and not wanting to return to the others now that I'd made a dramatic exit, I opened the door of the wardrobe and slipped inside, cocooning myself in a pile of robes. I wanted them to come after me, but I also wanted to be left entirely alone. However, it wasn't long before I heard the creak of the door and Ben stuck his head in. "Go away," I mumbled half-heartedly, drawing further into myself. "Why are you crying?" he asked, staring curiously at me. "I'm not," I insisted, furiously batting the tears away. "Yes you are," he said, and crawled in beside me, blocking out the light from the entryway. I blinked rapidly until my eyes adjusted to the dark and I could see the dim outline of his silhouette. "Haven't you ever heard of leaving someone alone when they don't want to be found? What do your friends do?" I snapped, knowing I was being rude but not caring. Ben was quiet for a moment, and then, "I don't have any friends." I was so surprised that I stopped crying. "What?" "We travel a lot," he said; I saw him shrug one shoulder. "I mostly stay with Mother or Threepio. She doesn't like to let me wander around." "Why not?" "She wants me to become a senator too," he explained; I wasn't sure if I was just imagining the bitterness in his voice. "But politics are boring." "What about your father?" I asked, sniffling. What little I could see of Ben's face darkened. "He wants me to be a pilot. But I can't fly anything." I tilted my head in consideration. "I'm sure you're not that bad." "Yes, I am. Last month he tried to teach me how to fly the Millennium Falcon—that's his ship. I almost crashed it and he didn't speak to me for a week." "Then what do you want to do?" This time his voice was certain and assured. "I want to become a Jedi like my grandfather." But at the simple word, the distraction vanished and I almost began to cry again. I pressed my forehead against my knees and closed my eyes, concentrating on taking deep breaths like Sosha had told me to practice on the way here. "Why are you so afraid?" Ben sounded genuinely curious. I waited until my breathing had evened out before saying, "Why didn't my mother tell me anything? Not even when she was dying. She knew all along that I was Force-sensitive." "Maybe she was scared that you were different," he suggested, and then added with a rush of fervor, "But you don't need to be scared. Uncle Luke will teach us how to become Jedi. We'll be the most powerful beings in the galaxy!" Powerful …the word was a strange one to me, as I'd never had power in any capacity. If I was trained, I could become like my father and help save the galaxy. I would be respected, admired, and I would never be laughed at again. But most of all, I might be able to find out who my parents really were. I would be able to find a place I belonged. "Fine," I sniffed, wiping my eyes. "I'll go." Chapter 4 : Praxeum "I don't like flying," I mumbled, drawing my feet up so that my forehead rested against my knees. The ship had long since landed on hard ground, but my head was still whirling and my stomach was back on Hosnian Prime. More than flying, I hated hyperspace. It reminded me of the time I had once fallen from a tree during a dare, and I would never forget the sickening lurch as I lost my balance and fell through empty air, the world turning upside down, and the moments after impact when I'd stared up at the clouds, gasping and winded. Traveling through hyperspace made me feel much the same way. Sosha put a hand on my shoulder, trying to coax me into looking up. "You'll get used to it in no time, Alena," she said soothingly. When I still didn't move, she added, "Ben is here." That caused me to raise my head; ignoring her triumphant expression, I clambered out of the starfighter with difficulty and hopped onto the ground, searching for him. At first glance, Yavin 4 seemed much like Naboo, lush and green—but it was humid here, the air heavier. We had landed in a small clearing enclosed by forest, and I could hear a roaring waterfall in the distance. As we'd descended, I had caught a glimpse of one of the temples, all crumbling brick and towering spires. The base of the Rebel Alliance during the war, Luke had transformed it into his Jedi Praxeum; Sosha told me that there were around fifty students here, all from different planets and of varying species, ranging in age from ten to twenty. An unfamiliar ship was already parked on the other side of the clearing—I guessed this was the Millennium Falcon, Han Solo's freighter—and the group of people gathered around it had all turned at Sosha's approach, waiting for us to disembark from our own ship. As I made my way over to them, I recognized Han himself, leaning against the ramp and looking rather out of place. Next to him was an enormous hairy creature I thought might be a Wookiee—was this Chewbacca, then?—and I recognized Threepio's voice fussing about something. Leia was dressed in her senator's robes again; her arms were crossed and she was staring up at Luke Skywalker himself, who was speaking in a low, urgent voice. He was standing beside a slim, dark-haired woman with striking features. Her hair was pulled into a messy braid and she carried something in her arms, though I couldn't tell what it was. Another droid was parked on Luke's other side, but it wasn't humanoid at all unlike Threepio, and was painted white and blue. Ben stood a ways away from the group, his hands stuffed in his pockets and kicking at a loose pebble. I hurried up to him while Sosha joined the others. "Is something wrong?" I asked as he scuffed the ground with his shoe. "Your mom looks upset." He nodded without looking up. "Jyn had a baby," he mumbled. "Uncle Luke didn't tell Mother about it." I glanced back at the dark-haired woman—Jyn—and the blanket-wrapped bundle in her arms. "Shouldn't you be happy, anyway?" I asked, puzzled. "You have a cousin now." Ben scoffed and finally glanced up at me. His hair was already beginning to stick to his forehead in the humidity, and he brushed it away impatiently. "I'm no good with babies," he said sullenly. "There's no way Jyn will even let me near her." "But why didn't they tell your mother? Aren't Master Skywalker and Senator Organa close? Sosha said they were twins…" I was beginning to wonder if anything she had told me was true. "They are," Ben agreed. "But Mother is always busy with politics and Uncle Luke never leaves the Praxeum anymore. They barely see each other. Besides, Jyn didn't even want to tell Mother they'd gotten married. She was afraid word would get out." I frowned. "Why?" He shrugged, glancing down at the rock again. It began to roll in circles seemingly of its own accord, though I knew better now. "Jedi aren't supposed to have attachments or get married. It's breaking the rules." "But Senator Organa said that he'd changed the rules." "Yeah, but a lot of people think he should have kept the old rules," said Ben. "That the Jedi shouldn't be allowed to rise again and that Uncle Luke has too much power." I was utterly confused; Sosha had never said anything about that. "But he saved the galaxy, didn't he? Along with your parents." The corner of Ben's mouth twisted up in a faint grimace. "That's what the stories say." Before I could question him any further, Sosha called out, "Alena! Ben! Stop whispering and come over here." Embarrassed, I hurried over to her, while Ben followed at a slower pace. I could tell by the look on Leia's face that he would be chastised later. "This is Luke Skywalker, his wife Jyn Erso, and their daughter Kira," Sosha told me, placing a firm hand on my shoulder as if to prevent me from running away. "Luke, you've already met my ward." "I can already tell that you are strong with the Force, Alena," Luke said kindly, stepping forward to shake my hand. I blushed, remembering my outburst at the Solos' apartment. "I am certain you will find it to your liking here." I glanced up at Sosha, seeking reassurance that I could leave after one season if I wished, but she had turned to converse with Jyn. The infant in the other woman's arms shifted and let out a small cry; it was easily subdued by a kiss from its mother. Ben, Leia and Han were standing together in hushed conversation, while the Wookiee had gone over to the droid and appeared to be communicating with it—if a series of beeps and growls counted as speech. Sosha had promised that I didn't have to stay at the academy, but I had a sinking feeling that no matter how much I protested, I was stuck here for good. The Millennium Falcon shuddered violently underneath us, jerking me out of the past. Gripping the edge of the holochess table, I stared wide-eyed at Luke and Rey, both of whom appeared unfazed. In fact, Rey even looked slightly upset that I had stopped talking. "What is it?" she asked as Artoo beeped in the corner. "Didn't you feel that?" I demanded as the ship abruptly dropped again. This time my vision flickered at the edges, and when I met Luke's knowing gaze an icy jolt of fear swept through me. It wasn't the Falcon at all. It was a Force vision, but I was fully conscious, and I could feel an insistent tugging at the edges of my mind. I hadn't had one so powerful since— Before I could even begin to gather my thoughts, to try to drive it out, I was thrown backward into darkness and my surroundings reformed into an enormous high-ceilinged, shadowy chamber. The only light poured in through a long, spidery crack running the length of the ceiling, illuminating a raised dais in the centre of the chamber. The air was cool and there was a faint hint of smoke in the air; it reminded me of autumn on Takodana—no, Alena , concentrate —and a phantom breeze ruffled my hair, sending shivers up my arms. I turned in a frantic circle, searching for my way out of the vision—usually there was something amiss, something that would bring me back to reality—but the outer edges of the room were so dim that I could barely make out the walls. " Concentrate." The hiss came from behind me—I whirled around, but there was nothing there. My heart pounded frantically against my ribs as I stumbled backward, trying to fight my way back to the Falcon, to Luke and Rey and Chewie and Artoo— It was all I could do not to gasp when I saw movement out of the corner of my eye, and my gaze landed on the dais some fifty feet away. There was a figure standing there now, a slim creature with long, spidery limbs and an elongated skull. Although it was humanoid, it wasn't human—at least seven feet tall, its head was bent and its hollow, sunken eyes were staring down at another figure writhing on the floor. I knew instinctively it had been the one who had spoken. The Muun weren't exactly renowned for their melodic voices. My feet were carrying me closer before I knew it, my hand clamped tightly over my mouth even though I knew it was a Force vision and my presence was invisible—because I sensed who the man on the ground was, could feel his agony. I could feel the echo of his pain in every cell of my body, like sharp blades digging into my skin. Our Force bond had never truly broken, not really—despite my best efforts—and there had been nights when I was unable to sleep, feeling flashes of emotion that were not my own—fear, anger, loneliness—that seemed to close the distance that separated us, even if only for a moment. I'd always shut myself off, hoping against hope he couldn't sense me any longer, for if he knew I was still alive— A sudden wave of pain surged through my entire being, white-hot and crippling. I fell to my knees, choking: the fire licked at my insides as if it was my own pain. Tears sprung to my eyes, and I blinked them away furiously, desperate to see Ben, my Ben, not Kylo Ren, for the first time in a decade. He had stopped writhing and now lay still on the ground, but I could see his chest rising and falling shallowly. His hands were clenched into fists—I had been unconsciously mirroring him—and he slowly raised his head, his face deathly pale. He was definitely older now, lines etching themselves across his forehead, a crease along his brow, but he was still Ben —still the same tall, leonine build, the angular face, the slightly curly dark hair, Leia's brown eyes—but now a long gash slashed his face in two, running diagonally from his temple to his jaw. It was still red, relatively recent, and had probably narrowly missed his eyes. Anger began to churn in my stomach as I pictured an enemy inflicting it upon him—but this path had been his choice. I should no longer feel compassion for Ben Solo. For Kylo Ren. "You have been weakened!" The horrible voice echoed again, reverberating throughout the chamber. "Master of the Knights of Ren, defeated by a scavenger girl. You possess the aptitude for greatness, Kylo Ren, but you lack the finesse to make it a reality. You nearly failed your first test; be sure to pass your second one, or I shall not be so forgiving." "Yes, Supreme Leader," Ren panted. The pain was beginning to fade from my extremities now, and I was able to study him greedily, unable to tear my eyes away from his form. I could no longer find the inner stillness I thought I'd mastered on Ahch-To, but I wasn't as bothered as I should have been by it. Rather, I couldn't concentrate on anything but the man kneeling on the floor, his robes askew and his face struggling to compose itself. I'd always known there was a chance I would see him again—would have to face him—but the years had weakened my resolve, and I supposed it was fortunate that this was only a vision, because if I had truly been in his presence I would have been unable to act. To see that Kylo Ren still greatly resembled Ben Solo was both a blessing and a curse: a blessing because I was still able to look upon him, and a curse because it meant that this monster had truly grown inside of the man I had once loved— still loved. I would always love Ben. I had promised him that much, at least. And then Supreme Leader Snoke raised his head and looked straight at me. I gasped aloud this time, and suddenly I was back in the Millennium Falcon, staring up into Luke's worried face. I had slumped over onto the floor, and he was bent over me, tension evident in his brow. Rey hovered over him, looking both curious and concerned; even Artoo had come over to make sure I was all right. "Alena?" Luke asked. His voice was calm and steady, but I could hear disquiet running just under the surface. Rarely did a Force vision affect me so strongly. "What did you see?" I swallowed hard and shakily pushed myself up into a sitting position. The hold was still spinning around me. "I—I think we need to get to the Resistance base," I said faintly. "As soon as possible." Chapter 5 : Lux Late summer was my favourite season on Naboo; the oppressive heat was beginning to give way to cooler nights and crisper air, and the entire planet blazed a rich, dark green that I had always associated with the change of seasons. The end of summer was always bittersweet, but there was something enticing about the promise of autumn. That didn't mean the midday sun was any more forgiving, though. I straightened up from the shuura plant and pushed sweaty strands of hair away from my forehead. I'd been out all morning collecting fruit for Sosha; the Senate meeting was in Theed this year and she had invited several representatives from Naboo's closest allies over for a meal afterward. I'd volunteered to gather food for her—unfortunately, she still wouldn't allow me to listen in on the conversation. Not that galactic politics interested me, anyway; I was far more concerned about hearing bits of gossip or scandal that the senators would no doubt let slip. The satchel I'd brought along was nearly full, so I decided to call it a day and hoisted it over my shoulder before setting off for home. The forest was quiet today; birds were still fluttering from tree to tree, but their songs were unusually muted. I wondered if they were as hot as I felt. I was nearing the end of my fifteenth year, and preparing to return to the Praxeum for another season. Luke gave the students ample opportunity to return home throughout the year—home for me now was Sosha's house in Theed, where she was kind enough to let me stay with her during breaks. I had only returned once to my birthplace in the Gallo Mountains, and found the village eerily empty, the plague having wiped out half of its population. I'd eventually given Sosha permission to sell my childhood home, but I wasn't even certain that anyone lived there now. I breathed a sigh of relief when the house finally came into view; while she could have lived anywhere she wished, instead of an estate or palace befitting for a former queen, Sosha had chosen an unassuming cottage on the outskirts of the city, cozy in winter and bright in summer. She was often away, anyway, traveling the galaxy or at the royal palace advising the current monarch. I hoped I would have enough time to change into new robes and slip back outside before the other senators began to arrive, I thought idly as I shoved the door open with my shoulder—and stopped short when I heard voices in the sitting-room. Hoping that nobody would notice my presence, I tiptoed as quietly as I could past the slightly ajar door, keeping my eyes on the staircase ahead— "Alena, is that you?" Sosha called, and the conversation ground to a halt. Cursing under my breath, I reluctantly turned around and pushed open the door to the sitting-room instead, not looking forward to the scrutiny I would doubtless receive from the other senators. But there were only three people in the room—Sosha, of course, and I recognized the other woman at once, though I hadn't seen her in years except in passing. Noticeably older now, with hair that held a tinge of grey and wrinkles visible at the corners of her eyes, Senator Leia Organa sat on the couch next to Sosha, looking solemn and almost worried. But I was more interested in the person occupying my favourite armchair by the fireplace—a boy my age, with a mop of dark hair and bright brown eyes. He was much taller than I remembered; lankier, with long legs that stretched out on the carpet below him and very pale skin. "Ben Solo?" I asked, though there was no need for me to even phrase it as a question. He raised his eyes to mine, and I was suddenly hyperaware of my dirtied robes, red face, fingers covered with shuura juice, and labored breathing. His gaze flickered over me from head to toe, and I thought I saw a spark of curiosity in his eyes that reminded me of the boy I had first met. He straightened up in the chair and gave a tiny smirk. "Alena," he replied; his voice hovered somewhere between the higher-pitched tones of a child and the low rumble of a teenager. The dichotomy was strange for reasons I couldn't quite understand. "You still don't have a last name?" I gritted my teeth and stared him down, refusing to look away first. "No, I don't," I said, keeping my voice as polite as possible and dropping the satchel full of fruit to the floor with a loud thump. "I'm surprised you remember that." "I'm surprised you thought I would forget a girl without a last name," he replied smoothly, and untangled his limbs from the armchair. I had always been tall, but Ben was at least a head taller than me. There was something almost awkward about the way he carried himself, as if he had grown a lot in a short amount of time and still wasn't used to his height. I guessed he was even taller than Han. Seeing as how Leia was barely five feet tall, I assumed he must have gotten those particular genes from someone else in the family. "Alena, why don't you show Ben around Theed?" Sosha suggested. Leia shot him a pointed look that he pretended to ignore—I guessed she was silently ordering him to cooperate. "The rest of the senators should be arriving soon." Still sweating, and annoyed that I wouldn't be able to change out of my mud-encrusted robes, I nodded tensely and left the room without another word, not at all looking forward to going back outside. "You'd make a terrible Jedi." I stopped in my tracks and slowly turned around to face Ben, who had followed me into the hallway. "Really," I said tonelessly, raising my eyebrows. "And I suppose you'd be far superior?" Something like a grin passed over his face—just a slight upward turn of the lips. "You must have been absent during the lessons on meditation." Instead of firing back a retort, I took a moment to study him, to sense his aura like Luke had taught us. I gathered up the Force I could feel swirling around him—it was always strongest around those who were also attuned to it—but Ben's aura seemed strangely alive, pulsing and steady. I could feel the flickering energy coiled up inside him, and my own relatively untrained senses stumbled as it came up against another bright glow—and then I met resistance, preventing me from exploring him any further. The tingling in my fingers was so strong I had to take a step back, feeling slightly dizzy. Luke had never mentioned this. "You'll have to try harder, Alena," Ben told me, and now there was real amusement in his eyes. "Or at least not be so obvious." "I guess when your uncle is the last Jedi, you learn a few things the rest of us don't," I said pointedly, and braced myself in case he tried the same mind trick on me—but he faltered as we stepped outside again, where the bright sun was fast being overtaken by grey, forbidding clouds. I shielded my eyes with my hand and looked quizzically back at him. "Ben?" I asked, for he seemed suddenly upset, the smile disappearing from his face as quickly as it came. "Nothing," he said, and brushed past me, moving down the steps to the small patch of grass that was Sosha's front yard. Maybe insinuating that he got special treatment was a sore spot for him, I thought with some chagrin. There had been rumours that Luke favoured him, but Master Skywalker didn't seem like he would do anything of the sort—then again, I remembered a conversation they'd had during our very first meeting, during the holocall on Hosnian Prime. Luke had asked Ben if he had been practicing what he'd taught him. Maybe there was some truth to the rumours after all. Ben and I hadn't had much contact at the academy, much less had any time to cultivate a friendship—to the disappointment of my ten-year-old-self. The younger boys and girls were kept almost completely separate, and the grounds were large enough that it was rare to run into anyone else even if you were looking for them. During common assemblies and mealtimes, I stayed with my peers while Ben stayed with his—though from what I'd seen, he tended to be a loner more than anything. Still, I'd never quite forgotten the boy I'd met on Hosnian Prime who had crawled into the wardrobe to comfort me, and I was secretly pleased that he hadn't forgotten me, either. Now it was his turn to raise an eyebrow at me when I went silent. "I didn't do anything to you, if that's what you're wondering." I immediately snapped to attention, hurrying over to him. Gods, it was unfair how tall he was—I was used to being the tallest one in the room. "Sorry, I got distracted," I apologized. "Is that all? You looked like a tauntaun staring at a wampa." The kriffing bastard even had the nerve to look smug, as if he was impressed by his own remark. Before I could counter with a rather nasty blow about his height compared to a Muun, Ben nodded to the window. "They're wondering why we haven't left yet," he said, and I saw he was right: the curtain was fluttering, as if someone (I knew it had been Sosha) had hastily pulled it aside. Stuffing my hands in the pockets of my robes, I turned back to Ben. "Did you want to go to the shops, then?" I asked dubiously, glancing up at the sky and hoping the rain would hold off. He shrugged. "Not particularly." I tried not to sound exasperated. "Then what do you want to do?" "I thought you were supposed to be the guide." Now he was just being difficult. Deciding not to give him the reaction he wanted, I began to walk in the direction of Theed, hoping that was the end of it. Maybe if I was lucky, I'd get a chance to push him over the waterfall. We walked in silence for a while; I expected Ben to ask where we were going, but he was quiet, observing the area with muted interest. I suddenly felt as if I should speak, and said lamely, "If you're looking for a tour, the most I can say to you is there's grass over there, and a forest that way, and a pond just behind the trees." I pointed at each of the places in turn as if he would actually care. The dry amusement was back in his eyes again. "Fascinating," he remarked. "Surely sights that cannot be experienced on any other planet." "Not all of us have the privilege to travel the galaxy at will," I muttered. His shoulders stiffened, but I didn't care. "How many planets have you been on? A million?" "There aren't even a million planets in the galaxy!" Ben protested despite himself. "Okay, okay, I'm sorry for insulting Naboo—" "Three," I said smugly. He blinked. "What?" "That's how many planets I've been on. Naboo, Yavin 4, and Hosnian Prime." I held up each finger in turn, relishing the look of surprise on his face. "And I know Yavin 4 isn't even technically a planet. Sosha never lets me accompany her anywhere. The only time I ever get to hear anything interesting is—wait!" I halted in the middle of the road as a sudden idea struck me. "You talk too much," Ben decided, but he had relaxed and there was even something like a grin on his face. "If you really don't care where we go, let's go back to the house and see if we can listen to the meeting. There's a tree in the back I've always wanted to climb. They'll never notice us there," I announced, pleased with this plan. It was a wonder I hadn't thought of it before. But Ben wrinkled his nose. "I don't care for politics." "What's so bad about politics?" I asked. "Besides your mother wanting you to follow in her footsteps." "Nothing ever gets accomplished. It's just a lot of talking." His voice was like Leia's—smooth and assured, with a natural authority behind it. Shame, I thought. He would make a good senator. "Without politics, there would be no galaxy as we know it," I shot back, remembering something Sosha had once said. He rolled his eyes. "You sound like Senator Soruna." "Thank you," I said proudly. "It wasn't a compliment." I lifted my gaze to the heavens, praying the gods would hear my plea for divine intervention. "I could leave you here, you know, and you'd have to find your own way back." Ben glanced behind us, down the road we hadn't left for the past twenty minutes. "I'm sure I'd manage." Trying one last attempt at persuasion, I asked, "Don't you want to know what they're talking about?" "No," he said flatly. "Well, I do," I stubbornly replied, and turning on my heel, began to make my way back to the house. I heard Ben mutter a curse under his breath, presumably one he'd learned from Han, and I sensed him following me. The senators were just beginning to arrive by the time we reached the house; I ducked into the tall grass that surrounded the property, weaving through the trodden paths until I spotted the massive Zaela tree that towered over the side of Sosha's house, casting a shadow across the roof. I waited for Ben to catch up, pushing aside the grass and making no effort to hide his disdain, before I crept over to the tree and climbed onto the first branch, concealing myself in the tangle of leaves. "Hasn't anyone told you it's rude to eavesdrop?" Ben asked mildly, peering up at me with an expression somewhere between bemusement and exasperation. "Then again, you did just try to read my mind." "Shut up and get over here," I instructed, pulling myself up even higher so that I could see through the window. I was in luck—they were sitting around the dining-room table, and Sosha's back was to me. None of the other senators would think to look outside at the tree. The leaves rustled, and Ben's dark head popped up on the branch next to mine. Clearly he was enjoying this escapade more than he let on. "They're all Populists," he muttered, naming the political party in the New Republic Senate that valued the liberty of individual planets. Their unofficial opponents, the Centrists, favoured a stronger centralized government and a more powerful military. "You say that like it's a bad thing," I protested. Sosha was a staunch Populist, and I assumed Leia was, too. Ben's only response was a quiet exhale that sounded almost like laughter. I ignored him and leaned forward as far as I could, teetering precariously on the edge of the branch. If I strained my ears, I could just hear what they were saying. "…must take action against the growing threat." This was Leia, her voice sounding serious and almost concerned. I looked over at Ben to see what he thought, but he didn't react. "Senator Organa, there are worlds neglected even today that require our attention far more than this hypothetical danger you speak of." The man who spoke next was unfamiliar to me, though I could see he had red hair and a pinched face. To my surprise, a younger man stood behind his chair—a boy, really, who couldn't have been more than a few years older than me, still a teenager. Judging by their nearly identical appearances, I guessed that he was the red-haired man's son, and felt a spark of irrational jealousy: why was he allowed to stay inside when I wasn't? None of the other senators had brought along family members. I saw Leia's back straighten as she replied, "With all due respect, Commandant Hux, the only hypothetical in this situation is your resolve to help the planets that the New Republic has admittedly and shamefully overlooked." Hux's reply was cold. "Forgive me, Princess, but Populists like yourself cannot be expected to—" "Of course the Centrists are free of blame," Sosha interjected. "In fact, I wager most of you would welcome such an occurrence." " He doesn't sound like a Populist," I whispered. "Commandant Hux, Senators Organa and Soruna, I do believe such a discussion is more suitable for the Senate chamber, wouldn't you agree?" This was Mon Mothma, the New Republic's chancellor and likely the only person whom both the Populists and Centrists respected. Although she was getting on in years, her command was enough to quiet the entire table. Everyone, it seemed, except for Hux. "This is certainly interesting coming from you, Senator Soruna—if memory serves me correctly, you were keen to downplay Emperor Palpatine's connection to Naboo rather than using his example as a deterrent to the youth of today." I bristled. How dare this Commandant Hux insult Sosha when she had devoted her entire life to politics, giving up the chance to do as she pleased? She could never marry or settle down, not without being forced to choose between her career or her family. "The boy's noticed us," Ben muttered. Before I could remind him that "the boy" looked older than him, the branch I was perched on suddenly snapped with the sudden shift in weight and my feet could only find empty air. I let out a surprised yelp as I tumbled to the ground, head over heels, and suddenly I was seven years old again and falling from a tree, the cries of the other children loud in my ears as the sky spun around me— But this time there was no jarring impact and no pain. My descent halted just before I hit the ground, and I scrambled to move into a standing position, my feet firmly on grass again. I stared at Ben in disbelief as he leapt easily down onto the ground in front of me, a self-satisfied smirk on his face. I realized, belatedly, that he had used the Force to stop my fall. Before I could thank him, I felt a drop of water on my face, and then another. Glancing up at the sky, my eyes widened as I saw that the dark grey clouds from earlier had almost completely blocked out the sun—black, billowing things that looked as if they were about to unleash the heavens upon us at any moment. Knowing full well how quickly the weather changed on this planet, I hurriedly gestured to the woods in front of us as a low rumble of thunder rolled across the fields. "This way!" I shouted, and immediately dashed for the trees, hoping the red-haired boy hadn't gotten a proper glimpse of us and convinced himself it was just his imagination. The rain was falling thicker and faster now—my divine intervention had finally arrived, but far too late. My boots squelched against the muddying field as I ran, not looking back to see if Ben was following. I would ponder over what Leia had meant by "the growing threat" later; now I was just interested in getting out of the rain. Unfortunately, the woods weren't the shelter I had hoped for—water turned the narrow path into a stream of mud and dead leaves, filtering through from the spaces between the trees. Nonetheless, I didn't stop running until I was sure that we were under thick enough shade. "Thank you for saving my life, Ben," I said fervently once we had slowed down, avoiding the knee-deep puddles and rivulets of mud. "I wouldn't exactly call it 'saving your life'. At most you would have gotten a few broken bones." But I could tell he was secretly pleased by the compliment. "And embarrassment if the others had seen," I added, just as a high-pitched keening pierced the air. Ben and I looked at each other, frowning. His hair was plastered to his forehead, water dripping into his eyes. "Sounds like an animal," he said. I took off in the direction of the noise, not turning back to see if he was following or not. The cry had grown more frantic, and I hoped I would locate its source before a narglatch did. Lightning split the sky above me with a blinding flash, and I was able to see movement darting across the trail in front of me just before I tripped over it. A tiny squeak emanated from the side of the path, and I skidded to a halt as my eyes landed on a small, round creature with a dark red, fluffy coat. Bright eyes stared imploringly up at me as eight spidery legs collapsed onto the ground with a soft plop. "It's a Voorpak!" I exclaimed, carefully kneeling down in front of it. The little puffy animals were popular as pets, although it was rare to see one in the wild during the day—they were usually adept at hiding themselves. But this one, I could tell, was injured: one of its legs was twisted at an awkward angle, scraping up a cloud of dirt as it attempted to drag itself across the ground. A predator would be able to track it down in no time. "It's the same colour as your hair," Ben remarked from above me, sounding amused. He was right—its coppery fur was similar to my own auburn hair. He'd noticed that before I had. Feeling strangely self-conscious, I tried to focus on the matter at hand. "It must have gotten separated from its pack somehow. We have to help it." Biting my lip, I glanced pleadingly up at him. "We can try the Force healing Master Skywalker taught us." To my mild surprise, instead of making a flippant remark, Ben knelt down beside me and reached out to the creature, his fingers brushing its fur. The Voorpak was either too scared or too exhausted to move; it stayed still, trembling, as Ben closed his eyes. I sensed his familiar energy crackling around me, and the Force seemed almost tangible. But it was weaker than it had been earlier when it was directed at me. Ben and I appeared to come to the same conclusion simultaneously; his eyes snapped open and he drew back from the animal as I said aloud, "Helping me earlier when I fell probably drained your energy." "I should be able to do more," he muttered, looking frustrated. I was suddenly reminded of our very first meeting, in the senatorial complex on Hosnian Prime, and he had been unable to levitate a coin in his palm. I'd helped him then, too. My fingers slightly shaking, I reached out and placed my own hand on the Voorpak, gently stroking its soft fur. Gathering up the Force, I waited until my hands were tingling and I could feel it pulsing inside my veins before directing it into the injured animal. For a brief moment, we were connected, and I could feel its—no, his —terror and pain. He might be unable to express emotions like sentient beings could, but his fear was no less potent. And then the connection abruptly broke and I was no longer privy to the Voorpak's mind, but his broken leg was now whole and healthy. I sat back on my heels and sighed in relief, taking a moment to recover. Even such a simple process did take a lot out of you; Luke often told us that we would grow stronger as we grew older, able to harness the Force more often and for longer periods of time. For now, though, this was enough. "That was pretty good," Ben grudgingly remarked as the creature pushed itself up onto all of its legs. "Shame Uncle Luke didn't see it." "You'll tell him, though, right?" I asked, flashing him a wide grin. "Yeah," he admitted, with a reluctant smirk in return. I patted the Voorpak once more before dusting off my robes and standing up. He was now running in circles around the path, squeaking happily. Ben straightened up as well and we took another moment to watch the delighted animal before turning away. The sound of the rain on the leaves above us had ceased, and there were glimpses of blue sky through the breaks in the clouds. Summer storms on Naboo were frequent but short-lived. But we hadn't taken more than one step when the distraught cries started up behind us again. I whirled around, worried that I hadn't been successful, but the creature now seemed physically fine, aside from its wide eyes and loud squealing. "Does he want us to stay?" I asked, confused. "Go back to your colony," Ben ordered, but the Voorpak didn't move, its distressed hums only growing louder when Ben turned away. "I think he likes you," I said, stifling a laugh. "Fine, then," Ben sighed, resigned, and held out a hand. "Come on." As if it somehow understood him, the Voorpak took a flying leap into Ben's hand, scurrying up his arm to his shoulder and hopped onto his head before burrowing happily into his hair—probably thinking it would make an ideal nest. The glare he shot me as I struggled not to giggle was worth getting caught in the storm. "You're making a new fashion statement," I teased him as we began the walk back to Sosha's house. "All the ladies of Naboo will scramble to follow in your footsteps." "You're taking this thing as soon as we get out of here," Ben warned, swiping one of its legs out of his eyes. "It's not funny, Alena." "I beg to differ," I replied, and, taking pity on him, decided to ask, "What should we name him?" Ben shrugged; he seemed more concerned with untangling the Voorpak from his hair than anything else. "How about Lux?" I suggested. "It means light." "I know what it means," Ben growled, gritting his teeth in concentration. "And I don't care what it's called as long as you get it off me." "Lux it is, then," I said happily, making no move to help him. When we emerged from the forest, I made sure to give the house a wide berth before doubling back onto the main road so it would look like we were coming from Theed. Several of the senators greeted us as we passed by; the meal must have already ended. Sure enough, Sosha was standing at the door bidding goodbye to the guests, with Leia next to her presumably waiting for Ben. The princess's eyes landed on us first, and I saw her weary smile broaden when she caught sight of the Voorpak on her son's head. Noticing this, Ben's struggles to remove the animal doubled in intensity until he finally managed to pull Lux off completely and shoved him into my arms. While he ran his hands impatiently through his messy hair, Lux snuggled into my robes, apparently not caring where he was as long as it was warm and comfortable. "Did you get much sightseeing done with that storm?" Sosha asked as I pushed aside the gate leading into the front yard. "Um, yeah, it didn't last very long," I lied, inadvertently meeting Leia's eyes. The older woman had a strange glint in her eyes that made me think she'd known exactly what Ben and I had done. There was an energy surrounding Leia that wasn't present in Sosha or any of the other senators. Even if she hadn't been Force-sensitive, she would still have been something to reckon with. It was a wonder Ben got away with anything at all. "Alena, don't tell me you got that Voorpak from the market," Sosha sighed when she spotted Lux. "They're always overpriced and often carry diseases." "All the more reason to rescue them, then," I pointed out, mentally filing away a note in the back of my mind to pay the street vendors a visit someday. "But no, we found him on the way back here." "Why not bring it to the Praxeum?" Leia suggested. "The younger students would be thrilled to have a pet, and I'm sure Luke and Jyn would be grateful for the opportunity to show Kira a new animal." She turned to Ben. "Are you ready to leave? Your father is hosting a piloting championship on Theron and the comm lines will only be up for another hour." "Yeah," Ben muttered, staring down at his feet. I could tell he was angry and disappointed even without using the Force, so strong were his emotions. I wondered if this would be his last goodbye to Han before returning to the Praxeum. While Leia and Sosha exchanged warm goodbyes, I took a step closer to Ben and quietly asked, "You're not going to tell your mother anything, are you?" He gave a tiny shake of his head and glanced over at me, the corner of his mouth quirking up. "You're not a bad guide after all," he said, and I felt strangely gratified. As Leia passed me, I felt the brief pressure of her hand on my shoulder, as if in thanks, and I turned around to watch her and Ben leave. I had the strange feeling that the simple touch had been a conversation unto itself—something I'd previously only associated with Luke. He, too, could speak volumes without saying a single word. "Alena!" Sosha called, and I reluctantly tore my eyes off Ben and Leia to see two more people standing beside her. My eyes widened as I recognized the red-haired man and his nearly identical younger counterpart. "I'd like you to meet Commandant Brendol Hux of Arkanis and his son, Armitage." I quickly moved Lux to my shoulder so I could shake hands with them; the commandant's grip was firm and self-assured, whereas the boy's was noticeably weaker; even so, he appeared to be trying to copy his father. "Is this the girl, then?" the elder Hux asked briskly, staring down his nose at me. "Good afternoon, sir," I said as politely as I could, though it was difficult to do so when I felt as if every inch of my appearance was being scrutinized. Armitage's lip curled. "What is that?" he asked, his eyes on Lux's sleeping form. "A Voorpak," I explained, hoping he hadn't mentioned seeing Ben and I at the window. "He got caught in the storm." "Charming," Brendol said disinterestedly, turning to Sosha. "Senator Soruna, you said that she attends Skywalker's school?" "The Jedi Praxeum, yes." Sosha looked harried—unusual for her. Hux must be putting her on edge. Brendol seemed extremely displeased by this. "She must have gotten… that from her father," he muttered. "Excuse me, Commandant Hux, but why are you here?" I asked before I could stop myself, earning a pointed look from Sosha. Brendol's reply was curt and unemotional. "I am Gaea's elder brother." My entire mind went blank. "W—what?" "She was my junior by four years," Brendol explained. "Our father greatly prized sons at his training facility for the Grand Army of the Republic, and as such had little use for a daughter. He brought her to the royal palace here on Naboo, imagining they might have need for servants." "So he just…left her there?" I tried not to sound as horrified as I felt. The commandant's eyebrows raised slightly, as if he hadn't anticipated my reaction. "It is still a common custom even today, and kinder than the alternative, wouldn't you agree? She clearly did not suffer the worse for it." I looked over at Sosha, open-mouthed. She drew herself up to her full height and addressed Brendol with the authority only royalty could muster. "I am sure Gaea would have words on the matter should she be here today." "Indeed," Brendol said brusquely. "When I learned that the Senate meeting was to be held on Naboo, I considered it my duty to inquire what had happened to my lost sibling. Unfortunately, the archives did convey the news of her untimely death, but I did learn she had a daughter in the care of Senator Soruna. I imagined now was the best time to…become acquainted." I forced myself to smile through the shock. "Thank you for doing so," I told him. "I've always wanted to know about my mother's family." "And I must confess I have always been curious about what happened to her," Brendol remarked. "It is certainly a shame that she is no longer with us, but I am glad to see her daughter is in the care of such a... respected figure." "It was a pleasure to speak with you during the meal, Commandant," Sosha said courteously, although she looked as if it had been anything but. Brendol inclined his head to her. "Thank you for your time, Senator," he said before turning to me and smiling thinly. "Perhaps we shall meet in future, Alena." I could do nothing but mutely watch my newfound uncle and cousin walk away. Armitage glanced back at me once, and I thought I saw something like curiosity in his eyes, but with a sharp word from Brendol he turned away again. The Voorpak sitting on my shoulder hissed, and I realized just how unfortunate Lux's name now was. "You seem to get along well with Ben Solo," Sosha remarked that night as we sat in the living-room eating leftover shuura fruit. The window was thrown open, and a cool breeze blew inside, ruffling our hair. "Leia said she hasn't seen him so animated in years." I paused from where I had been running my hand through Lux's thick fur; he gave an annoyed squeak and nipped at my fingers until I continued. I knew Sosha was trying to distract me, and though I was sure it wouldn't work, I was grateful for the attempt. "I think we argued more than we got along, actually," I admitted. "He's not the most agreeable person." "Neither are you," Sosha admitted, and gave a slight smile. "But I am very proud of what you have grown to become, Alena. You will make a fine Jedi someday." Reddening at the compliment, I glanced down at the purring Voorpak on my lap, its legs splayed across my knee, and said hesitantly, "I'm glad I stayed at the academy." "I knew you would be happy there," Sosha replied. "If only Owen had the same opportunity…" I shifted uncomfortably at the mention of my father and quickly asked, "Do you know why Leia didn't become a Jedi? Surely she was given the opportunity." Sosha didn't even blink at my swift change of topic. "She was, but she wished to channel her talents into politics instead, believing she would be more useful in aiding the New Republic. Luke has always been the Jedi. I don't think she and Han quite knew what to do with themselves when Ben came along." "What do you mean?" I said, not even bothering to hide my curiosity. It was a stroke of luck that Sosha appeared to have had one too many glasses of Corellian ale during the meeting, as she was more forthcoming than usual tonight. "Gaea and I were with her when she learned that she was carrying a child. She was visiting Naboo on a diplomatic mission during my last term as queen and Gaea, who was farther along in her own pregnancy with you, suggested that she might be expecting. Leia was shocked, of course—it wasn't even a year after Endor, and she was still so young, especially with Han being a decade older than her. Not that she was dismayed by the news; in fact, she was delighted. But Ben, of course, inherited her Force-sensitivity, and I don't think either her or Han were equipped to handle such a child with their own occupations." I thought of Ben's dislike for politics and his disinterest in becoming a pilot like his father; no wonder there had been conflict. "So they sent him to Luke's academy," I finished. Sosha nodded. "Not until he was ten, however. I believe he traveled with Leia often as a child, accompanying her to her duties. But she did express her regret that she was so busy she didn't get to spend as much time with him as she wanted to. Such a situation is why I did not wish for you to live with me when you were younger. Still, I think some part of her always hoped that Ben would follow in her footsteps." I frowned. "What about Han?" "Ah, Han," Sosha sighed, and leaned back in her chair. I prayed she wouldn't realize just how much she was telling me. "He is a good man, but he and Leia have a volatile relationship at best. He's one of those pilots who cannot bear to stay on the same planet for more than a handful of months. Such an arrangement worked fine for them, but it is perhaps not so conducive an environment to raise a child in. Leia told me he was absent for a great deal of Ben's childhood. I don't think he quite knew how to identify with a Force-sensitive boy who had no interest at all in flying." From the brief interactions I'd seen between Han and Leia, I had no trouble at all believing Sosha's words. I felt a spark of sympathy for Ben. "At least he had Luke to teach him about the Force," I mused. "Luke has his own problems." Sosha laced her fingers together, her eyes fixed on the empty fireplace next to my armchair. "There is still a lot of mistrust toward the Jedi, as I'm sure you are aware. Their downfall was what led directly to the Galactic Civil War, and many opposed the idea of Luke's Praxeum, as they didn't want to put such great power into the hands of so few. The academy has only a fraction of the students as did the temple in Coruscant during its heyday, and most of those are humans. Not to mention the fact that Luke has directly defied the old Jedi Order by marrying and having a child. Sometimes I wonder if the galaxy has forgotten that the Jedi were instrumental in assisting the Rebellion." Although I had seen with my own eyes the truth of her words—that training to become a Jedi did not hold the same weight it once did—I listened to her as if transfixed. "They're not seen as heroes anymore." Sosha slowly shook her head. "But nothing will arise out of the distrust, I am sure. Not when Luke and Leia's parents were so beloved by the galaxy." Seeing my quizzical look, she explained, "Their mother, Padmé Amidala, was queen of Naboo as a girl." "She was the one who allowed my parents to grow up in the royal palace," I said, immediately recognizing the name. "Yes," Sosha replied. "She was one of Naboo's very greatest monarchs. I only wish I had the opportunity to meet her myself. And their father, Anakin Skywalker, was by all accounts one of the very best Jedi Knights during the end of the Galactic Republic." "I thought marriages were forbidden in the old Jedi Order," I said, confused. "They were," Sosha agreed. "But the rules were broken more often than you might think. Anakin was killed during the Jedi Purge, and Padmé died just days later in childbirth. She is buried here in Naboo—word has it that the true cause of her death was a broken heart. Leia was taken to the Royal House of Alderaan, and Luke to their father's home planet of Tatooine." "Ben did once say he wanted to become a Jedi like his grandfather," I remembered. "That boy has a lot to live up to," Sosha mused. "In one way, Alena, you are lucky that you have not inherited such a legacy." But I had, hadn't I? While my parents and grandparents hadn't been known across the galaxy, their lives had still been impressive. My mother, a handmaiden, trained in self-defense, marksmanship and diplomacy. My father, an expert pilot and a member of the Rebel Alliance. By training to become a Jedi, I hoped to use my inherited talents for good, to make them proud of me if they had known the choices I had made. No, I thought, I understood Ben Solo more than she knew. Chapter 6 : Runaway I hadn't even been at the Praxeum for an hour and Lux had already disappeared. Gods, I hadn't even been in my quarters for half that time and I'd already lost him. That had to be a new record; I blamed it on the airsickness. I stood in the middle of the bedroom, palm pressed to my forehead in frustration and slowly spinning in a circle, looking for any hiding-place that a Voorpak might fancy. Lux had been sleeping soundly on my shoulder during the journey to Yavin 4; as soon as I'd entered the temple and put down my belongings, he had disappeared. The doors to the balcony were still closed, thankfully, and I doubted even Lux could fit himself under the storage chest or wardrobe. That only left the refresher, which I'd already checked, or— A faint scuffling under the bed confirmed my suspicions, and I immediately got down onto my hands and knees, impatiently tucking the padawan braid behind my ear as it dangled in front of my face. It figured that Lux had hidden in the one spot I couldn't easily retrieve him unless I used the Force. But it couldn't hurt to try some more orthodox methods first. "Lux, come here," I ordered, peering into the dark abyss under the bed. Sure enough, it wasn't long before I saw a pair of eyes staring back at me, just out of arm's reach. I made a chirping noise with my tongue, but the Voorpak didn't budge. "Don't make me admit that Ben was right about you," I warned. Lux just continued to stare balefully at me. I wondered if he was angry that I'd taken him along. It's okay, buddy, I hate flying too, I thought, but continued to glare at him in hopes he would somehow be dragged out through sheer willpower. Or the Force. Whichever worked. But the little creature was more stubborn than he looked, and we glared at each other for another long moment before I decided it was time to revert to more drastic measures. Gritting my teeth, I reached under the bed as far as I could until my fingers grabbed a fistful of fur. Lux chirped angrily as I dragged him out, his legs scrabbling around in all directions. I couldn't help myself from cheering in triumph as I stood up. The door burst open and I had just enough time to stuff the disgruntled Voorpak into my robes before my roommate saw what I'd been doing. "Hey, Sadi!" I exclaimed, smiling widely at her arrival. "I was wondering when you'd get here." The Togruta narrowed her eyes suspiciously at me as she crossed the quarters to the bed opposite mine. "Actually, I'm early." "Oh. Never mind," I said quickly, hoping to cover up my mistake. "I guess the chronometer was wrong." Sadi Temu and I had been roommates and best friends since we'd started at the Praxeum. Being the only Togruta at the academy, I'd tried my hardest to make her feel welcome, knowing how difficult it was to be a scalefish out of water. Despite being guarded at first, Sadi had eventually warmed up to me, and now the two of us were inseparable. Unfortunately, being so close as well as Force-sensitive made it a lot harder to lie. Like now. Sadi sat down on her bed and crossed her arms, her lekku twitching as she stared at the bulge in my pocket. "That's an odd chronometer," she said, raising an eyebrow, and glancing down I noticed Lux's head poking out. Sighing in defeat, I plucked him out. "I found him on Naboo yesterday," I admitted. "He was injured and it was the middle of a storm. I couldn't just leave him there." "And Senator Soruna let you keep him?" Sadi asked, her blue eyes sparkling in amusement. She knew Sosha well, having once spent a holiday on Naboo with me. "Sort of. She said I could keep him as long as I brought him here. I don't think he liked the trip," I admitted, holding Lux up to eye level. He hissed at me. Sadi laughed aloud. "Well, the senator isn't known for her smooth flying. Have you shown it to Master Skywalker?" I shook my head. "I haven't seen Luke yet. I think he's still outside waiting for the rest of the students to arrive." "Well, I'm sure his daughter will appreciate it." Sadi stood up and walked over to me, gently patting Lux on the head. He purred and snuggled closer to her, enjoying attention from anyone who wasn't me. "Traitor," I muttered. Sadi playfully shoved me to the side. "He is adorable. By the way, Marg's here. She wants us to meet her in her quarters." Margune Vicly was a Loneran and the third member of our group. She'd only begun at the academy the previous year, but had made fast friends with us. Since her mother, Varish Vicly, was a senator in the New Republic alongside Leia Organa, Marg received special privileges such as her own private quarters, which her mother had apparently insisted on. Luke, probably not wanting to argue with one of his sister's closest allies, had acquiesced. I handed Lux over to Sadi as we left our quarters and went next door to Marg's. She was relaxing on the balcony, the humid air from outside pouring into her rooms. The distant rumble of arriving and departing starships could be heard as well as shouts and laughter from the students. The cries of birds from the thick jungle surrounding the temple nearly drowned out their words. One of four moons orbiting the gas giant Yavin, this small moon was almost completely covered in tropical jungles. The ancient temples of the extinct warrior tribe called the Massassi, who had eventually been enslaved by the Sith, had served as one of the Rebel Alliance bases during the Galactic Civil War and was now home to the Jedi Praxeum. There was also a sparsely populated human colony not far from the academy, mainly housing the families of old Rebellion members who had fallen in love with the planet. Though it had no mountains and was much warmer and more stifling than Naboo, I adored Yavin 4 all the same. "Darlings!" Marg exclaimed when we entered. She leapt off her chair and hurried over to us, embracing us both in her silky, golden fur. While some Lonerans chose to move on all fours, Marg preferred to walk upright. "How were your breaks?" While Sadi told her about the weeks she'd spent on Shili with her tribe, I hesitated, unsure if I even wanted to tell my very best friends the truth about my mother's family. Who was I now? Instead of being simply Alena, defined only by my first name as I had been for my entire life, should I begin introducing myself as Alena Hux? The word was a harsh syllable on my lips, and my mind instinctively shied away from it. But it wasn't just the unpleasant-sounding name that bothered me: it was Brendol's cold manner, his detached expression when he'd been talking about my mother—his sister—and the haughtiness in his voice when he'd challenged Sosha during the meeting. It was the way Armitage had looked at me when he realized I was his cousin, the way he'd tried to mimic his father. If Brendol's story was true—and part of me was sure that it was—my own grandparents had abandoned their daughter because they had wanted another son instead. Despite my physical resemblance to them, they felt like less like family than Sosha did. No, I decided firmly, I did not want to bear the name Hux publicly, and I was certain Brendol would be relieved by this; the disdain on his face when he'd spoken of the Jedi was evident. "Alena? Are you having a vision? You look like you're in a trance!" Marg exclaimed, waving her paw in front of my face. I jerked out of my thoughts, blinking curiously at her. "I asked how you were doing. Is everything still the same on Naboo?" "Yeah, everything's fine," I said nonchalantly, trying to cover up my lapse in concentration. Sometimes being Force-sensitive felt more like a curse than a gift. "What about you?" Marg's eyes lit up, and I noted with relief that she had been waiting for this question. She had something to say, and her mind was already focused on the next topic. Luke constantly chided her for not being mindful enough, though her physical endurance was unmatched. "I'm not supposed to be telling you this, but there's no way I can keep it a secret," she said eagerly. "So I spent the break on Hosnian Prime with Mother. Apparently the Populists are worried that there is some sort of outside threat planning to attack and overthrow the New Republic, and the Centrists refuse to believe them." My breath caught in my throat. Sosha. Leia had mentioned "a growing threat" during the meeting, and Brendol, a Centrist, had scoffed at her. Of course I wasn't privy to the inner workings of the Senate, but Sosha had admittedly seemed more on edge during my most recent visit than she usually was. I suddenly remembered words she had said to me when I was ten years old: "The Galactic Empire has fallen, yes, but I fear that what will inevitably rise from its ashes will be something far worse." But that was impossible. The New Republic had been established for fifteen years. Surely nothing was powerful enough to bring it crumbling down, not when it was just beginning to stand on its own two feet. And the Empire sympathizers had all fled to the Unknown Regions to lick their wounds. Maybe they would try to attack someday, but surely it wouldn't amount to anything. Wouldn't it? Sadi's eyes were hard as she considered Marg's words. "That's why we're training to become Jedi." I nodded firmly to hide my disquiet. "Exactly. The galaxy is a big place. Do they have any idea who it might be?" Marg shook her head. "From what I heard, they have reason to believe some of the Centrists are funding it. That's all I know." "Wouldn't surprise me," Sadi said darkly, her lekku shaking as she crossed her arms. It was then that Lux decided to make his escape: clinging on to Sadi's shoulder, he leapt down to the floor, scuttling on all eight legs across the room and out the door, a flash of dark red fur. Marg shrieked. "What in stars is that?" she cried, while Sadi lectured her just as sternly as Luke would if he'd heard her outburst. "So Ben was right about you," I muttered, and wasted no time in dashing after Lux. The corridor was empty—thankfully not all of the padawans had arrived yet, so there was little chance of him being stepped on—but Voorpaks were extremely agile and could squeeze into very tight spaces. Now that he was out in the open, it would be nearly impossible to find him again. But I had an advantage that he didn't. Closing my eyes, I fought to clear my mind of all emotions, to focus on nothing except for Lux. Remembering the way his silky fur felt under my fingers, the life force I'd tapped into when I had been healing him, I reached tentatively out into the Force. The connection was shaky and weak due to my inexperience, but since he was so near, it was simple enough to locate his energy. Releasing a breath, I opened my eyes again and allowed myself to be drawn toward it. Luke had told me I was strong in gathering up the Force, tapping into it and wrapping it around me like a blanket, but I always stumbled when it came to manifesting it outwardly. I needed to learn how to properly channel it. Still, I was exceptionally good at the more esoteric aspects of it, like tracking others and connecting with their minds. It had taken all of my strength just to heal Lux. Separating the male and female sleeping quarters (the students belonging to species that didn't fit the gender binary were free to choose whichever section they wished) was a small but lush courtyard, a magnificent gold fountain its centrepiece. A Force-sensitive tree stood in the corner, its thick emerald leaves casting a welcome shadow over the area. Legend had it that it was all that remained of the ancient tree which had once grown at the heart of the Jedi Temple on Coruscant. It was fitting, I thought, that Lux was hiding in the grass, probably happy to find familiar surroundings. "Once more and I'm giving you up," I half-heartedly warned as I snatched him up for the second time that day. "I healed you and this is the thanks I get?" "Alena, Alena, Alena!" I barely had time to turn around before a small body slammed into me, throwing their arms around my waist. I stumbled backwards, catching my breath, to see a bright-eyed, curious face staring up at me. "Kira!" I exclaimed in delight, kneeling down so that I was on her level. She giggled as I quickly redid a bun in her hair that had fallen out of place. Her face was streaked with dirt from playing and her two front teeth were missing. "Where are your parents?" She shrugged, seemingly unconcerned. "Papa is still welcoming the new students and Mama went into the village. Ben is supposed to be taking care of me but he's too slow." I laughed despite myself and perched on the edge of the fountain, pulling her onto my lap. Kira was five and her exuberance was beloved by all the students. Her existence was also something of a secret—at least, she wasn't known as widely as Ben was. Luke and Jyn preferred to keep Kira shielded so as to protect her from those who wished her parents harm. I knew that there were those in the galaxy who whispered of Luke's hypocrisy for "betraying" the old Jedi Order and having a child. I doubted any amount of explaining that he had not been trained in the old Jedi ways, that he believed it was best to forge his own path, would convince them. They were already suspicious enough as it was. Try as I might, I could not tune out the whispers that followed me wherever I went, whispers that asked if the Jedi should have stayed dead, if handing over the Force to beings who said they had the galaxy's well-being in mind was a wise choice. When Kira began her own Jedi training, I knew, she would bear a heavy burden. I didn't envy her for that. But looking at her laughing face, at her innocent expression, I hoped she would be able to remain a child for just a while longer. "Hey," I told her, holding out my arm to show her Lux peeking out from my sleeve. "I have something to show you." Her hazel eyes went wide. "What's that?" she asked. Reluctant to admit that I'd been outsmarted by a Voorpak, I replied, "I brought him from Naboo specially for you." Her expression lit up as she held Lux in her tiny hands, holding him up to her face. His tongue darted out to lick her on the nose and she giggled again. "Someday I'll be a pilot like Papa and visit every planet in the galaxy!" she exclaimed. "I'll make a list of every animal that exists." "That's impossible." Ben's voice, dry yet teasing, sounded from behind us, and I turned around to see that he was already wearing his robes, a padawan braid hanging from his messy hair. I wondered how long he had been watching us, and then why I hadn't sensed his approach. It probably had something to do with the Force tree, I guessed with a scowl. Kira stuck her tongue out at him. "Yes, I can!" she cried shrilly. "I can already do lots of things. Look!" She clambered clumsily off my lap and picked up a smooth, rounded stone from the fountain. Her eyes fluttered closed as her eyebrows creased in concentration. The stone turned over in her palm before hovering in the air for a split second. She immediately opened her eyes, giddy it had worked, and it immediately dropped to the ground again. Still, I clapped obediently, and she beamed. Even Ben looked impressed, pushing himself off the wall to come and stand beside me. I quickly stood up, not wanting him to tower over me. "Good job," he said reluctantly. "Did Luke teach her that?" I asked. He grinned, pulling affectionately at one of her pigtails. "I did. She'll be a great Jedi someday." Bolstered by his words, Kira bent over to pick up a stick and waved it in our faces. "Ben told me you're starting lightsaber training this year!" she exclaimed. "I want to come too." My mouth immediately went dry at the thought of beginning proper Jedi training. I was no warrior. There was no way I would be able to fight with a lightsaber—I would be the laughingstock of the entire class. "You're too young," Ben was telling his cousin, shaking his head. "Maybe someday." Not dissuaded in the least, Kira took a flying leap onto his back, still waving the stick around wildly. "Just to watch? Oh please, Ben, please!" she begged. "You can talk Papa into it." "We're not even starting with real lightsabers," I told her. "Just sticks." "Like this?" she asked, waving it around even more vigorously. The stick clipped Ben's ear, and he groaned. "Ow— watch it, kid." "You sound like Uncle Han," she snickered, looping her arms around his neck. Lux chose that moment to reappear, emerging from my sleeve and crawling up onto my shoulder to get a better view of his surroundings. Ben noticed this and smirked at me. "Still have that Voorpak, huh?" he asked. "Thought I was lying, Solo?" I teased. He shook his head, grinning, and touched his temple. My eyes widened at the implication. "You read my mind? You kriffing—" "Careful, Alena," he warned, his brown eyes bright with amusement. "Not in front of Kira." "I'm old enough!" she protested, as I playfully tossed Lux at him. But the Voorpak only snuggled happily into Ben's arms in response. He cocked an eyebrow at me, triumphant, and I felt the Force stir inside me in something that felt strangely like exhilaration. His hands dug into the wound at his side, fresh blood spilling onto his gloved fingers. His teeth were gritted in pain, bared in something like a snarl, and his hair clung to his forehead in sweaty clumps. When he raised his head, the angry red scar that bisected his face seemed to eclipse the rest of his features. Pain lanced through the wound, and he hissed through clenched teeth. I winced, too, pressing my fingers against the spot on my hip where there had been a sudden surge of blazing agony. I was simultaneously staring at him from across the room, and I was him, staring down at myself. He— I —was sitting in his private quarters on the First Order's star destroyer, the Finalizer, examining his— my —reopened wounds after Snoke's earlier training session. His emotions were a swirling mixture of anger and humiliation and self-loathing. I recoiled back from him, gasping, unused to the intensity of such emotions. The room was dark and shadowy, the outlines of objects barely visible, and my heart was pounding madly. The Force swirled around me, but I could not control it. I felt as if I was being pulled along in a strong, fast current, helpless to change my course or look away. "Ben!" I cried reflexively despite myself. The phantom pain was still surging through me. "Ben!" His head snapped up instantly, staring across the quarters, but he was looking through me. His eyes sparked with a boiling, uncontrolled rage, and he appeared so inhuman in that moment that I automatically took a step back in fright. "Who's there?" he demanded, his voice rough and hoarse. "Show yourself!" His hand groped for the lightsaber clipped to his side— "Come back, Alena." This voice was calmer, steadier, a welcome relief from the torrent of emotions whirling through me. I allowed myself to be pulled back to safety, to the Millennium Falcon and Luke. He had moved to the seat next to mine, placing a light hand upon my shoulder. I dimly remembered Rey having gone back into the cockpit to converse with Chewie before I'd been abruptly pulled into another vision. Breathing heavily, I reached up with shaking hands to touch my own face, expecting to feel the rough edges of a scar. But all I felt was soft, unmarred skin. "I—I saw—" "You saw Ben," Luke quietly acknowledged, bowing his head. His eyes drifted closed in sorrow; he had never spoken the name Kylo Ren aloud. "He—he heard me," I whispered. "I know he did. But that's impossible. You can't sense anyone in a Force vision—" "It wasn't a Force vision," Luke said even more quietly, his eyes still closed. My veins turned to ice as I remembered Snoke staring right at me, as if he had known I was present. "Ahch-To shielded you from Ben. Your Force bond with him was not extinguished completely, as you told me, but it was clouded enough that he did not know you were still alive. Now that we have left the planet and the source of the interference, your bond was reopened, and you must remember that the connection goes both ways." I swallowed hard, remembering our destination. "The Resistance base—are they in danger—" "No," Luke said, and I audibly sighed in relief, sitting back in my seat. "He has not sensed you yet. But, Alena, you must attempt to close the connection. It is impossible to rid yourself of the Force bond entirely. Nothing less than death can sever it, and even then it will still exist as a gaping wound. But the more often you enter into Ben's mind, the greater chance there is of him discovering you still live. You were always one of my greatest students. I have faith that you will be able to shield yourself from him." I shook my head in a silent denial, a plea for help. "Master, I—I cannot. Am I simply to hide from him forever, then?" "For now, at least," Luke said, his tone musing. His hand lifted from my shoulder as his eyes traveled to the door of the cockpit. "Such a bond may become useful someday." I frowned. "What do you mean? I—I tried to destroy the bond. But I couldn't." "I know. You were able to take the advantage of the circumstances in which you last encountered Ben and the Force interference on Ahch-To to make him believe you had." He smiled sagely at me. "I will try my best, Master," I said doubtfully, lowering my head. "I am no longer used to sharing his thoughts and emotions." "Everything will be as the Force wills it," Luke said softly, but I wasn't comforted at all. Closing my eyes, I exhaled deeply and tried my best to slam the door that existed between our minds, but I could still feel Kylo Ren's presence like a second heartbeat in the back of my mind. Chapter 7 : Ineffability "I don't understand." Rey's voice sounded from the entrance to the cockpit, and I raised my head to see her silhouetted in the doorway, her hand brushing the lightsaber clipped to her belt. Luke had given it back to her when we'd boarded the ship, gently explaining that it was hers now. She had frowned but stayed silent, though I could tell her curiosity was nearly unbearable. She was so alive —the Force flowed through her and around her with an intensity that was far different from the muted calm that I knew surrounded both Luke and I. It was strikingly reminiscent of him. I opened my mouth to answer, but Luke spoke first, his gaze fixed on her. In fact, he had scarcely looked away from Rey since her arrival on Ahch-To, as if she was the first soul he had seen in a decade. Though he had somewhat gained control of himself, I could still feel the emotions he had kept buried for years just below the surface, fighting to break free. With my concentration now partly diverted to prevent myself from slipping into Kylo Ren's mind again, holding the dark cloud at bay, I couldn't entirely block Luke out. "What is it you don't understand?" he asked evenly. The raw undercurrent of emotion in his voice would have been perceptible to anyone, and I found I could no longer watch the two of them together. Instead I glanced down at my hands neatly folded in my lap, at the cracked seat under me. Artoo gave a soft, worried beep from beside me, and Luke placed his mechanical hand on the droid as if to calm him. "What's a Force bond?" Rey asked, moving further into the hold. She didn't sit down this time, and I wondered if she was purposefully keeping her distance from Luke. Did she know? I wondered. She must have sensed it. It was as if both were deliberately skirting around the question, not wanting to be the first one to speak the words aloud. I decided to answer instead of Luke this time. The pounding in my head had decreased to a dull throb that was easier to ignore. Ren must be distracted. "In its most basic form, it is a connection between two individuals that enables them to sense the other's presence even across great distances and draw on each other's strengths during battle. The stronger the bond, the stronger its influence will be. Thoughts, feelings and even visions can easily be shared." Rey looked slightly alarmed by this, and I saw her eyes shift over to her staff propped up in the corner. "Can a bond exist without knowledge of it?" she asked, almost hesitantly. When I shook my head, she made no attempt to hide her relief. "It is not something that can be easily ignored." Almost unconsciously, I reached up to trace circles around my temples, hoping to soothe the ache there. Yes, the bond between Kylo Ren and I had been dulled by the passage of time and the clouding effect of Ahch-To, and it was…difficult to restrain the power of it. I had not expected to leave the planet so quickly, with no time to meditate beforehand. "They usually occur between a master and padawan, forming slowly over many years, such as the one Luke and I share. In other cases…" I trailed off, inadvertently meeting Luke's wise eyes. I could see the hints of a tired smile behind his thick beard, and pride swirled up inside me. He had deliberately sat back and allowed me to answer this question. His approval never failed to bolster me. "…In other cases it is not as deliberate," I continued with a heavy sigh. "Healing another with the Force often creates a bond, especially if they are close to death. Such an occurrence may be…unwanted." Rey stared at me. "That's why I saw you in Kylo Ren's mind," she breathed. "You have a Force bond with him." "Yes. I saved his life many years ago." I smiled faintly. "But I am not quite at that part in my story yet." "And there is no way to destroy one?" "Not without destroying oneself in the process." Drawing the Force around me like a blanket, I searched for some form of comfort, and it immediately responded, enveloping me in a soft warmth. I could almost feel it humming in my veins, rushing through my blood. Still, the darkness hovered at the edges of my mind, the one spot tainting the rest of the light. Gods, it had been so much easier on Ahch-To, so effortless. "Some worlds," I added in response to Rey's curious look, "Cloud certain areas of the Force, so the bond can become muted, more difficult to detect." "Is that why you were on Ahch-To?" she asked immediately. She was as sharp as her mother, I thought, and felt Luke's silent agreement, tinged with an ineffable sadness. "That is one reason," I allowed, inclining my head slightly. Rey's eyes narrowed when I did not offer further explanation, but something seemed to stop her from inquiring more. Instead she gestured in the direction of the cockpit, tucking an escaped strand of dark hair behind her ear. "We're coming out of hyperspace soon," she said, and turned her searching gaze to Luke. I could sense the precise moment their eyes met; the hum of the Force grew tenfold, pressing onto my ears until it was almost unbearable. I reached out to the strings that bound my mind to Luke's and quietly urged, You must tell her, Master. He gave me an equally silent nudge of acknowledgement, and when he finally spoke his words were careful, hesitant. "Thank you, Rey. You are…an extraordinary pilot." She shifted uncomfortably, clearly unused to compliments. "I'm sure you're much better. I—I heard the stories, growing up on Jakku." The tension crackling in the Force was too much for me to bear. As strong in the Force as Ahch-To had been, it had not exuded power like this. Looking at Rey's youthful, unlined face, I felt worn and exhausted and older than I ever had. You are not yet thirty, Alena. You must ease the burden on your shoulders. No one, not even a Jedi, can bear it for that long. The words sounded clearly in my mind, though they had not come from Luke. I straightened up, a familiar and welcome presence brushing against the edges of my consciousness. I had not sensed him in so long, but somehow I knew he had always been there. He did not reach out to me again, yet I could still feel the imprint of his presence as clearly as if his hand was on my shoulder, part of the Force itself. "Rey…" Luke's voice was hardly a whisper, yet somehow it escaped him anyway, caught in the air between them. It was as if all the pain he had endured in the past fourteen years was ensconced in that single syllable. His hand twitched as if he desperately wanted to reach out to her. She shook her head furiously, tears shining in her eyes. "It's true, isn't it?" she whispered, agony in her voice. "I thought—I thought—" I should not be privy to this conversation, I knew. I should stand up and quietly retreat. But at the same time I could not move. Time itself seemed to stop, this one moment stretching on into eternity. I half-believed the Falcon was suspended in space, the entire galaxy frozen, and if I were to even blink, I would break the spell. "Your senses do not betray you," Luke murmured, in the same soothing tone of voice he used to calm her when she was a child, and I felt the breath I had been holding rush out in a silent exhale. "Yes, Rey. I am your father." Yavin 4 was at its most peaceful just after dawn, when the sun had not yet warmed the ground and the glimmer of stars were still faintly visible. I woke early and dressed hurriedly, quietly slipping out of the quarters while Sadi continued to sleep soundly. Though it had been late summer on Naboo, it was spring here: the air still held a chill and dew coated the grass as I trudged along the stone pathways connecting the temples, searching for one in particular. It was a well-known fact that Luke spent the early mornings in meditation, likely gathering the patience to spend the day teaching padawans. I hoped that if I arrived before he began, he might be more inclined to help me. The Praxeum was loosely divided into two main groups: the younglings, who were between the ages of ten and fifteen standard years, and the senior padawans, who had completed the first part of their training. With Luke being the only master, he concentrated on teaching the younger students in the morning and the older students during the afternoon. This season marked my entry into the latter group; not only would I have to get used to attending longer classes that often lasted well into the night, the number of padawans present would double in size, including both male and female students. While we weren't forbidden from socializing, there had always existed an unspoken rivalry between us, each group desperate to outdo the other. Sosha had once dryly remarked that keeping a group of (largely human) young teenagers separated was a wise idea. The number of padawans usually varied between thirty and fifty—nowhere near the thousands that had existed during the reign of the Galactic Republic, but with Luke as the only teacher, it was necessary. The number of students who progressed to the rank of Knight was even fewer; I guessed it was about a dozen, if that. Rumour had it that Luke's version of the old Jedi Order's Trials was a pilgrimage to Jedha, an ancient holy moon in the Inner Rim. While the graduates occasionally taught the odd class, just as Leia had once travelled here to speak about the New Republic, they were largely absent, perhaps trying to convince the galaxy to trust the Jedi again. Of course, there were also those who had chosen to leave the Praxeum of their own accord. Luke had often been criticized for his methods—namely the much less rigid rules that the old Jedi Order had been infamous for—but with him as the only master, it was simply impossible to adopt more than the skeleton of what it had once been. A figure melted out of the early-morning fog in front of me, and I started, so lost in my thoughts that I hadn't even noticed an approaching presence. My heart immediately kicked off when I recognized who it was, my mouth going completely dry. I halted, suddenly rooted to the spot. "Poe!" I exclaimed, quickly adopting a casual pose, as if we ran into each other every day. But my stomach was suddenly in turmoil. Gods, I hadn't even brushed my hair— But he didn't seem to notice, flashing me a charming grin that made my heart stutter and turn over in my chest. "Hey, Alena. Didn't know anyone else would be up this early." Poe Dameron was one of the residents of Yavin 4's nearby colony, not a student, but he was friendly and well-liked around the Praxeum. His parents had been well-known in the Rebellion, and while his mother had died when he was a child, he and his father were friendly with Luke, often attending special events at the academy. It also didn't help that he was extremely charismatic and extremely handsome, winning over the hearts of every female and even some males in his presence. I wasn't close with him on more than a superficial level, but that didn't stop me from daydreaming what it would be like if we snuck away for a day or two— Across from me, his easy smile had faltered slightly and a crease formed between his eyebrows. "Alena, did you hear me?" he asked, and with a jolt I realized I hadn't even heard his question. "Of course!" I exclaimed too loudly, my voice too high. "I was just—I like morning walks. It clears the mind. Well, I guess you already know that, being here and all…" I gestured uselessly around us. Poe's frown deepened. "Actually, um, I was asking if you had seen Luke." My eyes widened. "Yes! I mean, no, I haven't. I was looking for Master Skywalker myself. I wanted to ask him a question." Some distant part of my mind was aware that I was babbling, but it was as if the orders from my brain had gotten lost on their way to my mouth. "Great," Poe said with a decisive nod. "Let's find him together, then?" And he winked at me. "Together?" I repeated, breathless. My mind was still reeling from his wink. "I mean, together, sure. Of course." It took a moment before I could make my legs move again. "Follow me." Poe easily kept up with my stride, even whistling a tune as we made our way through the maze of paths. I couldn't stop glancing sideways at him, at his impossibly handsome profile. Dark hair, slightly curled at the nape of his neck, tanned skin, a bright smile…I wished Marg and Sadi could see this, me having an actual conversation with Poe kriffing Dameron. "If you don't mind me asking, why do you want to talk to Master Skywalker?" I asked cautiously, wanting to keep the conversation running, but failed to hide my wince when I realized it was likely a private question. But Poe sounded as good-natured as ever as he replied, pausing in his whistling and lowering his voice as if I was about to be let in on a secret. "I joined the New Republic Starfleet," he said, the pride nearly bursting out of his voice. "I'm leaving for Hosnian Prime this afternoon. I wanted to thank Luke for his help whenever I needed maintenance on my ship. If it hadn't been for him, I'd still be stuck at home." My mind went blank and I nearly stopped walking, struggling to process this information. "The—the New Republic Starfleet?" I repeated dumbly. "As a pilot? But you're only seventeen!" Poe shrugged, his grin only growing wider. "Doesn't matter to the higher-ups, I guess. Besides, I had a few tricks I've been practicing for a while that my mother once showed me." I tried desperately to hide my dismay. While it was no secret that Poe was a remarkable pilot, I had never expected him to actually leave Yavin 4. He seemed an unwavering presence here, as fixed as the temples around us. But it was difficult to ignore the joy on his face. "That's great, Poe," I encouraged, offering him a shy smile. "I know you'll be an amazing pilot." He reached out and placed a friendly hand on my shoulder; my face immediately burned at the simple contact and I faltered, momentarily forgetting to concentrate on his words and not the way his fingers felt on my robes. "Maybe next time we see each other, you'll be a Jedi Knight, huh?" he asked, squeezing my shoulder briefly before letting go. I could feel the phantom imprint where his hands had been. "Yeah," I said, stuffing my hands inside my robes and keeping my eyes fixed straight ahead. Disappointment was still bitter in my mouth, though I knew, logically, I had never had any chance with him to begin with. Gods, I couldn't even fly a starship if my life depended on it. Sometimes I felt as if I was the only being in the galaxy who couldn't fly anything. I was almost relieved when I sensed Luke's presence nearby, clear even to my inexpert instincts. "He's just up here," I told Poe, and sure enough, Luke himself emerged from the Great Temple, but he wasn't alone: a dark-haired boy accompanied him. I reached out to the Force again, and was able to faintly detect a light I hadn't noticed before. That was strange: Ben's presence had been strong enough when we were on Naboo. Could he have somehow learned to shield himself? But that was advanced lore; far beyond our skill level. I began to wonder if Luke was giving him extra lessons after all. Luke looked unsurprised to see us there; I had the sense he had known we were coming all along. "Good morning, Alena, Poe," he said, nodding to us. "You are certainly up early." "So are you," Poe said with a chuckle, reaching out to shake Luke's hand and grin easily at Ben. "Hey, Solo." Ben gave a short nod in return before his brown eyes flickered to mine. The corner of his mouth twitched up in something that could have been a smirk. Irritated, I stared right back, wondering what he always seemed to find so amusing about me. While Poe stepped forward to speak to Luke, I had no choice but to approach Ben, who looked rather pale. I was about to ask him if he was all right before he said matter-of-factly, "He thinks of you as a sister, you know." Any spark of concern I'd felt for him immediately vanished. "What are you talking about?" I snapped back, too defensively. Ben coolly raised his eyebrows in a gesture that made him look eerily similar to his father. "Dameron. You don't need to be so upset about him leaving." "I'm not upset —it's not like that—who asked you, anyway?" I spluttered, seriously considering just throwing my hands up and walking away. I cast a surreptitious glance over at Poe and Luke, who were deep in conversation and didn't appear to have heard us. At least, I was sure Poe hadn't. Rolling his eyes, Ben replied, "Look, it's not that hard to tell. Especially with you." I stared in disbelief at him. "You read my mind, didn't you?" "No!" he exclaimed immediately, sounding almost offended. "I didn't do that to either of you. It's obvious enough as it is. I figured you'd be glad to know the truth." "Well, you figured wrong," I retorted, crossing my arms and refusing to back down. "What are you doing here, anyway?" Something like displeasure flashed across his face, as if I had insulted him. "None of your business," he replied smoothly. "What do you want from Uncle Luke?" I thought of my fear about using a lightsaber, the idea to ask Luke to help me, to beg him for assistance. But there was no way I could tell Ben that. Ben Solo, the grandson of one of the galaxy's greatest Jedi Knights during the Clone Wars. The nephew of the last Jedi, the boy who had destroyed the Empire's Death Star in a single shot. So I simply shrugged and scuffed the ground with my boot, digging up a cloud of dust. "None of your business, Solo," I echoed, drawing myself up to my full height, and left him standing there. Chapter 8 : Training "I am sorry, Alena, but this journey is unavoidable. Mon Mothma herself has requested my accompaniment as the official representative of Naboo." "And you're sure I cannot join you?" "Muunilinst is not hospitable to humans, especially humans who are training to become Jedi. I am travelling on a diplomatic mission for the New Republic. There would be nothing for you to do." Sosha's tone was firm and absolute; I knew arguing with her was a lost cause. I sighed in defeat and fiddled with the dial on the holoprojector to hide my disappointment. Her form was tinged blue at the edges, but her face was as clear as if she had been standing right in front of me. "By diplomatic mission, you mean business dealings, right? The Muuns control the Banking Clan. You want Damask, or whoever the Magister is, on the side of the Populists." Sosha looked sternly amused. "Not quite, but even if it was, I could not tell you. Do not worry yourself over politics, Alena. That was the downfall of the Jedi before the Empire." But even after the holocall had ended and I was left sprawled across my bed, stroking a sleeping Lux's auburn fur, I couldn't stop thinking about her words. There was something deeper brewing in the Senate, I could tell. I had never seen Sosha so unsettled before, and it unsettled me more than I liked to let on. With her comments about the widening feud between the Populists and the Centrists, as well as Leia's mention of a mysterious "growing threat", I couldn't shake the feeling that something was amiss. Or maybe I was just being paranoid. Maybe it wasn't the Force showing me some hidden sign after all, but simply my searching for conflict where there was none. My instincts could still deceive me. "You look upset, darling," Marg called from the balcony, where she and Sadi were eating spice cake. "What were you and Senator Soruna talking about?" I hesitated before rolling myself off the bed and standing up, wondering if I should ask her if her mother had heard anything. But I didn't want Marg to slip and reveal that I had been pressing for more information to Varish; word would undoubtedly get back to Sosha. "I have to stay here during the break," I said gloomily. "Sosha will be on Muunilinst. She's never missed one of my Life Days before." I knew my complaining was unwarranted, but I couldn't help myself. It quickly prompted a sympathetic look from Margo, who had spent her sixteenth Life Day throwing a lavish celebration on Coruscant. I hadn't been able to attend, Sosha requiring my assistance on Naboo. "You can come to Hosnian Prime with Sadi and I!" she exclaimed, clapping her paws together. "She was already planning to visit me anyway, and I'm sure Mother wouldn't mind having another guest." This, at least, made me perk up, and I grinned, relieved at the prospect of not spending the break alone on Naboo. "Thanks, Marg," I said gratefully. "And Sosha knows your family well enough not to put up a fight." Out of habit, I glanced up at the chronometer and my eyes widened when I saw how late it was. I hadn't realized how long the holocall had been. "Force, I have to go!" I exclaimed, shoving my feet into boots and grabbing my training saber. "I told Master Skywalker I would be at the temple early." Sadi and Marg exchanged pointed looks. "Another extra lesson?" Sadi asked slyly, her red lekku twitching. "You're really keen on them, aren't you?" I paused in the doorway, giving them a half-exasperated, half-amused glare. "Oh, come on, guys. You know better than anyone how useless I am with lightsabers." "She's got a point," Marg remarked, playfully nudging Sadi's shoulder. "She did almost cut your hand off last practice." Before Sadi could be reminded of that unfortunate and rather embarrassing incident, I dashed out the door on my way to the Great Temple. My earlier fears had come true: I was hopeless when it came to lightsaber combat. Even with less powerful training sabers, I'd come close to accidentally injuring both Sadi and Marg whenever we sparred, to the point where Luke had taken pity on me and, gently drawing me aside one class, had offered to give me extra tutelage. While such offers were usually met with jealousy among the other padawans, everyone knew it was because I was so far behind them in skill that the only looks I received were of pity, not envy. I wasn't even sure myself why I was so terrible in lightsaber combat, but Luke had attempted to cheer me up, telling me that the Force didn't manifest the same way in everyone, and there were some areas that students did not naturally excel at. "You are talented with the Living Force when you are able to quiet your mind—something even I still struggle with," he had told me sagely. "You must work on your connection with the Physical Force." "Yes, Master," I'd mumbled, declining to remind him that my very first usage of the Force had been to slide a lock into place without touching it. It was with Luke's words in mind that I sprinted into the training room, already apologizing for my tardiness—but skidded to a stop when I saw the person waiting for me wasn't Luke, but someone else entirely. "Ben?" I asked in disbelief. "What are you doing here?" He was sitting cross-legged on one of the woven cloth mats that were scattered across the floor, warm sunlight filtering through cracks in the stone and illuminating the countless weapons that hung along the walls. We were the only padawans in sight. At my exclamation, his eyes snapped open and he leapt to his feet, seemingly shaking himself out of whatever stupor he had been in. "Nice to see you too, Alena," he remarked, dusting off his robes as he strode toward me. "Uncle Luke asked me to train you today—Kira is sick and he wants to look after her." My heart sank at the thought of being mocked by the best student in the class—and he was, he had won every sparring match to date—but of more concern was his appearance. His skin was alarmingly pale, the circles under his eyes nearly purple. Even his robes were hanging loosely off him. "Are you all right?" I asked cautiously, and there was a flicker of surprise in his eyes. "Why do you care?" Ben retorted, but not rudely. His eyebrows raised slightly. "Why wouldn't I? I thought we were friends," I said in confusion. Ben snorted and turned away from me, walking back onto the mat. I noticed his feet were bare, so I kicked my boots off too, padding quietly behind him until we stood in the center of the room. I could see dust whirling lazily above us. " I thought you hated me," he replied, as if he was confessing a great secret. "You've never exactly been thrilled to see me." "Huh? I've never—" But I realized, unpleasantly, that he was right: we had never met in the most desirable of circumstances. I had once hidden in a wardrobe and snapped at him to go away; I'd made my displeasure known when Sosha had ordered me to show him around Theed; and our most recent meeting had culminated in me stalking away from him. "Wait. I thought you said I was easy to read." He shrugged. "Your face, yeah. I wasn't looking into your mind, Alena." He stared down at me, his eyes boring into mine, as if trying to make sure I understood. "I swear." His gaze was so intense that I had to look away, but not before noticing his normally dark brown irises seemed tinged with gold in the light. "Fine, I believe you. But you still haven't answered my question." "I'm fine. I just have a headache." As if to prove his point he rubbed his head in almost distracted irritation, as if there was a bloodfly buzzing around it he wanted to get rid of. I hovered awkwardly in the spot, unsure what to do. "Should I just leave, then?" "No!" Ben exclaimed at once, whirling back around. He looked almost frantic. "Don't go. I mean—there's no use in leaving this place when it's empty." He gestured to the training room around us, but he couldn't quite hide his outburst. I remembered the pained look on his face when I'd come in—it certainly hadn't been meditation, and my sense of intrigue only deepened. "All right," I said carefully, unclipping the training saber from my belt. "Master Skywalker told you I needed help in lightsaber training, right?" Ben nodded and wordlessly extended his arm as a training saber came flying across the room toward us; I watched in envy as it landed squarely in the palm of his hand. "Show-off," I muttered. He shook a strand of dark hair out of his eyes and regarded me thoughtfully. "Not really. I've had lots more practice than you. You're pretty good, you know, for someone who didn't start any of this until they were ten." I felt my cheeks warm, gratified at the compliment. "Thanks," I said, and watched the corners of his mouth twitch upward in something that was almost a smile. "Now ignite your saber," he said after an uncertain moment, clearing his throat. I did so, tensing as a flash of green lit up the space between us. Ben did the same, and when he took a step toward me, I automatically backed away, holding my saber up like a sword. He frowned, lowering his own saber slightly. I blinked at him, and suddenly understanding cleared his face. "You're afraid," he murmured, almost to himself. "That's the problem." "Of course I'm afraid!" I retorted. "It's a lightsaber." "Alena, you have to trust me. If not, trust the Force," Ben said, sounding annoyingly like Luke. "You've convinced yourself you can't do this. Don't overthink it." I swallowed, tightening my grip on my saber even as I relaxed my arm. I was about to grudgingly agree with him when Ben leapt forward in a dark blur and his saber was suddenly flying toward me. Instinctively, I raised my own arm to block it, and an almost startling shock ran down my arm and through my entire body as our sabers clashed in an explosion of blue and green. Ben was pushing against me—though I could tell he was holding back—but I refused to give him ground and firmly held my stance, gritting my teeth in concentration. Kriffing bastard, I thought, and pushed back against him. Suddenly he was on the defensive, moving backwards—our sabers clashed again and again—I wasn't focusing on anything but him, anticipating his next moves, feeling the Force through me and around me in an exhilarating rush of awareness. But he wasn't the best student in the class for nothing, and he eventually wore me down, taking me by surprise by aiming at my waist instead of my head. My foot caught on the edge of the mat and I tripped, falling back onto the floor, staring up at him. He deactivated his saber and offered a hand to me, victorious at last. "Told you that you could do it." I narrowed my eyes up at him. "Rematch," I demanded. Ben only smirked. "If you insist," he drawled, and I grabbed his hand and let him pull me to my feet. An hour later, I slid down the side of the wall and stayed there, panting, unable to move a muscle. I'd thought I was in fairly good shape, considering the amount of physical training Luke put us through every morning, but Ben's refusal to even take a break had exhausted me. Marg, the most athletic of us all, would be laughing if she could see me now. "Here," a voice said from above me, and I gratefully took the flask of cold water Ben offered, gulping it down greedily as he took a seat next to me with his own water. While he looked far more unflustered than me, his breathing only slightly labored, his face still shone with a light sheen of sweat. "So, Master, how'd I do?" I teased, tying back my sweaty hair. I was already dreaming of hopping into the refresher as soon as I got back to my quarters. "Not bad, actually," Ben admitted, drawing his long legs up to his chest. Our sabers lay discarded several feet away. "You got in a few good hits." I grinned in triumph. "Yes, I did," I said proudly, taking another gulp of water. "Next time I might even knock you to the ground." He scoffed. "We'll see." We sat in silence for another minute, still trying to catch our breath. I felt simultaneously exhilarated and exhausted. I knew he had probably been going easy on me, but I didn't care. With Luke, lightsaber combat had been all about memorizing the seven traditional forms and their various advantages and disadvantages. With Ben, fighting had been much more instinctual, more a reaction than an action. "Thanks for doing this," I finally said when my breathing had returned to normal. "I'll be able to surprise Marg and Sadi when we go to Hosnian Prime during the break." "Hosnian Prime?" Ben asked, sounding genuinely curious. "But Naboo is your home." "Sosha is going to Muunilinst, so Marg invited me to spend the break with her instead," I explained, rolling my eyes. "Something about persuading the Muuns to join the New Republic." "My mother will be there, too," Ben replied. "I don't see them doing much persuading, but I suppose if anyone can talk them into it, it'll be her." A faint smile appeared on his face. "I'm going to Corellia with my father instead of accompanying her." "Is that his home world?" I asked. "Yeah. We'll probably go see my grandparents. They're nice and all, but sometimes I wish I could meet my other grandparents. My mother's parents." Ben glanced down to pick at a loose thread on his robes. "A Jedi and a Senator—now there's a combination," I mused, remembering what Sosha had told me about Anakin Skywalker and Padmé Amidala. Everyone this side of the galaxy knew about them, of course, in theory—but speaking to one of their grandchildren was a different matter entirely. Ben stopped pretending to act distracted and looked over at me again, sounding incredulous. "You've heard of them?" "Yes. Sosha told me." I grinned, leaning my head back against the cool stone wall. "I remember my mother speaking of them as well. She was a very young handmaiden during the Clone Wars and the queen she served at the time was on a diplomatic mission to one of the Separatist worlds. Their entire party was accompanied by a Jedi, who turned out to be Anakin Skywalker. Mother fancied him, I think. And your grandmother Padmé was queen when she allowed my father to stay at the royal palace." "You mean both of them were just…abandoned there?" "Yeah. Leaving unwanted babies to be raised as servants is a common custom in Naboo. I guess my parents met when they were both young." I shrugged; I'd heard the story so many times it no longer interested me. Ben, however, looked indignant. "And you have no idea who their families were?" "Well, my mother was from an old Imperial family who didn't want a daughter." I spoke hurriedly, hoping he wouldn't ask for more details. "And I don't know anything about my father except that he was from Mandalore." I reached into my robes and pulled out the Glow Stone I always wore around my neck. "This is the only thing I have of his." "But Mandalore is a warrior society," Ben muttered, his eyes on the stone. "I've been there before. Aside from the royal family—" " You're royalty," I interjected. "Your mother is a princess." " Was a princess," Ben corrected, shaking his head. "I'm not anything. I don't want to have a title. I don't want to go into politics." I frowned. "Why not?" "It certainly looks like you two have been busy." The voice from across the training room startled us both; Luke was standing there, regal as ever, though exhaustion was evident in every line of his face. "How's Kira?" Ben asked immediately, springing to his feet. I leapt up after him, ignoring my protesting legs. "Improving, thankfully. She still has a fever but managed to fall asleep. Jyn is staying with her." Luke smiled tiredly at me. "I hope your lesson with Ben went well, Alena. I instructed him to help you." "He did, Master," I said, and gave Ben a sideways grin. "For the most part." Luke's tired smile only grew wider, and he looked back and forth between the two of us with an unusually pleased expression. "It's good to see the two of you getting along. I've always wanted you to make more friends, Ben." "Uncle Luke," Ben muttered, his face immediately turning red. I watched his reaction curiously. Ben was alone most of the time, but I'd always chalked that up to being his choice rather than the other padawans' deliberate ostracizing. But why did they avoid him? "Actually, I wouldn't mind if Ben continued to teach me," I jumped in. "As a training partner, I mean." Now Luke was positively beaming. "What do you say, Ben?" he asked, turning to his nephew. Ben's gaze met mine again, and this time I saw incredulity and even a bit of hope in his expression. "Sure, Alena," he said, and smiled genuinely at me.