Listen to it here (takes you to Google Drive). Chapter 2 Notes: And I just!!! Aaah, thank you all so much for the wonderful comments and kudos and views! It means to much to me that people like the sound of my voice XD Reading this fic aloud has honestly made me have a renewed appreciation for how gorgeous and heart-wrenching coldhope's writing is, so I hope that my voice can do justice to that. Also I love doing Ren's scratchy I-got-hit-with-a-bowcaster-and-then-punched-the-wound-ow-I-fucked-up voice. And the peppy droid voice. These are my favourite voices yes. So uh, yes! I hope you enjoy, and any and all feedback is much appreciated! Thank you all again =D This chapter is 28 minutes and 8 seconds long. Listen here (opens in Google Drive). Chapter 3 Notes: So I really struggled with this chapter, and I don't really know why, and I'm not 100% happy with how I've read it, but I think I'll go insane if I spend any more time on it, so HERE YOU GO. Thank you again so much for your kindo comments and kudos =D It really means a lot to me! This chapter is 18 minutes and 29 seconds long. Listen here (opens in Google Drive). Chapter 4 Notes: Heyo! I have an update kinda thingy at the beginning of the chapter, but if you want to skip it, go to 3:22. Thank you all for your patience and support! I hope you enjoy! This chapter is 18 minutes and 26 seconds long, including my update at the beginning. Listen here (opens in Google Drive). Chapter 5 Notes: Me: Idk I might get Chapter 5 done before I move. Also me: *literally uploads Chapter 5 the day after I said that* What can I say, I am apparently on a roll. Also taking advantage of the times my family is out and I'm not =P I changed how I did Snoke's voice in this chapter, and I feel quite happy with it. He sounds more snake-like and malevolent, I think. Ren continues to sound like a husky pre-pubescent boy, because apparently that's his voice now. Listen here (opens in Google Drive). Chapter 6 Notes: The answer to, "How hard is it to record a podfic in a share house full of 20-somethings," is, "VERY do y'all ever shut up???" Thank you all for your patience! I hope you enjoy this chapter! I have a rambly update thingy at the beginning, so skip to 1:35 if you don't want to hear it. This chapter is 20 minutes and 4 seconds long. Listen here (opens in Google Drive). Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the [podfic] all that you love will be carried away series