Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey was 100% sure that it was Ben’s fault. She couldn’t concentrate with him around, much less doing that to her when her phone rings. “Rey Niima! Hux again from First Order Solutions!” She frankly could not give a shit who was on the phone when she felt Ben’s tongue curl and lap at her juices. Squeezing her eyes shut to contain to noises she would love to let loose, she tried to concentrate on the voice through the phone, trying to understand what the fuck they were trying to say . Ben smirked, seeing Rey on the brink of unravelling and so close to just moaning into the phone. As he continuously dipped his tongue into her wet hole, his fingers rubbed at her clit, daring her to let out that unforgivable noise. “…so are you in an agreement?” “Wha? Yeah sure, whatever.” Rey dropped her phone, not caring if the line got disconnected, and pulled Ben upwards. “You fucking asshole,” she whispered, flipping him onto the couch to mount him, a long moan of pleasure rippling from her throat. They would both later agree that as sexy as it was, it’s probably better to pay attention to what people were asking you on the phone, especially if it’s from a sexbot company. - “Babe, someone’s at the door.” Rey mumbled something in her sleep and rolled over, refusing to acknowledge the outside world so early on a Saturday, the start of a weekend. Seeing a lost cause, Ben messily slid off the bed and stumbled towards the door in his loose shirt and briefs. He ran his hand through his dishevelled hair and rubbed his eyes, hoping that whoever was at the door would take one look at him, get the hint and leave. However, when he opened the door, he didn’t expect to see a clone of himself looking back at him. He rubbed his eyes more thoroughly. “Err…” The strange man smiled at him and handed Ben a letter. “Greetings. You must be the original.” Ben’s eyebrows furrowed and took a step back, not particularly sure on how to handle the situation. He flipped open the envelope and saw the First Order Solutions logo embossed clearly on the letterhead. He skimmed the text briefly before groaning at its contents. With a defeated sigh, he gestured the sexbot to come inside and dragged his feet towards the bedroom. “Rey, wake up,” Ben said tiredly, shaking her shoulder gently. He was met with a grumble as a response. “Rey, do you remember that time you got a phone call from First Order Solutions?” When he was met with stillness, he lent down and whispered in her ear. “You know, that time I ate you out while on the phone? ‘Cos you were so fucking wet ?” Ben gave her ear a quick bite for safe measure. Rey yelped and glared at Ben, clutching her ear. Just as she was about to chastise him, she felt her eyes see double. She saw her boyfriend sitting on the edge of her bed but she also saw him poking his head past the doorway into the room. “What…the fuck?” “Mistress!” - Later, when she was sufficiently dressed with coffee in her system, Rey sat on the couch, reading the letter for the third time as Ben and Kylo Ren stood before her; Ben glaring at Kylo Ren with tense shoulders while the sexbot stood watching Rey, unaware of the hostility. Rey Niima, We are so glad to hear from personal server bot 9000 Kylo Ren of the enjoyment you have received. As per to your conversation with CEO General Hux (Rey rolled her eyes at the theme the company seemed to have) , you have agreed to welcome Kylo Ren back to assist in his upgrades. His upgrades consists of being able to blend successfully with humans and interact with humans realistically. We greatly appreciate your cooperation in this survey of sorts. Kylo Ren will return to us in 7 days. Until then, please allow for Kylo Ren to observe and help you, in hopes that he will get a better grasp of human relations. Regards, Capt. Phasma Department of Marketing Rey crumpled the letter in her hand, unable to grasp the concept of having to deal with both Kylo Ren and Ben Solo at the same time. From the looks of things, it didn’t seem like Ben would even think of leaving her alone with Kylo Ren. “So, you just need to observe me for a week, right?” “Yes Mistress. Ideally, if I could assist in your personal pleasure-” Kylo Ren was interrupted by an angry shout from Ben but ignored him. “-that would be extremely advantageous to my situation but as it seems impossible, I am content with observing Mistress with her new lover.” Her and Ben exchanged looks, not knowing how to react or deal with Kylo Ren for a week. They excused themselves and huddled together in her bedroom to sort out a plan of action. “Okay so, let’s see if we can just go about our lives as if he wasn’t here,” suggested Ben. “Can we still have sex during this week?” “I don’t know Rey…he seems pretty adamant on either watching or joining in.” Ben cast a suspicious look at the closed door, as if the bot would be able to sense it. He yelped when Rey grabbed his shirt and pulled him close. “No way am I going a week without banging you, Solo. Besides,” Rey smirked as she loosened her hold. “It could be fun?” Ignoring his baffled look, Rey unlocked and swung the bedroom door open, the invitation clear and inviting. She pushed Ben back onto the bed and pulled her pants down her legs, leaving the oversized button up (Ben’s shirt, of course ) she was wearing to be the only thing covering her. As she knelt on the mattress, she noticed Kylo Ren enter and drink the scene before him, not entirely sure what to do. She leaned forward, hovering over Ben and giving Kylo Ren prime view of her skimpily clad behind. “Mistress…” Kylo Ren said weakly, still floundering for instructions. He looked at Ben for guidance but the male seemed to be at a loss for words, he too not knowing what to say. “For your first lesson, you can observe,” instructed Rey, nodding at the chair in the corner. Kylo Ren nodded, eager and borderline ecstatic that his mistress agreed to teach him. Settling in the seat, he watched the scene unfold, taking note of every move in his dark eyes and categorising it his CPU for later use. Satisfied with Kylo Ren’s obedience, Rey turned back to the man in front of her, Ben’s face tinged pink at the idea of his girlfriend being so open to this. “Don’t worry, it’ll be fun,” Rey whispered as she nuzzled her face into the thin soft fabric that separated herself from Ben’s cock. She smiled at the shuttering gasp. She placed soft kisses on the flesh of his exposed thigh as her hand massaged the hardening length, palm running up and down until a solid mass formed. Gripping the cock, she quickly gave the base a soft bite, causing Ben to groan at the sensation. He thrusted his hips upwards, hoping to encourage Rey to remove his briefs. Relief flooded his face when her small fingers hooked his waistband and pulled down, his cock bouncing free with anticipation. He did, however, let out a strangled cry when she rolled his ballsack in her palm while giving his cock and long, slow lick, from base all the way to the bulb of his tip. He squeezed his eyes closed at the teasing he knew Rey was going to put him through. As more saliva formed in her mouth, her licks became easier and easier, the thickness of her dribble painting his crotch messily. She gripped his cock firmly, her mouth just passing and sucking on his head, her tongue swirling and occasionally flicking over the slit. With her other hand, she placed it on Ben’s stomach to push him down and prevent him from bucking up into her mouth. He wasn’t going to get relief that easily. With a hand flung over his face, Ben glanced sideways and watched Kylo Ren sitting in the corner. Through his haze of pleasure, he saw the sexbot sitting upright in the seat, a slight tenting of his pants and his hands gripping the wooden armrests, knuckles whitening. Ben let his eyes slide back behind his lids, wondering how realistic the sexbot could be. He almost bit his tongue and cursed his mind from wondering momentarily when he felt the heat of Rey’s mouth just suddenly take him all in . Rey hummed in content at the heavy breathing coming from Ben, his cock buried deep in her throat. She grumbled lowly and was pretty sure that the vibrations she made at the base of her throat would drive Ben crazy. As her head bobbed up and down, strands of hair fell out of her bun she had tied up hastily, loose brown locks framing her face as she enthusiastically sucked and slurped, making her glow. This was how Ben saw her when he was able to crack an eye open and peer through his fingers. His pupils dilated at the sight. Threading his fingers through her hair, he gripped it and held her head still as he was able to get one thrust deep down her throat before she pulled from his grip. She gasped for air, her drool messily dripping from her lips onto the bedsheets below. Her chest heaved as she sucked in the air, fixing Ben with a glare. He returned the glare with a challenging smirk but it didn't stay long on his face. His lips formed an 'O' when Rey’s sudden movement allowed her to drop herself onto his dick, impaling herself deeply. They both let out guttural moans at the feeling. Rey gathered the edges of her shirt and tied it in a knot just above the base of her back, giving Kylo Ren full view of her ass bouncing up and down on the thick cock that was Ben Solo’s. Kylo Ren shifted in his chair uncomfortably, watching the ripples of Rey’s ass each time she slammed herself onto Ben’s dick. With eyes closed, she massaged her breasts through the cotton fabric and let her head roll back and forth to the movement of their bodies. Ben’s hands came up and gripped the round globes of her ass, slapping it playfully before he clenched them in his large hands and guided her to a rhythm that made gasps of pleasure slip from her open mouth. “Beeeen,” Rey whined, the pressure building up within her as she clawed at the buttons of her shirt. With a swift movement, Ben sat up and forced Rey to lay backwards, her legs resting on his shoulders. He lifted his body upwards slightly to rip open the shirt, uncaring for the buttons that shot in all directions, and bent over to grab a nipple between his lips. The new angle caused Rey to cry out, her head flopping over the edge of the bed. Kylo Ren watched the couple with sharp eyes, watching Rey’s breasts bounce in circles as Ben stretched upwards to remove his own shirt. Sweat shone on their bodies and the noises of skin on skin slapping with Ben’s low grunts and Rey’s high pitched breathy moans made the tightness in his pants almost unbearable. Almost . Kylo Ren was a well behaved sexbot. He knew how to listen to instructions and follow his Mistress’ rules. His mechanical brain almost short circuited when his eyes made contact with Rey’s, her mouth obscenely hanging as Ben pounded into her. She watched Kylo Ren, staring intently at the sexbot with her eyes occasionally drifting down the bulge that he was trying to ignore. “Touch…yourself…” Rey managed out before Ben straightened her legs even more to snap roughly into her. She mewled and ran her hands over her stomach, Ben’s mouth still attached on one of her nipples as his hand rolled her other hardened nib between his two fingers. Ben cracked an eye open at Rey’s breathy command and sucked hard at the sight of Rey watching Kylo Ren. He lifted himself high on his knees and latched onto the smooth skin of her neck, tongue flicking, guaranteed to leave a mark. He chuckled darkly at the touch of Rey’s hands gripping his backside painfully, urging him to go faster. At his mistress’s command, Kylo Ren slipped his hand into his pants and moaned at the feel of hardened cock, veins popping and slippery liquid leaking from it’s tip. First Order Solutions had made him very realistic, being able to ejaculate a clear fluid included. The pad of his thumb grazed his slit and rubbed the liquid over the head of his cock, enjoying the feeling of being able to touch himself. He started to pump himself when Ben drew their joint groins upwards more before greedily sucking on Rey’s neck. As he broke eye contact with Rey, his eyes slid up to Ben’s, the original’s eyes eyeing him predatorily. Hot breaths heaved from Kylo Ren’s chest, feeling himself starting to become attached to the muse of his designs. His other hand snaked under his shirt and rubbed his nipple, the hem of his shirt clenched between his teeth and pants long since pooled around his ankles. Saliva started to drench his shirt as he became more furious with his movements. His eyes scanned around the room to find some sort of lubricant to assist his hand. He looked around helplessly until a bottle was thrown precariously towards him. Kylo Ren nodded his thanks at Ben and squeezed a generous amount onto his crotch, his large hand lathering his length before resuming his thrusts into his palm. The mid-morning sunlight streamed through the window, causing the sweat on Rey and Ben as well as Kylo Ren’s cock to glisten. Each of them let out their own moans, breathy and deep, all desperate for release. The synchronicity of the couple was obvious, both their eyes locking on Kylo Ren and watching the sexbot desperately trying to finish. As Ben rubbed her clit in circles, Rey was able to let out a shaky moan before Ben pulled out and painted her torso with his cum. He let out throaty gasps as hot streaks sputtered from his cock, bracing himself on the mattress as he squeezed the last drop of cum out. With her eyes still watching Kylo Ren, Rey dipped a finger in the pool of cooling cum on her stomach and gave it a lick. She re-dipped her fingers and filthily lapped at the cum that dripped from her digits. Kylo Ren watched as her fingers disappeared into her mouth, the girl greedily taking in the white fluid. She crooked her finger towards him and beckoned him forward. Trying his best not to stumble, Kylo Ren positioned himself above Rey’s face, giving her access to his sack. It only took a few teasing licks and the foreign touch of her hand to pump out the artificial ejaculate, the clear liquid mixing with the already cooling cum on her stomach like a canvas. With a final lick of the dripping cum from the tip, Rey sighed in content at her two boys. Kylo Ren panted at the whole ordeal and lifted his head to look at Ben, who watched him with hawkish eyes. Slinging an arm around Ben’s shoulder for stability, Kylo Ren gave his neck a soft kiss. “My Master.” Notes: Let's see how long I can keep this up Chapter 2 Notes: Here's a quick update as a thanks for the comments/kudos! I wasn't sure how well received this would be since it's quite out there :/ Hot shallow breaths left Ben’s mouth as he struggled against the fabric that bound him to the chair. He knew he shouldn’t have put his foot in his mouth but he didn’t realise it at the time when he made the passing comment to Rey. She had glared at him, taking none of his shit, and tied him up using his own ties . Ben would have hung his head in embarrassment if not for his girlfriend making out with his sexbot double. He had to agree with her, it was sexy and this sort of thing did turn him on - he just regretted not being about to join in. He moved his wrists experimentally, seeing if he could wriggle his way out of his restraints but was unsuccessful. A sigh left his mouth as he accepted his fate: to be blue balled by Rey as Kylo Ren eagerly moved to please her. Blindfolded and ordered not to move, Kylo Ren sat across from Ben, his senses buzzing, trying to get a hint of what his mistress had planned. He had seen his new master get tied up before the black fabric obstructed his sight and felt slightly sorry for him. With both of them like this, Rey was in complete control. She surveyed her boys, unsure of who to taste first. Smirking, she blew softly behind Kylo Ren’s ear, causing the poor bot to jolt in surprise. With a tentative lick, her tongue slid from behind his ear to the base of his neck, her lips pressing gently against the artificial skin. Listening to the sound of shaky breathing fill the room, as quietly as she could, she squatted in front of Kylo Ren and gave his nipple a quick lick. The brown pebbling skin hardened at the sudden contact of cold air after being licked, Rey grinning as she played and flicked the nipple. She titled her head back to give Ben a quick wink before pushing Kylo Ren onto his back. Straddling the sexbot’s strong body, Rey grinded down on the erection, both of their underwear just a thin barrier from their flesh meeting. Once she was satisfied with the firmness of the straining cock, she moved up and hovered above his mouth, shucking off her underwear in the process and letting the musk of her scent fill his nostrils. With a brave lick, Kylo Ren’s tongue darted out blindly, Rey’s naked pussy being so close drove him wild. At the contact of her cunt’s lips, he sucked strongly, her labia caught in the intake of air. Rey braced herself against the wall and observed the blindfolded robot greedily suck on her lips, heat pooling in her stomach at his talented tongue. She let out a whine when she felt the leathery tongue dip inside, her juices coating her inner thighs as he sloppily ate her out. Ben watched, enraptured at the sight of Rey being eaten out by his double. Her hair loose and wild, the ends flicking against her back as her body bounced to the rhythm of the vulgar smacking of her cunt lips against Kylo Ren’s tongue encompassing the room. His knuckles started to turn white when Rey looked over her shoulder at him and let out a long whine. “ Reeeen .” He felt his heart freeze at her tease, every fibre within him wanting to break out and take her from behind, wanting to grip her hips as he pounded into her small body. As if sensing his rebellious thoughts, Rey slipped off the eager mouth, ignoring the protest Kylo Ren made at her absence, and tugged at the blindfold. With his sight restored, he watched Rey slink towards Ben and settle in front of his straining cock. She smiled cheekily and nibbled on the appendage through his soft underwear. She motioned Kylo Ren to join her, pulling Ben’s erection from its confines. She rubbed the flesh between her hands, rolling the silky smooth skin teasingly as she felt Kylo Ren’s presence behind her. She lifted herself up on her knees and titled her lower torso up invitingly. Ben’s pupils dilated as he watched the sexbot settle behind her and penetrate her inviting pussy, the sound she made causing Ben to thrust up in defiance. Rey let out a shaky laugh at the unfamiliar cock buried in her and got to work on the throbbing erection in front of her. With a firm grip, she playfully hit the tip against her tongue that hung from her mouth obscenely. She would give it a long swipe every now and then, eyes glittering at Ben’s choked sob. His eyes slid up to Kylo Ren, pleading for some assistance even though he wasn’t sure what the sexbot could do. Rey Niima was Kylo Ren’s first mistress but Ben Solo was his first master. Both held an equal place in his steel heart. With a rough snap of his hips, Kylo Ren caught Rey off-guard at his sudden roughness, allowing for Ben to slip the majority of his length past her soft lips. The warmth of her mouth surrounding his length made Ben throw his head back in pleasure, getting a taste of Rey’s pert and skillful mouth. On his knees and thrusting rapidly into Rey, Kylo Ren bent over the curvature of her back, nuzzling into her soft skin. He dragged his teeth over her flesh and looked up at Ben. He shifted to his left and let his mouth meet Ben’s inner leg, biting him friskily. The sight of his doppelganger thrusting wildly into the small form of Rey while being gently bit almost sent Ben over the edge. The final act of Rey pushing forward for his complete length to slide punishingly down her throat made him see stars. He gripped the wooden armrests painfully at the sensations: the deep throating and the biting. With a blind and clumsy thrust, Ben came with a moan, his eyes darkening as Rey who drank the cum greedily. He panted as his softening appendage slipped from her mouth, a sliver of cum dripping from the corner of her lips. With the back of her hand, she wiped the excess away and clawed at Ben’s strong chest, her nails raking over the bumps of his abs. Kylo Ren doubled his power he put in his thrusts and reached under her, his two digits rubbing her clit with frantic need. Rey cried out at the building pressure in her, needing release. She let a throaty moan moments later, her head spinning from her orgasm. She slumped against Ben’s legs, Kylo Ren continuing to pound into her relentlessly for a few more moments before he too emptied himself in Rey’s reddening cunt. The pair of them collapsed against each other, their heads resting on Ben’s knees as the seated man lingered between sleep and wakefulness. He nodded lethargically at Kylo Ren, his movements sloppy and riddled with exhaustion. “Are you…enjoying your lessons so far?” Kylo Ren’s light laughter interjected the heavy panting that was immersing the room. “Very much so, Master.” Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the First Order Solutions series