He’s hit by it. Every single time that he feels the pull, it’s not a light tug. It’s a gigantic ship in the middle of hyperspace, rushing at him faster than he could ever comprehend. The feeling sends him reeling over, grabbing for the nearest stable structure to steady himself on so that everything he’s grown accustomed to isn’t ripped right from under his shoes. Everything that he’s worked for held dangling in front of him while something grabs at his heart and twists, squeezing at it and trying desperately to pull him right back to where he had started. Each time is the same. He walks through the corridor with his General by his side. The General’s boots click against the metal floor as he walks briskly alongside the Knight of Ren. One moment, he’s grumbling out all of the changes he wants to make to the General’s plan of action. He’s grabbed onto the General’s shoulders the next moment, dragging them both to the ground. The General escorts him personally to sick bay. The famous captain of the FN squadron walks him to his departing shuttle to Starkiller Base from the Finalizer , ordered to accompany him. She does, with no hesitation despite the recent rumors about the knight’s strange spells. She disregards what her General had recounted, taking his story with a grain of salt, for the General and the Knight has never quite gotten along. Perhaps, she thought, it was a ploy to get the Knight to be forced to leave on a psychological account, but everyone knew that never happened. Not in The Order. When it hits the Knight again this time, he falls to a kneel, steadying himself quickly. The Captain understands what is happening; Her General had not been telling mere stories. She was wrong to have doubted him, she concludes as she carries the Knight off, back to sick bay. The doctors would surely find what was wrong with him this time. The Knight is alone, in his quarters. He stares at his grandfather’s melted helmet, deformed. His mask sits on the floor behind him near the door, forgotten. The Knight looks with pleading eyes at his grandfather’s mask, lips tight. “Forgive me. I feel it again. The call from the light,” he whispers, eyes cold and focused on what he had left of his grandfather. “Supreme Leader senses it. Show me again the power of the darkness, and I’ll let nothing stand in our way.” An exhale comes from behind the Knight’s head, puffing cold air onto his ear, barely noticeable, like a ghost. Supreme Leader said ghosts didn’t exist. They were lies told by the Jedi. “Show me, grandfather,” he continues, voice sharpening and eyes darkening, “and I will finish what you started.” In that moment, he hears the voice of an unfamiliar man, the tones gently and the volume of it almost unnervingly quiet in the large space of his quarters. “You lose yourself, Ben.” And again, the knight drops to a kneel, grabbing the pedestal his grandfather’s ashes sit upon, reeling from the ship rushing at him at hyperspeed, calling him to the light. He takes in a shaky breath, desperately tries to bring himself to the archives to search for holorecordings of Anakin Skywalker’s voice. This time, the Knight drags himself into sick bay. Maybe they’ll find the problem this time.