Comfortable with each other The sun has gone and the darkness has already come, replacing every hint of light in every corner. He was wondering when his life ended and when that curse begun, the same question he made to himself every night he wakes up. Even if he had an immortal life, everything he once loved was faded and dead and now he was completely alone, walking in a world that constantly changes, with no one there to hear his screams or his pain. But that particular night something in the air was different, he could smell an essence he has never smelled before, and is not like he was busy enough to say he wouldn't chase that new essence. He can barely tell if it was human, but at least he had something to do rather than stay there doing nothing like every single fucking night. He walked fast, no in an unnatural kind of fast, but fast. He could feel the anxious growing within him the closer he got to the essence. It wasn’t something familiar, even if he wasn’t able to remember much of his past. That essence was something new for him, no like the smell of blood or perfume, it was sweet. He entered in a lonely park, it was late at night and he wondered how someone could be in that place at that time. Hiding behind a tree, he searched for the person who owned the unusual essence. Something about it was driving him crazy and like a bloody desire, he needed to know. But for his disappointment, there was nobody. - Searching for someone? The man in front of him made him gasp at the suddenly interruption, but then he recognized the essence he could smell before, coming from the other. -Who are you? He asked and the other one just raised his shoulders giving less than importance to the question. -That would be my question. You’re chasing me. After a moment of silence, where both of them looked into the eyes of the other, Hux spoke, unnerved. -I’m Hux and for the record, I wasn’t chasing you. The other man stared at him for a couple of seconds and then he spoke too. -I’m Kylo, and I could sense you since you got in here. That’s why I thought you were chasing me. Others had come trying to chase me like a deer on hunting season, tried to kill me, but all failed. -Well… Kylo, nice to meet you, and I’m not here to try kill you. Just for you know. Kylo was tall, as much as he, black haired and with deep blue eyes, pale as porcelain, the same skin he had but on him was much nicer. Hux took sit on a park bench, letting out a whisper, relaxing himself but staring at the other man. -Why are you here then? -Nothing important. I thought you were someone I used to know. -We have never met before. -That’s why I said “I thought” Kylo stood there, near to the tree, looking at nothing in particular but he seemed confused and a little bit dizzy, like something weird was going on his mind. -Hux, since when are you like this? The ginger man raised an eyebrow on confusion but he answered after a moment. -I don’t know, can’t remember really, maybe years or decades. -Decades, huh? I guess I could say the same, I can’t even remember when I was created. The moon light reached Kylo, washing him with soft light and Hux thought it was a sculpture he was looking at. Kylo looked like a perfect sculpture, beautiful, dressed all in black clothes, with his slim body and his long and wavy hair. -Who created you? Do you remember? –Hux asked, regretting cut that moment, but he needed to know. -Someone told me it was Snoke, the supreme leader of us who created me, but I can’t remember exactly and I don’t even know him. Hux sighed in disbelief, not because he was mad at Kylo for his response, it was the fact that the answer was always the same like the others. -They told me the same and then they left me, alone with myself, until I found you. -Me? -Yeah. -How’s that? I was included on your plans? -Kylo asked with an ironic smirk -No, I mean. It was your essence that made me got here, and well, I thought we could… you know… -Hux had never felt that stupid. Not even having words to tell Kylo that he didn’t want to be alone anymore and that now they could be together, at least to not be alone all the time. They had nothing in that world, not even others who cared about them, once they were turned into vampires they were left in a whole new world where other vampires tried to kill them and now, standing there, staring at each other, Hux could feel like Kylo was the right person to be with. -Yeah, we could fuck if you want it. Hux almost drowned himself when he heard what Kylo was suggesting. He obviously noticed that his latest words were misunderstood, and he wasn’t meaning nothing like that. But most important was the fact that Kylo looked so normal when he said that. It wasn’t like sex wasn’t a normal thing for him, even as a vampire, but there was something on the other’s voice which made him feel chills all over his body. But he rejected to agree at the proposition. -I wasn’t meaning nothing like that. -No? Huh… I thought, well… -No, no, no… -Ok, so… what are you suggesting we do? If it wasn’t because he was kind of “dead” maybe his face could have turned red, because he was embarrassed, but at least his face was normal and he didn’t want to look like a girl in front of someone she likes. -I don’t know… Maybe talk? I haven’t been with someone since hell knows how long. -I’m not much of a talker. There was a silent which stood there between the two vampires, both were looking at nothing, trying to remember how to be with someone was or felt like. Kylo thought about a lot of things he could tell to Hux but none of that came out of his throat, he just stood in silence for minutes till Hux finally sighed and lifted up from the bench. -Let’s walk, Kylo. –He told him and so he did. Walking was something he could do. They walked without talking, next to each other, shoulder to shoulder; watching with the unnatural power of his eyes everything that humans couldn’t see and they heard the night sounds, the glory music of things that humans couldn’t hear. They were comfortable with the other; their essences were compatible and were mixed in one. It was past midnight when they finally stopped, none of them were tired, since they couldn’t get tired or nothing. But they sat on a bench, again in deep silence till Hux’s voice cut off the atmosphere. -How is it? –He asked unnerved. -What? Hux pressed his lips before he let out the words on his mouth. -Sex… -Sex? You never…? -Like a vampire, no, never. I mean… I can’t even remember if when I was human I… you know… -How old were you when they turned you into a vampire? -Like… 24 or something… Kylo was astonished by that, he was 25 or 24 when he was turned, by now he had already lost count on his age, but even at his age he remembered have been with someone. He couldn’t remember who was, or his name, he could only remember black hair, curled, copper skin, strong arms, deep voice, nothing else, just that. -Well… I can show you, if you let me. -No, of course no! -Why? It’s not like you will get pregnant, or die because we already are dead. More than looking offended, Hux was embarrassed with himself for letting out his thoughts. Being around Kylo was something new, after being all alone it was unfamiliar to him, more than that, he barely knew him and they already were talking about pros and cons to having sex. -Not here. –He said after seconds. -Good, so where? -Come… Hux lifted up and walked with Kylo out of the park, they made his way to a building which was at a couple of streets away from the park. It was an old construction where most of his apartments were old and terrible. But for a vampire there wasn’t much of needs he needed to cover, that’s why he lived there. It gave him the anonymous he wanted and the rent wasn’t overloaded. He lived in the apartment at the end of the hall form the second floor and once they got there Hux took off his black jacket but Kylo didn’t. -You live here? -Kylo asked, watching how perfectly the apartment was arranged. In one shelf near to the bed were a lot of books organized by alphabetic order, and in the night stand were another books besides the night lamp. The bed was made, covered with black velvet sheets and even if the building was awful, he easily can see how Hux managed to make his apartment like a truly place to live, with hints of simplicity elegance. -Yes, why? -I wasn't expecting nothing like this at all. -What? You were expecting like coffins and old vintage gothic stuff, things like that? Kylo smirked slightly and he reached Hux to put a hand on his head and disarrange his perfect hair. -Don’t you dare to do that again –Hux complained for the behavior of the other man. -Calm down. -Is not alike where you live? -I don’t have a home. Hux pressed his lips uncomfortable, or more like ashamed for asking something like that so abruptly -It’s ok. Most of us don’t have any place to live and it doesn’t matter. We are not normal people, you know? We are vampires, monsters who people are afraid of. We live through the blood of humans, we’re evil and that’s ok to me. -But that doesn’t mean we have to live like caveman. -You’re so annoying. -Annoying? What? Like how or why? -You’re too elegant and delicate to be a vampire. I cannot figure it out how you get any blood to live. -Well, fuck you, fuck you all the way off. -I’m looking to fuck you tonight. -Like I will allow you to do so. -Oh, my dear and elegant Hux, you will. Chapter 2 : Pain and pleasure as a pay back Summary: Please, please, please! Mind the tags! Some bloody sex ahead! Hux took a step back from Kylo, he looked so serious and real about his words and Hux couldn’t even stand his stare because it was fierce, full of something Hux couldn’t explain. It was hard to look at him, trying not to feeling like he was getting caught in the atmosphere of that man because it was very different for everything he had known and for a stupid reason he can’t comprehend, he didn’t want to fall, so deep he could lose himself on those blue eyes which made him feel like he was alive. He was afraid to feel. -You were the one who suggested coming to your apartment. -I know, just let me think. Kylo turned his eyes in a desperate look. He was everything but patience and even if he recognized that Hux was a beautiful man, he wasn’t going to handle his doubts, because he always had been related to not waiting anything, not even a person. Hux pressed his lips again, the same way Kylo had seen since they met in the park. He liked that gesture on him though. Hux looked like unsure of something, but at the same time he looked like he was trying to figure it out how to start with that. Kylo could see his desire and feel it too. It was in the way Hux smelled and looked, all confused and almost dizzy. -There is nothing to think. Hux gasped all of a sudden, Kylo was on his back, grapping his arms around his waist and resting his chin on his shoulder. He could feel Kylo’s breathe on his neck and that sending chills on his body, something he didn’t know he could felt till that moment. It was like he almost had forgotten how things felt when you are with somebody who holds you tight. -Don’t be afraid. –Kylo told him and he moved his head on negative. -I’m not afraid. –But his voice did not sound like he wanted. Kylo kissed him on his bare neck, just like the way he used to kiss his victims when he was on hunting, trying to feed himself with blood of some girl or guy he could find without a lot of fight. But this was completely different; he could felt his whole body reacting to the action. He tensed when he felt Kylo’s fangs and he almost complained but nothing happened after that. Kylo didn’t bite him, he just continued doing whatever he was doing on his neck, sniffing his skin and kissing him like it was some candy. He closed his eyes, allowing Kylo to take the pace between them, although he thought that it wouldn’t be anything relaxing or slow, but it was ok for him, at least this time. He needed the adrenaline on his body, rushing every inch of his nerves and conscious thoughts. Kylo took him to the bed, caught in a slow dance where his hands were under his shirt, a grey old shirt he stole from some shitty place about a month ago or so. Lying on the bed he looked at the ceiling, his clothes were disappearing and he couldn’t feel it, the only thing he could focus in that moment was the cold hands of Kylo, his rude hands almost breaking his clothes. He opened his legs to allow him between them, to get him near to him so he could see him. They shared a breathless kiss, passionate, full of lust, searching something on the other lips. But Kylo didn’t stop his job, he just continued throwing off of Hux the annoying clothe he was wearing. -Is not… fair… -Hux managed to say when he was liberated from the kiss. -What is not fair? –Kylo responded with a tease on his voice. -Take off your clothes too. Hux heard how Kylo laughed a bit while he was licking his chest and before he gave him an answer he bitted him on his right nipple which made him groan. -Don’t complain you’re annoying. Kylo pressed his fingers around his neck, chocking him with a devilish smile and Hux could have drowned but he only felt some pain because it wasn’t like he needed the air since he didn’t breathe for living. After a few seconds Kylo left his neck and he incorporated taking off his damn jacket with a fast move and then his black shirt, both clothes were forgotten in the pit of the bed. Hux stared at him, he wasn’t going to deny how good Kylo looked, while he had a slim body, Kylo was fucking shredded. He had a thin body, but he was shredded as fuck, with some scars here and there, maybe scars from his past battles. Hux didn’t know that vampires could get scars and he doubted that Kylo got those on his past life. It was clearly from his recent battles, or at least he could say, because of the thing Kylo told him back when they were in the park. -Good view? -Shut up Once again their lips met together, dancing with the other with all tongue and teeth in that kiss, Hux pressed his hands on Kylo’s shoulder, testing the skin and it felt like velvet under his fingers. He caressed his chest, one of his hands traveling around his tensed muscles, pectorals, abdomen, feeling everything and then he put his hands on his back and with gentle strokes he made his way on the back of the black haired man. Kylo was like a daydream, but he pretty much knew that a daydream like they were, was equal to a nightmare. He moaned between the other’s lips and they separated after a few more moments, Kylo was already hard and Hux could feel it in the way he was rubbing on his ass, but he didn’t care, in fact he was enjoying as he had never done before. Things turned on a whole new level when he pulled back the other man, made him lay on his back with a fast movement, Kylo didn’t seem angry though, it was more like he was enjoying himself. -That was rude… -He said and Hux smirked once and then he disappeared down to business. The ginger man broke off Kylo’s belt and then he managed to taking off the buttons from the black pant he was wearing. Kylo hissed when he felt a pair of cold hands jerking him off, which made him shiver with pleasure. He holds from Hux’s hair, tightening his hair on his right hand and with his left hand he pressed Hux’s shoulder, marking him as he ripped a bit the pale skin. Hux complained a bit, but he continued anyways with his job, using his fingers to masturbate Kylo. It was merely seconds when he used his mouth to do the job and Kylo tensed and relaxed almost at the same time, letting out little sounds like moans or gasps but nothing else. -Fuck –Kylo gritted his teeth at the moment when Hux squeezed his cock with more force, didn’t even mind the pain, he really liked but that made him angry and he forced Hux to face him. –Don’t do that again. -Sorry, sir, do you want me to do anything else? –Hux’s voice was soft and full of lust but with hints of sarcasm that made things more interesting and Kylo couldn’t contain his smile. He rested his head on the bed, feeling the wet and hot mouth on his hard on, making him feel like never before. He had had some sex partners in the past, one night stands who were enough brave to be with him and then, in the morning after that, he never seen them again and that was ok for him, he never needed someone at his side, being alone was good for him, but with Hux everything changed, every touch, every kiss, was different from any others. And that made him mad. -Get up… -Kylo forced the ginger to get up with more force than usual, he pressed down the man onto the bed, pushing him from his shoulders and then he kissed him, full fierce, without allowing him to complain. He bite and sucked the other’s lips, hearing how many moans he could contain on his throat before he let him. His hands didn't lose any time and he caressed one leg. Those pair of long legs drove him crazy, his skin was soft and for the first time he knew how a warm body felt under his touch. -What was all that about? –Hux said catching his breath after that kiss. His lower lip was bleeding and he noticed it for the well-known smell of blood. Kylo did not care about his complaining; he just kept going, kissing and biting his neck, every time with more force than the others. He got closer to his chest, licking and biting more than caressing his skin and then he stopped on one of his nipples and the sudden action made him let out a moan. He trembled, as much as he wanted to deny it, it felt good, every part of his body reacted with that and he wanted to feel it more and more, but he wasn’t going to give him the privilege of hear him beg for something. The smell of blood had surrounded the room even if it was just a little coming from his lower lip, but that seemed to be enough for Kylo to go crazy and in a moment of dizziness when he was more in his thoughts, the bite on his neck made him came back in reason, but it was too late, he could feel how Kylo’s teeth were on him, his fangs breaking his skin, letting out his blood, same blood Kylo sucked once but no more. Hux didn't say anything, he put his hand on the other's shoulders and he buried his nails on his skin, he tensed his tights, his body was praying to be fucked, his cock ached and he never thought he would like pain mixed with pleasure, but he did. Hux tasted himself on Kylo’s lips at the moment he kissed him, his blood was sweet and that made him get more excited for a weird reason he couldn’t explain. -You like that? –Kylo asked near to his ear and then he bite him again but less intense, though he was sure that would left some marks to cover. Hux felt how one of the other man’s hand went down on his tights, at first Kylo took care of his hard on to make him gasp or maybe beg, he only moaned for the realize he was getting but then a hint of disappointment made him sigh and one moment later he spread his legs and lifted up his hips when without warning, Kylo pushed a finger inside of him. He almost screamed in disbelief more than pain, pain was good, enjoyable at some point, but then again Kylo was being rude and all brutal and pushed another finger on his entrance, that one ached more, his body was trembling and his tights and lower part were tensed. -Relax… -Kylo whispered on his ear, kissing and biting his neck again. He was covered on sweat and his own blood so there was no way he was going to relax anytime soon. But after a few more strokes inside of him, he felt his entrance being more comfortable with Kylo’s fingers inside. -Just like that… -Kylo… shut up… He had his hands holding onto Kylo’s back, pressing his nails and letting red marks all over, when he felt like he was reaching the edge of pain he made a new pair of marks, he wanted to bite him as well but he was containing himself of doing it because he was more conscious than Kylo. -What are you doing? –He asked once he felt how his entrance was slick and his legs were trembling, even his voice was different, something was making him tremble and panting like a jelly. But after seconds Kylo didn’t answer the question and a new wave of pain and heat reached him and he lifted his waist and his spine curved like a bow, his mouth was open and he shouted his eyes till he saw lights on his eyelids. He wasn’t warned of the sudden action, his whole body received pain, full and fierce pain rushing him and causing he lost his breath. It had been long, much too long since the last time he'd done this. The feeling of being so full, forced to the edge of pleasure and pain was something that he relished, but rarely would let himself enjoy. But Kylo was so rude with him, not like he didn’t like though, it was different His nails were pressed on the other’s back and this time he hurt him while his body was being shaken for a series of feelings mixed like lust, pain, and joy. When he finally managed to catch his breath once again and retract his nails, his lower lip was bleeding more than the last time because of the bite he made to himself when trying to get through the pain his body was experiencing. Kylo was staring at him, searching his eyes while he waited. -are you ok? -You’re so… so stupid…. Damn… I can’t… -His voice was chocked still for the recent move. -You’ll be okay, relax… -I can’t relax with your cock inside of me! Hux complained once again, but he was eager to continue even with the pain. Kylo didn’t warn him in the moment he decided to fuck him with a clean and strong stroke that made him shiver and groan in both disbelief and ache. But still he gave him some credit for being able to make him feel so many thing he had forgotten from his past life. Always alone in a world which he wasn’t part of it, walking night by night, trying to get blood to survive and no more. Felt like his life was getting a new purpose or something. Pain was good. Pleasure even more. And Kylo could give him those things. Even if they were wicked inside, they were fucked up in the same way and maybe they could get along with that. -Move… -Hux groaned and Kylo kissed him on the lips, a short kiss before giving him a stroke that made him moan. Their breaths were mixed in different tones and decibels, Hux moaned every time Kylo pushed a harsh stroke inside of him, and Kylo groaned when the other man pressed his inner muscles which sent waves of pleasure on his body. Every new and sharp thrust Kylo gave him, was driving him to the edge of his climax. He wouldn’t last long enough as he wanted, but he was so freaking sure that this night was the best night of all his entire life. Kylo whispered things he couldn’t even remember because he was deep on the feeling of bittersweet pleasure. His lips were red and open, he must not allow Kylo bite him in that way, making him bleed from his neck or lips but he didn’t mind in that moment. Though he could feel it, how Kylo restrained himself to bite him more. Hux screamed without containing himself when one of Kylo’s thrust hit something inside of him. His muscles tensed and his legs were around Kylo’s hips. He couldn’t see Kylo’s face in that exactly moment but he was sure that he was smiling, because he made every thrust more slow but deep to reach out his spot dead on. -Kylo… Kylo I can’t… I… His name never sounded more beautiful. Hux’s voice was eager and he was panting harshly, closer to the edge of his release and even if he was a little sadist, this time he would allow him to come, since it was their first time together and everything. And so he took care of Hux’s shaft to stroke him fast, helping him out to reach his release, wanting to feel how warm and thigh he could get inside. Hux hold on in the sheets and his body tensed at the moment his climax hit him full force, his hand ripped of some skin on Kylo’s back and his fangs were on the bare neck. He tasted Kylo’s blood and it was sweet, he liked how it tasted but he didn’t sucked it more than once, though now he was covered on the other's blood. Kylo didn’t stop his thrust, he frowned his brows, the muscles on his arms were extremely tensed as the way he was fucking Hux through the bed instead of just on it. He hold up one leg and hit him two or three more times till his climax sent new waves of full heat and intense pleasure. He came inside of Hux who was panting and moaning still, enjoying his own orgasm. The velvety and warm feel was enough to Kylo for reaching out the edge. Hux was beautiful in every kind of way. Maybe, just maybe it was time to set his immortal life with someone and Hux looked like the right monster to be with.