Take Warning How You Court Young Men The hallway that lead to the Holochamber where audiences with the Supreme Leader were held was a long and narrow one. Claustrophobically so, especially compared with the spacious and lofty chamber. There was the platform before the dark, hazy hologram, the narrow catwalk, and then beyond the blast doors was this ridiculous hall. Hux supposed he could look up an accurate measurement, but if he was asked to give an estimate, he would say it was about fifty feet from the entrance of the chamber to the end of the hall where the guards were stationed. Hux questioned the necessity of such a long hall, not to mention the guards. One would think the notion of angering the head of the First Order, a being who could control mystical forces and asphyxiate a man with a thought would be deterrent enough. What sort of idiot would burst into Supreme Leader Snoke’s private audience chamber, hack the communications controls, and bother such a powerful man on a whim? Still, the design was what it was, and General Hux was not going to question it. Not verbally, at any rate. His place was to obey, not to question, when it came to anything involving the Supreme Leader. When his most recent audience with Snoke had ended, Hux left the chamber, grateful to step into a decently lit area again, and he gave himself permission to breathe freely again as he took quick strides down the hall. Even if there was no practical purpose for it, Hux found the walk gave him just enough time to steel his nerves again and refocus on what needed to be done. Engineering was behind schedule. Casualties had left several platoons in need of fresh Stormtroopers. Several consoles needed replacing after an unfortunate run in with Kylo Ren’s Lightsaber. As for the Knight of Ren, who had also been present, Hux ignored him. They only spoke when necessary and the moments after their audiences with the Supreme Leader were no different. Outside of exchanging tense, curt, orders or sharing information, they never spoke and certainly never went out of their way to seek out the other’s company. They would walk away and be content if they did not have to interact until their next meeting. Which was part of the reason it was so shocking when Hux suddenly could not move his legs. He had been midstride, balanced precariously on the toes of one foot and the heel of the other. His first instinct was to fight the invisible bonds that held him in place, the second was to look down and make sure his body was still attached. He tried to look down at least but found he could not move. His face remained fixed, staring straight ahead. Hux continued his attempts to struggle as he heard the blast doors close behind him. He could hear another pair of boots on the polished floors. He ought to have known it was Ren. His body jerked as he tried to turn to confront him, shout at him for having the audacity to use his strange magic on him. It was bad enough he used it on lower ranked officers and troopers who displeased him, but this was beyond the pale. Hux wanted to spin on his heels and deck Ren in his masked face. The footsteps stopped and Hux felt an unfamiliar warmth radiating behind him. How close was Ren? He wanted to turn and check, but his neck had other ideas. He was the furthest from amused he had ever been in his life. He tried to bark his displeasure at Ren. “R…n…” So his tongue and jaw were being held as well. Just how much of his body could Ren shut down? His lungs? His heart? His brain? His anger was checked by fear as the thought of Ren being able to give him an aneurism without lifting a finger suddenly occurred to him. “General,” Ren said at last. Hux tried to ignore the warmth at his back. He focused on Ren’s voice. It was different, lighter, breathy, though that might have been because he was keeping his voice low. He heard something that sounded like a sniffle and hoped Ren did not have a bloody cold. The last thing he needed was Ren literally snivelling all over him. Hux tried to reply. He tried to say something flippant and witty. It came out as a string of strangled consonants through gritted teeth, “R…l…g…” He saw something through the corner of his eye. Long, slender fingers approaching the side of his face. Hux tried to move, wanted to move as he watched them out of the corner of his eye. He had seen Ren read minds before. He knew what was happening. Hux had no experience with this Force or how to defend against it, but he had a feeling that the loudest thoughts were the ones Ren would hear first. His mind snapped back to self defense classes. If an opponent had every advantage; distract or stun the assailant to break free and make a hasty retreat. Hux thought as loudly as he could on an image or train of thought that might throw Ren off if he penetrated his mind. He brought every atrocity he had ever witnessed in battlefield simulations to the surface of his mind. It seemed to work. Ren faltered and the fingers drew back slightly. Hux would have smirked if he could move his lips. He thought harder, more violent, something that Ren would not want to sift through, something so foul that it might just break his hold. That was when it happened. Ren touched him. His fingers settled over Hux’s temple with disturbing and entirely unwelcome gentleness. It ought to have been nothing. In any other circumstance with anybody else Hux would have had them court marshaled and sent for reconditioning. But here, being held fast, Hux could not even squirm. He fought harder, and in his desperation his thoughts became less focused. He felt a strange tingling sensation run down his spine and across his shoulders. Unable to move he was hyperaware of everything. Ren’s fingers. The rhythm of his breathing. Not muffled, he must have taken that stupid helmet off. Heat was still seeping through his coat and into his skin. Ren was roughly two inches taller than Hux. Three with the helmet and three and a half with the hood. He seemed much larger than that now. Hux could feel him breathing, close to his left ear, sending more of those shivers down his back. More than that, Hux could swear he could feel Ren’s eyes on him, and he disliked it immensely. His breath hitched involuntarily as Ren’s fingers moved, snaking from his temple through the hair just over his ear. They were shaking. Hux tried to focus on that. Ren’s hand was shaking. Like a child, he must have been testing the limits of what he could and could not get away with. He must have known somewhere in that thick, helmeted skull of his that this was far beyond what would be tolerated. The knight continued, raking his trembling fingers through Hux’s hair, “For all your efforts, your rank, your training, you can’t resist me.” Hux desperately wanted to shake off Ren’s hand as it trailed down to the nape of his neck. Ren’s face came into view through the corner of Hux’s eye. It was not the first time seeing his face, long, a large uneven nose, moles, hair that had long since outgrown regulation length. The look in his eyes caught Hux’s attention though. He was not making eye contact, an out of place display of submissiveness. His dark eyes would move up and down, glancing briefly at Hux’s face, ignoring the eyes before moving down again. It was hardly the look he expected from someone who had the upper hand. Ren continued, keeping his voice low, “You act like you’re more powerful than you are.” He knew he was still in danger, but Hux now felt more secure than he had been. Ren was clearly nervous, keeping out of the guard’s earshot, refusing to make eye contact, his hand, making another pass through his hair, was shaking. Whatever this was, vindictive, gloating, or experimental as it was, it did not seem likely to end in violence. That was a small comfort though as Ren’s face moved closer, leaning down slightly to look straight at his face. Ren’s nerves were causing him to breathe loudly through his mouth, to constantly purse and chew at his lips, eyes flicking up and down skittishly as he petted the General. The great Kylo Ren had subdued him with all his mystical strength to stroke his hair and whisper idle threats? If this this was a power trip it was a strange one. Ren seemed more nervous than pleased with his actions. Why would he do this if he disliked it? Hux thought about the beating he would lay on Ren if only he could get his limbs free. “Stop,” said Kylo, warningly, “You know you can’t fight this.” He’s saying that, but everything in his body language speaks to the contrary, Hux thought to himself, careful to try to keep his analysis quiet. Thankfully Ren did not seem to notice those thoughts and continued, “You have no idea how infuriating it is to hold back.” Then what was he hesitating for? It was as if Ren was trying to convince himself of the truth in his words. Hux tried to break off the connection again. He thought of his old drill instructor screaming in his face. It was not as violent as what he had used before, but it was sharp and sudden enough a noise that it briefly startled Ren into flinching away. “Stop,” Ren hissed. He reached out and tilted Hux’s jaw. They were face to face now, but Ren’s eyes kept dipping down or darting to the side. He was frustrated, clearly, but there was something else. Kylo wanted something, or had something to say, but he was hesitating. The suspense and curiosity drove Hux more insane than the finger Kylo used to trace his mouth. Ren continued, “Be quiet, I’m trying to…” Trying to what? There was nothing to be gained from this, nothing at all. He wondered briefly, if he could startle Ren perhaps he might get enough leverage to bite his fingers. It would be undignified, but it was all he had to work with. Ren’s hand trailed downwards and Hux tried to think of anything that was not the prospect of being strangled. He thought of the time a TIE fighter nearly crashed into the bridge, the fear as it suddenly hurtled towards him and the scramble to get the gunners to shoot it down before it collided into them. Ren’s eyes narrowed and his fingers closed around Hux’s throat, “Stop!” There was another sudden shift. Ren almost immediately loosened his grip, hands shaking again as he pulled back and stroked Hux’s jawline with the back of his fingers, almost apologetically. He went back to breathing heavily through his mouth and averting his eyes. “You can’t fight me,” said Ren, his voice slightly higher pitched than it usually was. Nerves would do that. His fingers trailed down and hooked into Hux’s collar, “You know you can’t win, so…let…let me…" Oh. Oh ... Hux’s eyes widened. This frightened him. More so than being killed, which made no sense at all. He had never been faced with this scenario and had never prepared for it. He had never assumed anyone would have the strength or audacity to hold him down and force themselves on him. He knew it happened to other people, but he never imagined he would be singled out as a target. That he would ever be weak enough to be selected as a victim. And why was Ren hesitating? He clearly had few to no moral scruples. He could kill anyone who caught him in the act, or scramble their brains beyond functionality so what? Was it the scenario itself? In classes on behavioural analysis Hux had learned that felons who operated based on ritual or trying to recreate a fantasy would not, could not, act unless everything was perfect. ‘Let me.’ He remembered the strain in Ren’s voice. That must have been it. Kylo was waiting for consent. If he held out long enough, resisted enough, then perhaps… Hux focused his thoughts, ‘No . I don't want this. ’ “You’ll like it,” Kylo whispered insistently. Hux wondered which of them he was trying to convince. The knight raised his hand raked it through Hux’s hair again, “I can feel how much you enjoy it when I do this.” Whether or not he had enjoyed the first human contact outside of the odd handshake he had felt in years was irrelevant. Hux tried again, in his desperation rambling disjointedly, ‘ I don’t like this, I don’t want this. There is no point to this. Why are you -’ “Because you act so damned untouchable. Now...now you had better stop lying to me, General, or else…or else I'll...” That was likely the most childish thing Hux had ever heard, and if Ren had not been freezing him in place, threatening him and carressing him against his will, Hux would have laughed in his face. Perhaps if he had been able to Ren would have seen how ridiculous his behaviour was and might have backed off. Hux felt large, shaky hands slip under his arms to hold either side of his hips and all thoughts of laughing disappeared. He was thankful for the layers of uniform clothing that separated Ren from his skin. None the less, shivers shot down his back again. Hux felt small, powerless, and he hated it. His breath quickened. All he could do was repeat, ‘No! ’ He tried to keep them out of his thoughts, the ‘I don’t want this’ and ‘I don’t like this’ that Ren took so much umbrage to. He must have failed. A hand shot to his jaw to tilt his face up again, “I told you to stop lying!” Hux stiffened. Ren had not spoken, his lips had not moved. Ren was inside his head. Hux expected gloating. He expected Ren to show him moments of humiliation, pain, trauma, or some long buried weakness to be thrown in his face. He did not expect to see Ren’s thoughts and memories. Hux saw himself, as plainly as if he was looking in a mirror. There were feelings of frustration but they were mottled and twisted around attraction. Then curiosity. What did he feel like? What would he look like without that uniform? ‘No!’ Hux repeated. He focused on it, just the one word, as strong as he could make it. Ren was becoming more frustrated and now Hux could feel disjointed emotions bouncing around in his mind. Lust, embarrassment, fear...and longing. The thoughts assaulted Hux’s brain relentlessly, all of them accompanied by short, blurred, dreamt up images. Kisses, touching, the eeriness of what Ren thought it would sound like when he moaned. Ren’s voice sounded in his head, “Stop fighting me!” Hux pushed through it all, the confusion of standing face to face with Ren while his other senses were convinced he was laying on his back. Ren’s hands, white hot on his side and neck, Ren’s thoughts and feelings of desire being implanted in his mind. All obstacles to break through as he concentrated as hard as he could. ‘I. SAID. NO .’ Kylo stopped. Had he won? Ren’s hands remained on his side and the back of his neck. His dark eyes flashed to the side, but without hesitation. It was as if he were looking at something, someone, listening intently. He glanced back at Hux, briefly, before turning his eyes back to whatever it was that had his attention. Ren sighed, a childish, dejected noise and took his mask from his belt. In doing so he took his hands off of Hux, who would have shivered from the sudden cold if he had been able. “My master says I’m not to distract you,” said Ren, coldly, clinically, nothing like before. He gave Hux one final look before replacing his mask, “We’ll discuss this later.” He turned on his heel and was a good twenty paces ahead before Hux lurched forward, stumbling into a standing position after being released. Immediately he brushed his hair back into place, trying to erase the feelings of Ren’s hands on him before he replaced his cap. It did not take long to calm himself, the ability to make decisions and stay focus under stress was imperative for an officer. He thought of what needed to be done and pushed all thoughts of Ren and what might have just happened between them aside. Engineering was behind, they needed double efforts to get back on schedule. Recruits needed to be sent for and deceasement notifications needed to be sent out. He moved forward, his breathing evening out. He checked the timestamp on the datapad in his pocket to see how much time had been wasted. Three minutes? Strange, it felt longer than that. The guards saluted as he passed, Hux waved his hand, a wordless command to continue as they were. Because that was all there was for it, wasn’t there? Don’t question it, move forward, and keep to schedule. Bonus Stupidity : Phasma clapped a hand to her forehead, causing a loud clang to sing out as her glove collided with her helmet. “Please tell me you didn’t try to seduce the General.” Ren was a blubbering mess, tears and snot pouring down his face as he pathetically whimpered, “I did…” Phasma sighed, “Well, at least you didn’t pin him down with the Force against his will and try to coerce him into-” Ren let out a gross sob and Phasma’s eyes widened in disbelief, “Oh…” Kylo was clutching a blanket and pillow under his arm. Guess he’s staying over tonight, Phasma thought to herself. She wondered though, “Lord Ren…what exactly made you think the General would like…that approach?” Ren released the pillow and blanket under his arms and pulled a small booklet from his belt. It had actual pages, it might have been an antique. Ren read aloud through hiccups and sobs, “Sometimes a girl starts off by saying you can’t do certain things but then she gets turned on and she changes her mind and lets you go to town. So keep trying, you never know when a no can turn into a yes.” He hiccupped, “I th-thought maybe h-he was p-playing hard to g-get.” That was the worst dating advice Phasma had ever heard. The author deserved to be dragged out into the streets and shot. Ren stood in the hall, clutching his very, very flawed manual and sobbing. He blubbered pathetically, “Can I stay with you tonight?” Phasma stepped out of the doorway and heaved another sigh, “Come in.” This was going to be a long night. Chapter 2 : Tell Me That First Token Notes: Shout out to my sushi buddy Countofeight for beta-ing. Also I think I accidentally stole your hoodie. Sorry. Fun fact: All the chapter names take their titles from Irish folk songs because I ran out of ideas. If you can guess which ones you're a fantastic person. If you can't...you're still fantastic! Hux did not deliberately avoid Ren. No more than he usually had, in any case. He made no alterations to his schedule to stay out of the knight’s way and did not seek him out for confrontation. When they did meet, he would practice surfacing thoughts. The second he saw Ren he would allow his eyes to narrow slightly as he willed his brain to think nothing but a loud and clear, ‘ No .’ He must have been getting better at it. He had come up from behind Ren, who must have been lost in his own thoughts, and gave his loud routine refusal. Ren had visibly flinched, as if startled by an explosion or blaster bolt. On that occasion Hux could not help smirking slightly. It was almost enough to make him forget that if Ren wanted to, he could have strangled Hux from across the room. The General glanced at the masked man as he passed, muttered a cold, polite, “Ren,” and was on his way. Sometimes it would cross his mind that Ren had had, and indeed probably still had the desire to bed him. As soon as the thought came to him, Hux would shove it aside and find something to check, monitor or update. He did not have time for Ren’s stupid, childish desires. It haunted his subconscious though. He had recurring dreams about being held down, unable to move, Ren bearing down on him, hands roaming over his body. It was nothing medication could not cure. A quick jaunt to the medical bay and one prescription later he returned to a regular, if short, sleep cycle and bland dreamless nights. Ren, for the most part, left him alone. At first he had imagined that he had been seeing Ren more frequently, but he was aware that it was common to have paranoid thoughts after being assaulted. When he stopped to think about it logically, he was seeing Ren no more often than he used to. His mind, now acute and sensitive to the dark presence, was causing Ren’s incidental nearness to stand out more. It was nothing but his mind tapping into a primitive defense mechanism. The knight, for his part, had not made any mention of nor attempted to repeat his actions after their audience with the Supreme Leader, despite his final threat. He did not project any thoughts or words into Hux’s head, though the General could not help but think Ren stared a little more than usual. Other than that, things between them continued as they always had. What was unusual was a plague of clumsiness that seemed to be sweeping through the ship. Lieutenant Decuna taking medical leave was the first Hux had noticed, but a quick glance at the list of absences showed unusually high numbers, and a diverse array of injuries. He glanced at the medical report, Decuna, Dagrun, broken leg, fell from a platform. Lecrocs, Famton, broken arm, fell from a platform. Nexus, Kan, shattered tibia, fell from a platform. Somehow, in five days, no fewer than fifteen men and women had fallen from platforms. Hux was of course aware of what ‘fell from a platform’ was code for. In the Academy cadets who had been fighting would blame their injuries on accidents. Better to be thought of as clumsy then get another cadet punished for brawling. Anyone who did admit to fighting was quickly informed by their fellow cadets that this was not the way of their pack. Usually this information was accompanied by missing teeth, broken limbs and sometimes something worse depending on how creative the antagonists were feeling. And if the fear of being beaten down by fellow cadets was not enough to keep someone silent, the humiliation that came with admitting one was weak enough to allow someone to injure them so badly, was. But that was then, this was now. They were not children, they were not half-witted teenagers, they were grown men and women, and Hux expected some degree of order and maturity from his crew. So suddenly all of his men were fighting. It was likely none of them would talk, having implicitly understood since childhood that speaking up would have worse consequences than any authority figure could dish out. Hux was in a bad enough mood to show them all what a flawed line of thinking that was. The only thing for it would be to look through the security footage. After giving security an earful of course. How on earth could they have missed this many brawls? Why on earth did they have security monitors and personnel to keep an eye on them if they were not going to do their jobs? Hux had half a mind to send them all to reconditioning. The security chief, a deceptively small brunette named Flax, nodded awkwardly before handing him a datapad with the requested footage. “This was the first I heard of it General, my men reported nothing,” said Flax, she faced forward, her large, expressive eyes only betraying slight fear as she added, “I have no excuses General, it was a complete oversight on our part.” “I want a list of the men who would have witnessed the fights,” said Hux. “Yes General,” said Flax, visibly biting back a protest. “Have any of your men demonstrated deviant behaviour like this in the past?” asked Hux, “Have any ever required reconditioning?” “None,” said Flax, “If this is an infraction, it would be the first for all of them.” “It is an infraction,” said Hux, causing Flax to flinch, “Not reporting disruptive behaviour, especially on this scale is a serious offense. Surely you know that.” “Yes General,” conceded Flax, “My apologies.” “If this happens again, you will be held personally responsible. Are we clear Sub-Lieutenant?” “Yes General, I’ll see this does not happen again.” ‘ She had better ,’ Hux thought to himself. He did not handle failure well, he never had. He was not going to allow any of his underlings to deliberately undermine him. Flax was going to be on thin ice for the foreseeable future. If she so much as sneezed out of turn she would be sent straight to reconditioning. Her men were not going to receive such mercy. The first opportunity Hux had to review the footage was that evening. Upon arriving in his quarters he had hung up his coat and immediately went straight to work on the datapad. He did not like to rest until all of his work was finished. Work was work and rest was rest, mixing the two by taking breaks had always thrown off his chain of thoughts. The first clip had been time stamped, five days ago, 0838 hours. Hux clamped a hand to his mouth when he saw the holovid unfold before him. It was a miniature, blue image of himself, standing, halted mid stride. A small hologram of Ren crept up behind him, removing his mask and hooking it into his belt. Suddenly Hux could see what Ren had been doing and his stomach turned. For a few seconds, Ren seemed to have deliberated over whether or not to touch the back of Hux’s head. He settled in painfully close and Hux watched the small Ren say something, then press his nose close to his scalp. He blanched and shuddered as he recalled the quiet snorting noise. He clenched his fists and kept watching. He felt he had to keep watching. If he looked away he would be weak. He had to accept that this had happened, that Ren had subdued him, and he had to learn from it. He recalled the thoughts he had used to repel Ren and watched the small knight’s reactions carefully. Battlefield thoughts had little effect, as did memories of intense emotion. The most effective seemed to be loud, sudden noises. Bringing other thoughts of complex scenarios or crescendos of emotions could stall him, but startling sounds or sensations had seemed best at repelling him. Hux watched the smaller version of Ren hold the smaller version of himself by the hip and the back of the head, staring intently. His mind went back to the visions in his mind, the sensations, the mental double vision. Hux felt heat rise to his cheeks. He was ashamed, angry, and he was not sure if those emotions were directed more at himself or at Ren. The holovid ended and immediately the next one followed. Hyperdrive technician Famton Lecrocs walked down the hall, eyes fixed straight ahead as he continued at a leisurely pace. Hux could understand security not wanting to report Ren’s bizarre assault on him, if not for the breach in protocol he might have been grateful that it had not been brought to Flax’s attention. Suddenly the hologram of Lecrocs was lifted off the ground, clutching his throat. Ren strode into view. Hux groaned. Of course it was Ren. This explained why the junior security officers had not wanted to get involved. None of them wanted to risk Ren’s wrath, even when faced with a serious reprimand for withholding information. They had seen the short work he made of Stormtroopers. The Ren hologram spoke. Hux set the volume higher and listened intently. “Strange thoughts you’ve been having lately.” Dammit he had told Ren to stay out of his crew’s minds. That had been a stipulation of his being on board. The small Lecrocs hologram was slammed into a wall. He screamed, cradling his arm. The next holovid started. It looked like Nexus, one of the new privates. Once again, Ren strode into view. “He’s not yours to think about!” Hux was startled by the outburst and pondered it as Nexus was seized and thrown off a platform. ‘He,’ so there was another party involved. It could be anyone from Darth Vader himself to that bizarre blond radar technician. Perhaps Decuna’s assault could reveal more. The lieutenant had been in what appeared to be a bathroom. Hux checked the time and location stamp, the bathroom on the upper deck at 1400 hours yesterday. If nothing else, Ren had been busy. Now if only that ethic could have been applied to more constructive things. Ren appeared, it was hardly a shock anymore. Lieutenant Decuna was lifted up, as Ren seized his throat and began to monologue, “Don’t think I haven’t seen you watching.” That narrowed down the list of potential ‘him’s. So far Decuna, Lecroc, and Nexus, along with about a dozen others all assaulted for a perceived slight against this ‘him.’ About fifteen men and two women, seemingly selected at random from all over the ship and all connected to Ren through this mysterious individual. It would take a lengthy interview process to find someone who all of them would have known about, an acquaintance they all had in common. Unless…oh flux… Hux rapidly crosschecked his schedule over the past five days with the list of victims. He would have been in their vicinity roughly a few hours before each assault took place. He groaned and wondered how it had taken him this long to notice. Hux went to the com link imbedded in the wall by his door and punched in the code to reach Kylo Ren. He heard a deep, doubly distorted voice, “Yes?” “My quarters, now !” barked Hux, slamming his fist down on the disconnect button. It took him less than a second to regret that. Ren needed to be punished for his actions, but Hux had no authority to do that. He could warn, he could advise, but ultimately any reprimand Ren would receive was up to the Supreme Leader. All Hux could do was nag, like a useless old housewife, for Ren to stop behaving like a child. He had no real power in this situation, this relationship. And yet here he was. “Seventeen members of my crew assaulted, injured and on sick leave. What do you have to say for yourself?” demanded Hux. Ren stood before him in his quarters, staring at him from behind that damned mask of his. Ren’s reply was infuriatingly flippant, “Seventeen members of your crew assaulted and injured, and it took you five days to figure it out. I think you have more pressing things to worry about General.” “I’ve seen the security footage,” Hux continued, deliberately ignoring the jab, “On whose behalf were you attacking them?” “You have a theory,” said Ren. Hux sucked in a breath, ready to project the sound of a Star Destroyer exploding into Ren’s mind. The knight seemed to sense it coming and quickly added, “I didn’t need to read your thoughts to see that.” “Well?” said Hux. Ren paced. Had he been one of Hux’s men the General would have ordered him shot on sight by now. The knight gazed at the wall, possibly through it for all Hux knew, and lazily answered, “They were fantasizing about you." Hux could only stare. Ren, for his part, stared back, but seemed to grow suddenly discomfited under the General’s disbelieving gaze. “It was only for a fraction of a second, and mostly subconscious, but I thought it best to take disciplinary action...” The words had tumbled out in a strange rush and Hux resisted the urge to slap his hand over his eyes. Ren had gone patrolling around the ship and punishing anyone having ‘mostly subconscious’ lewd thoughts that involved him. He growled, “That’s not your place Ren.” “Lord Ren, General,” corrected the knight, now stiff and haughty, “I anticipated your whim. You made it apparent how much you disliked being thought of in that way. I was doing you a favor General, you might be more grateful.” So this was how Ren was going to punish him for his constant mental jabs. “I disliked…” Hux began, trying to put his thoughts in order. To do that he had to think about what Ren had done. He hated recalling it, but pressed onwards, “What I disliked was being held against my will and having my mind invaded.” “So you don’t mind other people having… thoughts about you, so long as you never find out,” reasoned Ren. “Exactly,” said Hux. “Liar,” scoffed Ren, “You mind it. Quite a bit actually. So much so that you have to scream out a preemptive rejection whenever you see me. I had no idea you were so…skittish.” “And whose fault is that exactly?” demanded Hux, “I would be perfectly content if you hadn’t…” “Hadn’t what?” “You know what you did. I said my piece, you’ve been warned, consider yourself excused,” snapped Hux. “No, tell me General, what did I do?” asked Ren, turning to look at him, “Tell me how it felt to be reminded you weren’t a lifeless drone.” “Absolutely not,” said Hux. He was not going to play this game, he stared Ren down and curled his lip, “You wouldn’t have the nerve to speak to me that way without your silly mask.” “You know I was told I can do whatever I want with you so long as your mind and body are intact,” Ren pointed out matter-of-factly, “I don’t need your permission. You should be grateful I take it into consideration at all.” “Weren’t you ordered not to distract me?” said Hux dryly. “You’re off duty.” Hux blinked. He assumed the Supreme Leader’s order for Kylo not to distract him was a blanket one. Had he known it only applied to time spent on duty… “Tell me how it felt to be-” ‘ NO .’ Ren tore the mask from his face, twisted in pain and frustration, “Stop doing that!” Hux was on him in less than a second. He didn’t spring for his blaster, he would not be able to reach it before Ren recovered. He gripped Ren’s face, just under his nose and wrenched his head backwards, simultaneously kicking behind his knees to force Ren’s legs out from under him. Ren fell over gracelessly. Hux had the opportunity to pin him while the wind was knocked from his lungs, but did not. He did not want to give Ren any opening to touch him. Instead he took Ren’s saber, the closest weapon in reach, and activated it. It was lighter than expected with all the weight in the hilt and intense heat radiating from it hit him like a slap in the face. Hux leveled the humming blade at Ren’s face. “Out,” Hux repeated, jerking his head towards the door. Kylo rose to his feet. Hux meant to follow his face with the saber, but as Ren continued to rise Hux realized this was just one more link in a chain of poor decisions he had made that evening. Ren watched him with predatory amusement. He stepped gingerly beside Hux and said, “Deactivate it.” His fingers moved, but not of their own accord. It was as if a larger hand were wrapped around his, prying at his fingers, manipulating them to obey Ren’s commands. The blade disappeared. Ren held out his hand, “Let go, that’s it.” Hux, despite all efforts to hold on dropped the Lightsaber into Ren’s waiting hand. He attached it to his belt again, “That was rude, General. Rude boys need to be punished.” Hux thought of several much ruder things he could have done and words he could have said. Ren must have heard them all. Slowly the cockiness faded from his face. He started getting that nervous, almost shy look on his face again. Hux felt his blood freeze. He knew what was coming. Not again- “Don’t shout,” said Kylo warningly, “Do you know what it feels like when you do that?” Suddenly Hux heard his own voice in his head, impossibly loud, like standing next to a hundred TIE fighters taking off. He instinctively tried to cover his ears, but his arms would not move. The sound ended as quickly as it started. “Did you feel that? It’s not pleasant. And you’ve been doing it to me for days,” he finished. He looked Hux over, “I’ll stop bothering your crew, I’ll release you, I’ll leave, whatever you want, but you’re going to do something for me first General.” I’ll do nothing , Hux told himself. He was not going to allow Ren to defeat him like this. He was not going to allow Ren to touch him again. Kylo had retrieved the datapad and cycled back to the first clip. He set it on a loop and held it up in front of Hux’s face with that power of his before settling in by Hux’s shoulder to watch. Hux wanted to look away. He had relived it once already and had no desire to do it again. He was forced to watch Ren skulk behind him like some sort of soul sucking shadow and sniff at his hair. “I want you to tell me how good it felt,” said Kylo, sounding slightly out of breath. Hux felt the pressure around his jaw dissipate, “rip out your liver and force it-” His jaw froze again. “If you do that we’ll be here all night, not that I mind,” said Ren more forcefully. He restarted the hologram, “Go on.” Hux stared at the video. He pretended that he was not looking at himself, that he was making a report. The pressure on his jaw faded again. He sucked in an angry, seething breath then began as calmly as he could, “You stopped me in the hall. Then you pawed at me like a kriffing pervert.” Hux’s breath involuntarily hitched as Ren rested his chin on his shoulder. He felt dark hair, softer than he expected it to be, press against his neck, “And it felt good. You liked it when I touched you.” “No I didn’t!” snapped Hux. “You did. Like this,” said Kylo, stroking Hux’s hair lightly. Hux felt a powerful shiver run down from the top of his head to his feet and bit his cheek to keep from gasping. Kylo shivered against him, “I could feel it when you did that. Your whole nervous system lit up, like setting old linen on fire. It was incredible.” The General wanted to clench his fists, but had to settle for grinding his teeth. Kylo whispered to him chidingly, “Admit I made you feel something, that it was good, and I’ll let go.” Absolutely out of the question. “Well, if you won’t…” said Kylo. Hux bit his cheek again as he felt Ren snake around his middle with arms that were almost long enough to encircle him twice over. Against his back he could feel Ren’s chest, his lungs, his heart, thrumming against him like a machine. His hands closed and opened slowly as they slid up and down his sides, massaging gently and eliciting more shivers and tingling. He continued, “We’re going to be here for a long time. I’m not leaving until you stop lying. Unless you’re lying because you want me to do this, in which case I don’t mind you pretending to say no.” “Get off me and get out,” snapped Hux. He could not help it. He sealed his eyes shut and could only pray that someone might interrupt them. “General…” said Kylo, becoming nervous again, “I’m…I have a certain…fondness…for you.” The words hit Hux with the same force he reserved for crushing Resistance bases. If Ren had not been holding him up his knees would have buckled. Blood recoiled from his fingers, toes and lips. His mouth went dry. Air refused to stay in his lungs no matter how hard he tried to breathe. “Maybe ‘fondness’ is the wrong word, you’re still infuriating, and arrogant,” said Ren quickly, “But…you…you have pretty eyes, the darkness clings to you and…I like you.” It was the most pathetic drivel Hux had ever heard in his life and it was absolutely terrifying. He didn’t want Ren to see that thought. Who knew what the Knight of Ren would do if he overheard it? He quickly focused on engine maintenance. “ I like it when you do that ,’ it’s almost the same as ‘ I like you’ . I know you’re too proud to go that far,” reasoned Kylo. Hux squeezed his eyes shut as Ren nuzzled against his face. He felt it again, that bloody tingling that made the hair on the back of his head stand up. He could feel Kylo grinning against his skin. His mouth, his teeth, were dangerously close to the large veins in his neck. One of his hands was dipping far too low lifting his tunic out of the way to get better access to his hip bone. Hux bit back a scream. He had not screamed since he was three years old and fell down the stairs, breaking his fingers. And all the while he could feel his body ‘lighting up’ as Ren put it, starved for touch, revelling in everything Ren did to him. Kylo pressed a hesitant kiss against his neck, “You’re an easy man to please General. You like this, just admit it.” He couldn’t stand it anymore. Pride be damned, strength be damned, he wanted Ren off of him. He wanted to strip off his clothing, jump in the refresher and scrub his skin until it was raw, bleeding and all traces of Kylo Ren were gone. He meant to shout, angrily, violently, but it came out broken, “I li…it.” Kylo stopped, but he did not move. Hux snapped. He finally got command of his voice, “I like it! I said what you wanted now get off me you sick perverted monster !” Ren stepped back, the datapad clattered to the floor and Hux felt his body drop. He was shaking, but stood as tall as he could, staring down Kylo Ren with every ounce of venom and contempt he could muster. Ren seemed to be trying to do the same, but the calm he projected was not enough to hide the anger and hurt that came with his bizarre courtship attempt being rejected. He strode out of the room, smashing his palm against the control panel when he did. As soon as he left Hux’s breath quickened. He felt like his skin was burning. The scent of the knight clung to him like cobwebs. He had given in, to Kylo Ren of all people. Hux felt like the contents of his stomach were rising in his throat. The defeat and humiliation were too much for him. Not only had this happened once, but twice. Once was random, twice was the beginnings of a pattern, one that was bound to repeat itself. And when it did repeat, what chance would he have? What could he do to stop Ren? What could he do to ensure the knight remained unprovoked? Stumbling into the refresher he gripped the sink. His skin was paler than usual. He used shaky hands to splash water on his face. Bad idea, now his uniform was soaked. Before he was only hysteric, now he was hysteric and wet. Hux willed himself to calm down. If this was going to become a pattern, the least effective thing to do would be to panic and let his thoughts run wild. When an assault was imminent the rational thing to do was to review reconnaissance, analyze enemy movements and strategies, and make a plan for counter attack. He had seen how Ren would operate, twice, the only thing for it was to figure out how someone without an ounce of force sensitivity could counter someone as powerful as Master of the Knights of Ren. Wonderful. He looked down at his hands, still clutching at the sink and they seemed strange to him. They were pale, shaking, sweating, with the large blue veins standing out grotesquely along his wrists. It took some time, but eventually he stopped shaking enough to let go. He could still feel Ren against his back, and despite being able to see behind himself in the mirror he felt the need to turn around and make sure. He let out a shaky sigh. “Stop being irrational…” ...now he was talking to himself. Perfect. Bonus Stupidity : Phasma walked into her quarters. She removed her helmet, turned on the light and resisted the urge to shriek as she saw Kylo Ren, in the middle of the floor, lying on his stomach. His legs were kicking in the air lazily, and he giggled like a prepubescent girl. “Sir?” asked Phasma. Kylo turned on a holoviewer. An obviously edited image popped up and Ren grinned at it stupidly. It was Kylo, beside the General, with the words ‘Evil Space Boyfriends’ plastered underneath. “So things are…well?” asked Phasma, hesitantly. “A bit strained, but we’re working things out,” said Kylo. “Oh good, then you’ve stopped using the Force on him,” said Phasma. Kylo muttered, “Maybeeeeeeee…” “Because you know that’s really rapey Sir.” “He doesn’t mind that. He knew it was only little me~” Phasma sat down cross legged on the floor beside Kylo, “Kid- I mean, Sir, if I may, I think it’s time someone gave you ‘the talk.’” Chapter 3 : My Grief and Tears to Smother Notes: Thanks to the lovely Countofeight as always for beta-ing and loaning me a laptop and USB stick. Sorry I keep taking your stuff...and needlessly apologizing. So, fun story kiddies. Once upon a holiday me and my dad both happened to slip and fall on some ice within a few days of each other, so we both got laid up with concussions. A certain character's lucid state is kind of based on that :P There was absolutely no point in saying anything to the Supreme Leader or getting Admirals involved. Firstly, since the First Order was still in its infancy, there were still a number of laws and regulations that needed to be officially drawn up. Breaking contract with an evil space wizard because he used mystical powers to molest someone was unfortunately one of them. Besides, so long as it was the Supreme Leader’s will that Kylo Ren be placed on his ship, Hux had a feeling that any complaints he had on the matter were null. There was also that nagging feeling, developed in childhood and fostered by his training. Admitting to being victimized was weakness. Weakness was to be overcome, and until it could be overcome it was to be hidden. If he did confess what had happened to someone, anyone, he doubted it would bode well for him. His men wanted to follow Hux, the strategic genius, the youngest General in the First Order and Empire’s history, the master marksman, the scourge of the Resistance. Hux doubted anyone would follow Hux, the man who was held down and touched by another man against his will. Twice. All there was for it was to push through this to victory by his own power, as he had always done. His first step had been to research techniques a non-Force sensitive could use to block mind-reading abilities. It was no good coming up with a plan if Ren could read it as plainly as if Hux had stamped it to his own forehead. In addition to his own experimentation with controlling what his surface thoughts were, he found there were other techniques. The main one, which by his own admission Hux thought might be difficult for him, was to relax and keep his head empty. Hux disliked the idea. He liked his head, he liked thinking. He did not like when his head was empty. Sitting around for any amount of time emptying one’s head had always seemed like a waste of time. However, if he could detect someone in his mind and purge it before information could be obtained, then it would become a useful skill. It would take time, but he felt that if it were necessary, he could force himself to concentrate on nothingness for a decent amount of time, though unfortunately that would require practice. He scratched down some time in his ledger to be set aside for meditation. His first foray into it had been disappointing. He could not go more than twenty seconds without something distracting him. Were there enough fuel cells onboard to ensure they could make it to the next port? Captain Phasma had made recommendations to the training regimens. How should he best incorporate them without causing overexertion? His shirt itched. His nose itched. Everything itched. Hux soon confirmed that sitting and doing nothing was not his strong suit. The second stage of his plot was to study the techniques of Jedi-Hunters. He downloaded dozens of volumes to his datapad and slowly processed them chapter by chapter. As expected, Jedi-Hunting was not for the weak or faint of heart. It took training, specialized equipment and willingness to be extremely underhanded. Hux knew he had at least one of those covered already. Which begged the question, what could he get away with doing to Ren? Nothing permanently debilitating, which left most chemical weapons in his arsenal out of the question. Of course he could not kill or do anything that would cause a long-term injury. Not without incurring the wrath of the Supreme Leader. Again, his best option was stunning Ren and retreating. The knight seemed to want to keep his infatuation to himself, which was just as well. Hux exploited this by finding excuses to linger around his colleagues whenever Ren was nearby. On top of that, he had changed his personal exercise regimen to include more hand to hand combat practice, particularly close quarters and grappling. Next time he would not go for a weapon. If Ren was going to freeze him, Hux wanted to be frozen while he had the bastard in a submission hold. Looking up at the colossal hologram of the Supreme Leader, Hux wondered how much he knew. He knew Snoke was the one who had given Ren permission to do what he pleased. Did he know exactly what that entailed though? Did their leader know what Ren had done? What he had threatened to do? Hux wanted to say something, but he could not think of a way to phrase it without sounding weak, without admitting that Ren had overpowered him. At any rate though, the Supreme Leader was pleased that they were back on schedule. That was what really mattered. As soon as the hologram faded, Hux painstakingly emptied his head. No hate, no anger, nothing. He’d found that imagining emptying a large water vessel with a smaller one helped him clear his mind. Slowly the large vessel would empty out, the smaller one moving smoothly, rhythmically. Perhaps it was the reason Ren was not currently invading his mind or personal space. It probably was not, but the act made Hux feel like he had some agency again. Hux continued to hold the image in his mind as he walked out of the chamber and began the slow march down the narrow hall. Nothing but water, like his thoughts, flowing away and leaving an empty vessel. Nothing mattered. Not Ren following behind him, not the discomfort of being in a confined space with a man with anger issues who also wanted to have his way with him, not the million and one things on his ship that needed tending to. Nothing. Until said ship suddenly turned on a forty five degree angle. That mattered. It mattered quite a bit. The doors ahead of him, still twenty feet away suddenly slammed shut. Hux reached for his comlink, “This is General Hux. What’s going on?” Lieutenant Mitaka replied, “A surprise attack sir! Resistance fighters were hiding in a nearby asteroid field. They targeted weapons and engines. They’re coming for another pass!” Hux rounded on Ren, “Can you force the door?” “So now you want me to destroy your control panels…” said the knight, his modulated voice dripping with sarcasm. “Can you do it or not!?” snapped Hux. “Sir, we’re detecting a chemical leak on your deck. Blast doors and ventilation shafts have been sealed to stop the spread of the contamination. Do not attempt to force…oh kriff,” came Mitaka’s voice, full of agitation and anxiety. His voice came over the speakers, “All hands brace for evasive action!” Hux dashed to an emergency panel in the wall. Inside he found magnetic brace for emergencies. His training took over and he began assembling it. If combat got rough he would rather be strapped against a wall or floor than bouncing around the inside of a hall. He glanced over at Ren. The knight was standing in the middle of the hall uselessly. Hux glowered at Ren, “What are you doing!?” “Evasive maneuvers in ten.” “What is that?” asked Ren. “Nine.” “You’ve no idea what an emergency brace is!?” “Eight!” “I’ve never seen one before.” “Seven!” It was pure training that took over. Ensure higher ranking or high profile persons within reach are secured before securing one’s self. Hux shoved Ren against a wall, something the knight must not have been expecting, given how easy it was and clamped the brace around his chest and hips. The powerful magnets ought to latch onto the wall through his ridiculous cape. “Six!” “What are you doing?” “Five!” The power source was already charged and connected. Hux began flipping switches, activating the magnets one by one. They latched onto the wall with a loud thud. “Four!” “You got on a ship without learning emergency procedures!?” snarled Hux. “Three!” “That has to be the height of stupidity!” “Two!” The last magnet latched itself to the wall. Hux gave the brace a sharp tug, testing its hold. “On-” The ship nearly turned on its side. Hux found himself thrown backwards. The last thing he saw clearly was Ren’s limbs being thrown up in the air while his body remained latched firmly to the side of the ship. Hux collided head first into the side of the hall. The ship snapped upright again, or gravity adjusted and Hux was tossed unceremoniously onto the ground. Everything was swimming. There were two of everything. Two halls, two Rens and two voices shouting all too loudly for all hands to remain braced. That was not good. Hux got to his feet, his mind hazy and his head throbbing. He instinctively reached to touch the part of his head that hurt most and held his hand up in front of his face. His leather glove was covered in his own blood and Hux found himself oddly fascinated by the sight. He pressed his fingers together, feeling them slip over each other with ease. What was there to do? Oh, yes, secure himself. He ought to do that. He looked over at the two emergency panels that seemed close at first but got further away when he squinted. “General?!” “Oh, right, you’re here,” said Hux, stumbling so he could face Ren. Then he was flying. No, being dragged, like there was a rope attached to his waist. His boots made a strange squeak as they skidded on the ground. He felt iron bands wrapping around his body. No, wait, those were Ren’s arms. An easy enough mistake to make. “Are you molesting me?” asked Hux, more confused than offended. “General!” someone else shouted in his ear. Hux squirmed and got his arm free to use his comlink, “Yes?” “The Resistance pilots have taken out most of our mounted cannons. TIE fighters have been deployed, but they’re having difficulty against the Resistance X-Wings. There’s no other way to say it sir, they have one hell of a pilot on their side.” “Oh yes, what’s his name,” said Hux, sounding almost giddy, “Well he won’t get far today will he? Lieutenant, give me a live feed. I’m going to override control of the main canons, I’ll shoot them down myself.” “Sir!?” said Mitaka incredulously. “I’m the General, I’ll do what I like, and what I like is killing Resistance scum,” said Hux in an uncharacteristic singsong tone, holding up his datapad. The world made exploding noises and lurched again, but some invisible force held the datapad in place. What was it called again? Oh, right, The Force. How silly of him to forget. He punched in the override codes. They were surprisingly easy to remember. He could not have remembered his father’s name if it was asked, but codes, protocol and instincts, the important constant things in his life were all there to be drawn upon. The feed activated, projecting out screens surveying enemy and ally positions as well as showing which canons were still operational. Only four. Damn. For a force of thirty…or was it fifteen…ships the Resistance was obliterating them. One of them, at least, must have been one hell of a pilot. Three more screens popped up. A fourth flickered out almost immediately, they had lost another canon. “What was it you said to me before, Ren? Rude…” seethed Hux as he pressed the controls lightly, playfully, locking onto two…no, one…one target, and gunning it down. “Boys…” he nearly sang, locking onto targets. Focusing on them helped correct his double vision. He watched the numbers and target fields carefully, all the while keeping the overall battlefield in the back of his hazy mind. “Need…” Another Resistance fighters shot down. “To…” Another. “Be…” Another. “Punished…” A final kill. Mitaka’s voice rang in his ear, “Sir, we’ve lost four tie fighters. Over half of the Resistance fighters are destroyed. Another three damaged.” “Yes, I can see that lieutenant, I have a very pretty screen that shows me everything.” “…Sir? Are you alright? What’s your status?” “I have killed five individuals and I am locked in a passionate embrace with the wall.” Ren let go of his death grip on Hux’s middle and snatched the comlink from his ear, “General Hux has been injured! We need a medical team!” “Ren? When the bloody hell did you get here?” demanded Hux. “M-medical can’t be sent until the toxins are flushed out,” was Mitaka’s hesitant reply. “Send them anyways!” Ren snapped, “He’s bleeding out!” “It’s just a little red, it washes out,” said Hux, shushing Ren. He felt drowsy and Ren’s scarf was surprisingly plush. He wanted to sleep, if only for a moment. “S-stay calm Lord Ren…Where is he bleeding from?” “He hit his head!” “Oh…I have a concussion…that explains a lot…” said Hux, settling into Ren’s chest and closing his eyes. “He had a concussion and still hit…never-mind. No matter what happens, do not allow him to fall asleep. Let him lie on the ground and rest. If he starts vomiting, make sure that he lies on his side.” Hux felt himself being picked up. He was getting very tired of the world spinning and he hoped it would stop soon. His head throbbed and the lights hurt, so he threw an arm up over his eyes. When did the lights get on top of him? Were the lights molesting him too? He heard something being cut up with a lightsaber. Ren must have been having a tantrum again. Flux. “He’s on the ground. Now what!?” “You’ll find a medkit in the emergency panel. There should be cooling packs and gauze. Use the gauze to staunch the bleeding and keep his head cool to ease the pain. If the area on his head feels unstable or like it’s caving in, let go immediately and don’t touch it again.” Something pressed against the back of his head and Hux groaned. Why wouldn’t everyone just let him sleep? “Now what!?” Ren screamed again. “I-If he’s able have him swallow a painkiller. They’re in the green bottle.” Hux felt his mouth being pried open and he flailed his arms as his jaw was slammed shut and his nose was plugged. He swallowed instinctively and something went down his throat. “Now what!?” Ren screamed, even more loudly and obnoxiously. “M-make sure he stays awake. Monitor his status…Medical will arrive as soon as p-possible.” “That’s not good enough!” seethed Ren, “He’s still bleeding out! Th-there’s blood everywhere!” “It’s just a bit of red…” repeated Hux, feeling the back of his uniform absorb his blood, “Head wounds bleed a lot. I read it once. If you read more you might learn things as well. Like emergency protocol.” “Hux…General, don’t die like this. Kriff…th-there’s so much blood…it won’t stop…” stammered Ren. His voice sounded different. Was his mask off? Maybe it was, maybe it wasn’t. It did not matter. “I’ll die when I bloody well feel like it!” snapped Hux, swatting at Ren’s face. It was a short-lived attack. When the light shone in his face he quickly covered his eyes again, “I’ve half a mind to do it just to spite you. And stop molesting me!” “If I move my hand you’ll bleed more!” snapped Ren. “Fine then!” said Hux, trying to roll away. Ren held him in place. Whether it was with the invisible force or his hands, Hux had no idea. What was the invisible force called again? Oh, right, Steve. Light Steve and Dark Steve. Steve held the universe together. “I’m…I’m sorry, alright?” said Kylo hurriedly, “I’m sorry I didn’t stop. I said it…you’re not allowed to die now. I said what you wanted, so you can’t die. I won’t allow it. W-why won’t it stop bleeding…?” “I’m not dying!” exclaimed Hux, completely exasperated and becoming increasingly light-headed, “I make other people die, that’s what I do! I am General Hux, destroyer of worlds and also a molestation victim but I’m trying to kill you so it won’t count anymore.” “You’re…you’re completely delirious,” said Ren. “I’m not delicious. Listen, that is sexual harassment and I don’t have to take it,” countered Hux. Ren paused for a moment and whispered, “Just in case, I need to tell you…General…I…I love you.” Hux grinned and reached up to pat the side of Ren’s face, mask…thing, “Oh Ren…I love me too.” Bonus Stupidity “Sir?” Ren froze. The comlink was still activated. “Um…Lord Ren…” Ren focused on Lieutenant Mitaka and waved his hand, “You didn’t hear me say I love the General.” “I…didn’t hear you say you love the General.” “I said I Iove…Juice.” “You said you love juice.” Great, thought Ren, now I want juice. As an afterthought he added, “You will get me some juice…and maybe some Dark Side cookies to go with it.” Chapter 4 : And I'll Make the Vow Notes: Posting early because I'm coming off of the flu and my lovely beta Countofeight got back to me super quick as a get well present. Fun fact: Side-effects of concussions can include vomiting, sensitivity to light, hindered fine motor skill and bartering away your autonomy to a sociopathic man-child. Or maybe that last one was just Hux... Hux came to in the medical bay. His memory was a haze. He could clearly remember fitting fitting the brace across Ren’s chest, then freefall, then pain. There was fighting after that, he remembered, but the details blurred in his mind when he reached for them, except for a group of sequential numbers. Targeting numbers? Why would he have seen…? Things must have turned out well, in any case. His surroundings were recognizable, if not intimately familiar. He didn’t make a point of frequenting Medical, but he knew the look of it well enough. His head ached and he winced. There had been shouting too, hadn’t there? Someone had been shouting at him... He might be able to trigger his memory back to full functionality if he saw his datapad. He also needed to see how much damage the ship had taken. He recalled something about a chemical leak. That was right, that was why he had been stuck in the hallway with Ren. He went to fish his datapad out of his pocket when he saw an IV needle embedded in the back of his left hand. Turning he saw a nearly empty drip bag beside a fully drained bloodbag. How long had he been asleep? How much had he bled out? Hux tore the medical tape and needle from his hand before retrieving his datapad. When he turned it on he winced in pain. Why was the screen so bright? He squinted at it through his fingers as he tried to figure out the details of the attack. He grunted at the pain in his eyes as he scanned over the damage repots. The cannons, engines and the cargo bay containing some chemicals had taken the bulk of the fire. It was not normal X-Wing fire. They probably used charges or bombs of some sort to blanket entire areas of the ship. He also noticed…an override command? From who? From…himself? After landing with his full weight on his head!? And nobody had tried to stop him!? It had thankfully turned out well but there was an equal chance Hux could have endangered everone on board with a stupid decision made in a state of delirium. He heard someone say, ‘The General’s awake.’ A nurse, probably. A doctor instantly pulled back one of the curtains. Taryn, if Hux recalled correctly. The doctor snatched the device from Hux’s hands and set it aside before giving Hux a stern look, “Finished torturing yourself General?” “I wasn’t quite finished, no,” replied Hux dryly. The doctor sighed over the top of his own datapad, “Open skull fracture, a two inch gash on the back of your head, massive concussion, but no permanent brain damage, we can be thankful for that.” “How long will I be confined to quarters?” asked Hux. “A day in med-bay for monitoring, two weeks confined to quarters,” replied Doctor Taryn. “One week maximum, you’ll find,” corrected Hux. “And no screens. The lights will be aggravating and cause migraines,” said the Doctor. “Limited use of screens I think,” Hux corrected again, “How long was I out?” “Long enough for Kylo Ren to assault half my staff,” said the Doctor. He gave Hux a stern glare, “You may be General, but you’re no doctor. Two weeks, no heavy activity, no screens. Not if you want to get back to full health quickly without risking a relapse.” He turned before Hux could counter. He laid back against the nearly paper thin, regulation pillows. How was he going to command the ship in this state? Who would be the best individuals to delegate tasks to? How was he going to keep his sanity while spending two weeks doing nothing productive? He felt like throwing up again. One week. He was determined to cut it down to one week at the longest. At the very least though it would mean one week without Kylo- Ren tore the curtain back. Damn. “What do you remember?” the knight demanded. “Very little,” he admitted, allowing his mouth to twist slightly in distaste. Having holes in his memory was bad enough without Kylo Ren being privy to that knowledge as well. He didn’t want him to go looking for exactly how much he recalled... “You secured me first,” said Kylo, “Why?” “Protocol,” spat Hux automatically. Ren, surprisingly, accepted the answer. Was he inside his head? Hux began the process of trying to relax and empty his aching mind. It hurt. A lot. Fuck it… Hux covered his eyes, “Computer, lights ten percent.” As the lights dimmed he hoped Ren would take that as his cue to leave. There was nothing for him here. There would be medical staff rushing around, only a curtain keeping them out of earshot. If Ren wanted to avoid being caught he would leave immediately without trying anything. “I can help. There are healing arts,” offered Ren. Hux peeked out through his fingers. In a hushed voice he whispered, “If this is an excuse to paw at my head again…” “It isn’t.” “I think they already repaired the tissue and closed the fracture, all that’s left is recovery,” said Hux, “I don’t need your assistance.” “Do you really want two weeks of bed rest?” No, he did not, but he wanted in nearly equal measure for Ren’s hands to be kept far away from him. He retreated back behind the screen of his clammy fingers, unwilling to make the decision. “You helped me. I don’t like to be in anyone’s debt. Let me help,” insisted Ren. Hux peeked at him again warily, “Is there any way I can trust that’s your only motive?” “Even if I wanted…” Kylo trailed off, “You’re hurt. I’d just hurt you more.” ‘ Why stop hurting me now? ’ Hux thought to himself. Tension rippled over Ren, his black-clad fists clenching tightly. Wrong thing to think, Hux guessed. On the bright side, it meant that Ren likely had no intention of trying to be intimate. However, there was a chance he might use this as leverage, or create some sort of delusion that this would be an invitation to do more at a later time. Two weeks was a long time to be laid up, though. The ship was likely in relative chaos after the attack. If he wanted to get the Finalizer on track again, he would not be able to do it from his bed with only a comlink and no visuals. Hux sighed, “How should I position myself?” “On your side,” said Ren, approaching, looming over him like a long black shadow, “I can’t do much, but I should be able to cut a few days off of your recovery time.” Hux painstakingly shifted onto his side. His head pounded as he did so. Normally sleeping on his side was the most comfortable position, but now it felt excruciating. Instinct told him to turn onto his back again. Hux quickly suppressed it and gripped the stiff, crinkling sheet beneath him. “Try to hold still,” said Ren. His mask was still on, but Hux could feel that he had removed his gloves. He willed himself not to flinch as Ren parted his hair to have a look at the freshly sealed wound. His back shivered again. Not as intensely as before, but it happened nonetheless. He recalled that it would sometimes happen in childhood when a person, rather than a droid, helped him comb his hair or ran a hand down his back. He had enjoyed the feeling though he had never sought it out or paid it much mind. It never hurt him so he had never thought to ask a doctor about it. He likely never would. A gentle coolness spread over the back of his scalp. Hux closed his eyes and sighed, his body relaxing instantly. His mind did the opposite. What was Ren doing? This was a bad idea. Would Ren do something to his brain? This was an awful idea. Would Ren knock him out and have his way with his unconscious body? This was the worst idea he had ever had in the entirety of his admittedly short command and now… “That’s all I can do,” said Ren, snapping Hux from his spiral. He paused before adding, “Do you know anything about the dark side of the Force, General?” “No,” said Hux, blinking as he realized that Ren had been true to his word. He had never had any time for bedtime stories about half-dead religions. In retrospect, he ought to have taken those children’s tales of light and darkness more seriously. “The Jedi encourage order, they stifle emotion, the dark side revels in it. Our power thrives on emotion, our own and those around us,” Ren continued to explain. It made perfect sense to Hux. Ren, as long as Hux had known him, was ruled by his emotions. He gave into them as they came, openly expressing anger and frustration, whatever he happened to be feeling. Jedi training, when it existed, must have been horribly stifling. No wonder Ren had given himself to the dark side. The elaboration continued, “While certain emotions, hate, anger, love, anything intense can make us more powerful, others like hesitance or frustration can cloud our vision and make it more difficult to manipulate the Force.” Hux turned, “Again, how is this relevant? What do you want?” “You know what I want, but we seem to be at an impasse,” said Ren, “Hate fuels my powers, but frustration can be a hindrance. If I continue to be frustrated without release or relief, it may affect my abilities.” ‘I’m not letting you fuck me just so you can use the Force, ’ Hux thought to himself, perhaps a little too loudly, judging from the way Ren stiffened slightly. The knight sat beside the bed, a place that in normal situations might be occupied by a friend or family member. Somehow it figured that it would be Ren there. The universe clearly hated him, why should it start giving Hux a reprieve now? “I couldn’t even sense that attack, I couldn’t stop you from falling. I was too unfocused,” said Ren more gravely, “If my mind had been less clouded it might have been preventable.” “Ren,” said Hux, glowering across at him, “You’ve used the Force on me, you assaulted my crew when I fought back, and now you’re telling me that if I don’t give in I’ll be putting the ship in danger. Dark side or no, there must be some part of you that realizes that’s completely inappropriate.” Ren pulled off his mask and Hux instinctively pulled back. The knight stopped, watching him carefully, considering his next move. Hux in turn watched Ren’s pale hand, wishing he was armed with something, anything, if only for some peace of mind. Hux continued, “Ren, I have no interest in what you’re offering. You should leave.” “Then how am I supposed to fix this?” “That’s your concern, not mine.” “You understand what it means for both of us if I can’t fix this,” said Ren, “Your position, your command…if you distract me like this you might be transferred.” “Stop threatening me,” said Hux in a low voice. “I’m not!” snapped Ren, and the curtains and equipment surrounding them rattled with the sudden force of his ire. He lowered his voice, “I’m not interested in threatening you. It’s meaningless if I threaten you.” “Finally, something we agree on,” said Hux sourly. Ren clenched his fists. Hux had always thought the most frightening monsters in the galaxies were the mindless ones with fangs and claws that needed to be hunted and killed. He thought of the Resistance in the same way. Ren was making him rethink that. Ren was not some crazed beast, though he could act like one. There was a strange pseudo-logic in his head that made him think everything he was doing was somehow acceptable. It was like he was a child trapped in a man’s body. Entitled, persistent, obsessed with getting his way without regard for anyone around him. Ren was an entirely new breed of monster. One that that Hux was increasingly unsure of his ability to handle. Hux could appreciate a preoccupation with power, believing as he did that it was his destiny to rule and conquer, but he understood that there were lines, regulations, barriers. There had to be order. There had to be discipline. There had to be some marginal degree of respect. Ren could not see that though. Ren saw what he wanted and pursued it relentlessly, everything else be damned. He might overthrow the whole operation on a silly whim and then be put out when others had the gall to be furious with him. Despite all that though, the knight had an unsettlingly valid point. If it turned out his presence was too much of a distraction for Ren, it was obvious which of them would be transferred. Hux was confident that his abilities were the best the First Order had to offer, but he could not compete with Ren’s power. A General, even a talented one, was easier to replace than an apprentice. If the Supreme Leader deemed it necessary, Ren was right, Hux could lose command of the Finalizer. “I don’t want that,” said Ren, his voice urgent and hushed, “I don’t want you to be sent away, but I can’t stop wanting you either.” “Is this really the time or place?” asked Hux, covering his eyes again and wishing Ren would dissolve away into the shadows. Even at ten percent the light was bothering him. “Hold on,” said Ren. He rose from his seat, silent as the grave and disappeared behind the curtain. Hux sighed as Ren got up. Suddenly he bolted up, causing his head to throb painfully. He heard shouting, a Lightsaber activating, more shouting, something being destroyed, then silence. Ren skulked back into the room and sat down again. Hux glared at him. “I would love for you to stop doing that,” grumbled Hux. “I wanted to make sure we had privacy. And one of the nurses was thinking about your…never mind, it’s not important,” said Ren. Hux felt his blood run cold again. He did not want to be alone with Kylo Ren. There would be nobody there to deter or stop him. Ren kept his eyes fixed on the floor, “Why can’t you just say yes? I know you’re nervous. I’m also…I promise I’ll be gentle, if it’ll make you feel better.” Pain was not the issue. The issue was that if the Supreme Leader felt Hux was too distracting for Ren, he could lose his command. He would be transferred. It was not as if there were multiple openings for Generals available. A transfer would also carry the hefty chance that he might be demoted. On top of that was his current situation. He could not allow Ren to destroy more equipment on an already heavily damaged ship. He could not have Ren attacking personnel in fits of vengeful jealousy when they desperately needed to pull together to repair the ship and keep on course. He could not hole up in his quarters, trying to recover, with Ren prowling outside, waiting for Hux to get well enough for his taste. If Ren could be made more peaceable, more cooperative, at least while the Finalizer was in a state of disarray, it would be to everyone’s advantage. But then, there was also Hux’s pride. Hux had never backed down from a challenger. If a subordinate tried to undermine him, Hux had them eliminated. If a superior looked down on him, Hux not only proved them wrong, he surpassed them. He had been studying ceaselessly, coming up with plans to protect himself. Now he was going to give up? He was going to submit to Kylo fucking Ren? Hux had not clawed his way up the chain of command to become somebody’s plaything. What sort of message would it send if this became common knowledge? ‘General Hux slept with the Supreme Leader’s apprentice in exchange for his commission.’ That was exactly how this would look if word got out. If. That was a ‘what if’ scenario. It had not happened, it was not about to happen. However, if Ren could not be reasoned with, there were a thousand very pressing, very real things that could go wrong within the next few hours. To keep the current situation from becoming even more aggravated than it was, Ren needed to be pacified. ‘I don’t want this,’ Hux could not help thinking. Seeing Ren look at him, his gaze somewhere between that of a lovesick schoolboy and a ravenous monster, Hux kept the thought quiet, burying it under assumptions of what incoming reports were going to contain. He could not help the shame and apprehension though. He did not want this. He did not want Ren’s hands on him again. But if he said no… “I’ll be gentle,” Ren repeated, more insistently, “Not now of course…you’re too hurt for that. I can give you time before…we…you know…all the way…” “Have sex,” said Hux bluntly. Ren shrank back. “Sex,” Hux repeated. Ren actually blushed. Hux rolled his eyes and regretted it instantly. It hurt his head, “You’re a grown man, start talking like it.” Kylo Ren, now a ludicrous shade of pink, accented by his black clothing, nodded submissively. Hux rubbed his forehead, an act that gave him a small amount of relief. His mouth was dry, both from waking up after being knocked out and the awful thing he was about to say. He did not want to say it. He did not want to do it. He knew the benefit was worth the pain and resisting was only going to make things worse. Still… “General, do you have a first name?” asked Kylo, “Or, just, something I can call you?” “I don’t have a given name. I use my first serial number,” replied Hux, “My full name as far as documentation is concerned is CO-1413 Hux.” “CO?” asked Kylo, his brow furrowing. “Commandant’s Own. The numbers and their order represent physical traits. Roughly translated, my name is Commandant’s-Own-Male-Fair-Skin-Red-Hair-Blue-Eyes,” explained Hux. He babbled, saying anything but the thing he was dreading. “Just Hux then…” mumbled Ren, testing the name for himself. The silence that followed was painful. The tension was thick. This was it, the point of no return. Hux knew this was the lesser of two evils. He knew it. It was just saying it out loud. The quiet around them was awful. What Hux would have given to have alarms ringing and guns firing at that moment. “What…is it exactly you want to do to me?” asked Hux slowly. Kylo Ren turned pink again, “There’s…lots of things…” Hux could not contain his anger. It came leaking out in the form of sarcasm, “Submit a list for approval then.” Kylo leaned over, his hand on the bed near Hux’s. Hux retracted his hand and moved away, as if distance could protect him now, “You mean…you will?” “I didn’t say that,” said Hux, using all the restraint he could muster to keep his voice from quavering, “This…arrangement of yours…I’ll accept it if you agree to follow certain stipulations.” Ren seemed stunned by this. He probably thought his demand was perfectly reasonable, “Like what?” “You are not to use your powers on me,” demanded Hux, “You will not freeze me or enter my mind or project your thoughts into my head. Second, you will not touch me without asking permission first. Third, if I refuse, or demand you stop, you will cease and desist immediately. Finally if your behaviour on my ship does not improve, or you break any of the previous stipulations, the deal will be voided. Have I made myself clear?” Furrowing his brow, Kylo regarded him suspiciously, “Sounds like you’re fixing it so you can say no to everything. We might as well be back to square one.” Hux bit the inside of his cheek. He did not want to compromise on any of those points. Kylo watched him, not locking eyes, but still stalking his movements, leaning forward enough that Hux felt compelled to press backwards again. Kylo continued, “You’ll let me…touch you, hold you, maybe kiss you, at least once every daily cycle. As a sign that you’re not backing out.” Kylo was uncomfortably close now, practically sitting on the bed next to him. Hux could feel desire spilling off of Ren. Not as intensely as when he had invaded his mind, but the pressure and the emotion it stemmed from was undeniable. Of all the places to do this it just had to be on a bed… The knight spoke softly, “I’ll follow your rules, but I need to know you’ll hold up your end of the deal.” He trailed off and Hux forced his breathing to remain even. He followed the invisible line from Kylo’s eyes to his own exposed throat and collarbone. He raised a hand to cover himself and fumble with the clasps on his tunic. Hoping to bargain he blurted out, “Once a monthly cycle.” “Too long.” “Weekly.” “Still too long.” “…six days.” “Two.” “Five.” “Two and a half.” “Four.” “Three. Final offer, General.” Hux was going to refuse, but trailed off. His fingers were slick with sweat, trembling despite his best efforts. Ren was inches from his face now, watching his disobedient fingers and faltering chest with rapt fascination. Hux closed his eyes, not wanting to look at the man anymore. He hated the way Ren looked at him, like he was a plaything to be enjoyed at his leisure. “Three it is,” said Ren at last. He remained in his place, Hux could feel that he had not moved since he had closed his eyes, but he could not help imagining that Ren was somehow closer than before, that the other man was on top of him, teeth close to his throat. He certainly sounded close when he said, “I’ll wait until the doctor discharges you. I don’t want to hurt you Hux. Don’t be scared. It’ll feel so good you’ll wonder why you were worried at all.” Hux’s eyes snapped open when he detected movement, but Kylo was pulling back, hesitating at the edge of the bed as though deliberating whether he should get up or not. He looked in every direction but at Hux, “Do you want help? You’re shaking a lot.” “No,” said Hux coldly. He clenched the sheets in his fist. It was done, it was final. Every three days he would submit himself for Ren to do as he pleased. He tried to focus on the positive. Ren had agreed to curb his behaviour. Ren had not demanded sex immediately, he was willing to wait. Perhaps he would get bored before it ever came to that. Hux tried to focus on that, but all he could think of was the dread of having to face Ren and allow the knight to play with him as if he were some overgrown doll. “Hux, I’m…I’m sorry I didn’t catch you. I let them hurt you,” said Ren, squeezing the end of the bed, “I promise I won’t let anyone hurt you like that again.” “Leave me alone Ren,” said Hux quietly, his legs curling upwards towards his chest as he continued to fumble with the clasps. Why wasn’t it connecting? It had to be the lights. Everything was blurred and out of focus. No, perhaps it was his head, though there was no permanent damage the blow might temporarily inhibit his motor skills. Hux suspected he would have to undergo a cranial nerve exam before he was let off. He felt sick. Damned vision. Damned fingers. Damned Ren. “I promise,” said Ren softly, simpering, pathetic. He got to his feet, awkwardly looking down, “Is there anything you want? Water? Blankets?” “I want to be alone,” Hux repeated, unable to hide his anger. Not one standard month ago he would have loved to hear Ren say something so civil and cooperative. Had he known how dearly it would cost him, he never would have let the thought cross his mind. He had just bartered his self-respect and body away for a little peace of mind. He regretted it, but there was no backing out now. This was the bed he had made himself, and he would lie in it, with Kylo Ren beside him if necessary. “Alright,” said Ren. He was hesitating. The desire he was exuding was so thick Hux was worried he might choke on it. No, perhaps being asphyxiated would not be so unwelcome at this point. Ren looked up briefly, embarrassed, ashamed, and then fitted his mask to his face. As soon as he was gone Hux reached for the waste bin beside the bed. He thought of Ren’s hands on him, Ren’s lips on him. He thought of the fact that he would now have to relive that torture every three days for the foreseeable future. His body could not take the pressure. Added to the stress of his ship once again being reduced to a wreck, it was too much. For the first time in years Hux succumbed to mental and physical exhaustion. As he heard a door scraping against a once pristine floor as Kylo Ren forced it open, Hux threw up into the waste bin. Bonus Stupidity: Ren pulled the curtain back, “Hux! I’ve come to ravish-” Hux heaved wetly into the bin. Ren paused and slowly replaced the curtain, “Uh…I can see you’re busy, so, I’ll just come back for that later…” Hux glared at him from over the top of his puke bucket, “What’s wrong Ren? Aren’t you going to ravish me? Give us a big wet kiss you insufferable twat.” “Um, no thank you.” “What was it you wanted? Oh yes, once a daily cycle,” said Hux, baring his teeth, “Well, come on then Ren. I’m fairly certain I’ve spat out all the chunks. Shouldn’t be any nasty surprises left.” “Oh, uh, wow Hux, my Master is calling me. Imagine that. Bye!” Ren ran out of the room and Hux contemplated the contents of his bucket, wondering how often he could ‘catch a stomach virus’ before Ren got wise to his scheme. Chapter 5 : And if you don't like me (then leave me alone) Notes: My deepest apologies to The Carpenters for associating their song 'Top of the World' with my squick fic. ...I'm really, really sorry? Please don't sue me? Thanks to Countofeight as always, and all the awesome commenters last time. To be honest I was really worried of what people would think of the premise I'm writing about, but I feel a bit more confident now. Thank you for boosting my self-esteem. I feel better about ruining Hux's life now. Bedrest was murder. It had been pleasant for the first hour. Hux had slept in, taken a little more time to wash than usual, relaxed, and taken his prescribed medication, before horrible boredom had set in. Doctor Taryn had been right, the light that was projected from a screen or hologram still caused his head to instantly start pounding. Regular lights, if dimmed, did not bother him. Hux sighed and lay back in bed. He had books, but he had read them all, even memorized them. He mostly kept them for appearance sake. Even now, when he could control all the functions of a Star Destroyer from a device that fit in the palm of his hand, others tended to think of people with books on their desks as more intellectual and hardworking. Giving in, he flipped through one of them, bored out of his mind, and then set it aside again. Looking at the print bothered his eyes. Hux looked about for something to focus his mind on. He could take another shower, or polish his boots again. He could not take a walk. It was all he could manage to get from one room to another without feeling dizzy or faint. It was not surprising, given that the results of his cranial nerve exam were less than stellar. The General had nearly screamed in pain when the doctor shone a light in his eyes to have a look at them. Hux sighed. He knew there was no chance he would allow himself to mix alcohol with the various medications already in his bloodstream, but the thought was certainly a tempting one. It was almost inevitable that he thought back to Ren-- Kylo-- that awful man, kissing him. This was the situation he had placed himself in and he had to be prepared to handle the consequences. Ren would be back. He would make his request and Hux would approve it or face Ren’s temper. He was worried though. What if Ren requested something he was not prepared for, or made his stomach churn? If he refused, there was the horrifying question of how Ren would react. Hux nearly jumped as a tone rang out from the control panel on the wall. Craving something, anything to do, he responded. It took some doing, but he finally managed to stumble across the room, “This is General Hux, go ahead.” “It’s me.” Hux blanched and fought to recover quickly. It was Ren. Of course it was Ren. “Yes,” said Hux, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I’m outside. Open the door.” Hux started. Right outside? Normally there was more warning; stomping, a Lightsaber gliding through metal, or shouting. What was more, Ren was actually asking him to open the door. Not prying it open with his power, not slicing through it, he was asking. Almost nicely. He could feel his palms sweating. He knew what he would have to do. Should he test Ren? Should he say no just to see what would happen? If he answered the door it was almost certain to end in awkward, unwanted touching. If he did not, he risked having to have another door replaced, and they were almost certainly running out of spare parts to do so. Not to mention what Ren might do when he was angry. He was within his rights to refuse, at least for another day. Did he really want to try the knight’s patience? “I’m tired. It’s not a good time,” said Hux. “When will you feel better?” And Hux thought he was the nagging one of the pair. He glowered at the control panel, “Not today.” “I could take care of you.” “If I need assistance I’ll contact the medical-” “I want to do it. You don’t need to call medical. Open the door Hux.” Hux gritted his teeth. So much for having a choice in the matter. Ren sounded intense, pleading, nearly desperate. It was clear that the other man intended to end the exchange on this side of the door regardless of Hux’s inclination, which, as far as he could see, left him with two choices that were not really choices at all. Hux weighed his options. In the worst case scenario if he let Ren in he might have to explain a few intimate bruises to medical. If he denied Ren, he would have to have a door replaced, and almost certainly wind up back in the medical bay. Hux closed his eyes. It was just a few kisses, if Ren was true to his word there would be no pain, no inappropriate use of his power, and he would stop if prompted to. Hux needed time to recover, and if a few kisses were all it took to get sufficient time away from Kylo Ren, so be it. He opened the door. Ren entered. He removed the mask, and was instantly startled by the sight of Hux, hair uncombed, wearing fatigues, with no coat or uniform to hide his slim frame. Feeling exposed Hux crossed his arm and haughtily repeated, “Yes?” Kylo was on him in an instant, wrapping his large arms around him and pulling him against his chest. Hux kicked him in the shin and likely earned a bruised foot for his trouble. Kylo pulled back before Hux’s palm could connect with his jaw. His eyes widened, “What are you doing!?” “What am I- What are you doing!?” Hux snapped back. “It’s called a hug,” protested Kylo. “It’s halfway to being a death grip is what it is,” seethed the General. “I…I uh…I made you a list,” said Kylo, holding up a crumpled piece of paper. Hux was surprised that Kylo not only found paper, but had remembered that screens would aggravate his condition. Hux sighed, “That was a joke. You understand facetiousness don’t you?” “I thought you might feel better if you had something in writing. And maybe if you had a look at what I want, you could figure out what you’re comfortable with me doing to you,” explained Ren. Hux sighed again and rubbed his eyes. Bad idea; that had hurt. Ren’s idea on the other hand was not an entirely without merit. Coming to an agreement, having a written contract, deciding on limitations before anything happened, it was a good thing, Hux tried to convince himself. He would have a say in how far Ren could go, in what he was and was not permitted to do. More than that, Ren was actually volunteering to have limitations put on him. Hux muttered words he instinctively said when he had someone in his room, “Do you want anything to drink?” “Water,” said Kylo. Just as well. It was probably not a good strategic move to give liquor to a man who might lose his temper and... There was a small preserver unit in Hux’s quarters, enough to hold refreshments if he was entertaining high-ranking officers. He mostly kept spirits and water in it. He used to keep some food, but he would forget about it, or have no time to eat it, and it would spoil. Hux poured out a couple of glasses and turned to see Kylo, sitting in a chair, fingers awkwardly lacing together. Hux recalled the last time Kylo had been in his room, holding him in place and forcing him to re-watch the first time he had been assaulted. Hux ground his teeth, it had been humiliating, and Kylo, with his strange, stunted world view, had not realized what an awful thing it was that he had done. Hux set the water down delicately, having been trained to uphold decorum, even in private. He took a seat opposite Kylo and snatched the list from off of the table, grateful to be sitting down before he had another fainting spell. He had not even looked at the paper and Kylo was already blushing. “We don’t have to do it right now,” he murmured. “Have sex,” Hux corrected, “Not ‘do it.’ You’re not twelve. Have you got anything to write with?” Kylo passed him a long piece of soft, sharpened lead, “Why?” “I have a feeling I’m going to have to make notes…” muttered Hux as he began to read. He swore to himself that he was not going to blush like some silly child coming across these terms for the first time. He did anyways. At the first damned line… “‘ I want to undress you with my …’” Hux read out loud. His blue-green eyes flicked up at Kylo, “Exactly when did you think this was going to happen?” “Not right away…not all at once,” said Kylo awkwardly, “It’s a bit out of order.” Hux groaned and continued. He did not bother with reading out loud again, it would be too painful for both of them. Some of it seemed nearly tolerable. Kissing, holding and petting, smaller signs of affection that Hux felt he could suppress his outrage long enough for Kylo to get them over with. Then there was everything else, a horrible litany of perverted acts if Hux ever saw one. It read like the ‘menu’ outside a brothel. There was also a plethora of words Hux simply did not understand, so he marked them as negative to be safe. He went through so many lists as part of his work that it took a while for Hux to remember he was not just looking at a list of ridiculous sex acts and casually marking off his opinion on them. It was a list of sex acts that Kylo Ren wanted to perform on him . He felt his mouth go dry again as he looked through it again in that context. Ren wanted to strip him. Ren wanted to have sex with him while he had nothing but his gloves on. Ren wanted to bend him over a desk. Ren wanted to tie him to a bed. Ren wanted to take him against a wall. Ren wanted to leave marks on his neck. Then there were all of the things Hux had never heard of before. What the hell was rimming? Was intercrural even a real word? Hux made small marks beside the few that seemed relatively harmless, “These seem almost reasonable.” “Are you a virgin Hux?” asked Kylo, staring at the table and pretending to be fascinated by it. “I am, what of it?” replied the General sharply. It was not the first time he had been asked and he had long since stopped caring if he was looked down upon for it. “You know, people usually don’t ask each other that sort of question.” Kylo smiled softly to himself, “I kind of figured you might be, since you were so nervous and a bit slow on the uptake.” “Is there a point to this or do you expect me to give you some sort of prize for making that deduction?” demanded Hux. “The thing is…I’m not,” said Kylo quietly, ignoring the comment, “So I know the first time is…frightening, and awkward, but you don’t need to be afraid of me. I know you’ll probably be nervous no matter what I say, but…I want you to know I’ll be very, very gentle…no pain, just pleasure…” Typical drivel. Typical, horrifying drivel. “You’re not into me, I get it,” said Kylo dejectedly, “Most people aren’t when they get a good look at me. If…if it’s that…I’m better for you than anyone on this ship. They can’t…the way I can…” Hux haughtily retorted, “Don’t go and start thinking you’re somehow special because I don’t ‘like’ you. I’m not attracted to anyone. Especially people who try to extort me.” Kylo looked at him, stunned. Hux shrugged, “I’m not interested in sex, and I’m grateful for it. It would just get in the way of my work. My brain simply isn’t wired to want sex, from you or anyone.” “I guess I won’t take your resistance personally then,” sighed Kylo and Hux could not help the scowl that returned to his face. Ren had completely ignored everything except what he wanted to hear. The knight was smiling to himself a little, looking more childlike than usual as he said nervously, “And I was thinking, since I call you Hux, you’ll call me Kylo.” Hux ground his teeth. Not only had his attempt at dissuading Ren gone in one ear and out the other, Ren was giving him an order. He restrained himself. There were many hills Hux would not have minded dying on. This was not one of them. He muttered, “Kylo then…” Kylo nodded his approval, “And…look, I know yesterday was hard for you…” Kylo finally looked him in the eyes, directly. No mask in the way, no flicking his dark eyes about. Kylo Ren made direct eye contact with him, and Hux found himself at a loss for words. It was more intense than he had been expecting. He knew the colour of Kylo’s eyes, they were a particulatly dark brown. Hux was not normally one for poetic waxing, but the instense eye-contact transformed Kylo’s eyes into mesmerizing pools of ebony that could rival a black hole. He briefly wondered their hypnotique quality had anything to do with the Force. “I didn’t catch you. You’re laid up like this because of me,” said Kylo. He looked away again. “I’m a soldier, soldiers get hurt,” said Hux flippantly, attempting to recover his footing now that the black of Kylo’s gaze was no longer swallowing him up. At least they had stopped talking about sex, “Though I hope you’ll read up on ship protocol in the future.” “You shouldn’t get hurt,” said Kylo. Hux furrowed his brow. Ren still seemed to be ignoring his words. The knight’s presence had shifted significantly. The lights remained the same, but there seemed to be more shadow. There was a feral glint in his eyes as he said, “I can feel them, where they’ve holed up. They won’t be a problem for much longer.” Hux started. Not only had the ship started to pursue the Resistance without his knowledge, Ren was leading the charge? Ren was actually doing something useful? The glint of bloodlust was still playing across his features as he scowled at his interlocking hands. “We should try to take some of them alive, find out where the rest of them are hiding,” Hux added hesitantly. He enjoyed slaughtering Resistance scum as much as any other member of the Order, but not at the cost of allowing information to slip through his fingers. “I can find what you want to know. No need to let them live,” said Ren. “So long as you remember to get information first and kill afterwards,” said Hux quietly. He could picture Ren getting the order of the two tasks confused. “They’re animals. I’ll slaughter them like animals.” Redundancy of the statement aside, Hux did not feel comfortable being in the same room as a man with insatiable bloodlust who also wanted to fuck him. He replaced the glass on the table. The small projectile launcher was still resting in the waistband of his fatigue pants at the small of his back. If things got out of hand he could use it. Ren could stop blaster bolts with a thought, but from what Hux had read, Force-users had a harder time with physical projectiles, largely due to the galaxy’s tendency to favor laser weaponry bred an exploitable unfamiliarity, and partly because the dull, tiny objects being fired at a high velocity were harder to perceive and catch. “So our course has changed. How have the repairs progressed?” asked Hux, trying to change the subject. He was going to get a report from Mitaka later, but so long as Ren was here and actually interested in being helpful, he might as well inquire. He also needed to cover his thoughts before Ren picked up on them. “We have fifty percent of our weapons online and functional. Enough to take them out. I doubt they will be able to catch us off guard again,” said Ren. He looked up at Hux’s knees, “Are you going to stay here for the rest of the day?” “It seems that way. I’ll be up and about soon. I’m not sure how much longer I can take this,” said Hux. “I don’t need to be anywhere,” said Kylo. Hux had not been giving an invitation, but damn if Kylo had not taken it as one. He laid back in the chair anyways, looking off into the corner, feigning aloofness and conspicuously spreading his legs. Hux covered his eyes with his hand. If Ren was trying to appear attractive, it was not working. It was doing the opposite of working. Hux had wanted something to do but this was not it. “We could fool around,” said Kylo, in a tone Hux assumed was an attempt at suaveness. Hux scratched at his back again. He thought about how much it itched, “Ren, I’m not well.” Ren had the audacity to grin at him, “Come on Hux, I told you I won’t while you’re hurt. Besides, haven’t you ever had someone hold you and look after you when you were-” Hux looked at Ren quizzically as he stopped, pressing a hand lightly to his mouth, “Oh…oh you haven’t. Nobody would…” “Would what?” asked Hux, cocking his brow. “Nothing, I uh…thought…maybe since your father was…” “The Academy’s philosophy was survival of the fittest. If I died from something stupid like a fever it would mean I was not fit to live. Time and resources ought to be spent on someone more deserving of them, not worthless, sickly infants,” explained Hux, “I learned to care for myself, and I’m stronger for it now.” “That’s…” Ren trailed off, not knowing where to look, “I’m not sure if that’s worse than not having a name or not. But, I’m here now, and…I want to make you feel better…wanted…cherished, maybe…” Hux shrank back into the couch as Ren got to his feet. He moved over, carefully, no doubt not wanting to repeat what had happened minutes before when he tried to move in for an embrace. Hux closed his eyes. This was part of the deal. Ren was allowed a few small tokens of ‘affection’. This could have been worse. Ren believed he was being helpful, so it would be good to foster that kind of behaviour. He shifted though, keeping his back pressed into the couch. He could not have Ren spotting his- Ren stilled and looked down at him, suddenly serious – focused . “You…What are you hiding from me?” Hux blanched and froze. No, he had hidden it from view. Ren could not have seen it. As he realized what Ren was doing he felt the irrational need to cover his head with his hands as Ren slid through his mind, plucking out the image of the gun and tearing it from his mind, pulling strings of fear and anxiety with it out into the light. Hux shuddered, but managed to fix his eyes into a glare, “I told you to stay out of my head.” Ren looked as though he were teetering dangerously between outrage and horror. “You know I wouldn’t...” he said slowly, “Hux. I’d never…r…ra…” “Rape,” finished Hux, squeezing his eyes shut, bracing for an outburst. “It’s not…it’s not that if you enjoy it,” insisted Kylo, pressing close. He sounded desperate, and Hux felt a sudden invisible pressure settle around his throat as the little gun was ripped from his waistband. Hux watched it float suspended in the air, buckling and twisting as the knight’s voice grew more heated. “Hux…I’d never do that to you…I asked first. You…you’re stubborn. If you’d admitted you liked it I wouldn’t have had to hold you down. If you hadn’t been so stubborn it wouldn’t have had to happen like that.” Kylo reached out slowly and the pressure left. The gun clattered to the floor, useless and warped beyond recognition. Hux felt sick. He wished he would just get it over with and leave instead of dragging it out and trying to punish him for wanting to protect himself. He’d rather go about it like ripping off an old bandage. He would lie back, think of something pleasant and wait for it to be over. Kylo’s fingers were shaking by the time they connected with Hux’s bare shoulder, just beside his shirt’s hem. His fingers were warm, impossible to ignore as Kylo lightly trailed them up and down his arm. Hux bit the inside of his cheek as he felt his nerves sent jolts of pleasure through his body. He could hear Kylo breathing heavily as he marvelled, “Oh Hux you’re…you’re so soft …” Hux bit down harder. That word…the way he said it had been…it made him feel... Kylo quietly continued, “It’s alright, see? It doesn’t hurt, and it feels good. You don’t have to be afraid.” Let him have his way and he’ll leave eventually, Hux reminded himself. He watched Ren through the corner of his eye, “If you attempt anything on that list that I haven’t approved of, I’ll shoot your dick off.” “With what?” asked Kylo, slightly smug as he lightly kicked what remained of Hux’s gun under the table. “I’ll find something,” Hux growled. Kylo grinned and leaned in closer, placing his full hand on Hux’s shoulder and rubbing more firmly, “I like it when you get feisty like that.” Hux turned more sharply than he meant to and wound up making his head pound again. When he recovered his bearings he growled, “Excuse me?” “Feisty,” repeated Kylo, grinning and reaching around Hux’s shoulders to pull him against his chest. It was too warm, too close, too suddenly. Hux felt his heart pounding as Kylo continued, “Like when you knocked me down. You’re really cute when you get vicious.” Feisty . Like some cantina wench in an Outer Rim pub. Was that how Kylo saw his earnest attempts to protect himself from being touched without his consent? Foreplay? Hux tried to pull away, but Kylo held him close, rubbing his arm gently and keeping Hux tucked against his chest, “You’re hurt though, so I wouldn’t fight now if I were you. You can lie on my lap if you want...” “No. Thank. You,” growled Hux, punctuating each word with displeasure. He felt something press against the top of his head. Hux squeezed his eyes shut again and tried to keep his breathing even. It seemed Kylo really was finally getting it over with after all, pressing soft, infantile kisses against the top of his head. Occasionally he would squeeze his arm, or try to guide him down into his lap, but Hux remained as rigid and upright as he could. A few moments passed, only the thrum of the ship’s engines and buzz of electricity sounding in the room. “So…” Kylo began. Hux hoped he was not trying to start a – “You…your hair smells nice today.” “You would know, wouldn’t you,” Hux seethed, recalling the first encounter. “I…I couldn’t help it. I knew you’d never stop if I asked, so I had to freeze you. And once you were there I always…always wanted to know what your hair smelled like, so I-” “Stop…” said Hux miserably, “…just stop talking…” “You smell really good though and you look v-very pretty today…y-your skin is really soft and warm…and…I’m…I’m going to kiss you now, okay?” said Kylo nervously, his face once again a bright pink. Hux noted that it was not a request as Kylo shifted, gently lifting Hux’s face upwards, trying to cause minimal pain. Hux felt anxiety ripping through him. He wanted to run. He knew running would solve nothing, not to mention that he could not even manage walking at double-time in the state he was in. He did not want this, but he had agreed to it. He had had very good reasons to agree with it. Very good reasons grounded in pure, mercenary logic. Keeping Ren calm and cooperative was imperative to keeping the ship running smoothly. Letting Ren kiss him might keep him calm. Not letting Ren kiss him would undoubtedly spark a rampage. Hux had never been kissed before. Not willingly. A drunk woman once sloppily licked the side of his face at a party. That had been the end for all of them; for kissing, parties, and that particular woman. He felt Kylo’s lips brush against his own. Immediately every myth and poem he had heard about kisses was proven wrong. It was not warm, sweet and magnetic, it was cold, wet and repulsive. It was like having a Rathtar’s tentacle latched to his face. Ren’s hand slid up from his shoulder and cupped his cheek, holding him in place to continue his exploration. The knight was latched firmly to his lower lip, grazing his teeth against it. “O-open your mouth a little maybe…” Kylo instructed hesitantly. So this was it then? He had clawed his way, tooth and nail to the top of the military hierarchy all so Kylo fucking Ren could poke his tongue around his mouth. It was like dental work, but more tedious and without the benefit of a suction hose to get rid of excess saliva. Kylo pulled back, “Um…all I’m feeling from you is irritation. You should tell me if something isn’t…you know…turning you on…” “I can’t say anything if you’ve got your bloody tongue in my mouth…” seethed Hux, wiping his lips with the back of his hand. If he had been outside he would have tried to spit out the feel and taste of Ren’s tongue sweeping over his own. Besides, even if he said anything, he doubted Ren would listen. “Here, I think you might like this better,” said Kylo apologetically, before leaning down. Hux’s eyes, which had been half shut in a wince, anticipating another unwelcome round of cold kisses, snapped open when Kylo pressed his lips against his neck. He remembered the feeling. The last time he had done that they had been in this room. Hux pushed the thought out of his mind and tried to think of other things. He had never been on these particular pain medications before. Ren systematically trailing to the base of his throat. If he could not read he might give meditation another go. Ren stroking his hair and shoulder, working back up to his jaw with his lips, breathing in his ear lightly. It made him shudder, shooting nerves and shivers down his back. Ren’s lips warmed, stealing heat from Hux’s throat. The sensation of his neck being kissed, licked, nuzzled and tickled by long hair, practically being worshipped, was pleasant enough but the person doing it…the situation…it was all so wrong . “Oh, you liked that…” whispered Ren. The comment felt like a kick in the teeth. If Hux said no Ren would get angry and accuse him of lying. He could not say yes though. A yes would be misconstrued as an invitation to do more. Was there such a thing as a safe answer? “Stubborn,” said Ren, kissing his cheek. His tone was more confident, becoming bolder with each positive sensation he elicited from Hux’s traitorous body. Ren grinned against Hux’s cheek and whispered, “Let’s find what else you like…” Hux felt a hand settle on his thigh and slapped it away. Ren replaced his hand and glared at him, as if he were an animal and Hux was trying to pry a prize bone from his jaws. Quickly, Hux considered everything he had learned about reasoning with Ren. Don’t refuse, bargain. Don’t say it’s unpleasant. Don’t fight, he likes fighting. It’s alright to be nervous. If he was nervous… He looked away. This was going to hurt his pride. This was going to hurt a lot. “N-no, I’m…n-not ready for that…” He could not help stammering. If he had ever said anything remotely akin to ‘I’m not ready’ at any point in his life he never would have come this far. It was always ‘yes sir,’ or ‘no sir,’ nothing in between. No hesitance, no wavering, no uncertainty and above all no cowardliness. It nearly killed him, but it was necessary. If he wanted any hope of making- Ren gave his thigh an apologetic squeeze and pulled back, “Alright.” Hux’s eyes widened. That was surprisingly easy. Ren grinned, “So where can I touch you?” Hux’s eyes narrowed again. So much for his little victory. However, he now had something small he could exploit. He never thought he would be able to say being a nearly thirty-year-old virgin would be tactically advantageous, yet here he was. Ren was willing to buy the apprehensive virgin act, so Hux was willing to play it for him. In reality, Hux did not think having sex was as life-changing as people made it out to be. Whether Hux had sex or not, he would still be made up of the same oxygen, carbon, hydrogen and nitrogen as he had always been. However, if acting like a blushing maiden was going to get him out of this, Hux did not consider it beneath him to put on the charade. “Look, if you don’t want me in your head, you have to tell me what your limits are,” said Ren, who had moved his hand back to Hux’s shoulder. “Ren, Kylo…this isn’t a good time,” said Hux, trying to reason with the knight as best he could. He had an idea, “I don’t know if it will aggravate my condition or not. You might hurt me. Didn’t you promise to be gentle with me?” “Alright,” said Ren, not completely able to hide his disappointment, “We can try some other time…but…just here? I promise I’ll stop after this.” Ren touched just below his collar bone, near the hem of his shirt, stroking gently with his fingers, “I saw you get flustered while trying to cover up yesterday. I had no idea our General was so modest…” “I was having trouble because I had a concussion,” Hux argued. Ren snorted, stifling a laugh against his neck. “You were blushing ,” laughed Ren quietly, “You’d think nobody had ever looked at you with the slightest hint of desire before. Was...was that your first kiss? It was, wasn't it?" Hux felt his cheeks burn at the accusation. Kylo pulled back and kissed Hux’s cheek. Hux noted that his lips had warmed significantly since his first attempt. The knight gently stroked his hair and nuzzled against his face, “Don't worry, I liked it. I like knowing I'm the only one you've ever kissed, and I'm the only one who gets to see that blush.” “As…” Hux fished through his memory for a word that was not a command or insult while his body shivered with unwanted pleasure, “…flattering as that is, I need to rest so I can recover so…” Ren stared at his arm blankly. Hux sighed before concluding more bluntly, “So perhaps you should leave me alone now?” “It’s fine. I came to take care of you,” said Ren, infuriatingly undeterred. He got up off the couch, “Lie down, I’ll get you more blankets.” Blankets were not a cure for headaches. Ren did not seem to realize this though and was content to pile anything resembling a blanket that he could find on top of Hux. He even added his bloody cape to the pile. Satisfied with his work, he refilled water glasses, examined Hux’s medication, arranging it in a way that seemed more pleasing to him, and finally dropped himself down on the couch again. Hux nearly panicked when Ren lifted his legs so he could slide underneath them. It took a lot of effort not to reflexively kick away. He was not going to provoke Ren, not in this condition. Having tried once already he knew it would hurt him more than it would the knight. Ren did not seem to notice, or care, patting Hux’s leg in his lap before slowly trailing his hand up and down the way he had with Hux’s arm. The General found the sensation pleasant, but the fact that it was Ren doing it, that he might lose his temper if he asked him to stop, put Hux on edge. Ren hummed to himself, a strange disjointed melody that he seemed to be making up on the spot, before saying, “I’m not skilled enough to completely heal you, but I know healing can feel good.” Ren stifled a laugh, “You got so relaxed last time I thought I might have accidentally knocked you out.” “Can that happen?” asked Hux, trying not to sound fretful. “No, not normally, but your body is…very responsive,” said Ren, smiling slightly, “Then again, that was your first time experiencing Force-healing, wasn’t it? Would you like me to do it again? Or I could help you fall asleep.” “No thank you,” said Hux quickly. He wanted to be as alert as possible in his weakened, unarmed state. “Um…you know I’m very fond of you, right?” said Ren quietly, “I mean- I want you but, that’s not all there is to it. You know there’s more to this than…wanting to…do things to you…” Hux closed his eyes and tried to ignore the warm, massive hands massaging his legs. There was certainly something to this. Some sort of delusion, trying to fulfil a fantasy dreamed up by his psychotic mind. Why else would he want consent so badly? Why else would he give a damn if Hux was a virgin or not? Whether the sex was painful or not? Why else would Ren be so determined to justify all of his actions? If his goal had simply been sex, Ren had multiple opportunities to take it, but he didn’t. There was definitely something more to this. Ren wanted something more than sex from this arrangement. Hux had no idea what it was, precisely, but he was determined to figure it out. “Yes, I think you’ve made it quite clear…” Bonus Stupidity: “Such a feeling coming over me~” Phasma looked around. With her helmet on and in such a narrow hall it was hard to tell where the noise was coming from. It sounded like someone singing, but it was muffled, distorted, and echoing loudly through the halls. “There is wonder in most everything I see~” Suddenly she was swung around by her hands as a dark robed figure skipped around her and sang, “Not a cloud in the sky, got the sun in my eye, oh I won’t be surprised if it’s a dream~” “Sir!?” exclaimed Phasma, trying not to lose her footing. Stormtrooper armour was built for many functions. Skipping in circles was not one of them. “Captain, guess what the General just gave me?” asked Kylo teasingly. Phasma tried to think of one of the less offensive things the General had said he would like to give Kylo, “…an eviction notice?” “No, silly,” said Kylo chidingly. He whispered, giggling, “His first kiss from those sweet virgin lips~” “…His what now?” “Oh yeah, turns out our ruthless General is a modest, undefiled little blossom of innocence and purity who blushes at the slightest touches,” tittered Kylo. “You’re certain that blush wasn’t from unfathomable rage?” suggested Phasma. “Nope, he’s a spotless, untouched, pristine, uncorrupted, honest to Vader, virgin. And he’s all mine to deflower. Later, Captain.” Kylo released her and skipped down the hall, singing about how he was on the top of the world and looking down on creation. Phasma sighed. She knew every time she looked at General Hux she was going to know . She tried to unknow but she could not. The information was now permanently lodged in her brain and was creating a horrible mental image. The unflappable military genius General Hux getting gooey, blushing and whimpering, “N-not so rough Lord Ren…p-please be gentle with me…it’s my first time…” Phasma sighed and pleaded to whoever might be listening, “Please stop making me a part of this…” Chapter 6 : Since it’s No One’s Concern (then no one should care) Notes: Thanks and apologies to my beta, countofeight, who recently had a nightmare due in part to reading this fic. I'm not sure whether I should be proud of my writing or terrified of what my brain is making Hux go through. Despite Kylo Ren being much better behaved than usual, Hux still saw fit to take precautions. He had spent his remaining time in recovery practicing how to create elaborate puzzles in his mind or shut down his thoughts. Someone like the Supreme Leader could probably be able to read whatever information he wanted at a glance, but Hux felt he might be able to hold out against a significantly less experienced Force-user. A Padawan, or Youngling or whatever equivalent there was now. He had kept up his research, but hand-to-hand combat practice was much better for relieving stress. Books could calm his nerves, throwing someone into a mat and twisting their limbs until they writhed in pain released them. It was also a good way to affirm his recovery process to himself. Simulations, while they were quickly becoming more and more realistic, would not carry the same physical risk as real combat. If he was not fit to survive a simple simulation, he knew he was not fit for active duty again. After booking time in a private training room he scrolled through a list of simulations. He convinced himself that nobody would look at his history too closely. Why would anyone go to the trouble? First they would have to breach the encryptions to access the code to see which simulations had been accessed, and then cross check the schedule to figure out who had accessed it. Then, even at that, they would see that General Hux had been training with hand to hand combat simulations and would have to do a ridiculous amount of decoding to figure out exactly which simulation it was. Unfortunately, there was no way to completely erase his electronic footprint. If someone went to the trouble to figure him out, even if it was a lot of trouble, the evidence would be there. Hux sighed through his nose. It was nobody’s business what simulation he used, so nobody should care. Nobody was going to look through his history. Hux was not quite convinced of it as he swallowed, and lightly opened a subfolder in the hand-to-hand database. ‘Beginner’s Self-Defense: Sexual Assault Simulations.’ No one of these would apply to Ren perfectly. They had not yet compiled ways to simulate a Force-user, let alone what one might do in this specific situation. If Ren went too far, which was a real possibility, not one of these simulations was going to be a good match for what he could expect to happen. ‘ Or he might just whine pathetically again ,’ thought Hux as he scrolled through the list of settings provided after selecting indoors. Bar, Bathroom, Bedroom, Bridge, Catwalk, Cockpit, Hallway, Hanger, Kitchen, Locker Room…Hux chewed at the inside of his cheek before selecting the bedroom. More options for parameters came up. A hologram of an empty room was shown and Hux adjusted the size and furniture. A screen popped up, ‘Would you like to save this setting for future use? All custom simulations may be accessed by any member of the First Order.’ Hux quickly pressed no and began to customize his assailant. Using Ren’s file, or at least the data on him that was available, Hux entered the information. In the end a fairly accurate copy of Ren stood in the room in miniature. Hux looked over the available personalities, Abrasive, Adamant, Honourable, Humble, Modest, Polite, Rash, Shy, Temperamental… None of them really fit Ren, not exactly. He selected ‘rash’ and did not bother saving. Hux activated his simulation. Holograms sprang up all over the room. Hux was in a replica of his bedroom. Not perfect, but it sufficed. An automated voice guided him, “Defending in prone position. Please lay on your back.” Hux complied, lying down in the middle of the room. A copy of Kylo appeared on top of him. Hux felt pressure and realized it was nothing like the real thing. The real Kylo, while persistent had always handled him like a piece of glassware. Even when he gripped it was never hard enough to bruise or break skin. Hux recalled Phasma saying that simulations were nothing compared to real, field experience. Perhaps this was what she meant. “When you hear the tone, please begin.” There were a few short, sharp beeps, followed by a silence and a long, stretched out note. The Kylo dummy grabbed his throat. Hux shot his arms up between the dummy’s, forcing them apart until the hold on him could no longer be sustained. He gripped an arm and forced his elbow into the dummy’s own elbow joint, causing it to lurch forward. Hux caught its face, using the momentum to flip the dummy on its back. In less than two seconds, Hux had flipped their positions and straddled the dummy’s hips. He punched it neatly in the throat. “Simulation successfully completed. Would you like to repeat, proceed, or modify parameters?” “Modify,” said Hux, “Search for voicebank. Male, baritone, generic.” “Voicebank selected. Please select phrase database.” “Generic…” Hux had to pause before he said it, “Sexual assault assailant.” “Voicebank and database added to simulation. Would you like to make any further modifications?” “No.” “Would you like to repeat or proceed?” “Proceed.” “Defending in standing position. Please stand on the indicated tile.” Hux got to his feet and stood on a flashing tile. The Kylo dummy appeared behind him. Hux gritted his teeth at the memories it brought back. The computer droned, “When you hear the tone, please begin.” The warning came, then the tone. The holo dummy wrapped its arms around Hux. It spoke, close to his ear, loud and threatening, “I’m going to fuck you you whore!” It sounded nothing like Kylo, Hux noted, slamming his forearm into the dummy’s groin and smashing his head backwards into its forehead. Thank goodness he’d recovered from his concussion. The dummy let go. “Simulation successfully completed. Would you like-” “Turn it off. Just turn it all off,” snapped Hux. This…was not going to help him. Kylo was not going to jump him and shout obscenities. Kylo was going to manipulate him with threats and the Force. No matter how much he trained, it was not going to help him with the reality of his situation. Hux watched the holograms fade away, leaving an empty room and a robotic training dummy, rolling back into a wall panel. It bothered him that this was not something he could replicate in a simulation, that this wasn’t something he could test and tweak with until he found the perfect solution. ‘Or any solution,’ his mind reminded him unhelpfully. He still didn’t have a functioning one of those. He thought back to Kylo’s behaviour over the last two weeks. Every three days, like clockwork, Ren would approach him and stare. Hux would then find an excuse to go off somewhere private. Ren would follow, take off his mask and give Hux a light, gentle kiss on the lips. He would smile, say something stupid like ‘you taste nice,’ and Hux would cringe and mutter something dismissive like, ‘it’s the tea I had earlier, are you finished?’ Hux was slowly getting used to the idea of hugs. Ren loved them, Hux was fairly certain he still hated them. They felt too much like an aggressive hold. His instinct was to fight back and break free when anyone tried to hold him like that. Instead, he had to force himself to stand straight, rigid, like a plank of wood, and pretend it was not happening as he waited for Ren to finish. Then Ren would kiss him again, always somewhere different, Hux had noticed. Ren would ask Hux how his condition was, if he might feel well enough for…and then Ren would trail off. Hux would say he was still unwell, looking away, hoping he had not turned red. Ren would give him a parting kiss. Hux would wipe his mouth, shake his limbs out and return to his duties, spending the rest of the day trying to hide his ‘skittishness’ as Ren had put it. He had to admit though, Ren’s behaviour had improved drastically. There was still the occasional burn mark in the hall that was spotted, and some training equipment had been absolutely demolished, but compared to before their bargain Ren had calmed himself considerably. ‘It’s worth it,’ Hux reminded himself. He tried to tell himself there was strength and cunning in his decision. A lesser man would have gotten himself killed, would have had his mind broken under the stress of the situation. Hux tried to convince himself of it. This arrangement was not a defeat or a surrender, it was just another tactic. A means to a greater end. He was strong for realizing and taking advantage of it. He was resourceful for realizing he could use himself as a bargaining chip. Hux traced his lips. When Ren’s mouth was not cold from nerves the act of kissing itself was not an unpleasant one. Under different circumstances it might have been relaxing and therapeutic. Releasing endorphins into the brain, reducing stress, it was not an action that was without its merits. Ren could be doing worse things to punish him, much worse. This was not the worst situation Hux could have found himself in. So why did he feel so worthless every time Ren finished with him? Hux kept the Finalizer at a distance. The large ship would no doubt be detected if it got too close. A squadron of TIE fighters was to be sent instead. Ren insisted on being a member of the strike team. Hux would have rather kept Ren on board, even in spite of their tumultuous relationship, somewhere within hearing distance. If he had Ren’s power, to perceive where the enemy was and what their plans were, he would not want to be stationed at the front. Someone like that ought to be devising tactics, constantly communicating with field officers and giving them directions, not charging recklessly with a laser sword in hand. Ren would be Ren though, and he insisted on killing up close and personal. It was a waste of energy in Hux’s opinion. Why run up to an opponent, swinging wildly to cut them in half, when one could hole up somewhere inconspicuous and pick them off one by one at several hundred yards without breaking a sweat. Better yet, why not destroy the whole planet and kill the lot of them with the push of a button? Though Ren had better not kill them all. This time. Hux wanted to know where the rest of them were. He suspected the New Republic. It was a little too convenient that their fleet happened to arrive time and time again when the Resistance was in danger. It was always a little too coincidental that raids took place near the neutral territory of the New Republic. It was a little too suspicious that the Resistance was always well-supplied and their ships well-maintained. The mission went less smoothly than Hux would have hoped. Something had tipped the Resistance off. Their radars had not picked up the Finalizer , but something must have warned them of their approach. This had General Organa written all over it. She seemed to have the ability to track and predict their movements beyond the capabilities their technology should have permitted. Having high enough information clearance, he knew Organa was Darth Vader’s biological daughter. It would not have surprised him if she was using the same sorcery as Ren. The outpost, which was more of a safe-house than anything else, had easily been taken. There was nobody there. Ren chopped everything in sight to pieces, including the databases, which had no doubt been wiped prior to departure. Hux still scowled at the idea that Ren might have destroyed a vital clue. All that rush to get well enough to direct the assault himself and the targets had run away and Ren had destroyed a possible lead. Hux stood on the bridge, looking out into the asteroid field. He ordered Mitaka to open a communications channel to Ren. “Lord Ren,” said Hux, careful to use the knight’s proper title in front of the rest of the crew. One of them had to have a sense of propriety after all, “Can you sense them at all?” “Cowards! I’ll kill them! I’ll chase them back to-” “Close the channel lieutenant, I doubt we’ll get anything coherent until he can calm himself,” said Hux, about to pinch the bridge of his nose before he stopped himself, “Captain Phasma, is there anything that can be salvaged?” “Nothing sir. Some personal effects, possibly a diary. It’s written in Twi’lek.” It was better than nothing. Hux searched the database for crew members who were fluent in Twi’lek. Quite a few were listed as competent, only three fluent. Colonel Kripke, Private Neava, and a technician named Ipwitch. He sent out messages for them to be on standby. Hopefully it would lead to something worthwhile. “Sir, Lord Ren appears to be…well he’s worse than usual, Sir.” “How so?” demanded Hux. “He wishes to pursue the enemy beyond the border into the Hosnian system. He’s threatening to pilot his ship himself if we will not pursue the Resistance.” They could not attack. They had not been given orders. Not yet. Not alone. Ren needed to be stopped. “Lieutenant Mitaka, patch me through again,” ordered Hux, “Lord Ren, stand down immediately and return to the Finalizer .” “I won’t sulk on the ship when we can fight! I sense them. They aren’t far past the border. We can still-” “Any aggression on our part would be considered an act of war,” said Hux firmly, cutting him off, “We have not been ordered to engage any vessels within the Hosnian System. We can’t take on their fleet by ourselves. Stand down.” “Hiding behind your desk, giving speeches and orders are all you’re good for!” “Forty six.” Ren remained silent and Hux kept his hands clenched behind his back, his face set like stone. Ren remained quiet. Hux could hear him panting with overexcitement and likely from the exertion of hitting everything in sight with his ridiculous lightsaber. He heard what sounded like the beginnings of a question and quickly cut Ren off. “Return to the Finalizer immediately. You will calm yourself and we will discuss our next move. Comply quickly and I’ll see about having request number forty six approved.” Hux imagined that his officers were staring at him in confusion. They weren’t, but it felt like it. They had heard Hux bargain with Ren before, or attempt to, it was nothing new. Hux tried to convince himself Decuna was not giving him a knowing glance or that Mitaka looked more concerned than usual. It was like after Ren had assaulted him the first time. He was hyper-aware of everyone around him and he was imagining things. He just needed to continue being sensible about the situation. That situation of course being that he was bribing Kylo Ren with intimacy to keep him from making a mess to large for the Finalizer to handle. “Forty six?” said Kylo, sounding confused. There was a moment of silence. Hux thought he felt something sift through his mind as Kylo let out a quiet laugh, “I wasn’t expecting you to bribe me General.” “I wasn’t expecting you to try to run off like a spoiled child,” countered Hux, “Return immediately or I’ll leave you on the bloody asteroid. General Hux out.” What had he done? Hux turned on his heels, “Lieutenant Mitaka, you have the bridge. I need to prepare for Lord Ren’s arrival.” He walked out quickly, sharply, not a hair out of place, the image of calm and perfection. As soon as the blast doors closed behind him he allowed his breath to quicken. What was forty six? He was certain he remembered. He had an eidetic memory for goodness sakes. Yet he was questioning himself. He was panicking. What if he had said the wrong number on accident? What if in his confusion or haze from being hit in the head he had remembered things wrong? What if he had just given Ren permission, in front of dozens of witnesses, to do something unspeakable to him? First order of business was confirming exactly what he had agreed to. He kept himself under control as he navigated the labyrinth of halls and broke into a scramble as soon as he reached his quarters. He had hidden Ren’s sordid little list in a hidden compartment inside a safe. It was the only thing he kept in the safe. Hux had no valuable personal effects, and he kept most of his data on a secured datapad. Ren’s list was the only thing he had that needed to be hidden from prying eyes. He considered burning it, but realized it would be a rash thing to do. If he got rid of it Ren might try to argue that there was something more written on it, or that Hux had scribbled some promise or other in the margins. He quickly scanned down the list, ignoring what was written and counting off each and every sinful wish. He muttered the numbers out loud. That was not good, that meant he was starting to lose control. Hux worked his way down and his fingers stopped. ‘ Sleep with you.’ Hux recalled that when he first read it, he had felt a little relieved. It had meant that Ren was not intent on sharing quarters with him, and that Ren would leave him alone after their ‘sessions’. The language of everything else was fairly explicit, sleeping in this case clearly meant sleeping. The only reason Hux had not approved of it before was that he was not comfortable having the knight around when he was unconscious and vulnerable. He doubted Ren would kill him, but it was possible nonetheless. Though the more pressing and likely threat was that Ren might violate him while he was sleeping. He might not even realize that he was doing something wrong. Every time Ren got aggressive he seemed more offended at Hux’s rejections than any possible crime he might have committed. They were crimes, Hux reminded himself. If he was in a position where he felt he could report them and not lose any respect from the rest of the Order, if it had not been the ultimate sign of weakness, he would have reported Ren and had him arrested. It would not have worked on someone like Ren, but Hux allowed himself to indulge in the fantasy of Ren being hauled off in handcuffs to face a tribunal. Hux looked around his quarters. Ren would be coming soon, and Hux knew he could not back out of this. The security shift changed around the twenty-second hour of a twenty-four hour cycle, and then again at the sixth hour. If Ren came just before the twenty-second hour and left just after the sixth hour the following morning, it should not arouse much suspicion. The guards on the overnight shift would not see Ren at all, while the others would assume that he would leave, or had just left, during a different guard’s shift. Hux made a note of that. It might allow a Resistance spy to slip past more easily if someone learned their schedule. Hux rarely drank, especially on duty, but he wanted to be numb. If he was spending the night with Kylo Ren wrapped around him, he was not doing it sober. He had tried sobriety and alertness before and it had done nothing to help him. It had just made him all the more acute to Ren’s touches. Hux practically marched to the preserver and pulled out a bottle of whiskey. He had no idea where it came from, he could not even read the label, he just knew it smelled like paint thinner and turpentine. He poured himself out a glass, took a sip, and looked about desperately for something to get the infernal taste out of his mouth. Bonus Stupidity: “General Hux, Sir!” called Mitaka over the comlink, “This is a routine reminder that you still have a workshop at 18 hours.” Hux, completely sloshed, whiskey bottle in hand, sighed and stumbled out of his quarters, “I mean…God damn it, right?” He arrived at the conference room where a large assembly was waiting for him. He looked about the room as he began, “Right. Today we’re talking about shhhexual harassment. We’re talking about shhexual harassment today. It’s what we’re talking about.” Hux stumbled across the stage, spilling liquor as he went and pointed to a large board behind him, “You think it can’t happen to you. You’re just walking down the hall one day and BAM!” Hux slammed his hand against the board behind him, “Sexual harassment! And I mean, it’s right out of nowhere! Nobody sees it coming! I mean, who the fuck saw this coming!? I didn’t see it coming! You didn’t see it coming! Just, BAM, there it was!” The assembled officers began to squirm in their seats uncomfortably. Hux took a long drink of whiskey before he continued, “So how can you avoid it? You can’t! Because so long as there’s an overpowered horny bastard out there who doesn’t understand consent, you’re fucked! And you're fucked! And you’re fucked! We’re ALL fucked!” Mitaka whimpered from his seat in the corner. “And that’s the irony isn’t it? You spend your whole life not being fucked, but it’s life that finally fucks you!” raved Hux, “Well I’m tired of life fucking me, I’m going to fuck my life!” Hux pounded back the rest of his whiskey, dropped the mic, and strode off the stage. Highly illegal holovids of General Hux giving a drunken sexual harassment seminar were sold to Kanjiklub for an absurd price the following day. Chapter 7 : Until the Morning we Lay as One Notes: The song Hux is singing in the Bonus Stupidity is from an Irish TV show called The Savage Eye. To my knowledge the song is called The Song at Bedtime. You can find it on YouTube here : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1c8N1uKjkS4 My tiny sinner hands continue to make Hux suffer... By the time Ren arrived, Hux was more than buzzed. The glass had been drained several times and he could no longer feel his toes and fingertips. His brain felt horribly frazzled and he was having difficulty keeping a clear train of thought. One thought never entered his head, and would be suppressed for the rest of the evening. His blaster, a new one without physical projectiles, was hidden under the mattress on the side of the bed near the wall. If Ren got out of hand, Hux knew he ought to be able to reach it and hit Ren at point blank, intoxicated or otherwise. His lips also felt tingly. He pressed them together and the strangest sensation would pass through them. Ren did the same thing when he seemed nervous. It was something Hux had not seen an adult do before, when he thought about it. Actions like that, along with nail biting and nervous scratching were trained out of most children he had known by the age of seven at the absolute latest. Ren walked in at twenty one and a half hours and was once again greeted by the sight of Hux, drunk and wearing fatigues. He did not seem to have been expecting to see Hux tapping at his lower lip curiously. Ren grinned, Hux glowered. “How did you get in?” demanded Hux. “You had a security code delivered, with an appointment reminder,” said Kylo, holding up a datapad. Oh, right, he had done that. Hux glared at the empty glass. This was the whiskey’s fault. “I was surprised. After all that fussing, you invited me ,” said Kylo. He was intolerably pleased with himself. Hux decided he did not like it when Kylo smiled. It was like being thrown to the floor and kicked in the gut. Just a reminder of how low he had stooped and how much he had failed. Kylo looked him over and Hux crossed his arms. The knight continued, “I know what you’re probably telling yourself, but it’s getting harder for you to deny that you enjoy this.” “It’s still quite easy; I don’t enjoy it. There. Easier than shooting Gungans in an escape pod,” protested Hux drunkenly. Kylo furrowed his brow and looked Hux over. Not in the hungry, predatory way he usually did, but a more clinical appraisal. He came closer and Hux took a step back to try to put some distance between them. The knight glanced back at the empty rock glass before cupping Hux’s alcohol-reddened cheek in one of his large hands. Kylo arched his brow slightly, “…you’re drunk?” “So?” asked Hux petulantly, shaking his head free from Kylo’s grip. Kylo shook his head disapprovingly, “I don’t…want to do anything while you’re drunk. That stuff messes with your mind, Hux.” That was interesting. Most cases that Hux had read about indicated that predators preferred their targets to be incapacitated by heavy drinking. Was Kylo Ren growing a conscience? Probably not, but it was a useful bit of information. Kylo Ren did not want to touch him while he was drunk. Hux would bear it in mind when they arrived at the next port and planned to stock up on alcohol. He did wonder why Ren disliked drunkenness so much. He mentioned the mind, not the brain, so it might have had something to do with the Force. Perhaps it had something to do with his 'energy' or some such ridiculousness. “Want to go to the bedroom?” The words slammed into Hux the way Phasma would slam him into a training matt and snapped him out of his thoughts. He had prepared himself for this mentally, but hearing it made it feel too real for comfort. Still, there was some comfort. Ren didn’t want him drunk. His mouth went dry nonetheless his eyes subconciously flicked towards the doorway. “I’ll carry you,” offered Kylo with a smirk, “You don’t look very steady.” “You’ll do no such thing,” said Hux, backing away and nearly tripping on a chair. He was not some blushing virginal prize for the knight to sweep up in his arms and toss on a bed like a barbarian. “I won’t,” said the knight, pulling him into an embrace. A strong hand gripped the back of Hux’s head and pushed it against Ren’s shoulder, “Next time I’ll kill them. You’re not theirs to hurt.” If the words had not been so frightfully possessive the sentiment would have been touching. Hux pulled away, “I called you here early to appear inconspicuous, however I don’t actually sleep until twenty two and a half hours at the absolute earliest. You’re free to entertain yourself in the meantime.” “What do you do? You’re off duty,” observed Kylo. “I read, I study, I make plans,” slurred Hux, picking his datapad from off the table. He quickly opened a volume on how to survive when trapped on an ice planet, hoping Ren had not seen anything resembling histories of Jedi killers. He flipped past the book’s introduction, “I plan on reading for at least a solid hour. There’s whiskey if you can drink it, water if you can’t, and I’m sure there’s a holovid or two in the database that might interest you.” Hux did not glance up as he moved to sit down. Ren caught him by the shoulders, “You can read in bed.” “Ren,” said Hux warningly. For someone who claimed to be turned off by his drunkenness, Ren was being awfully pushy. “Hux,” said Kylo mockingly, “You’re drunk, and need to lie down. You can read in bed. And when we’re alone you call me Kylo, remember?” Ren was tugging him in the direction of the bedroom. Hux could see this was a fight he was not going to win. He told himself it could be worse. If he had said forty five he would have been subjected to ‘frottage.’ Whatever that was. Probably something dirty and obscene. “Have you washed?” asked Hux. “No,” came the careless reply. Hux pulled away, “You’ve been in a small vessel most of the day, in armour and layers of thick robes. You’re going to smell awful. Go wash up. I hope you brought something to sleep in.” “Of course not. How would it look if I was seen walking here with a change of clothes under my arms?” said Ren, who obviously still wanted their bizarre relationship kept a secret. To what end, Hux had no idea. The General had plenty of reasons why he did not want the crew knowing what Ren was doing to him, but what of the knight? With his possessive streak it made more sense for him to openly and brazenly stake a claim. Not that Hux was going to complain. If Ren wanted the whole thing kept under wraps, Hux was not going to openly question it. “Right,” groaned Hux, “There are a few sets of fatigues in the closet. Something should fit you.” Ren grinned at him. Hux glowered, “Whether you plan on touching me or not, you’re not sleeping next to me naked.” “Well, I’m going to stretch your fatigues out. You insisted on this, so don’t complain after, alright?” said Kylo, grinning to himself as he went to rummage through the closet. Hux sat on the bed, claiming the side near the wall and keeping his focus on the datapad. He let himself get absorbed in the volume, all of his surface thoughts would be consumed by trivia about how to survive a Wampa attack. All the while he could hear the unfamiliar sounds of someone else in his room, milling about, rummaging, and finally stepping into the wash area. Hux had not had a roommate since he had been a Private, and found the whole thing slightly jarring. He turned his attention back to the book as he heard the water running. He tried not to think about Ren’s audacious long hair clogging the drains. He tried not to think about having to clean Ren’s hair out of the drains. He tried not to think about how Ren was going to come out, soaking wet, more than likely bare chested, and start running his hands all over him again. Wampas. He had to focus on Wampas. So their jaws could crush human bone. How fascinating. He could not focus. It must have been the alcohol. It certainly was not his own fault. The water shut off and Hux started. It was happening. It was really going to happen. He looked at the pages projected from the datapad. He ignored Ren emerging from the shower and tossing his towel in a corner, which was difficult. Used towels did not belong on the floor. Ren hovered over him, right in the corner of Hux’s peripheral vision, daring him to pay some sort of attention. Slowly it got to him. He could not concentrate on the book with Ren’s eyes on him like that. “You’re cute when you’re out of uniform and not antagonizing me,” said Ren, “You look better like this. Harmless and comfortable.” “Don’t patronize me,” warned Hux. “And always so feisty .” Hux glared at him and bit back a snarl. Kylo slipped in next to him. He was warm, slightly damp, especially his hair which was a surprisingly pleasant combination of both. Hux’s own hair had never been long enough for him to realize that human hair could feel like that. Kylo guided him, much to Hux’s chagrin, onto his bare chest, forcing his head to lean back under his chin. Kylo pressed his cheek to the top of Hux’s head and wrapped an arm around him. His body was ridiculously solid. It might as well have been metal or stone. If he had worn his armour to bed it would have probably felt the same, minus the heat of course. “So, Wampa killing. Planning a trip to Hoth?” asked Ren. “I’m trying to read,” countered Hux. “Your hair’s too bright. You’d stand out in the snow and get eaten by something,” said Kylo. “If my hair was exposed, it would mean part of my head was likely exposed, and I would get severe frostbite, never mind the Wampas,” muttered Hux, “Look, are you going to let me read, or not?” “Keep going, it seems riveting,” said Kylo sarcastically. He squeezed Hux and whispered, “I’m more interesting than anything in that book, and you know it.” Hux felt the tingling, shivering sensation down his back again. He could feel Kylo smile against the top of his head, damn him. Between Ren’s weight and the whiskey he could feel himself ready to collapse. He scowled, “Get off of my head Ren.” “How’s this then?” Hux froze as Kylo shifted, moving out from under him and laying his head across his chest. Hux held both of his hands in the air, not sure of when he ought to put them as Ren wrapped an arm around him, “Better, General?” How the devil was he supposed to answer that? No, it was not better, it was worse. He looked over Ren, trying to figure out the most comfortable place to put his hands so he would not be touching the knight. He could not hold his arms up forever. Ren solved the dilemma for him by catching his arm and holding it to his chest. Hux froze again. “It’s fun reminding you you’re human,” said Ren, “Not a droid like you pretend to be.” “I know I’m human, I don’t need your reminders,” said Hux, turning the page with his free hand. He tried to focus on the book, but Ren’s thoughts were radiating again. It was pure need. Not for sex, but intimacy. Hux could practically hear him crying out for someone to hold him, stroke his hair, rub his back. Ren might well have been trying to recreate a childhood memory, or make up for a lost childhood. He wondered how often Ren accidentally projected like that, and if anyone else on the ship had heard him. He wondered if Ren actually cared who heard him. Hux wondered if he would care more about the mental invasion if he was sober. Probably, but he could not help that now. Ren pressed Hux’s fingers. He wanted something, clearly, or he would not have gotten Hux’s attention. It was not teasing or disparaging, or Hux was certain he would have vocalized it. Hux tried to ignore him and focus on the book in front of him. Ren squeezed Hux’s hand again and nuzzled against his chest, letting out a needy sigh. Hux gritted his teeth and tried to continue. Ren whined more insistently and pulled Hux’s hand to his mouth, rubbing his face on it. Hux, desperate to ignore it and show his disinterest began to read out loud, “A Wampa will often drag its prey back to its den. The cold will preserve a corpse for several weeks, allowing the animal to eat at its leisure. Naturalists have observed that some Wampas will actually ration out their prey, while others will eat their kill all at once. This behaviour depends on-” “What are you doing?” asked Kylo, who was the confused party for once. “I’m reading out loud to make sure I absorb everything and you don’t distract me,” slurred Hux, “Now shut up and let me read.” Hux was determined to finish the chapter. Ren seemed determined to distract him. The knight pressed in closer to his chest as he read, bringing Hux’s hand to his hair. It was an invitation, one that Hux was not comfortable accepting. Ren held it there for several paragraphs, squeezing Hux’s hand insistently before the General gave in. So there he was, the youngest General in the order’s history, prowling the border of the New Empire, the scourge of the Resistance slime, stroking Kylo Ren’s hair and reading him a bedtime story. Thank goodness he was drunk. It could have been worse, thought Hux, remembering the list. Much worse. This was one of the more pleasant ways the day could have ended. He got through the chapter, for better or for worse and shut the datapad off. Ren was not moving, and Hux was not going to throw the device across the room the way the knight had done with the towel. He shoved it under the pillow instead and ordered the lights to be set to zero percent. He usually did not sleep on his back, but with Ren’s weight keeping him in place Hux figured he was going to have to get used to it. “Hux, can I talk to you?” “You know I’m tired and drunk, don’t you?” “I know, that’s why I want to ask you now. You don’t seem so…angry, when you’re drunk.” “Imagine that…” muttered Hux. Ren whispered against Hux’s chest, “Do you ever feel like your feelings are tearing you apart.” “Sounds like anxiety,” said Hux, now slightly more interested. Ren had anxiety? Over what? He never acted like he was conflicted about anything. What was more, anxiety probably exasperated his lack of empathy. Not only would he refuse to accept the reasoning or emotions behind any refusal Hux gave him, but his anxiousness would heighten his desperation not to be rejected. “I feel like that a lot,” said Ren quietly, “You know at least a little about the Force, don’t you? That there are dark and light sides?” “I do…” replied Hux, trying to force himself to sober up for this conversation. “I can use both. My Master wants me to keep using both. He thinks it will make me stronger, but I feel them pulling at each other. I want to choose one, but I’m afraid of losing the other, or becoming weaker…” “That certainly sounds like anxiety,” mused Hux, more to himself than Ren. “How do I make it stop?” asked Ren pathetically, but if Hux got no reprieve from his pain, why should the knight? “You can stave it off by distracting yourself, but it won’t go away until your decision is irreversibly made, I think,” said Hux, “So what difference does it mean for you if you choose? A loss of certain power or abilities.” “Something like that…” said Ren quietly. Hux did not press for more information, and Kylo kept his mouth shut. The knight occasionally nuzzled against his chest, or pulled Hux closer, making himself comfortable, while the General splayed his limbs out in an attempt to make as little physical contact as possible. Kylo was very close to being completely on top of him. This was getting out of hand. “I can’t breathe,” said Hux, shoving at Ren. The knight sighed and moved off of him. Hux lay on his side facing the wall. He usually slept on his other side, facing the door with his dominant hand free in case he needed it. Nothing about this was comfortable. Ren pressed body against his back and his lips against Hux’s neck. Ren made his back shiver again, damn him. Hux was considering having a physician look into that. The sensation could not have been normal. Surely there was a pill or serum or something that could get rid of it. “Don’t cure it, I like it,” whispered Ren, relaxed and sleepy, right up against his nape “Feels like you’re melting.” “You would like it if I melted, wouldn’t you?” said Hux under his breath, “And I told you not to look at my thoughts. I don’t like it.” “Only when you’re being a dick,” said Ren, squeezing them together in a tight embrace and ignoring his discomfort, “But when you’re like this…pressed against me and shivering, I’d never want you to melt away.” He’d completely ignored Hux’s protest. Again. He was too drunk to be aggravated with the knight or disturbed by the way he liked the feeling of Hux trembling. Ren nuzzled against the General, breathing loudly through his mouth and sniffing occasionally as Hux shivered against him. Ren continued to talk to him quietly, “I really like how your hair smells, and it’s nice and soft…” “I don’t like being called soft,” said Hux quietly. “But you are,” said Ren, quietly, but incredulously, “No scars, nice and smooth, and your hair is light. Maybe not the way you act, but you feel soft…I love how soft you are Hux.” Hux sighed. It could be worse. It could have been much worse. He did not remember falling asleep. He only realized he had done so when he woke up in the middle of the night, Ren breathing heavily against his neck, his bare arms still circling his middle. Hux berated himself for dropping his guard, thanking whatever force in the universe that was still on his side that Ren had not hand his way with him during the night. Hux had been trained to keep awake for days at a time if necessary, in case he was tracking an enemy in his sights, under duress or deployed in an area that ran on a different time cycle. He knew he ought to have been able to keep himself awake. Damn Ren. Hux was not sure how, but as usual the knight was to blame. That or the alcohol. He felt warm. The mind-numbing effect had worn off, but now he was overheated and hungover. He remembered thinking that, and he could not recall falling asleep again until his alarm went off. Or rather, his alarm went off and Ren nearly crushed him in his surprise. “Alarm off!” called Hux when he caught his breath. Damned Ren knocking the wind from his lungs. Ren looked down at him apologetically. His hair was a wreck. That must have been what happened when someone slept with wet hair. Hux rolled his eyes, “It’s about five hours. You should get ready to leave.” “You’re not on duty until eight hours,” said Ren. “I like to exercise,” said Hux, “I also need to eat, clean myself, get rid of this hangover, dress-” Ren lay back down on his chest, “Skip the exercise.” “I would rather-” “A day won’t kill you. Stay.” Hux tried to push Ren off of him. The knight did not seem to be taking pains to hold him down. There was no pining or abuse of his power to keep Hux in place. Ren was heavy though, limp and groggy on top of him, “You need to be out of this room in an hour.” “Ten more minutes,” said Kylo, clinging tighter. Hux groaned and lay back. He had been certain that Ren was in his mid-twenties at most, but everything about him suggested he was an adolescent. ‘Ten more minutes.’ Hux could not recall a single time in his life when he had pleaded for ten more minutes of sleep. “Hux?” “What?” “How long do you think you need?” “For what?” “Until you’re ready.” “Ready for what?” demanded Hux. Ren nuzzled against him, “You know what. You’ve sobered up, and we have almost an hour…” Oh flux… “Look,” said Hux, digging his datapad from underneath the pillow. He needed to think of something else, anything else. Just to show Ren how disinterested he was. He shook his head as he checked the progress reports from storage. The chemical leak had been contained but thankfully nothing had been contaminated. The cleaning process was going a little too slowly for Hux’s liking though. He glanced down at Ren and repeated, “Look, you know I’m incapable of reciprocating whatever it is you feel for me. My mind isn’t wired for it. You’re better off finding someone who thinks the same as you.” “Doesn’t mean you can’t enjoy it,” said Ren, sounding tired, “I know you like it. You said so. And I can see and feel you react. Saying you don’t like it at this point is like saying you can survive being thrown out an airlock.” “It’s not about enjoying it, it’s about wanting it. Just because you like…” Hux trailed off trying to think of some sort of dessert, “Confectioneries doesn’t mean you want them all the time, if at all.” “True,” said Ren quietly, “But you don’t seem like the sort who lets himself have the things he enjoys at all. I’ve been watching for a while…I know there are lots of things you like that you don’t give yourself time for. There’s a difference between delayed gratification and no gratification at all.” Ren’s hand trailed down his side, then back up before settling across his chest. Hux tried his best to ignore it and concentrate on work, but it was hot against him, only separated by a thin shirt. He also tried to forget what the knight had said about watching him for a while. How long? Weeks? Months? Since the beginning? Ren’s fingers plucked at the shirt like it was a stringed instrument, “You’re so pretty, Hux…you deserve to be gratified. You deserve to be pleased…” “That’s very flattering, but I don’t want that now, I’m hungover and…” said Hux quietly, he tried to think of something to deter Kylo, “I know the Supreme Leader told you not to hurt me or interrupt my work. Surely he must have told you that you should stop if I said no.” Ren’s hand stopped and he let out a genuinely confused, “Why would that come up? You want it, you just don’t feel ready.” Hux paused. Nobody had told Ren what to do if he said ‘no’? Had it not come up in the conversation or did the Supreme Leader simply expect him to… No. No, that could not be it. Hux considered his devotion to the First Order full and complete, and while he knew Kylo Ren was one of their most important assets, surely he was not expected to accept this and allow it to happen. There had to have been some mistake. Just a miscommunication. He would bring it up at the next meeting. Explain that…explain… Kylo Ren had forced himself on Hux when he was supposedly capable and strong, then manipulated him despite Hux supposedly having an iron will. It would make him seem so weak, so helpless. Hardly someone who ought to be kept in a position of command. The Supreme Leader might… Hux decided it was best to keep quiet. If Ren wanted to pluck at his shirt, then that was fine so long as he stayed quiet and did not try to do anything else. He looked at the cleaning staff lists, only a few of them had been trained to handle chemical spills. If he wanted the spill dealt with faster he would have to get more people trained. He sent messages out for one of the senior members to hold a training session and get some of the others up to speed enough that they could handle the chemicals without hurting themselves. He glanced at the timestamp. “Ten minutes are up. I’ll let you dress first,” said Hux, tapping Ren’s shoulder irritavly, trying to change the subject. He did not want to think about this. Think of work, think about schedules, anything but Ren’s desires, “If you don’t get ready and leave soon we’ll get caught.” Ren groaned. Hux called out, “Lights fifty percent.” Ren groaned again as the lights came on, cringing against Hux’s chest. Hux prodded him, “Come on, you need to get that ridiculous armour on. You’ve already put me behind schedule.” Ren propped himself up, one hand on either side of Hux. He should have been worried, he should have been very worried, yet all he could think was that this was what he had been unable to see last night in the dark. Kylo Ren, hair extremely mussed, eyes dark and heavy, barely awake, naked chest heaving, defined abdominal muscles Hux knew he could never achieve. The monster of a manchild leaned over him and Hux’s nerves kicked in again. Ren kissed him on the forehead, as if Hux were a small boy, then rolled off of him unceremoniously. The General propped himself up on his elbows and watched Ren stumble towards the wash area, rubbing his eyes as he did. Sighing, Hux got out of bed. He would wait until Ren was finished before changing into his uniform, wanting to guarantee he would have some privacy when he undressed. Ren had only cut into ten minutes or so of his usual morning exercise, but he could still make the most of his remaining time. He stretched out, did some light cardio work before getting down on the floor. It was so routine that he could have probably done all of the sets in his sleep. Arms first, then abdominals, then legs, then patterns. At this point the pre-choreographed fighting patterns were better ingrained in his mind than the face of his own father. Hux enjoyed them; the patterns, not his father. They kept his reflexes sharp, honed his instincts, and helped him get riled up for another day of…Ren’s dick. Ren’s dick? Hux stopped mid-pushup, staring as if he had been run through with a spear, as Ren emerged from the refresher, drenched, completely nude. Hux felt his blood run cold. Would Ren try to…? The knight either did not realize he was naked, or did not care. He seemed half awake as he used his power to call the towel he had tossed away back into his waiting hand and shut the door behind himself. There was a list of things that Hux had hoped not to deal with today. One of those things was seeing Ren’s penis. He rolled over onto his back. If the universe had stopped trying then he bloody well was not going to try anymore either. Hux groaned. Why him? If Ren wanted to satisfy his animal urges why him? Why not wait for shore leave and hire the nearest prostitute like everyone else? Hux looked at the ceiling. That thing had been massive, for what it was, and Ren made no secret about where he wanted to put it. How was that supposed to work? Was it physically possible? If it didn’t fit would Ren try to jam it in anyways? Hux hoped Ren got bored before he got an answer to any of those questions. He did not want to think about it. He tried to distract himself from the thought of Ren ra…no, not that word, never that word. The knight might just fly off the rail and kill him. Ren emerged some time later, fully clothed, thank goodness. He stood over Hux who stared up at the ceiling from his place on the floor. Hux closed his eyes as Ren stared down at him, “You are a horrible man.” “You’re horrible too,” said Ren, “But I think I’ll keep you.” “Wonderful,” groaned Hux, trying to hide how unnerved he was. Ren crouched down to pat him on the head before making his exit. Hux growled and continued his push-ups. Bonus Stupidity "Hux...sing me a lullaby," pleaded Ren. "Feck off..." grumbled Hux. "Pleeeeeeeeeeeeease?" begged Ren. Hux sighed and pulled a guitar from hammer space. He strummed a few chords as an intro before he began to sing, "You should go to sleep right now, and I'll tuck your body into bed." Ren smiled and settled against Hux's lap as he continued to sing, allowing himself to drift of slightly. The General continued, "Be glad that you are young right now, because it just gets worse from here." Ren's eyes snapped open. Hux continued to sing, "You will encounter disappointment at every stage of your life, I promise you." Ren whimpered. "And most of your dreams will not come true, but people try to tell you that they do, oh~" Ren stared at Hux in abject horror. "You will lose close friends and relatives to cancer, and other horrible unpredictable scenarios." "H-Hux..." whimpered Ren. "Your inability to express sexual desire, will awaken in an inner genetic Arkanisian fire. These are the reasons that start people drinking. Your Arkanisian neurosis will give you." Hux paused before going in for a particularly high note, "Liver cirrhosis." "Hux please stop," pleaded Ren. "And then you will die because everybody dies," sang Hux. "Ah!" Ren cried out. "Life is but a fleeting string of sorrows." "Hux stop..." begged Ren. "But don't think about that right now, just close your eyes and think about angels and rainbows," finished Hux, holding on the last note sweetly before tucking the guitar back into hammer space. Ren stared at him in horror as Hux patted him on the head and settled into bed, "Goodnight Ren." *** Phasma heard a knock at her door. She checked the time stamp and groaned. Dragging herself to the door and smoothing out her bedhead, she could only guess who would be so obnoxious as to wake her at this hour. She pressed the panel by the blast doors to open them. It was Kylo Ren clutching a blanket and pillow. Because of course it was. "Hux's lullaby gave me an existential crisis can I sleep with you?" he pleaded quickly. Phasma covered her eyes with her hand and groaned. She ought to have expected it was only a matter of time before General Hux's deranged lullabies claimed another victim. Chapter 8 : In Stranger's Hands Notes: This chapter was fun for me and my beta, countofeight. Creepiness ahoy! Snoke was not pleased, and when Snoke was displeased Hux got very nervous for his position and his life. He was not pleased that the Resistance had nearly crippled the Finalizer . The Supreme Leader was not pleased that they had escaped. He was not pleased that the Finalizer was behind on its patrols again. Worst of all, Hux had no excuses to fall back on. He could blame Ren for not giving advanced warning, but they should have been able to pick out the ships on the radar among the asteroids. Their gunners should have been quicker. They should have made a faster pursuit. All Hux could do was pray that the Supreme Leader was in a good enough mood to not have him reposted to the Outer Rim. “Master,” Ren’s voice broke in before the hologram of Snoke could hand down his judgement, “General Hux was gravely injured during the attack on the Finalizer .” Hux’s eyes, which had been fixed ahead as he tried not to betray fear, snapped open wide as he rounded on Ren. The knight’s mask was on, Hux had no idea what he was doing or thinking. He wanted to strangle Ren. Was this some sort of powerplay? Trying to show Hux once again just how weak and incapable he was? No, he reminded himself, Ren did not want to jepardize his command. That was what he was using to coerce him into their strange and unsettling relationship. So what was he…? Was Ren attempting to stand up for him? Hux might not have minded if the person Ren was defending him to anyone other than the Supreme Leader. If Ren said something subversive here it would not help either of them. The massive hologram darkened. Hux, nerves getting the better of him, began to protest, “It’s nothing, Supreme Leader, I am fit for-” “That isn’t for you to decide General.” Hux felt the air around himself become colder. Was this the Supreme Leader’s presence? The chill coupled with the enormous vision towering over him was terrifying. More terrifying than Ren and all his antics. He couldn’t look away from the monstrous form long enough to glare at Ren, but he send what rage he could summon in the knight’s direction and hoped he could feel every ounce of it. If Ren’s stupid outburst had just cost him his command… “You will rejoin the main fleet under Grand Admiral Tarkin. She will lead an attack on the New Republic.” A blessing and a curse. The Finalizer was still his to command, Ren had not foiled that for him. On the other hand, he was going to be placed under the temporary command of Admiral Helmeena ‘The Hell Raiser’ Tarkin. His ship was his own, but he would be taking direct orders from a CO again, like a common underling. He kept his disgust under control, especially for Helmeena Tarkin. Her pedigree was excellent, the grandniece of one of the Old Empire’s finest leaders, The Grand Moff himself, all of her other family lines coming from prestigious Imperial families. Every drop of blood in her veins represented the finest the First Order had to offer. It was really too bad that Tarkin was completely insane. She had been secretly sent to reconditioning three times in her career for an inability to conform, and each time she came back she had been more incorrigible than when she was sent away. Her superiors were forced to give up because it was not working, and Helmeena’s presence was too valuable of a propaganda tool to have her executed. Instead, she was sent on suicide missions, her superiors not knowing what other use such an unruly officer might be put to. Helmeena came back alive every time, and by the age of nineteen she had more confirmed kills in her record than most officers in their forties and fifties. Her reputation for courage and mercilessness spread. Her superiors kept her under lock and key, fearing what her rash and violent ways would do to the fledgling Order’s image. She was like Kylo Ren, after a manner, though fortunately she did not have the Force at her disposal. She rose through the ranks on her accomplishments and fame. She was a celebrity in all the First Order systems. Women believed she was something to be aspired to, idealistic men thought that she could be cured of her battle-lust with tender love and care, the Resistance imagined that she bathed in the blood of baby Ewoks. The Resistance was probably the closest to being correct. And she was the one leading the charge against the Republic fleet. If Hux knew Admiral Hell Raiser like he thought he did, there was a high probability that she would just order all ships to crash into the opposing fleet and kill everyone in a blaze of glory. “Yes Supreme Leader,” said Hux, “I will report to her immediately.” “Do not allow yourself to be delayed again General.” Hux felt his blood run cold, “Yes Supreme Leader.” He knew when he was being dismissed. He turned on his heels and walked towards the door, staring down into the abyss on either side of him. His ears burned with humiliation. So Ren’s silly infatuation was not going to put a damper on their rivalry. Hux was not sure if he was glad for that or not. At any rate, he had to prepare to deal with not one, but two overgrown children. He hoped against hope that Admiral Hell Raiser had calmed down since their last encounter. She had to be twenty-five by now. As the blast doors began to close behind, Hux heard the Supreme Leader speak, “It is good that you have begun to indulge in your desires.” Hux stopped. Ren’s desire, he knew what that meant. Or at least he thought he did. Worried that he was involved somehow, Hux considered opening the blast doors again, although doing so could be nothing but foolish. Still, he wanted to say something. The Supreme Leader might not know he was unwilling. Ren might be feeding him lies about their dynamic. It was a reckless thing to do or think, but Hux wanted to charge back in and expound upon what Ren had done. The knight might not be severely punished, he was still needed, but surely, surely the Supreme Leader would give some sort of reprimand. If he did not chastise Hux for showing weakness first. Hux balled his fists and walked away, hoping that Ren had some other desire that needed sorting out with the Supreme Leader. His stomach began knotting itself again as he stalked off and tried to convince himself he had not heard anything at all. “It is good that you have begun to indulge in your desires.” Kylo could never recall exactly when he had become aware of his Master’s presence. Sometimes he thought that Snoke had always been there, like air or water, a thing that was always present but was never given much mind. Other times he was fairly certain it was when he was a young child, four or five perhaps. He could never put an exact date on when their communication started. In fact, Kylo had not been aware that Snoke was a person for quite some time. For quite a few years he had thought his Master was nothing more than a voice that came to him when he was alone, which was often. The voice was there, even when nobody else was, when everyone had sent him away or left him behind, he had that voice to talk to, to comfort him, give him advice and watch over him. It was not until later that the voice revealed himself as a person, someone who wanted to help him become stronger and told him the darkness within him was not something to be frightened or ashamed of. Nobody else ever understood him the way his Master had. He was the only one who ever said his anger was something natural and he was not to blame for it. And when he was alone and upset, his Master would tell him how right he was to be angered with being left behind, no matter what he was told by others about greater goods. He had thought that he was selfish for wanting company, but his Master assured him that this was hardly the case. And when he became older, when he became aware of how limiting and weak the light was, he could draw on his Master’s wisdom. He had always been there, and continued to guide him. “Yes, he has become more pliant,” replied Kylo. He continued. His Master had always encouraged him to be open, and Kylo eagerly complied. Few had shown much interest in his thoughts and feelings before Snoke. No one had wanted to listen the way his Master did. “Before it was frustrating. He refused to admit his own desires. I kiss him and hold him now, when he is not attending his duties, of course.” “General Hux is of great service to the First Order and must not be distracted from his tasks. It is important that you bear this in mind,” his Master reminded him. “I will,” said Kylo obediently. He gazed up at his Master’s hologram through his visor, “May I tell you more about him?” In his thoughts he sent feelings of humility, deference tinged with longing. Snoke knew that he ws the only one that Kylo wanted to discuss these matters with. There was no one else. “It is good for an apprentice to be transparent with their Master.” Snoke gave a lofty, almost elegant wave of his thin hand before settling back into the chair - perhaps a throne - that he sat in. He looked at Kylo, gave him his full attention, let him speak about whatever he wanted and always listened carefully. Kylo removed his helmet so they could look at each other, to give his master still more transparency. “You know that I…touched him, after the last time we spoke,” said Kylo, “I did not intend to distract him and will not hinder him in his duties again. I was curious about him.” “And you gave in to your curiosity,” observed Snoke, “Has it cleared your mind?” “It has made me less frustrated,” admitted Kylo. He smiled quietly to himself, “Did you know he was so soft?” “I was unaware,” replied Snoke. “He is. His skin and hair are like silk,” said Kylo wistfully. He concentrated on the memories, recalling the feel of the General's skin and hair beneath his fingertips, “His lips are soft too, and he smells so good.” “Does his presence bring you closer to darkness?” inquired Snoke. “He does…in fact, I envy him,” confessed Kylo. He felt slightly ashamed to say it, but the fact remained that despite being ignorant of the Force and not being able to feel it, the dark energy that moved through Hux was pure and thick. There was not even a speck of light to be found. He sighed, “His energy is purely dark. He inspires fear and anger wherever he goes. While I am…” “It is important that you pursue both paths,” said Snoke, “But do not imagine your suffering has gone unobserved. I am aware of your struggle, Lord Ren. I know the pains you take to become stronger. It is a heavy burden to bear.” Of course his Master knew. Kylo had told him many times, but it felt good to be reassured. He watched the hologram, sitting before him, lofty and powerful. His Master was ready to listen to him, to guide him, and give him the tools he needed to succeed and be happy. More importantly, while others had left, pursuing this all important ‘greater good,’ his Master had stayed with him. “He makes it easier. When I feel the light becoming too strong, I think about him,” said Kylo, “And I think about how the light would never let me have him.” “They never knew how to approach your feelings,” noted Snoke. Kylo smiled up at him appreciatively. His Master understood him so well. “He agreed to be mine,” said Kylo, “When he was injured I cared for him. I kiss him, when he lets me. He invited me to sleep beside him. The light would never allow any of that.” “It would not,” agreed Snoke. He brought a hand to his mouth thoughtfully, “And it would not allow for any of your darker desires either.” His Master knew about all his wants and desires. Kylo dutifully confided them all in his Master. His desires and feelings made him stronger. His Master validated them all, assured him they were worth pursuing. It made him feel better, stronger, and less alone. Hux had done the same the other night, giving a name to his feelings that he had not heard of before. The feeling of being torn apart by two things in his mind was called ‘anxiety.’ Hux had been so affectionate. It was too bad he had been drunk. “I want to do many things to him,” said Kylo. He paused, his voice becoming quieter, “Did you know he’s a virgin?” “His projections on the topic are…unsubtle,” his Master admitted. Kylo was frankly surprised so few people suspected it. When he thought back on it, it was fairly obvious. Hux gave himself no time for anything remotely entertaining, so it stood to reason that he abstained from sex as well. Kylo thought of him, all covered up in his uniform, hiding all his softness and delicacy underneath it. Whenever it was exposed he tried to hide it, cover up any sign of what might be interpreted as weakness under a symbol of strength. His modesty had been especially stunning in the medical bay. His fingers had been trembling nervously with his blue eyes cast downwards as he fumbled to cover the ivory white of his throat from Kylo’s view. “That means he’ll be mine alone. I get to show him pleasure. And he’s so soft…” Kylo trailed off before continuing his confession, “Sometimes I get impatient. He’s making me wait.” “Is he?” asked Snoke. “He’s stubborn, and he’s figured out how to resist, in his own way. He can’t use the Force, but he draws on memories and his natural senses. For someone like him, he’s very strong. Of course, he can’t fight back if I hold him down and…” Kylo grinned wider, “…when I do hold him down, the way he blushes and squirms is beautiful.” His Master seemed to consider that. Kylo had as well. It was the first time someone without the Force had flung a painful or shocking thought at him. He was used to panicking, desperate feelings and physical struggling, but Hux had been the first to weaponize his mind and memories. It figured he would be able to do that. For as long as he had known Hux, which had not been long, admittedly, barely a year, he had always been clever. Infuriatingly so. He could recall information and memories with ease. He seemed to know everything and could learn more and more without ever seeming to lose or forget anything. Kylo had always hated people like that. He struggled with his ability to focus, have a clear mind and absorb knowledge. People like Hux who were controlled, level-headed and frighteningly intelligent made him angry and jealous. He had wanted to be that. He had wanted to be good once and make everyone proud. He had always fallen short. He knew he had failed because they always left him. Then they sent him away. They would have kept him if he had been good. Though Hux was not exactly what most would call ‘good.’ “Do you force him?” inquired Snoke. “No, I don’t want that,” said Kylo quickly. He did not want to rape Hux. He would never rape Hux. Hux was pure and beautiful, even if he could be exasperating. He deserved better than that. Something as beautiful as Hux ought to be properly cared for and cherished. He was so pretty. He reminded Kylo of…of a doll. He remembered some girls playing with one a long time ago. Hux looked like a delicate blue-eyed doll. He was fine-boned with pristine pale skin, not blotted with moles like Kylo’s own skin. He had never liked his moles, or his nose…or his ears when he thought about it. He had been envious of Hux before. He had such a delicate face. His lips were full and enchantingly pink, his eyes were blue and striking, and of course his hair, shockingly red against the black of his uniform added to his loveliness. There had been many days when he could not decide if he wanted to pepper the General’s lips with kisses or split them open under his fist. He had been so pretty and Kylo had always been so plain and awkward looking. Just the sight of him, proud and pretty, in perfect control, had been enough to drive Kylo to anger. Eventually though, kissing had won out, and Kylo was glad that it had. Hux’s lips were soft and plush against his when the General held still for him and meekly accepted all of his kisses. Hux seemed to care nothing for looks though. He said he was not attracted to anyone, Kylo included. Knowing that Hux didn’t care what he looked like actually made him feel better, but there was always the nagging, needling fear that Hux might suddenly become attracted to someone who looked better. Hux was so beautiful he could have anyone on the ship, if he wanted. But apparently he didn’t. He had said so. He had also said he liked how Kylo made him feel good. That part had required some badgering though. Hux was unbelievably stubborn, but the General had admitted it. Kylo had had to hold him down and show him a security reel of him shivering in his arms before Hux would concede that, yes, he had enjoyed the physical contact Kylo had given him, and then proceeded to make a fuss. Kylo smiled slightly. Hux had felt good when he had shivered in his arms “I want him to ask me,” explained Kylo, “My desire is for him to succumb to me. I want him to bare himself and ask me…no, I want him to beg me to take him. I want him to give in to his cravings, submit and lose control. “I…it’s strange. I want to treat him gently, because he’s so soft and scared. I want to be kind and tender because he deserves love and care. He’s been alone and unloved for so long. But then…I want to corrupt him. Every time I think about how pure and restrained he is I want to tear him down until he’s broken and begging.” Kylo paused, searching for the correct words. His Master waited patiently. He always waited and was ready to listen, “He’s naïve. He’s sensitive to touch. I do want to be gentle with him, but…he has a bit of a temper underneath all his stoic posturing…” “General Hux is still a valued asset to the First Order. It is good for you to indulge your desires, but he must remain alive and functional,” his Master reminded him gently, though it still sounded loud with the way Snoke’s voice filled the nearly empty chamber. “He will,” promised Kylo. He looked up at his Master and confessed, “I have another desire.” “Go on,” said his Master, ready to listen. “I want to name him,” said Kylo, “He doesn’t have a real one. He told me a number. CO…CO-14…CO-1413. I didn’t know that before, but now that I do I want to give him a name.” Snoke seemed thoughtful. “It would be difficult to officially change his designation, though if you wish to call him by a different name in private, it is of no consequence,” assured his Master, “Do you wish to learn more about him?” “Y-Yes,” Kylo said with a slight gasp. “Your position grants you clearance to look at the files of any member of the First Order,” his Master reminded him. Kylo vaguely recalled Hux explaining that while briefing him during their first meeting. He had not been paying much attention, admittedly. Kylo had been alternately marvelling at the shade of Hux’s hair and resisting the desire to strangle the General with the Force to make him stop talking about rules and protocol. But now that he had remembered, he certainly could do that. The file was probably filled with formal, impersonal things, such as his grades from school, reports on any missions he had been involved in, medical records, possibly a list of relatives if Hux had bothered appointing anyone his next-of-kin. He didn’t mind, though, if that were all there was to find. Anything he could learn about Hux was something he wanted to know. The medical records especially interested him. Technology made most procedures non-invasive - most medical exams did not even require a doctor to make physical contact with a patient - but there were exceptions. He wondered if any doctors might have touched his Hux. If any of them had made the General’s back light up with shivers. Maybe while monitoring a possible heart condition, making Hux lie down, opening his shirt and placing sensors on his skin. Maybe someone had needed to examine his throat. Kylo became jealous at the thought of someone else tilting Hux’s chin back and gently massaging his glands to check for abnormalities. Hux loved it when Kylo had touched his neck, sending all those shivers through his body. The idea of anyone else giving his General pleasure was… He remembered a nurse carding through his Hux’s hair while he was unconscious, apparently checking to see if the wound he had received had closed properly. Kylo had thought she was being professional until he caught her thinking about it after the fact. She had been thinking of how soft and bright his General’s hair had been and how peaceful he had seemed. She had even thought about how plush his lovely pink lips had looked. It made Kylo sick remembering it, but he had showed the offender how wrong she was to touch and think about what did not belong to her. Worse than that though was the Resistance. They had hurt Hux. Their attack had injured him. He had bled so much. Kylo could still clearly recall the dazed look in Hux’s eyes, pupils wide as he touched the back of his head and drew a bloodied hand in front of his face, awestruck by the way his fingers rubbed against each other. He remembered Hux laying on the floor, blood oozing freely out of the back of his head as he babbled nonsensically, the colour draining from his face and staining the tiles beneath him. Kylo had really thought Hux was going to die right there in his arms. “I care deeply for him,” said Kylo, “I don’t want anyone else to touch him, or hurt him…the Resistance hurt him. I was so angry…I want to make them pay. You say we will attack the Hosnian system soon. I can fight them. I have so much anger, I could do it.” His Master considered him, “Battle arrangements will be left to Grand Admiral Tarkin, her General, and General Hux.” “He’ll let me, I’m sure of it,” said Kylo, “He hates the Resistance. He’ll want me to make them suffer. If I kill them I can…perhaps he might…he’ll be grateful to me. It would very much please me if he was grateful to me.” His Master continued to consider him, mulling over everything that he had heard. Kylo waited for his reply eagerly. Finally Snoke observed, “The Resistance never has wanted your happiness, have they.” “No,” agreed Kylo, bitterly recalling memories of a so-called loving family made of so-called heroes, “They haven’t.” “Huxy! How are you doing you test-tube-baby bastard?” Admiral Helmeena Tarkin’s hologram sat in her chair in the meeting room. Mitaka, who was seeing her for the first time seemed surprised, like he was trying to figure out if he was disappointed or not. Helmeena was a small woman with a stocky build and long, wild curls of auburn hair spilling over her shoulders. Her tunic was thrown open, brazenly showing off her breastband, and rather than jodhpurs she wore outlandish leggings with every manner of knife and tool strapped to them. She was a beautiful young woman, but she looked wild, dangerous, and decidedly unhinged. “I’m well Admiral. I’ve been given orders to join you in your assault on the Republic’s Fleet.” “Heard about it already. Also heard you whacked your head pretty hard. Soon you’ll be as mad as everyone else!” said Helmeena, letting out a bark of laughter. Hux’s brow furrowed. Her eyes were strangely dilated. One pupil was much larger than the other. Drugs? Excitement? An injury? Poor lighting? None of these would have surprised him. He ignored it, and tried very hard not to think about the impact that whatever it was might have on their strategy. It would not have been the first time Grand Admiral Hell Raiser had gone into battle while under the influence of something that was almost assuredly non-medicinal. “Do you have a plan of attack?” “Figured I’d leave it to you, Huxy,” said the Admiral, cupping her chin in her palm and leaning over onto it. “Me, ma’am?” asked Hux, hiding his relief beneath surprise. “Why not? You make the strategy, I plan on taking their flagship myself singlehandedly. I’ll leave the boring details to you.” How in hell had this woman become an admiral? Hux knew that it was admiralship almost in title only, for the sake of moral, but the idea of this immature brat having any sort of power within the Order was a farce. Symbolism of fighting under an Admiral Tarkin be damned. She had jumped through the ranks, from private to lieutenant to admiral on some merit yes, but she was clearly a better infantryman than she was a manager of personnel or strategist. Names and bloodlines aside, she ought to have been kept where she was of the most tactical use. “You’ve nobody on board who has thought of a strategy?” asked Hux disbelievingly. Tarkin had a number of capable officers and tacticians under her command. It was impossible that not a single one of them had… “Oh, yeah, probably, but I’m more a tactician myself. I like to see how things are going before I make any real plans,” explained Tarkin, “I’ll have someone send you all the boring bits. You do what you do best and I’ll do what I do best.” “Which is, ma’am?” asked Hux. “Kicking ass and taking names!” laughed the Admiral. She glanced at Mitaka, “And who’s this poor sod?” “Lieutenant Mitaka,” replied the lieutenant, saluting smartly, “It’s an honour to work under your command Admiral Tarkin.” She looked back at Hux, pointing to Mitaka, “I just got this fascinating little hook from Tatooine that could rip his brains out clean through his nostrils.” “Please don’t do that Ma’am,” said Hux dryly as Mitaka flinched. “There’s that sense of humour! Classic Huxy!” laughed Tarkin, throwing her head back and slapping her thigh, “Well I’ll be seeing you soon enough. Remind me to drink you under the table when we get the time!” “I look forward to it immensely,” said Hux, lying through his teeth. “Right-o, Tarkin out!” Mitaka looked over at Hux. He did not say a word, but his expression spoke for him. His illusions of the beauteous if unrefined Helmeena Tarkin had been shattered. Hux sighed, “Lieutenant, if anyone asks, Admiral Helmeena Tarkin is wise beyond her years, beauteous beyond her wisdom, and charming beyond her beauty.” The lieutenant nodded hesitantly. “That’s an order lieutenant,” said Hux gravely, “If it gets out that the immaculate maiden the First Order has decided to use as a figurehead is a homicidal maniac, you can imagine what it would do for our image in the eyes of our allies and enemies.” “Yes sir,” said Mitaka, “But, sir, can I ask, is she well sir?” “As well as we can hope for,” said Hux, recalling the unequal pupils, “Mitaka, I’m telling you this because you’ll have the bridge while I am with the Admiral. If something happens to me, you will have command of the Finalizer and Admiral Tarkin will work with you in my stead. Can I trust you to be up to the task Lieutenant?” “Yes sir,” replied Mitaka, significantly less disappointed. Hux nearly grinned, “Don’t get used to having the bridge to yourself Lieutenant.” The diary recovered from the abandoned Resistance base had been translated and Hux scanned the copy that had been delivered to him as he lay in bed. The author, a woman, judging from the handwriting, mostly scratched down odd little notes. It was not such an uncommon thing to do. Many soldiers kept diaries to count the days and stave off boredom. Had blue milk with dinner. It had curdled a little. Lost many allies. Will miss them. Why won’t the Empire die off? Observed a supernova. There can still be beauty in the world. Received word from mother. She worries about us. Nothing terribly useful at all. Hux read and reread it none the less, looking for patterns, checking the language being used carefully. If there was a code contained within the little entries he wanted to at least try to crack it. Checking the entries with the dates and matching them up with current events, everything fit well enough. It was not as if events were made up to convey some hidden meaning. The only odd bit was that the message from ‘mother’ coincided with when General Organa must have contacted them. If ‘mother’ was the General, than the diary did reveal some interesting, if useless, details. Mother sent us a gift. She wants us to stay safe. Saw mother today. She seemed sad. Mother asked if we had seen Ben. No news yet. Ben was the only person mentioned by name, and Hux had a good guess as to whom they were referring. Ben Solo-Organa had died before Kylo Ren’s assault on the newly established Jedi Academy, though a body had never been recovered and there had been no evidence of a funeral taking place for him. Perhaps Ben Solo still wandered the Galaxy as an amnesiac. Perhaps it was just a ruse to try to get the First Order to go on a wild Nerf hunt for the supposedly missing boy. Still, what an awful thing to see one’s own bloodline snuffed out. General Organa was too old to bear more children, and her husband and brother deserted her. The Resistance was truly made up of the lowest sort of people if its esteemed champions were so quick to abandon their leader. Hux absentmindedly set his hand down where Ren had been resting the previous night. It had not been irredeemably awful. Hux had learned that he liked having a warm body next to him, provided that it was not Ren’s. He also learned Ren disliked it when he was drunk, which would come in handy next time the knight decided he wanted intimacy. He tried to focus on the immediate future. Ren was still a nuisance. Admiral Tarkin was still a madwoman. Kylo Ren and Helmeena Tarkin were going to be a mad nuisance for the foreseeable future. Hux ordered the lights to zero percent again and pretended he was surrounded by sane and competent people. Bonus Stupidity: “And he has the cutest nose and pretty eyes and I wanna braid his hair and…” Kylo gushed, lying on his stomach and kicking his legs in the air idly. “These desires don’t seem particularly dark…” noted Snoke. “Well, yeah, I have those too,” admitted Kylo, getting to his feet. “I’m sure the General will be more than willing…you know what they say about redheads,” said Snoke, waggling his eyebrows suggestively, “Huh?” “Ah, I get it,” said Kylo, grinning and nodding. He and his Master laughed and high-fived before Kylo concluded, “They’re witches.” Snoke stopped, “What?” “Redheads are witches. Hux kind of looks like a wizard, don’t you think?” said Kylo. “What? No, that wasn’t what I meant at all,” protested Snoke. He made some suggestive hand gestures and repeated, “You know what they say about redheads…in bed.” “Oh…” said Kylo, before replying, “He’s a vampire.” “What? No!” “He doesn’t have a soul?” “No…” “The souls he steals become freckles.” “Ugh…no…” “He needs more anesthetic during surgery than blonds and brunettes?” “…no…” “Oh, I know, he has cholera!” “No!” thundered Snoke, “He’s insatiable and licentious!” Kylo stared up at Snoke ponderously, “I don’t know what those words mean.” Snoke groaned before exclaiming, “He! Wants! The! D!” “Oooooooooh,” said Kylo, pounding his fist against the palm of his hand, “I get it. I’ll go give him the D right now.” “Good,” said Snoke, his hologram dissolving so he could go back to watching Golden Girls reruns because he is old as balls and could have sworn he saw Bea Arthur at a Cantina on Tatooine that one time… *** Hux saw Kylo burst through the blast doors and charge towards him, “Hux, the Supreme Leader said you are insatiable and licentious!” Hux slapped Kylo across the face. Undetered, Kylo continued, “So I’ve come to give you the D!” “Kylo, no, don’t you dare try to-!” Kylo took Hux’s hand and slipped a bottle of vitamin D supplements into it, curling Hux’s fingers around the bottle and giving it a gentle pat, “Redheads have trouble absorbing vitamin D from the sun, so make sure you take these every day with food so you can have healthy teeth and bones.” Kylo left Hux on the bridge, holding the bottle and looking very confused. He skipped down the halls and saw Phasma, “Hey Phasma, guess what? I just gave General Hux the D on the bridge in front of everyone. I’m such a good boyfriend!~” Phasma groaned and began to bang her behelmeted head repeatedly against the nearest wall. Chapter 9 : But the Devil Take That Woman Notes: Kylux Big Bang has passed and I am probably going to have to spend the next few days going through messages and comments. I will get to all of them (promise) but I've been pretty swamped lately and working on a secret project. Special thanks to countofeight as always, and also to KyloReam who gave me the idea for this chapter's bonus stupidity. If you don't get the joke, please go read the masterpiece that is My Immortal the Harry Potter fanfic. “You’re angry with me.” “I’m always angry with you.” Hux had not forgiven Ren for telling the Supreme Leader about his injury. Any information that portrayed Hux as vulnerable was to be kept closely guarded, but Ren had just blurted it out like it was nothing, like he had been doing him a favor , somehow. It was bad enough that there had been so many setbacks, but the Supreme Leader’s knowledge of his brain injury on top of it all could have put his command of the ship in jeopardy. He had been specifically bred and trained for his intelligence, and if that was compromised he would be useless to everyone. It was not something that would be easily forgotten or forgiven. It never had been in the past. They had been rivals for power, and still were it seemed. Just as Hux still refused to think about overhearing the Supreme Leader talk about desires. “He had a right to know you had been injured,” argued Ren, “In case you needed further medical care.” “This isn’t the time,” said Hux sharply, “We meet with Admiral Tarkin’s fleet in less than twenty-four hours. I have to form a stratagem on the scant intelligence she provided me with, for soldiers whose abilities I am barely acquainted with.” Ren stalked Hux back to his quarters. Hux had ordered the course to be set. With any luck there would be no setbacks. Most pirates and smuggler types left them alone. Only the Resistance seemed foolhardy enough to attack a Star Destroyer. Hux figured his time could be best spent focusing on their upcoming engagement. If the Republic was pushed back from this system it would deal a great blow to the Resistance. They would have one less system and government backing them. It would setback their funds, infrastructure and moral. With such scant resources their fall would be inevitable. It would not be long after that, if all went as planned, that the First Order would receive the Resistance’s unconditional surrender. In the meantime, Ren was still stalking him. He had expected Ren to be withdrawn, the way he usually was when he approached Hux outside a professional capacity. Though Hux had to admit he had become bolder, Ren still tended to fidget and look away when asking for affection. This was different. Ren seemed focused, intense. His words were a quick staccato punctuated with sarcasm. Perhaps he was angry that Hux had the gall to be upset with him. “General,” said Ren from behind his mask. “I have one chance to save face with the Supreme Leader, I want to be in top form, and I don’t want to be distracted,” warned Hux, “Before I’m your plaything, I’m a General, now leave me alone so I can do my job.” Hux pressed the control panel and opened a set of blast doors. Ren placed a hand over top of his, sealing the door shut, “I looked at your file. What is Admiral Tarkin to you?” “The same as you, a pain in the neck,” snapped Hux, “Now will you please let me-” Ren slammed a hand dangerously close to the side of Hux’s face, “When were you going to tell me you were engaged!?” So that was it… Hux’s brow knitted in frustration, “I’m listed as a tentative candidate. One of many potential partners. That’s not an engagement. She’s my superior officer, as loathe as I am to admit it, that’s all.” “You want to marry this woman,” accused Ren. The wall buckled under the Force and his palm. “I won’t deny it would be politically advantageous, but of course I don’t want to be bound to that-” said Hux calmly. Ren’s free hand flew to his Lightsaber. Activating and drawing it in one swift motion he buried savagely it into the wall on the opposite side of Hux’s head. Hux’s blue-green eyes went wide at the sight, his calm finally breaking. He had not felt the heat since he had tried to use the weapon against Ren. It was radiating hot, scalding against his cheek and Hux could hear the metal in the wall hissing and melting. Ren’s empty hand went from the wall to Hux’s throat, “You’re mine , not hers !” Hux had been anticipating that Ren would say something along those lines eventually, but he had not been expecting it at that moment. He looked around himself. If he could stun Ren, he might be able to get through the door and seal it from the other side. If he could get to his quarters and barricade himself inside he might be able to wait until Ren’s tantrum had blown over. The trick was defending against that Lightsaber. Hux ought to have studied more about that. He had been too focused on the Force and Ren’s physical prowess. Though none of that was possible with the bloody Force was holding him in place. His mind defensively reverted to sarcasm as Hux thought , I might have known . Why should Ren start giving him advantages and quarter now? “Kylo, let go,” said Hux, trying to stay calm. “She doesn’t care about you!” Ren shouted, moving closer, his mask nearly pressed against Hux’s face, “She can’t have you! You’re mine!” Was Ren even listening to himself? Hux tried to remain calm but he could feel his eyes widening and his mouth going dry as he tried to remain stoic. Heat continued to assault the side of his face, feeling like it might singe his brows and lashes if that crossguard got any closer to his face. Hux spoke slowly, clearly, trying to make the situation as transparent as he could, “It would be for morale’s sake, nothing but propaganda. I’ve been informed Grand Admiral Tarkin will select a partner from a list of officers of good breeding and standing within the First Order. I have no say in the matter. If the order is given I have to-” “I would crush them!” shouted Ren. “Listen to yourself!” said Hux, pressing further against the wall, “You’re talking about disobeying orders. The Supreme Leader would be displeased with you. Furious even.” That had some effect, but the knight was still breathing heavily. He growled, “You lied to me.” “You never asked,” said Hux, swallowing nothing and looking Ren’s armour and robes over for places he could grab or strike, “You might have thought to ask before you started to…” Hux could not bring himself to finish the sentence. Molest. Assault. He could not say the words out loud. There were always cameras. Someone was probably watching, they could read his lips. He would have to go to security later, have a gag order placed on whoever saw this, delete the footage before anyone else saw him being assau- “You can’t call it that if you liked it!” snapped Ren, driving the Lightsaber deeper, almost to the hilt, “You agreed to give yourself to me! You slept beside me! You wanted me !” Hux thanked whatever gods were out there that this hallway’s security cameras did not have audio linked up. A small privilege afforded to officers who lived nearby. It seemed nearly impossible to communicate his disinterest in a way that would make sense in whatever delusion Ren had conjured for himself. Hux had made an offer, yes, because he had been trying to prevent a catastrophe. He doubted Ren would allow himself to see it that way. The Lightsaber deactivated and Hux was thankful to feel something that was not a small furnace blazing next to his face. He winced as the hot barrel of the weapon was placed against his throat. It was strange how death seemed to scare him much less than the possibility of being raped. So this was how it was going to end. Hux was disappointed, but hardly surprised. At least Ren was going to allow him to die a virgin. “Ren,” said Hux evenly, “Put that away, or I won’t allow you to accompany me.” Hux could not have gleaned an expression from Ren’s features with the mask in the way. He did not need to. He could feel Ren’s anger in his head, pressing against him, being used to hold him down. He was starting to understand the Dark link to emotions a little better now. He continued, “Put it down, and you can come with me. You’re stationed with Captain Phasma but I can say I need you with me on the Helden with Tarkin. You can see for yourself that this is nothing to be concerned about.” At least that way Ren’s temper could be put to some use as a pseudo-bodyguard, and if he attacked someone, he was an independent agent. It would hardly be Hux’s problem. If the situation escalated and Ren murdered the Admiral, it might even be beneficial to his career. Less people in the way on his path up the hierarchy. That was of course if Ren decided not to jab him in the throat with a laser sword. “You’re mine,” growled Ren. He jabbed the hilt in harder, “Say it.” If the alternative was being stabbed in the neck… “I’m yours,” said Hux quietly, though unable to mask his contempt. Ren pulled back, hooking the saber back into his belt. With a wave of his hand Hux regained use of his limbs. Hux ordered himself not to hit Ren, not to shoot him, not ask Admiral Tarkin if he could borrow that strange hook of hers. It was hard to believe this was the same Ren who had curled up on his chest like a child and silently pleaded to have his hair stroked. Just how far did this mania of his go? The man was very clearly unwell. He would have never passed the psych-evaluation to become a proper soldier. “I…I didn’t mean it,” said Ren quietly, “But you tricked me. I didn’t want to scare you but you made me do it. You’re not allowed to hide things like that from me Hux.” The knight apologetically caressed where the hot saber had made contact with Hux’s skin. Hux closed his eyes and clenched his teeth. It felt a little hot, but it was hardly a burn that would require medical attention. It would likely not even leave a mark. Hux tried to process what he had heard. ‘You’re not allowed.’ Ren was giving him an order and expected obedience. Ren was trying to dictate what information he could and could not keep to himself. Ren sighed before he let go. He had lost his nerve, again, and began his usual whining, “I…I apologized so…so you can’t be angry. Stop…stop looking at me like that. You’re the one who was lying.” “You don’t give me orders,” said Hux lowly. “Just say you aren’t angry. I’ll leave, but I need to hear it,” insisted Ren, pressing against him, bringing a hand up to caress his face, drawing a thumb across Hux’s scowling lips. He whispered, “I don’t want a fight…I don’t want you to be angry. I’ll ignore the fact that you lied so…just pretend I didn’t…Hux I’d never hurt you…” “I’m not angry…” seethed Hux, adding privately to himself, ‘…I’m kriffing livid.’ Ren smoothed Hux’s hair back into place, sighing with relief and frustration. He turned, his cape snapping with the movement and stalked away, leaving Hux alone near the blast doors and seared metal. Hux thrust his palm against the panel more aggressively than he meant to and strode through the blast doors. Confident. As if nothing had happened. He had a strategy to think up. Damn Tarkin and her tardiness with getting details to him. Tarkin, he would think about Tarkin and ships, not Ren. Anything but Ren. Hux’s quarters were a mess of datapads and holo projections. He walked about the room, rearranging ships and formations as it suited him. They would engage the Republic Fleet at their heaviest blockade, which meant they would be taking a defensive formation. Their flagship would be at the rear, protected. Their battleships would also be equipped with heavy shields. Aside from dogfighting, their TIE fighters might well be useless against their shields. If they could find a way to lower the shields that would be an advantage, but any EMP weapons would likely affect their own equipment as well. They could lure out ships in small numbers, bait them with an easy target, then envelop and surround them on all sides with fire. That might work once or twice, but the Republic’s tacticians would no doubt catch onto it quickly and stop taking the bait after one, maybe two uses of that method. Three if they were lucky. Flanking would be a good option, but with no cover it would be difficult to surprise them. No matter how Hux looked at it, someone would spot them and turn before they could deal damage to the more vulnerable parts of the ships. A soft musical tone came from the panel by the door. Hux went over to it, walking through the holographic ships as he passed. He pressed the receiver and irately asked, “Yes?” “This is Sub-Lieutenant Flax.” “Is there an emergency?” asked Hux. “No…” “Then I don’t want to be bothered. Dismissed.” “Sir, it’s about Lord Ren’s assault on your person in the -” “Dismissed!” said Hux more sharply. So she knew. Hux should have guessed it would only be a matter of time before Ren lost his temper and caught the security chief’s attention. It was partially his own damned fault for demanding Flax’s people be more vigilant and report every little disturbance, especially Kylo Ren related ones. Luckily with no audio, and Ren’s mouth being covered, there ought to be no way for Flax to piece together what the knight’s exact intentions had been. She might assume it was a fight, Ren losing his temper again. Perhaps the camera had been at such an angle that nobody had seen Ren stroking his face and hair again. “Yes sir, please excuse my interruption.” Hux sighed. He could not let his temper now. He had meant to talk with security about the matter anyhow. “On second thought, Sub-Lieutenant there is something we need to discuss.” He pressed the panel to open the door. Flax stood, looking sharp as always, if slightly nervous. She stepped into the room and her eyes widened like a small child’s at the ships and formations floating about Hux’s quarters. The door closed behind her and Hux returned to his planning, “What exactly did you witness Sub-Lieutenant.” Flax snapped back to attention, “Lord Ren attacked you. Sir, I feel it might be necessary to assign a bodyguard for your protection.” “I don’t have one, I don’t carry weapons. It’s a sign of my trust and confidence and the crew know it. Imagine if I suddenly stopped walking around unarmed. It would cause unnecessary worry,” explained Hux, “Besides, Lord Ren may interpret it as a challenge or slight against his authority. Assigning a guard will undoubtedly provoke him.” “Sir, it’s no less tolerable when he attacks other members of the crew but…you’re our General, sir,” said Flax. She probably meant to imply things by that. But you’re our General and if you’re not safe against him, what chance does anyone else have? But you’re our General and we have been trained to terminate anyone who assaults our superior officers. But you’re our General and if you can’t make him stand down, where does that leave the rest of us in the chain of command? Hux sighed and shifted one of the Star Destroyers. If they could use it to block a swarm of TIE fighters from view… “How long has he been harassing you, sir?” asked Flax. “It’s nobody’s business,” said Hux, almost lazily as he repositioned ships and examined them from multiple angles, “So long as he doesn’t kill me it should not affect the day to day functions of the ship or her crew.” “Sir I…I can’t protect you, or anyone, against him. With his powers, stopping him without killing him may be impossible,” said Flax. Hux ignored her, “It goes without saying that a gag order be placed on everyone privy to this information. I can’t have anyone challenging Ren on my behalf or committing mutiny because I can’t fend him off.” “Yes sir,” said Flax. She turned, then hesitated, returning to her stance at attention, “Sir, if it happens again should I dispatch assistance?” “No. Keep us isolated, divert everyone around us. Say there’s a gas leak, an artificial gravity malfunction, whatever you must. I want nobody to know how volatile the situation is. And at all costs make sure any record of the event does not fall into the wrong hands,” said Hux. He was pleased with how the ships were placed, but now there was a gap in the defenses and not enough one man fighters if someone came up from the lower starboard. “That will be all sub-lieutenant, unless there’s something else that requires my attention.” “No sir, I’ll have the footage destroyed,” said Flax, saluting before she turned on her heels. She seemed like she wanted to say more, sounded like it too. How much had she guessed? Ren’s posture, leering over him, and the footage from the first assault, the holding, petting, sniffing, it all left little to the imagination. Flax must have known. She was not stupid, if she was she would have been transferred by now. She must not have had the heart or poor sense to confirm her suspicions. Hux sighed as the doors closed behind her. He was stuck on a ship with a lunatic with magical powers who wanted to have sex with him, and was about to be placed on a ship with yet another lunatic who might rip his brains out to get a cheap laugh. He had no time or patience for this. He re-angled another Star Destroyer. That solved their lower starboard defenses, but in the event their cannons were destroyed or disabled… “Huxy! You gene-spliced-abomination! How have you been?” Admiral Tarkin was just as disheveled in person, and it seemed her pupils had not evened out. On closer inspection Hux found one eye was a cybernetic replacement, though it looked real enough to fool someone at a distance. Her tunic was flung open, not caring who saw her partially-covered breasts, hair spilling over her shoulders from her lazy half up half down hairstyle. Hux resisted the urge to quote regulation at her. Even if it was only in name, she outranked him. Tarkin slapped a palm against his chest in a way Hux thought might have been a sign of comradeship, “Still made of flesh and bone I see. Got in a nasty scrap and wouldn’t you know it I haven’t got any real limbs left!” That explained the odd feeling of her hand slapping his chest. Helmeena glanced around Hux’s shoulder, “And who’s this fuckface?” The ‘fuckface’ in question was Lord Kylo Ren, Master of the Knights of Ren, who might have been silent but was radiating more and more blind rage with each passing moment. Hux half hoped Ren might kill the Admiral. It would solve so many of his problems… “This is Lord Kylo Ren,” began Hux. “Right, big guy, flashy boom sword stick thing, I’ve heard of him,” said Tarkin, snapping her fingers. She practically skipped over to Ren in the least dignified manner possible, her bare feet, despite being encased in artificial flesh, stamping loudly as she went. Hux was not sure he wanted Ren to kill her, not here at least, and not before the battle. To have one of their own murder the Grand Admiral in cold blood for no reason would be a serious blow to moral. “I cannot wait to watch you cut someone to ribbons,” said Helmeena, grinning wickedly. “Why wait?” seethed Ren, his hand hovering over the hilt of his Lightsaber. “Admiral Tarkin, we have yet to go over battle plans.” Hux glanced up at another General, Sirus, as Hux recalled. A slimy slip of a man if Hux ever saw one. His hair was black, and slicked back the way it was it seemed oily. His eyes were narrow and dark, matched by a thin mouth that might have been carved from his face with a blade. Everything about him suggested a cartoonish villain. He must have been the real man in charge, running the ship while Tarkin acted as a symbolic figurehead to rally behind. “And then we drink!” said Tarkin, pumping her fist in the air triumphantly. “Battle first, drink later ma’am,” said Sirius in a gentle way that made Hux’s hair stand on end. “Fuck no, I’m not doing this sober,” said Tarkin, crossing her arms. The hanger was surprisingly empty, given that the Supreme Leader’s apprentice and a General had just arrived on board. Perhaps Tarkin was kept mostly under lock and key. That was what Hux would have done if he were in charge. The less people who saw Tarkin meant that less people were likely to leak what an insane buffoon she was. Hux had not brought anyone with him. All hands on the Finalizer needed to be at battle stations. Tarkin pulled a flask from the inner pocket of her tunic and took a long swig. She held it out to Hux, “Drink.” “No thank you ma’am,” said Hux, “Not when I’m on-” “That was an order, soldier-boy,” said the Admiral, a dark leer lingering in her eye. Hux accepted the flask and wet his lips. It was foul. It smelled like sanitizing fluid. Hell, it might have been sanitizing fluid. He tried not to cough as he passed it back to the Admiral, “Thank you ma’am.” She walked through the nearly empty hanger, her footsteps echoing eerily throughout the room that ought to have been occupied by pilots, engineers and Stormtroopers. It was punctuated by the fact that Helmeena’s footsteps betrayed the fact that one leg clearly was heavier than the other, judging from the sound, and the exposed fake gelatin flesh made a sickening slapping sound against the floor. She did not look back as she called, “So have you thought up a plan for me Huxy?” Hux could feel Ren tense every time she used the nickname. He kept an eye on Sirus though. The First Order, unfortunately, was already filled with its worms and leeches. Sirus looked like he might turn out to be one of them. He seemed exactly the sort of man who would backstab and bribe his way through the ranks. Hux at least had the decency to avoid bribes, do his duties in a way that merited reward, and when he did have to resort to murder, he was always polite enough to stab his victims in the front, so to speak. He made sure they had the luxury of knowing who killed them and how they had died before the light left their eyes. Hux supposed it was the closest thing to being honourable that he had ever come to. “Yes Admiral, I believe it to be a sound plan of attack,” said Hux, following. “Admiral Tarkin, if I may, General Hux has only recently come aboard and has no-” began Sirus. “Sirus, I let you make the last one. It’s Huxy’s turn,” said Tarkin childishly as she plucked a knife from her leggings, “Besides, I want to see if he lives up to all the talk I’ve heard.” “Th-that’s hardly a-” “Who’s Grand Admiral?” In less than a second, Tarkin had turned, a flash of auburn and black and had a knife to Sirus’ throat. Sirus put his arms up instinctively, “You are the Grand Admiral, Ma’am. And your choices are once again wise beyond my understanding.” Tarkin giggled before letting out a low growl, “Bandy-legged Nerf Herder if I ever saw one.” Tarkin turned on her heels again. So that was the situation. To her credit, at least Tarkin could keep her Generals in line even when her orders were stupid beyond reason. It was clear though that Sirus did not want Hux on the ship and would likely try to undermine him in a moment of crisis. It would be a good idea to get on Tarkin’s good side, have her thwart any of the other General’s attempts to wrest power from him. He would have to keep an eye on Ren though. The second he thought he was getting too close to Tarkin, it would mean nothing good. As for the knight, he followed behind, barely keeping his temper in check. Hux was relieved that Ren’s attentions were not on him for once. Even without being able to see his eyes, he could tell that Ren was glaring bolts and daggers at the young Admiral with her girlish manners and open tunic. If he had to kill her Hux hoped Ren would have the sense to wait until after the battle. “Guess you should get acquainted with the command center. You can talk to all the ships from there and place them willy-nilly,” said Tarkin, “If you need me during the fight I’ll be in my assault vessel. Don’t worry, I’m pretty sure the crew doesn’t know you’re a test-tube-baby-genepool-hodge-podge-bastard.” “Test tube?” asked Kylo accusingly. “Didn’t you know?” replied Helmeena, laughing slightly as she hooked an arm around Hux’s neck, forcing him to bend down. Hux held back the urge to take her arm, throw her to the ground and kick her across the mouth as she pinched his cheek and forced him to shake his head. He could feel Ren radiating an almost crushing rage as Tarkin continued, “Our handsome General here was born in a petri dish. His daddy and all those scientists on Arkanis bred him to be a good little soldier. No offense Huxy but your old dad was a survival-of-the-fittest-obsessed fluffer-nutter!” “You were born in a…” Ren tapered off, now too stunned to be angry. “I was conceived in the petri dish, not born in it Ma’am,” protested Hux, muttering a soft ‘there’s a difference,’ under his breath to himself as he unhooked her arm and resisted the urge to rub the burning sensation out of his cheek, “Wouldn’t you like to look at the plans I’ve drawn first? It would be prudent if you want to choose the most favorable angle of attack.” “No, I’ll stick to my own plan. Plough through and take the flagship myself, head on,” said the Admiral flippantly. Hux hoped that was the sanitizing fluid talking. A private assault vessel could not take down a ship the size and scale of the Republic flagship. “And you need to give your address ma’am,” added Sirus quietly. Helmeena groaned loudly, “Fuck, I hate addresses…” Hux could imagine why. He had seen clips of the Admiral’s speeches to troops before battle used in Nationalistic holovideos before. She was always primped, made up, in full dress uniform, delivering an impassioned address to the men. She was a charismatic actress at least, though it seemed clear to Hux now that an act was all it ever had been. Helmeena could probably care less about the First Order or its soldiers so long as she sated her appetite for chaos and blood. “We will have visual on the Republic fleet at their border in four hours,” noted Hux, “I trust we’ll try to negotiate first.” Sirus scoffed quietly to himself. Tarkin shrugged, “You can if you want, but I plan on shooting somebody before the day is out. And if it’s not a Soldier of the New Republic, let’s face it Huxy, it’s probably going to be you.” Ren stalked forward slightly. Tarkin grinned, “They won’t let us into their territory to pursue the Resistance without a fight. They’re monsters Huxy, worse than me, worse than you, worse than fuckface over there. If you spent five seconds in a prison camp, you’d know that.” “Prison camp, Admiral?” Hux asked out loud. This was the first he had heard of it. “Heh, yeah, and you thought reconditioning was bad,” sniggered the Admiral, turning and scratching at the back of her head, “Let’s get this over with. The sooner it’s over, the sooner I can drink.” Bonus Stupidity “Hi my name is Hell-Meana Dark’ness Dementia Raven Tarkin and I have long hellfire red hair (that’s how I got my name) with purple streaks that reaches my mid-back and icy blue eyes that-” Hux whispered to Sirus, “General…what is the Grand Admiral doing?” “This just…happens, sometimes,” explained Sirus warily. “Hi Hell-Meana,” said Kylo, who had somehow acquired a black Mercedes-Benz (the liscence plate said 666) and very tight leather pants, “Let’s go to tha Good Charlotte concert at Hogsmead.” “I don’t understand,” said Hux, rubbing his eyes, “Is there a gas leak in here or…?” Suddenly Kylo began trying to aggressively make love to Tarkin who shouted, “KYLO! What the fuck do you think you are doing?” “Tarkin?” he asked. “What?” she snapped. Kylo leaned in extra-close and Tarkin looked into his gothic red eyes (he was wearing coloured contacts) which revealed so much depressing sorrow and evilness and suddenly Hux felt like he needed to scan the airducts for mind altering substances. Kylo began putting his thingy into Tarkin’s you-know-what when suddenly Supreme Leader Snoke’s hologram burst into the hanger, “WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING YOU MOTHERFUKERS!” “Go awake Smoke!” cried Tarkin tearfully as she swooned in a way that was very beautiful and goffic, “You are only pretending to be goffic! You are a poser!” “And a prep!” added Kylo. “Stop having sexual intercourse you ludacris fools!” Snoke shouted. “Oh thank god!” cried Hux, elated by the declaration. The Supreme Leader paused his ravings and turned to the General, “No, no, not you. You’re still going to get fucked at some point.” Hux groaned and hung his head. Sirus patted him sympathetically on the shoulder as Tarkin and Kylo began to make out keenly against a Tie Fighter. Chapter 10 : For Never When Our Spears Were Set Notes: Oookay, so, this was written MONTHS ago, like, before a lot of the canon material regarding when the Republic and First Order started fighting, the nature of their first few conflicts and origins and whatnot had come out. So I made up my own. When stuff did come out I was so far along in the story that going back and reworking it would have thrown everything off. I guess what I'm trying to say is this story is no longer completely canon compliant because I am a lazy bum. A couple of housekeeping things. Murasaki99 correctly guessed that chapter 9's title came from the song Whiskey in the Jar. :D Second, a belated happy birthday to chewtoy. Sorry I couldn't update exactly on your birthday, but I hope being a day late isn't too shabby. I wish you all the best, my fellow Gemini. Enjoy Kylo and Tarkin slaughtering scores of people :P Hux made a mental note to look into Admiral Tarkin’s capture. It did not make sense to him. If Helmeena was captured and the Order alerted, her image might have become even more powerful. The brave Admiral, captured and tortured at the hands of the New Republic would no doubt inspire a thirst for vengeance. Despite her reputation for being unstoppable, Tarkin’s image would be just as compelling if she was dead or captured. In fact, it might have become more compelling than it had ever been. Of course, she would no longer be a sterling example of a soldier, she would be made a damsel in distress. All First Order officers were issued suicide pills in the event they were captured. It was better to be dead than face the humiliation of failure or to bring shame on the Order by revealing secrets, and it would destroy Tarkin’s reputation for fearlessness. Given the choice between the two though, Hux would have chosen the martyr maiden than the soldier. There would always be soldiers. How often would they have the opportunity to show the galaxy what cruelties the New Republic and Resistance were capable of? How better to display than having a young girl tearfully recall all the horrors she had been subjected to at their hands? More interestingly, as a General he had been made privy to Tarkin’s mental state and her history with reconditioning and near-suicide missions. Why had nobody told him that the Admiral had been held and tortured? It seemed like something he ought to have been made aware of, even if it was not going to be made common knowledge. The Supreme Leader had to be aware of it though. There was no possible way that he would have allowed the decision to have Tarkin made Grand Admiral go though, even as an almost purely ceremonial position, if he had not at least met her. With his power he surely would have seen that she was insane. Was that how he preferred it? Ren was clearly unstable and admitted to having anxiety over something to do with the Force, and he was the Supreme Leader’s apprentice. Hux had thought that it was due to a lack of other candidates, but with Helmeena Tarkin in the picture now, that seemed uncertain. Perhaps their insanity made them easier to control, or there was something about their insanity that made them ideal for their positions… Hux recalled reading in a book about tactics in places long ago and far away that there had been warriors called Berserkers. They were mad, killed everything in sight without remorse, possibly even enjoyed it. They were very effective, but difficult to control and useless when it came to sensitive operations. If the Supreme Leader had it in mind to use Ren and Tarkin as Berserkers, in addition to their roles as apprentice and figurehead, he would need to have every confidence that he could adequately control them. Hux had seen it already with Ren. The knight might be rude, destroy equipment, injure his underlings, even sexually assault his co-commander, but Hux had never known him to be late for a meeting with his Master. He obeyed unquestioningly, listened attentively, dutifully gave reports. When Ren had been holding a lightsaber to his face, the only statement that seemed to phase him even remotely was the possibility of invoking his Master’s ire. The Supreme Leader must have done something to control Ren, though whether it was with the Force or some other form of leverage, Hux had no idea. Whatever it was, he must have some similar sway over Tarkin as well. From everything Hux had seen and heard of her, she had been impossible to control under every commander until Snoke. She had not exactly calmed down or mended all her destructive habits, but she had flawlessly filled her role as figurehead and obediently wiped out whatever obstacle she was pointed at. Snoke had to have something hanging over her head to keep her in line, but like Ren, Hux had no idea what he could use or manipulate to keep Admiral Hell Raiser in line. That could be mused over later. Tarkin, in full uniform, hair tied back neatly, made up as if she were a queen or senator, walked at double-time to keep up with Hux and Ren’s longer strides. They would stand on the bridge, together, the very picture of strength and unity, send one last message to the Republic fleet, and unless Banthas suddenly learned to fly and Tatooine froze over the battle would begin. “Remind me to cut off your legs at the knees. Your strides are too long,” grumbled Tarkin, jogging slightly to keep up. “Certainly Admiral,” lied Hux. Ren turned his head slightly when she caught up again. He was probably glaring as he said in a sarcastic, but deathly low tone, “The Supreme Leader requires that the General’s legs remain attached to the rest of him.” “Why? Nothing wrong with a good pair of robot legs. Provided you don’t get them from a protocol droid,” said Tarkin. She slapped her palm on the panel by the door and strode onto the bridge, “Good afternoon men. At ease. Open a channel with the Republic Fleet.” Tarkin’s countenance changed as soon as the doors opened. She became instantly more ladylike, more professional. Back straight, shoulders squared, taking quick, neat strides as she reached her consol. The officers on the bridge looked at her in awe. Clearly they had never seen her as the hellion she was. General Sirus, the only one who had, looked on with apprehension, dreading the moment when Tarkin would forget herself and allow her mask to slip and accidentally show her true self. An image of a New Republic General flashed overhead. He was tall, fairly old, possibly in his fifties or sixties, swarthy skinned, with green eyes and a curling mass of black hair. Hux wracked his brains for a name. He had seen the man’s face before. Nohr. That was it. He had been younger in the holo Hux had seen. “This is Admiral Helmeena Tarkin of the First Order. Do I have the pleasure of addressing General Nohr?” asked Tarkin, astoundingly personably. “This is General Nohr. Grand Admiral Tarkin, you have not been given permission to enter Hosnian territory. If you attempt to pass this blockade than we will open fire,” replied the General. “Before we come to blows, one of my Generals wished to attempt a negotiation. Will you hear him out?” asked Helmeena. Nohr seemed surprised by this. He glanced to the side before replying, “What does he propose?” Tarkin turned and motioned for Hux to come forward. As he passed the Admiral whispered, “Don’t be too convincing Huxy, I want my share of blood today.” Hux refused to allow himself to become unnerved. He stepped up and looked at the screen, “This is General Hux of the First Order. Approximately three weeks ago my ship was attacked by the so-called Resistance who then fled here into Hosnian territory. This is not the first time an incident like this has occurred. We only wish to enter the system to seek out the felons who continue to damage our ships and kill our men. We will not make a target of the Hosnian system or her people. Is it or is it not illegal for one system to harbour fugitives from another? What’s worse, there are some that suspect that the Resistance is the New Republic’s private militia, funded and supplied with the express purpose of undermining the First Order. I would rather not believe this is the case, but the more the New Republic supports the Resistance, the more I seem to second-guess myself. If we are not allowed to make a pursuit, will the New Republic agree to arrest and hand over the fugitives to be tried for their actions against the First Order?” “That is true for systems within the Republic, which, General, you are not. You are a terrorist organization-” “An alliance of peoples with its own government. We are semi-nomadic, but sovereign nonetheless.” “That sprung from the ashes of a tyrannical-” “State that succeeded in restoring the galaxy to order after the Clone Wars, which broke out due to the inept governance of the Old Republic.” “Under the rule of a Sith Lord-” “I think dragging religion into this is quite tasteless of you, General.” “Are you going to be reasonable or make banter, General!” “If you treat us as an equal, sovereign state, than we won’t have to come to blows,” countered Hux, “But if you are going to spout falsehoods and insult our Order, than I believe I’ll change my mind about trying to reason with you. We’ve no wish to fight. We only wish to try the Resistance members who continue to assault our vessels. Since you will not arrest them for their actions, it seems that you leave us no choice but to take action against them ourselves. If you will not have them charged for their crimes will you allow a pursuit?” “You’re children playing war games under a banner that has committed unspeakable crimes,” warned General Nohr. “Will you allow us to pursue the Resistance, or not?” repeated Hux, “We’ve no more wish to fight than you do. In fact, given the size of our fleets, I would say we have less of a desire to fight than you do. We only want the retribution owed to us by our assailants. We have no desire to make an enemy of the Hosnian System or the New Republic.” Make him say it, Hux thought, let there be audio, visual footage of a Republican General challenging the First Order. Let him be the one that starts the fight. Let him be the one who insults, who belittles and dismisses. When generations look back on this event that is what they will see. That the First Order had no choice. The First Order was justified in taking action to protect themselves. The Republic was harbouring criminals who needed to be brought to justice. This fact had to be made explicitly clear. The Empire had not been so careful. Hux wanted to keep the name of the First Order unsullied for as long as possible. Exceptions would have to be made, but not yet. Not yet… “You are not a state, you’re mislead, misguided children with blasters. For the Maker’s sake is anyone on that ship older than thirty?” exclaimed General Nohr. He was looking at them piteously. Hux stared at him evenly, waiting for him to say it, waiting for him to be the one to start it all, “If you cross this border it will be an act of war. Do not allow that poor girl to start something none of you can finish.” “General Nohr, harbouring criminals is already an act of aggression. You started this well before we arrived,” said Hux, “I’m very sorry that we’ve come to this.” Hux stepped back and Tarkin grinned so wide that her face threatened to split. She whispered as she tried to control her face, “Clever Huxy…clever, clever boy…you’re going to tell such pretty stories with that lovely voice…” Out loud, she continued, “It seems we can’t convince you General, that is most unfortunate. We will have justice for the men and women murdered at the hands of the Resistance. We will restore the galaxy to peace and order. If refuse to aid us, or at least stay neutral in the matter, than I fear we’ve reached an impasse. Remember General, we gave you a chance to avoid this. May the spirits of all who fall today haunt you for the rest of your life.” Tarkin closed the channel and hissed back at Ren, “Hey fuckface, come here a minute.” Ren was radiating pure rage. Hux leaned over so his elbow brushed the knight’s side lightly, “Humor her.” “Why should I?” whispered Ren hotly. Hux gritted his teeth, “I’ll do something on your sordid list. Cause a scene and I won’t make the offer again for a month.” Ren stormed over to the Admiral in a huff. Tarkin opened a communications channel. Hux saw her image appear where General Nohr’s had been. She produced a striking image, the grandniece of Grand Moff Tarkin, with a dark armoured figure behind her breathing through a filtered mask. It was an image that recalled their heritage, a golden age for the once young Empire. Tarkin called out, “The Republic refuses to acknowledge us as equals. They refuse to hand over the villainous Resistance, the ones who’ve destroyed our ships and murdered our comrades. Let it be known that it was us, the so-called terrorists, the so-called children, who attempted to negotiate, who offered clemency and a peaceful alternative. I may well be a child, little more than a girl, but I’ve the heart of a soldier of the First Order and the blood of Imperial Admirals before me in my veins! We will avenge our fallen kinsmen! And when the Republic is forced to its knees in surrender, we will have our chance. They will enjoy our clemency and patience no longer!” Tarkin closed the channel. Her men applauded. Sirus sighed in relief. Tarkin whispered something to Ren. Ren looked at Hux. Hux could have done without those last two observations. Tarkin sauntered past Hux, her ladylike manners beginning to slip, “I’m borrowing your shadow.” “Ma’am?” asked Hux. “When I attack the flagship. I’m borrowing him. You have the bridge. You did well before, but if your plan disappoints, I’ll probably kill you,” said Tarkin pleasantly. “Admiral, if possible, I was hoping to use Lord Ren’s clairvoyance to our strategic advantage,” said Hux. “Now, now Huxy, that’s cheating. If you don’t play by the rules, I won’t be impressed. And if you don’t impress me, you’ll hardly impress your Supreme Leader,” pouted Tarkin, “Oh, and I’ll certainly remember you needed a crutch if you ever want a favor from me.” Hux glanced at Kylo, “May I have a word with him before we engage, ma’am?” “Of course, have several. Kiss him goodbye or give him a lucky hand-job for all I care. Just make it quick,” whispered Tarkin, slipping away and calling out, “General Hux, you have the bridge. Best of luck to all of you.” The men began to whisper nervously. Of course they were nervous. Their Admiral had left them in the hands of a man they had barely met. Fortunately their buzz covered his own exchange with Ren, “What are you doing?” “You told me to humor her,” huffed Kylo. “The Supreme Leader will not be pleased with either of us if you go off and get yourself-” “I want you. Tonight.” The words sounded ridiculous filtered through Ren’s mask. They also cut Hux to the core. He did not want to deal with this here. Not now. Ren must have known that. “What?” “I’m going to accompany your fiancée , take the Republic flagship, force their surrender, and when I return, I expect a reward for my patience and victory. If you don’t show a little gratitude for my patience, I’m going to be very upset with you.” “Don’t be absurd!” “Swear it and I’ll make sure the Admiral doesn’t have an accident on her way to the hanger.” Hux knit his brow in a quiet fury, “For goodness sake have the sense to leave her alive until she’s no longer use-” “I can make her trip from here. My range is quite long. Nobody would suspect it if she suddenly slipped and fell. It would be terrible if she hit a control panel and snapped her neck on the way down. Prosthetics can be unwieldy.” If they took much longer talking it would seem suspicious, “We’ll discuss the fine details later. Do not kill the Admiral until after the battle.” “When I’m finished with you, I promise she’ll be the last thing on your mind.” Hux was not sure if Ren was threatening to ravish him until he was senseless or give him irreparable brain damage. Part of him sincerely hoped it was brain damage. The other part hoped that Ren and the Admiral both died at the hands of the New Republic, thereby providing Hux with a possible promotion, an existence free of Kylo Ren, and all the propaganda fodder he would need to launch an all out war. Now was not the time for wishful thinking though. Hux was on the bridge, surrounded by people who were complete strangers to him. He did not know their strengths or weaknesses, he did not even know their names. When Ren left, they looked at him nervously, expectantly. Now was not the time to waver. The second he showed weakness, he had no doubt that Sirus would take over and the crew, being more familiar with the other General, would no doubt follow his command. Hux approached the command console and pulled up a visual on the soon-to-be battlefield. There was no way he would win the approval or respect of the crew by opening the battle with an envelopment manoeuvre. The men might see him heartlessly putting their comrade’s lives at risk and fight back against his commands, or only follow them half-heartedly. He opened a communications channel with the Finalizer . Better to have them see him risk his own ship and respect him for it. The crew of the Finalizer would trust his judgement. “Lieutenant Mitaka, approach the borderline. Flirt with it, but don’t cross it. Let’s see if they call our bluff.” Kylo sat in the copilot’s seat of Admiral Tarkin’s assault vessel. He hated her. He hated her for being obnoxious, rude, crass, drunk, vile, and worst of all for shamelessly flirting with his General. Upon entering the ship she dropped her princess act and opened up her shirt again. Disgusting. Showing off her body like that. She flung herself into the pilot’s seat and pulled up a hologram of the battle outside. The Finalizer was moving towards the border. Tarkin watched, kicked off her boots and mumbled to herself, “Clever Huxy, remembering not to send men you don’t know as bait…” “Stop calling him that,” ordered Kylo, gritting his teeth behind his mask, “You could at least pretend to be professional.” “That’s a lark coming from you,” sniggered the Admiral, “We know all about Darth Tantrum over here.” Kylo’s hand went to his saber, “You will give me the respect I’m owed.” Tarkin shrugged, then grinned slightly as she watched one of the Republic ships fire on the Finalizer , “Ooh, someone’s finger must have slipped. They’ll regret that. Can’t take the high road anymore, can they?” She turned back to Kylo, “So you fancy old Huxy, do you?” “He’s mine ,” said Kylo. He raised his hand, putting pressure with the force on Tarkin’s throat, “If you call him that again, you’ll regret it.” “Temper,” said Tarkin playfully, as if she were scolding a naughty child. Kylo was barely holding back anymore. How dare she call him a child!? She was little more than a child herself. A useless figurehead under the control of the bureaucrats of the First Order. A glorified propaganda tool. Tarkin watched as small ships began to swarm towards the Finalizer , “I know you like him. If you threaten someone’s commanding officer the normal response is disbelief, then anger. You went straight to anger. That’s how you tell who’s got the hots for their superiors. And how I know nobody fancies Sirus.” “You’ll leave my General alone, or else,” ordered Kylo. Tarkin watched the Finalizer pull back, followed by the swarm of ships. She looked on intently, as if she were a spectator at a podrace, “Envelop them…classic, simple, effective…It’s a bit hard to leave him alone when I have to boss him around.” “You know what I meant!” snapped Kylo. Tarkin’s eyes flicked towards him mischievously. It was then that Kylo noticed one of her pupils was larger than the other. Drugs? No, it was mechanical. Just how much of her was machine? Darth Vader had been more machine than man towards the end of his life, so it was possible that she too was almost entirely cybernetic. She replied, “He’s interesting and I’m bored. I hear lots about him. Youngest General this, holds records for sharpshooting that, thrown together in some dodgy lab on Arkanis to make him the perfect First Order bloodhound, I want to see what the hype is about.” Kylo glared at her before she sighed, “But he’s so stuffy, not nearly wild enough. I’d be as fed up with him as I am with Sirus in no time. That and he’s too smart for me. You saw it didn’t you? He was looking at everything, figuring out how to use us all. I can see him becoming a problem for me if he stayed. So? Does he like you back?” “He pretends not to,” said Kylo, watching the battle carefully. He sensed truth in Takin’s words. She had no interest in Hux beyond his novelty. He could relax. The swarm of ships was lured in by the Finalizer when several ships in the First Order fleet surged forward, surrounding and showering them with laser fire, “He’s stubborn, and nervous, though he won’t admit that either.” “Of course not. His dad was a loony. All about survival of the strongest. Wouldn’t surprise me if Huxy had his ears boxed every time he showed some sort of weakness. You know Arkanisians are insane, right?” scoffed Tarkin. “People hurt him? In that lab he was…” Kylo trailed off. He had often thought his own upbringing was harsh enough, but Hux had been born, grown in some lab? Someone had beaten him? It was no wonder he nearly melted at the sensation of a gentle, loving touch. “I know there was some…thing. The Commandant’s Own. Back when the Empire was still around there was some project or other to see if soldiers with special breeding could beat out the rest of us. Project went under I guess, but Huxy is still around. Might be others as well. Never bothered checking,” said Tarkin with a dismissive shrug. She grinned, “Still, it’s different. I like different. It’s nice to shake things up.” “But you’ve no interest in him?” pressed Kylo. Tarkin stared back towards the hologram without really watching it, “Doesn’t matter if I am or not. They took my organs, the reproductive ones. ‘For safekeeping’ they said. Then they’ll force me to marry whoever, stuff my organs back inside me, and then force me to retire. Become the Matron of the First Order. They’ll have me crank out a new figurehead to replace me when I’m ugly and wrinkled. It’s going to happen when I turn thirty. Thirty’s when a single girl expires you know. If the powers that be say I have to marry, there’s not much I can do…besides murder everyone and go out being shot to death by a million blasters. I suppose that’s always an option.” Kylo watched her. He could feel the Force around her and her loudest thoughts. She was dark, not quite like Hux, but more dark than most. The energy around her, he began to notice was stagnant and melancholic. She was depressed. She had been depressed for a very long time. Her thoughts suddenly came flooding in as her mind went down a dark path. Tarkin planned on dying well before she turned thirty. She planned to allow an enemy to shoot her down. Someday, but not today. As she looked at Kylo he heard her thoughts. She wanted a few more adventures before she ended her life. Fighting with someone like Ren would be interesting. It was the only thought keeping her alive at the moment. Kylo did not like going into battle alongside someone intent on suicide. If Tarkin got him killed… “Have you tried appealing to the Supreme Leader? He is wise. He may be able to find a better use for you,” suggested Kylo. The Force around her shifted. Fear. It happened when most people heard someone mention the Supreme Leader. For some reason Kylo had not been expecting that reaction from Tarkin when she seemed so flippant about everything else. She had frozen, almost like Hux did when he gave one of those shudders. She was visibly unnerved, “I don’t speak with him directly.” “You could request it. With your rank, you’ve the right,” said Kylo, more interested in her reaction. He probed deeper into her thoughts without intending to. She was telling the truth, she did not speak to the Supreme Leader. He had spoken to her, once, after her time with the Resistance. His vision, his voice, his ability to see through her had terrified her to the core. She was scared to ask anything of him. She always made sure to avoid pushing whichever General was assigned to her too far for fear of angering Supreme Leader Snoke. She obeyed any order from him without question. Anything to avoid his anger. Anything to avoid seeing him again. Anything to avoid that gut-twisting coldness and the dark urges in her mind to hurt herself becoming amplified by tens and hundreds. It had been horrible, unlike any pain she had every experienced, as if she had never known happiness and never would know it. She knew to stop it from ever happening again, keeping Snoke happy would have to be her top priority. So his Master was cruel with her. It was a necessity, probably for Tarkin and the First Order’s own good. If it was the only way to keep her under control, Kylo could not say he was enamoured with the idea, but his Master was wise and must have had his reasons. The same way he was often merciless in Kylo’s own training. It was for his own good. It would make him stronger. It would bring him one more step closer to becoming like Darth Vader. It had brought him more than the light ever could. “I gave up my metaphorical heart and real uterus for the glory of the First Order. It’s a bit hard to back out now,” said Tarkin, returning her attention to the battle when she recovered from her nerves, “He’s whittled them down a bit. Clever boy…why do you like him anyways? Aside from the amazing personality and winning smile.” “He’s…” Kylo began. How to describe it? Hux was cruel, stubborn, efficient, bent on becoming perfection and power personified. The Dark Force that flowed from him was exquisite, fueled by his drive and passion for order and control. It became even better, almost delectable when that sweet fear mingled in whenever Kylo attempted to ravish him. His appearance was striking. He was the first red-head Kylo had ever seen, and his hair was only splash of natural, vibrant colour on the whole damned ship, and it offset the coolness of his eyes perfectly. Just like his pale skin starkly contrasted his dark uniform and made the perfect pink of his lips stand out beautifully. He always made sure he looked perfect, not a hair out of place, as if Hux was begging for someone to debauch him and put it all in disarray. Then there was his banter. His Hux was feisty, and Kylo loved how furious Hux had been when he said it. Hux was witty and pulled no punches, in his speech or in a real fight, and Kylo liked that. He liked that Hux was strong, intelligent, and might even be a challenge in a fight, for a non-Force user. He acted like he was made of durasteel, looked like he was made of porcelain, and felt like he was made of satin. How to answer the question though? Kylo doubted Tarkin wanted a speech, “General Hux’s affinity with the Dark side, whether he knows he gravitates to it or not, is beneficial to me.” “How?” asked Tarkin, cocking her brow. Ren was more relaxed now that Tarkin had shown disinterest in taking his General from him and that she was terrified of his Master. He grinned behind his mask, “My desire for him fuels my powers. Provided it does not become frustrating, I can use the darkness we both produce to become stronger.” “So people, even the ones who can’t use the Force, are like mini-Force-generators?” reasoned Tarkin, though she sounded uncertain. “The Force surrounds and moves through all living things. Moods, emotions even physical sensations a person experiences can turn the Force to light or darkness within their vicinity. General Hux’s radius is about thirty feet, and his charisma sparks desire, hate and fear in others, who in turn bend the Force to Darkness.” Tarkin gave a whistle, “Sounds like a perpetual Darkness motion machine.” One that looks stunning pinned to a bed , Kylo thought to himself. He recalled Hux on that morning. The morning Hux had invited him to share his bed. His hair was splayed, trapped between his arms, looking up at him with delicious apprehension as he calculated how he might break free from Kylo’s grip. Poor General. Thinking he had been so sneaky with all of his specialized weapons. Kylo doubted he had seen all of them, Hux may have been clever enough to hide one or two from him. He already had a knack for mental mazes, turning his thoughts off and hiding little details here and there. Kylo might have probed deeper, perhaps he should have done so from the start. There was no other word for it though, when the General was scared and scrambling to make a plan, it was the sexiest thing Kylo had ever seen. Hux must have realized what a turn on his resistance was by now. “And…” Kylo added quietly, “He’s beautiful, don’t you think?” “Kind of hard to think that when he’s scowling,” noted Tarkin, “Not disagreeing, but he looks sort of scary is all. All frowns and murder in his eyes.” Kylo grinned behind his mask, “He’s not like that with me. Most of the time. He’s…exquisite. A bit like a doll…” “Huh…now that you mention it. I used to have one that looked a bit like him. It was blond, but it had the same sort of eyes and mouth. I liked my girl dolls better though, they had prettier clothes,” said Tarkin as she looked at the hologram, “I’m hoping we’ll have an opening soon. Think you can mind-control someone and lower the shields on the flagship.” “I can lower their shields and make them kill each other,” said Kylo confidently. Tarkin gave a feral smile, “Well it’s no fun if you kill all of them. Leave a few alive so we can have some sport. Now come on Huxy, blow their brains out already…” Kylo turned to the two holographic fleets. Hux’s strategy was like his personal dealings. Cautious, calculating, then striking suddenly when everything had aligned perfectly. Hux was infuriatingly brilliant with his planning, and he grew stronger, darker, with his desires for power and control by the day. His Hux was going to be quite the handful if he went on unchecked. Kylo watched the Republic ships move, drawn in by the opportunity to attack the soft underbelly of a supposedly unprotected Star Destroyer. Hux was faster. The ships were swarmed by TIE fighters and cannon fire rained down from the Destroyer. “There, that should hold their attention. Strap in fuckface,” said Tarkin, gunning the engine of her assault craft. She nearly took out a docked TIE fighter as she took off. Kylo glared at her and put pressure on her throat, which curiously did not seem to deter her, “Stop calling me that.” Tarkin shrugged, “Well it’s that or bitchbucket. Your choice.” Hux watched the battle intently. His anxiety about not knowing any of his officers, his being on an unfamiliar vessel, having another General nearby who might challenge his authority all had long since faded away. Since he had been young, Hux had been very good at puzzles. Whether it was a mathematical assignment, cracking a code, reassembling a droid, Hux had found it very easy to get wrapped up in solving a puzzle. There were times he went days, barely sleeping, forgetting to eat, all so he could devote more time to solving whatever problem had been placed in front of him. A battle was no different. Just another puzzle to solve. Whether it was hand to hand, armed melee, ranged, or opposing armadas, Hux had found that the key to victory was to learn how all the pieces fit together. For example, an opponent lifting a blade for a two handed strike opened up their stomach. The solution then was to be fast, get low, and slice their belly open wide. Ships were the same. When large cannons fired, the shields lowered, and the best option was to swarm. When single ships approached, the proper response was to lure and envelop. If one ship was slow, it was imperative to cut it off from the rest of the fleet and blow it out of the sky. The Republic’s strategist or tactician, whoever it was, did not seem prepared to be facing someone who had long since figured out how all the pieces fit. They had been expecting a child, someone inexperienced, riding the coattails of their Imperial heritage. Hux would prove them wrong. He called out his orders briskly, calmly, circling the large hologram of the battle like a vulture. Occasionally he would prod at a ship, trying to move it, then remember that this was real and not a simulation for him to tweak and play with. He watched as ships, both First Order and Republic blinked out. The Republic had a massive fleet, and they had not skimped on sending ships to deal with the standoff. Hux kept a tally on how many ships had been lost. Whoever the tactician on the other side was, they must have thought their numbers gave them the freedom to be reckless. Or perhaps some, overeager to fight or seeking personal glory, had disobeyed orders and engaged despite being told to hold back. Either way, in terms of percentages, despite having a smaller number of ships, the First Order was holding its own. A light suddenly blinked into view. An assault ship flying out of the Helden , the First Order flagship’s hanger. Hux had not authorized takeoff for another wave of smaller crafts. Not yet. There was only one person it could have been. He had deliberated what ought to be done in this situation. He had to at least pretend to want to protect the Admiral and Ren, however, sending several squadrons of TIE fighters to guard them would tip the enemy off to the importance of the pilots, an amateur’s mistake that nobody would believe he made in ignorance. However, a lone ship flying into the fray would be too conspicuous if the Republic’s tactician noticed it. He had to make sure the assault vessel blended in, did not look overly important or out of place. “Lieutenant, send a single squadron of TIE fighters to rally around the assault vessel that just launched,” ordered Hux. The lieutenant hesitated. Not good. Something about that order must have been strange or wrong. Sirus chimed in, “We would normally only send two or three fighters. You don’t doubt the Admiral’s ability, do you General?” Hux stood firm by his decision. If he started deferring to the other General, so would the rest of the crew, “Send the squadron. I’ll not have the Supreme Leader’s apprentice or the admiral die on my watch.” Well, damn, now he could not abuse friendly fire, not after saying that. Hux heard the lieutenant hesitantly call for one of the squadrons to rally. He watched them carefully. They assembled into formation behind the assault vessel, looking like any of the regular squads, except they were barreling for the Republic Flagship. The opposing tactician would be bound to notice, there was no avoiding it. The Admiral would need heavy cover fire if she wanted any hope of reaching her target. Hux knew he was going to have to do something risky and reckless. He would see her and Ren safely to their target, and hope the New Republic would be kind enough to dispatch his two headaches for him. It would not be his fault if they died. He had to make sure it was not his fault if they died. Having either of their deaths on his hands would be the end of his career. All he would be able to do was hang his head solemnly before Snoke and say how much he regretted the loss. “Front line hard starboard, forty-five degrees. Aim straight ahead and fire ventral cannons,” commanded Hux. “A-at what?” stammered a lieutenant. “Everything!” barked Hux. No more polity. If they were going to question him and waver he could not afford to be civil. “Ooh, Huxy must be sweet on you. I don’t normally get this many guards,” observed Tarkin, “I think Sirus kinda wants me to die. At least the feeling’s mutual, right?” Ren would have grinned at the comment, but he was too absorbed in monitoring the battle. He was far from a nervous flier and this was far from his first battle, but it was his first time charging in so recklessly. He was usually confident he could overwhelm the enemy with his power. But at the moment, he was in a tiny assault ship, flanked by puny TIE Fighters, charging towards a massive blockade with a suicidal pilot sitting beside him. Even if he had all of Supreme Leader Snoke’s power, he would not have been able to take out every man and woman in the fleet in one quick and easy strike. Then he felt it, a clairvoyant double-vision, seeing people alive and dead at the same time before they fell permanently. Mostly for the Republic. He felt shock, and betrayal from TIE fighters caught in friendly fire as the whole fleet concentrated its power, shooting on an odd angle. As the lasers hit their marks he could hear hundreds of thousands of shrieks and death rattles. Tarkin pounded the control panel excitedly with the flat of her hand, “Did you see that!? See what he did? He’s giving us cover fire and using all that firepower as a makeshift shield to protect the fleet, each ship protecting the one to its left. He’s applying pole-arm tactics to confuse the enemy, deal out heavy damage, protect the fleet and give us an opening.” “You can’t have him,” Kylo warned her, trying to block out all of the screams that were pounding his head. He was so close to them. He could hear all the voices spilling out into empty space. “Are you kidding? This clinches it. You can keep him. He’s too clever for me,” laughed Tarkin, “He’d figure out some awful way to off me and make it look like an accident.” Kylo recalled Hux pondering that very scenario and was distracted from all the death around him long enough to smirk a little. His Hux would do that. Kylo was confident the only reason Hux had not made an attempt on his life was because he did not want to face Supreme Leader Snoke’s wrath. Of course, now that they were practically lovers, Hux likely had other reasons, suppressed into his subconscious, for keeping Kylo alive. As he and Tarkin approached their target, Kylo thought about Hux, all the sinful things he could do to corrupt his modest General. He thought of Hux, shyly stripping away his uniform, looking away timidly and handing himself over to be defiled. He thought about Hux’s voice, imagined him moaning, recalled the softness of his skin, the fiery jolts that would burst in waves through his body when he was touched and whispered to. Kylo’s desire built up he felt darkness surge through him. It was not enough. More, he needed more dark energy. He was taking on a flagship for goodness sake. “I’m going to get very angry. You might feel some pressure. Try not to be alarmed,” said Kylo, unstrapping himself from his seat and standing. “You’re going to what now?” asked Tarkin. Kylo thought back, sinking gradually into the hate that seemed to have perpetually pooled inside of him. He never dove into it, not all at once. That would result in a complete loss of control, which would have been bad enough on a small planet or Star Destroyer, but would certainly cause instantaneous death in a small craft like this. First small things, irksome needling things to start the rage building. Tarkin’s fake flesh made disgusting noises. There were still no leads on the artifact he was searching for. Hux still occasionally thought of his seduction as a near-rape scenario. Which it wasn’t. His anger was building slightly. He had accumulated enough darkness around him that he could now hear more voices than a few moments before. The anger needed to become stronger. His training had hit a wall. He still needed to prevent his thoughts and feelings from leaking into other people’s consciousness. He was angry at his own failings. He was angry that he could not fine tune his control. He was angry that Hux made control look so easy. He was angry that the enemy seemed to get the best of them time and time again. The enemies that had hurt Hux. His Hux. And now the Republic was keeping him from his revenge. Now the anger could begin to fester into hate. Kylo hated the Republic. They were in his way. They were keeping him from what he wanted. If they would not move, he would make them move. He would make them pay. Make them bleed. Cut them. Rip them. Slaughter them. They would pay for their dealings with the Resistance, the underhanded dealings they had made with her . Her… Kylo’s hate nearly faltered when he thought of her. But thinking of her made Kylo think of him . Then the hate returned, thrumming, powerful. He could feel them all now, every man and woman on every ship. He concentrated on the flagship, sorting through a million thoughts at once. Shields. One of them had to know how to lower shields. He found one, an Ensign. The Ensign was scared. It was his first battle. He was afraid of being killed. More afraid of killing. He was thinking of all the poor brainwashed children the Empire had used to create the First Order. That poor girl with her uneven eyes. She was being used. That poor boy. So young. Such a pity. Then came the confusion, the conflict. Those poor children, but they are killing us. Killing our comrades. They need to be stopped. They need to be killed. No…they don’t know any better, they’re being used, and yet we have to, but… The conflict in the Ensign’s mind would make him pliable. Kylo turned to Tarkin, “Take us in. I have one.” Tarkin was sweating, grinning through what appeared to be excruciating pain. Kylo knew he was the one hurting her, right now, exerting so much Force energy in the small space. She bore it well though. Having lost all her limbs and an eye she must have been no stranger to pain. “You got it bitchbucket,” hissed Tarkin through her gritted teeth. She hissed again in agony when Kylo’s anger spiked, “My name is Kylo Ren .” “Right, right, whatever,” said Tarkin, pretending to be flippant as she gunned the engines and sped ahead of her guard. Just like him . Him and the goddamned ship he always left on. Kylo would entertain thoughts of that man for a moment longer. He needed the hate. Tarkin growled, “You’d better get them down. I don’t want my death to be a stupid one. Grand Admiral Tarkin died by splattering herself all over a shield. Doesn’t that sound daft?” As if Kylo wanted himself to explode and splatter into space across the energy shields of a Republic ship any more than she did. He caught the Ensign, whispered to him, ‘You will lower the shields.’ The Ensign fought back briefly, ‘But they’ll hit us.’ Kylo whispered back, ‘If you don’t you’ll hurt them, you’ll kill them. You don’t want that. You will lower the shields. You’re the only one who can save them. You have to save them.’ ‘…I will lower the shields.’ “They’re down. Go,” ordered Kylo. They flew faster than Kylo thought an assault ship could go, TIE fighters struggling to keep up. The Republic flagship’s cannons locked onto them, or attempted to, and began to fire. Kylo could feel them, caught off guard by a ship somehow penetrating their shields. Their confusion as they wondered which of their own could have betrayed them. Kylo sat down, gripping the arms of his seat as Tarkin maneuvered the ship around the heavy fire. Kylo spied an opening, a hanger, beginning to close. “Hang on,” said Tarkin, heading straight for it. She fired on the hanger, blasting the opening wider. The ship sailed through it. Kylo jerked as the ship hit the runway. Tarkin had not bothered with landing gear. She fired on every ship in sight. Reinforcements were on their way, ready to capture. Capture, Kylo noted, not kill. Their weakness would be the end of them. The smaller Republic crafts had been obliterated. Any personnel still in the hangar had taken cover. Tarkin finally released her hold on the ship’s controls. She kicked a compartment, which opened immediately and produced a blaster. “Take it you’re happy with your laser sword,” said Tarkin, grabbing the blaster. Kylo noted she had not bothered putting the safety on. “Very,” he replied. Tarkin stood up and took something down from a compartment in the rafters that Kylo did not expect. An axe. A large one. It did not appear to have any electronic or mechanical components. It was nothing but a large blade on a stick. A weapon for a barbarian, or an animal. Tarkin giggled, “We’ll capture their General and make him call off the rest of the rabble. Everyone that gets in the way is fair game. What do you say, most heads wins?” Something inside Kylo snapped. A part of him he kept closed off was finally being allowed a release, one that crates and consoles could not begin to satisfy. Tarkin was offering him blood. Real blood. A chance to kill, be covered in blood and darkness, to revel in the fear and confusion and pain once again. He was finally being given permission to release all of those destructive urges that Hux ordered him to keep a handle on. It was hard holding back, but now he did not have to. These were not people, they were worms, and Kylo would squash them underfoot. They deserved worse. He activated his Lightsaber. Tarkin grinned, whistling appreciatively. Kylo grinned behind his mask, “Most heads wins.” They burst from the ship and were met with immediate blaster fire. Kylo blocked the blaster bolts as Tarkin fired back, charging forward, free from hesitation. She vaulted over the crates the enemy had taken shelter behind, a feat likely made possible by her prosthetics. Kylo watched blood splatter and heard screams, then girlish giggles as everything went quiet. Tarkin emerged, splashed with red, traipsing towards the exit, waving at the observation platform, “Either they aren’t there or they aren’t firing.” “They’re watching,” said Kylo. He moved his hand. Half a dozen soldiers were compelled to walk to the observation window. He smiled to himself as he forced them to raise their weapons to their chins, their mouths, their temples. Then they all fired. Blood splattered against the window. “Heh, gross,” giggled Tarkin. “They locked the door. Perhaps I should have waited,” said Kylo. It was of little consequence though. He would be able to cut through it eventually. “I’ll get it. Hold me tight,” she ordered, wrapping an arm around Kylo’s waist. Her body twisted, her right leg shot out on a ninety degree angle. Tarkin jabbed her thumb into her thigh. Her small body jerked with the recoil as a carbine shot out of the heel of her foot. The door exploded. Tarkin let go and held out her hand in mock politeness, “After you.” “I see why you don’t wear shoes,” noted Kylo. “They just get in the way of the carbine. Tried wearing boots once. Nearly blew my leg off again,” laughed Tarkin. Kylo nodded appreciatively as he moved forward. This was a warrior. She was not like Hux and his kind who sat behind desks or stood on bridges moving people about without joining the fray. This was a person who had fashioned her body into a weapon and took what she wanted with her own two hands. Kylo could appreciate that. Her bloodlust, while nowhere near as delicious as the darkness Hux produced, was infectious. It spurred him on, like it was supporting him, cheering for him, like an old friend. ‘ Perhaps because she’s a Tarkin ,’ Kylo thought. His Skywalker blood might have recognized a familiar ally in her. The thought did not last long. Kylo sensed people coming, panicking, shutting off doors, trying to decide what was to be done. They had not prepared for this. They had not expected this. They had thought nobody would be so rash as to attempt anything like this. Kylo silenced them, froze them. They would not live to regret their mistakes. Kylo sliced through another set of blast doors. He would let the Admiral save her carbines and explosives. A small platoon was frozen in place. He carved his way through them. Tarkin sauntered behind, doing the same to any that were still breathing, taking childish delight in cleaving the heads from the necks of corpses. As they neared a lift shaft, Kylo ripped the doors off their hinges. There was no lift, not anymore, the cables had been cut to stall them. This did not stop Tarkin. She slung the axe over her shoulder and leapt into the empty shaft, catching onto the wall and sliding down slightly, leaving twenty long gashes before she finally stopped. Kylo nearly laughed at the absurdity. Tarkin had spikes in her toes and fingers. She began to scale the wall, driving her fingers and toes loudly into the shaft as she climbed. Weaponizing her prosthetics was either the most practical thing she could have done, or the most ridiculous. Although, given the fact that Lightsaber dueling was based on striking to dismember, perhaps it would not be a bad idea to look into finding a mechanic who specialized in weaponized prosthetics. Just in case. In the meantime, Kylo could not climb up the shaft, and he doubted that Tarkin had the strength to pull him up. He looked down the shaft and could sense the elevator at the bottom. It would be difficult, but he might be able to lift it back up and take it to the top. Closing his eyes he concentrated. There was beautiful, intense darkness around him. The hate, the confusion, the fear in the final moments of the corpses behind him. It fed him, nourished him. Stretching out a hand he wrapped it around the empty, disconnected elevator. It was heavy, but well within the limits of his strength. The dull thud of Tarkin piercing the walls kept time as he felt it begin to rise, slowly and steadily. This was taking too long. He was getting tired of waiting. More fear, more anger, more hate. He would have to generate it himself, everyone else was dead and the residual darkness around their bodies had disappeared. Just a little more should be enough, he should not have to think about anything too painful. He concentrated on his fear of disappointing. That he might never control his power effectively. That he might never complete his training. That he would fail. The elevator rose more quickly, as if spurred on by his fear and impatience. As it reached his floor, Kylo stepped on top of it. He heard an explosion, then blaster fire followed by screaming. Tarkin must have reached the top already. Kylo sighed, irritated. Someone without the benefit of the Force was getting ahead of him with a few cheap tricks and machines. His now conflicted feelings regarding Tarkin aside, he hated being bested by anyone. It was part of what made Hux so infuriating at times. The difference was that Hux, despite never being in the thick of combat, was good at thinking, plotting, planning, things Kylo could accomplish, but knew he was not good at. Tarkin was beating him at his own game, and he could not abide it. He rushed to the top and found her slouched over a mound of corpses. Her axe was tossed aside as she gripped the side of the hall. She glared back at Ren, “They shot me. Again.” “You could have waited,” said Kylo, pretending not to grin. Served her right for going on ahead, “Where were you hit?” “My leg in one of the fleshy bits, and my left arm,” said Tarkin sourly, limping to face him. A hole had burned through her thigh, revealing flayed, burnt flesh. She snapped her torso to the side, her left arm flailed limp and useless at the shoulder. She growled, “I can’t use my axe with only one hand. That just pisses me off.” “Stay here then. I don’t need you to capture the General,” said Kylo, brushing past her. He could sense more troops behind the blast doors. They were close to the bridge. Kylo could feel it. Just a few more insects to crush and it would all be over. Insects. It was strange how much this whole thing reminded him of childhood, picking the limbs off of spiders and watching them roll around on their backs until they shriveled in on themselves and died. She had been horrified. He had said boys would be boys, trying to cover his disgust. He wondered what they would think now that he had outgrown spiders. He wondered why he even bothered to think about them. “It’s good that you don’t forget. That pain will give you the strength you need to enact your revenge.” ‘Master,’ Kylo thought, acknowledging him as he cut through the blast doors. He raised his hand, freezing the blaster bolts, ‘I am applying your teaching as best I can. Does my progress please you?’ ‘This is no true test of your power. They are not strong enough to provide a sufficient challenge. You’re power has grown too great to be measured by this paltry assault.’ ‘What challenge would be sufficient? I am ready. Please tell me what I must do to be more worthy’ insisted Kylo, his Lightsaber carving through flesh all too easily. ‘Your test will come, but you must stay vigilant Lord Ren. Keep your senses sharp. You will know it when the time comes.’ ‘Yes Master,’ Kylo replied. He knew the Supreme Leader must have known what was in his heart. He wanted Hux, Hux resisted, and as a result the General occupied more of his time and thoughts than he ought to have. The more time spent thinking about Hux, the less time he spent meditating on more pressing matters. And yet, so long as he kept his senses sharp, surely there would be no harm in- ‘There is no harm, provided you remain loyal and vigilant. The General must attend his duties as well, but so long as your desire leads you to power…do what you will with him,’ came the reply, ringing in his ears. Kylo grinned to himself. His former master had never understood the beauty of the dark side. He had been ordered to contain his emotions, suppress them, and not allow them to cloud his so called better judgement. He never understood how powerful Kylo’s emotions could make him. He did not seem to understand that bottling up all of the feelings took away everything that made him the person he was. Worst of all when it came to love, desire, anger, hate, fear, all of the strong feelings. If those were taken away from him, what would he become? “Hello? Hey, bitchbucket.” Kylo glanced down at Tarkin, who looked at him, brow furrowed, “Something really interesting about that wall that I’m missing out on?” “I was communing with my Master,” said Kylo. Tarkin visibly recoiled and clutched her blaster tighter. Kylo grinned. He liked her better when she was in her place. He continued, “The bridge is beyond these doors. Try not to get shot again.” “I won’t. Just make sure you take out the security monitors first. Huxy won’t be happy with us if footage of what we’re about to do gets out. You’ll be left with blue balls for a year, at least.” Bonus Stupidity Hux stood with General Sirus near the social gathering point known as the 'water cooler'. He took a sip of water from a paper cup and looked over at the other General, "So...Tarkin seems...like herself." Sirus rolled his eyes, "I would willingly trade her for Lord Ren. He seems much more manageable." Hux snorted, "He destroys everything in his path on a whim. Consoles, Stormtroopers, sensitive equipment..." Sirus countered, "Tarkin destroys everything on whims and then I have to come up with a cover story so nobody thinks the First Order's Figurehead is a maniac." Ah, so he wanted to have a pissing contest. Hux, never one to pass up on a challenge, continued, "The destruction is one thing though. With his powers he can scramble the crew's brains from across the ship and leave them catatonic. It's a massive headache." "Tarkin blew up an entire platoon once. When someone pointed out it was one of our platoons she just giggled and ordered me to sweep the whole thing under the rug." "Lord Ren once ran around the ship dressed up as a radar technician and acted like nobody would be able to tell it was him. He killed several people during the incident and destroyed scores of sensitive instruments." "Tarkin ran around Coruscant dressed as her grand-uncle and declared herself the crown prince of Argyle sweaters. It was a PR nightmare." "Wait...why are we arguing? We're a couple of intelligent men with insane co-commanders...we should be putting our heads together and figuring out a way to get rid of them," said Hux. "Ah, so I won the argument?" asked Sirus slyly. Hux paused for a moment then continued, "I'm just saying we should stop arguing and work together. Also...Kylo Ren tries to mind control people into believing he has an eight pack." "Helmeena Tarkin says she has a ten pack. That she's beyond shredded." Hux narrowed his eyes. This argument was likely to go on for a while... Chapter 11 : Ye'd better be quiet and still (Ye shan't have your liberty, do what ye will) Summary: I need to run to work in three freaking minutes so thanks to Eight for edits, thanks to everyone for reading and I'M GOING TO MISS MY BLOODY TRAIN AHHHHHHH!!!!!!! “Hello my fretful darlings~!” Tarkin sang out her greeting as the blast doors opened. It was taking more energy than Ren liked to admit to restrain everyone on the bridge. He was so tired. The search for someone to lower the shields, restraining soldiers, the physical exertion of killing, lifting the elevator, and communing with his master had all taken its toll. He could feel his muscles beginning to resonate with his mental fatigue. His head hurt. He turned to the darkness to keep him going. He thought of Hux, fighting back, pushing thoughts of being ravished from his mind as he realized the futility of his struggling and held nice and still for him. It helped. If only Hux was at his side he could have fed off of the powerful darkness he exuded and the desire he felt when he looked at the General. He would have to settle for Tarkin’s aura. It was still infectious, but now that she was not killing anyone it became less potent. Takin’s darkness was erratic, going from blazing to stagnant depending on the situation. Hux was better. His darkness was far-reaching, steady, and while it had its emotional shifts, Hux did all he could to keep his feelings contained and it kept the darkness around him stable. The result was his emotions punctuating the darkness without becoming overpowering, like a sweet perfume. Unlike General Nohr’s surprise, which flooded the room and smacked Kylo’s senses. His flagship had somehow been compromised. How had the shields been lowered? How had a two man cell managed to cause so much death and destruction? Was the young woman, grinning like a feral animal and limbing from her wounds the same one who addressed him earlier with such polished propriety. “Admiral Tarkin…” he said, unevenly, as if trying to confirm what he was witnessing. “Hm? Oh, I suppose you was expecting that other girl. You wouldn’t like her, she’s completely out-her-ass insane,” said Tarkin with a shrug, her damaged arm flopping limply at her side,”Right, so, if the General here doesn’t want anyone else to die, he’ll call off his attack and come with us.” Kylo released Nohr after Tarkin seized his weapon. The man raised his arms, testing them, before holding one out to Tarkin as if to give her a warning, “What have you done?” “Killed everyone you posted on the way here mostly,” said Tarkin casually, examining Nohr’s blaster, “Care to surrender?” “Never,” said Nohr. “Oops.” Tarkin fired the blaster, killing a frozen lieutenant. Good, Kylo thought, one less target to keep a hold of. The Admiral shrugged, “My finger slipped. I’ll ask again, care to surrender?” Nohr’s eyes were wide. His flooding emotions turned to fear, along with those of his soldiers. Kylo could feel his shock at the brutality. The disbelief that a longtime comrade had been felled in cold blood. The horror that someone so young could be so brutal. The wretched anticipation as they wondered who might be next. It made things a little easier on Kylo. The more darkness the better. Nohr took a step towards her, “Put the blaster down and we’ll negotiate.” “Huxy tried that with you already, and you were quite rude to him. This is what we’re going to do. You and your fleet will surrender, you will personally become our hostage, and then we’re going to get a deal with your precious New Republic allowing us to look for the Resistance in your system,” said Tarkin, “And if you don’t, I will personally kill every man and woman on this bridge until you change your mind. Let’s start with this one.” Tarkin sauntered over to another lieutenant, a tall brunette. She closed her eyes. Kylo could sense her preparing for the worst, praying that Nohr would not surrender but also that somehow…somehow she might live. She didn’t want to die. Tarkin set the blaster aside and pulled an odd-looking metal hook from her leggings. She held it up, “Ever seen this before? A souvenir from Tatooine. Do you know what it’s for?” Tarkin rested the hook under the lieutenant’s nose, “When Sandpeople die they embalm their dead, but first they have to get all the organs out. This is what they use to remove the brain. They just shove it up the nose, scramble it around, and it all comes out quite cleanly. So, are you going to surrender or do you want to see her brains as badly as I do?” “You’re a monster,” growled Nohr. “Well, you heard the man. Sorry about your luck brown eyes,” said Tarkin dejectedly as she began shoving the hook up her nostril. “Stop!” Tarkin stopped. The lieutenant’s nose was bleeding. Nohr approached his control panel. He glared at Tarkin, who was looking incredibly satisfied with herself as he spoke over the intercom, “This is General Nohr. All units are to stand down immediately. All units stand down.” Kylo let the crew go. The lieutenant sprang away from Tarkin. The Admiral approached Nohr as his crew looked apprehensively at Kylo. Kylo for his part was surprised the surrender came so easily. The Supreme Leader, Hux, they would never have been coerced by such a threat. He could sense the strong bonds between the General and his men. That must have been it. General Nohr had done a very foolish thing and had started to see his men as family instead of pawns. Tarkin kept eye contact with Nohr and tapped lightly on the control panel, “General Hux, this is Admiral Tarkin. The New Republic Flagship is ours. Have all units stand down and send a Star Destroyer around to secure General Nohr.” Hux’s voice sounded over the intercom, smooth and calm, but just a touch incredulous, “Yes Ma’am. All hands will stand down immediately.” “See. It’s your fault they’re all dead you know. You could have just let us pursue the Resistance, but no, instead you make all this fuss,” said Tarkin, grinning, “You really should have listened to Huxy. Speaking of which…” Takin placed her hand on the console again, “General Hux, I have General Nohr with me here. Is there anything you would like to say to him?” There was a moment of silence. Kylo did not have to read his mind to know that Hux was thinking, reading the situation, the mood, knowing that his words would likely be passed on through the New Republic, its innocent people and the Resistance alike. His voice finally came, smooth and even, “I am very sorry we were forced to come to blows, however, we cannot allow ourselves to be compromised. If the New Republic crosses us again, the First Order will strike back.” Nohr was furious, but like Hux usually did he tried to contain it. It was slipping though, and Kylo was elated when he saw the man’s hands shaking. The fear and anger was wonderful. Nohr replied, “You’re misguided children, and you have no idea what you’ve started.” “We do,” said Tarkin, retracting her hand gingerly, “Though perhaps you don’t, siding with the Resistance slime. You have no idea what they are.” Helmina pocketed her hook and reached up to her face. She pulled her mechanical eye from the socket, revealing the fleshy hole. She growled, “You think they’re good? You think they’re just? Why don’t you have a look at what your precious Resistance did to my face!?” She looked up at Nohr savagely, letting him take in the sight, before she shoved the eye back in with a sickening squelching sound. Kylo could sense his shock at the sight, his disbelief that the Resistance would have done that. Kylo pulled out of his thoughts as Nohr refused to believe General Organa would sanction such an act on a prisoner of war. He was right though. She never had the stomach for torture. This did not seem quite right. Tarkin backed off, “Kylo, I’m bored and I need a drink. Help me cuff this bastard so we can go-” A private. Hot blooded. Determined. About to fire. Kylo turned and seized him by the throat. Tarkin’s smile returned as she watched him float in the air, clawing at the invisible bonds around his neck, “Well well well, violating the ceasefire so soon? Dear oh dear…I get to use my new hook after all.” “No!” cried Nohr. Kylo froze him. “Oh hush and be grateful I’m only killing one of you. I mean, really, if you didn’t want people dying you shouldn’t have started a war. You heard Huxy,” said Helmeena, sauntering towards her victim, “If the New Republic crosses us, we will strike back. We always do you know…” The Force on the flagship was cold. The only flecks of joy came from Tarkin as General Nohr was held, arms cuffed behind his back on his own bridge. The air around the ship lightened as The Finalizer docked. Of course Hux would send his own men to secure the rest of the ship. Phasma had the entire ship under her control in record time as Stormtroopers captured the remaining New Republic Soldiers. As soon as the bridge had been secured Kylo felt confident in letting his mind rest. He had a massive headache, he had more than certainly overexerted his abilities. He thought of returning to the Finalizer , to his dark quarters, his meditation space, his Grandfather’s mask, but refrained. Hux was on the Admiral’s ship, the Helden. Hux had gave his word that they would negotiate taking their relationship further. Kylo did not want to miss that. He didn’t want to give Hux a chance to back out or avoid him. His Hux could be sneaky that way. Instead of joining Phasma he followed Takin back to her assault ship. At least they would not have to weave through laser fire again. He sat down, exhausted. He wanted to take off his mask, but left it on. Tarkin had not seen his face yet, and though she had proven herself to be useful, she had not earned the privilege of seeing his face. Not yet. She might though. If she ever became inclined to be a little less rude to him, Kylo could see her as a companion. She was descended from his Grandfather’s old ally. That had to count for something. Tarkin sparked the ship to life and drifted out of the hanger. She was exhausted as well, and despite getting her fill of violence, she radiated unhappiness. She could not understand why. She was closer to her revenge. She had her fun. She got to fight along-side a new ally with interesting powers. Why wasn’t she happy? Why was blood no longer satisfying her? She needed a drink. She needed sex. She needed sleep. She still wanted to die and could not fully understand why she felt that way. She needed to change the subject. “So, I suppose you and Huxy will be having your own private celebration,” she said slyly. Kylo knew she was only trying to distract herself from the dark thoughts lingering in her mind. Kylo sighed. If it would stop her from emitting that stagnant suicidal train of thought at him, “He’s nervous. He won’t let me.” “You should drug him, that’s how I usually get people to sleep with me,” replied Tarkin. Kylo rolled his eyes, “I told you, my power feeds off emotion. If all that’s coming off of a person is haze it’s not satisfying. That means no drugs and no alcohol.” “What’s he got to be nervous about? It’s just sex,” said Tarkin, “Not like you’re sending him off to the front.” “He’s a virgin ,” said Kylo, spitting out the last word with irritation. He liked the idea of being the only one to be with Hux. That the man was his and nobody else had ever touched him with kindness, let alone desire. Thinking about Hux’s virginity and sexual inexperience was actually quite the turn on. Hux would be his, only his. More than that, Kylo would be the only one who knew General Hux, so stern and stoic, fell apart under gentle touches and whispers. But the man was taking forever to prepare himself… “What? Really? Huxy’s never done it?” exclaimed Tarkin incredulously, “Isn’t he almost thirty!? How has he survived this…wait…on second thought, this sort of explains everything. Always was a bit of a grump. He could probably use a good hard fucking.” Kylo wondered at the day’s chain of events. Meeting Tarkin, dealing with Hux, slaughtering tens if not hundreds, only to return to his normal life, chattering idly about his sexual prospects. He felt something inside himself. None of the men captured or killed would return to normal. Nobody who saw combat today would go back to normal, not any time soon. Kylo quickly banished the thought. That was the light. The light had no place in his mind. Not here. Not now. He thought about Hux’s scent and how easy it was to make him shiver and squirm. That seemed to help. The call faded slightly at that. “So what’s he waiting for? A bouquet of flowers, pretty music, moonlight dinner and dance?” asked Tarkin. Kylo snorted. The idea of Hux wanting any of that was stupid. Hux’s idea of fun consisted of complex puzzles, training, studying and thinking of weapon designs. He would probably sneer at the thought of being romanced when his time could be put to better use. The knight replied, “It’s just nerves. He’s afraid I’m going too fast.” Kylo’s voice darkened, “Keeps worrying I’ll force him.” “Did you ask if he wanted it?” “Yes, but he keeps lying about it.” “Did you say you wouldn’t hurt him?” “Of course. I’m not a monster.” “Does he like it?” asked Tarkin slyly. Kylo grinned, “He loves it.” The Admiral grinned, “Care to elaborate on how much he loves it?” Kylo did not mind telling her. She was crazy. If she said anything nobody would believe her, they would think she was telling a bawdy joke. Besides, he had not been presented with many opportunities to brag about just how much he could elicit from the General, and with such little effort. The only people he had to talk to were his Master and Hux. Hux got ridiculously upset when he was talked about like that, and his Master, while always ready to listen, was not exactly the same as having someone his own age to talk to. It occurred to Kylo that he never had this. A peer his own age who agreed with him and he could talk to so easily. He liked it. Tarkin still had her annoying points, but it was the first time he felt this particular sort of attachment before. He grinned, purring to himself behind the mask, “He turns into a shivering mess from the slightest touches. I haven’t even gotten his clothes off. Just touching his neck or back makes him blush and squirm.” “Then he can’t not want it,” reasoned Tarkin, “Not if that’s how he’s reacting. Sounds like he’s touch starved and nervous. He just needs a little push. I know. I’ll set you up. I’m probably going to have to give another damned address, but after that I made Huxy promise to drink with me. You come too. I’ll see if I can get him a bit more receptive.” “No drugs,” warned Kylo, “And I don’t want him drunk.” “I know, I know,” said the Admiral. As they approached the Helden and her personal hanger she looked back at the flagship. She was not concerned for the men she had killed. She did not regret it. They had all deserved what they got and more. And yet she felt drawn to it. Why? Why wasn’t she satisfied with it anymore? She shifted her train of thoughts. “I think I’ve got an idea. You ever heard of pyx root?” asked Tarkin. “I don’t want him drugged,” repeated Ren. “It’s not a drug, it’s a catalyst. It makes alcohol react faster and stronger than normal. Processes so you get off your ass drunk quick but sober up just as fast. It makes parties pretty entertaining,” explained Tarkin, “Let’s see, Huxy’s tall, but doesn’t seem to have much meat on him. If you want him out fast we’ll have to give him something strong to get him stupid right away so we can keep him drinking.” Hux had been much more compliant when he was drunk, but still too incoherent for Kylo’s liking. Tarkin leaned against the control board, “No, see, this is the plan. We have some fun, get him completely smashed, have a few laughs, and then put him to bed. When he comes to, you tell him you didn’t fuck him while he was passed out, and he’ll be so touched by it there’s no way he’d say no. Hell, we can even make it look like you rescued him for good measure. He’ll be so grateful he’ll probably agree to just about anything.” That…was a surprisingly good plan. Tarkin landed the assault vessel in the hangar and sighed as she strapped her boots back on. She was thinking about the painstaking process of being transformed into her other self, that Alter Ego and having to make another speech. She was so tired. She did not want to do it. It was her job. She was a figurehead. Her Tarkin blood had made it impossible for her to be seen as anything else by the First Order. She had been chosen by the Supreme Leader himself for the task of becoming a figure to be rallied behind. She could have her blood and live comfortably provided she attended her task. If she disappointed him…She pushed the thought aside and thought about how insufferable it was going to be to have to have her hair tugged and primped twice in the same day. Kyo closed his eyes and sensed Hux approaching. His steady, unyielding darkness, tempered with conflicting satisfaction of a task completed with the desired outcome and apprehension of the coming night. Kylo particularly revelled in the latter. It was going to be wonderful when Hux abandoned this silly hang-up of his, but Kylo would miss that particular feeling. Perhaps it would not fade right away. There was an awful lot he wanted to do with the General…it would take some time before all that shyness was stripped away from him. It could be fun, peeling back layer after layer, and just when Hux thought he could not be defiled any further, Kylo would peel back another. He wanted to see Hux free from all his propriety and restraint, blushing and moaning while he begged for more. Tarkin straightened her tunic only slightly before getting up. She had cheered herself slightly. She was thinking about that night and what she might be able to do to play matchmaker. She had never done it before. It might be an interesting diversion. She left the assault ship and Ren followed. He did not want to kill her anymore. She had no interest in Hux, going so far as to help Ren with his pursuit. Hux had no interest in her outside of her usefulness, so there was no need to go so far as killing her. She was really a pathetic creature. She would likely die soon enough and Kylo felt strangely saddened by that. He thought he might even miss her a little if her urges to kill herself ever got the better of her. Hux was waiting in the hangar, General Sirus beside him, not entirely pleased. Kylo detected jealously coming off him in spades, partly for his victory, and partly because Hux would leave the ship soon and leave him alone trying to manage Tarkin by himself. Kylo sighed. People had such loud, petty thoughts. Even Hux had them from time to time, which was a pity, but understandable. Tarkin grinned widely and raised her right hand, her left flopping uselessly at her side as she called out, “Huxy! Nice trick with the lasers. Using a Culloden strike and blasting them to bits.” Hux was surprised by this, Kylo sensed it. He did not think Tarkin had ever bothered with studying tactics or strategy of any sort. He replied with his usual quick politeness, “I’m honored you noticed such a detail, Ma’am.” “I’d say that earns a group hug! Come here Huxy!” Hux was panicking inside his mind and Kylo loved every second of it. Hux did not want Tarkin touching him. She was covered in blood. He had a hard enough time coming to terms with hugs as it was. It would take forever to clean his uniform. He wanted her to stop, “Ma’am, I hardly think that’s appropriate.” “Group hug!” snapped Tarkin, more insistently, “Come on Kylo, get in here!” Hux’s panic spiked and Kylo felt his desire build. Hux in a panic always felt wonderful. He strode over to where the Generals stood, opening his arms, “Yes, come on Huxy , humor the Admiral.” Hux glowered at Ren, and was so focused on him that he was startled when Tarkin slammed her tiny, mostly mechanical body into him, wrapping her good arm around his waist. Hux froze, feeling blood seep into his tunic. He was disgusted, he was angry, and Kylo wanted to feel more. He slipped past Hux, grabbing him from behind and nuzzling against his face and hair, smearing the blood of his enemies all over him. Marring that perfect doll-like porcelain with red. Spoiling him. Marking him. Kylo could not help the overwhelming possessiveness he felt for Hux, manifesting of its own accord into one word. Mine . Hux gasped and glared. He must have overheard. Probably not for the first time. “Sirus why aren’t you in this group hug?” “Well, Ma’am, it doesn’t seem right since I wasn’t really involve-” “Damn it Sirus you will hug us and you will like it you miserable shit!” Hux maintained his rigid posture as the other General awkwardly put his arms around the three. Kylo chuckled softly into Hux’s ear. He shivered, and when Hux shivered Kylo felt it empathically. If Tarkin and her General had not been present, Kylo would have had half a mind to shove Hux to the floor and have him right there in the hanger. Perhaps not the tenderest location for their first time together, but at least it would have been memorable. Hux seemed to feel better now. All pain and damage from his fall was gone. He was back to top form and the battle was over. There would be no distractions, nothing to inhibit them. Hux had no more excuses. And Hux, clenching his fists, pressing his gloved fingertips into his palms, seemed at least marginally aware of that. Good , thought Ren, wishing he could press a kiss to his General’s hair. Bonus Stupidity: With both fleets disengaged, Hux was left to stand on the bridge in a state of disbelief. They had done it. Ren and Tarkin had actually taken the flagship. He was almost too surprised to be disappointed they had both survived. "They actually did it..." observed Hux. "It seems that way," confirmed Sirus. The two Generals exchanged a look. Even without the Force they understood exactly what the other was thinking. Takin was coming back alive. That meant she would want to subject one or both of them to one of her infamous drinking parties. She was going to come back and one or both of them was about to be, in all likelihood, drugged, disgraced, killed, or all three. The two Generals pulled a pair of violins from their respective hammer-spaces. Hux looked about the bridge at the crew who were stunned at the sudden appearance of musical instruments and the resigned looks on the Generals' faces. Hux addressed them with as much calmness and dignity as he could muster, "Gentlemen, it has been an honour serving with you." They nodded at each other and began playing a heart-rending 'Nearer my God to Thee.' "Um...what are they doing...?" asked a Petty Officer. "Oh, you must be new. They do that sometimes, just ignore them," said the Lieutenant, waving a hand dismissively, "And be thankful they don't have backup dancers this time." Chapter 12 : We'll Give 'em a Slip and Take a Sip Notes: Okay, so I want to put a MASSIVE TRIGGER WARNING here for DATE RAPE DRUGS. Basically in this chapter a character gets slipped something. This is, unfortunately, something that happens very frequently. If you find this situation triggering, you may want to give this chapter a miss. Bonus Stupidity TBAdded when I get home from work. I'll try not to miss my train this time *determined face* Hux had not been given a chance to see the rooms he would be occupying that night. He wished he could have, if only for a moment to decompress, change out of his blood soaked uniform and wipe the dried coagulated mess from his face. Damn Ren. He must have enjoyed himself immensely. The knight could not even give him enough freedom to celebrate his victory. His first command over a whole fleet, and it had been a resounding success. Admittedly he owed the speed with which he had won to Tarkin and Ren for storming the flagship, but even without them he was confident he could have forced a surrender from them all on his own. He sat in Tarkin’s quarters, which might have been much like his own if not for the mess. The furniture had been scratched, as if by a wild animal. There were multicolored stains on the floor and filthy handprints all over the walls. Dirty clothing had been tossed everywhere, along with stray tokens from well-wishers and admirers. Never touched or opened. Hux noticed the only things that had been cared for at all in the room were weapons. Tarkin had amassed quite the collection of arms from various systems and planets. There were many he could recognize, and just as many he could not. Ren stood by the door. He had not spoken at all, which was just as well, but it made Hux nervous. He felt like a prisoner awaiting his sentence. When they had last spoke Ren had given the unclear stipulation of ‘having him’ which was vague enough to mean anything. Hux knew tonight he would have to allow Ren to go further than he had in the past. He could not afford to let Ren have an outburst in a place like this. Besides, Ren had obeyed his orders, he had helped the First Order achieve a great victory. Hux knew the Knight of Ren expected a reward. Hux knew he had agreed to reward him. Yet somehow he could still not make the circumstances seem right in his mind. Hux detected movement in one of the piles of clothing. A creature he had never seen before and had not noticed among the debris rose and stepped from behind its mound of cloth. The quadruped was small, less than knee height, with orange fur and a long, slender tail. It looked at Hux with its large, green eyes, before giving a little sniff with its pink nose and sat down before it began to lick itself. “Ren…” said Hux slowly, “What is that?” “I don’t know, but I think it lives here,” replied the knight. High ranking officers were allowed to have pets, but Hux did not see any wisdom in it. One should never bring anything with them on board as ship they were not prepared to lose. What was more, having something so precious nearby could interfere with a soldier’s judgement. In a moment of crisis they might run off to secure a beloved pet or child instead of obeying orders. It was the reason family members and spouses were not allowed to serve on the same ship and fraternization laws were in place. The orange creature stopped grooming itself and began trotting towards Hux. It stopped, sitting at his feet before making a series of insistent grunts. “Go away…” said Hux, attempting to shove it with his boot. The animal rubbed its fact on his foot instead, drooling all over it. Ren laughed. The impertinent creature jumped on his leg and placed its paws on Hux’s shoulders, sniffing his face. Hux seized the thing under its two front legs and dropped it back on the floor. It jumped back up and started lapping at his face. So the thing liked the taste of blood. Wonderful. “Off!” snapped Hux, shoving it. He hissed as the animal dug a set of retractable claws into his leg, desperate to hold onto his perch. Hux groaned as it returned to alternatively sniffing and licking the bloodstain, “Fine. Go ahead. You’re hardly the first animal to kiss me without permission...” “It’s curious about you, and you’re in its spot,” explained Ren, “It wants you to pet it.” “Of course it does,” groaned Hux. He put a hand on the thing’s head, “You insufferable little creature…” “And on the topic of red haired creatures who don’t mind a firm touch…” purred Ren, trailing off. Hux pushed the creature away from his face. Its whiskers tickled. He sighed, “We still have to decide the terms, don’t we…” “You’re better, there’s nothing pressing to distract you. It’s a good time, don’t you think?” said Ren, drifting across the floor around piles of mess. Hux let the little creature settle itself in his lap. It was shedding, little orange hairs covered his uniform as it pressed its nose into another bloodstain and started purring. The thing vibrated against his thighs and Hux tried not to be alarmed. He had more pressing matters to deal with, “Ren is there…There has to be something else you want.” “You agreed,” said Ren quietly. Hux could not help but think Ren sounded like a predator, ready to snap him up in its jaws and swallow him whole, “And you offered to do something for me…” He thought of Ren’s list. There might be plenty of things that were not quite sex that might satisfy him, perhaps one of those words he did not understand was something mostly harmless. Hux tried to work it together, piece it into something that could almost be satisfactory. He felt Ren, who was now standing behind him, lean forward, placing his hands on Hux’s shoulders, kneading them and tugging at his tunic, “Hux I want you so badly…” Lust was a common side effect of a post-victory high. After a triumph in the field a conquering hero expected he could continue in the bedroom. Hux had never experienced it, but he knew others, like Ren, did. He had to think. What was permissible without going too far? Without giving too much? The door slammed open and the creature started, once again poking its claws into Hux’s leg. The General hissed. Admiral Tarkin staggered into the room and groaned, “This day has been too damned long. Come here Millie.” Tarkin opened her good arm and stared at the orange creature in Hux’s lap. She scowled at it, “Or stay there. That’s fine. Little orange bitch…” Hux picked up the animal and got to his feet, supposing he might bring it to the Admiral. Tarkin pointed to him, “I see you’ve met Millicent. You can keep her if you want.” “I wouldn’t impose,” said Hux, not wanting this ‘Millicent’ either. “Sirus makes me take care of her. Says I shouldn’t have gotten a pet if I couldn’t handle the responsibility,” said Tarkin bitterly. “I’m not sure you hate her as much as you think,” said Ren. Hux sighed. He must have been reading the Admiral’s mind. The man had no boundaries. Tarkin sighed, “She’s alright I guess, I just wasn’t expecting her to be so needy. I can’t even train her to attack intruders. She just gives cuddles and kisses to everyone but me. I try being her friend but she does whatever she wants. Knew I should have gotten a Nexu…” Hux put the thing down and it rubbed its face on his leg. A Nexu would have destroyed the ship and was too large to be contained in an officer’s quarters. Tarkin’s childish grin returned, “Aw, she likes you Huxy.” “I’m honoured she has taken such a liking to me Ma’am,” replied Hux. “Uh-huh…” Without warning Tarkin took her blaster from her hip and fired several shots. Hux stood frozen. The animal yowled and hid under a pile of clothing. He looked at the couch, half of it shot to pieces. Tarkin gasped and clapped a hand over her mouth, “Oh no! My couch was destroyed during the battle! Looks like there’s only room for two people to sit down…” Hux could only stare at the now smouldering piece of furniture. Ren, seemingly unperturbed, sat down in the chair that had not been shot at. Tarkin skipped over to Hux and patted him amiably on the chest, “Looks like you’re going to have to sit in his lap. It’s the only way…” It did not take long for Hux to realize that the knight and the admiral had formed a coalition of insanity. “Perhaps I’ll retire,” said Hux, “It has been a most trying-” “You promised you’d drink with me Huxy. Sit,” said the Admiral, jabbing a finger into his chest. Hux swore he felt something sharp and pointed under her touch. No, that would have been ridiculous. Who would put pressure-sensitive, retractable claws in a prosthetic arm? Then he remembered this was Grand Admiral Hell Raiser and it all made sense. So he had a choice to drink with her or get stabbed in the chest. Was this really the hill he wanted to die on? The Admiral glared up at him, “Just if you have time, if you’re not too busy.” Hux tried not to scowl. He failed, “Never too busy for you, Ma’am…” He stepped towards Ren, glowering down at him. He could feel Ren smiling behind his mask, eyes raking over him. Hux did not want to sit in his lap. He had never sat across anyone’s legs like this before and did not want to start now. Crossing his arms, he watched Ren reach up and grab at his tunic, playing with the hem between his thumb and forefinger, pulling at it suggestively. Hux looked at Ren’s legs, wondering how on earth he was supposed to begin positioning himself. Thankfully though, he would be drunk soon. If he got drunk enough Ren would not want him, and if he paced himself well, he might be able to stay drunk all night and hold Ren off until they made it back to the Finalizer . “This is ridiculous,” muttered Hux. “No it’s not, you’re just not drunk enough to see it yet,” assured Tarkin, she slipped a glass into his hand, “Get yourself good and buzzed and it’ll all make perfect sense.” Hux examined the drink carefully. He had been warned about Tarkin’s private drinking parties. He had seen what they did to people. If she tried to drug him it would only surprise him so much. He wished he could have poured the liquor himself but the bottle seemed fresh. Nothing could have been slipped into it if the seal had not even been broken. Even so, there was no residual powder on the glass, the colour of the liquid itself was the typical light amber of an Arkanisian malt whiskey. Taking a sniff nothing about it seemed off. He sipped it gingerly. It tasted like paint. Then again, Hux found that all strong liquors tasted like paint. “If it tastes bad you can water it down,” said Tarkin, pointing to a pitcher on the table, “What is it they say…a few drops opens up the flavor? I don’t know, it’s some shit that people who really like their drink say.” “Is that so?” asked Hux curtly. Watering the drink down actually was not a terrible idea. It would help him to pace himself a little better. He added a generous helping to the drink, probably whiskey and Tarkin giggled. Hux regarded her with a raised eyebrow before she stopped her sniggering and poured another glass. Tarkin handed Ren a drink, which he accepted and set on the arm of the chair beside him to take off his mask. Tarkin let out a shriek, “Holy dick!” Ren glared at her, “What?” “Shit, you’re not a fuckface, you’re a goddamned fetusface!” exclaimed the Admiral. She looked quickly at Hux then back at Ren, trying to guess their ages presumably, “Emperor Palpatine’s balls how old are you!? If you’re twelve I’m calling this whole shin-dig off!” “I’m twenty-five!” spat Ren, “I’m probably older than you are!” “Heh, actually we’re the same age. That’s okay then,” said Tarkin with some relief. She was flushing slightly as she sat back on the part of the couch that had not been ‘destroyed in battle.’ Opening her shirt more she massaged her fingertips into her shoulder. The arm came off with a click, revealing a metal socket. She laid the arm across her lap, “So long as you’re standing Huxy, be a doll and get my tools. They’re on the top shelf in the closet.” Hux gave an affirmative nod and went to the closet. He did not spend much time looking around, it was filled with clutter that threatened to spill out into the room. As he opened the door, Millicent darted inside. He sighed. It was just as well. It was probably for the best if the poor thing hid there until after the heavy drinking was done. Millicent made a nest for herself on a discarded, shimmering blue-green dress. Hux retrieved the box and left the door open, just a crack, so she could let herself out if she needed. He passed Tarkin the box. She opened it taking a knife, began the process of scraping away burnt fake flesh from the blaster wound. Hux noticed as he had passed it to her he hardly felt the box slip from his hand. Perhaps the whiskey was stronger than expected, which was odd considering the amount of water he had added. He would have to be careful and drink a little more slowly. Hux sipped his drink. Ren had finished his, probably pounded it back like an undisciplined cadet. Tarkin stopped her work to pour herself a drink. Hux’s eyes widened, “Ma’am…is that…industrial sanitizing fluid?” “Yeah, well, my liver was failing, so instead of giving me a transplant that I’d just destroy anyways, I got this fancy cybernetic one. It works good. So good that this is the only stuff that can get me drunk,” laughed Tarkin, taking a long swig. She paused, “Oh, sorry, did you want some?” “No thank you, Ma’am,” said Hux quietly. “Just how much of you is machine anyways?” asked Kylo, looking her over with interest. Hux wondered briefly whether Ren still wanted to kill the Admiral. It did not seem like it, and Hux was slightly sorry for that. Slightly. At least he would not have to explain away their deaths to the Supreme Leader. ‘Terribly sorry Supreme Leader, your apprentice and the symbolic head of the First Order are dead because they got caught in a squabble over my affections.’ That was not a conversation Hux wanted to have any time soon. Kylo pressed further, “Darth Vader was mostly machine towards the end of his life. Was he more mechanical than you are?” “I think so. But technology has gotten better in the last few years. I’m glad I don’t need a breathing filter, for one thing,” said Tarkin, “Let’s see…both my arms at the shoulder, my right leg at the thigh, my left below the knee, my liver, my lungs have been patched up a lot, kidneys, esophagus, and I have a reinforced metal trachea.” “A metal trachea?” asked Kylo incredulously. “My neck got stomped on…one…maybe two years ago in a scrap. Needed a new one. And now it doubles as a failsafe against being strangled.” “Really?” said Kylo, stretching out a hand. Tarkin glanced down, “Oh come on bitchbucket you’ll have to squeeze harder than that.” Hux did not want to be made a part of this. He stood in the corner, sipped his whiskey and hoped one of them died as his mind became strangely clouded. He knew he was not drinking too quickly, only taking small ginger sips to placate the Admiral and deter the knight. Something here was not quite horribly wrong, but not quite right either. Ren laughed hysterically as Tarkin was lifted into a standing position, still able to speak, “I can still breathe asshole! Harder you pansy bastard!” Ren eventually gave up. He must have been laughing too hard. Tarkin took her seat again, sniggering and looked up at Hux, “You should sit down.” “I’m perfectly content standing Ma’am.” “Sit. Down.” repeated Tarkin, with a smile so sharp Hux might have cut himself on it. Hux drained the last his glass, there was barely enough left to wet his lips, and wondered at the heavy feeling in his head. He had studied the effects of drugs and knew that this was not really a match for any of them. It was like he had just consumed four drinks in rapid succession, but he knew he only had one. He had not heard of any liquor that was strong enough to have that effect. He felt strangely dizzy, and walked as straight a line as he could to Ren, wondering if he might be able to perch himself on the arm of the chair instead. “You look warm General,” taunted Ren, coming down from his laughing fit. “I’ll get him some ice,” Tarkin chimed in. Hux crossed his arms again. They felt leaden against each other. He scolded, “Look, I don’t want to sit in your lap.” “There’s only one chair Hux, I’m too heavy for you to be comfortable and you can’t sit on the Admiral” said Ren with a smile. He patted his leg. Hux’s nose instinctively wrinkled. He was not going to hop down on it like some lapdog. He whispered, “And like hell I’d let her sit in your lap.” “Move over then,” Hux argued back. Suddenly no less than four gallons of ice water was tossed on his back. Hux turned sharply and in his haze actually glared at the Admiral. Tarkin looked at the bucket in her hand, then realized that she had forgotten to throw away the evidence. She tossed it behind the smouldering remains of the couch she had shot. She cried out, “Oh no! Someone splashed ice water on Huxy during the battle! Looks like he has to take off his tunic. It’s the only way…” “Clearly,” said Kylo grinning. “Absolutely,” concurred Tarkin. “That’s the only thing he can do.” “No other solution. We checked.” Hux looked at Tarkin, then at Ren, “So you’ve both decided to gang up on me have you?” “No, no, no,” said Tarkin, refilling the glass Hux left on the table, “It’s just a series of unfortunate accidents. Better take that off before you get sick.” “We’re not outdoors, I won’t catch cold,” argued Hux as the glass was forced back into his hand. He did not notice who had done it. He felt his collar suddenly loosen. He looked down and reached for it with his free hand. The clasp had popped open. He watched the second one unhook itself all on his own. He looked down and saw Ren, grinning, waving his hand lightly. Hux was drunk and too fascinated with the sight to be angry. He tried refastening the clasps, but Ren was faster than his fumbling fingers, and popping the large silver buckle Hux’s belt fell to the floor and his tunic opened slightly. “Quite the parlour trick,” observed Hux drolly. “You look tired,” said Tarkin, who had returned to her seat, her broken arm laid across her lap and the whole damned bottle of sanitizing fluid in her hand, “You should sit down.” He stumbled towards Ren. Had he been sober he would have probably refused again, found a way to argue around it, found some reason that he needed to return to the Finalizer . Instead he dropped himself, hard and fast, into Ren’s lap. He had been aiming to elbow him in the groin but caught his thigh instead. Hux looked up at him, face flushed but still serious, “Oops.” Ren hissed before his pained expression gave way to wicked grinning, “You’re getting me wet.” “Serves you right,” muttered Hux. He drank from his glass. He could have sworn he had half drained it, why was it full again? He was losing count of how much he had. This was not right. No matter what he was always able to recall numbers with ease. He should have been able to remember. “Let me…” Ren began. He chewed on his lip before steeling his nerves, “Let me help get that off of you.” “No,” said Hux, petulantly swatting his hand, “If I do you’ll just try to have your naughty way with me.” “General!” cried Tarkin, “How dare you accuse us of such debauchery!?” Ren slowly worked his hand into Hux’s open tunic and the General’s whole body jerked at the sensation. He threw his head back and he stifled something between a hiss and a groan at the sudden, unwanted contact. Ren grinned knowingly at Tarkin before returning his attention back to Hux, watching him intently as he slid a hand over his chest, pushing the tunic out of the way to show more of the regulation shirt underneath it. Hux, for his part, was too drunk to be afraid. He was annoyed, he felt overheated, and despite the ice water that had been splashed across him and the open tunic he was hot. Ren’s hands on him were practically burning. Yet watching the hands, with their long slender fingers he was strangely entranced by them. They were so large. One of Ren’s hands could wrap firmly around his side and hold him in place. Still, it was too hot for this… “Stop it,” groaned Hux, “It’s too warm.” “Help me get this off then,” said Ren. “Don’t touch me,” slurred Hux irately, “I know how this works. You drugged me didn’t you? Slipped a little something into my drink?” Tarkin gasped, “Why, Huxy, we would never!” “Pyx root…” mumbled Hux drunkenly, his brain conjuring up memories of female cadets speaking in hushed voices and warning each other to watch their drinks in case someone tried to… Hux touched the tip of Ren’s nose with his gloved finger, “’t’s a date-rape drug you know…that’s how they classi…class…call them.” “Shh, no, no, no,” chided Tarkin, “We wouldn’t do that. The bottle was fresh, remember? There was nothing in it or else we’d all be sloshed. We’re much more respectable than you give us credit for. Nobody’s going to have their wicked way with you while you’re drunk.” “I promised I wouldn’t Hux. You’re drunk, so I’ll let it go this once, but I told you not to say things like that,” the knight reminded him, trying to tug the tunic over the General’s shoulders. He cooed gently, “You’re so pretty…I’d have to be some sort of monster to even think about forcing you.” Hux felt his chin being tilted back and fingers on his jaw, “He’s beautiful, isn’t he?” “You two are precious together,” replied Tarkin. “Stop…it’s hot…I don’t like this…” protested Hux with a groan. If the whiskey hadn’t been drugged then…Hux glanced at the pitcher of water on the table. He was the only one who had touched it all evening… “Shh, it’s okay. You’re hot, so let me help you cool off,” insisted Ren. Despite his drunken protests Ren had slipped the tunic over his shoulders. Not wanting his arms trapped for…some reason…Hux wriggled out of the sleeves. He regretted it instantly. Now it was far too cold. Ren was like a furnace underneath him but the air around him was practically freezing. Ren laid a hand across his chest and slowly, painfully, slid it downwards. Hux’s back arched and he found himself latching onto Ren to keep from falling off the chair. He felt something wet splash him and he gasped. He had poured the damned whiskey all over himself. He had forgotten he was still holding a glass. Ren stopped, looked down at him and turned that stupid shade of pink again. Hux tried to look for the thing that had made Ren react that way, but all he saw was his clinging, whiskey soaked undershirt. Ren took the glass from his hand and floated it over to the table. The bottle, seemingly of its own accord, poured a fresh glass. Hux glowered drunkenly up at Ren, “So it was you getting me drunk…” “You’re accusing us of an awful lot General. Keep that up and you’ll be spouting treason before the night is up,” warned Tarkin. She spoke more quietly to Ren, “Think he’s sloshed enough yet?” “I knew it!” snapped Hux, pointing his gloved finger at Tarkin and grinning stupidly, “I knew you had a stra…tac…plan! Get me drunk so you can do…things...” Hux trailed off and flailed his arms about in an attempt to pantomime what sex must look like. The glass slipped from his numb hand and shattered against a wall. Tarkin shrugged flippantly and set her arm aside and got up. Ren chuckled, “I’ll wait until you’ve sobered. We just wanted you to loosen up a bit. Make sure you had a good time.” “Ren, if I throw up because of whatever you did to that drink, I am going to aim it all over you,” threatened Hux, trailing a finger over Ren’s cheek, “I have very good aim…best Sniper at Arkanis Academy…” “You two are adorable,” said Tarkin. Hux felt something rain down on top of his head and stomach. He looked down. Tarkin had dropped over a dozen packets of protectors all over him. Hux made an undignified cry of disgust and lethargically brushed them off of him. He glared up at Tarkin who shrugged, “What? Safety first, right?” Ren hooked an arm under Hux’s arms and legs and lifted him. He looked down at Tarkin, “Can you take my mask and his clothes?” “Sure, I’ll show you to your lover’s suite,” said Tarkin. Not having consumed a drink in the last few minutes, Hux was beginning to have a vague notion that what was happening was not something he really wanted to happen. He was also slowly beginning to realize that fighting back was an option. Too disoriented to move effectively he pressed weakly at Ren’s chest and watched the lights above him. It was like the concussion, but less painful. Being utterly senseless was actually quite pleasant. He was still cold though. He did not remember going very far. He remembered Ren prompting him to put his arms around his neck to make carrying him a little easier. If Hux had been the one doing the lifting and carrying, this was hardly the position he would have chosen to do it in. So impractical. Tarkin stopped at a room before suddenly exclaiming, “Oh no! An assassin! He went in there!” Hux heard a loud explosion and started, latching onto Ren more firmly. Was that…was that a carbine launcher? Tarkin stumbled out of the room, “I’ve subdued the assassin, but one of the beds was destroyed during the fight! Looks like you two are going to have to share a bed. It’s the only way…” “Did you just use a…with…how?” stammered Hux drunkenly. “Goodnight Huxy,” said Tarkin cheerfully. She whispered to Ren, “The hangover’s going to come hard and fast. There’s some pain pills in the refresher cabinet. He’ll be good to go in five after he takes it then you’ll be all set for rumpy-pumpy.” “There will be no rumpy-pumpy on my watch!” declared Hux, half unconscious, slapping at Ren’s face lightly as he was carried into the bedroom. Bonus Stupidity: General Sirus settled into bed and was thankful to have escaped the Grand Admiral's little drinking party. It seemed with a new General onboard, Tarkin's attentions had turned to him. At least that upstart Hux made a good chew toy for the Admiral, allowing him to enjoy a much needed night- "Holy shit Sirus you won't believe it!" Helmeena Tarkin stumbled into his quarters, nearly falling over, a nearly empty bottle of industrial sanitizing fluid in her hand. Tarkin drunkenly staggered over to the bed, her upper body flopping onto it as her legs gave out underneath her. She giggled as she rolled over, crashing to the floor beside the bed and took a swig of the cleaning fluid. "I'm an agent of love Sirus. I *urp* I'm doing love's work. I set them up Sirus. I set them up good," explained Tarkin. "How wonderful for you ma'am..." said Sirus cautiously. "I got him drunk, and now they're gonna have sex. Lots of sex. All the sex..." said Tarkin, waving her arms around before giggling, "I should have installed a camera. Bet it'll be hot..." Sirus groaned. He supposed this would be just one more mess to clean up. He wondered who the poor underlings the Admiral had duped were this time. "Hey Sirus...you think it's too late for us? Will we ever find love?" asked Tarkin. Sirus reached for the can of mace under his pillow. Tarkin might only have one eye, but it could still feel the sting of the spray. "Ma'am, I'm not interested in your proposition." "I meant me and Millicent you dumb shit," slurred Tarkin. She held her hands up as if they were scales, "I mean, she's a cat, I'm a Grand Admiral, and the universe seems determined to keep us apart, but I think we could make it work." Sirus breathed a sigh of relief as the Admiral sat up, "Did you really think I meant you?" "Well, you did say 'we' ma'am, so for a moment-" Sirus began. "Fuck, you dumb sack-of-shit, nobody likes you! Stop forgetting!" snapped Tarkin. Tarkin flopped back to the floor and Sirus lay in bed. So much for his alone time... Chapter 13 : There's Many a Man That's Worse than He, Then Why Should I Complain? Notes: Okay, so, first of all, trigger warning, trigger warning TRIGGER WARNING!!! There is noncon in this chapter. There are thoughts about it that Hux has afterwards that some might find hit a little too close to home. If this sort of thing upsets you, you might want to give this chapter a miss. Also, due to the content, I thought tacking bonus stupidity to the ending would be in poor taste. However, it's something people have come to look forward to, and after reading heavy stuff, some people find they need a laugh. That said, the Bonus Stupidity will have it's own chapter so those who want it can still read it, but if anyone needs to sit and be quiet for a little while can do that. AND some housekeeping! I'm moving in August so guys, I'm swamped. Eight is pretty swamped too with work. So Updates are going to have to be spaced out a little. I'm hoping for every 10 days or so. Unfortunately we just can't do weekly updates at the moment. Hux barely remembered a thing. He remembered the couch being blown up, being told to sit in Ren’s lap, refusing, getting that tool box, then…not much of anything. He did not remember passing out or waking up. All he knew was he had a splitting headache and he had misplaced his tunic somewhere. With a sudden realization he bolted up, ignoring the pain in his head as he checked his clothing. Aside from his belt and tunic he was fully clothed. He looked beside him. Ren lay on the bed next to him, also thankfully clothed, a pleasant flush across his nose. Hux touched the back of his undershirt. Why was it wet? For that matter why was his front also wet? He groaned. Ren passed him a small oblong capsule with a tentative smile. Hux squinted at it blearily before recognizing it as a standard pain pill and accepted it, swallowing it dry with some difficulty. He looked at Ren, “What happened?” “You got very, very drunk,” explained Ren, “And I carried you here.” Hux looked over at the space that ought to have been occupied by another bed. There was a smoking crater in its place. He stared at Ren and pointed to the floor. Ren shrugged, “There was an assassin. Tarkin took care of him while I protected you.” Hux’s eyes widened. An assassination attempt? He wondered out loud, “Good god, how drunk was I?” “Very,” said Ren, leaning into the bed, “And being the thoughtful person I am, I decided to hold off on our fun until you were sober. I could have had you while you were passed out, but I didn’t.” Hux bit the inside of his cheek. Ren seemed very pleased with himself, was that going to be one more thing the knight expected a reward for? It was decent of him, to be sure, but Hux had a hard time accepting that not forcing oneself on a person passed out from drinking meant one ought to be rewarded with sex. The pain pill was beginning to kick in though and the ache was subsiding. His mouth felt like it had a layer of fuzz in it and his stomach felt strangely empty. These were minor complaints compared to Ren bearing down on him though. This odd relationship he had with Ren was infinitely more pressing. Hux asked, “What, precisely, is it that you expect from me?” Ren propped himself up on his elbows and Hux considered his position. He reminded himself that his decision to undergo this, to get involved with this, was a resourceful one. He had made a good, strategic move in allowing Ren to have his way. He had seen that the decision had satisfactory results. This was a good thing. It was a good thing. He was giving his permission, after a fashion. Why was it so damned hard to convince himself? Ren smiled, his eyes seeming to stare through Hux’s soaked undershirt. He seemed feral, hungry, “Let’s see, I brought your battle to a quick end, I did not kill and even got along with your Admiral, I refrained from forcing myself on you, and I kept you safe until you woke up. You already agreed to spend the night with me, which was your offer, as I recall. You promised to do something a bit…naughty and, again, you offered. We’ll be alone all night…what do you think I deserve?” Hux closed his eyes as Ren sat up and drew closer. He continued, “Your health is fine, there’s no work, no obligations, we have time, now seems like the best time to act, Hux.” Ren must have been able to sense the nerves Hux was desperately trying to contain inside his body. He sucked in a breath. He had to say something. He could not allow Ren to dictate the boundaries. He wondered… “I didn’t want it to be like this,” said Hux, covering his thoughts with a labyrinth of mathematical equations that he had been looking over a few weeks ago. This was going to be quite the gamble. Hopefully Ren was sentimental enough to fall for it. And barring that… “Oh?” asked Ren skeptically. Hux spoke plainly, “I was hoping, rather than being prompted, that the decision regarding our first would be mine to make.” “If I left it all up to you, you’d never give yourself what you want,” scoffed Ren. “But…” said Hux, fixing his thoughts and ignoring the nervous flutter in his stomach. If Ren worked through his mental puzzle and saw that this was a ruse… “Wouldn’t it be more satisfying? If I came you all on my own. No prompting, no pleading, just me asking for you.” “No more stalling Hux…” said Ren with a slightly more aggressive lilt in his voice, “You seem to know exactly what I want. No more games. Admit you want this and I’ll…” Ren trailed a finger from Hux’s jaw to the base of his throat, “…I’ll take good care of you.” Hux changed tactics, “Wouldn’t it nag at the back at your mind that perhaps the only reason I would ever have sex with you is because you nag constantly and it’s the only way to make you fall in line?” Ren stiffened and Hux felt an odd pressure around his body. He must have startled the Force out of Ren. In other circumstances he might have laughed at that. The knight glared at him viciously, “Are you?” “No…” said Hux, slowly, deliberately. It was not a complete lie. There was also the possibility that his ‘distracting’ presence might cause him to lose his command. He continued, “But I’ve just given you a nice little thought that’s going to fester for the rest of your life if you take me now. So how’s this for a bargain. You do…whatever it is you have planned, I’ll choose how far you go.” “Why?” asked Ren, stroking Hux’s throat with the back of his fingers, “This is a good time, a good place, why not let me have all of you now? Scared I’ll prove your presumptions wrong, General? Are you scared I might show you a side of yourself you never knew existed?” “I…” Hux wracked his brain. He looked at the charred wall, “Want it to be…special.” Ren’s fingers stilled and and he cocked his brow at that, “Special?” “Yes…special,” said Hux. He began constructing his lie, “I’ve been saving myself for almost thirty years. It’s a lot to take in with all of this happening so suddenly. We’ve only been…intimate, for a few weeks. I…want my first time to be…meaningful. I want to be ready and…” Hux noticed Ren watching him curiously, but hungrily. He still wasn’t deterred. He was probably preparing a counter argument. Hux would have to try another angle, this was not working. Ren was selfish, so perhaps… Hux hid a grimace as he added, “I want our first time to be perfect. I’m doing this for you .” That seemed to have more of an impact. Ren faltered slightly, but persisted cautiously, “You’ll back out…” “I won’t,” assured Hux. If he wanted Ren to believe him he was going to have to let Ren get reasonably far. What was too much? He tried to decide on a good point to cut things off but had no experience to draw on. How far was too far? Where was the line between juvenile fondling and sex? Was there a line? He tried thinking back to people he had known in the Academy who had partners, but sex had always revolted him so much he had never bothered learning anything beyond basic anatomy and reproduction. “If I think you’re backing out…or that you’re lying to me,” threatened Ren, letting his fingers circle and squeeze Hux’s neck lightly, “We’ll do this my way. I won’t let you trick me. I may not be a genius like you, but I’m not stupid. I’m not going to let you keep stalling.” Hux pressed his fingers into his palms, “I won’t. I’ll let you go further than we have before, you have my word. So, providing you keep yours and stop when I tell you…what did you want to do to me?” Ren seemed to be considering him. Occasionally he reached up, lifting his hand from Hux’s throat to his temple, as if debating whether or not to use the Force to probe deeper into Hux’s mind. The second he did Hux knew that the gambit would be forfeit. Hux put on his most blank, unreadable expression. Ren looked over his frame, chewing on his lip lightly, “I want…maybe just…play with you?” Hux’s brow cocked as he involuntarily leaned away from Ren. While the situation was frightening enough, the phrasing Ren used brought it to a new level of uncanniness, “ Play with me?” “Just fool around, find what you like,” said Ren quietly. He smiled softly to himself, “Bet when I find it you won’t want me to stop. It’ll be so good you’ll beg me to keep going…” “Ren-” Hux stopped himself, “Kylo, I don’t know what that entails. What do you mean exactly when you say ‘play’?” Ren looked at Hux’s nose. It seemed to be as close to eye contact as he was comfortable with at the moment, “I’ll stop if you hate something. I’ll be able to tell what makes you feel good. And when I find what you like, I think you might change your mind about wanting to stop…” Hux and Ren had such distance between their opinions on what pleased him that Hux might have dropped a Death Star in the space between them. What was worse, Ren was very, very strongly implying that he was not going to stop. Hux would need another plan, another reason to call things off once he felt the knight had taken enough to satisfy him. Ren leaned closer and whispered, “Lie…could you lie on your back for me?” Hux did not need much in the way of prompting, with the way Ren was leaning over him he felt compelled to draw back away from him, retreating against the dead-end that was the mattress. He felt his breath and heart rate quicken so he slowed them, taking deep breaths through his nose. He thought, when meditating on what he would do if his arrangement ever came to this, that he would stare Ren in the eye, emotionless, proud, silent, just to remind Ren of what a sad and pathetic creature he was. Now that he was here, that it was happening, he found himself looking away, staring at the wall, doing everything in his power to stay still and keep himself from fighting back and making things worse for himself. He felt the mattress sink in around him. It was not the first time Ren had leaned over top of him, but it seemed different now. Ren was taking his time, looking him over, studying him, as if trying to formulate a plan of attack. Hux shifted, feeling compelled by some primal instinct, to grip the sheets beneath him and squeeze his legs together. He closed his eyes. He could not help it. He did not want to watch. He felt Ren lower himself down. Felt their hips and chests touch, then press flush together, only separated by their clothes. Ren was so much broader than him. He felt legs on either side of him and he cringed when Ren rolled his hips experimentally. Hux’s eyes snapped open and he looked at the wall. His mind immediately began calculations. Large man. Large unwanted man pressed down on him. He had to take hold of an arm. Force the elbow to…no, no, he had agreed to this. He had to let Ren go further than usual or the knight would take matters into his own hands. Hux studied the marks left by ash and debris and tried to formulate the force and acceleration behind the explosion that put them there. He felt two large fingers tracing the features of his face, cautious, almost reverent, they same way Ren had touched him the first time in the hall. Hux felt them press at his lips, forcing them to part slightly and felt the knight’s eyes trained on them. He felt hot breath tickling his ear, sending shivers down his back before he felt a tongue slide over the shell of it. Hux’s voice hitched and became ragged as Ren kissed a trail from his exposed ear to his mouth. “Shh…shh…Hux it’s okay, don’t be scared. It’ll feel good, I promise.” Ren might have intended to comfort, but the words rang mockingly in Hux’s ears. Ren continued to shush him between kisses and Hux focused on numbers, trying not to feel Ren’s ministrations. He needed to make this last, needed to hold out long enough that Ren would not lose his mind and… no, don’t think that , Hux told himself, don’t upset him . “It’s…” Ren began softly, “You don’t have to be ashamed of it. You’re not weak for liking someone else’s touch.” Hux closed his eyes again. His breath was coming out, uneven and unfamiliar as Ren raked his hands down his chest. There were weak, traitorous sounds bubbling up in his throat. Hux bit his lip to silence them. He could not stop his back from arching though. “See? It feels good…relax. Shh…it’s alright. If you relax if feels much better,” assured Ren. His hands went lower and a sound that sounded nothing like his voice escaped his throat. It was part way between a gasp and a whimper, a sound he had never permitted himself to make. A moan. Had…had he just…? Ren froze before he continued his unwelcome assurances and placed soft kisses on his throat, “That was such a pretty sound Hux. I’ve…I’ve always liked your voice. I like listening to it. Sometimes I play those instructional holos of yours so I can hear it. I wondered a lot about how you’d sound like this. You sound so pretty…” Hux focused on reverse engineering the explosion. He tried not to think about Ren watching or listening to recordings of him or what he might do while he played them. If the force was great enough to cause streaks that were approximately half a meter long… “I think about you a lot. Like what you must look like without your clothes…” Hux’s breath hitched when he felt his shirt being pulled at. He jerked when he felt his stomach being touched. He thought about all the vital organs underneath the fingers plucking at his shirt. Ren tugged at his shirt, “Um…Hux? I can’t lift this.” Ren pulled back, dragging Hux into a sitting position by his shoulders. Both of them were refusing to look at each other now. Ren continued, “I want to take it off…I want to see how pretty you are.” “You can’t,” said Hux. His voice came out too high-pitched for his liking and his reply caused Ren’s brow to furrow. He reiterated, “You can’t because there are straps.” “Straps?” said Ren quizzically. “There are straps under my clothes,” explained Hux, trying to keep his tone cold and clinical as he continued, “To get it off I have to take everything off.” Ren did not give him any time to come to terms with it and asked eagerly “Can I do it? Can I take them off of you?” “I’ll…take them off in the refresher and come back. I know you wanted to…undress me…so just let me get the straps off and I’ll let you,” offered Hux. There was probably nothing inside the refresher he could use to barricade himself inside, but there was a lock on the door. Perhaps he might buy himself a few moments and there were bound to be razors for shaving that he could use to- “No, you’re not. I told you, no more games,” chided Ren. Hux shuddered as the knight wrapped his hands around his arms and quietly added, “If I let you go, you’re going to stall. I know how you like to play, Hux…so I’m not letting you out of my sight until you do what you promised.” Hux felt his large hands on the waistband of his Jodhpurs, tugging on them insistently. Hux closed his eyes. Ren tried to act aloof, “Come on Hux…you’ve seen me naked. Why not return the favor?” “I didn’t want to. There’s a difference,” Hux said curtly. He could not help his tone. Ren must have realized his tone was the sour one and trailed his hands down Hux’s legs before pulling off his boots with some difficulty. Hux sighed and covered his eyes with a hand. He was really doing this. He was about to tell Ren how to take his clothes off. No, he had to. It was this or stripping for him, and he could only imagine the commands the knight would give him. This way he could…just lie down, ignore it and wait for it to be over. His participation in his own degradation would be minimal. He had gotten himself into this mess and he would accept the consequences of his decision. It was just some kissing and touching. He would be fine. It was not like Ren ws trying to kill him. Hux spoke quietly, “There’s a bootjack by the door…you use that to pull it off.” Hux bit the inside of his cheek when the boots were jerked off of his legs. Ren pulled at his socks, and finding they would not come off fumbled around his ankles, pulling up his pant legs to look at the straps. Hux murmured, slightly lucid, “No, don’t do it like that, they’ll snap up and slap me in the leg. With the metal clips they might cut. It happened once. You have to…you’d have to take them off…” Ren moved up closer to him. Hux put a hand up, “Just to get to the straps. Once they’re off, I’m putting my jodhpurs back on.” “Why?” asked Ren, incredulous. “Because I get to choose how far this goes, remember? You can undress me, but I’m covering up after. I’ll let you do…whatever that brain of yours managed to conjure up, but I’m keeping those on,” said Hux, doing his best to hide his nerves, but being undressed by this…this monster was not helping. He added, “Promise you’ll give them back.” “…I promise.” He saw Ren nod in his peripheral vision and felt his breath on his neck as hands settled on his waist. He sealed his eyes shut once again as Ren started slowly unfastening the front of his Jodhpurs. Loosing them, Ren slowly, carefully pulled them down and Hux thought back to the wall. If the acceleration of the carbine was represented by x and the force of the explosion was represented by y with the only known variables being… Ren’s hands rested on his bare thighs. Hux’s legs curled, trying to shield himself. He still had his underwear but he had never been exposed like this before. This was nothing like communal showers or locker rooms. People might have looked at each other, passing, accidental glancing, but not like this. Not…lingering…hungry… Ren paused, rubbing circles into them gently with his thumbs, “You’re even paler here…like cream…and so sof-” “It’s not like I get much sun on a Star Destroyer,” said Hux quickly. He babbled and quipped when he was nervous. He always had. He probably always would, the same way he pressed his fingers into his palms when he felt tense. Ren tested the straps with his fingers. Hux heard him ask with some amusement, “Why do you even have these?” “Th-they keep my shirt and socks straight so I don’t have to adjust them multiple times a day,” explained Hux, keeping his eyes closed, “And they’re regulation, so…” “Alright, I understand…” said Ren softly. The Jodhpurs continued their descent and cool air hit Hux’s legs. He turned slightly, bending his legs to loosen the straps. Ren unclipped one from his sock and slowly brought it up to a belt by his knee, unfastening it, keeping his movements slow and systematic. Finally he unclipped it from his undershirt. “There’s one.” A few minutes and some fumbling later Ren whispered, “That’s two…you…your legs are so pretty Hux. L-like you’re made of porcelain-” “Give them back,” said Hux quickly, not able to help blushing. Realizing Ren was either confused with or not interested in complying with the request, he added a sharp, indignant, “Kylo, you promised .” He was relieved when Kylo pressed his jodhpurs into his hands. It was curious that promises seemed to hold so much sway over the knight, but now was not the time for analysis. Hux doubted he could have come up with a nuanced hypothesis if he tried. Shaking, Hux pulled them back over his legs, trying to ignore Ren watching him. He fumbled, trying to wriggle them back over his hips as he felt the knight coming closer, watching him, presumably fascinated. He heard Ren laugh lowly in his ear. It was a sickening sound, broken and uneven, “You’re going to beg me to take them off again.” Without warning Ren pressed their lips together. Gently, he guided Hux down onto his back again and kissed him deeply. Hux felt Ren’s hands slide under his shirt, touching the bare flesh there for the first time and he jerked, arching his back and curling his legs, his whole body tightening with Ren swallowing each and every one of the weak, pathetic noises he made. He could feel the warmth of his hands, with calluses scattered over the palms and fingers harmonizing with patches of smooth skin. He started writhing, his body, unfamiliar with this sort of skin to skin contact deliberating over whether it wanted less or more. More seemed to be quickly winning out. Hux noticed he was not shivering like he usually did. Instead, heat was pooling in his sternum and spreading through his chest and to his groin. Hux had never felt that before, not when it was being caused by another person like this. I-If…x was divided by y…or was it multiplied…? Ren found his nipples and Hux nearly shrieked as the sensation dragged him back to reality. Hux brought a hand to his mouth as his eyes went wide. Why had he cried out like that? He wasn’t supposed to be so sensitive there. How did this work? What was happening to him? Ren smiled against his lips, “Oh, that must have felt very good…” He pulled back long enough to pull the undershirt over Hux’s head. With Hux’s arms raised to slide out of the shirt Ren rested his hands on either side of Hux’s ribcage. It was just a shirt…just a shirt, in the same way this was just a bit of petting and kissing. It would all be over soon. Hux felt Ren’s mouth on him, nipping gently down his throat, only to take long swipes of his tongue from his collarbone to his jaw so he could kiss a trail down his neck again. No longer having Ren attached to his mouth to muffle him, Hux heard his own voice, tired, ragged, traitorous, filling the room, mingling with the wet kissing noises Ren was making. His mouth alternately kissed and nipped at the pale flesh as he massaged Hux’s sides. He had abandoned Hux’s throat and had worked his way downwards. Hux recalled in biology classes that the torso contained multiple nerve endings so it was not really his fault if his body was stimu- Hux cried out and thrashed wildly as Ren swirled his tongue around his navel. The knight stopped his ministrations. Hux began to panic. Had Ren sensed something amiss? What was he thinking about? Was something going horribly wrong? He felt Ren let go of his chest and slipped his hands over Hux’s clenched, shaking ones, “I want you to hold me…its okay if you dig your nails in. I don’t mind.” Hux felt his hands being guided to Ren’s shoulders. He held on, still shaking as Ren leaned down and slowly began to continue the slow, intimate touches. He traced a line experimentally down the center of Hux’s chest, making his breath hitch again, “God…you’re so sensitive…every little touch just lights you up…like you’re on fire…” Hux did not understand it. His mind could not have been further from enjoying the situation. It had abandoned the equation and had settled on an incoherent mess of displeasure repeating like a broken hologram. His body did not care. Writhing and convulsing, causing him to make pathetic crying sounds as it was stimulated, as if screaming a resounding ‘more’ as loudly as it could. His brain was torn between pulling Ren close and smothering him, which was the best way to get a person to stop biting, or pushing him back. He did not understand why he could not think. He did not know what was happening to him. He thought he could lie still and not react but instead he was making all this noise and writhing like a dried up worm trapped in sand. Why wasn’t his body fighting this? Why was it reacting this way? Why wasn’t it resisting the unwanted touch or trying to shut down? Why did it enjoy this? Why? How had this…? Suddenly Ren started to give him feedback again. Instead of an uncanny fantasy, Ren’s assumptions of how he looked and sounded, like when Ren had first confronted him, Hux was seeing himself, like he was looking in a mirror and yet he seemed a total stranger. This…this thing that could not have been him was a thrashing, mewling wreck. Its bright hair was mussed and splayed and it sported a whorish blush. Then it changed, almost like looking through a pair of infrared goggles. It was the closest thing Hux could think of to make sense of what he was seeing. He could see darkness around the…the thing that was not him…he could see darkness coming from it, flowing out like blood from a freshly cut artery. He felt Ren being spurred on by it, empathically sensing every physical sensation and receiving a boyish sense of delight and accomplishment when he felt Hux - no, that creature - experience pleasure. Every time Ren touched him there was a burst of something that Hux could not begin to describe, but Ren felt like he understood it, and he craved more of it. Hux flushed harder as he overheard Ren’s thoughts as he decided to lick his nipple, ‘He’s so sexy when he pretends to ignore it.. .’ Hux heard himself crying out in his own ears as well as Ren’s, who Hux could feel being excited by the sound and the ‘sparks’ that came off of him as he swirled his tongue around the small pink bud. He gasped as he overheard Ren deciding to suck on it, purring at Hux’s keening and struggling, trying to evade what he knew was coming, ‘Squirm for me more, right there, just like that…feels so good. So soft. My pretty little doll…My General…My Hux…mine…’ Hux could hear his own thoughts creeping into Ren’s mind as well. Ren drank in his physical and mental reactions, loving the mingling, disjointed cries of ‘stop’ ‘what is that?’ ‘is he in my head?’ ‘I don’t understand’ ‘no’ and ‘ please .’ He also noticed that Ren tended to ignore or dismiss the pleas for relief and only seemed marginally aware of his confusion. Ren was focused on the physical, the movements, the sparks and the sounds. Hux saw a strange memory. A spider. Its legs were being plucked off one by one. In Ren’s mind the spider thrashed about the same ways as… Ren started kissing and sucking gently near his pelvis and Hux quivered and let out an undignified whimper as his hips started rocking against Ren all on their own. Or…was he kissing Ren? He could taste skin in his mouth, hear Ren’s thoughts in his mind, feel both of their arousal. Hux was so disoriented. He could barely tell which sensations were his own. He was Ren, Ren was him and nothing made any semblance of sense. “Hux you’re perfect…you feel so good,” Hux heard it in his head, as if he were the one saying it, and in his ears. He felt his mouth form the words but knew he was trying to keep his own mouth shut tightly. Ren had moved down and began kissing close to his pant line, occasionally lapping at the pale flesh with his tongue. His hands had settled at Hux’s thighs, gently slipping between them and guiding them open. The hands on his inner thighs was too much for him. He could feel his jodhpurs in his own hands as Ren squeezed and kneaded what little muscle and fat there was in his legs. He could hear Ren’s thoughts, how he wanted to open Hux’s legs, imagining them bare. Imagining removing his underwear. Imagining how he looked without it. Imagining him begging Ren to use his… He had to stop Ren. Now. “Re…Kylo…Kylo wait…” Hux panted, head thrown back, thrashing against the pillow. One hand dipped lower, following the inseam of the Jodhpurs to his crotch. The other returned to his chest, rubbing gently, retracing all the most sensitive areas as Ren nipped and licked his lower abdomen. The feedback was too intense. Hux could feel his own reactions, Ren responding to them, the textures Ren felt when he touched him, tasting his own skin with Ren’s tongue, Ren thinking about how good he tasted, Ren’s arousal and desire becoming his own, the imagined sensations of pleasure bombarding his mind as Ren envisioned Hux’s reaction to oral sex. He felt one of them getting close to the edge and could not tell which of them it was. And the fantasy…Ren’s mouth edging closer and closer to its goal, flooding both their minds with pleasure. It was all compounding, building, it was too much. Hux called out, “Kylo…sto- you have to…oh! K-Kriff! Stop!” Hux cried out wordlessly, almost screaming, and his body started convulsing uncontrollably. He felt the explosive heat that had gathered in his belly and groin dissipate. His legs jerked, he arched off the bed against Ren as his vision blurred and he suddenly felt exhausted. He panted, realizing what had just happened. He’d heard about it in health classes when he was about twelve. A premature ejaculation. A common side effect of anxiety during…during… Kylo, to his credit, pulled back mentally and physically. Hux lay on the bed. It was not as if he had never experienced an orgasm before. On mornings as a younger man when he had woken up with morning wood and needed to get rid of it before exercises or an exam he would force himself to take care of it. He never enjoyed the process. It was tedious, annoying, like being given an extra, unwanted chore, and while it left him slightly lethargic for a few moments it was never debilitating. This was different. It was explosive. It exhausted him. It shook him to his core. He felt weak and cold. He needed warmth. It felt like it had all fled his body. Kylo settled beside him, draping an arm over his chest. That satisfied him. Between what Kylo had done and running obstacle courses, the former was proving to be infinitely more exhausting. Hux had barely moved and yet everything felt heavy. “It’s okay…” Kylo whispered to him, “It’s okay Hux, it happens. Hux…Hux are you okay?” Hux was not sure why but he began shaking his head. Ren sounded panicked, “I didn’t…I didn’t hurt you did I!?” “What just…what just happened?” Hux panted. He knew the answer but he felt compelled to ask it out loud. He could hardly move. It was like there was a hundred pound weight on his chest. “You, uh, got a little too excited…you um…” explained Ren. Hux did not have to look at him to know he was blushing. What he said next however brought Hux down from his high and back to reality, “You…came for me.” Hux froze. Kylo had said the words as if he did not really believe them himself. When he got command over himself he looked at Kylo through his hazy vision. The knight stroked his cheek gently and refused to look him in the eye. He was not gloating, or at least he did not look like it. He seemed just as shocked as Hux was. Clearly he had not been expecting this reaction. Kylo kissed his shoulder gently, apologetically, “It happens Hux. Don’t be embarrassed.” Hux covered his face with his hands, “Why should I be embarrassed? No, nothing embarrassing about this at all.” “It happens. I mean, you lasted a long time considering…” Hux glared at him, “Considering what?” “Nobody’s…you’ve never been touched before,” said Kylo slowly, rubbing Hux’s shoulder firmly. Pityingly. It was disgusting. He continued, “It’s no wonder this completely overloaded your nerves.” “Thank you Doctor Ren,” muttered Hux sarcastically. He doubted lack of prior physical contact was the main culprit in this case. Hux had read about it and knew for a fact that anxiety tended to be the biggest contributing factor. Not to mention whatever Ren had been doing with the Force. He screwed his eyes shut, “This is disgusting. I need to shower.” “I wouldn’t move for a while if I were you. Give yourself a few more minutes to come down from it. You’re probably weak at the knees,” advised Kylo. He kissed Hux’s shoulder gently, “Looks like you definitely need to be eased into this…” Hux wondered if the orgasm was a result of pure anxiety or if Ren’s out of control projecting was more to blame. Either way, initial disgust and shock aside, a premature ejaculation was probably the best thing that could have happened. It had forced Ren to stop and had postponed anything more serious happening between them for a while. “Why suddenly so intent on waiting?” asked Hux, unable to contain all of the salt in his tone. He recalled exactly what Ren had really wanted to do to him; what his real intention had been. “I don’t want to hurt you Hux…when it happened you seemed so confused. I don’t mind a little fear but you seemed so…so lost.” Ren softly brushed stray red hairs from Hux’s eyes, “It’s no good if you’re lost or confused…When you get out of focus like that it’s jarring for me too.” Hux closed his eyes and sighed, shivering when Ren stroked his hair and cheek. He mumbled, “That’s enough of that. I need to clean up.” “Do you want help?” asked Ren. “No,” said Hux bluntly, bringing himself up into a seated position. The bottoms of his feet felt tender. He knew nerves were often linked to each other and the ones located in the groin shared some sort of connections to the ones in the feet, but this was ridiculous. Placing them on the floor, lightly testing them, sent shockwaves of discomfort through him. Hux ignored the sensation, picked up his overnight kit and went straight to the refresher. He discarded his clothes quickly. He did not want to look at himself, but knew he would have to eventually. He did not want to see what his body had done to him this time. Looking down at himself he grimaced. He was covered in viscous fluid, slowly dribbling down his thighs. A hiss of displeasure escaped him. It was disgusting. He was disgusting. Ren was disgusting. The whole damned thing was disgusting. He caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror and stifled a shout. He was flushed, lips reddened from nips and kisses, neck glistening with saliva from being licked, pupils dilated, hair disarranged, blood still smeared on his face. He was a wreck. There he was, covered in bodily fluids, looking debauched, feeling worse than debauched and hating himself for it. He looked like…he did not know who he looked like anymore. It was a reflection of someone he did not recognize. Hux shook his head. He was going to get clean. He was going to wash it all away. He was determined not to let this hurt him. Ren was on the other side of the door though. He had to keep quiet. He would have to keep quiet all night. He covered his thoughts with trying to re-piece what had happened while he was drunk. In deeper layers of his consciousness, Hux was tangle of questions and thoughts that threatened to make him whimper and cry all over again. Kylo Ren had brought him to orgasm with so little sexual stimulation. All of his reading and memories were doing nothing to help him cope. The part of his brain that was still grounded in reality knew that his anxiety combined with unfamiliar sensations had triggered it. It was natural. He ought to have expected it, especially when his brain was registering double the sensations thanks to Ren’s mental invasion. The other, decidedly less rational part of his brain was in a panic. It repeated the horrific reality ad nauseum. Kylo Ren had coerced him into this arrangement. Kylo Ren had touched him. Kylo Ren had made him orgasm. Then it began to run wild with these facts and draw the most awful questions. If he came, had that been sex? If it was sex and he had not wanted it, was it rape? If it was rape, had he just allowed Kylo Ren to rape him? If he had an orgasm, did he enjoyed it? Had he just enjoyed being raped? It had happened so quickly, from so little stimulation, had the situation been what aroused him? Hux turned on the cold water, full blast, feeling he had to punish his body for being such a damned traitor. He silenced all the questions. The answer to all of them was a resounding ‘no.’ That had not been sex. It wasn’t. Hux refused to believe it was. Since it was not sex, it was not rape. He would never allow himself to be raped, he was stronger than that. If he was being raped he would have fought. It was just some kissing and petting that got a bit out of hand. He had not enjoyed it, his body had a perfectly natural reaction to a stimulus, like a knee jerking during a percussive test. He did not enjoy being raped. He would never be as sick and depraved as to be aroused by such a horrible thing being done to him. Once he was sufficiently clean Hux changed into his fatigues. He hardly bothered with drying off and avoided looking at the mirror. He crept back into the dark bedroom like a dog with its tail between its legs, feeling guilty and embarrassed. He did not look at Ren as he got back into bed. There was nowhere else to go. After all this he really did not want to risk or subject himself to Ren trying to force him back to bed. If they made enough noise security would get involved and they would see… “It’s okay Hux,” Ren assured him as he settled next to him, “You felt so good. I enjoyed it, really.” Hux bit his cheek. Yes, that was the ultimate consolation, wasn’t it? He might be in this awful position where he needed to keep Ren satisfied so he would not lose his position, but at least Kylo fucking Ren had fun forcing an involuntary orgasm out of him. He felt Kylo lean over, kiss his cheek, hold his hand, and stroke his hair, as if he were an infant. He continued touching him, gently, consolingly. Hux could not help his contempt. Why all the empathy now? Why not that first or second time when Ren had held him down and hissed about not needing his consent? Hux felt tears prick the corner of his eyes, another unfamiliar and unwanted sensation. He willed them away. That was the last thing he needed right now. “We can try again when you feel better. I’ll make it up to you.” It took every ounce of self-control in Hux’s body not to tense up. He turned away from Ren who pressed against his back, rubbing up and down his arm gently. Hux clamped a hand over his mouth and squeezed his eyes shut. He would not cry. He was nearly thirty, he was a man, he was a General, and he was not going to cry over this. Worse things could have been said and done. It was some kissing and petting. Nothing to cry about at all. Hux bit his cheek until he tasted blood to keep himself quiet as Ren softly whispered and kissed his neck, “I love you, Hux.” Chapter 14 : Chapter 13 Bonus Notes: Aaaaaaaand here's the Bonus Stupidity. Kylo patted Hux’s arm, “Are you okay Hux? You’re being really quiet.” Hux sat up and started half mumbling and half singing, “There was a time when men were kind. When their words were soft and their words inviting. There was a time when love was blind. And the world was a song. And the song was exciting. There was a time…it all went wrong.” Kylo braced himself for another horrifying lullaby about relatives dying from cancer as a mournful swell came from a string orchestra that was playing from…somewhere. He looked about for the source of the sound as Hux continued to sing, “I dreamed a dream in time gone by. When hope was high and life worth living. I dreamed that love would never die. I dreamed that god would be forgiving.” “Really?” asked Kylo sceptically. He had been certain that Hux was the closest thing to an atheist that someone who knew about the Force could get, and he was having a hard time believing the General ever dreamed about love. Or at least love not dying. “Then I was young and unafraid,” Hux continued. “You’re still young. You’re not even thirty yet,” muttered Kylo. “And dreams were made and used and wasted. There was no ransom to be paid. No song unsung, no wine untasted,” sang Hux mournfully. “I always knew you cadets were a bunch of drunks…” mumbled Kylo. He wondered how Hux’s liver was intact after trying all those wines. “But the tigers come at night,” sang Hux, his voice becoming lower. “Oh shit, where!” gasped Kylo. “With their voices soft as thunder,” sang Hux. “These sound like really fucking scary tigers, Hux!” exclaimed Kylo. “As they tear your hopes apart.” “…There are no tigers, are there?” “As they turn your dreams to sha-A-A -A - AME !” Kylo crossed his arms and gave Hux a serious look, “Okay, now you’re just being melodramatic.” “He slept a summer by my side. He filled my days with endless wonder. He took my childhood in his stride, but he was gone when autumn came!” sang Hux, sounding heartbroken. Kylo furrowed his brow, “It was like, five minutes ago, it’s winter, you’re a grown-ass man, and I’m still here.” “And still I dream he’ll come to me! That we will live the years together!” sang Hux. “I’m right, here!” protested Kylo. “But there are dreams that cannot be! And there are storms we cannot weather!” “I’m still right, fucking, here!” “I had a dream my life would be so different from this hell I’m living! So different now from what it seemed! Now life has killed the dream…I dreamed…” sang Hux quietly as he settled back into bed. Kylo looked down at him in confusion as the door opened. Millicent entered the room, a golden statue of some guy who looked like somebody’s Uncle Oscar in her mouth as she bounded up to Hux. She handed him the Oscar statue, which he accepted with a soft, “Good kitty. Give my thanks to the Academy.” Kylo sat back and crossed his arms, “I have no idea what the heart-rending show tunes are for. I for one had a great time.” Then Kylo died because he is a cad and Hux lived happily ever after with his Oscar. Chapter 15 : And Straightway I will Repair Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “It was part of the deal R- Kylo. You need to stay out of my head.” Hux had long since finished his exercises, cleaned up, and put on his uniform. He was adjusting his tunic in the mirror and smoothing down his hair. He looked like himself again, at least. Old wives tales said that after sex, or at least something akin to it because Hux had made up his mind that what happened was certainly not sex, a person was supposed to look ‘glow’, whatever that meant, feel more relaxed and have a more cheerful disposition. Hux thought he looked the same as he always had, and was in the process of convincing himself he was just as calm and in control as ever. His eyes were still dark from long working hours and many sleepless nights, his skin still had its pale complexion from natural fairness and a lack of sun, and he still had ghastly red hair that was only made more outlandish by his black uniform and translucent skin. That meant nobody ought be able to detect at a glance that something had happened last night. Ren had not changed him. He still worried though. If someone spotted something amiss…if someone found out he had been… Ren watched him from the doorway between the bedroom and the refresher. Hux had neglected to close it behind him in a careless moment of absentmindedness. He still refused to look Hux in the eye. When he thought about it, Hux could only think of one occasion were their eyes had met. Any other time Ren looked at his face he awkwardly settled on his nose or mouth. “I wasn’t trying to,” argued Ren. He sighed in frustration, “My training is incomplete and when I get really worked up it just…happens. I wanted to get closer to you and it…happened. I wasn’t trying to do that, and I really didn’t want to hurt you.” “Do you understand what almost happened?” snapped Hux, turning away from the mirror, “You nearly projected,” Hux lowered his voice slightly, “ Oral sex ,” then returned to his usual volume, “Into my mind. Without my permission. You do know what sex without permission is called, don’t you?” Ren flushed at the words and looked at the floor, “I said I didn’t mean to. Besides, it got you off didn’t it? You shouldn’t be complaining.” Hux gritted his teeth. So that was how Ren was going to see it. Of course that would be the case. His notions about sex were so juvenile and toxic that of course he would see it that way. Hux also noted the spiteful way he said, ‘it got you off.’ Not having slept that night he knew Ren had gotten up during the night, presumably to take care of himself. He must have been holding it against him. Hux resisted the urge to shout, to slap Ren across the face and scream that he had hated every torturous moment of ‘getting off’ and had only done it because even now, after everything he had been put through, the threat of losing his command to this was not a thought that he could bear. He reigned himself in, checked himself, but made his anger apparent. He clutched the sink as he shot a glare in Ren’s direction, “Yes. You triggered a natural biological reaction by applying stimulus and warping my mind. You must be very proud.” Ren stopped at that. All traces of irritation seemed to disappear and were replaced with confusion. He furrowed his brow as he said, “No you…you came so you liked it.” Hux bit back another growl as he looked into the sink and imagined smashing Ren’s head against it, “I might be inexperienced, but I know enough to realize sex isn’t a game. It’s a complex combination of neural chemistry and psychology. An orgasm doesn’t have to mean that I enjoyed a single moment of what happened last night.” Ren seemed even more confused than ever, “Look I know that really embarrassed you but…don’t you think you’re taking this a little far?” “ I’m taking this too far!?” snapped Hux, “I’m taking this-” He stopped, checked himself and breathed deeply. Screaming was not going to help him. As much as he would have enjoyed it, hitting Ren was not going to help either. Both of those things were only going to make the situation worse. There was nothing he could do to change what had happened. The sooner he accepted that, the sooner he could move on and try to figure out where he was supposed to go from this point. Ren clearly wanted to deepen their ‘relationship.’ The knight probably wanted to try again to ‘make it up’ to him. Hux ordered himself to stop sulking and try to think of a plan. He was not like Ren, he could use his feelings for more productive things than tantrums. He could use them to help himself, since nobody else was going to. Ren sighed, “I didn’t mean to upset you…I know it was embarrassing for you.” Embarrassment was one of the lower concerns on Hux’s priority list, even though it stung his pride terribly. He was more concerned with the growing disconnect between what he thought he wanted and what his body seemed to want. Slowly this was becoming a very serious problem. This could be used against him. He needed to get his body onto the same page as his mind again. Not to mention that disturbing bit about Ren comparing pleasuring him to tearing the legs off a spider. Hopefully none of Ren’s fantasies involved tearing him limb from limb. Hux tried to focus on that. What had he learned about Ren from their encounter? How could he use it against the knight? He just had to stop thinking about being held down and… “You can’t keep doing that to me,” said Hux firmly. He nearly said he did not like it again, but held back. He did not need Ren accusing him of lying. He found another way to phrase it, “When you project it’s disorienting. I can’t tell what’s happening.” “I’ll be more careful next time,” insisted Ren. “Kylo,” said Hux slowly, packing his comb into his overnight kit. He tried to think of a way to dissuade the knight without outright refusing him. Whenever he tried to say no he was just rebuffed. Or worse, Ren tried to correct him and tell him how he really felt. Hux tried to explain, “I don’t want a next time. I’m probably never going to be ready. I don’t understand any of this. I’m not used to it. I think this was a terrible idea for both of us. You’d be better off with someone who has the same-” “No. No, I want you .” Ren closed the difference between them and grasped Hux by his upper arms. He looked around the room, chewing his lip before he looked at Hux’s mouth, “I want you. Not someone else. I don’t mind if you don’t feel attraction the way other people do. Waiting is hard…nobody’s ever made me wait before, but I’m trying. I know I don’t always do it right, but I’m trying to go slow so I don’t hurt you. I don’t want anyone else. You’re…I want you , Hux.” It was almost touching. If things had been different between them Hux thought the words might actually make him happy. To be matched someone who wanted to be by his side despite knowing about his repulsions regarding sex would have been the best possible arrangement he might have been handed. But Ren did not want to be by his side and support him. Ren was not going to respect his boundaries. Ren wanted to keep him, like a pet. Ren got angry and violent when he stepped out of line. Ren exploited his own favor with Snoke to coerce him into a contract. This was not touching. This was not loving. This was… Hux did not want to say it or think it. Ren gave him a quick peck on the lips and smiled childishly, trying to change the subject, “Have- Have I ever told you you’re the perfect height for kissing?” “No,” said Hux disapprovingly, though he was slightly jarred by the sudden shift in conversation. “You are. You’re tall so it’s not like I have to bend in half or pick you up,” explained Ren, “But you’re small enough that I still get to do things like lift your chin and look down at your face. I have lots of reasons for liking you. Little ones, just…odd little things I like about you. That’s just one of them.” “How fortunate for you,” said Hux dryly. If the knight was trying to cheer him up, Ren had severely miscalculated in his approach. “And I like…” Ren continued, occasionally trying to look at his eyes before flicking them downwards, “I like your hair and eyes. I miss colour sometimes, and looking at you makes me feel better. I…I like that your hands are really so- I mean, that you don’t have callouses. I like…I like the little freckles on your arms and hands. They’re really nice and…I like…all of you.” Hux sighed, “Kylo, if you don’t let me go and step out of the way we’re going to be late. I…I want to go home.” “I know…” sighed Ren. Hux closed his eyes when he felt a pair of large hands settle on his cheeks. He felt thumbs swipe just under his eyes, as if anticipating tears. It made Hux all the more determined not to cry, though he still felt strangely compelled to do it. He felt the knight moving his arms, settling them around his shoulders and across his back before tucking his head against Hux’s neck. He felt the hands rubbing at his back and shivered. Ren held him close, “I’ll help you ease into it. I won’t let that happen again. I’ll try harder.” “I don’t want to be touched right now,” said Hux, pushing back lightly. “But…you’re upset. When I’m upset I like being held,” insisted Ren, “It’s okay. You don’t have to pretend to be strong around me. If you need to cry or if you want to be held, I’ll be here for you. I’ll…stop calling you ‘soft,’ if you want. I know you didn’t like that.” Hux started slightly before pushing back more firmly, wanting to look Ren in the face, “…you know I don’t like it?” “Y-yeah I…last night when we were…I could hear you thinking that,” said Ren. So he had been listening in on some of his thoughts. Hux recalled Ren ignoring anything to do with wanting to stop, dismissing the thoughts as shyness or skittishness clouding his mind from what he really wanted. Ren had overheard a lot of his displeasure and dismissed most of it, but it seemed at least something had gotten through. It did little good, in the long run. Compared to other things the knight did the terms of endearment were an annoyance. However, it proved that Ren had the ability to pick up discomfort, he had the ability to correctly identify the source, and if he had a mind for it he had enough self-control to stop himself. So why was he doing that with some things and not all of them. It would have been easy to dismiss Ren as a spoiled child. He did not stop because he did not want to stop. Yet, that had not been the case. Glimpsing into Ren’s mind he had not been pushing through in spite of Hux’s thoughts of wanting to stop out of a desire to satisfy himself. That had been a part of it, certainly, but there seemed to be more. Ren seemed to genuinely believe that he was doing Hux some sort of favor. He seemed to think that he was helping Hux overcome some mental hurdle or helping him obtain something he’d denied himself. Ren had gotten it into his head that this whole thing was mutual and sincerely believed that he was helping somehow. “You heard that?” repeated Hux. “It’s…how to explain it. I didn’t mean to, honest, but what happened was…It’s like when a speaker picks up feedback when it’s too close to a receiver. I was picking up your thoughts, but I was projecting, so I was giving you my thoughts and yours at the same time. But I was still picking up your thoughts so it-” Kylo began to explain. “Created a feedback loop,” finished Hux. It was a fascinating concept. One he would have to keep in mind and figure out a way to break or induce if he needed to. But that was not what he wanted to know right now, “You could feel that those words upset me.” “Yeah. I know you said it before, but I thought you were just being sensitive,” said Kylo. He looked down sheepishly, “I didn’t think you meant it.” Hux took Kylo by the wrists, trying to hold his attention as he tried to make eye contact with the man, “I’m not angry, but this is very important, so I want you to try and look at me.” Kylo’s eyes flicked up before casting themselves back down immediately, “You won’t…scowl or glare at me?” “No. I’m going to stay very calm. I just have some very important questions I need to ask you, and I want to make sure you’re listening,” said Hux, as calmly as he could, recalling some of the more patient instructors he had had at the Academy. It was difficult. He wanted nothing more than to feel Ren’s nose crunching under his fist, but that would not help. Not in this situation. Ren looked up with some difficulty. He succeeded in making eye contact and Hux strangely found himself wanting to look away, for once. He was not used to having anyone look at him with any sort of emotion. First Order officers were encouraged to remain stoic so as not to let emotions interfere with their duty. Sometimes Hux caught glimpses of contempt, fear, jealousy or frustration, but those were to be expected. Ren was looking at him with a mix of emotional pain and adoration, leaving Hux at a loss as to what he was supposed to do. Some bizarre, long repressed instinct told him to show comfort, and even more strangely he felt the urge to laugh, his mind not knowing what else to do when it was so uncomfortable. On top of that, Ren’s eyes were like black pools and he could feel himself sinking in as he looked at them. He was still fairly certain the Force must have been enhancing his gaze somehow. Hux suppressed his discomfort and continued. “You could tell I didn’t like those words, but when you heard me want to stop you ignored that. Why did you treat those two thoughts differently?” asked Hux. “You didn’t mean it,” said Ren, “You were enjoying it.” “Ren,” said Hux, willing himself not to snap again. He repeated himself, trying to remain calm, “What made you think I meant one set of thoughts and not the other.” “Because…” Ren began, pursing his lips and gathering his thoughts. He looked down at Hux, “Because I understood them. I’ve been called things I don’t like before. I thought you were just being fussy before since they weren’t insults but when I was in your mind I felt how much you hated them. But when you wanted to stop, it was because you were scared and…I was scared my first time too, and uncomfortable, but I kept going and now that I know what I like it feels amazing. I was just trying to help. I want you to feel good…I like making you feel good.” So it was empathy, after a very, very strange fashion. Normally it came from the ability to identify with a person’s pain or emotions, but Ren seemed to have it all backwards. As usual. He could identify emotions in other people, but rather than try to give them what they needed Ren’s responses were skewed. Hux assumed that if someone was experiencing discomfort during sex the activity should be suspended until the situation could be resolved, and ended if it couldn’t. He claimed he wanted to help, but there was no denying that he had his own ulterior motives for wanting Hux to get over this hurdle Ren had imagined for him. He phrased it so curiously. ‘I want you to feel good. ’ Even in the statement, Ren put himself first . Hux might have written it off as an innocent turn of phrase with anyone else, but with Ren it was more telling. In the end, this was about satisfying Ren’s desires. “So when you decided to stop using those words, you didn’t want me to feel bad?” Hux hazarded. “Exactly,” said Ren, “I think…I’d like to call you those things if you got used to them. Maybe someday but, for now, I won’t use them.” So even this slight amount of empathy was temporary. It was all about Ren and what he wanted. It was more than selfishness. He seemed to have no understanding or concept of how to empathize. He thought he did. Ren seemed to think he was very good at identifying and understanding emotions, as well as figuring out how they ought to be handled, but all of his responses were skewed by his own impressions and wants. He was fine with not calling Hux pretty at the moment because he did not want to cause discomfort, but he made it clear that he wanted, and maybe even expected, Hux to change his mind on that point. Still, Ren had voluntarily stopped doing something Hux had indicated he hated. In every book on behaviour he had read, Hux recalled something about positive reinforcement. He had to let Ren know that stopping behaviour that upset him was going to be well received and rewarded. Perhaps if he could manage that then the knight’s desire to please Hux might override his desire to please himself. If that happened, even just a little, Hux knew it would be a massive relief and advantage. “I’m glad you stopped. I didn’t like it at all,” said Hux, trying to seem gentle. How was he supposed to reward the knight? He knew all too well what Ren wanted, but rewarding him with intimacy was counterintuitive to what he was trying to do. He thought, briefly, about kissing Ren on the cheek, but it seemed too much. If he came to expect kisses for small favors Hux knew he would have to contend with the knight running about, performing small tasks that may or may not have been helpful and expecting Hux to kiss him in exchange. However, if the reward was not substantial enough, Ren would hardly be motivated. He glanced up at the knight’s hair; that would suffice. He set his jaw and, perhaps a bit more salty than he meant to, asked, “Would you like me to brush your hair?” “What?” asked the knight, looking at Hux as if he had just grew a second and then a third head. “I know you…liked…saying those things, but you stopped for my sake and I appreciate that,” said Hux. He sighed slightly before forcing himself to say, “I’m very grateful for it.” Ren stopped looking at Hux as if he had suddenly mutated and was now looking at him as if he were some sort of deity. He placed his hands on either side of Hux’s waist and his dark eyes seemed to be watering slightly. Hux was not sure exactly what he had said or done to be looked at and touched so reverently, but he wished he understood so he could use it to his advantage. And get the knight’s hands off of his middle. He didn’t like the knight’s hands so close to his vitals. “You’re so perfect…” said the knight, his voice barely above a whisper. Perfect? As much as Hux liked to think he was among the top minds the First Order had to offer, he was far from perfect. He had deficiencies, especially in terms of physical prowess. He could think and adapt quickly, but there were many skills he had not mastered. His Father, the lab technicians, and instructors had all been quick to remind him of his imperfection to keep him from becoming too complacent. He was smart, but he was not perfect, and there were areas to make improvements. If he had been perfect, he certainly would not have landed himself in the mess he was currently in. Ren moved in closer and Hux put a hand in front of his own mouth to shield himself. The knight looked at him with some surprise as he quickly blurted out, “I don’t want to be kissed right now.” “It’s okay…” said Ren, softly, sickeningly comforting as he pulled at Hux’s hand gently, “You don’t have to be scared.” “Ren- Kylo, not now,” said Hux firmly. “Later?” asked the knight, “You were just so…I really want to kiss you.” “Last night was very trying and I don’t want to be kissed right now,” said Hux, trying to make himself understood as plainly as possible. He knew the end result was going to be largely determined by whether Ren’s desire to kiss him could be overridden by his want of praise and gratitude. Hux hoped it was. He did not want to be kissed. It was wretchedly confusing. It felt pleasant, but he did not want it. It was like someone was trying to force feed him something he loved to eat but just didn’t have the appetite for. “But I can kiss you later,” Ren insisted. Hux sighed. It seemed as good a compromise as he was going to get. Begrudgingly he replied, “Later.” That seemed to please him well enough as he pulled away and returned to the bedroom. He sat down on the bed and pulled his mask into his lap, inspecting it and occasionally, carefully, wiping away dust and dirt. Hux joined him after taking a moment to collect himself. He had spent the entire night awake in the arms of the man who had molested him, and now he was going to brush his hair. He was going to be nice to him. He was going to give him exactly what he wanted. Nothing about the situation seemed right or fair. All Hux had wanted was to attend his duty and now he was stuck here. Ren had hurt him terribly, continued to act like a selfish child, and he seemed none the worse for wear. He was not naïve enough to think that life was fair, it wasn’t, but even then this seemed like too much. Ren was going to get everything he wanted. Ren’s feelings were always going to be spared. Ren was going to be placated because he was special . Because he was irreplaceable. Emperor forbid if Ren did not get his way while it was perfectly acceptable for the knight to make him suffer in silence. Hux made up his mind. He was not going to be silent anymore. He was not going to keep quiet regarding this a moment longer than he needed to. The only person who might be able to stop Ren was the Supreme Leader. He would make a case, a convincing one, a good one. He would make it clear that he could not continue to work under these conditions. He was managing at the moment, but if things went much further Hux had no idea how his mind was going to respond. He heard that these sorts of situations sometimes caused people to shut down completely. He was a General, he liked to think he was highly competent and very skilled at his job. How could he phrase it though? Hux wondered that to himself as he took his comb from his kit and seated himself behind Kylo. It was no good if his actions just got him transferred and demoted. It would depend on which of them the Supreme Leader wanted to have on the Finalizer more. It made sense to Hux that he would be the one to stay, the ship needed a good leader to keep everything running smoothly, and did not need someone who was going to destroy equipment and harass crew members. However, since the Finalizer was often seeking the Resistance in different parts of the Galaxy and benefitted from having a Force-User to interrogate captives, it was an ideal place to keep Ren stationed. Ideal did not mean singular though. There were other ships that might benefit from Ren’s talents. And if anyone could hammer it into the knight’s head that what he was doing was unacceptable, it was the Supreme Leader. In the meantime, until their next meeting, Hux would simply have to keep himself as safe as possible and bide his time. They had just opened up a whole new territory to explore, so no doubt they would be contacted soon with regards to changes in their orders. His time would come soon, he just had to be patient. In the meantime, he had to be somewhat affectionate with the knight. It was the best way to keep him peaceable, which in turn seemed to benefit everyone. It was an unfortunate necessity. If he had his way Hux would have left the room without looking back and have been happy to never see Ren again. Hux took his comb and glided it through the knight’s hair. He hummed softly, contentedly at that but did not speak, leaving Hux to his thoughts. He tried to focus on everything he had gained through their arrangement. They had spent significantly less credits on repairs due to Ren-related incidents. Morale had shot up with everyone feeling much safer and more secure in their positions, and as a result productivity improved. So he had not suffered pointlessly. It had been awful, but there was something to be gained by it. He was not deviously sleeping with his co-commander to advance his own career. He was…using himself to the best strategic advantage for the good of the First Order. Brushing through the dark waves of hair, Hux wondered at how far he had been pushed. Less than a month ago he would have fought back to try and escape being kissed and prodded, now he was willingly seated behind the man who had humiliated him and combing through his hair. “You’re quiet,” noted Ren. “I’m always quiet,” Hux countered. “Um…” Ren began and Hux braced himself for something awful to follow it, “I…said what I like about you. I’m very fond of you. Is there…anything…you…about me?” Hux gritted his teeth. Ren had done something heinous to him and now he wanted compliments. No…this was how it had to be. He needed the positive reinforcement. If Hux was sweet to him after he had done something that he approved of it would help in the long run. Until the Supreme Leader could be spoken to, he had to try to train the knight to be at least somewhat more manageable. Still, this stung. This stung horribly. He did not want to be nice. Not after the night before had been so awful. He did not want to pretend that this was some sort of loving relationship. And yet, this was his corner. He had backed himself into it, so Hux would do what he could. He’d been dealt a poor hand and he could not deny that he had played it very poorly. He was going to deal with the consequences of his actions with as much dignity as he could manage. “You’re…” Hux began, trying to think of something he did not hate about Ren. He had not liked the man much before he had started touching him, and now he found himself struggling to think of a single trait he found tolerable. What did most people say they liked about their partners? Eyes? Hair? He supposed Ren’s were nice enough, but it still felt wrong to be so complimentary after what he had been subjected to. He bit back his pride and finished, “Your eyes are…nice. I suppose.” Ren hummed again before turning and taking Hux by the wrist. Hux was about to shout, but noticed Ren seemed to have no interest in his hand. Instead he looked at the come and glided his finger over the teeth, eliciting a steady, scratching noise. He lowered his finger to the hair trapped beneath the teeth, “This is your comb?” Hux nearly rolled his eyes, “Who else’s comb would I be using?” Ren looked at where the teeth had caught a few stray black hairs and even fewer short, red ones. He was plainly pleased and fascinated by the sight of their hair entwined together. He grinned, “Yours are so bright. Your um…s-skin is bright too. You’re um…very…you’re…” Hux took his arm back. A wrist hold was an incredibly easy thing to break and Ren was not holding him particularly tightly anyways. He replaced the comb and sighed, “We’ll be late if we don’t leave soon.” As he rose Ren stammered, “I m-meant it though! Last night…I…I love you.” Hux felt his face blanch at the statement. Those were words he was unfamiliar with but knew were not meant to be thrown around lightly. It seemed to take the knight a great deal of effort to get them out. Hux pursed his lips. He had relented on everything else, but not this. Saying he loved the knight back would open a door he might not be able to close again. It would leave him too vulnerable. It would cut off too many means of escape. So he turned on his heel and choked out a shaky, “That’s nice…” as he practically dashed through the blast doors. “So where are you boys off to now?” asked Tarkin, Ren sensed her mentally add, ‘And leaving me with all the boring negotiations and treaty making.’ “Now that we have access to the Hosnian system, we plan to continue tracking the Resistance, Ma’am,” replied Hux, “We recently recovered a diary and hope it may provide some clues.” “Well, if you find them, give them hell for me. It’ll serve them right,” said Tarkin, “Oh, by the way, I brought Millicent, she wanted to say goodbye.” Sirus, radiating annoyance held the small ginger animal in his arms. Kylo sensed a strong fondness for the animal in him, and his outrage that Tarkin continued to neglect it. Stroking the animal seemed to calm him down though. Kylo wondered if Hux might calm down if he had a pet. As much as the General pretended to dislike the animal, Kylo sensed that Hux had not wanted anything bad to happen to it, a rare gesture on Hux’s part. He normally had no qualms wishing death or harm on people who irritated him. Maybe Hux would like a pet…no, it was a good idea in theory but Hux was too practical for that. If he got Hux a present it would have to be something small and easy to maintain… Still, he liked the image of Hux, sweet an innocent, a far cry from his usual demeanor, holding a small animal in his lap and soothing it, showing a side of himself that seemed to be Kylo’s alone to witness. It would never work, but Kylo imagined Hux holding an animal like Millicent as he looked up at him adoringly, ‘She’s perfect. I’m very grateful.’ Hearing the words had been better than his imagination had ever been. It had taken a lot of restraint to hold off when Hux said he did not feel like being kissed, but he said he would allow it later, so it should not be too much longer now. Hux would allow himself to be kissed soon. “I see…Well, goodbye…Millicent,” said Hux. Kylo nearly snorted. Hux was deliberating whether or not he should salute Millicent. He’d never said a goodbye to someone he had not needed to salute. It was precious. Hux was precious. It sounded too close to being called ‘pretty’ though. Kylo sensed there was more behind it than damaged masculinity, though there was plenty of that. When Kylo felt Hux react to the words there was pain. Not anxiety or uncertainty, pain. He did not want to hurt Hux, so he would avoid the words, but perhaps in time he could help Hux heal from whatever caused him to feel that way. Then he could enjoy it when he was complimented. Hux seemed better than he had immediately after they’d fooled around. Kylo supposed Hux had stayed up all night working it out, being the insomniac he was. He still seemed tense, worried that someone might find out he had a lover. He was still projecting a steady stream of worry, confusion and resentment. He seemed to be upset with Kylo for making him cum. While Kylo could admit it must have been an embarrassing thing to go through, and he hardly wanted that to be Hux’s first exposure to more intense intimacy, it seemed odd that he would still be so upset over it. Perhaps it was the confusion. Hux was often thinking about conflicting feelings, liking something but also being so frightened by it. That could have been putting him on edge. Kylo was not sure he regretted it though. He had not wanted to embarrass Hux, and never wanted to disorient him so badly. He had been hoping Hux would feel how good everything was and finally admit that he wanted to be touched and loved. Instead the night seemed to have been riddled with accidents. He certainly regretted that Hux’s first experience with intense touching had been a poor one, and Kylo really did want to make it up to him. He really wanted all off Hux’s firsts to be good ones. But as for making Hux come…he could not seem to feel any regret over it. He recalled how his eyes had fluttered shut, cursing as he cried out and his lithe body shuddered. He’d been so perfect, so beautiful. Kylo felt privileged to be the only one to see him come undone like that. “You too! Say goodbye to Millie,” ordered Tarkin. “Goodbye to Millie…” sighed Kylo before directing his thoughts at Tarkin, “Last night was fun. We didn’t get as far as I would have liked, but it was fun. I’ve never had drinks with a friend before.” Tarkin stiffened slightly before looking over at Kylo. She grinned and said out loud, “And I’m going to miss this guy here. Never completed a raid that easily before. It was good having you around.” Her thoughts were easy enough to read, manifesting in one slightly jumbled word, ‘ Details? ’ Kylo briefly considered planting an image in her head, but refrained. He liked bragging about what he could do to the General. He liked describing how he could reduce the eloquent uptight man to a screaming, mewling wreck incapable of forming a complete sentence. He also did not mind showing off how sensitive the General was to touch. Once they were alone, in private though, Hux was his. Kylo decided he did not want to share these memories with Tarkin. The sound, sight, feeling and smell of Hux being thrown into ecstasy was his alone. Instead he replied out-loud, “I don’t hate you quite as much as I thought I would. You’ve proved your usefulness Admiral.” Mentally he told her, ‘He’s a screamer. I won’t tell you anything more than that.’ Tarkin grinned, then her smile dipped. Her melancholy was coming back and she was tainting the room with her stale, stagnant aura. She was upset, but she knew the reason now. She would be stuck on the ship, only to be dragged out for public appearances as the deal went down. She would be trapped in her alter-ego almost constantly as holovids and stills would be taken of her for journals and archives. She would be on Hosnia Prime until all the dealing was done, but even then she might still be trapped. She had to wait for the next battle, the next time she would be allowed some freedom. And to top it all off the two people she found most interesting on the ship were leaving her behind… “That’s all a girl like me can hope for I guess,” said Tarkin flippantly. “I’ll write,” said Kylo. Hux and Sirus looked at him, stunned. “I’ll write to you through the proceedings. I trust you’ll have reports sent, but I would rather keep direct contact. So I’ll write to you,” repeated Kylo, “I expect a reply.” “I see…I wouldn’t mind monitoring your progress either,” said Tarkin, still trying to keep her grin in place. Ren felt it before he saw it. He had not offered her any great kindness, but it shocked her straight to her core. He had no idea what sort of training officers had but if Tarkin and Hux were any indication it must have been beyond ridiculous. It may have produced a fierce fighter and a competent General, but Tarkin was a depressed suicidal wreck who got misty eyed when someone offered to stay in contact with her, and Hux had felt and experienced so little human kindness that he had mistaken a hug for an attack and felt awkward with any sort of affection. His hypersensitivity to touch was amusing, and admittedly arousing, but Kylo was also aware that it stemmed from Hux never receiving proper care when he was younger. Tarkin said he might have been hit before…Kylo hoped not. He didn’t like the idea of Hux’s father hitting him. A child being hurt by their father was too… Tarkin finally broke down and wrapped her arms around Ren. He had been expecting it, but it still annoyed him slightly. She was going to get her tears and snot all over him. She pulled back and blubbered, “I’m gonna miss you bitchbucket.” “Whatever you say, ironass,” said Kylo dryly. Sirus nearly dropped Millicent and Hux seemed to be doing all he could to keep his jaw from dropping. Tarkin backed off and wiped her good eye with the back of her hand, “We’ll have to do this again. I enjoyed it. We even lost count of who had the most heads.” “I did, clearly, don’t get ahead of yourself,” chided Kylo. Mentally he asked her, ‘If the order is given…if they order you to marry Hux…’ Her reply was less clear than Hux’s usually were, but Kylo could make out the basics. ‘Marriage ≠ Love. Yours. Threesome maybe?’ Kylo let out an audible scoff at the reply and Tarkin gave a resigned shrug, “Now you two get off my ship before I command you to stay forever.” “Certainly Ma’am,” said Hux without a hint of irony. He saluted as she snorted, then turned sharply on his heels to ascend the gangplank. Kylo watched him pass, took in his conflicting emotions. His victory in the field, his embarrassment in the bedroom, his relief at returning home…home? The Finalizer was his real home? It made sense, but Kylo had expected that there might have been some planet, some more permanent place that Hux could call home? He probed a little deeper…ah, there was something. A building, white walls, people in white…Kylo pulled back with a start. A lab? Hux’s first memories of his homeworld was a First Order laboratory? There was another memory, very clear. There was homesickness, a sudden departure, a blue and green planet seen from far away in space. Kylo recognized it. Arkanis. He knew Hux was from Arkanis before, but seeing his memories felt much different from reading a file. He felt sad, frustrated feelings associated with the planet and brief reflections on his childhood. Kylo wondered if he could find a happy memory if he looked for one. Kylo watched the billowing darkness around Hux. Nothing could make it flag or falter it seemed. Even now, tired, embarrassed, worried, pining for home, Hux just seemed to take it and make the darkness thicker, richer, stoking a quiet fury that was perpetually burning inside him. It was intoxicating. It was beautiful. It made Hux more perfect than he could have hoped for. Kylo took one last look at Tarkin. She had taken Millicent from Sirus and held the animal close to her chest. He decided he did not hate her, he even pitied her a little. It seemed like such a waste that this was the use the First Order had found for someone with her talents. Surely they could find someone else with an impressive pedigree to rally behind. He might mention it when he spoke privately to his Master again. He smiled behind his mask. He would have a lot more to tell him about his Hux as well… Hux felt like sleeping as he sat in a secluded corner of the shuttle. The last sleep he remembered having was when he had passed out drunk, and he had no idea how long that had been. Sleep might have done him some good, but he did not need the indulgence, not when there were better uses for his time. For the first time in over twenty-four hours he retrieved his datapad and began reviewing the diary. There were no names or places stated, officially at any rate, but the details gave some things away. He tried thinking of it from a new angle. The Resistance fighters had access to Blue Milk, and the author was disappointed that it had curdled. The fact that it had been worth a mention must have been significant, meaning they must have been in a place where the drink was uncommon. She had spotted a supernova. Cross-checking the systems where the supernova had been visible with systems where Blue Milk was a rarity had given a few places to start. They had also had been in a skirmish where they had lost many allies just before the supernova. That also helped narrow down systems in which the Resistance might have bases of operation. Hux caught Ren staring at him again. He had taken his mask off and would gaze at him from across the shuttle. Hux had contemplated spending the rest of the trip in the cockpit, but he had no real excuse or reason to be there. The pilot and co-pilot were Tarkin’s, so he could not even say he was going to ask after Phasma or the Finalizer ’s crew. He sighed, “R…Kylo…please stop looking at me.” “You like making speeches on platforms, you’d think you’d be used to being looked at,” scoffed Ren. He got to his feet. Hux clutched his datapad; that had not been an invitation for Ren to examine him more closely. Ren took a seat on the bench beside him, looking at the maps on the datapad over Hux’s shoulder. Hux shivered at the feeling of the other man’s breath going down his collar and tried not to shrink from him. Ren hesitantly asked, “Why do you- why are you so uncomfortable with being looked at?” “I might ask you the same thing,” said Hux haughtily, “You almost never look me in the eye.” “That’s different,” said Ren dismissively, “You’ll stare anyone down like they’re scum on your boot, but when I was kissing you and took off your clothes-” “I don’t want to talk about that,” said Hux sharply, “I’m working.” Ren reached over him and shut off the datapad. Hux glared up at him. Had Ren been one of his soldiers he would be dead right now. Hux would have thrown him out of the airlock, snapped his neck, or dashed his brains out against the shuttle’s bench. But this was Kylo Ren, who could freeze his body with a thought, sift through his thoughts on a whim and was desperate for any excuse to touch him. He was also the Supreme Leader’s apprentice, and as frightening as Ren could be, the Supreme Leader was a thousand times more terrifying. Ren continued, “I want to make it up to you. I wanted to make you feel good.” There were half a dozen answers on the tip of his tongue but none of them seemed right. Instead Hux ignored the question entirely, “We’ve just gained access to the Hosnian system, we struck and great blow against the New Republic’s fleet, we have an enemy General in captivity, we might finally be able to find where the Resistance is hiding…why can’t we talk about those things? Don’t they seem like important things that we should be discussing? I don’t want to talk about last night anymore.” “But…we should,” said Ren, reaching up and rubbing the backs of his fingers against Hux’s arm, “You don’t like it when I’m in your head. If you don’t tell me what’s wrong and you won’t let me in your mind, I can’t know what made you so upset.” “I wasn’t…” Hux began and was not sure how to conclude the statement. He had not been ready or equipped to handle any of the things Ren had done to him. Physically or mentally. He had no idea how his body was going to respond and hand almost no control over the intensity of his reactions. He was upset by the fact that he’d ejactulated with so little stimulation, but that fact paled in comparison that if things had gone further, Ren would have… Hux stopped that train of thought. They were in a shuttle, a small vessel. If Ren lost his temper on the Finalizer it was not inexcusable, but the ship was large enough to withstand the punishment. If Ren threw a tantrum here it would get them both killed. Hux shook his head. He couldn’t say he had not wanted it. Ren would refuse to believe him and try to prove him wrong. “Is it…how I look?” asked Ren. He retracted his hand, “I know I’m strange. Even if you don’t look at people and feel desire you must still have things you think look nice and things that don’t.” “You were in my head, you know that’s not the case,” said Hux, trying one more time to read over his notes and hoped Ren would take the hint and leave him alone. “I just…don’t know how to make you feel better,” said Ren. He waved his fingers as if casting some sort of magic spell, “You will feel better?” Hux looked at his fingers and scowled slightly, “Now you’re being ridiculous…” “W-What if I kissed you?” asked Ren. He added, slightly lamely, “It’s later…When I was little, I liked being kissed when I was sad. Didn’t someone ever kiss you when you were hurt or upset?” “No,” said Hux, willing himself to look at Ren squarely, “I was ordered to become stronger than whatever it was that hurt me. That’s what I’m going to do. Now I would appreciate a moment’s peace so I can sort through this and focus on my work.” Ren seemed taken aback by that, “I can’t say that’s the best way…or even practical.” “You know what I mean,” muttered Hux dryly. “It’s important to learn from things but…you don’t have to learn by yourself anymore. You have me so…you can tell me things. I’ll help,” said the knight. He was so earnest that Hux was slightly taken aback by it. That went away as soon as he felt Ren put an arm around his waist. Hux pressed a hand against the knight’s chest, “Let go.” “It’s okay…you don’t have to be scared. I know it wasn’t the best it could have been but it didn’t hurt. You know it doesn’t hurt, don’t be afraid,” said Kylo softly, trying to pull him closer. “I’m not obligated to comply for another three days,” said Hux, coldly and clinically, expertly masking his panic behind his usual stoicism. Ren could do it if he wanted. Hux was painfully aware that Ren have him right then and there in the shuttle if he had a mind for it. It would not take much to freeze him in place. There was nothing he could do to make Ren stop, but he could not help it. He felt compelled to resist. After being still and compliant with Ren the night before, he felt that he had to at least try to say no. He sighed through his nose, “I let you have your fun last night. I don’t have to let you touch me for another three days.” “Maybe not, but I know we won’t have much time when we get back,” said Ren, pressing close, “This is the last chance we might get for a long time, so we should make the most of it.” Hux glared up at him, recalling the list, “You just want to debauch me in the back of a shuttle.” “No I…I mean yes but…n-not now, no…” muttered Kylo sheepishly, “I just…want to make you feel better. I think I can help.” Hux very much doubted that. Ren wanted to kiss him. If he wanted to help, really wanted to help, he would have left Hux to sort things out at his own pace. He would have backed off. If he had really, truly had anything close to his best interests in mind, he would have stopped as Hux had shouted ‘no’ for the first time in the hallway. Hux pushed back with his hand as he closed his eyes, “If I let you kiss me will you promise to leave me alone?” Ren stopped at that. He looked away slightly, “I was hoping…since we might not get to for a really long time…and since you need to adjust we could…” Ren started when Hux pushed him back and stammered, “N-Nothing serious! I swear! Just…maybe…play a bit.” “Don’t call it that,” said Hux firmly, “I’m not a toy for you to play with.” “But…maybe…could we? I won’t project. I want to make up for what happened…I’ll take care of you,” insisted Ren. It was clear that Ren was not going to give up and fighting back would just lead to him being frozen with no say in the matter. He could not fight, but he could talk. Hux had learned a few things, rules, how things seemed to work in Ren’s mind. He could not fight, but he could stall, and if he could stall long enough the shuttle would dock and hopefully nothing serious would happen between them. He put the datapad aside, “I want to talk first.” “Talk?” asked Ren. “Yes, talk. If we do…what you have planned…I’ll need at least fifteen minutes to put myself back together. So, we’ll talk for half an hour-” “Twenty minutes?” “…twenty minutes. Does that give you enough time?” asked Hux. “You’re stalling,” said Ren, his gentleness finally giving way as he became somewhat irate. Hux tried something different, “I like talking to you. I want to find out more about you…I would feel better if I knew more about you.” Hux sighed through his nose as Ren put a hand on his leg. He began thinking about advanced chemical equations to shield his thoughts in case something went wrong. He looked up at Ren, “I’d rather you didn’t do that while we talked.” “It’s okay, I won’t do anything, I just like being close to you,” Ren tried to assure him, “Don’t be scared…” He watched Ren’s hand apprehensively. He tried to ignore the pleasant heat that seeped through his clothes and how gentle, almost platonic Ren was being with him. He was so unused to this sort of touch. It would be so easy to understand if Ren just hit him. At the very least Hux would be able to comprehend that an unpleasant touch was coming from an unpleasant person. But this was…someone he hated, doing something he hated that was almost pleasant. He did his best to shut the feeling our as he asked, “Why did I see a spider last night?” “A spider?” “Yes, in your mind. You were pulling its legs off.” “Oh,” said Ren, giving a slight shrug and fixing his eyes straight ahead as he leaned on Hux’s shoulder, “Just something I had been thinking about. The way you squirmed was-” The knight caught himself, “N-Not that I think you’re a spider! Or that I want to pull your legs off! I-I don’t…I promise…I always keep my promises…” Hux had briefly made a study of human behavior. He was familiar of the three warning signs present in children who might grow up to be serial killers. Cruelty to animals, arson and chronic bed wetting. He was not about to ask Ren about his bladder control, but the other two were accounted for. When Ren talked about Hux’s shivers he compared it to setting old linen on fire. He always described the sensation as something to do with heat, ‘sparks’ ‘melting’ ‘lighting up.’ Now there was the spider. Hux felt a little closer to understanding whatever was wrong with the knight. Perhaps with more understanding he could become more adept at surviving. If there was a label he could put on Ren, it would be easier to come up with strategies. “You must have done it too when you were a kid,” said Ren, “Don’t tell me the fearsome General Hux never killed a spider before.” “When I had to, but I liked spiders, I fed them flies I caught,” admitted Hux, recalling catching a fly and loosing it in a web, watching with fascination as a spider crawled from its hiding place and began desiccating the smaller, struggling creature. “Hm?” asked Ren, moving his hand along Hux’s thigh gently. Hux caught Ren’s hand and held it still. He elaborated, “I liked studying how they built their webs and traps. Their hunting methods, how they would stun and kill their prey.” “And look at you now, spinning your little thought webs and planning Resistance traps,” purred Kylo. He nuzzled against Hux, breathing in deeply through his nose before letting out a pleased sigh, “Let me lie on your lap?” He did not give Hux time to answer before lying across his legs. As always, Hux was reminded that despite nearly being the same height, Ren was certainly in a different weight class. Ren settled his cheek on Hux’s thigh and took his hand, guiding it to his hair. Hux sighed, annoyed and absentmindedly stroked and tugged at the black curls. Ren repeated, “So…why won’t you look at me when I touch you? I know you’re blocking something. Did…did something happen to you?” “Don’t be stupid,” scoffed Hux, glancing out the viewport. “You can tell me,” said Ren softly, trailing a hand over his thigh, “If something happened, I’d help. I can find whoever hurt you. I could kill them.” He said it so nonchalantly, as if killing someone was nothing. Hux was ready and able to take a life, but he knew the act was a dire one that had consequences. He rarely lost sleep over taking out an enemy or the odd trouble-case within the First Order, except if their end had been particularly gruesome, but even if death was a necessary way to end a problem, there were repercussions, things to be remedied. Ren did not seem to realize that though. He said it as if it was as simple as offering to pick up Hux’s laundry from the cleaner’s. “Nothing happened,” lied Hux. Ren had happened. He had been fine before, perfectly happy with his sexless existence, and then Ren happened. “So, you’re just nervous?” asked Ren. “I suppose,” replied Hux. It was an easy way out and the answer left his lips smoothly. “You don’t have to be. You’re pre…I mean…you’re really good looking. I would have thought you’d have had more admirers,” said the knight. There had been people who admired him, as a fellow officer and comrade. There had been others who admired him the way Ren did, but a few blows to the head and a handful of missing teeth always put that to a quick end, and sent a warning to others. Hux had managed to make it clear within his first few months at the Academy that he was only there to train and study. As such, he rarely had to contend with being looked at the way Ren tended to watch him. “You don’t have to be ashamed. Is that what they taught you at your father’s academy? How to be embarrassed when someone finds you attractive? You must have been top of your class,” asked Ren teasingly, possibly trying to lighten the mood. If he was, he was failing. “No,” said Hux bluntly, “And once again, I have a hard time taking criticism from someone who can’t look me in the eye.” “It’s different,” Ren repeated, “You glare a lot. I don’t like it.” Hux did not believe the answer, not completely. He could not help thinking it was linked to some sort of neurosis. He tried to narrow down what Ren might possibly have that would make him act this way. Obvious empathy issues, likely starting in childhood, a penchant for violence, and an odd discomfort with talking about sex despite his posturing and supposed experience. There had to be something that would fit all of those symptoms. “I can look when you aren’t glaring at me,” said Kylo. Hux could hear the grin in Kylo’s voice as he added, “I looked at your eyes a lot last night. You were the one who kept trying to look at the wall.” Kylo traced small circles over his knee, “I could feel it. You think if we do it then it will somehow mean you’re weak.” “You mean ‘have sex,’ and no, I don’t think sex makes a person weak,” lied Hux. He had always secretly held contempt for anyone who admitted to having any sort of sexual appetite. It was hard for Hux to believe that a soldier was willing to put the First Order above all else when they went on and on about a spouse or lover. It was also a very stupid thing to broadcast a potential weak point like that. Like begging for their significant other to be kidnapped or murdered. Besides, sex in this case was hardly the issue. It was the fact that Ren was forcing him to have sex against his will and there was nothing he could do to stop it. That made him feel weak…worthless… “Liar,” scoffed Kylo softly, “You’re allowed to indulge yourself every once and a while. Maybe that’s why your body isn’t doing what you want it to. You aren’t particularly nice to it.” “And you would know my body better than I do, wouldn’t you?” glowered Hux. “I do…You don’t sleep much, you wake up stupidly early, seeing you without a shirt makes me think you forget to eat sometimes, when you get hurt you force yourself to try to work before you’re ready, though even when you’re well you push your body to its limits you don’t allow yourself to enjoy human touch, the only thing you do for your body is keep it clean. I mean it Hux, when’s the last time you-” Ren stopped talking. He sat up suddenly and stared at the door to the cockpit. Hux watched him, leaning back into the corner as Ren stared straight ahead, fixed and attentive. He sighed and leaned back, “My Master wishes to speak with us as soon as we return.” “I see,” said Hux, glad that Ren was not having a psychotic episode and his chance to address Ren’s abuse of power would come sooner rather than later. “So, as I was saying, when was the last time you let your body have something it wanted?” asked Ren, grinning up at him. Hux searched his memory, thinking that something would come quickly and he could use it to shut Ren up. But it did not. Hux could not think of a time when he went out of his way to do something ‘nice’ for himself. That sort of thinking was childish and bred lazy self-indulgence. A soldier, a General, needed to be focused on self-improvement and the good of the First Order at all times. He should not be giving himself rewards simply because he wanted them, he would be acknowledged and rewarded by others because his behavior or accomplishments had merit. Achieving a goal was usually reward enough though. Ren snorted and nuzzled against Hux, “Why not give it a try now? Tell me what you want, what you really want, and I’ll do it.” ‘ Throw yourself out the airlock ,’ Hux thought before he could stifle himself. Ren let out a bark of laughter before rising and kissing Hux on the neck, “We are feisty today aren’t we...?” Hux tried to meld with the wall as Ren continued to press into him. He addressed Hux playfully, trying to will him to be cheerful, “Go ahead, tell me what you want me to do. I’m yours to command, General.” Hux remained silent. He did not want to be touched. He wanted to be left alone. He wanted to work. Ren stroked his cheek gently, “If you won’t tell me, I’ll make my best guess. Don’t worry this time it’ll be fun.” Hux pushed his hand away, “Don’t.” “Then look me in the eye and tell me how you want it,” said Ren. So he was stuck between a rock and a hard place. Say nothing and Ren would force him, or pick his poison and allow Ren the satisfaction of bullying him into compliance again. If he resisted Ren would either get angry or imagine he was playing hard to get. If he complied, he would hate it, but at least he might be able to keep Ren’s wandering hands slightly at bay. Then again, he had lost most of his dignity and self-respect last night. Ren kept promising it would not hurt, so if he did resist, what did he really have left to lose? His pride was nearly broken, so if he played along was there anything left to shatter? “It’s okay,” said Ren, settling his hands on Hux’s collar and starting to undo the clasps, “I found a few places you like. I won’t go too far. I’ll make sure it’s good for you.” Hux closed his eyes and thought of quadratics. Bonus Stupidity: "So...do you wanna do it now?" asked Kylo, poking Hux's upper arm. "No," replied Hux bluntly. Kylo waited about ten seconds before inquiring, "How about now?" "No," groaned Hux. "Now?" "No." "Now?" "No!" "What about...now?" Hux turned and glared at Kylo, "Yes. Absolutely. Your penis has cured me of my asexuality and low libido and I positively can't live without your dick." "Really?" asked Kylo hopefully with stars in his eyes. "NO!" barked Hux, jumping up and waving his arms furiously, "That's not how this works! That's not how ANY of this works! You're a looney and I hope you get hit by a bus! I don't even know how you'd be hit by a bus! We're in outer fucking space!" Kylo screwed his face in concentration as he processed the General's outburst, "So...that's a tentative yes?" Hux looked down at Kylo irately, "Didn't you die last night?" "No..." said Kylo, now incredibly confused, "Pretty sure I didn't. So...since I'm alive...do you wanna-" "No, no, you died and I got this gold statue thing," insisted Hux. He gasped, "We may have come across some sort of inter-dimensional phenomenon! Do you know what this means, Ren!?" The knight shrugged slowly and hazarded, "...sex?" Hux palmed his forehead and groaned. This was going to be a long shuttle ride. Notes: Hoooo boy, so my plan was to have this out a while ago, but between moving and my insane work schedule and Eight's insane work schedule, it just didn't work out. It's going to be pretty spotty until the move is over but I am going to try to keep updating regularly. Sorry for the wait, and after such a sad chapter too... Chapter 16 : Oh, Don't Deceive Me Notes: Is there a Kilgrave System...probably not. Why stop making shit up now? :P Sorry for the long break between updates. Moving is hard Hux wished he could have enjoyed the applause he received as he walked down the gangplank. It was a hero’s welcome, a homecoming, celebrating his greatest triumph to date. He kept his face set like stone, something his crew would later attribute to the General’s stoicism, or a possible display of humility and graciousness. He walked silently, quickly, ignoring the applause and adulation as he passed with Ren at his side. It all rang hollow in his ears. He could direct a battle, he could defeat an enemy fleet, he could collaborate with the First Order’s greatest celebrity… …but he could not ignore the fresh bruises that Ren had left under his clothes. Hux knew that he bruised surprisingly easily, a consequence of having fair skin. If he accidentally bumped into a console, he would bruise. If he had something heavy in a satchel that rubbed against his leg, it would bruise. Sometimes he would wake up with spots and blotches on his body with no recollection of how they could have gotten there. It was no great feat to cause little purple and brown marks to appear on his skin. Kylo Ren had discovered this, much to his delight. In fact he had been so delighted that he had not bothered removing Hux’s undershirt, opting to tear it at the collar so he could suck and bite at his skin to leave more marks. Hux had pulled back immediately when it happened and shouted, too scandalized over his uniform being defaced to worry whether the pilot or co-pilot heard him or not. Ren became startled and sheepish at that, saying he wouldn’t have torn it if he had known how much it meant to Hux, but not saying a word on the fact that he had been touching him without permission. Again. He could feel the torn fabric bunching uncomfortably, the sore skin chafing against the rough fabric of his tunic, all while he walked amidst the thunderous applause. Hux could not enjoy it. All he could think was if his crew knew what he had allowed Ren to do to him, he was fairly certain they would all turn their backs on him. The first person he met on the way to the Supreme Leader’s holochamber was Mitaka. He was stifling a grin, no doubt thrilled with the part he had played in the battle. He saluted Hux smartly before announcing, “Welcome back General. It’s good to have you aboard again.” “Good to know you’re not too eager to stay in command Lieutenant,” said Hux drolly, saluting back. At least he did not have to worry about Mitaka becoming drunk with power and threatening mutiny. It was really the last thing he needed after the day and night he had had. Phasma was also waiting, which was a slight surprise. She usually kept to herself. Being the head of the Stormtroopers meant that she did not need to interact with Hux or his crew unless there was something vital to report or their forces were collaborating. Hux cocked his brow as she saluted him, “General.” “Captain,” said Hux saluting back and pausing. He heard Kylo’s loud footsteps stop behind him. He stifled a groan and inquired, “Have the prisoners been transferred to Admiral Tarkin and General Sirus’ custody?” “Yes Sir, we are ready to proceed through the Hosnian system towards our next target,” replied the Captain. “Any noteworthy casualties to report?” asked Hux. “None. The New Republic offered little resistance after General Nohr’s surrender,” said Phasma. After a slight pause she added, “Sir, I believe this victory was achieved too easily.” Normally Hux would not have bothered with the comment, chocking it up to paranoia, but this was Phasma, and with the number of prisoners taken it was possible that one might be a saboteur. He recalled Ren mentioning an assassin waiting in their guest room on the Helden. Ren cut in, “If there was a saboteur I would have sensed something.” “Then how did that assassin get onboard?” demanded Hux. Ren paused, before answering, “Well if you had stayed sober you would have known, wouldn’t you?” Hux nearly rolled his eyes and looked up at Phasma, “I understand. Proceed with caution. Let me know if your men see anyone suspicious. It would not be the first time someone tried to infiltrate a Star Destroyer by stealing Stormtrooper armour.” “Yes Sir, and I would appreciate if you gave your crew similar instruction,” suggested the Captain. “I’ll have the message sent out as soon as we have informed the Supreme Leader of our progress,” promised Hux. He exchanged salutes with the Captain before walking away. He pulled at the front of his tunic, trying to straighten out the torn shirt beneath it when he thought nobody was looking. Damned Ren and his impulsiveness… “You’re mine…” Ren whispered from beneath his mask, “Don’t run off with someone else, especially after last night. I don’t think I could…just…don’t you dare go to someone else.” Someone else? Hux looked over his shoulder at Ren incredulously, “So I’m not allowed to talk to other people now, is that it? You don’t give me orders. I’ll speak with my officers on my ship if I feel inclined to do so.” “She was…it was a primitive impulse, she was pleased for you, and with your achievement…and you enjoyed her company. I know you’re mad about your uniform but…you can’t. I love you…I marked you, you’re mine, so don’t even think about it, General,” growled Ren. Hux fixed his eyes straight ahead again and kept walking, “I like talking with her because she gets straight to the point and we accomplish our goals quickly and efficiently. Perhaps I’d like you better if you did the same.” “General Hux likes finishing quickly and efficiently. There’s a joke there,” said Ren bitterly. His voice softened before he added, “That was…I was just angry. You were being…You can’t be upset with me if I didn’t intend to hurt you.” Hux gritted his teeth and kept walking, “Oh, can’t I?” He let out a low snarl, “Just watch me.” It had only been a few days, but it felt like a lifetime. Standing before the Supreme Leader never felt real. Not because of the holograms, but because of his presence. It felt otherworldly, like a nightmare where everything was perfectly normal, except for the creeping feeling that something about the world was horribly wrong, and suddenly the dreamer felt the urge to run. The man’s presence was skin-crawlingly uncanny, though Hux could never put his finger exactly on why. It was probably something to do with the Force, and as such it fell beyond his understanding. It was something Hux had always hated about the Force. Without experiencing it, he could never truly comprehend it. He also sensed his power instinctively. Hux was used to being the smartest person in a room. Perhaps others might be more physically imposing or have more field experience, but Hux could usually count his intelligence far outstripping everyone else’s. He had been on par with most of his teachers since he was about fourteen, and it was rare that he could engage in an intellectual debate or conversation with someone who could keep up with him. He had felt inexperienced before, but never like he was facing a task or challenge or opponent who could outthink him. When he looked up at the Supreme Leader though, he felt jarringly outclassed in his own field of expertise, and he hated every second of it. He stood, looking upwards. The Supreme Leader must have sensed his hate, his humiliation, coming off of him and filling the room with it. If it looked anything like Ren’s odd Force-vision had when he projected it into Hux’s mind, dark energy billowed out of him like smoke from a bonfire then there would be no hiding it. Was it the same with everyone? Or was that why Ren… Hux wished he had not made that conclusion here of all places, where he was forbidden from questioning and prying. “You will pursue the Resistance based on your findings,” instructed Snoke. “Yes, Supreme Leader,” replied Hux obediently. “Kylo Ren, you will depart for the Kilgrave system,” the Supreme Leader continued, “You will be able to sense the purpose of your mission when you arrive.” Hux had assumed that Ren had known this even before entering the room. The Supreme Leader had contacted him telepathically on the shuttle after all. Apparently he was wrong though. Kylo did not give an immediate affirmative answer, as was usually the case. He waited, he cast a slow glance at Hux and then the General understood. This was Ren’s first time hearing about the mission, and he was not as interested in accepting it as he was in his personal interests. Then Hux felt it. Ren, by appearances, was calm and indifferent. His mind was a different story. Hux could feel him throwing a mental tantrum, but not an angry one. It was fear, so thick in the air that despite not having an ounce of Force sensitivity in his body Hux was gagging on it. He felt like he was being choked. He felt ribbons, bands, rope, something flexible and binding wrapping around him. Hux felt Ren’s thoughts echoing in his head as he lashed out incoherently, ‘He’s mine. Please. Don’t take him away. I did my best! I don’t know what I did wrong! Don’t take him away! I’ll do better, I promise! Please! He’s mine! ’ Hux stayed perfectly still, trained not to move unless he was entering or leaving the chamber. His thoughts were another story. He needed to make Ren stop. He was choking from the bonds around him. He was being smothered by the power of whatever it was coming off of Ren. If this kept up Ren might actually kill him. So Hux mentally shouted right back, “Stop.” Ren continued his fit, so Hux tried something else, “Kylo, you’re hurting me!” Ren audibly gasped and the fit subsided. Hux glanced at him briefly from the corner of his eye as the Supreme Leader asked in a smooth tone, “Is something wrong, Knight of Ren?” “No. Forgive me, Master, I was distracted. I will make preparations immediately,” said Ren. “Then you may depart. General Hux, I would have a word with you.” Hux stood as still as a statue as Ren turned and gave him what must have been a curious look through the mask. It had been the other way around for as long as either of them could remember. Ren would speak with Snoke, Master to Apprentice in private while Hux would be dismissed early. More than that, Hux had never spoken with the Supreme Leader privately, and he had a feeling it was not to congratulate him on his strategic prowess. Ren walked away, his footsteps echoing as he took quick, heated steps down the catwalk. Hux had no idea what he ought to do or say. He could only look up at the towering hologram as Ren’s footsteps faded away, then were silenced as the blast doors closed behind him. Was the Supreme Leader expecting him to say something? Ask a question? Perhaps he had sensed that Hux wanted to discuss what Ren had done to him and what steps ought to be taken going forward. He deepened his breathing to keep calm and only succeeded in making the bruises on his chest and stomach ache. “My apprentice has formed a strong attachment to you, General,” said Snoke, no, the hologram, calmly and evenly. Hux suddenly felt the urge to look away. That confirmed that the Supreme Leader knew all about Ren and his perversions. If he had picked up on any of Ren’s thoughts and feelings on the shuttle he probably knew everything that had happened on the Helden. He did not sound particularly sympathetic either. This was it. He was going to be transferred, belittled, humiliated. Ren’s little outburst against the Supreme Leader was likely what just cost Hux his command. No, not yet. Surely if that was the case the Supreme Leader would have cut straight to the point. He also still had his mission. At least for a little while he still held command of the Finalizer until that mission’s conclusion. That might be enough time to prove himself worthy of continuing his work in spite of Ren’s tantrums and perversions. Hux replied quickly, “Forgive me, Supreme Leader, I am doing everything in my power to dissuade him.” “That won’t be necessary, General,” said Snoke, cutting him off. Hux could not help it. His stoic expression slipped from his face. His eyes widened, his mouth opened and then closed briefly. He shook his head involuntarily, “I…I don’t understand…Forgive me, I must have heard…incorrectly…” “That won’t be necessary,” repeated Snoke, “There is no need for you to sever his attachment.” Collecting himself slightly, Hux let out a shaky, “Y-Yes, Sir…” What else was there that he could say? “No doubt your exposure to my Apprentice has taught you much about the dark side of the Force,” remarked Snoke, leaning down slightly to look at Hux more closely. No, it was a hologram, just a hologram. The hologram continued, “Fear, hate and passion give him strength. It is good for him to use every means at his disposal to gain more power and mastery over the dark side.” Hux tried to screw his courage. He had to say it. Just one sentence and perhaps a new strategy might be devised. A way that Ren could keep whatever power he acquired without causing any additional stress and discomfort. Just a sentence. A few words. What were a few words to him? Hux made speeches and announcements on a daily basis. A sentence could not have been so frightening as that. “Supreme Leader he…” Hux began, his throat felt dry. His tongue was like a lump of tar in his mouth. His hands shook as he pressed his fingers into his palms feverishly. He could feel the colour draining from his face. He had to finish. He had to finish the statement. Hux took a few breaths and swallowed before closing his eyes and blurting out quietly, “He molested me...” “You will keep his interest within the First Order,” commanded Snoke. Hux felt himself slipping again, succumbing to the fear and humiliation the situation was subjecting him to. Was he going to ignore it entirely? Perhaps he should have worded it more strongly. What if this was not regarded as a serious offence among Force-Users? What if he had to wait until Ren did something much, much worse before Hux’s complaints would be taken seriously. Because the Supreme Leader, his commander, had all but ordered him to allow Ren to…there had to be some mistake. He managed to gasp out a strangled, “S-sir?” “You could not have felt it, but his attachment assisted in giving him strength. It also focused his hatred on your enemies, the New Republic and the Resistance,” explained Snoke. He leered at Hux, “Imagine what might become of him and the First Order if his allegiances shifted. If he attached himself to someone on the wrong side of this conflict.” The mental image did not need much prompting. Hux could imagine it clearly. Ren having some silly infatuation with a Resistance fighter or idealistic Senator seemed like something the knight would stupidly fall into. If push came to shove, if the person he became infatuated with refused to change their allegiance, if the First Order tried to arrest or apprehend them, Kylo Ren would undoubtedly fight back. It was easy enough to imagine Kylo Ren betraying the First Order over something stupid like that. Ren was reckless. Every facet of his unpredictable being needed to be reigned in and controlled and this seemed to be an effective way of going about it. Ren might not be enamoured with the First Order, but if he had a lover who provided extra incentive to stay, Ren would stay. Ren would be obedient. If he had a lover that would be all well and good but Hux did not want to be the knight’s- “It would be disastrous for your strategies if the Kylo Ren abandoned his post. Even more so if he defected to the Resistance and his power was used for their benefit. Surely you understand why he must be placated, General,” reasoned Snoke. He added warningly, “The Resistance has caused much damage on their own. Imagine how their power would grow if someone with the strength Kylo Ren possesses joined their ranks.” It would be a disaster. With General Organa’s slight sensitivity to the Force, she could predict movements and sense danger in a way that Hux knew he would never be capable. If Ren became bored, if his obsessions changed, it was possible that he could destroy the First Order on a silly whim. It would be exactly like when Darth Vader betrayed the Emperor at the behest of his son. That would leave everyone… “It is for the best if the object of his desires is loyal to the First Order, so he can be guided properly,” said Snoke before leering at Hux accusingly, “You are loyal, aren’t you General?” Hux could not deny that he had indulged in lofty dreams like ruling the galaxy, but it was always with and through the power of the First Order. Nonetheless, he instinctively buried them. It was silly, like a child trying to hide a mess that was too large to conceal. He had no doubt if the Supreme Leader wanted to, he could reach into his mind and pluck out the possibly traitorous thought. Hux replied, “Yes…yes of course I am.” “Are you confident in your ability to hold his attention?” asked the Supreme Leader. As Hux tried to formulate an answer he revised the question, “Perhaps the question was unfairly phrased, given your unusual disposition.” Unusual? He must have meant Hux’s inability to experience attraction and almost non-existent sex-drive. Hux willed himself to keep staring up at the hologram. It was just a hologram, he reminded himself. He had not liked the way the Supreme Leader had said that word though. Unusual . Like his sexuality was a foolish mistake that needed correcting. That he was somehow abnormal or defective. Hux had always thought of it as one of his greatest strengths. It allowed him to focus. It kept him from making distracting attachments. It kept his head free from useless desires. Was that wrong? Was the way his brain operated more burden than boon? He knew it was not statistically common, but he had never considered himself unusual. He had been called that, of course, but always by someone far stupider than he was. The Supreme Leader on the other hand, was not, and he seemed to think him odd. Perhaps he was a little odd- “Will you do everything in your power to keep my Apprentice’s interest in the Dark Side from flagging?” asked Snoke. Ren had mentioned that before, sometimes being drawn to the Light. As Hux understood it, those who used the light, the Jedi, often sided with the Resistance, or Rebels, or Old Republic. If he, for some reason, kept Ren grounded in darkness, it would remove the temptation to join more closely with the light, and possibly the Resistance. But the cost of that was… Hux had already resigned himself to this. It was just his body. He had already sworn to die in the name of the First Order, surely that was the more difficult vow to make. His body was a tool, for fighting, for control, another means to an end. This was simply taking it to its next logical step, another use he might be put to in the service of the First Order. It was something their spies had to do frequently, have sex with a target for the sake of a mission, to follow orders, and they seemed none the worse for wear because of it. It was a resourceful decision, it was a well calculated move, and it was a purely mercenary decision in which no great losses would be suffered. That was what the logical part of his brain told him. The illogical part of his brain was screaming for there to be some other way. Something else to guarantee Ren’s attachment, something else to keep him pacified. Any substitute would do. He could only repeat to himself over and over ‘ I do not want this ,’ like a spoiled child. But why was he thinking that? Ren had been true to his word and not hurt him physically, he had upheld his end to lessen the damage from his outbursts, and what had it cost? A few kisses? A little discomfort? Only a fool would look at the results and continue to petulantly repeat to themselves that they did not want to go through with it. Hux forced himself to stop. He would make peace with this. He had to. Ren was not giving him a choice. The Supreme Leader was issuing his orders. It had to be done, so he would do it. “Yes…” whispered Hux, barely managing to get the answer passed the barrier of his clenched teeth. That was not a proper reply for a soldier. Hux corrected himself, repeating more loudly but still with uncontrollable uncertainty, “Yes, Sir...” Snoke looked at him more closely. Hux forced himself to keep eye contact with the colossus in front of him. No, it was just a hologram. Suddenly Hux heard a voice, Snoke’s voice, inside his head, “Did I detect unwillingness in your tone.” Instinctively Hux flushed all the thoughts from his head except for a resounding shout. The Supreme Leader looked down at him, expression unaltered, “This arrangement is not without its benefits to you General. I doubt such an advanced technique would have come to you without the necessary motivation.” Hux’s eyes widened with realization. He had, on reflex, performed the mental equivalent of slapping the Supreme Leader across the face. His mouth went dry. Should he apologize? Should he wait for the matter to be addressed? Why had he not been killed the instant he reacted that way? “Don’t be alarmed General. My apprentice made mention of your defenses. It was a test of your strength in expulsion arts,” said Snoke dismissively. Hux felt the words flow over him like oil. They seemed to stick to him. Ren talked to the Supreme Leader about him? For how long? How often? Snoke continued, “With proper instruction your petty attempts might become something to be reckoned with. You also seem to have experience calming him. Surely you can see how you’re the only one on the Finalizer capable of containing him. A weaker man would have folded.” There was a way to shut out force users? A way to protect himself from Ren’s powers? The lightsaber still posed a problem, but if there was a way to sever Force bonds, expel an intruder from his mind or lock away private thoughts, Hux wanted to know it. He wanted to keep Ren out of his head. Of everything Ren wanted to take that was the one thing Hux refused to compromise on. Ren could take anything except his mind. “Forgive me Supreme Leader…” said Hux, not knowing what else to say. He was still in shock that he had not been struck dead for his insolence yet, that the Supreme Leader was disappointed that he had not struck back harder. He added quietly, “What must I do?” “Continue your training and meditations, they will prove useful. Attend your duties as you always have, and as to my apprentice, if you continue to amuse him it should prove sufficient,” said Snoke, as if these were the simplest tasks in the world. Amuse him, Hux thought to himself bitterly. He could feel the marks on his skin radiating a dull ache against his torn shirt and jacket. He convinced himself that this was simply something he would have to adjust to. Spies often had to do the same thing, nobody thought less of them for it. They did what they had to do in order to complete their mission. He did not want it, but if it was at the Supreme Leader’s recommendation, then… “Yes, Sir,” replied Hux, “May I…might I have some time to come to terms with this arrangement? I’m not a spy. I haven’t trained for this…” “Do what you must, but your orders have been given, General. Would you disobey them?” questioned Snoke. Disobedience meant humiliation, punishment, death if the situation was grave enough. It went against every instinct in Hux’s body to disobey an order. He had been conditioned since birth to follow instructions, even ones that felt illogical, immoral or uncomfortable. This was…this was making him question that. For the first time since he was a child, Hux felt himself not only disliking an order, but feeling a horrifying reluctance to follow through with it. He had been ordered. This was wrong. He had been ordered. This was unfair. He had been ordered. He was scared. These were his orders. “I will obey them,” said Hux quietly. The Supreme Leader regarded him for a moment, “Your misgivings have not gone unnoticed, General. These orders are difficult for you, I have sensed it. But you understand their necessity, do you not?” He understood. He understood far too well. When Ren was contented their operations ran much more smoothly. He became more reliable and much less destructive. It was just sex, and he knew he was the odd man out in the fact that he did not want it but that was unusual, apparently. If he could overcome his proclivities, or lack thereof, it would be for the benefit of the Order. It was just a little discomfort for a greater good. It might take some time, and perhaps it would never feel right, but if he was being ordered… What struck him though was the Supreme Leader’s tone. He never spoke that way before. With understanding, almost gentleness. Hux found he disliked it. After he had been so forward and blunt, the sudden display of something that bordered on being caring was incredibly jarring. Yet, after all that humiliation, Ren touching him, the Supreme Leader not only knowing about it but actively encouraging it, he wanted some small amount of kindness. After all of it, he appreciated the gesture, even if it clashed with everything else that had been said and done. “I understand,” said Hux, resigned, but determined to see this through. “I sense him waiting for you. He will be volatile. If order is to be kept, I recommend you try not to upset him, for your own sake. He has been ordered not to harm you, but he can be…unpredictable,” advised Snoke as the hologram began to fade. It may have been his imagination, but Hux could have sworn as the pixels faded to nothingness he saw the smallest hint of a bemused grin. It had to have been his imagination. The Supreme Leader could not have been taking pleasure in this. The situation had to be just as precarious for him as it was for Hux. Or was it? Hux turned on his heels and walked out. Now there truly was no running, no hiding. No help would come for him. No last minute saving grace from the stars. The Supreme Leader had all but wrapped him in a bow and presented him to Ren as a gift. A plaything. This was the hand he had been dealt, but he would play it to the best of his ability. He refused, absolutely refused to allow this to break him. It made him angry, and he would use every ounce of rage and contempt to help him survive this. He had come too far to be bested and broken by something like this. He would bear it. He had to. His crew was counting on him to stay alive and well. If he broke it would be a disaster for the First Order, for the Galaxy. He was a General, not some silly little maid weeping on the eve of an arranged, loveless marriage. He was better than this. The Order was counting on him. He would overcome it. As he had been warned, Ren was waiting for him on the other side of the blast doors. If he knew about the security monitors he ignored them. He seized Hux and pulled him against his chest, almost enough to crush him. Ren was trembling, holding him close, “I can’t leave you here.” “We have our orders,” said Hux. He remembered the Supreme Leader’s advice, ‘don’t upset him.’ Nonetheless he pressed a hand to Ren’s chest to try to put some distance between them. “I’m listening to them, all their thoughts. It’s mostly a primitive attraction to power, but they want you, so many of them, if I leave they’ll try to take you from me,” panted Ren, sounding on the verge of a hysteric fit, “You’re mine, I won’t let them have you.” “They’re my crew, not the enemy. I will be the one to manage them, so don’t you dare start hunting down anyone who-” said Hux. Ren pressed him against the closed blast doors, hands clamped on either side of Hux’s head, “Your lieutenant, the navigator, still hasn’t learned his lesson. He wants you to dominate him. He’s not the only one of your crew who fantasizes about that. Ten levels above our heads there’s a chemical engineer with a fetish for your hair colour, and I know there are at least three thousand more like him on this ship. Then there’s the security chief. She worries for your safety, wants to protect you from me. Captain Phasma entertained the thought of your abilities being complimentary to her own…they’re all waiting for me to leave, then they think they’ll have their chance…” “You think I can’t handle them?” suggested Hux with a growl. Ren’s hand shot down and seized his wrist, “Come with me.” “I’m on duty,” said Hux firmly, “Wait until I’m finished.” “No. You will come with me!” insisted Ren, pulling on his arm sharply. A wrist grab was an easy enough thing to counter. Hux masterfully pulled his hand away from Ren and repeated, “I am on duty, as are you, so you will wait!” “No,” said Ren, “I’m going to do what I ought to have from the start.” Ren was on Hux in an instant, shoving a hand in his mouth before roughly slamming him against the blast doors. Hux bit down instinctively, tasting leather, trying to bite through it straight to the bone. He reached for Ren’s shoulders to throw him, but found himself pinned by the Force, no doubt fueled with Ren’s desire. Ren hissed, feeling his hand being clamped down on and forced Hux’s face to the side, leaning down quickly. Hux gasped as he felt the clasps on his collar pop and teeth on his neck. Howling, Hux discovered the hand in his mouth was not for leverage, it was a gag. He tried to let go, to spit it out and call for the guards, but Ren kept it lodged between his teeth. The knight’s mouth however was gnawing at his neck, biting down painfully hard, all too close to his pulsing jugular vein. He had removed his mask just enough to free his mouth so it could rip and tear at the delicate skin. Hux could feel his teeth puncturing skin and leaving marks from his jawline to the base of his throat, covering him. There would be no mistaking that someone had marked him all over. Kylo pulled back, trembling, keeping his hand shoved in Hux’s mouth, “You’re mine. They’ll see that, and it will keep you safe from them. I had to do it.” His neck hurt. Unlike his chest where Ren had taken his time, nipping and sucking just enough to create tiny experimental bruises, this felt like an animal had gripped his throat in its jaws before shaking him about. Hux touched a hand to his throat and drew it away to look at it. He let out a cry of indignation around the hand in his mouth. The glove was speckled with blood from dozens upon dozens of scrapes and punctures. “Shh…shh…Hux, don’t be scared,” whispered Ren, pushing his hand away and kissing his throat apologetically, “It’s to keep you safe. They aren’t deep.” ‘Get off of me!’ Hux thought, loud enough that Ren would have to hear it but hopefully not loud enough to hurt and provoke, ‘ Get off!’ Ren moved back, “I’m…I’ll take it out. Don’t scream. I didn’t want it to hurt you but...” Hux gasped and swallowed once his mouth was free. He closed his collar quickly, knowing it was not enough to cover all of the brutal marks that encased his skin. He smoothed down his hair and walked past Ren, “I have to be on the bridge.” “Hux, don’t leave like this,” pleaded Ren. “You need to ready yourself to leave. When are you departing?” asked Hux, not bothering to turn back. “T-Tomorrow,” said Ren, moving behind Hux quickly, “Hux, General, please say you aren’t upset. I had to do it. They would have taken you from me. Everyone I knew always went away and…I didn’t want you to be taken away. I had to protect you.” “I’ll see you off tomorrow then,” said Hux coldly. “Wait!” said Ren, forcing him to a stop again. He whispered from behind him, slowly and nervously, like their first encounter in this very hall, “I…I’m... Please let me stay with you tonight. I’ll make it up to you. I’m sorry it hurt, but I had to. It won’t happen again so…so please tell me I can stay…it’s our last night…I’m sorry, so you have to…” He recalled the Supreme Leader’s words. Ren would be leaving for a long time. If he left like this, angry and upset, he might find someone else, someone more compliant. And if he left Ren like this now, furious and pining, who knew what he would do to the Finalizer in his jilted anger. He whispered back, “You know which times the guards change their shift…” “I’ll be there…” said Ren. He did not let Hux go, not yet. Hux could feel the knight, pressed against his back, a hand apologetically stroking his neck, “I’m…I didn’t think your skin was so thin, you act like you’re made of durasteel…” “I need to leave,” repeated Hux, “Let go.” Ren placed a final, nervous kiss to the largest mark, a bite that would no doubt become a welt, just under Hux’s ear. Hux let out an involuntary shiver at the sensation and Ren released him. He heard soft whimpering, like the knight was holding back a sob, “I didn’t think it would hurt so badly…I just wanted to…I’ll do anything, just say you aren’t mad…” Hux gritted his teeth before conceding, “You can sleep beside me, but no more of your experiments. I won’t be angry if you agree to that.” “I won’t,” Ren promised eagerly. He touched Hux’s arm as he moved to walk away, “I…I love you. Really.” Hux looked away as he started down the hall, “That’s…very flattering, Ren.” When he arrived on the bridge, Lieutenant Mitaka stared at him with wide eyes, “G-General?! Your…your neck is…” Hux glared down at him and choked out, “I fell off a platform.” Nobody said a word. Bonus Stupidity "Supreme Leader, I think we're stuck in some sort of time-space anomaly. I very clearly remember Ren dying, and you running into the Helden's hangar and calling people fuckers, but nobody else seems to," said Hux sharply. "That is all well and good but I really must encourage you to engage with my apprentice," replied Snoke dismissively. "Supreme Leader. I. Hate. Him," declared Hux, "Why do you want me to be with that monster so badly!?" "Because Your Snoke Theory Sucks," said Snoke, glaring out at the author, "All of them. Rian Johnson said so. Shame on you." Anorlost then went home and rethought her whole life. Chapter 17 : T'is Not For the Parting Notes: Oooooookay, so it's been a while, hasn't it? Here's a few things I should probably mention. I moved from Japan to Canada last month and the jetlag/reverse-culture shock/stress have been real. I also have three other ongoing fics and three wips to work on. I don't know why I did this to myself, but I did. Also my beta CountofEight has a really stressful work schedule. Before I left Japan we talked about the possibility of bringing in another beta until things calmed down for both of us. It took a while to find someone, especially given the content of this fic being really triggering and squicky, but Murasaki99 has volunteered to beta and I'm really grateful to her for that. She's also a really creative writer, so please check out her fics too if you get the chance. Kylo whined and wrapped his arms tighter around Hux’s waist. He had been like that for the past few hours, whimpering, crushing the wind from his lungs, pre-emptively pining over their inevitable separation. Occasionally he would kiss the welts on Hux’s neck, submissively stroking his hair in a silent plea for forgiveness. Even more occasionally he would try to strike up conversation, whispering softly into Hux’s ear, forcing shivers from his body. It was not something Hux wanted to forgive. He knew he was no longer imagining the eyes of the crew on him, he could tell they had been staring at his neck. The typical platform excuse staved off more questions, but he still heard whispers. The most common of them was that Hux’s lover was stationed on the Helden , so it was only natural that after his victory he would have had his own private celebration. There were a few other rumours that Hux certainly did not seem to have any bruises when he got off the shuttle, so it may have been a fling with some random member of the crew while Hux was still riding his post-victory high. He was a young man after all, it was to be expected. Hux did nothing to dispel the claims or encourage them. “I don’t want to leave you angry…you know I had to do it, right?” whispered Kylo, rubbing Hux’s upper arm gently, “Hux, please talk to me…” “There are welts all over my neck,” whispered Hux, “Talking hurts.” “I’m sorry…” the knight whispered, “Th-they need to last for your own good but…I could get you a cooling pack.” Hux nodded his approval and Ren practically leapt off of the bed to go find Hux’s medkit. The General shuddered slightly at the loss of Ren’s heat behind him and buried himself deeper into the pillow, closing his eyes. He felt sore, he felt tired, and he felt defeated. He had been counting on Ren losing interest, now he was being all but ordered to keep that interest alive. He reviewed the parameters of his situation. Ren wanted him. Hux was obligated to give him some small token of affection at least once every three days. Hux was allowed to negotiate, but if he flat out refused, Ren would ignore him and do whatever he pleased. Ren said he did not want to cause Hux pain, but clearly he would if he felt it was for the General’s own good. Hux had managed to manipulate Ren into ceding the right to decide when their seemingly inevitable first time would be. That was his sole consolation at the moment. At least when it happened, if it happened, Hux would be able to prepare himself mentally. He had been so lost in his thoughts he jerked slightly when he felt a cooling pack being placed over his neck. Ren leaned down and kissed his cheek, “Tired?” Hux nodded slightly. He kept his head tilted so his throat was exposed to the icy pad pressed to his neck. It relieved the ache a little. A warm shower had done the same earlier, though Hux had hated walking past the mirror. His chest was still peppered with bruises and his neck looked like it had been ravaged by a wild animal. “We…we’ve never been apart,” observed Ren, pressing down on the cooling pack gently, “I’m…I’m worried you might…with someone better looking…” Hux shot him a look from the corner of his eye. He motioned to his head, hoping Ren got the message. He held up a finger emphatically, it’s meaning clear: Just this once. Hux concentrated his thoughts, allowing Ren to read what was on the surface, ‘I don’t care about that.’ “But it might change…so many of them want you…you could have any of them,” said Ren, miserably. He pressed against Hux insistently, “But you’re mine, right? You only want me. I know it hurts, but could you say it Hux? Say I’m the one you want.” There was nowhere left to turn at this point. With the Supreme Leader finding advantage in their arrangement, there would be no backing out. This, so far, was the only way to make sure the knight stayed under control, with his devastating rage directed solely on the Resistance. Hux let out a pained sigh, “Not now…but…it’ll be you...perhaps it was always going to be…” The Force was a hard thing to understand. It moved through living things, had dark and light alignments that made little sense to him, could move objects, penetrate thoughts, manipulate weak minds, and sometimes see the future. Had Snoke foreseen this? Had this been part of his plan from the moment he selected Hux as a General? Hux was beginning to wonder if his choice and ambition were his own or part of some perverse predestination. Thoughts aside, Ren had settled against his back again, placing his stupid sorry kisses against Hux’s now frigid throat before replacing the pack. He muttered nervously, “C-Can I look? Can I see them?” Hux closes his eyes and sighs. He was tired. His neck hurt so badly. He did not want to do this. Ren removed the pack. He held it away. Hux could gather the situation clearly enough, Ren was going to withhold relief unless he complied. Hux sighed, turning himself onto his back. The knight reverently lifted his shirt, slowly, taking great pains not to cause any discomfort and let out a slight gasp as he surveyed his handiwork in the dim light. He started to trace patterns from one bruise to another and Hux’s breath hitched. He screwed his eyes shut as Ren touched him, light as a feather. He shivered again as he squirmed under the touch, unsure as to whether he was trying to escape it or not. Ren made sure to touch all of the places that made him jerk and make those humiliating noises. His hipbone, his ribs, just around his navel, Hux caught his hand as Ren went to trace his nipple. He concentrated , ‘No. That’s enough. I’m tired. We agreed not to do that tonight.’ “Shh…I’ll stop after this, I promise,” assured Ren, easily muscling through Hux’s weak grip to trace his prize. Hux cringed and let out an undignified whimper at the pleasant sensation and the pain in his throat. Ren asked quietly, nervously, “They’re so sensitive…Do you…do you touch them? When you’re alone?” ‘No! ’ came Hux’s outraged reply, probably louder than he intended. “Do you touch…any of the places I do?” ‘No.’ “Do you touch…you know…at all?” inquired Ren, barely above a whisper. Hux coloured slightly and purged his mind of all his memories of waking up irritated with his body for not functioning the way he wanted it to. Realizing he was flushing and still letting out weak, breathy noises while Ren was asking such shameless questions, Hux covered his face. “Don’t be embarrassed,” said Ren, “I just want to know what you like…how to please you…” Hux peaked through his fingers, ‘It’ll please me if you stop asking how I masturbate!’ Ren coloured slightly and pulled his hand away. He glanced at Hux, meeting his gaze for the first time in what felt like ages as he replaced the cooling pack. He leaned in closer, stroking Hux’s hair, “If…If I were you, I’d touch myself whenever I got the chance. I’d make sure I touched every inch. Your skin is so soft, Hux. I…I know you don’t like me saying that, and I’m sorry I just did but, it feels really nice.” Hux closed his fingers and let out a quiet groan. Was Ren trying to talk dirty to him? Was that what this was? Nobody had had the gall to do it to Hux before so he had no idea what constituted talking dirty. Did the knight think it was romantic? Did he think this would somehow make Hux change his mind about not wanting to be touched when he was aching and tired? “It’s so nice. And smooth with no marks, no scars at all,” marvelled Ren. ‘I don’t want any. I have them removed.’ “I like it like this,” said Ren approvingly, “Silky and smooth…and I’m the only one who gets to touch it. Right Hux? While I’m gone, you won’t let anybody else touch you?” ‘No…’ Hux thought, and on deeper levels added, ‘If I had my way nobody would…’ “You’re mine…” said Ren quietly to himself. Hux peeked through his fingers to see Ren’s hand ghosting over his chest and abdomen. His hand hovered hesitantly over his hipbone, just above the waistband of his fatigue pants. Hux froze. ‘Ren- Kylo, no! You promised! Do it and I’ll shout!’ “I won’t,” sighed Kylo, “I told you I’d stop. I just…I love looking at you. You don’t have any, uh, pictures? One where you’re not scowling. I guess you wouldn’t have any of yourself but, while I’m away, I want one to look at.” ‘No, I don’t.’ “You’re so smooth,” repeated Ren absentmindedly, drawing an arm over Hux before settling next to him. Hux felt the duvet being drawn over them both as Ren whispered to him, “And warm…you fit just right in my arms…the darkness around you…I wish you could feel it Hux, it feels so good. I don’t…I don’t want to leave you. Can’t you come with me?” ‘I can’t. I have to run this ship.’ Ren whimpered against him and squeezed him tightly. Hux sighed and softly called for the lights to shut themselves off. In the dark Ren pressed against him. He whispered again, “Promise I’m the only one. That you’re mine…” ‘Promise…’ “Forever?” whispered Ren, kissing the welt on his neck. Hux pursed his lips, in deeper levels of his mind trying to think of a good answer. Even now with the Supreme Leader making his position perfectly clear, Hux did not have the stomach to say it. Kylo Ren’s plaything, to mark and use, forever. If he did not say something soon though, it might cause an outburst. ‘Don’t bite me again,’ replied Hux, ‘And I’ll think about it.’ Ren buried his face in Hux’s short, red hair and sighed “I said I was sorry…no need to hold it over my head like that.” Hux sighed in turn. Even if he wasn’t an insomniac, he knew there was no way he was going to be able to sleep with Ren tangled around him. Ren’s ship was ready to depart. He was to go alone, with no personal guard or pilot. Nobody had come to see him off. Hux guessed they were either too indifferent, too frightened or too angry with him to bother turning up to say goodbye. Not that he could blame them. Even including skirmishes with the Resistance, the leading cause of damage or injury on the ship, in terms of statistics, was still Kylo Ren. Hux himself would not have turned up if he had not felt obligated by the circumstances he had become caught up in. So Ren stood, in his robes and mask. His ship had been fully serviced, ready for departure. The hold was packed with supplies for the journey. He brought no personal affects, just his weapon. He stood, looking at Hux in the empty hanger. Even without the force, Hux could feel him pining. He deliberately stayed where he was, finding it was a blind spot where security monitors would not see him if Ren decided to become physical with him. “Come with me,” Ren begged quietly. “You know I can’t,” insisted Hux, wishing Ren would just get on with it. He held his hand to his neck self-consciously, looking about one more time to make sure nobody was watching and double checking the camera positions. “Then… be careful. I can still sense them,” said Ren. “I’m insulted,” said Hux, pain in his neck forcing him to be more blunt than usual. The welts had swelled so much he could barely close his collar, “I’m stronger than that.” “I guess…I guess this is it then…” said Ren, moving forward slowly. Hux stayed still and allowed Ren to wrap his arms around him, “Goodbye Hux…” Ren pressed Hux against him and the General sighed. He felt too tired to resist. He was still reeling from the events of the day before. ‘ Continue to amuse him .’ Like he was a toy, a holovid, something to be used to sway a naughty child and then tucked away when it was no longer useful. It was just for a little while more. Ren was leaving for a faraway system. The distance was so great that just going there and back would take three weeks. A minimum of three weeks without being pestered for touches and kisses. Three weeks without the knight’s lustful gaze following him around the ship. Three weeks without worrying about which thoughts he kept on the surface of his mind. Three weeks without having to keep barriers around his mind. Three weeks without worrying if Ren might suddenly snap and their mild trysts would escalate into something more horrible and violent. Three weeks of peace, quiet, solitude, commanding his ship. If only Ren would let go of him and get on his damned vessel. “If someone does…Just…call out for me as loud and as hard as you can. I’ll come back for you. The Supreme Leader…he’ll understand,” muttered Kylo. Hux let out a snort. As if the Supreme Leader would forgive such sentimentality. As if Hux would be incapable of defending himself against some brute with no powers. Kylo let out a keening noise that was distorted by his mask. Was…was Kylo Ren sobbing? Hux tried to pull back, uncomfortable with the larger man’s chest heaving against him sporadically. He had never in his life seen a grown man cry before. Crying was for infants, babies who had not learned to control themselves. More than that, Kylo was crying over him, their separation, the idea of him being hurt while Kylo was unable to protect him. Hux had never witnessed that in another person before. He knew it was just Ren being territorial, not wanting someone else touching what he had marked as his, but to become so overcome with emotion over losing a person or possession was unheard of. And Hux had no idea how to deal with it. “Stop that, you’re a grown man,” he ordered Kylo. The words had the opposite effect. Kylo held him tighter and another high pitched sound escaped the filter of his mask. Hux had never been this close to someone who was crying. The last time had been at a funeral, and the person in question had been several yards away from him. He had never had to personally deal with someone who was crying. He was a General, a sniper, a strategist, he knew nothing about how to comfort or console someone. He’d never had to. He would have to figure it out soon though, the way Ren was holding him aggravated his bruises. “Kylo, you have to stop this,” scolded Hux, “You have a mission.” “Come with me…” he pleaded again. “Kylo…” sighed Hux, annoyed. He heard Kylo sniffle behind the mask, an odd sound to say the least. Hux was not sure where he was looking when he stammered, “If anyone asks…I didn’t cry.” “I’ll tell them you blubbered a river,” said Hux dryly, “Like a baby.” Kylo stiffened slightly before he pulled Hux against him again. The General sighed, “You need to leave…” “Just a little longer…” He had said the same thing when Hux had turned off the alarm that morning. Kylo’s hand went to Hux’s mouth, tracing it with a gloved finger before stroking his cheek. Even with the mask on Hux could tell he was looking for an excuse to stall. Kylo continued trying to give him instructions, “I’ll…I’ll send you messages every day. You should send some back, when you aren’t working. And a picture…if you can find one.” “I’ll keep it in mind,” said Hux awkwardly. “I guess…Goodbye Hux,” said Kylo after a long pause. “Goodbye Kylo,” said Hux. ‘ Continue to amuse him ,’ said Snoke’s voice, still ringing in his memories. Hux reached up. It caught Kylo off guard, but not so much so that he would release his grip on Hux’s hips. Hux put his hands on the side of Ren’s mask. He had seen the knight take it off so often that he was sure he knew exactly how to do it. With a hiss it popped open, ready to be pulled off. Hux lifted it, just enough for Kylo’s mouth to be visible. Hux looked up and ignored the fluttering nerves in his stomach. He ignored the cold numbness of his hands, barely able to hold the mask up. He ignored the fact that he could no longer feel his legs. He looked at Ren’s mouth, let out a few uneasy breaths. He could do this. It was not so difficult a thing. Just another duty he had to attend to, like maintaining an engine or debugging a console… He pressed his lips to Kylo’s and the universe stopped. Hux had never kissed anyone before, not like this. He had no idea what he was doing, or what he was supposed to do. He felt Ren hum against his lips, sending vibrations through them, and shivered when the knight’s hands rubbed his sides encouragingly. Clearly he was doing something right then. He continued to press his mouth to Kylo’s, softly, barely connecting at all. Kylo pressed back, trying to guide him into something deeper, slipping his lower lip between Hux’s lips insistently. He took it in his mouth, not sure what he was supposed to do with it now that it was there. Ren was not pulling back. What did he want? Hux recalled what Ren would do to him and sucked his lip softly, swiping his tongue over it before releasing the knight. Hux lowered the helmet, glad he could not look Ren in the face. He shoved Kylo’s hands off of his sides and turned sharply. “Goodbye Kylo,” he repeated, wiping his mouth. “Hux?” called Ren, sounding dazed and confused. Hux reached the doors and stepped through them quickly, slamming his hand down on the sensor to close them. He closed his eyes tightly as he heard Ren call out more loudly, “Hux!” The doors snapped closed and Hux traced a finger over his lips. What had he done? “So, you fell from a platform?” Captain Phasma looked across the meeting room table at Hux. Hux knew she was being facetious. Anyone with eyes could see the marks and broken skin that outlined where human teeth had been. Hux scrolled through the minutes of the meeting. With Ren gone they had become much less eventful. It was much easier to discuss damage costs with the source of destruction out of the room. “Indeed,” Hux mumbled flippantly. “Sir, I need to ask, as a friend, were you attacked?” asked Phasma. Hux cocked his brow. Friend? He supposed they were friends, after a fashion, though this was the first time either of them had said it out loud. Phasma continued, “I might recommend you keep your sidearm on your person.” “I never keep it with me. You know why I don’t, Captain,” replied Hux. He recalled Phasma scoffing at his lack of armaments when she was first assigned to him. She understood his reasoning, but still thought it was a foolish decision to make. Hux suspected if Phasma’s blaster was taken from her she would feel half dressed. He never saw her without the damned thing. “General, have you sought medical attention?” asked Phasma. She added as a quiet afterthought, “It looks painful.” It was painful. Hux had planned on going to the medical bay, but a sudden problem with their shield generator had required his immediate attention. He sighed, “I’ll go when an opportunity presents itself.” “Consider it presented, sir,” said Phasma forcefully, getting to her feet with a clatter of armour, “I can’t have the General dropping dead because of a gangrenous wound. We’ve run the ship without you before, but I promise, none of us enjoyed it.” “Right, the concussion,” muttered Hux, getting to his feet, “How did you fare anyhow?” “Lieutenant Mitaka had several anxiety attacks, the team cleaning up the chemicals nearly had multiple casualties due to miscommunications, nearly every department slacked off in your absence, Lord Kylo Ren harassed no less than ten archivists asking after protocol manuals…” reported Phasma, “It was chaos and we hated it, sir.” “Goodness gracious,” said Hux softly as Phasma accompanied him out of the room and down the hall. Phasma looked down at him, “Sir, who bit you?” “Nobody, I fell off a platform,” lied Hux. “Was it a fight?” “I told you Captain, I tripped and fell.” “Into a Rancor’s jaws?” asked Phasma sarcastically, “General, I’ve seen active combat. I know defensive marks when I see them. The angle, the scraping, those are signs of a struggle. If you had wanted those marks the punctures would be cleaner. Who bit you?” “Nobody,” said Hux stoically, “I fell off-” “A platform,” finished Phasma with a slightly exasperated groan, “Perhaps if I alerted Sub-Lieutenant Flax she might see to having this particularly treacherous platform quarantined.” “She’s been made aware of it,” said Hux, his tone slightly quieter than before. Phasma nearly faltered. She pressed for information, formulating her question carefully, “And how long exactly has she known about this hazardous area?” “A few days,” replied Hux, regaining what little composure he had lost, “Perhaps longer. She was reviewing security footage and saw me trip.” Phasma seemed to be putting the pieces together. Flax knew about the issue, yet it not only persisted, it had escalated. That meant it was a problem she either did not have the authority to take care of, which was nearly impossible if a General gave her the order to make an arrest. There was only one person on the ship that General Hux did not have the authority to seize, court-martial and punish. “Sir…” said Phasma so shocked and full of pity that it made Hux’s stomach turn. She faltered before thankfully continuing in her usual tone, “They don’t happen often, do they? The accidents.” Hux lowered his voice and put a hand to his face, pretending to scratch his nose. Anyone who watched through security monitors should not be able to read his lips like this, “When he’s...” He couldn’t bring himself to finish. He moved his hand out of the way and continued at his usual tone and pitch, “When I’m having an off day and I lose my footing. Same as everyone else I suppose.” Phasma lowered her voice, “But why biting General? With his mask it seems…” She trailed off. She had probably answered her own question. “I hope you’ll keep this between us, Captain, I can’t have anyone thinking I’m clumsy and incapable,” said Hux insistently. He heard an occasional gasp from Phasma, probably as she made the connections that Hux had allowed her to make. The biting, the fact that it was Ren, the fact that Flax had known, the fact that it had been happening for a long time. Perhaps she had also connected the timing of the bites with Ren’s departure, but that might have been giving her too much credit. Phasma was a good, capable soldier, but she was no detective. Phasma whispered at him sharply, “Sir, stop here for a moment.” Hux paused, noting that they had stopped in a blind spot. Phasma rounded on him, her voice quiet and furious, “Tell me the truth General. I’m head of the First Order’s Stormtroopers. While every ship has its own security detail, we share some of their responsibility. I’ve a right to know if there has been an altercation.” Hux pressed his fingers to his palms. He had laid the groundwork for this. He could tell Phasma. She was trustworthy, she could keep a secret. Yet, to what end would it serve? Once she knew there would be nothing she could do about it. Hux was so deeply involved in this he knew there was no extracting himself from it. All telling Phasma would serve to do was possibly alleviate some of the mental stress of keeping this secret to himself, transferring some of his helplessness and frustration to the Captain. “Do you understand what will happen if word gets out about this?” asked Hux quietly, “That I stood my ground against him, was defeated and…” Hux could not bring himself to finish the sentence. The situation had become so drawn out and complicated there was no longer a single word to describe it. He quickly added, “Do not involve yourself or your troops in this Captain. It would be an exercise in futility. If there was a way to stop this I would have done it already.” Phasma continued, and as she did Hux could have sworn he heard the affront in her tone, “And when, if ever, was I to be made aware of this, General?” “Never…” said Hux trailing off. Now that he had started talking about it he found it very hard to stop giving her details. It had been months, keeping this all to himself, not telling a soul. It felt foolishly liberating. He double-checked the position of the monitors and whispered warningly, “You remember some weeks ago when several officers and crew checked themselves into medical over the course of five days? That was him. That’s what he does when he feels I’m out of line or someone else is getting too close. How do you think it would look to that psychopath if you waltzed up to him and asked him to stop chewing on my throat? He already sees you as a threat, Captain, and I can’t have him attacking our head Stormtrooper. The Order needs you both and I can’t have you incapacitated or you incapacitating him. I hate saying it, but to keep order it’s best to let him have what he wants.” Hux could not read Phasma’s expression behind her helmet. She did not make any noise. If she was anything like him she was probably trying to come to grips with all of the information she had suddenly fallen into. She pressed quietly, “Is that why, apart from this,” she said, nodding her head towards the welts and cuts, “He’s been…calmer?” Hux sighed and wiped his eyes tiredly, “Yes, that’s why. But he’s gone for a minimum of three weeks, so let’s not talk about him anymore. I plan on enjoying this while it lasts.” Phasma gave a nod. Hux continued to walk. She trailed behind him, the clatter of her armour and heavy fall of her boots the only sounds she made. Hux hoped Ren would not hold it against either of them that he had spoken to Phasma. It had felt…good. Liberating. He was glad to have a confidant, someone who might commiserate with him in his ordeal. He found himself wanting to say more. He wanted to tell her about that first time, when Ren had held him in place and started touching him, about the second when Ren forced him to relive the assault, how they had come to their bargain, all the little details and discoveries he had made about the inner workings of Ren’s mind. He wanted to let it all out. “Sir, medical is this way,” said Phasma. Hux turned around and saw her pointing with her blaster down a corridor. Hux looked at the signs. He had been so lost in thought he had not noticed, “So it is.” “How much have you slept in the last few days, General?” asked Phasma. His last full night’s sleep had been the first time Ren had shared his bed. Hux gave an indifferent shrug, “I sleep enough.” Phasma let out an audible sigh and jerked her head towards the corridor, “Go have your neck looked at. I never want to deal with you out of commission again.” Hux snorted, “Careful Captain, that’s close to insubordination.” “I might direct part of that comment back at you,” said Phasma as he passed. She added quietly, “I trust your judgement, but be careful.” “I’m always careful,” protested Hux, over his shoulder. “Obviously not, given the nasty fall you took from that platform,” said Phasma. Hux sighed as she walked off. Phasma always had to have the last word… Bonus Stupidity Anorlost looked up from her monitor at the readers. She gave an apologetic look before pointing at the notes, "Sorry guys, I'm swamped...I just don't think I can make one for this chapter." "Ha, pathetic." General Hux strode in and glared down at the author, who enjoyed likening herself to a chubby gremlin. He arched his brow, "You made a promise, a commitment, and now you're shirking your duty. I have nothing but contempt for your ilk." "I can't help it! I have my hands full with hive-minds, selkies, high school drama and gay vampires. Gay vampires!" exclaimed Anorlost. "That's no excuse. See to it that this is the final time you neglect the bonus stupidity and your faithful readers!" scolded Hux. Anorlost pouted up at him, "You know, I forgot what a massive dick you are in the canon universe..." Hux turned on his heels and growled, "Yes, there's an awful lot of that going on in this 'archive' isn't there? Chapter 18 : I'll let you come for some (knock knock knock) Notes: So...TRIGGER WARNING TRIGGER WARNING TRIGGER WARNING!!! This next chapter contains noncon of a fairly explicit nature. One character demands sex from another, but the other dissuades them, offering a handjob instead. Noncon because despite giving verbal consent and suggesting the alternative, the character in question isn't allowed to choose walking away from the situation. Big thanks to Murasaki99 for beta reading. She's a really creative author in her own right so please check out her work. Hux received regular correspondence from Ren. Mostly lovesick drivel about how badly he missed his touch, his scent. Hux had let out an audible grunt of disgust when he read the first message, practically hearing Ren’s voice blubbering, ‘It’s only been a few hours but I already can’t stand being without you.’ How insufferably weak of him. It was hard to believe the same man had stormed the New Republic’s flagship and massacred everyone who stood in his way. Hux had half a mind to send copies of Ren’s love-letters to General Nohr to show him just what sort of man he had allowed himself to be defeated by. The absolute worst part had to be Ren’s poetry. It had started with his third message, in which Ren’s vocabulary had inexplicably become more flowery. In the next letter, Hux found there was a wretched little poem attached to the end of it. The sun is hot, the sky is clear, I wish you could be, beside me here. Hux had written that he was glad to receive it, and had to take hours of mental preparation before he could bring himself to add, ‘it was almost tolerable.’ He also added that he did not require any more, but that did not stop Ren from writing them. It was full of the worst schmaltz outside of a pre-teen linguistics class. He wrote about Hux being an angel, how he was haunted by the memory of the kiss he never should have given and how it might become a scar, how he was in agony, and probably the worst, how Hux’s skin was nothing like sand, going into incredibly graphic descriptions of how soft it was and all the ways he liked to touch it. Hux was incredibly tempted to smash his datapad against the wall by the end of it. It was all he could do not to write a string of curses followed by, ‘never contact me again.’ He kept his comments free of most of his usual salt. For the most part. Every so often he could not resist a jab, especially after that awful sand poem. Then he received the message he had been dreading. Ren had accomplished his mission. He would be back in a week and a half. It had been nice while it lasted, Hux thought to himself. As for his own mission he was not sure if he could say he had made much progress. A few long-abandoned Resistance hideouts or bases had been discovered. Nearby residents had been questioned. With Hosnian negotiations still going on he was not allowed to interrogate possible witnesses as thoroughly as he would have liked. They might have to backtrack if and when they received the right to bring witnesses in for questioning as they would have in a system controlled by the First Order. Every new base lead to a new set of breadcrumbs to follow. Nothing as useful as a map showing all Resistance activity in the area, but something small, that might have been easily overlooked, providing the smallest of hints regarding other bases. Mementos, scraps from rations, graffiti scribbled in moments of boredom, little things that gave anyone trained in deduction a reasonable idea about where to begin the next search. What interested Hux was that all of these places seemed to have been abandoned for a long time, a few months at least, all looking as if everyone had left in great haste. They must have all fled either upon hearing rumors that the First Order would pursue them into Hosnian territory, or after, or upon hearing about General Nohr’s surrender. The former interested Hux much more than the latter. As far as the New Republic seemed to have been concerned, the First Order was the remnants of a shattered Empire, headed by entitled children playing war games. In other words, the First Order had been drastically underestimated. So why had some of the bases been abandoned before the battle? It was as if someone had predicted the outcome and sent warning. But if the New Republic was such an important ally, why had the Resistance made a retreat instead of joining the fray… …unless they were regrouping. As soon as Hux had an inkling of a suspicion he had sent word to Tarkin and Sirus, still on Hosnia Prime hammering out the terms and conditions of the First Order’s access to the system. If he was leading the Resistance, the first thing he would do was regroup his forces and prepare surprise guerrilla attacks, like the one in the asteroid field, where he would have the most advantage with smaller, more manoeuvrable craft. Secondly, he would send an assassin after the two most prolific enemies in the area, who also happened to be surrounded by allied forces. It was more underhanded and cruel than the Resistance tended to be, but it was still a possibility. In addition to finding more bases, Hux had instructed his crew to keep an eye out for suspicious activities, possible enemies who might have slipped on a uniform or suit of armour to blend in and spy on them during the battle. Nothing had been found in a little over a month, but it was still a possibility. Hux also stipulated that radar operators and technicians especially be on the lookout for signs of enemy ships. If they had been rallying for an attack of their own, Hux wanted to know about it sooner rather than later. As for more personal matters, he had been much more content. After visiting the medical bay, and taking some pains to convince them he had not nearly been devoured by one of the creatures in the trash compactor, the welts and cuts had gone away. The bruises lingered a little longer, but after five or six days and plenty of bacta treatments, his skin was back to being as pale and blemish-free as it had always been. His sleep cycle improved slightly, the odd nightmare aside, and not having to constantly keep his guard up made him feel more active and refreshed. More importantly, nobody had said anything. Phasma had not continued to press him for details, but Hux immediately noticed that she had made herself much more available to him. He almost always saw her in the training rooms during his usual timeslot there, even though she had never been there before. From time to time she made subtle corrections to his form, particularly where self defense was concerned, and suggested a few alterations to his regimen, with things that might help in the impossible task of building muscle on his lanky body. He also spotted her in the officer’s lounge. On one hand, Hux was slightly flattered by the concern Phasma showed him, but on the other hand she had revealed to him a vulnerability that he had never considered. He had a clockwork schedule when he was off duty, and it would make him incredibly easy to ambush and attack. He would have to put a stop to that as soon as possible. Phasma looked over at him and lazily stirred a glass of whisky and ice, “You always drink blue milk.” Hux glanced down at the beverage and shrugged, “I don’t like being impared. If something goes wrong I want to be at full capacity to do whatever might be asked of me.” “But you got drunk on the Helden,” observed Phasma, “Which is understandable given the blow you struck to the Republic. Must have been some victory party.” Hux pursed his lips and clenched the glass. Phasma took note immediately. He had not meant to signal her in any way but she picked up on his discomfort, “Sir…did he…?” “I have this…deal with him…if he cooperates I do favors and…” Hux took a sip to calm his nerves, “It was just business. I don’t like it but…” He looked over at Phasma, ashamed, but he felt he needed to tell someone, “I think he drugged me. With pyx root.” Phasma’s eyes widened at the word. Hux was not sure if the Stormtrooper trainees had the same problem where girls especially were encouraged to watch drinks and stay in groups when on leave in case someone slipped a little of the drug into their drinks. There were always warnings and buletins, especially after any form of break or reprieve. She looked at him worriedly, “Are you certain?” “I can’t really recall. I remember handing Tarkin a box and then I woke up in bed with Ren,” said Hux. He sighed, “He said he didn’t do anything but I have no idea how they slipped the drugs in my drink. I don’t remember if I drank something they didn’t. I usually remember everything but most of that night is a haze…” “Sir…that sounds like pyx root,” said Phasma, “Is there anything you can do to end this?” “I’ve been trying to think…I can’t use my rank, for whatever Force-centric reason the Supreme Leader won’t discourage Ren’s actions. He’s stronger than I am, he can take whatever he wants and I can’t think of a single thing that I can do about it,” said Hux, growling in frustration towards the end, “I can minimize the damage but I can’t stop it.” “Every man and woman under your command is ready and willing to protect you,” Phasma reminded him. Hux smiled slightly at that. It was a comfort to hear it, but it was impossible. They needed Ren. As much as Hux would have loved to order the full force of the First Order upon him, they needed the knight and his strength and the approval of his master. Besides, even if Ren was subdued, how many lives would it cost? Lives that he, as a General, was responsible for. Casualties would always happen in war, but Hux couldn’t justify losing valuable lives over something as trite and inconsequential as Ren’s unwanted infatuation. “That isn’t the cause they enlisted to fight and die for,” said Hux, “As much as I appreciate it, I’d rather have them fight to bring glory to the Order, not sweep in to rescue me like some helpless damsel.” “Then what will you do, sir?” asked Phasma, “I’ll support your decision as I’ve always done, though I might not agree with you.” “You rarely do agree with me, do you?” observed Hux. More than Ren, he and Phasma were frequently at odds over training and various operations, but they were always civil and respectful. Sometimes it was enough to make him forget how often their views conflicted. Hux stayed firm though, “I’ll figure something out, and I’ll try not to involve the crew.” “I would say ‘very good,’ sir, but this doesn’t sit right with me…” muttered Phasma. Flax continued to mind her own business, and eventually the rumours of a mysterious lover died down. All just in time for Kylo fucking Ren to return, Hux thought to himself. He really had enjoyed his reprieve while it had lasted. He waited in the hanger for Ren to return. Unlike last time there were some mechanics waiting to service the ship when it returned. Hux stood where he had been before, out of the view of cameras, just in case, as he waited for Ren to land his ship. Ren did so, clumsily, hastily, the gangplank deploying within milliseconds of the landing gear touching the hanger floor. Hux braced himself, watching the mechanics and wondering if he ought to have dismissed them. No, that would have been too suspicious. Ren descended. Hux noticed a small pouch hanging from his belt that had not been there before. Ren strode towards him at such a quick pace that Hux needed to prevent himself from taking a step back. His tall, broad body shielding Hux from anyone who might be watching, Ren seized him by the upper arm and continued marching towards the door. Hux pulled his arm away indignantly, “I don’t care how long you’ve been away, don’t touch me.” Ren growled at him and took his arm again, “I can’t wait. Move. In here.” Before Hux knew what was happening he was dragged out of the blast doors, into the hallway, and thrust into a closet. Immediately the smell of cleaning chemicals and machine oils was overwhelming. While he was disoriented, his eyes trying to adjust to the pitch darkness he heard Ren’s helmet come off and a pair of gloved hands pin his wrists beside his head. Ren likely meant to kiss his lips, but caught his ear in the confusing darkness instead. Deciding to improvise with this he whispered urgently, “Straps? Are you wearing them?” “Of course I’m wearing them!” snapped Hux, planting his boot firmly into Ren’s gut and shoving him hard enough that he fell back against the wall of the closet. Ren was undeterred and charged him again, growling, “I don’t have time for those. I told you not to wear them when I came back!” “They’re part of my uniform. I’m on duty so I’m wearing them,” Hux growled back, wrenching Ren’s face away and planting a fist against Ren’s armoured side. Bad idea. His knuckles were going to bruise for certain. He reached for the door and was caught again. Hux shouted, “Ren, you will let me out of this damned closet this instant!” Then Hux found himself slammed into the wall. He felt pressure on his wrists and ankles. He snarled, “Kylo, don’t you dare…” “We’ve been apart for one month, two weeks and three days, I think that warrants bending the rules, General ,” said Ren, spitting Hux’s title as if it were the dirtiest word in the universal language, “Do you know why there are so many damned supply closets on these ships?” “For supplies?” suggested Hux furiously, trying to pull his arms free from their invisible bonds. He knew what they had been used for in the Academy, but surely his crew had grown out of that by now… “No,” growled Ren, his voice teetering on the edge of becoming a purr. He slammed his body against Hux’s, grinding against him, “For illicit fucking !” Hux froze. Ren did not say fucking. Kylo Ren always used a vague euphemism and stammered like a thirteen year old boy. He had never flat out used words like ‘sex’ or ‘fuck.’ The same thought seemed to have crossed Ren’s mind. Hux was confident, if the lights were on, he would have seen a look of realization on the other man’s face, like a set of floodgates had opened. Ren paused for a moment before repeating more ferociously, “They’re for fucking , Hux. And I’m going to fuck you senseless.” Hux felt a feeling of panic rise in his stomach. No. Not now. Not like this. Not without his permission. Not in a damned closet. He barked back at Ren, “Absolutely not! You will get off me, give me your report, then if you’re lucky I’ll allow you to discuss-” His arms were pulled up over his head, so high he was forced to stand with his back flush against the wall. It was so forceful that Hux was cut off mid-sentence and struggled to get his wind back. The clasps on his tunic were pulled apart and stripped away unceremoniously while Ren unfastened the belt with his hands. Hux cried out as Ren pulled at his jodhpurs, “Stop it! I didn’t say you could do that! Sto-!” A hand shot up between Hux’s teeth, muffling his protests. Ren growled out, “I’ve spent so much time thinking about this…I’m not letting you get away from me this time Hux.” He was panting, livid, almost feral, “Missed you so much…your smell…your skin…I’m going to fuck you…make you come for me again…” Hux had anticipated Ren being desperate for attention upon his return. He had not, on the other hand, anticipated that Ren would have devoted a decent amount of time to plotting what he would do, how he would do it, and a location that he could use. To top it all off, Hux had not expected Ren to shove him in a closet, pin him down and start rutting against his leg. Hux squirmed, that was all he could do with his arms and legs restrained. Ren had probably planned that out as well. Once his jodhpurs were around his knees, Ren grabbed Hux’s shirt by the front and wrenched it upward. Hux snarled around the hand in his mouth as the shirt was pulled from the clips of his straps, which snapped back painfully against his thighs. Feeling the lingering sting he knew at least one of the metal clips had cut into his leg on its way down. Ren either ignored it or did not care, kissing and biting at Hux’s collar bone as, from the sounds of it, he fumbled to get his own clothes off. All the while Hux was shouting with his thoughts, desperate to make Ren stop. It was having no effect and Hux was trying to figure out why. Had Ren discovered a technique or object that could block him? Or had…had he stopped reading his thoughts altogether? Hux was not Force-sensitive. He could not project his thoughts into Ren’s mind, he could only try to filter which ones the knight had access to. If Ren was not probing his mind at all, there was nothing Hux could do. It would be like screaming at a deaf person. The one time he would not have minded Kylo Ren having a peek at his mind and the man had closed himself off. There had to be something Ren had not accounted for. There had to be some opening Hux could exploit. But being suspended like this, half-naked, Ren grinding against him, hands roaming wherever they pleased, there seemed to be nothing. He kept gnawing on Ren’s gloved hand. Perhaps if he could break a bone or two the knight might be stunned into releasing him. Suddenly Ren paused. Hux continued to pant in exhaustion and growl his displeasure. He heard a smile in Ren’s voice as he whispered, “Shh…do you hear that?” Ren kissed his cheek as Hux listened and stiffened. He heard footsteps. Heavy ones. Two sets, definitely. Stormtroopers by the sounds of them. He could feel Ren smile against his skin, now at the base of his neck, “If you don’t want them finding us, you’ll have to stay very still and quiet…” That was when Ren palmed him through his underwear. Hux let out an uncharacteristic shriek and tried to jerk away. It felt…he had never felt anything like that before. Someone else’s hand, a very much unwanted hand, gently rubbing one of the most sensitive parts of his anatomy. He hated it. It was humiliating. He moaned loudly and could not comprehend why. Ren sounded on the verge of laughing as he continued to whisper, “Shh…shh…you need to be quiet. Hold still or they might find us. Shh…” Ren removed his hand from Hux and replaced it with his hips, grinding against Hux again roughly. He moved his hand to Hux’s backside and forced him to reciprocate. All the while Ren shushed him patronizingly between groans of pleasure. If Ren’s other hand had not been in his mouth Hux would have broken down begging for it all to stop. He did not want to be touched like this. He did not want to be found out. He heard the footsteps growing closer and Ren becoming harder as he rutted against him. Between both of those nightmarish sensations Hux felt himself being thrown into a full on panic. Ren let go of his hips and slipped his fingertips under the band on his underwear. Hux screamed for the first time in twenty seven years. An armoured hand knocked on the door. Ren stopped and Hux stilled, panting and trying not to lose his mind quantifying the sensations shooting through his body and wondering what he would do if he was discovered. He would need to silence whoever it was, probably kill them to make sure they stayed silent. Hux did not want to be seen like this. He had worked hard to maintain his indomitable appearance and now it had literally been stripped away from him. There was a knock again, Hux noted that it was rhythmic. Tone, tone, semi-tone, semi-tone, tone. One of Ren’s hands pulled away and knocked twice, deliberately, finishing the pattern. Hux felt Ren’s tongue on his clavicle and could not help crying out in surprise, disgust and unwanted pleasure. He heard low laughter outside and a soft whistle before the footsteps resumed. “Told you,” whispered Ren, panting into Hux’s ear, “They’re for fucking.” Hux would later wonder how his crew had developed a secret code for inquiring if someone was using supply closets for something other than their intended purpose right under his nose. Later he would issue a reminder that supply closets, despite Ren’s insistence, were not for secret rendezvous. For now though he had to find a way to get Ren’s attention. Focusing his thoughts was not working, biting was not working, shouting and screaming was not working. How could he get Ren’s attention? And once he had it, how could he make the lust-crazed maniac stop his assault? Hux had an idea. He hated the idea, but if he wanted to get out of the closet with his mind and last shred of dignity intact, this was probably the only way he could do it. He let his body go slack, forcing himself to relax. He still instinctively squirmed and jerked at Ren’s touch, occasionally gasping and whimpering when his hands dipped too low for Hux’s comfort. Pushing Ren’s hand with his tongue he unclamped the hand from his jaws, trying to gingerly push it from between his teeth. Ren paused, confused by Hux’s sudden disinterest with struggling. The General was coming to the slow, creeping realization that Ren must have deluded himself into thinking his fighting had been an act the whole time. He slowly pulled the glove from Hux’s mouth, leaving trails of saliva down Hux’s chin. Both men panted, Hux from exhaustion and nerves and Ren from arousal. “Don’t…don’t you ever do that to me again,” said Hux in a low, dark tone. “I was only teasing. I wouldn’t have let them see you,” panted Ren dismissively, kissing Hux’s cheek again. He pulled back as Hux shook him off, snapping his teeth at him. “I mean it!” snarled Hux, “Never! You will never put me through that again!” “Alright, alright,” said Ren urgently. Hux felt the knight’s hands on his hips as Ren pulled their bodies together again, “Just…can we talk about that later? I’m…I’m really…I need to…” At least his sudden boldness had passed. In the meantime the knight’s breath was coming out in ragged, moaning gasps as he pressed himself against Hux desperately. He pleaded softly, “Please…it’s been so long and I’m…please…?” “That’s for me to decide, remember?” said Hux sharply, turning away from Ren’s heated breath, “I don’t want that. Not yet. Especially not after…that.” “Please,” repeated Ren more insistently, “I haven’t touched you in over a month-” “I know,” said Hux, trying his best to keep himself from snarling. It was clear that Ren was not going to let him go without some form of release. If he did not give it, Ren would take it. Hux said more quietly, “Let me go and I’ll…I’ll take care of it for you.” Hux felt the Force restraints at his wrists and ankles falter for a moment. Ren’s hands slid up over Hux’s chest, eliciting a hiss from the slighter man. Hux could only hope that Ren would accept it. He did not want to be fucked, and he especially did not want to be fucked by Kylo Ren in a supply closet. Ren’s hips stilled slightly as whispered, “Have you ever done it before?” “No…” admitted Hux, not in any sort of humor to correct Ren’s euphemism. “But you want to?” asked Ren, the excitement in his voice seeping through his cautious whisper, “You want to touch me?” Hux paused, screwing his courage before replying, “Yes, but let me keep my gloves on, and promise never to…to do that to me again…” “The teasing or the-” “All of it!” snapped Hux. The knight paused before replying, “Alright, I promise. Come here, let me show you how…” Ren dropped him and Hux’s arms fell to his sides. He fought the urge to cover himself as Ren reached out, groping for his hand in the dark. Finding his wrist, Hux felt himself being guided towards Ren, his hand being pressed flat against the knight’s stomach. It felt bare, warm and solid under his gloves. Hux heard more fasteners being undone before Ren pulled on his wrist. The knight’s voice was ragged again, “Okay…slide your hand down…” Hux pursed his lips and screwed his eyes shut. He never had a problem with disections in science classes or handling a fresh corpse into a less conspicuous position, but this was disgusting. Handling another man’s… He could feel it through his gloves as his hand slid downwards towards its goal, hearing the sickening crunch of his glove sliding through a mess of pubic hair. He flinched when he felt the damned thing moving and pulsing. Ren moaned and held his hand in place. It just added to how disgusting this whole situation was. Ren was so wretchedly desperate and eager, with absolutely no control over his body and urges. He was no better than an animal. Some non-sentient being that lived for eating and reproducing. He pressed Hux’s fist against him, whining in desperation. Pathetic. But if Ren was pathetic…what did that make…? No, don’t think about it , Hux commanded himself. He would grant himself the luxury of introspection when this had passed. “T-Take it in your hand…” said Ren, his words were that of a command but his voice carried the desperation of a begger, “Open your fingers…” Hux momentarily debated doing the worst he possibly could, thinking that if he performed poorly, Ren would lose interest. The more likely result though would be Ren losing his temper in his desperation and doing something Hux would regret immensely. It would be best, for now, to follow orders, do this as quickly, dispassionately and efficiently as he could so the damned knight would let him go. Hux could feel his clothes hanging off of him, bunched and shoved aside awkwardly. He guessed he would need to finish with Ren before he would be allowed to rearrange them more comfortably. He opened his hand and closed it around the waiting organ. It was hot under his glove and Hux resisted a cry of disgust. Thankfully he could not feel the texture, but it was simultaneously hard and plush. Then there was the pulsing on top of all that. It was like the damned thing had a mind of its own. It probably did, with the way Ren let it do its thinking for him. Hux tried to think of this more clinically. He thought back to health classes, recalling all of the proper names for all of the parts he was touching. It would be like labeling a diagram, and when his assignment was finished, he would be allowed to leave… It was much easier to concentrate without Ren touching him. He had not given up all contact, he still had Hux by the wrist, breathing raggedly against his ear and stroking his cheek and hair. Perhaps the knight thought he was being encouraging. Hux willed himself to think about his task. He just had to do it and he could leave. The sooner it was over the sooner he could go. “You have to move your hand Hux…” said Ren, somewhere between annoyed and desperate. Hux kept his eyes clenched shut despite being in full darkness. He moved his hand, recalling the names of all the parts. He was sliding his hand up and down Ren’s- the penis itself. Inside that was the urethra, corpora spongiosum, and corpora cavernosa. He thought about the diagrams and the shape of each section. It was like he was performing a mental dissection, though if he thought for a moment he could get away with it, he would much rather perform a real one. On Ren. Right now. No anesthesia. He visualized it, cutting his penis open and neatly labeling all the parts. “Oh…that’s good…” panted Ren, “You’re doing so good…” This was good? Hux had always found it annoying. He took no pleasure in it. What was more, he was wearing leather gloves. They were not work gloves with bumps that would catch on tools and give him a better grip, but they would hardly slip over a surface with ease. Ren had readily agreed, so this could not be hurting him, but it still seemed a strange thing to be moaning about. “The tip…touch it. The underside…oh, right there…so good…” Ren panted. He had moved his hand away from Hux’s face and placed it against the wall behind him. His hips were thrusting shallowly into Hux’s hand. He wondered… Hux opened his hand completely and Ren whined. Hux found he quite liked that sound. After the hell he had been put through, nearly being discovered, he had earned some payback. This was all he could do, really, and he would have to continue if he did not want Ren to use a different part of his body to pleasure himself, but for now, this was incredibly satisfying. “Don’t tease…” Ren pleaded. “Why? You terrified me,” said Hux as stoically as he could, “I thought I was going to be disgraced Ren.” “I’d never…Hux, please…please…” begged Ren. He was pathetic, and while Hux got no sexual gratification from it, feeling in control again felt so damned good. He was nearly in command again, almost, so close he could taste it. He impassively closed his hand, trailing his fingers down to Ren- along the glans penis and over the pepuce. He drew his thumb over the urethral opening and Ren pressed against him closer. “You are not ejaculating on me,” growled Hux. “I won’t…I won’t I promise…” Ren nearly sobbed. Disgusting. They were both disgusting. Hux continued to grope at it when one of his fingers brushed against the scrotum. Ren seemed to have some sort of response to that, “D-Do that again…” “You’ll leave me alone after this?” said Hux bitterly. “What?” asked Ren. “If I touch you the way you want, how long will you leave me alone?” demanded Hux, stilling his movements. “Hux…” whined Ren, “Just got back…missed you so much…please…you said you would. I promised so…please…” It seemed they were both pathetic too, though the way Ren begged made Hux feel less so. Hux moved his hand and Ren moaned like an animal in heat. It struck him that Ren was much quieter than he was. Hux was vocal when he was nervous or felt threatened, and he knew that probably had a lot to do with all the noise he had been making on the Helden when Ren was touching him, but he was surprised that between the two of them, the impulsive, beast-like Ren was quite and Hux, normally more reserved, howled and mewled like some inhuman creature. It was curious, but not curious enough to distract him from the hot, throbbing object in his hand. Hux kept his thought on the parts. Penis, the corpori, pepuce, glans penis, scrotum, testicles, trying to pretend the throbbing thing was a subject laid out on a lab table and he was pinning it down to cut up later, studying it before taking it apart. He was not pleasuring anybody, he was plotting out where he ought to make his incisions and the best way to cut it open without causing too much unnecessary damage to the specimine. He willed himself not to think of who it belonged to or the things the owner wanted to do with it. Hux growled, “Turn yourself. I don’t want your semen on me.” Ren obeyed, which was a rare thing, but as the reality of the situation, that this was just an illusion of control, was starting to make itself apparent. Hux was not controlling Ren. At any second, the knight was fully capable of reversing their situations. Hux had tricked him, stalled him, reduced him to nothing but a rutting, moaning animal, but he was not in control, not really. If he was he never would have gotten himself shoved in the damned closet in the first place. The knight shuddered and finished. Hux tried to pull back immediately but Ren clamped a hand over his, forcing his fingers to stay shut around his organ and move back and forth at a faster pace. Hux nearly gagged as he felt the thing go soft in his grasp, shrinking, and a splat of fluids hitting the wall and floor beside him. Ren leaned against him, panting, still not releasing his hand. He placed sloppy kisses to Hux’s cheek and neck, despite the General trying to shove his face away. “Kylo, no.” “It was good…for your first time that was really good,” sighed Ren, ignoring him, “Though I could have done without that…that bit of sadism…” “Turn on the light. I want to get dressed and leave,” ordered Hux quietly. “I need a minute…just a minute to rest…” panted Ren contentedly, nuzzling against Hux. “You can rest, but I want to go,” said the General. “No…just…just stay a little while…” begged Ren. Hux felt a set of fingers settle over his neck, massaging small circles into it with his fingertips. Was this…a loving or threatening gesture? He had no idea how to tell the difference with Ren. It might have been meant to reassure him, but it might have been a promise to do violence if he moved. Maybe it was both. Hux growled his displeasure and reached his free hand around to try to find a control panel to at least turn the lights on. He doubted he would enjoy what he saw but he needed to get his clothing sorted and redress himself. Not finding anything he did his best to relax against the wall and wait for all this to be over. Ren gave him a final kiss and retracted the hand around his throat. Hux sighed with relief and the lights came on. He blinked at the sudden change and it took a moment for his eyes to adjust to the sudden brightness. Looking about he found his hypothesis had been correct. He did not like what he saw. He ignored Ren panting next to him, the white, viscus fluid splattered the wall, shelves and the floor. Knowing it would disgust him, Hux glanced at Ren’s crotch, where his gloved hand was still held tightly. He bit his cheek to keep from grimacing. Ren’s penis was soft and limp, the tip hanging lifelessly like fish that had just been removed from a hook and had its brain dashed out against nearby rocks. Their hands were both covered in the knight’s semen and Hux nearly gagged at the sight. “Let go,” said Hux firmly. Now that he could see everything he felt different. He felt…violated. That made no sense, it was just his hand, and though Ren had been keeping him in place, Hux had been the one performing the sexual acts. It could not possibly count as assault if he was the one stimulating Ren… …could it? No, it didn’t. It didn’t count. It couldn’t. If it did than it would be too… Ren let go and Hux pulled his hand away. He looked at it, dripping, disgusting. He needed to get the glove off before he could start dressing himself again, but he was not sure how to get it off of him. The gloves were probably ruined, there was no getting around that, but at least they had spared him from having to make direct skin to skin contact with Ren. He drew his left hand up, gingerly tugging at the fingertips on the soiled glover, trying to ease it off without touching too much of Ren’s fluids. His hands were shaking again, and only got worse as the glove refused to come off. Hux could not understand why this bothered him so much. Just a few moments ago he had felt powerful again and now he felt so…used. But that was not right. It was just his hand. His virginity, for what little it mattered to Hux, was still intact. Ren had not changed him. He still had the same genetic code, was made up of the same hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen and carbon, and still held his rank. Ren had not hurt him, aside from a scratch on his leg. He should not feel like this. He should be proud he found a way out of the situation and figured out a way to gain some leverage. If Ren came at him, he might be able to do this to keep the knight’s passions in check. He could withhold it if Ren got out of hand. The knight could hold him down and force him to lie still, but if he wanted any active participation, he would have to be a bit more willing to listen. Hux willed himself to think about that, but his hands still shook. “Here,” said Ren softly. He took Hux’s cleaner left hand and pulled the glove off of his hand. It was a strangely kind gesture. He took the other one as well and Hux immediately moved to cover himself up, refastening straps and clips, pulling up his Jodhpurs, buckling belts… “Do you want me to get rid of them for you?” asked Ren quietly. Hux could see him still holding the soiled gloves in his hand, “I don’t mind.” The gloves were standard issue, tailored to fit his hand, but nobody ought to be able to tell who they belonged to just from a glance. If someone saw Ren with the gloves nobody should suspect they belonged to General Hux. Hux finished refitting his clothes and replied, “Yes.” “Okay,” said Ren, speaking softly, barely above a whisper. Hux glared at him, “If you ever want that to happen again, you will never, ever, nearly expose me to my subordinates again.” He knew it was too much to ask that the knight stop touching him or leave him alone for an extended period of time. By now he knew Ren better than that. However if he could manage other things, it would make the situation more workable. “I wouldn’t have,” Ren began to protest. Hux glared at him more intensely. The knight looked down at the gloves and sighed, “I won’t…” “Good,” said Hux, clenching his bare fists and finding he disliked the feeling. He heard a tone coming from his datapad. He took it out and looked at it, growling, “I have a meeting on the other end of the ship in five minutes. I’m going to be late thanks to this.” “I didn’t mean to make you angry, I thought you’d miss me,” said Ren. It took every ounce of restraint Hux had to keep himself from howling with laughter at that. Missing Ren. As if he would ever do such a thing. He continued to growl, “I’ll have your report later. I mean it Kylo, never again. Never.” “I won’t,” repeated Kylo, sounding slightly more irate. Hux brushed by him to get out. Ren caught him by the arm and kissed his cheek, “I’ll make it up to you.” Hux ripped his arm away, “You can start by letting go and not making me any later than you already have.” Bonus Stupidity Sanitation trooper HE-1216 went to retrieve the cleaning fluid from the supply closet. To his chagrin, he heard the unwelcome sound of moaning. Already having had a hard enough day of cleaning several toilets, HE-1216 was hardly in any sort of mood to wait for whoever was inside to finish. He had a crappy job and he wanted to get it over and done with. He was shocked when he found the ship's co-commander, Kylo Ren inside. "Sir!?" He cried out in alarm. He looked at the other man in the closet, half dressed and with an unmistakable shock of red hair, "Is…is that the General!?" "No…" Ren began, waving his hand as he thought, "It's…your mom!" After a second glance the sanitation trooper saw that Kylo Ren was, in fact, with his mom, "Mommy!?" "Yeah, which makes me your new dad…good talk son," said Ren, shutting the supply closet door. Chapter 19 : A Troubled Mind, Sharper'd, Know The Rest Notes: I feel like I really need to stress that Kylo Ren is a very unreliable narrator. Kylo Ren is a very unreliable narrator. I said I'd update two fics this evening, but life happened, in a good way for once. One of my IRL friends picked me up after work to play Undertale and to go on a Pokémon hunt (I hatched a Charmander, caught two Jynx, and evolved a Dritini). I've also been working on my Halloween costume. So, sorry, but I'll have to update the last one tomorrow. I'll try to keep updates regular though! Thanks again to Murasaki99 for editing. Please check out her writing here on A03 and her art on Tumblr!!! It took a few hours to stop thinking about what he had done. Even when he had stopped actively thinking about it, the feel of warmth seeping through his gloves, the weight of it, that sickening feeling of Ren softening in his grip. As upsetting as it was, it could have ended much worse, and Hux tried to focus on that. He had taken control of the situation and found a new form of leverage. There was little he could do to stop Ren from touching him, but if the knight wanted a willing participant he would have to be a little more obedient. Hux was self-conscious about his ungloved hands, and wondered if the crew was observant enough to notice their absence. It was not such a strange thing, Hux convinced himself, clothing got worn out, torn, sometimes without much warning. Still, he would not have time to return to his quarters to retrieve a spares, so he would have to spend the rest of the day with his hands feeling strangely exposed. It was certainly better than carrying around semen-caked gloves in his pocket trying to think of a discreet way to dispose of them. Hux was glad Ren had volunteered himself for that task. He concentrated on the pain in his thigh. Ren accidentally cutting him with the clip had become a mixed blessing. Hux hated the circumstances in which he had been injured, but the sting gave him something to focus on and took his mind off of the ghost of imagined heat that still played in his palm. Every time he thought about what had happened he would think about the pain and any distracting emotions he was experiencing would go away. There would be no ignoring it when he had to meet with Ren again. The knight still had to relay the particulars of his mission. Hux was not looking forward to being alone in a conference room with Ren. They had just reached another level of intimacy so no doubt Ren would want to hang all over him again, showering him with kisses and feather light touches as a ‘reward’ for his compliance. Hux entered the conference room and was grateful not to have been pounced on. Ren made no move to rise up from his seat when he entered the room. He was also still masked, thank goodness, that meant no kisses for the time being. “So,” Hux began haughtily, “Your mission was a success?” “In more ways than I imagined it would be,” said Ren in such a satisfied way that it made Hux want to plant the heel of his boot into Ren’s mask. “Is there anything I ought to be made aware of?” asked Hux. “In terms of your task, no,” said Ren simply. Hux nodded and reached for the panel to leave when Ren said, “But, all that time in the shuttle gave me time to train. I think I’ve stopped projecting thoughts.” Hux turned and crossed his arms over his chest. He had guessed as much already but rhetorically asked, “Have you now?” “It was never something I needed to be concerned about. Nobody seemed to notice, and if they did it was no concern of mine,” said Ren flippantly, “So you don’t have to worry about my thoughts or feelings or sensations. I thought about it and…it must have been disorienting. I didn’t mean to do that to you.” Hux sighed as Ren continued, “And I bit you. I don’t regret it, but you seemed to be in a lot of pain. And before, in the closet, I was excited, I didn’t mean to treat you so harshly. It seems I’ve caused you a great deal of pain as of late.” That was the understatement of the millennium. Ren had mentally and physically violated him, made him bleed, played a terrifying joke on him and almost rap-…Hux pushed the thought from his mind. He did not respond to Ren. He did not know if he ought to thank him for finally showing a little genuine empathy and understanding, or slap him across the face for being such an idiot to begin with. Thinking strategically the former was for the best. If he wanted Ren to continue thinking empathically than he ought to show some positive reinforcement. “Thank you,” Hux mutter quietly, “I’m glad you can see that now.” “So I’ve arranged for you to have a day off.” Hux stared up sharply. He only took leave when his health demanded it. He did not have the time to take a personal day because Ren wanted him to. He was still tracking the Resistance. While his men could manage without him for a short amount of time, did not want them to. He wanted to be part of this, part of the hunt. This was exactly what he had joined the First Order to do, enforce order and obliterate dissenters. He did not want Kylo taking that from him. “I don’t need one,” said Hux firmly, “We’ve been making a decent amount of progress and I want to be able to-” “It’s already been arranged, General,” said Ren calmly, “It’s been a few months since you’ve taken a day to relax. You need to rest.” “I don’t need rest, I need to be with my men, figuring out where the Resistance might be rallying to. Kylo we have a chance to find the bulk of their numbers. I can’t take leave,” protested Hux. “I’ve already arranged it,” repeated Ren, “You won’t be expected at any meetings, the bridge crew have been made aware of your absence, nobody is to disturb you, and all meals will be sent to your quarters.” Hux furrowed his brow, “Kylo…I hate taking leave.” It was true. There seemed to be nothing more wasteful than abandoning his work so he could sit about and do nothing. Even when he was ill and his condition forced him to stay confined, he hated it. Hux enjoyed being active. He enjoyed figuring out locations based on clues that had been left behind. He enjoyed working out problems the ship was having and finding the best solutions. He enjoyed using his head, not letting it sit uselessly on his shoulders while he did nothing of use or value. “I’ve thought of that,” said Ren, “Which is why I’m going to spend the whole day taking care of you.” Hux could have screamed again from frustration. Ren’s idea of ‘taking care of him’ when he had a concussion was to heap blankets on him and try to kiss him. His idea of ‘taking care of him’ when the knight had thoroughly chewed up his neck was to apply a cooling pack, feel him up, and then ask him the particulars about how he masturbated. Hux did not want Ren anywhere near him for five seconds, let alone an entire day when he decided to ‘take care of him.’ “I like working, I want to work,” Hux insisted, “If you want to do me any sort of kindness you’ll allow me to work. Wasn’t that a stipulation of this whole arrangement? Didn’t the Supreme Leader himself tell you not to distract me?” “While I was making arrangements I found you haven’t taken personal leave in years. One day won’t hurt anyone. You’ll be able to continue your work more effectively once you’ve rested,” insisted Ren. “You have realized when you help me ‘rest’ I usually end up in some compromising position or another,” Hux countered, “That’s hardly going to help me relax.” “I’ve already figured it all out. Tomorrow, I’m going to come to your quarters and I’m going to make sure you relax,” said Ren. He finally got to his feet and looked Hux over, “And if you try to go to work, I’ll throw you over my shoulder and drag you back myself.” Hux bit the inside of his cheek. Damn Ren. This was not what he had wanted. There seemed no arguing with him though, and physical resistance was just going to get him right back where he started. Hux tried changing the subject, “So what did you find, or am I not privy to Force-user dealings?” Ren paused, probably not anticipating the question. He touched the bag at his belt, “I’m not sure. A map of some sort. I’ve already cross-checked it with our database, but there’s no match.” It was a better topic of conversation than Ren trying to help him relax. Hux gestured to one of the data-readers attached to the conference table, “May I see it?” Ren gave a slight shrug before opening the data reader’s port and pulling a rather large rectangular chip from his belt. He placed it in the machine before closing it and a bright blue map was projected into the room. Hux squinted at it, stepping closer. Having an eidetic memory meant that he could easily recall every map he had ever seen before. This system, whatever it was, was completely unfamiliar to him. Hux placed his hands on the table, leaning in to study the map carefully, committing it to memory, “Do you know its purpose? Is it a map to something particular?” “I’m not sure, but it only seems to be a piece,” explained Ren, moving to stand beside Hux, “I found it in the ruins of a Jedi temple.” “The technology is older than ours by five years, give or take,” reasoned Hux, “And you have no idea who left it?” “No, but I was meant to find it. I could feel it,” continued Ren. He glanced down at Hux briefly before staring at the map again, “You…look good like that.” “I hope you mean when I’m concentrating,” muttered Hux. Ren glanced down at the way Hux was leaning over the table, “Yes, that’s it exactly.” Kylo anticipated resistance. Hux, it seemed, was always looking for an excuse to fight or resist. It was enticing, to a point, but his refusals could lose their charm after a while, especially coming off of their recent absence. Then there was all that teasing. Leaning over the conference table like that with his slim hips pushed out and his back arched. Hux was practically daring him to push him the rest of the way down, holding him in place by those modest, skinny hips… That was yesterday though. Today Kylo had his General all to himself. Perhaps by the end of it Hux would be more inclined to take things further between them. It could not be long now. Ren grinned to himself as he recalled Hux’s clumsy performance, so unlike the usually precise and perfect General. Still, Hux had made the offer, which was quite a bit of progress. He still would not admit to himself that he enjoyed being touched, but that would change. Kylo was confident about that. Hux might not be inclined to actively seek out sexual gratification, but his reactions made it clear that the General loved being touched and fondled. He’d already had a box of supplies delivered, with instructions for it not to be opened. Hopefully Hux would not become too nosey and have a look before Kylo arrived. Kylo punched in the security code to Hux’s door and saw the General perched over the box with a seal cutter. How precocious of him. He was also slightly disappointed to see that Hux was dressed in his uniform, having hoped Hux would have had the sense to wear his loose fatigue clothing. Or his robe. Kylo had noticed that Hux owned a bathrobe. It had been in his closet under a plastic sheet and, much like the General, remained untouched for years. “I didn’t expect to find you so eager,” mused Kylo, taking off his mask. “I get a box delivered to my room with instructions not to touch it, of course I’m going to open it,” said Hux plainly, rising to his feet, “That or call a bomb squad…” Kylo had not considered it from that perspective. Still, there was nobody on the ship who seemed interested in making an attempt on the General’s life. Unfortunately there were still more than a few who felt drawn to his Hux. Kylo sighed, “It was supposed to be a surprise, but I’ll let you open it if it will make you feel better.” Hux sliced open the seal on the box and opened it. His brow furrowed and Kylo grinned. Hux pulled out a small glass vessel, about the size of a small liquor bottle and examined it. Could it be he didn’t…? Hux was really too precious when he was naïve like this. A rare treat, considering his normally vast wealth of knowledge. “What are these?” asked Hux, swirling the liquid around, observing the texture and viscosity, “Oils?” “That’s right, you’re so clever Hux. I should never expect less from our resident genius,” said Kylo teasingly. Hux shot him a dirty look before Kylo continued, “They’re Corellian massage oils. You’ve never seen them before?” “No, but I’ve heard of them” said the General, setting the bottle down on the table, “It’s an unnecessary luxury. An excess.” Hux would say something like that. Kylo sighed, “I’m going to need you to take off your uniform. Go put on something more comfortable. Maybe that robe. I know you have one.” Hux hesitated. This was the only sort of situation he seemed to waver in, and Kylo savoured it. Watching the General process what he had just heard, then weigh his options, slowly and carefully, unlike his usual split second decisions. Kylo loved it. He was the only one who got to see Hux like this, so nervous and vulnerable. It made the darkness around him irresistible when it was laced with Hux’s apprehension. He could take it in all day, feeding on it, getting drunk off of it. “What’s wrong with my uniform?” asked Hux. “Nothing, but having so many layers will make it hard for me to pamper you,” said Kylo. Hux stiffened and took a step back. Kylo was used to Hux misinterpreting his advances as a threat, though he hated it, but he did not understand what could have upset Hux this time. Unless…Kylo grinned. “It’s nothing you need to be worried about. Haven’t you ever heard that word before?” asked Kylo. “No,” replied Hux sharply. Hearing things like that gave Kylo mixed feelings. On one hand, it bothered him when he thought about Hux being bred and raised in such a harsh environment, never experiencing love or care, tender touches, not even being given a proper name. On the other hand, it meant he could be the one to show Hux all of those things. It meant he would be the only one to touch him lovingly, to fawn over him, to pay him compliments, and of course witness all of Hux’s delightful reactions. Apprehension, mortification, uncertainty, they all felt delicious. And of course, in time, it meant he would be the one who got to deflower the haughty, modest General. Hux’s general lack of exposure to affection seemed to be coupled directly with a sexual naiveté that Kylo almost felt bad about spoiling. Almost. “It’s another word for spoil. You’ve at least heard of being spoiled before, haven’t you?” asked Kylo. “I have, and it’s to be avoided so as not to breed ex-” Kylo cupped his hand over Hux’s mouth, “Stop thinking, take off your clothes and put on your robe.” Hux seemed alarmed by the statement at first as he stepped back. Kylo had half hoped Hux would try to bite him again. He had not expected to enjoy being bitten when he had first improvised his hand as a gag, but he had discovered that he really liked it when Hux got vicious. Hux stared him down. It was too precious, thinking there was any way he could resist. They both knew Hux wanted this. He could protest all he wanted, but Kylo knew different. Hux just needed to be pushed, and if Kylo had to get a little rough in order to make that clear, so be it. “You can change by yourself…” whispered Kylo teasingly, “Or I could take them off for you.” Hux stared at him stunned and Kylo flushed. He could never look Hux in the eye when he got like that, and his lack of compliance got Kylo flustered. Not knowing what else to do he started babbling. He had little to no forethought put into what came out of his mouth, and he knew he would feel embarrassed about it later, but it was such a knee-jerk reaction that he could not help it, “I really like taking them off of you…I like seeing you get all shy for me.” Hux’s discomfort spiked again as he brushed past Kylo to get to his bedroom, “Don’t you dare peek.” Kylo rolled his eyes. Although, now that Hux got him thinking about it, he would not have minded a quick look while the General changed. He imagined Hux would go about it quickly and efficiently. It would likely never occur to him to do it slow and tantalizingly. Kylo still imagined Hux, taking everything off shamelessly, being fully exposed and having no idea he was being watched. Perhaps another time. Kylo had never been particularly stealthy and did not want to deal with the ensuing fallout if Hux caught him looking. Not today at least. Not a few moments later Hux emerged, staring at nothing out of the corner of his eye, the white robe clutched around his slim frame, “This is ridiculous.” Kylo flushed. It would be so easy. All he would need to do was loosen the belt across Hux’s hips and it would fall open. He could make it look like an accident, that the belt had come undone all by itself. Kylo willed himself to push the idea from his thoughts. The point of today was to make sure Hux would not be angry with him, to make up for past missteps, not make more of them. While Kylo saw nothing wrong with exposing the General and admiring him, he had a feeling that Hux would protest. He usually did when it came to these things. Besides, it would be better if Hux took it off by himself, flooding the room with darkness and embarrassment, blushing as he stood completely naked, waiting on Kylo’s approval as he looked away shyly. “It looks good on you,” said Kylo quietly. “It given to me when I was promoted. I never saw the point of it,” said Hux. “Being comfortable, perhaps? A reminder not to stress yourself too much,” offered Kylo. He patted the couch, “Sit down.” Hux glared slightly. He hated being ordered about but Kylo loved getting him slightly riled up. Hux was cute when he got indignant. What was not cute, however, was the way he stiffened and tensed when Kylo touched his hair. He wished the reaction could be purely one of intense pleasure. In part it was, but he was aware that Hux was perceiving the act as a threat, a prelude to an attack. He could tell from the emotions radiating off of Hux that he was getting better at calming himself, but the fact that he still did it at all stung a bit. Kylo stood behind Hux, gently stroking his hair with his fingertips, waiting for Hux to finish calming down. When he felt the feeling of being threatened subside Kylo leaned in closer, allowed his touch to become a little firmer as he raked through Hux’s hair. It was such a brilliant colour, and soft to the touch. If it was like this with minimal care, Kylo wondered what the General’s hair would be like if he bothered with paying it proper attention. Hux would likely never want to be made up and dressed in delicate finery, as much as Kylo would have loved dressing him, applying paints to his face and arranging his lovely hair. “Pass me the yellow one,” whispered Kylo, pointing to the box on the table. Kylo saw Hux’s nerves visibly light up when he did that. He was not sure if there was a word to describe how satisfying it was to make Hux do that. It was not a sexual reaction, just a pleasurable sensation ripping through his body when he was touched softly and whispered to gently. Kylo had never encountered it before. It was interesting, and it amused him to think such a harsh, unyielding man could be reduced to a trembling little mass of nerves with the barest of affections. Hux took the glass vessel from the box, “What is it, exactly?” “Hair oil. It makes your hair softer, brighter” explained Kylo, taking the vessel from Hux. He smiled to himself slightly, “Not that you’re in dire need of it.” He opened the bottle and a floral aroma filled the room. Hux cringed and covered his nose, “Do they all smell that strongly.” Kylo sighed. He had not considered that the scent might be a shock to Hux’s senses. Having lived on Star Destroyers for most of his life where everything was kept clean and sterile, he probably had not been exposed to anything this strong smelling in a long time. He rubbed his thumb along Hux’s nape apologetically, “Does it smell nice, at least?” Hux was silent. Kylo took that as a yes. The man was so afraid of exposing any weakness that he would not even admit when he liked something. It was infuriating, but Kylo could learn to live with it. He smiled to himself before spreading the oil over his fingers and set the glass bottle aside. Gently, very gently, he ran his fingers through Hux’s hair. It was important to treat him carefully, not only to make up for past, brusque behaviour, but to show Hux that he could be trusted to be gentle. That there was nothing for him to be too apprehensive about. First times were always the most stressful, the most awkward. Kylo sometimes thought he had wasted his. He had just abandoned the Jedi path, and as a symbolic gesture saw fit to end the vow of celibacy that he had all but been forced to take. It had been a bitter, vindictive gesture, shared with some strange woman in the back room of a cantina that he would rather forget about. It was part of the reason he wanted Hux’s first time to be special, gentle, loving… It had taken a few times for Kylo to discover his disliking for sex did not stem from himself, but from his partner’s gender. Strangely, it had never really occurred to him that sex with a man was a possibility that was open to him. He had always heard that it was something between a man and a woman, everyone around him seemed to think that, and he’d never seen or heard of two men being together, so it was not something he had thought to question. When he had gotten around to questioning it, then to testing his theory, it was infinitely more satisfying. His partners, more often than not ones he had paid for, or ones his Master had found, were more than willing to allow him to experiment with them. Kylo found he liked being rough, even domineering, but also soon discovered that he disliked how impersonal it all was. He did not know who those men were. They pretended to react positively, but in reality they felt completely indifferent. He wanted something more emotionally enriching, his dark alignment craved it. He recalled, as a boy, before he had been sent away, he had made a promise. Kylo had been young, and like many boys his age he had let out a cry of disgust when he saw a couple kissing. He had laughed about it, running a hand through Kylo’s dark curls before saying, “I promise you son, you won’t make those sounds anymore when you’ve found a girl you want to kiss.” Kylo recalled being affronted by that, unable to imagine doing something as gross as wanting to kiss someone, especially a girl. Now that he had Hux though, it was a daily struggle to keep his lips to himself. Hux did not taste sweet. His General had a more natural taste, his bare lips never had balms or glosses applied to them. It was grounding and addicting. Hux’s hair was drenched in oil now, the usual bright red colour now damp, dark like blood and clinging to his scalp. He was still tense, and Kylo wanted to reassure him, tell him how good and patient he was being. Hux, oddly, seemed uncomfortable with that. Kylo had expected with his background that Hux would love being praised and rewarded, but he always seemed…upset. Every time Kylo told him he was soft, perfect, pretty, or doing well, Hux would project just the smallest hint of melancholy. He seemed to prefer a fight to comfort and coddling. Perhaps something had happened to him that made praise and compliments no longer pleasing to hear. “Do you have a towel?” asked Kylo. Hux moved to stand, so Kylo shoved him back down by his shoulders and held him in place, “I’ll get it. You sit.” “In the refresher,” mumbled Hux, who seemed, as usual, lost in thought. Kylo kissed his cheek before retrieving the towel. He wiped the excess oil from Hux’s hair gently. Touching the hair, testing it with his fingertips, the results were infinitely better than Kylo had anticipated. It was soft like satin, and he would be the only one who knew it. Hux was his alone to touch. He leaned in, pretending to still be toweling it dry as he took in the scent of it. Hux’s natural, somewhat musky smell mixed with the floral oil’s scent beautifully. “You’re finished then,” said Hux quickly. “Far from it,” said Kylo, placing another light kiss against Hux’s nape and inhaling his scent. He hummed his approval at the lovely scents mingling and the softness of the skin under his lips. Hux gave a powerful shudder and Kylo grinned as he moved back, “I want to look at your leg.” Hux clutched the robe, holding it closed, “It’s hardly worth the concern.” “Let me fix it,” said Kylo more firmly, moving around so he could face Hux. The General was apprehensive, he always was when it came to showing off his pale skin. Perhaps the inhibition was for the best. He did not want to think about Hux revealing himself to anybody else, not even medical staff. Hux remained silent, thinking, so Kylo approached, kneeling beside him. He pulled at the robe, which Hux adamantly kept closed. Kylo sighed, “Just enough so I can heal it. I won’t do anything else.” Hux looked away. Kylo was not sure how he felt about that. It was such an uncharacteristic thing for the General to look away in defeat, and yet his cheeks flushed, and his head tilted down in such an attractive way that Kylo found himself enjoying the sight every time. The General shivered as his leg was exposed. Kylo knew he was staring at Hux, and that people were often wary of him when he stared at them, so he tended to look at their noses or mouths so he couldn’t see them judging him. He couldn’t help staring at his General though. Hux was so pale and slender, like a beautiful doll. He thought he might have liked one when he was younger, but had been too nervous to ask about it. He considered asking but had been so frightened of what someone might say about him since he’d never seen boys play with them. He never anticipated Hux having such seemingly fragile features under his uniform, but Kylo was not about to make any sort of complaint. He loved that Hux was secretly so frail and vulnerable. It was intoxicating to think he could break his little General so easily, and whether Hux knew it or not, he continued to breathe at Kylo’s pleasure. Not that he would ever want to break Hux, he would never hurt his little doll on purpose, not if he could help it, but the idea that he had the ability to do it got him riled up every time he thought about it. Focusing, he concentrated Force energy into his hand before applying it to the bruise and long scrape running down Hux’s leg. The General gave a shudder before collapsing onto his side, his eyes going hazy with only the slightest hint of consciousness remaining. Kylo recalled the first time this had happened, he had panicked, thinking he had done something wrong and accidentally put Hux in a vegetative state. It just turned out Hux responded particularly strongly to the soothing energy. To his credit though, Hux was more responsive this time. He pressed his fingers against his palms lightly and his leg trembled under Kylo’s touch. Kylo’s breath hitched slightly when that happened. He shook just like that when Kylo had touched his creamy, pale thighs for the first time. He also remembered Hux flushed and wriggling under his touch, crying out and making delightfully obscene noises when he pulled his shaking legs apart…Kylo smiled fondly to himself at the memory. He was the first person to bring his General to climax. As unexpected as it had been, and despite the disorientation issuing forth from Hux’s mind the sight of him coming completely undone was one Kylo looked forward to witnessing again. With the cut closed and the bruise fading, Kylo could not help it. He promised, but Hux was too irresistible like this. He leaned in and reverently pressed his lips to Hux’s leg, hoping to make up for his former harshness. Hux, still slightly coherent, turned bright pink and jerked slightly. He wanted to do more, especially when he sensed the smallest hint of arousal coming off of Hux, but he had already broken his promise. Kylo knew first-hand how awful broken promises were. He had always made plenty of promises, only managing to keep a scant few of them. Kylo had resolved not to be like him though. He gave one last, gentle kiss before pulling back. He would remember that small trace of arousal though. Perhaps Hux would prefer those kisses on his inner thigh… Hux sat up as soon as he was able and covered his leg again. Kylo sighed, “I was just kissing it better.” Hux kept his eyes averted as he muttered, “I always thought that phrase was a joke.” “Its common practice, where I’m from,” explained Kylo. Hux huffed slightly, “Sounds like a good way to spread infections.” Kylo sat back on the floor and flushed slightly, “I could tell you liked it. If you want, I could do more than just kiss you there. Or I could kiss…between your legs…” “No,” said Hux harshly before adding in a softer tone, “Don’t do that. I’m not…ready…” Kylo sighed. Of all the things General Hux could have been in the bedroom, a blushing, modest virgin was the last thing Kylo would have expected. Not that he minded, in a lot of ways. It made Kylo incredibly possessive whenever he thought about Hux being a virgin. Nobody else had ever, or would ever, touch the General. Hux barely even touched himself, meaning that undoubtedly tight entrance may have never been penetrated. It would be all Kylo’s to open and stretch and fill while his General sobbed in pleasure. It would be worth it, but all of this waiting and hesitation was driving him insane. “I need you to go lie down,” said Kylo, jerking his head towards the bedroom. “Why?” Hux asked bluntly. “So I can rub your back.” “You can’t do that here with me sitting upright?” He could, but Kylo did not want to. He grinned slightly, “You can go lie down, or we can stay here and fight over it. Of course, that robe will…p-probably come off if you struggle too much…” Hux glowered at him before rising to his feet. He was a little unsteady at first, but recovered his footing soon enough. Kylo kept his grin. It seemed Hux was finally learning that fighting was useless. He still enjoyed it when the General forgot that though. When Kylo had imagined what it might be like, having a permanent, lasting partner, he could not imagine it without some bickering, or a little fighting. His par… they had always fought, and their romance was considered one of the galaxy’s grand, sweeping love stories. Kylo picked up another vial of oil and followed after Hux. At first he had believed that, eating up the story of the princess and the scoundrel readily like so many others. When he thought about it though, it was all wrong. There was so much wrong with it that nobody seemed to realize. He left, constantly. If he was so in love, why would he leave? Why would he take days at a time to respond to messages? She was always overjoyed when he came back, but was lonely beyond Kylo’s reckoning when he was gone. When Kylo had first started picking up on the emotions of those around him, the loneliness was the first one he had ever felt. Kylo had tried to help, even attempted to sabotage his beloved ship so he could not leave anymore. It had not worked, despite his knack for taking things apart. Kylo wondered, if he was so in love, why did he always leave them? Why did he stay away for so long if he loved them? Kylo was not sure where or when he had first heard the term. It was as if it had popped into his head out of nowhere, but as soon as he learned it he began to suspect that there was someone else. Maybe another family with a good son who wasn’t so strange looking and did everything right. The voice also whispered other things, ‘you’re not enough for him.’ ‘They don’t want you.’ ‘You deserve better.’ ‘I can help you.’ It made sense to Kylo, and still did. All of his stories about daring rescue and escaping the clutches of death, while at first thrilling, became horrifying. If he had loved her at all, why allow her to be put in danger? Why walk her knowingly into hostile worlds and waiting traps? Freedom fighting be damned, if he had loved her at all he would have never allowed her into harm’s way. And then, once his daring and fun had been had, he would leave. Again and again. She did not seem upset, and she was often away too. Perhaps she had…as well…because of the loneliness. But if she was lonely, why had Kylo never been enough to make her happy…Why was he never enough? He had tried to be good. He had tried to be perfect. He had tried so hard for them and nobody ever noticed… Kylo stopped in the doorway and looked over Hux, sitting deep in thought on the edge of the bed. He could not say that he had been the perfect protector. Hux had been hurt on his watch before, and by him when the situation made it inevitable. He wanted to be better though. He had no intention of becoming a scoundrel who gallivanted across the galaxy without caring if the one he loved was hurt or pining. And if he did need to leave, he would make up for it with letters and affection when he returned. It was difficult, but he was trying to think of other ways to please Hux. What sort of gifts would he like? And a name, of course. Kylo had put a decent amount of thought into it but he still could not come up with a good one. It had to be pretty and soft as he was, something princely, a bit exotic, something that sounded innocent and beautiful… He approached Hux, tenderly stroking his smooth, clean-shaven cheek before taking hold of the lapels of his robe delicately in his fingers. Hux had his eyes closed, and seemed in the process of willing away his urge to fight again. Kylo whispered, giving it an experimental tug, “It needs to come off a bit, just down to your waist.” Hux pressed his fingers against his palms again. That seemed to be his way of signalling he was ready, since he was too shy or prudish to say anything. Kylo slipped the robe from Hux’s shoulders, slowly, so he would not be taken aback by any sudden movements. He wished Hux would not be so particular about being called ‘pretty.’ It was the only thing that came to mind when he saw the General like this. His lovely, ivory skin was tinged with a delicate pink as a blush spread across his chest. With the absence of marks and scars on his clear, creamy skin it drew the eye immediately to his navel and delectable, rosy nipples. They were already hard, as if begging to be teased and sucked. Hux was slim, but not quite underweight with ribs threatening to show themselves under his skin. His lack of fat and muscle showed off a pronounced collarbone that was perfect for nipping, bruising and kissing, and gave his shoulders a gentle, elegant slope. Hux was the perfect size; tall enough to complement Kylo’s own substantial height and not make kissing an ordeal, but lean enough to be easily held down with one of Kylo’s massive hands and fondled with the other. One of Kylo’s hands could probably cup his narrow hips and hold him in place for all sorts of acts. He was also light enough that he could sit comfortably in Kylo’s lap, which made a number of positions possible. Hux looked so supple, warm, inviting… Holding back was becoming increasingly difficult. If only Hux would stop being difficult, he would take him into his lap, tug the rest of the robe off, and show the General more intense pleasure than he had ever known in his life. Then Kylo could play with those tender little nipples, sucking one gently while teasing the other, his free hand returning that favor from the supply closet as Hux squirmed and mewled in his lap for more. Kylo would show him how it was done, touching all the places that would leave him breathless and begging to be taken… Hux started breathing heavily through his nose. No, this was all wrong. He was not supposed to be showing signs of distress. Kylo loved Hux’s panic but he did not want that now. Had he stared too much? Were his emotions projecting again? At least his thoughts were not doing that anymore. Hux probably would not have appreciated Kylo’s thoughts about his body, even though he meant them in the most flattering way possible. Kylo kissed Hux’s shoulder, desperate to console him, “Shh…it’s okay. Don’t be afraid…I won’t do anything bad to you, I promised…” His breathing evened out a little. Good. Hux’s panic was entertaining but now was not the time for that. It was not time to play with him yet. Kylo kissed his shoulder again appreciatively, “Lie on your front…I’ll take care of the rest.” Hux moved to the corner of the bed he usually occupied. Kylo would not be surprised it someday he found a cache of weapons hidden between the mattress and the wall. The first time he had caught Hux hiding weapons, and intercepted the reason why he had them had hurt a lot. He would never force himself on Hux. Hux wanted this, he just wasn’t saying it, and for whatever reason sex scared the hell out of him. If having a hidden weapon or two made Hux feel better, and provided he didn’t actually use them, Kylo did not see the problem in allowing him this little indulgence. Hux watched him warily, he always did. Kylo knew rooting around Hux’s head would just get him into more trouble, but he wondered what had made the General so mistrusting. Had his training made him paranoid? Had someone said or threatened to do something in the past that left him wary? Kylo hoped not. Even though it would be his pleasure, the list of people he had to kill if he came across them had grown quite long. When Kylo touched Hux’s back he felt everything tense up. His eyes screwed shut. Kylo used the Force, to pick up on Hux’s surface thoughts, just to make sure he was alright. All he heard was a math problem, something about ‘escape velocity.’ Kylo mentally pulled back and watched Hux press his fingers into his palms before clenching the sheets. That must have been the signal that he was alright. He applied the oil to his hand before experimentally squeezing Hux’s shoulder. Hux’s breath hitched and Kylo saw a surge of pleasure shoot through him. He was alright, he was enjoying it. He just wasn’t used to it yet. Hux cringed when he used both hands, probably going through the motions of perceiving it as an attack and calming himself down. Kylo really, really wished he would stop doing that. He watched the expanse of creamy skin tighten and bunch as muscles tensed. His shoulder blades jerked and the beautiful, delicate line of his spine contorted. It took a fair amount of time for Hux’s body to lose its tension, but he kept his death grip on the sheets, occasionally letting out a gasp. Kylo did his best to keep his movements slow and systematic, trying to keep his desire to himself. He was no longer projecting his thoughts, but he was not so sure about emotions. He enjoyed Hux’s coyness when he sensed he was being lusted after, but not now. It wasn’t the time for that. Hux was…perfect. Kylo was not so romantic to think that he had envisioned falling in love with Hux from the moment they met, or he had somehow always known Hux would be his. He had certain qualities that he had thought would be complimentary for him. He was strong-willed, quick with a stinging remark, instilled with a strong sense of what was right for the galaxy, smart, handsome, someone who could keep up with him, even put him on his toes. When they had been together, that seemed to be how relationships ought to work. Desire, love with a little antagonism thrown in. Both partners keeping each other’s wits at their sharpest, having different roles that supported each other. Hux fit that description perfectly. A great strategist, a General, his General, fighting for the good of the galaxy. And because he was perfect, Kylo had a chance to fix everything. He would take that old, flawed love story as his foundation and make it better. He would show everyone how awful he had really been by showering his own lover with every attention and affection. He would not be a scoundrel who always ran away, who had sent his own son away to some godforsaken temple. He had a chance to start everything over, make it better. Kylo would fix it, he would become a knight instead of a scoundrel, and Hux would be his princess… Not that Hux would probably ever allow Kylo to call him a princess. Kylo desperately wanted to kiss Hux’s face as he relaxed. No, he had worked hard to get the General this docile, he did not want to ruin it after all that work. He looked peaceful, finally, finally starting to settle into his touch. No tension, no panic, just acceptance. Then there was something else, a subtle but sudden shift in Hux’s brainwaves. Had Hux just…? Kylo continued to gently move his hands as he leaned down. Hux’s lips were parted, breathing gently through his mouth, his eyes were closed, though not tightly, and his body felt limp under Kylo’s hands. He whispered softly, experimentally, “Hux?” No response. Hux was definitely unconscious. Kylo kept his hands moving, just in case stopping would wake Hux up. Removing them was a slow process, making sure their absence would not be too sudden for Hux to miss it. Kylo finally took his hands away, wiping away excess oil on the sheets. He never had a chance to look at Hux like this. When they slept together Hux either fell asleep after him, or possibly did not sleep at all. With all the sleepless nights it was no wonder he passed out. Kylo lay down beside him, watching the rise and fall of his back. If Hux was a heavy sleeper, perhaps he could touch him, move him a little, but Hux was so sensitive to touch. He could use the Force though, slowly, carefully, moving Hux onto his side. His robe had opened, exposing the General’s legs again, as well as his… …exercise shorts. The drawstrings were tied in a ridiculously complicated knot. Kylo frowned. That was so infuriatingly typical of Hux. Kylo gave an irate sigh, “Well played, General.” Hux continued to breathe quietly as Kylo took in his physical beauty. He looked better like this. Relaxed, exposed, passive. Reaching up, Kylo gently stroked his hair, admiring it’s now inhumanly silky texture. He ran his thumb across Hux’s cheek, brushing hair from his face. He did not look at Hux’s eyes often, he felt compelled not to when Hux seemed angry, which was most of the time. He could look all he wanted like this though, and for the first time he noticed the General’s lashes were a light, reddish colour. Kylo nervously pursed his lips before tracing one set of lashes lightly. He had no idea eye lashes could be any colour other than black. He looked down at Hux’s torso and legs, wishing he and the General were more intimate with each other. It might have been fun to wake Hux up with sex. If he thought he could have gotten away with it, Kylo would have done it. He could still touch him a little though, just a little petting, maybe kissing, possibly smelling him a little. All perfectly harmless things. He pursed his lips in concentration as he gently moved Hux’s arms away from his chest. He prodded a nipple lightly, experimentally to see if Hux would wake. Seeing him continue to sleep, Kylo moved his arms around the General and pulled his pale, half-nude body against him. He was so warm and soft, like a little bird Kylo found when he was young. He had wanted to keep it and care for it himself, but…he hadn’t meant to do it. He had no idea a baby bird’s bones were so fragile but everyone scolded him anyways while he held the motionless bird and cried over it. He thought it would be alright if he gave it a little hug because he had loved it so much… He ran his hands over Hux’s back and cautiously ran a hand over his ass. He was surprised Hux had one at all with how skinny he was. Kylo hummed as he touched it, not daring to squeeze it in case Hux woke up. He nuzzled Hux and cupped the slight curve of his ass gently as he took in the scent of his hair, skin and the oils that had been used. Hux just kept sleeping. Kylo sighed and rearranged his General’s hair. He looked deceptively harmless like this. Kylo bit back a snort of amusement when it occurred to him that princesses usually looked harmless, but never were. He whispered softly, “You don’t have to say you love me…it’s enough if someday you just say ‘I know.’” He hazarded placing a kiss to Hux’s lovely red lashes and nestled in closer beside him. It was not what Kylo wanted, but it was alright. Hux needed more sleep anyways. Bonus Stupidity "Hey, uh, Hux? Could you hold these beside your ears?" Hux looked down disdainfully at a pair of cinnamon buns and before fixing his icy gaze on Ren again, "Why?" "No reason..." mumbled Kylo, "And um...maybe you could wear this?" Hux sneered at the white, flowing dress he held up, "Really?" "Oh, and say something like, 'You're my only hope,' or call me a 'Nerf herder,' or 'Flyboy' or maybe say I'm a little short for a Stormtrooper?" asked Kylo. "And why exactly would I do any of that?" demanded Hux, folding his arms over his chest. "...No reason..." said the knight. Hux rolled his eyes, "Careful Ren, your Oedipus complex is showing..." Phasma opened the blast doors and leaned into the room to interject, "You both know everything Freud said is regarded as nonsense?" Kylo and Hux exchanged a look before asking, "Who's Freud?" Chapter 20 : Come out and Fight me like a Man Notes: We're sort of moving into another 'arc' so to speak. This is kind of the one where everything eventually goes to complete shit. So...yeah, here we go I guess. Hux had been grateful that despite the loss of productivity, Ren had not tried anything. He had been unsettling as always with his staring and sniffing and excessive touching, but he did not once ask for intimacy. He had been shocked to wake up after unexpectedly drifting off to find Ren pressed close to him, but a quick inspection of the knot in the drawstrings of his shorts indicated that Ren made no attempt at undressing him. Ren had looked up at him from his place beside him on the bed and mumbled sleepily, “I promised not to. Besides I can’t feel your emotions if you’re sleeping.” He also couldn’t figure out if Ren had undressed him. He recalled being more or less bullied into stripping himself to the waist, but after he had fallen asleep he wasn’t sure what had happened to leave the robe hanging off of his waist and the rest of his body exposed. He didn’t want to think Ren had done it, though he knew it was a possibility. He wanted to believe, for once, that the knight had done nothing. Sometimes if he was warm while he slept, Hux knew he would kick blankets away. He might have exposed himself. He didn’t want to think of being helpless like that while the knight gawked at him, stripping him, touching him… Afterwards, they had fallen back into their covert routine. Ren would appear every three days, stare after Hux like a lovesick little boy, and Hux would find a discreet place for Ren to have his fun. Hux noted that the knight was far more forward with him now. Whereas before he had settled for fleeting kisses, now he had taken to groping, always unclasping Hux’s tunic and trying to slide his hands inside it. Hux had tried saying no, shoving Ren’s hands away, using his now futile mental shouts, but none of it worked. Once, when he had gotten particularly irritated and managed to land a strike to Ren’s face, the knight just laughed and scolded him with a purr, “Feisty today, aren’t you?” before he continued his attempts to undress him. Thankfully, aside from their encounters, Ren left Hux alone. Hux felt more or less free to work, run his ship and hunt down the Resistance like he always had. Ren’s needs, though it always felt long, took little time to satisfy. Hux just needed to be careful of camera placements, shift changes, and make sure nobody was watching him. He felt watched, as of late. At first he had taken it as an omen that perhaps he was closing in on the Resistance, that they were being monitored by an enemy that waited just out of sight. As that slowly proved not to be the case and the strange feeling continued, Hux started observing his crew more closely. It was not them, perhaps security? But then it persisted in his quarters where there were no cameras. He would feel, more acutely at some times than others, that there was someone else in the room looking at him. He kept looking about, expecting to find Ren gawking at him. Was it Ren using the Force to keep tabs on him? It might have been. Hux would not put it past him. Despite it being a futile effort, Hux took to double encrypting the lock on his door. It was a useless gesture, but it made him feel a little more secure. There was no such little gesture to make him feel safe when he patrolled the ship though. Suddenly, without warning he would get that feeling. It could be anywhere. In a hall, on the bridge, the engine room, the training rooms, the mess, and it would strike. Hux always kept calm. There was no use in suddenly shouting or making a scene. What could he do? Shout for help because he felt something watching him? He’d just be sent for a psych evaluation. If it was Ren, which it very likely was, there was really nothing anyone could do to help him, so why bother mentioning it to anyone apart from Phasma and Flax? It happened again when he stood on the bridge and received a message from Ren. Mitaka patched him through, “General, your presence is required immediately in meeting room 935 on deck nine.” He sounded sane enough, though with Ren that was never really a good indicator to go by. He called out an obedient, “On my way.” Then, for a moment, something touched his hand, stroking the back of it gently. Hux started, pulling away suddenly and jerking his arm back. Had Ren touched him with the Force? Hux stared at his gloved hand and felt himself go pale. No. He could not allow Ren to do that. If he did that there would be no safe time or place for him. Ren could do anything to him at any given moment. “Sir? Is your hand alright?” asked Mitaka. “Pinched nerve, lieutenant. Thank you for your concern,” said Hux flippantly. Hux entered the meeting room glaring daggers at Ren, “Don’t you dare start using the Force to touch me! Especially while I’m working!” “Calm yourself General, no need to be rash.” Hux froze when he heard the voice. He quickly emptied his mind to the best of his abilities and looked over at Ren, who sat with his hands folded on the table. Hux was not sure what to do. He had never encountered the Supreme Leader, or his voice, outside of the Holochamber. Completely unprepared to hear that voice coming from a comlink, Hux could only stand still. “Take a seat. You’ll find an envelope. Look at the images within and select one. Keep it hidden within your mind to the best of your abilities.” Hux did as he was ordered. He sat down and opened the envelope and found the curious, two dimensional printed pictures inside. He looked through a few and selected one, a green pear. He did his best to purge it while still remembering it, covering it with layers of equation and simulation related trauma. “The pear. Select another, General. Kylo Ren, you will attempt to breach his defenses.” Hux nearly recoiled. Not this, anything but this. This was his only successful way of protecting himself. If Ren found a way around it, took it away from him, then his mind would be open for the knight to sift through at his leisure. Hux would be willing to put up with a dozen more nights of Ren ‘playing’ with him to avoid this. Ren, for his part, also seemed apprehensive. Hux could not read his face but his fingers tightened as soon as he had heard the command. Hux tried to stay calm. He just…had to think of it as training, as much for his own benefit as it was for Ren’s. If he got used to it, or could figure out how Ren’s power worked, he might be able to turn it on him. The Supreme Leader had mentioned there were techniques for expulsion. Perhaps, if he was lucky, Hux would stumble across one. Looking through the pictures he chose another, an ocean. He locked it away while he tried to purge it. Building up his layers and defenses again, constructing levels and walls in his mental fortress out of numbers and unpleasant sensations. Ren stared at him. Hux could not feel him enter his mind, but that did not necessarily mean Ren was not trying to get in. So, he kept building, each layer more complex and violent than the last. “Approach him if you must.” Ren stood up and walked to where Hux was seated, stretching out his hand and letting it settle on Hux’ temple. Hux sensed the invasion immediately and made his first assault, his father slapping him across the face for speaking out of turn. Ren gasped and pulled back. “A Jedi will be better equipped than this. You must learn to ignore his attempts.” Hux gripped the arms of the chair and willed himself to think of the most wretched moments of his life. The pain, shock, anguish, things that would startle Ren out of his head. It was only a temporary solution. What could the Supreme Leader have meant? How could someone like him keep a Force-User at bay? Ren spoke, quietly, “Master…I’m scared.” Hux was surprised that Ren freely admitted that, to the Supreme Leader of all people. “Such feelings are natural. Can you identify the source of your fear?” Ren stammered behind his mask, “I don’t…I don’t want to hurt him.” “General, when I examined your thoughts, did you experience any pain?” “No, Supreme Leader,” replied Hux automatically, though he had certainly been taken aback and frightened by it once he found out it had happened without his knowledge. “If the technique is performed correctly, General Hux will not experience any discomfort. Think of it as an incentive to learn quickly.” “Master…the prisoners…when I tried…I killed them…” Kylo continued quietly. Killed? Ren had killed people while poking around their thoughts? Hux tightened his grip. He could see why he had been selected as a test subject. It was a brilliant plan in its ruthlessness. Hux could defend himself better than most, providing a slight challenge, and Ren would have the drive to keep Hux alive and perform the technique correctly. If this had been happening to someone else, Hux might have applauded the Supreme Leader’s cunning. “Don’t fight the pain or confusion. Let it wash over you. Try again.” Ren stroked Hux’s cheek with a gloved hand before settling on his temple again. Hux projected his thoughts loudly. Now was not the time for niceties. He would go straight for Ren’s mental jugular. If Ren went deeper into his mind the knight might kill him, ‘Rape!’ Ren stumbled back, “No. No Hux, it wasn’t…I’d never…” “He’s attempting to repulse you. He’ll use any method at his disposal. Now he’s using your fear against you. Try again.” Hux gritted his teeth as Ren approached him again, shaking, barely touching him. Hux projected again, louder, ‘You bastard! You tried to rape me!’ “Hux, no!” shouted Kylo, starting to lose control, “Don’t you dare-!” “Compose yourself Lord Ren. It’s a cheap trick, nothing more. Try again.” “Tell him…not to use that one!” exclaimed Ren, pointing at Hux accusingly, “Anything else, just not that one!” “General,” said the Supreme Leader, as if compromising with a naughty child, “Choose a different thought. Something mild. Allow Lord Ren a chance to experience how the technique is supposed to feel.” “Yes, Supreme Leader,” replied Hux. Orders were orders, and he had a suspicion that this was an order he wouldn’t be allowed to negotiate. He lowered his defenses begrudgingly. Ren had better not kill him. He focused on his old drill instructor again. “He’s ready. Try again.” Ren did as he was bid, replacing his fingers again. Hux projected the memory and Ren flinched, but held on. Then, suddenly, he felt like he was being flipped and slammed into the ground at breakneck speed. Hux bit back a cry of pain, only letting out a gasp. He felt something warm trickle down onto his lip. “Don’t force your way through it Lord Ren. Let go of the urge to fight them. The only harm he can cause is the harm you permit him to inflict.” Ren reached up and wiped Hux’s nose with his thumb. Hux felt the blood smear and gripped the chair tighter, “I didn’t mean to…I’ll get it right this time. I didn’t want it to hurt.” “Just do it,” said Hux through gritted teeth. “He cannot hurt you. He cannot expel you. You are the one who permits him to accomplish this. Let his efforts wash over you and proceed to your goal.” Hux braced himself for another round of pain when Ren touched him again. Hux conjured up the memory of the TIE Fighter hurtling towards the bridge again. This time he received what felt like a punch to the gut for his efforts. Admittedly it was much less painful, but Ren still pulled back. “If you cannot withstand such a feeble assault, you’ve no chance interrogating a Jedi. Try again.” “I don’t want to hurt you…” Ren simpered again, reaching out his hand, ‘I don’t want to hurt you.’ Ren was trying to disorient him, projecting to throw off his efforts. Hux was prepared, he brought Ren’s thought to the forefront, throwing it back at him with contempt. Ren, inadvertently, projected it back on Hux with denial. Hux tossed it back, louder this time, with disdain. They kept going like that for a few minutes before Hux forced Ren from his mind with a shout of effort. Shaking, watching Ren reel backwards, Hux wiped his face with his glove. He had bled more that time. “Master…what did he…?” “He exploited your connection. You exposed yourself to him. I’ve given you directions Lord Ren, now you must follow them. Try again.” Ren tried once more and Hux projected another memory. His first kill. It had been sloppy, the way it was for most beginners. Hux had received a painful blow to the head before finally managing to shove another cadet off a platform. He had fallen four levels, too stunned to scream, his body making a sickening crunch when it hit the floor, his flesh splattered and bones broke into pieces. Ren, strangely, lingered in the memory, intrigued by it. ‘No!’ Hux projected, ‘Get out!’ He brought another memory forward, something Ren might find less palatable. Not in any mood to hold back Hux recalled their feedback loop, hoping it would be intense enough to force Ren to go away. He lingered. Hux felt him press through to another level, a physics problem. Ren was only temporarily stunned before he sank deeper into Hux’s mind. Too panicked to hold back, he accused Ren again, ‘R-rape! Pervert! Monster!’ “I know you don’t mean it,” Ren whispered to him, finally sinking past it, “He picked the desert.” “He’s deceiving you. He’s set up red-herrings. Use the Force, seek out the true image.” Hux struggled, tossing his head as if it he could launch Ren from his mind with a jerk of his neck. Ren held on, probing deeper, getting closer before he whispered, “The Ocean.” “Good. General, are you able to continue?” “Y-yes…Supreme Leader…” Hux panted. “Lord Ren will attempt to enter your mind again. You will attempt to isolate and repulse him.” “How…how shall I go about it?” asked Hux, still exhausted, “I don’t have any prior training.” “Entice him. Lure him away from his goal, then cut him off. Use any means at your disposal.” Hux was not sure about cutting Ren off, but he understood enticement. What would entice Ren? What would lure him away from his search, especially under circumstances where the knight would be perfectly aware of the fact that he was being lead on? A painful memory, so he would not suspect, but also one that Ren might find enticing. Hux bit the inside of his cheek as he selected another picture. It was an image of a bird Hux had never seen before. He clenched the chair again as he tried to think of a memory that would not cause suspicion, but was one that Ren might become wrapped up in. “Proceed.” Ren reached out and Hux allowed him to penetrate the first two levels before he conjured his memory, flushing as he did so. He was in the Academy. He had a test, but that did not make him anxious. He stifled a cry of disgust and displeasure as he looked down beneath his blankets at the tented fabric of his fatigues. Ren, inserting himself into the memory, lingered, his interest piqued. The man was so easy to read, a pervert through and through. Nobody had been awake yet. Hux had slipped into the wash area. He could not turn on the water to shower by himself, the showers were communal and the time the water turned on and off was inflexible. Hux tried turning the tap anyhow. Nothing. He ducked into the latrine, groaning at the sensation between his legs. Hux focused on it, allowed Ren to feel his unwanted arousal. Hux recalled needing to take care of it, but hesitating. He could not let himself be seen like this, he could not concentrate on the test like this either. The idea of going through with it disgusted him though. Ren watched the young Hux’s dilemma with rapt attention. Hux…had no idea what he was doing. He had trapped Ren, certainly, now how was he supposed to throw him out? A sudden shift in memories would likely prove as effective as the layers had been, especially if Ren decided he wanted to hunt this particular memory down. Hux recalled reading about lucid dreaming. Could it work for memories too? Changing them to suit his needs? It was worth a try. He focused, had his younger self round on Ren’s presence in the shadows of the latrine, “I see you watching!” Ren seemed to be searching around, trying to detect someone else in the memory. Hux imagined a change in scene. The room collapsed around them, imploding in on itself, crushing everyone inside. Ren pulled back. Hux wiped his nose again. Blood had run off his glove and smeared its way over his pale wrists. Had…had that worked? Or had Ren been stunned into pulling away again?” Ren took off his mask, sporting an identical nosebleed and wide, frightened eyes. He wiped his nose and stared at Hux in disbelief. Hux panted and pinched his nose, tilting his head back and trying his best to contain the bleeding. He did not want to explain why he and Ren both had bloody noses and the meeting room’s table was speckled with red. “A Jedi will be able to detect your fears and passions, turning them against you. They will also attack with greater speed and less clumsiness than the General. Consider this a small taste of what you will encounter.” Ren nodded, panting, trying to catch his breath. Hux wondered if he had physically injured Ren the way the knight had done to him a few minutes ago. Either way, he was pleased with the technique. He did not have to hide his thoughts anymore. The second he detected Ren in his mind, he could toss him out, or blame offending thoughts on a defensive layer. He was also interested in the Supreme Leader’s description of his execution of the technique. Slow and clumsy. He could make it faster? He could perform it with more accuracy? It would likely take practice. Perhaps it was time to tentatively insert daily meditation back into his schedule. He seemed to have an advantage over Ren when it came to mental exercises. Ren was a force of nature, doing what he pleased, his power seeming to come from how in tune he was with his own feelings and willingness to accept them. Hux was more interested in discipline and concentration, which for the purposes of this particular situation gave him an edge. There was one thing that still infuriated Hux though. He could not make the first move. He would never have the first move. The technique was entirely dependent on whether or not Ren entered his mind or projected thoughts at him. If Ren cornered him like he had in the supply closet and refused to touch his mind, there would be nothing he could do to stop him. In this strange scenario, Ren still held most, if not all of the power. “That will conclude today’s exercise. You will return every second day. We will continue until you have both made sufficient progress.” There was a clicking sound as the comlink shut off. Hux, exhausted, leaned back and panted, no longer feeling the need to hold his posture with the Supreme Leader’s voice no longer present. He would need a few minutes to bring himself down from…whatever these feelings were. No doubt he looked like as much of a wreck as he felt. He could not go back to the bridge just yet. “Hux?” asked Ren quietly. “Yes?” Hux panted. “I’m…I didn’t mean…” he whispered. Hux did not want to hear this. He leveled his head again and looked at Ren, who was looking at the floor. Hux gasped out as he covered his nose, just in case it started to bleed again, “From what I gathered, this was mental sparing, yes? Would you be apologize every time you hit me if we were sparring ?” “I don’t want to spar with you. I don’t want to hit you,” protested Ren, drawing closer, creeping forward like a wild animal into an open space, “Did…did you mean it? Do you still think I…?” Hux ground his teeth. He could tell the truth and be on the receiving end of one of Ren’s tantrums, or lie and spare himself even more pain. He growled out, “No…” “Because…I would never do that to you…Hux…I…” Ren trailed off, placing his hands on Hux’s shoulders, leaning over the General’s ear to keep his face hidden, “I…really…I have very strong…feelings for you…” Hux closed his eyes and muttered, “Stop blubbering on me. I know.” Ren stiffened. Hux growled, trying to push the knight back, “I know. You’ve said that before. I don’t need to be given information multiple times, unlike some.” Without warning Ren’s mouth was on his. Hux very much doubted the passionate intensity of the kiss was what made him see stars. In all likelihood it was Ren jerking his face around combined with the blood loss that did it. He tried to push Ren off as he kissed with increasing levels of ferocity, working to keep Hux pinned to the chair. Finally Hux managed to work a foot between them and shoved Ren away. He stared up in shock. He was not sure what he had said or done to set that off, but it had left him stunned and Ren actually smiling, teeth flashing, looking down with ecstasy and a ravenous hunger. It was a discomforting sight to say the least. It was so unnerving that Hux was not sure what he ought to do or say. Cautiously, he rose to his feet and edged to the door, reaching for the panel. Ren followed with his eyes, starting to laugh. It was an unexpected, jarring sound, like water trickling down a broken pipe and dripping everywhere. It made Hux’s blood run cold. What had he done? What had he said? Just confirmed that Ren had already told him about his fondness. And it came so suddenly after his whimpering. Ren had not responded like this to anything else. Hux pressed the panel to open the door. Ren looked him over and announced, gloatingly, “You love me.” Hux froze. He never said or thought anything of the sort. He was too stunned by the groundless accusation to dodge when Ren approached him again and repeated, “You love me .” “Ren…Kylo…stop,” said Hux, retreating against the wall, “I never said that.” “You don’t need to,” whispered Ren. Hux kicked again, Ren laughed more before pinning him down by his power again, “Don’t be embarrassed…don’t fight it…” Ren kissed him again, softly, before pressing their foreheads together and lacing his fingers in Hux’s by either side of his head. Hux was still reeling, wondering what on earth was happening, “I need to go. You need to let go of me.” “I love you Hux…” said Ren softly. Hux looked at the open door. If only he had command of his feet. Freedom was only a few paces away. Hux tossed his head, trying to get Ren off of him, “I-I know…you said that before, and it’s very flattering b-” Ren kissed him again before backing away, “It’s alright, I understand. You can go.” Hux felt himself being released and took off as quickly as he could without breaking into a full run. What had just happened? He had never said anything remotely akin to ‘I love you.’ The words had never once passed the barrier of his teeth. He was loathe to think he had ever even thought about them in that sequence. Yet somehow…somehow Ren had thought he said it, or somehow indicated it. Unwittingly perhaps, Hux had done something that corresponded to his fantasy. What was it? Acknowledgement? Forgiveness? Denying Ren had assaulted him? Hux felt his hair stand on end again and turned back. He saw nobody but some strange, sixth sense told him somebody was watching, stalking him as he made his way back to the bridge. He suddenly felt vulnerable, and despite being fully uniformed with only his head uncovered, he felt naked, like whoever was watching could see through his clothing. Could the Force do that? Was Ren looking him over, appraising him at that very moment? He stepped on the bridge and Mitaka called out, “General? Your…your face is covered in…” “I fell off a platform,” he seethed, “And don’t you dare tell Captain Phasma.” Chapter 21 : Ah Yes This I'll Undertake (For My Own True Lover's Sake) Notes: My beta readers have both been busy, so I decided to post this chapter without a beta. I really didn't want to do this, mostly because having a second opinion on the subject matter helps me from overstepping boundaries. Secondly, I'm not very good at spelling, and nothing can distract from a story like bad grammar and spelling. But, life happens and here we are. A lot happens in this chapter, and I recall when I was writing it that I didn't really like fics where Ren actually KILLS members of the crew/Stormtroopers and everyone just sort of acts like he scuffed the paint on the walls. After that, everything between them became more intense. Ren kissed him more ravenously, the feeling of being watched and stalked increased in frequency. That was when Hux began receiving, what he could only classify as ‘gifts.’ It was always obvious who the perpetrator was. Flax had given Hux an awkward, apologetic look, before showing footage of Ren beating a Stormtrooper within an inch of his life. With the trooper incapacitated, Ren dragged him, using his power to larger hall, one that would become crowded before the shifts changed, and carved some sort of rune into the wall. Finally he wrenched off the trooper’s helmet and carried it off. “We had him removed and brought to medical already,” said Flax, “Lord Ren didn’t say anything the whole time, and we’ve no idea what provoked him.” “Thank you Sub-Lieutenant, I’ll have a word with him,” replied Hux. He pointed at the rune, “What does that say? Has it been translated?” “No, we’ve been unable to identify the language. Shall we keep the incident quiet, Sir?” asked Flax. “Nobody will be able to concentrate if they think Lord Ren is going to suddenly attack them. I’ll see to the matter personally,” said Hux. “Sir, I can send a security detail with you to confront him,” offered Flax. A whole security detail to watch as Ren declared his love, held him in place and molested him? Never. Hux replied stoically, “There’s no need for that sub-lieutenant. Ensure any other incidents are reported and quarantined.” “Yes, Sir…” said Flax, somewhat dejectedly. Hux could sympathize with her situation. This went against everything she had likely been taught about keeping a vessel safe and orderly. However, when dealing with Ren, it seemed like the only thing that worked. Cover up his attacks and pacify him as best they could. Hux sighed through his nose. What would he have to offer Ren to make him stop this time? “Sir, Ma’am, Lord Ren is…well he’s doing something again,” said a security officer, pointing to a monitor. Both Hux and Flax let out audible groans before Flax called out, “Section off the area. Say there’s a gravitational malfunction.” “Yes Ma’am, sending out the notice,” replied the officer. Hux pointed at the screen quizzically, “Are those my quarters?” Ren set the helmet by Hux’s door before walking off. The three of them stared at the screen in shock and confusion. It took a few moments to register what had just happened. Ren had bloodied up a Stormtrooper, stolen his helmet, and then delivered it to General Hux’s doorstep. Flax looked up at Hux, “Sir…why would he do that?” “I don’t know,” lied Hux. He had a few theories, none of them pleasant. He needed to redirect this though, “What was that Stormtrooper’s designation?” “NF-6948,” replied the officer. “Any prior instances of nonconformity or other deviations?” asked Hux. “Yes, there was one. He was sent to reconditioning after verbally harassing a fellow trooper,” said the officer, reading the report, “Then once again for sexual misconduct.” “If Captain Phasma has not been alerted, contact her immediately. Lord Ren may be pursuing non-conformists. The Captain may have a better understanding of the situation,” said Hux sharply, “In the meantime, watch his movements, keep an eye on his tracker. I’ll see to it that he stops this.” Hux pulled out his datapad and sent a message to Ren, ‘Usual time, usual place. We need to talk.’ Hux caught sight of Ren over the top of his datapad. The knight had paused, staring directly at the camera. Hux felt eyes on him again. The knight, slowly stalked forward, looking up and briefly lifted his hand. Was he waving? Ren brought his hand down and Hux felt something slide down his back. He bit his cheek and pressed his fingers to his palms to keep from crying out at the sudden, unexpected contact. The General pointed at the screen and commanded, “Bring up that camera feed. Full view.” The image widened on Hux’s request, swallowing half the screen. Ren continued to stare at the camera silently. Flax furrowed her brow, “What is he doing?” “Being a nuisance…” muttered Hux, watching the screen carefully. Ren raised his hand and Hux felt an invisible warmth slide against his cheek. It went away, the Ren gave a slight, teasing wave before taking out his comlink. Hux heard a tone sound from his own device, then pulled it out and turned on the speaker. Ren waved again, announcing, “During my meditation I’ve uncovered many traitorous thoughts. I’m sorry General, but despite your insistence at your men being well trained, they can’t seem to…help themselves. I can tell you’re listening too, sub-lieutenant. Don’t think I can’t sense your warped thoughts and desires. Stop, or you’re next.” Flax turned a bright red colour and Hux glowered at the screen, “Lord Ren you’ve gone too far. If you detect treasonous thoughts you are to report them to security and let them handle-” “You complain at meetings that I don’t help enough. It seems there’s no pleasing you, General,” sighed Ren. He took another step towards the camera, “Of course…we both know that’s just a front. You’re a very, very easy man to please.” Hux bit his cheek as Ren raised his hand again and he felt something grip him by the backside. It felt like it was cupping and squeezing, massaging experimentally. Hux growled, “Lord Ren you will cease and desist immediately.” Ren lowered his hand, “I’ll respond to your summons tonight, after I’ve neutralized the threats.” He turned and walked away. The security officer, having no idea what had just transpired stared at the screen, his mouth gaping wide. Flax had a hand to her lips, trying to will away an angry blush. Hux gritted his teeth, “We have to keep as many people out of his way as possible until we know what he’s after. Open a channel to Lieutenant Mitaka.” The security officer, recovering slightly, did as he was ordered. Hux spoke smoothly and clearly, “Lieutenant, it’s been brought to my attention that we’re overdue for a chemical contamination drill. Announce one immediately.” “Yes, Sir,” said Mitaka, slightly surprised. A moment later an alarm sounded throughout the ship and lights were cut to fifty percent. Outside the room Hux could hear people scrambling to secure locations. Good. With everyone focusing on the sudden alarm and remembering procedures Ren would have a harder time picking out his victims, and he would have to carve his way through secured, locked doors to get to them. Hux knew that this was not about hunting down traitors. “That should stall him,” Hux muttered, mostly to himself. He pulled out his datapad and wrote a message, ‘Desist and report immediately. Obey or request 28 will be suspended for the foreseeable future.’ He turned on his heels and spat, “I’m going to stop him. I’m not going to let that cretin have run of my ship…” Hux made his way to his quarters as quickly as he could, ignoring the few security officers who were knocking on doors, checking to make sure everyone had followed the correct procedures. Hux stared straight ahead, looking as aloof as he could. He felt a vibration from his datapad. If it was a message it would have to wait. There were more pressing things to attend to. He ground his teeth. Damn Ren. Damn him straight to each and every circle of hell. His rooms were not terribly close to security, and with the distance he had to cover, it took a few hours to get there. It was normally easier, but the transport system within the ship had been shut down for the drill. When the drill was over, Hux could only hope that he had disoriented Ren enough to make him lose interest in his task. Everything seemed fine, if eerily quiet and empty. As Hux approached his quarters he slowed. He spotted the helmet, along with two others, and five patches. His lip curled in disgust. Ren had taken his stupid infatuation too far again. Hux could not have the knight assaulting his crew over a fit of jealousy. His datapad vibrated again. It had been doing that constantly. No doubt officers wondering why they had not been informed that there would be an emergency drill today. Hux would have to come up with an excuse for that later. In the meantime he had to prepare for Ren’s arrival, figure out how he could convince the man to stop hounding everyone who had fleeting thoughts or feelings. Hux punched in his encryptions when he noticed something. There was a bloodstain. Hux recoiled immediately. Hesitantly he pulled his datapad from his pocket and looked at the mass of messages he had received. Some were from annoyed officers. Most were from Flax. Quick, informal, probably written under distress. ‘Sir, return to security immediately.’ ‘Sir, Lord Ren has somehow acquired your door’s encryption codes.’ ‘Sir, FN-6948 bled out in the medical bay. Time of death 16:41.’ ‘Sir, do not enter your quarters. We believe there’s a trap.’ Hux put the datapad away and took a few deep breaths through his nose. Ren was in his quarters. The knight had only been allowed access to his rooms with a code and invitation. Now it seemed that there really was no safe place left on the ship. He finished entering the code and the doors opened. Standing outside the room, looking in, it was pitch black. Hux called out, “Ren, you’ve gone too far. We need to talk.” There was no reply. “Kylo…I know you’re in there.” Hux called out again, “Lights one hundr-” Hux felt himself being launched forward and the doors closed behind him. He felt arms, real ones, not ones made up of Force energy wrap around him. Hux snarled, shoving them away, stumbling about in the darkness. He knew his own room better than anyone else though, and he knew where the weapons were hidden. He groped his way to the couch. He had a thin, stiletto knife discreetly attached to the underside. Ren pulled him back again, whether it was with the Force or his real hands, Hux had no idea. Ren covered his mouth from behind and hissed, “Shh! Hux, shh! It’s okay, you’re safe!” Hux elbowed Ren and turned around, “You just assaulted my crew, again, started touching me with your powers and now you’ve broken into my quarters!? How did you get the codes!? Whose mind did you invade this time!?” Hux felt himself being seized by his upper arms, “Hux, it was more than…more than last time. It wasn’t subconscious. He was…actively thinking about it. Very actively. And once I started…I had to keep going.” “You can’t do this,” growled Hux. “What was I supposed to do!? I was meditating in the training room and then he walked by and…there it was. Someone…doing those things to you in their mind. I needed to stop him!” countered Ren. Hux drew back. He needed to try this from a different angle, “Kylo, unless they were all actively forming a plan, those sorts of thoughts can’t hurt me.” “They aren’t allowed to think about you,” insisted Ren, “You’re mine.” “Kylo…” said Hux slowly, “As distressful as it must have been, those thoughts aren’t a danger to me. If you really wanted to help me...you do want to help me don’t you?” “Yes,” Ren replied immediately, desperately, taking Hux by the shoulders again. “I’ll tell security that you’re going to assist them with keeping tabs on traitors. If you sense someone actively giving serious thought to desertion, destruction of this ship, devious behaviour or murdering me…then, and only then, you can intervene,” said Hux calmly, “Will that make you feel better?” “Hux he…” began Ren, shaking, “It was…the Stormtrooper… He…he was imagining you…on your knees…cum in your hair…it was so vivid…” It was fairly common for loudmouths to rave about wanting to put a Commanding Officer in their place, usually by sexually humiliating them. It was something Hux had brushed off as bluster, but had never enjoyed, finding it needlessly crass. And while he could see perhaps that the trooper may have been out of control from the start, and while Ren may have made a decent call in punishing him, but this was not how things were meant to be done. Hux could think of dozens more punishments that would send a stronger message than a sudden death at the hands of a volatile man. There were regulations and there needed to be order. “Submit a report about the thoughts you witnessed. The trooper is dead…we can spin this by saying he was planning to…humiliate and murder me, but this isn’t going to win you any favors with the crew. Whether we was a pervert or not, you killed their comrade,” said Hux calmly. “It was just a Stormtrooper,” huffed Ren. “He was NF-6948 and he was one of my Stormtroopers. One of Phasma’s Stormtroopers. He belonged to the First Order. He should have been charged, tried and punished accordingly. I can’t have you exacting vigilante justice because you feel like it. We have a system to handle problems like this,” Hux tried to reason. “He deserved it,” snapped Ren. “That isn’t the point,” said Hux, exasperated. It was clear that this was not going to work. Ren was going to do whatever he wanted. All he could do was try to curb it, turn it into something useful. Hux took a few breaths to clear his mind before trying a new tactic, “Ren, if you really can’t help overhearing these things…ignore any thoughts about sex or passing fancies. Look out for murder, violence, anarchy, destruction, taking care of crew and troops with those thoughts. Those are the ones who pose a real danger to me Kylo… doing that will keep me safe. I’ll talk to security about this. You can work with them, but no more killing, and you have to let them know before you strike. If you continue to upset the crew they may become hostile Ren, and they’ll come for the commanders who failed to keep them safe. Is that what you want? Mutiny? There’s eighty thousand of them and two of us. They can and will tear us limb from limb if they’re given a mind for it.” “No I…I wasn’t thinking about that. I just saw it…I saw him wanting to hurt you like that and…using your mouth and…I had to stop him,” said Ren quietly. “I know, and I understand,” said Hux, trying to sound comforting, “But for everyone’s sake this cannot happen again.” “I…I won’t. I’ll do what you said,” relented the knight. It would be like having his own private, security detail, capable of detecting treason without the need for cameras. Hux trusted his crew, so much so that he did not even carry a weapon, but there was always human error. People could always grow restless and discontented. Being on a ship was a bit like being stuck on an island. The only thing that kept everything from going straight to the ninth level of hell were rules and protocol. If following the rules failed to keep people secure and reasonably content, than the rules would be changed, and the ones who had upheld the rules would change with them. Ren, if he could be controlled, would eliminate that possibility of error, detecting mutinous activity before it started. If he worked with security, found a place for himself within the system that was already in place, things might work themselves out. Bottling up his frustration with the knight, Hux reached up to touch his face, “You need to stop fighting them over me and work with them.” “It was so vivid…” repeated Kylo, holding the smaller man close. Hux sighed. That was probably the closest thing to a ‘yes’ he was going to get. “You know I can’t have you running about taking matters into your own hands,” said Hux, pulling back, “Lights-” “Leave them off!” said Kylo urgently, “P-please, leave them off.” Hux’s brow furrowed, “Kylo…what did you do?” “It was…I didn’t think you’d…don’t be angry. Promise not to be angry,” begged Ren, “I just…needed you badly after that and…you weren’t here.” “What did you do?” repeated Hux more intensely. “I…on your clothes.” Hux hoped that did not mean what he thought it did. He called out urgently, “Lights one-hundred percent.” It took a moment for his eyes to adjust. There was Ren, standing in front of him, his holding the robe he had worn before in his hands. Hux froze as he stared at it. What had Ren been doing with it? He was holding it close to his face, had he been smelling it? Hux stood, his jaw going slack as the worst case scenerios ran through his mind. Ren going through his clothes, obviously showing a preference for intimate garments, smelling and touching them. Touching himself with them? Hux would have to give everything he owned a wash, somehow, before he would be able to wear any of it without his skin crawling. “It…smells like you…”mumbled Ren, giving the robe a sniff before holding it out for Hux to take. “We…we lost a lot of productivity today. I doubt tha- the Supreme Leader will be happy that we devoted time and energy that we could have used for tracking the Resistance on damage control,” stammered Hux, struggling to keep his hands from shaking as he folded the robe and set it aside, “How exactly do you plan on explaining this? You do remember if I distract you I might be transferred. It’s what’s going to happen if you keep causing problems like this.” “No! I- I know. I…I just got so angry. They shouldn’t think about you that way…doing those things to you…” said Ren dismissively, chewing his lip slightly, “You’re mine…you said you love me…” Hux felt his blood suddenly run cold again, “Kylo…I still don’t understand how you construed that…” “You can’t say it, I understand, but…you made it clear enough,” said Kylo, smiling slightly to himself. Hux sighed, “I’m going to give Flax the all clear. Let her know this has all blown over.” “Don’t meet with her alone again!” snapped Kylo. The table and couch jumped back an inch in response to the knight’s fury. Hux arched his brow, “Pardon?” “Don’t,” warned Kylo, looking him in the eye briefly before settling on his nose, “She hasn’t quite figured it out yet, but her feelings for you are strong. She might…try to take you away from me.” Kylo had mentioned Flax was protective of him, but had assumed it stemmed from the fact that she witnessed a couple of Ren’s attacks on him, that it was just loyalty. Flax was a good officer, he did not want to transfer her because Ren was jealous. She had proven herself trustworthy and able to keep a secret. Hux was not going to allow Ren to dictate which officers he kept and which ones he transferred. “She’s not good enough for you,” huffed Ren, “She wouldn’t be able to please you like I can. She doesn’t love you like I do, and I can protect you much better than she ever could.” “Well, you can start your pleasing me by submitting a full report to security,” sighed Hux, “And when you’re finished it would please me infinitely if you had the decency to alert security next time you perceive a threat so nobody thinks you’re having some sort of psychotic break.” “Or…” began Ren, chewing his lip and grinning slightly, “I could…maybe…you could let me touch you with the Force sometimes…I think you’ll like it…” Hux ground his teeth. “When you’re off duty?” Hux covered his eyes with his hand and squeezed his temples. “You can keep your clothes on…unless you want to take them off. I could do it for you.” Hux bit back the urge to shout his disgust and displeasure. “I’ll do it gentl-” “Kylo?” “…yes?” “I’m going back to work, and you aren’t going to use the Force on me,” said Hux, turning on his heel, “I expect you to be gone when I come back. And one more thing…” Hux glanced over his shoulder, brow furrowed, teeth gritted “This is my space where I come to be alone. I’m the sort of person who needs time alone to feel rested. You are never to enter uninvited again. Do you understand?” Ren sighed, “If you want. Though…if you turned up in my room unexpectedly sometime. I wouldn’t mind.” Hux ground his teeth and pressed his palms into his hands, “And don’t touch my clothes again…” “I told you, I needed you and you weren’t here. I just wanted to feel close to you,” protested Ren. Hux cringed as the knight ran his hand over the folded robe, “It’s soft, like you. I like your smell.” “Kylo, I said stop,” said Hux quietly, clenching his fists. He repeated, “I said stop.” “You’re not letting me touch you. You have to let me do something else,” said Ren. Hux’s eyes widened at the audacity of it. Ren said it as if it made perfect sense, like this was some sort of rule that everyone knew and Hux was being completely unreasonable over. Ren looked down at the robe, “You won’t even let me have a picture.” Hux closed his eyes, “I’m sure there’s one on file.” “I’ve seen all of those. I want one that’s just between us. Something that nobody else is allowed to see,” explained Kylo. “You killed a man, a member of the Finalizer’s personel. I’m not rewarding you for that,” said Hux staunchly. He gritted his teeth before saying as calmly as he could, “You can have one if you apologize to Phasma. I want you both to clear this up. Make all reports public. Everyone needs to know that this was an execution of a traitor who had plans to act suddenly, not some hot-blooded impulse on your part.” “So long as the message got through loud and clear, I don’t think we’ll have any trouble from them,” said Kylo, stroking his fingers over the robe. “What message…?” asked Hux, dreading the response. Kylo looked up at Hux sharply, “They seem to have this idea that I’m hurting you, and that you need to be saved from me. If any one of them tries to take you away, I’ll do the same to them.” He trailed his fingers over the robe lovingly, “You’re mine Hux. Only mine. I’m going to make sure you stay that way.” Another training session concluded and Hux was feeling more confident. Ren obviously struggled with concentration and focus, and it allowed Hux the power to toss the knight around like a ragdoll. He was getting quicker at forcing Ren out, though the Supreme Leader still referred to his technique as ‘clumsy.’ Hux was not sure how, perhaps the details were wrong, but so long as he could push Ren out, he was satisfied. It was also incredibly gratifying to see Ren with a bloody nose that Hux knew he was responsible for. “Do not allow him to detect you. Move with his thoughts, not against them. Allow yourself to flow through them.” Hux braced himself for another assault from Ren. No matter how many times the Supreme Leader said it, Ren could not seem to figure out how to do it. He growled in frustration and flipped a chair over before he sat in front of Hux again. He tried, but Ren made himself incredibly obvious. Hux did not need to summon specific memories or imaginary images to catch him anymore. He had figured out how to make even his equations hostile. Ren was in his head, in his territory. Here, Hux felt he had a terrain advantage. All of his thoughts could be used as weapons. Ren stumbled into a quadratic equation. Hux grinned as he willed the numbers to become white hot and bombarded the knight with them. Ren pulled back, panting, “Master, why can’t I get past him?” “You are allowing your presence to be known. You linger too long. Focus on your task.” “It’s impossible…” seethed Ren. “He chose the clay jar. It’s not so difficult to find.” Hux gasped slightly. He had not felt anything, he had not dropped his defenses. He looked away as Ren let out a frustrated sigh. “What is the simplest way to cut through metal?” “With…the correct tool?” Ren hazarded. “General? Any thoughts?” “Cut where it seems weakest, Sir,” replied Hux meekly, still wondering how on earth Snoke was getting in and out of his head without him even feeling it. “The simplest way, with the least effort, is to follow the path that feels most natural. Using the natural grooves and lesions as a guide, allowing a blade to glide through it. Let its own construct lead you. Once you have discerned the path, it is easy to follow it.” Ren let out another frustrated sigh and nodded. He asked, “How do I find that path?” “You have the benefit of knowing the General. What sort of man is he, Lord Ren? Would a direct assault on his mind pass unnoticed or alert him to an intrusion? Where is a mental space you can enter undetected?” Hux did not like to think he had left any openings, but obviously the Supreme Leader had entered into his thoughts somehow. Hux took the envelope and selected another image. A TIE Fighter. That ought to have been easy to hide. Hux let out an uneasy sigh as he gripped the arms of the chair again and waited for Ren to begin. Ren seemed to be studying him behind his mask. For a few moments Hux was consumed with fear. Not detecting anything, perhaps Ren was in his head already? Where had he gotten in? Hux combed through his thoughts and memories, searching for anywhere Ren might be hiding. “Allow the Force to guide you. Seek out that space in his mind where he will naturally grant you entry.” Hux felt something probe at the back of his mind. Not fear…this was…pleasure? He was not experiencing any sensations but suddenly his mind was being taken over by pleasant memories. The sun against his skin when he was very, very young. The scent of the oils Ren had used. The taste of something sweet filling his mouth. Hux steeled himself. He knew exactly where Ren was. Hux focused on the memories, turning them cold, putrid and sour respectively. Ren pulled away and let out an annoyed huff. “What made you choose that path, Lord Ren?” “He denies himself,” Ren accused, “I thought I could enter through a place he refuses to acknowledge. I thought he wouldn’t notice, since he ignores that part of his mind.” “Sound logic, though flawed in its execution. Meditate upon this. You will find the solution to be a simple one. Return in another two days’ time.” Hux sighed and rose to his feet. He checked himself for any bleeding. Nothing, this time, though Ren, removing his mask did not seem to have fared so well. Hux thought within the safe layers of his mental fortress, ‘He deserved worse…’ Ren wiped his nose and mouth, staring at Hux, “It’s a shame you aren’t sensitive to the Force. Your focus would have made you an excellent Jedi.” “Not a Sith?” asked Hux quizzically, “I thought you said I was surrounded by dark energy.” “You are, but your thoughts are focused and orderly and you’re a very disciplined person. You probably would have excelled in Jedi techniques. You don’t have the emotional openness to be a Sith,” explained Ren, “Your desire for power and order is…substantial, but it’s the only one you’re willing to acknowledge. The way you shut out your emotions and desires are very much like a Jedi.” “It’s the only desire that matters,” said Hux. Ren snorted back a laugh. He reached into his robes and tossed Hux a bloodied cap badge, “Don’t worry, I did what you wanted. Security is processing her right now. She was going to start a fight with another private…and she wanted to touch your hair.” Hux caught the badge, “Why are you giving these to me? I get security reports, I don’t need you to bring me evidence.” “They’re tokens,” said Ren, approaching and curling Hux’s fingers around the badge, “To show that I can protect you, and how much I love you.” Hux viewed them as a personal failing, a sign that the training system was flawed. Ren had collected more than ten little tokens for Hux now. Even if it had just been one, it was too high a number for Hux’s liking. Ren held his hand closed around Hux’s, “You don’t need anybody else. I’ll keep you safe.” “That rune you wrote, what was it, anyways?” asked Hux. Ren buried his face in Hux’s neck and whispered, sending shivers down Hux’s back, “There’s no proper translation. The closest Standard can come to it is…one who defiles something pure.” Hux flushed slightly, both from the words and from proximity. So this was not just about Ren guarding his perceived territory. That was still a large part of it but it had taken a new, sickening twist. Ren was no longer merely preoccupied with other people entertaining thoughts about him and punishing them for it. The knight was interpreting it as an infringement on Hux’s incidental chastity. And while the trooper in question had what sounded like a vivid fantasy, Ren’s reaction made one thing frighteningly clear. Ren had put a very specific claim on his so-called ‘purity’ and destroyed anyone who dared defile what he felt entitled to. More than that, Ren obviously had developed a fixation on it, like a child obsessing over what he was not allowed to have. Hux scowled to himself, had he accidentally instilled a new obsession in Ren? Perhaps playing the modest virgin was finally starting to backfire. Hux kept his eyes on their hands. Ren stroked his hands with his thumbs, “It’s been a few days. Can I kiss you…touch you a little…” Hux sighed, “I have another meeting soon…it’s a bad time…” Ren purred into his ear, pushing him lightly to make him sit on the conference table, “I can be quick, and I’ll be careful with you…” “Did you speak with Captain Phasma?” asked Hux quickly, “I won’t do this or give you any pictures unless you formally apologize to her.” Kylo groaned, “I don’t want to talk to her.” “Why not?” demanded Hux. “I can feel her…judging me, hating me. She doesn’t understand us. She thinks I’m hurting you, but I’m not. You love me, but she doesn’t know that,” said Kylo, sounding frustrated, “You should tell her about us.” “We don’t need to do that,” said Hux staunchly. “We do!” snapped Kylo, slamming his palms on either side of Hux’s legs, “She thinks I’m beating you, Hux! She thinks I…I raped you. But if I tell her I didn’t she won’t believe me. But if you say it she’ll have to believe you.” “I won’t do that,” said Hux. Ren wanted him to tell Phasma that they were in love? That what Ren had been doing was consensual? It wasn’t. He hated it. He hated the whole thing. “Call her here or send a message and tell her,” said Ren, almost at the point of growling. “No,” Hux snapped, shoving Ren back. “Do it,” snarled Ren, “At least tell her I didn’t rape you. She thinks about that a lot. You want to know what she thinks?” Ren reached out and grabbed his hair. Hux winced and hissed as he was held closer, “She thinks I hit you, hold you down, make you cry…like you can’t protect yourself.” It was the first time Ren had gone for that angle. Usually he simpered about their so called love and threatened to hurt Hux if he didn’t comply. This was different, worse. These were his worst fears coming true. If Phasma thought he was weak than surely other members of his crew did as well. And if they thought he was weak, he had no idea what they would do. Given the choice between love and fear with his men, Hux tried to straddle the line between them. He made himself imposing, but not heartless, trying to be fair so as to foster loyalty from everyone placed beneath him. Knowledge that he was weak was not going to help him. It would make his crew either pity or lose respect for him. He couldn’t risk that. The First Order was a military. It was built on respect for strength. Weakness was not tolerated. If it was generally thought that he couldn’t defend himself… And Ren gave him the means to make all that go away. If he was having some sort of rough rendezvous, then all the bloody lips and bruises and shakiness could be explained away. He wasn’t being weak, in fact, people might respect him more if he had a lover. For whatever reason other men seemed to think an active sex life was a sign of masculinity. He took out his datapad and scrolled through the functions, “I can’t let you now…I’ll give the picture to you later.” Ren waited as the call was finally placed. Phasma’s voice came clearly over the com, ‘This is Captain Phasma.’ “Are you alone?” asked Hux. There was a moment of silence, ‘Yes, sir. I’m in the morgue. NF-6843 is about to be spaced.’ As was the usual practice for traitors, getting jettisoned like trash. Hux spoke slowly, “I’m with Lord Ren…he offers his condolences.” ‘Condolences aren’t necessary over traitors. I apologize for not detencing his intent sooner. Had I known, I would have stopped him.’ Hux nodded as Ren stared at him, mouthing instructions at him. Hux took a deep breath, “Lord Ren was…protecting me. We have an arrangement. Please don’t interfere with it.” He recalled Ren’s threat, to get rid of anyone who got between them. That obviously meant Phasma as well. In addition to his reputation, Hux couldn’t risk Phasma. He didn’t like risking any of his command team, but least of all Phasma. Her voice came over the coms, ‘Sir…I’m not sure I can comply with that. This arrangement clearly isn’t good for your-’ “He’s fine,” snapped Kylo, “He’s sick of your assumptions. He wants you to stay out of this.” Hux couldn’t believe the interruption. Ren speaking for him, like he was the Knight’s property, like Ren had the right to decide what he wanted or needed. Hux was so stunned he could only stare at the knight as silence filled the room. Kylo growled into the com, “He told me to say sorry for undermining you. I’ll notify you before I take out any traitors the rest of you failed to identify.” “Don’t talk to her that way,” snapped Hux, “I said I wanted a good apology out of you. You’re the one in the wrong here, not her.” Kylo looked down at Hux and leaned in close. He spoke clearly and deliberately, “I’m sorry I punished him without your knowledge or input.” Hux pursed his lips before he called out, trying to remain stoic, “I’m very sorry for this incident, Captain.” “Tell her,” Kylo whispered. Hux ground his teeth and pressed his fingers into his palms, “And I don’t want any interference. I must have given you the wrong impression.” Phasma didn’t reply. What was happening must have been horribly obvious. Ren being in the same room as him, telling Hux what to say, he probably sounded like a battered housewife. There was nothing he could do about it though. If he refused, Ren would hurt him and he wouldn’t be able to work. If he didn’t tell Phasma not to interfere, he might lose his head Stormtrooper. This was the soundest move to make, and he hated it. He hated it so much. “Should my interference ever be needed, please alert me at once.” She wasn’t backing down. Hux could tell by her tone. If he knew Phasma like he thought he did, Hux knew she would mind her orders until given the signal to act. She was just waiting for him to say it, say that he wanted her to do something, to help him… But he couldn’t do that. He couldn’t ask for help. He wasn’t weak like that. He didn’t want to degrade himself by asking… “He’s fine,” Kylo said warmly, “I take care of him. Tell her Hux. I watch out for him, I take care of him when he’s sick, I protect him…” Hux shuddered as Ren released his hair and stroked it apologetically. Hux spoke quickly, “You’re excused Captain. I once again apologize for the lack of communication regarding the execution.” Bonus Stupidity General Hux rounded on Anorlost, "What did I say about shirking your duties?" "B-but..." the writer protested lamely, "Gay vampires?" "That excuse accounts for nothing," growled Hux. "No, seriously, check it out," said Anorlost. And quite suddenly the two of them found themselves in an old, Eastern European castle with vampire Kylo Ren. Hux stared up at the vampire, eyes wide as he was approached. Vampire Kylo, for his part, approached the General and greeted him cheerfully, "Hello, darling." "Which one of us is he calling 'darling?'" asked Hux, fingering the hilt of his blaster. "Why, you, darling," said Kylo, frowning as he drew closer, "And what happened to your hair? Oh darling, why would you ever dream of cutting it?" "He's making me uncomfortable," Hux whispered out the side of his mouth. "You're unwell? I'll have some tea sent for you. Is there anything else you would like?" asked Kylo. "Wait...he'll listen to me and obey instructions?" asked Hux. "To a point," replied Anorlost with a shrug. Hux started slightly before admitting, "Gay vampires are amazing..." Chapter 22 : (S)he opened the door with greatest pleasure Notes: I'm almost sorry for dumping this on people on Christmas...um...I also wrote some fluff? I hope that makes it better. It didn’t take Hux long to notice that he was being tailed. His new stalkers were much more subtle than Ren, but they were present, and they were hardly undetectable. He knew all of the Stormtrooper patrols, but it seemed that Phasma had altered them in an alarmingly specific way. Every time he turned around he caught sight of a trooper nearby. They didn’t seem to be interfering at all, just walking by at regular intervals. Phasma was clearly keeping an eye on him, and Hux wasn’t sure what to think of it. He had ordered Phasma not to become involved, for her own safety as well as that of her troopers. He felt that his rank and reasoning ought to be reason enough for her to follow orders, and it irked him that Phasma wasn’t listening. And yet, whenever he saw someone in white armour go by, he felt himself being able to breathe a sigh of relief. It was the first time he’d felt able to do so since Ren had returned to the ship. Until he recalled the dead trooper. Ren wasn’t the most unbiased source for information, but he began to wonder how many of his crew had an interest in him. He’d assumed there might be a few, statistically it was bound to happen. He knew people had their fantasies and thoughts, but he’d never given any thought to the possibility that they would be so…serious and degrading. He’d heard all the jokes and baudy declarations before, but he’d never heard, up until then, of any of them acting on it. If Ren was correct, there could be more. There could be others on the ship who wanted to hurt him. Hux wondered if this was part of Ren’s plan, or if he was giving the knight too much credit. It was possible that the knight was trying to make him second guess his own men. It would make him more and more dependant on Kylo for protection if a wedge was placed between Hux and everyone else on the Finalizer. Hux knew he should trust his men. It had only been one incident, unlikely to happen again, but it was hard not to wonder what others might be thinking, if they might have plans. Ren had said he would act if he sensed anything, so surely he was safe… Hux sighed. He tried to think of who on the ship he could trust. Phasma, that was for certain. Mitaka…that was two for certain, and the most important to know he could trust. Flax could be trusted as well, though if Ren became much more zealous she would soon be in danger as well. Hopefully her little infatuation could be quelled easily. Having to make someone fall out of love with him was a problem Hux never dealt with before, and could only hope Flax would use her better judgement and make the feeling go away. Of course, if he could make Ren’s feelings go away, everything would be so much simpler. In the meantime, the knight wanted a picture. Hux took one, and then received a message saying it wasn’t ‘right.’ Hux had no idea what was wrong with it. It was a headshot, an unprofessional one, but the image was clear, his features were visible and the background wasn’t distracting. He would never submit it for an identification holo, but it seemed to be alright. As usual, the knight saw fit to correct him. The last thing he wanted was to enter Ren’s private quarters, but admittedly, a part of Hux was curious. There was no better way to analyze a person than to look through the place where they spent their private time. A lot could be gleamed from objects, levels of neatness, what was considered valuable and what wasn’t. Part of him foolishly hoped he might spot something, a sort of weakness he might be able to use for leverage. He had no idea what that might be, but he hoped that there might be something. He was about to knock on the door when it opened. Ren, maskless, looked at him with a sort of expression Hux had never seen before. The knight looked strangely giddy, with a broad smile on his face. He held the door open for Hux, “I’ve been waiting, come in.” Hux arched his brow and peered inside, taking a cautious step before entering. The only thing he really recognized were the walls, which were the same in any private room on the ship. The furniture was different though. Hux supposed Ren’s rank afforded him the right to furnish his rooms in any way he chose, provided it was all safe and bolted down in case of a gravitational malfunction or turbulence. Most officers went with whatever was standard and regulation, as a sort of unspoken rule. Anything remotely luxurious was looked down upon as being too excessive, too much like the New Republic. Ren hadn’t been raised among officers, so he might not have known that. Hux took a moment to study the sitting room. The chairs seemed to have much more padding than Hux thought necessary, and the couch was quite long. The small table between them all was ornate, but very, very scuffed. There were a pair of cups on the table, almost reminiscent of old Naboo culture in their design. Ren closed the door behind him and announced, “I made you tea.” Hux moved away slightly. This was far too civil for Ren, there had to be some sort of catch. The knight wouldn’t just invite him in for tea, take his picture and allow Hux to leave. More than that, nobody Hux had ever known was nice just for the sake of it. Everyone wanted something in exchange for their civility. And Ren’s extatic expression just put Hux all the more on edge. The knight seemed to answer his question as he mumbled shyly, “I’ve never…had a guy I like in my room before…” Never? That was interesting. Hux supposed that people who didn’t grow up in military facilities would have extremely active social lives. Even at that, Ren had proven that he was perfectly able to badger someone he ‘liked’ into entering his rooms. The knight was twenty-five. Hux had thought that surely at some point in his teenage years Ren must have had a relationship with someone. How else had he gotten all of these ridiculous notions? He couldn’t have been the first person Ren had fallen in love with. “We can sit together,” said Ren, pointing at the couch, “Um…maybe you’re hungry? I could get you something to eat. I keep some things I like in my storage units.” Hux wondered if this was anything like what people did when they were courting. Ren clearly seemed to be trying to emulate something. The knight bit his lip slightly and looked away, “I’m sorry I pulled your hair…but could you say something?” Hux remembered the Helden and how something had been slipped into his drink. It was best not to ingest anything he hadn’t thoroughly inspected or prepared himself. Hux shook his head, “I don’t need anything right now.” Ren seemed slightly disappointed, but undeterred, “Oh…that’s alright. Let’s just sit then.” “You said the holo-pic I made was wrong,” said Hux, matter of factly, moving towards the couch at a brisk pace, trying to betray no emotion, “What was wrong with it?” Ren followed, moving behind Hux and standing there as he replied, “I know you wouldn’t want to make anything risqué. I would never give it out, but I know devices can be hacked. The last thing I’d want is anyone seeing you like that.” Hux paused, waiting for Ren to move. He didn’t. Hux muttered quietly, “What are you doing?” Hux cringed as he heard a slight sniffle. Then the knight replied, “N-nothing. Here.” Ren offered his hand. Hux tried not to scowl at the gesture, an old one used in mostly patriarchal societies, where a man offered a hand or arm so a woman could support herself and sit down. The knight seemed to enjoy degrading him in subtle ways like that. Hux took the hand and sat down, wanting to get this overwith as quickly as possible. He couldn’t help being sidetracked by how strange the seat beneath him felt though. It was soft, and sunk in around him slightly. Hux didn’t fell particularly well supported, but for some reason it felt comfortable. He almost enjoyed the way he sank into the couch. It was warm as well. Unfortunately, like everything else, it didn’t take long for his co-commander to ruin it. Ren moved and sat beside him eagerly. Looking Hux over with excited, sparkling eyes. “You didn’t answer,” said Hux, when he finally conjured up the nerve to speak again, “What was wrong with the image?” “I said I wanted one of you that was private,” Ren tried to explain, “It doesn’t have to be racy, it just…I’d like it to be a side of you that nobody else gets to see.” That was a small comfort at least. Ren didn’t want him half dressed and posing like some pin-up girl fixed to a cadet’s foot locker. The knight continued, “It’s okay if you’re camera-shy. We could take one together.” Hux nodded. It was just a picture. One image that would hopefully keep Ren at bay for a while. Then the knight added, “Of course…you can keep holos on a secure drive. The technology is a bit older, but it’s better than keeping it on some sort of cloud that anyone can access. We could use one of those.” “I don’t want to do that,” insisted Hux. “Nothing bad just…if you sat on my bed? You don’t have to do anything else. It’s enough if you’re just sitting there and I know it’s mine,” explained the knight. He gave a slight, nervous laugh, “Besides, taking your clothes off is too complicated. Too many straps and clasps. We’d be here all night.” Hux thanked the stars that whoever designed the First Order uniforms had made them ludicrously elaborate. Hopefully they would remain far too complicated for Ren to want to forcibly remove them. If they did, it would save him the constant worry of the knight trying to forcibly strip him. Just sitting on a bed…nobody who saw the picture ought to be able to tell who’s bed it was. Compared to what might have been asked of him, the request was quite tame. None the less, Hux tried not to think of what Ren might do with the picture. Images still came to mind though, Ren bringing up the holo to stroke it, touch it, touch himself as he looked over it… “It’s okay, I really don’t want to risk anyone else seeing you that way,” Ren tried to assure him, “It’s…I like being the only one. I like that it makes things more special. I wouldn’t want to ruin that because some file or another got leaked onto the holonet.” Hux cringed once more as he felt a warm and very solid arm drape around him. He hated how well-built the knight was. As if his mystic powers weren’t enough, Ren’s sheer size was intimidating. Hux recalled seeing him naked and couldn’t force the thought from his mind. Despite nearly being the same height, Ren was twice as broad. Hux was confident in his training, and knew if it came down to it than he could defend himself, but with Ren’s powers thrown into the mix he would be defenseless. It just drove home how small and defenceless he felt, especially here where nobody was allowed in. Not even cleaning staff. If something happened nobody would be coming in to assist him. “You…this thing you have going on, with not having sex. It’s frustrating, but I like it. It makes it feel like you’ve been waiting your whole life for me,” said Kylo. Hux resisted the urge to correct him. It wasn’t about chastitiy at all. While not having sex had certainly been his choice, one Hux felt caused less complications and distractions, he’d never wanted sex. He relieved himself, when necessary, and after every time he thought of what a colossal waste of time it had been. Sometimes he had dreams, or thoughts would creep into his mind, mostly of sensations he might like to feel, but he’d never been able to imagine a partner. He wasn’t attracted to anyone, so all Hux really had to go on in terms of what he was attracted to was a combination of ideas and animal urges. When he had thought, knowing he would likely have to produce an heir someday, of who he might enjoy sex with and nobody came to mind. When he had been younger it had been alarming. Mostly because his sexuality had been so difficult to pin down. How exactly did one detect the absence of something that was normally described as normal and healthy? Did this mean he was abnormal and diseased? It took some time, ruling out all possible types of attraction to males, females, even non-humanoids before Hux concluded that he simply didn’t experience sexual attraction. Apparently he could become aroused, his body still had urges, but he didn’t see anyone as attractive and wasn’t attracted to any specific traits. It was like being hungry without the ability to taste and trying to choose something to eat. Taste wouldn’t matter, so all that was left was to make a decision based on something else. He certainly hadn’t been waiting his whole life for Ren. Or anyone for that matter. His sexuality made his virginity purely incidental and Ren was reading far too much into it. So much so that it had become more than uncomfortable. At first it had been like a shield, a trump card that Hux could use when Ren got out of hand. Now it was a fetish, something Ren had somehow become attracted to. Why? What on earth was so attractive about celibacy? Hux was hardly a blushing virgin maid that most cultures held up as idealistic. He would have thought that others would prefer an experienced partner over someone who had no idea what to do once the bedroom door closed. “Can I…tell you something?” asked Kylo. Hux knew he didn’t have much of a choice, but he nodded anyhow. At least he could feel like he had a say in whatever action the knight took next. Ren shifted next to him, pulling Hux against his chest, “I just…sensed you being confused and…it’s not…” Ren paused as he gathered his thoughts, “It’s not like when other people fetishize virgins. I don’t…I mean, I don’t hate that I’ll have to explain things to you, or that I get to be your first. I like those things.” Hux squeezed his eyes shut and tried to pretend he hadn’t heard that. It was still so presumptive. Like it was a foregone conclusion that he was going to give himself to the knight. Hux knew it was true; the Supreme Leader had practically gift wrapped him for Ren, nobody would be coming to his aid in this. He didn’t want it to be true though. Of all the things the future might hold for him, Hux had never wanted this to be one of them. Still, he had known it would. Not like this, but he knew eventually he would have to have sex with someone… “But…I knew a couple, a long time ago. I don’t…I don’t really think they were faithful to each other,” explained Ren, “I was close with them, and I suspected for a while. I know this isn’t the same, but it’s like…it feels like you were being faithful to me even before I met you. It’s strange to think but…it’s a little like you were destined for me.” Or Hux just so happened to be asexual, which just so happened to lead to his disinterest in having sexual relations, which just so happened to make him a virgin, which Ren just so happened to find attractive. Destiny and fate had nothing to do with it. If Hux had been destined for anything it was to serve the Order and conquer the galaxy. It was what he had been made for, bred for, trained to accomplish since birth. He’d been told, if he survived, he would do great things. His destiny had never been to be a play thing to some overgrown child. “I’m not a virgin but…there are still things I’m doing for the first time with you,” said Kylo. He leaned forward, dragging Hux down with him for a moment as he picked up his mug, “I’ve never done this before. I wanted to, but either I never met anyone, or I didn’t have a place I was living permanently. It’s nice…I like this.” That made one of them. Ren took a sip and pulled Hux in closer, “You…you smell really good today. And I really am sorry about pulling your hair.” Hux recalled the sensation of a large hand lacing through his short hair and closing into a fist. It had hurt, not as much as many other things, but it had been painful. It had felt like his scalp was being torn, the knight’s grip had been so strong. Ren’s hand moved, sliding sickeningly slow up Hux’s arm to lace into his hair again. Hux braced himself for it to be pulled again, though it never came. Ren traced little circles into the scalp, scratching lightly and massaging. Hux felt warm lips being pressed to his hair as the knight muttered, “I didn’t mean for it to hurt. Are you mad?” Of course he was mad. Hux supposed it would have been too much for Ren to apologize without making some awful excuse about not meaning for something to hurt or not intending to damage something else. Clearly the knight had meant to pull his hair, wrench his head downwards, and hold him in place until Phasma was told to stand down. He wasn’t even denying it. The knight was just upset that he hadn’t gotten away with it. Still, it was an apology. Ren was at least acknowledging that his behaviour was unpleasant in some way. It left an opening. An opportunity to make it clear that the apology was a desired behaviour and pulling hair wasn’t. It didn’t sicken Hux quite so much this time. Before on the Helden he’d just been- no, nearly been compromised. It hadn’t been sex. It hadn’t. None the less, it was far easier to put the hair pulling out of his mind than it was being insulted after being held down and molested. Hux leaned back against Ren, causing the knight to gasp slightly. Hux wasn’t sure what exactly it was appropriate to offer in this instance, but he needed to make sure Ren would equate good behaviour with rewards. If Hux could manage that, hopefully Ren would start using ‘good’ behaviour in the hopes of getting what he wanted. Hux turned in slightly, moving his arm slightly around Ren’s shoulders and resting the other on the knight’s leg. Hux sighed, and as much as it bruised his pride he replied, “Thank you…it hurt a lot.” “I didn’t mean to,” Ren whispered, pulling him in tighter, “I just get mad and…it happens.” “Like the insects and animals you told me about,” said Hux quietly. “Yeah…you understand, right? I don’t try to hurt them. Most of them I liked I just…I didn’t know or I got mad, or something would happen and…you know I don’t mean to do it right? It was an accident,” said Ren. It was hardly an accident, but Hux replied, “And now you know it hurts and I don’t like it, so you won’t do that to me again, will you?” “I’ll try…” said the knight, which Hux supposed was the best response he could have hoped for. He squeezed a little tighter before asking, “This isn’t too tight?” “No…” replied Hux quietly, “Why do you ask?” “A long time ago…I accidentally crushed something. I wanted to hug it and…it was another accident,” Ren explained quietly. He nuzzled against Hux, “I’m so glad…you aren’t like them, you try to understand. You’re so good.” “I thought I was teeming with dark energy,” muttered Hux. The knight let out a sniff of laughter, “Dark doesn’t mean evil you know. I’ve seen plenty of light Force-users I wouldn’t describe as good.” He pulled back and Hux noticed that bizarre nervous and excited look again, “And…since you understand so much, I think I can show you. I know you won’t think its strange…” Hux hoped he hadn’t done something to indicate interest in another perversion. He still had no idea how Ren had decided that Hux had declared his love for him. The knight had been snivelling and Hux said something to try to calm him down. What was it? That was right, he had said, ‘I know,’ because the knight was repeating himself and somehow, something that he had either said or done at that moment made Ren think that Hux had indicated that his feelings were returned. Ren offered his hand again and Hux accepted, finding it better not to upset the knight now that he was slightly more peaceable. The knight kept looking back as he approached a door, one that wasn’t in any other quarters. Hux recalled approving modifications for Ren’s room, after having it explained that the knight required a space for meditation and mental training exercises. He’d never been inside though. He had never cared to learn what Ren did inside the little space. Ren smiled brightly and the doors opened. Hux looked inside and his heart nearly stopped. There was a helmet on a sort of pedestal. It was warped and crushed, but what it had been was still obvious. Hux clasped a hand over his mouth in pure shock. Darth Vader. He was starting through a doorway at Darth Vader’s helmet. He supposed being a Sith Lord, it would be considered a relic to anyone with those sorts of religious leanings. Hux couldn’t help gaping behind his hand. He had thought that the helmet and everything else associated with Vader had disappeared after the battle of Endor. “Ren…how did you get that?” asked Hux, after a moment’s stunned silence, “I thought it was destroyed.” “It was important to me,” explained the knight, “I searched a long time for it. It was all I could find. It’s alright, you can look.” Hux felt a hand at the small of his back nudge him closer to the entrance. He took a small step forward and noticed the helmet in a pile of ashes. Hux stared up at Ren, “Those aren’t his, are they?” Ren let out a short laugh and Hux saw him shake his head as the knight approached the pedestal, “No, not his. I know you’ll understand. I thought…if he was here, if he could see, he’d be proud. So I bring these for him to see.” Ren playfully dipped a finger into the pool of ash before blowing it off, watching it swirl into the air, “It’s all that’s left of my enemies.” Hux felt sick. He’d seen dead bodies before, but not like this. Not as part of some insane shrine to a dead sith lord in the hopes that the display would make him proud. It was preposterous. But he couldn’t think that, or show it. He couldn’t risk Ren getting angry. Nobody would come to help him here. Hux squared his shoulders and tried to ignore the fact that the helmet was resting on a pile of burnt offerings. On its own, it was impressive. The fact that Ren had tracked this down on his own showed some skill, some determination and some reverence for someone else. Hux tried to focus on that, just the helmet. “I almost can’t believe it’s real…” said Hux quietly. “It’s real, trust me,” said Ren, “I’d be able to tell if it wasn’t.” Hux moved a little closer. He tried to pretend that the ashes weren’t a bizarre sort of offering. Hux knew plenty of people who kept trophies from battles or assassins who tok souveniers from their targets as proof. This shouldn’t bother him. He’d seen plenty of dead bodies, held them, touched them, smelled rotting flesh around him. This was just more of that, like background noise. It was unexpected, it was in a place he wouldn’t have thought to look for it, but it wasn’t really worthy of attention. Hux ignored the dust as best he could and looked over the helmet. He’d seen relics from the Empire before, but nothing as impressive as this. He ought to take it in regardless of circumstances. “So this is all that’s left of Darth Vader…” mumbled Hux. “Not quite,” said Ren, “He was trained as a Jedi Knight. When they die, there’s a technique they can use to stay connected to us through the Force. He’s still out there.” Ghosts. Ren was talking about ghosts. And yet…that was probably the sanest thing the man had said in quite some time. With all the mystic powers at work in the universe; telepathy, telekinesis, healing, why shouldn’t there be ghosts? Luke Skywalker, an enemy General, was said to have attributed part of his victory to the mentorship of Obiwan Ken-Obi, who had communicated with him even after death. Some of Hux’s tutors had said this was because the Rebel General had been insane, but those who acknowledged the Force were less quick to jump to such conclusions. Ren touched Hux’s arm lightly, “I think he’d like you…” “I don’t recall him liking Imperial Officers very much,” said Hux, recalling his history lessons and statistics on how many of his own Lord Vader had killed or injured. If Lord Vader had been alive, Hux would have been happy to avoid being asphyxiated. “Only the bad ones,” said Ren with a grin, his hand beginning to circle Hux’s bicep. The knight may as well have been saying, ‘come’ and ‘heel.’ Hux allowed himself to be pulled away, taking a last look at the helmet. He couldn’t believe such a priceless artifact had been brought onto his ship without his knowledge. He also hadn’t been able to believe that his crew had developed a system for using supply closets for illicit rendezvous. It made him wonder what else people on his ship had been doing without him knowing anything about it. He wondered if what he had been doing had escaped observation. Ren brought him to another room, one Hux recognized the layout for, but not the decore. Hux’s own bed was a simple one. A matress large enough for two to occupy and two pillows. From what Hux had understood it was because officers in the past had been much older, and married. So in the past when wives or husbands had come for a prolonged visit, larger beds were needed and somewhere along the line it had become tradition and considered a privilege for those who had worked to achieve their rank. If Hux’s bed was simple, but large enough to accommodate a partner, Ren’s was massive. Hux thought he might drown in it, the thing was so massive. The fabric on the bed, which was yet to be made, shimmered slightly as Hux approached. He wasn’t sure he had ever seen anything like it before, not in person. He had read about fabrics that could do that. He heard a noise and turned in time to see Ren slam a drawer and look over at Hux in shock. The General pursed his lips. He hadn’t been paying attention to the night table and hadn’t seen anything strange on it. Obviously there had to have been something there. “It’s…something I use when I’m alone,” said Ren quietly. Hux nodded and turned his attention back to the bad, “Do you really need one this big?” “It’s comfortable,” said Ren, “Try it. They aren’t hard like the other ones.” After having mentioned that Ren kept things in his room that he used when he was alone, Hux wasn’t terribly keen on touching the bed. The knight probably touched himself there and now this was going to feed into one of his fantasies. He didn’t want to think of the knight lying down after he left, touching where he had laid or sat and stars- smelling it. Ren crossed the room and sat on the bed, looking up at Hux, “It doesn’t bite. Just try it.” Hux moved forward and shut his eyes. He would just have to stop thinking about it. One picture and Ren would give him a little more room to breathe. It was just a picture and it would be over. Whatever happened to the picture after was nobody’s business. He didn’t have to think about it. Hux turned and sat down, resisting the urge to jump as the matress sank beneath him, just like the couch. The shimmering fabric was soft and cool underneath him. It felt so strange, and Hux was almost appaulled by how much he liked it. “It’s funny when you pretend not to like something,” scoffed Ren. Hux was about to chastise him when he noticed a datapad soaring across the room towards the knight’s waiting palm. This was it, but it would be alright. It was only a picture. Ren held up the pad and looked at the screen, tapping a few things, swiping a few others before he fixed his eyes on the screen. He looked at Hux from overtop of the screen, “Maybe…sit by the pillows?” Hux glanced up towards the head of the bed where the pillows were. There were three. Who on earth even needed three? Hux tried to focus on that as he moved. The sooner this was over, the sooner he could leave. He sat at the head of the bed and watched Ren. The knight shook his head, “You still look uptight.” Hux had no idea what Ren wanted and it frustrated him. The knight edged closer, “Here, lie against the pillows, I’ll help you.” “Ren, you asked me to sit on your bed, I’m sitting on your bed. That should be enough,” protested Hux, rising to his feet. Hux felt himself being shoved back. Ren loomed over him, one hand on either side of the General’s head and a frighteningly playful expression on his face as he teased, “Fiesty.” Hux gritted his teeth, “Did you just push me with your powers?” “It was just for fun. It didn’t hurt,” said Ren, reaching for Hux’s face. Hux sealed his eyes shut and jerked his head away. He hadn’t agreed to this. He didn’t want to be touched. He was about to shout when he felt fingers in his hair, pulling it out of place, ruffling it, making a mess of it so it fell down into his face. When the movements stopped he looked up at Kylo, panting. Hux hadn’t realized how hard he was breathing and how fast his heart was pounding until he opened his eyes and saw Ren, calm and quizzical, staring down at him. “There,” purred the knight, cupping Hux’s face, “Just like that.” Hux froze as he felt the top few clasps if his tunic coming undone, “Just like that…” Hux was so fixated on Ren that he didn’t hear a soft noise, mimicking a shutter. He began to catch them as they clicked in rapid succession. Once he noticed Hux growled, “You must have gotten one you like, let me up Kylo, I have to leave.” The knight looked hurt, “You just got here…we don’t usually get to spend any time together like this.” “I didn’t know you wanted that. I thought I was just coming here to clear up some questions,” said Hux. The answer was honest, and didn’t make mention of the fact that this, these pictures, were making him inexplicably frightened. Hux closed his eyes, “I gave you what you wanted. I know I work a lot and that’s why I let you take the pictures. That was the deal. You have the pictures so I can work.” “You can’t just show up here and leave…you can’t tease like that,” countered Ren, once again looming over him, “You’re…you’re the first I let in here. I showed you things I haven’t shown anyone else. You can’t leave yet.” Hux seemed to recall Ren stalking up behind him, freezing him, touching him, and then leaving, giving no thought to anything but his own desires. Hux tried to argue, “And I’m flattered…but I didn’t know. I’m expected elsewhere.” With some difficulty he added, “I made a mistake. It’s an accident, I didn’t mean to.” He thought using Ren’s own words would help, but they didn’t. They only seemed to make him angrier. Ren growled, “Seems you’ll put all your thought into anything but me.” “I made a mistake, I didn’t know you wanted me here longer,” Hux repeated. “And how are you going to make up for your mistake,” asked Ren. Hux gasped as he felt fingers ghost over his exposed throat. He had to think of something. If not Ren would declare something and he would be forced to comply with it. “Make a vid,” said Hux, “It can’t be explicit…just in case someone finds it.” “And you’ll come back,” ordered Ren, “You’ll come here again and…we’ll do it right. No excuses.” Hux pursed his lips before agreeing, “No excuses…” “Good,” said the knight, picking up the datapad. He looked down and Hux could feel dark eyes raking over his body. Hux followed the knight’s eyes to the datapad and saw a red light, indicating a recording in progress. Ren lowered the datapad along his body, then back up again, as if he was scanning it. Hux saw the pad hovering over his face as the knight commanded, “Lick your lips.” Hux didn’t understand why he wanted that, but he complied, wetting his lips with his tongue and pursing them, not realizing how dry they had become. A large hand cupped his cheek and the pad of a thumb ghosted over his lips. Ren murmured, “You feel so good…” It was then that Hux noticed the knight was straddling him. He remembered the pose, the one that the training dummy had taken during the defence against sexual assault simulation. Hux knew what would happen if he fought though. He wouldn’t get two steps beyond the bedroom door before Ren caught him again. And then what? Nothing good, that was for certain. “Kylo…” Hux said, trying to stay calm so he could find a way out of this. “Turn your head,” said Kylo, practically doing it for Hux as he pushed his head to the side with a massive hand, trailing down his cheek to his throat, “You look good like this too…” “Is that enough?” asked Hux, “Is that all you need?” “I still need you to come back. Nothing bad will happen, we’ll just sit and talk, the way you like,” replied Ren. Hux couldn’t recall ever liking their talks, but he would take a conversation over an attempt at ‘pleasing’ him any day. Ren moved the datapad to the side, “It’s okay, you don’t have to be afraid, I’m not angry anymore. You tried to fix it. It’s alright Hux…” “I have a meeting…” said Hux quietly. He heard a tone from his own datapad. He kept eyecontact with Ren as he fished it from his pocket. He looked at the message, barely able to believe his luck as he explained, “Its security. I was late and they want me to respond so they don’t start a wild Nerf-chase looking for me.” “I guess you should leave before they tear the ship apart then,” groaned Ren, clearly not pleased as he pulled away. He pressed something on his datapad and Hux saw a holovid of himself playing. He felt sick when he saw Ren touching the smaller version of himself and purring, ‘You feel so good…’ “Goodbye then,” said Hux hurriedly, choking back bile. He knew exactly what Ren was going to do with that image. He hated that he knew. He tried to convince himself that the knight was just going to gawk at it, but he couldn’t force himself to be that naïve. Ren had taken a holo of him being touched against his will, and the knight was going to masturbate to it. Hux tried to convince himself it wouldn’t happen, but as he turned and caught Ren ogling the holo, creating loops of Hux gasping, he knew what would happen as soon as he left the room. “Hux,” said Ren, looking up, smiling shyly and looking away, “…you should come back sometime…just for tea?” Hux clenched his fists as he walked away, “I’ll think about it…” *** “I wasn’t late you know.” Hux whispered the words as he passed Phasma on the bridge. He leaned in close to her console, pretending to be examining something. “I don’t know what you mean, sir,” replied Phasma, opeining a file for Hux to pretend to read. Something about a report in Sanitation. “I received a message that I was late for a meeting. I wasn’t late. I actually had half an hour of breathing room,” said Hux quietly, watching her from the corner of his eye. “I see, I must have made a mistake then. Forgive me,” she replied stoically. Hux pursed his lips, remembering Ren on top of him, making that video…if he hadn’t received the message he wasn’t sure what the knight would have done. Phasma was the only reason he had come out of that room with his mind and body intact. How was he supposed to say that though? How was he supposed to thank her? He had been rescued, like a damsel in distress who couldn’t save herself. When had he become someone who needed constant saving? He didn’t like it, but he didn’t want to leave this alone. Phasma had done him a favor, he at least owed her some sort of thanks. “Captain…” Hux began. “Don’t worry sir, I’ll endeavor to correct the error in the future. Perhaps if I had access to your schedule, it would help to ensure such mistakes are not repeated,” said Phasma. Hux knew exactly what she wanted, and why. He took out his datapad and tried to push that one rogue trooper from his mind. This was Phasma. If nobody else, he could trust Phasma. He sighed and mumbled, hoping nobody overheard, “Sending the file now…thank you, Captain.” Bonus Stupidity "So, you memorized my entire routine," observed Hux. "Indeed Sir, I felt it within my own and in Security's best interest if all your movements were made general knowledge. We observed all your activities and made some notes," replied Phasma. Hux swallowed nervously before asking, "All of them?" "You've no habits you need to be ashamed about," said Phasma, "Even your...quirks...are quite tame by most standards." "...Quirks?" asked Hux, dreading the answer. "Yes Sir. On Wednesdays at exactly twenty one hours and thirty minutes, you consume half a quart of strawberry ice cream and gain no weight. Every woman and some men on a twenty foot radius burn with jealousy. On Thursdays at the same time, just after your ship ends, you comb through the archives for cute kitten videos. Ones involving purring are bookmarked. In the private exercise rooms you list yourself as doing yoga, but you are in fact jazzercising-" "Thank you, Captain, I feel so much less humiliated now," growled Hux. "It was my pleasure, sir. Your Jazz-hand technique is flawless," said Phasma. Chapter 23 : Go, go, go my love Notes: This is basically an 'I'm not dead' update. Landed in Tokyo last night, ate some noodles and passed out. My hiatus was longer than expected. Moving was intense and some other crap came up. I'm probably not going to update next week, since I need time to adjust to a new time zone and get used to my new job. So in two weeks I should get to my next update. Thanks to everyone for being so patient with me. Also the Bonus Stupidity from chapters 21 and 22 are up. This…could not be happening. Ren had made a fair amount of progress in their mental training, though he was nowhere near perfect. Hux could still find and expel him, though admittedly the finding part was becoming harder. Hux was anticipating the session to end as it always had, with the Supreme Leader dismissing them and reminding them to return in two days’ time. Then they would wipe their bloody noses, though once Kylo had bled from his ears, something Hux had been particularly proud of, and then they would leave. Of course, if it also happened to be a day Ren required attention, Hux would linger a while and let the knight get it out of his system before leaving, feeling debauched and used as usual. Hux never expected the Supreme Leader to issue a command like this. “You will find a Jedi by the name of Aroka Vae-Tan on the planet Hathan. He holds something of value. You will obtain more information from him,” instructed the Supreme Leader. “Yes, Master,” said Ren. “General Hux will accompany you.” Hux froze in his chair. He wanted to question the soundness of the decision, he really felt he had to. He was a General. Ren could go about unmasked in civilian clothing with nobody the wiser, but him? He was a high profile member of the First Order. His appearance, mostly due to his hair, was instantly recognizable. Hathan was a neutral planet, but even so, somebody would notice that General Hux was travelling off world. That would tip this Jedi off for certain and make him steer clear. Besides, hadn’t all of the Jedi been killed? Weren’t there other Knights of Ren who would be better suited to this task? “As the only individual on this vessel with knowledge of how to repel a Force-User, as such you are the only one able to provide reinforcement. Aroka is aware that his presence has been detected. He may soon make efforts to flee the system. You must move now.” “Yes, Supreme Leader,” said Hux, biting back a ‘but’ and another protest. He was never trained as an agent to be sent on these sorts of missions. Tracking and assassination were not his specialties. He could, of course, probably strike this Jedi from miles away with a decent rifle and scope, but that was useless if someone spotted Hux and warned the Jedi that he was coming. His hair would have to be dyed, there was no getting around it. He might have to scrounge for coloured contact lenses as well. He would have to try to walk less tightly, force himself to slouch, but even at that, he did not feel confident in his ability to become undetectable. There was also the question of how well Ren could track this Jedi without becoming distracted. With a soft click coming from the comlink, Ren surged forward and wrapped his arms around Hux, kneeling between his legs, “Hux…you know what this means, right?” Hux pushed at Ren’s chest, trying to remove him, “I have to get a shuttle ready, debrief the entire crew and throw a disguise together and a travel kit in less than twelve hours.” Ren purred, kissing Hux’s jaw and resting his hands on the General’s hips, “It’ll be just you and me…alone…maybe for weeks…I’ll have you all to myself.” Hux’s eyes widened. “Think about it…nobody will know who we are. No crew, no schedule, no cameras…I can touch you whenever I want.” Hux gripped the arms of the chair. “It’s been a long time since I got to play with you…not since the Helden . I’ve been hoping for something like this to come along.” Hux stood up suddenly, knocking Ren out of the way as he did, “I need to go. Goodbye Kylo.” “Hux, wait,” said Ren, catching his arms and spinning Hux around. He had his mask off. His face was bloodied. He was chewing his lip, “I know you’re nervous and I’m trying to give you lots of time and space but…you don’t touch me often and I have to jump through hoops to touch you. I just worry…” “You should have bloody well thought of that before deciding you want to fuck an asexual,” Hux snapped. “Yeah, but, you’re making a really big deal out of this. If it really meant nothing to you, if you were as indifferent as you act, you wouldn’t fight this much. And you said you love me so I know it’s not that so…Hux…did…” Ren asked, moving his hands up to Hux’s shoulder and asking in a high, breathy voice, “Did someone…touch you? Maybe threaten to…” Hux gritted his teeth. The irony of Ren asking that was almost too cruel for him to handle. Before Ren he had been an untouchable durasteel fortress. Anyone who dared even so much as make an off colour comment was dealt with quickly and brutally as a show of force. Anyone who dared insinuate he had performed favors for his position or was given special treatment because he was one of the Commandant’s Own was silenced quickly. He had been untouchable. The epitome of strength. Ruthlessness and efficiency personified. Bred for a superior intellect and trained for brutality. Nobody would have dared treat him as a sex object. And then Ren had frozen him in that hallway and started fondling him. It had shattered everything Hux thought he knew about his own strength. “If someone hurt you…” said Ren quietly, “I’ll get rid of them for you.” Hux sighed, “Kylo, what if I didn’t want sex? Why not just stop here? There’s no rule that says we have to take things further. Is this not enough?” Ren looked him over quietly. He seemed to be trying to process something, plucking his fingers along Hux’s uniform and chewing his lip. He looked up at Hux, “I…really, really want you. Can I show you? I’ll project a little bit of it and maybe you’ll understand.” Hux braced himself as a thought entered his mind. Then it took over his entire brain. His whole body felt hot. He saw himself through a strange lens. There was darkness billowing thickly around him and all Hux could feel was an overpowering need to touch, kiss, press himself close and never ever let go. Then it left. Ren looked at the floor, “That’s…maybe a tenth of what I feel right now. Hux…I really care about you and I’m holding back as best I can but…this is something that I need.” “If I said no, would you-” “No, it needs to be you. Look, we can talk about it, work things out, but you agreed to this…you promised I could have you,” said Ren. Hux could recall making the deal under duress but never using the word ‘promise.’ There was also the looming threat of losing his command, punishment for not following orders to keep the knight entertained. Ren spoke hesitantly, “I think…maybe being alone together…I can make you less nervous, get you used to it…I’ll be so g-” “Gentle, I know,” said Hux quickly. He wished his position did not hinge on entertaining this perverted child of a man. He was a General, not a doll for Ren to play with. The thought of the knight playing with a doll amused him slightly, bringing some slight amount of levity to distract Hux from the inevitable. “I know this is probably uncomfortable for you, that’s why I want to help…get you used to it. You might never want me the way I want you but…this is how I can show I care about you,” said Ren, “I love you so I want to protect you, make you feel good, keep you close…” “I need to go,” repeated Hux, “The order came suddenly and I have a lot to get done before we can depart.” Ren let go and Hux pulled away. Heading for the door. Ren’s voice followed him, “Hux…you know I love you, right?” “Yes, I know,” said Hux quietly, settling his palm on the panel before leaving quickly. Making last-second arrangements for leaving had been hell. It had been worse than hell. It was chaos personified. Meetings had to be cancelled. Lieutenant Mitaka nearly fell over dead with anxiety when the bridge suddenly fell under his command with no warning. A shuttle needed to be prepped for several days’ journey. Hux raided the espionage department for dyes. He had little to no luck with contact lenses. Just as well, they might have interfered with his line of sight. Selecting a rifle had been the most difficult. Hux was partial to the weapons he used and would have felt better if he had a few days to mull over the selection process. If this Jedi, who still existed despite all Jedi supposedly being dead, was anything like Kylo, he would need something with a very long range. Ren, if his using the Force to watch Hux was any indication, had decent range. His power did not span the entire length of the Finalizer, not in that capacity, so Hux figured he would at least require something with enough power and accuracy to be fired from two-thousand miles maximum. Hux bit the inside of his cheek as he looked over blasters and scopes. It would be a difficult shot, even for him, but it was the only way to guarantee he would be out of range of being touched or have his mind invaded with the Force. There were other things, all of his contingency plans from when he was preparing to fight Ren head on to protect himself. Thinking back it had been a foolish thing, thinking he could stun Ren and the knight would give up, but Hux had believed very staunchly that he could keep himself safe… Hux sighed. He had returned to his quarters and pried the bed away from the wall. His gun was there, the one that fired physical projectiles instead of plasma. It had gathered dust. Hux tucked it behind the small of his back. He checked his closet, opening a false bottom in a drawer. There were chemicals, small vials that would not be missed, and when combined they could create a powerful knock-out gas, and a number of other useful concoctions. He retrieved his stiletto knife from under the couch and tucked it into his boot. It could be thrown, and had a decent edge for slashing if necessary. Hux sat on the couch and looked at the table without really registering what he was looking at. It had been months since Ren had first made his infatuation known. Just short months ago the biggest problems on his hands were pleasing the Supreme Leader, looking out for the Resistance, and trying to keep Ren from having tantrums and destroying his ship. He missed that time. He had not been happy, not the way most people would describe happiness, but he had been content. He had felt so much stronger then. Now he felt…weak, drained, used. It was a daily struggle to keep his mind from wandering to what seemed inevitable. His first thoughts waking and last thoughts before he gave in to sleeping were of whether or not today would be the day Kylo Ren would finally lose his temper and take what he wanted by force. He felt like there was not a single place left where Ren had not groped, that Ren had not claimed and still belonged to Hux. He wondered why, with no victory in sight, he was still fighting so hard. In situations where victory was impossible and capture inevitable, First Order officers were issued suicide pills. Hux steeled himself. No. Absolutely not. There was still more he could accomplish whether or not Kylo Ren was attached to him at the hip. There was still more he wanted to achieve. If only he could gain more power and control over the galaxy, he felt certain could do more. Usher in a new age of order and prosperity. He knew it was an arrogant thought but he thought himself the only one capable of doing it. If he did something like kill himself, over something as stupid as feeling upset because he was being touched in a way he did not like, that would all be gone. There would be nothing, and even an awful something was better than nothing. It was…a bit like an arranged marriage. Hux had known that his life partner would likely not be one of his own choosing. He had expected the order to come from some bureaucrat, and he would be asked to produce an heir or, as had been the case with his own birth, asked to give up sufficient genetic data to engineer a suitable heir. This was the same thing, when he thought about it. Ren had selected him, The Supreme Leader saw the benefit of their match, and now Ren wanted sexual gratification. Hux supposed if he had a wife she would expect the same. A flush spread over his cheeks as he thought about it. He still had a hard time quantifying the feeling of being touched. It was not as if he had never been touched before. He had been hit plenty of times, thrown, locked, pinned and tossed about on training mats. When he was very small sometimes someone would help him dress and arrange his hair. He could not recall being touched the way Kylo touched him though. There was never any hand holding, no being gently held in a set of strong arms, and certainly no soft, careful kisses. Then there were more invasive things, hands on his hips and thighs, a mouth on his chest. Hux was having a difficult time categorizing them all, trying to distinguish the platonic from the sexual. Sometimes when Ren touched his legs he was bothered, but did not feel threatened, and other times it would set off a primitive alarm system in Hux’s brain and he would start blushing, whimpering and squirming pathetically. The worst part was trying to distinguish if he hated being touched or just hated Ren. When he was alone and thought about the acts themselves, no Ren, no distinguishable partner really, there were some things he liked. If he had been with someone who respected his autonomy, he thought he might enjoy being kissed. He did like having someone touch his hair, combined with lying against a warm, solid body it was like a natural sleep-inducer. Hux was still uncertain about the more insistent, intimate touching. He tried to imagine someone else, someone who was not Ren doing it to him. There was nobody he really wanted to touch him, so he tried to just think of the sensations with no partner. Hux sighed again, this time through his nose and looked down at his legs. He could always try by himself. If he still hated it, even without Ren leering over him, he would have a better idea of what he enjoyed. He would at least be able to separate things into categories like pleasant and unpleasant, comforting and sexual. Ren’s voice echoed in his mind, ‘Do you touch…where I touch you? Do you…at all?’ Hux got to his feet and paced feverishly. He had never experimented with himself. Living in dorms he had never wanted to try. Mostly due to general disinterest, and on very rare occasions when he had been curious, fear of being caught kept him in check. There was awful hazing whenever someone got caught. Whenever he relieved himself it was quick and dispassionate, trying to eliminate a problem before it got out of hand. He’d never stopped and tried to figure out which sorts of touches he liked and which ones he did not. Hux checked a time stamp. He had time. Not a lot, but he had time. He had just armed himself, and he was fully uniformed. He did not want to take pains in getting undressed. Through his clothes? He sat down and shakily removed his gloves. He was fairly certain that he liked bare hands better. Looking them over they seemed strange to him. They shook, nerves were making blue veins pop against his pale skin like rivers on a topographic map. Hux silently berated himself. There was nothing to be nervous about. Nobody to catch him and belittle him in front of his dorm-mates. Nobody would punish him for this. It was his body, surely he was allowed to touch it if he felt like it. Slowly he unclasped his collar and ghosted his fingers over his neck. The sensation, even though he knew it was coming was a slight shock to his system. Not as bad as when Ren did it though. Hux also found himself adjusting much more quickly without fear of being violated heightening his senses and putting him on edge. He hooked a finger under his clothes and touched his collarbone. It might have been the uncomfortable maneuvering around his clothes, but Hux found he was not enjoying it as much. He removed his hands from his throat and trailed them over his chest, feeling himself blush under his own fingers. He was not sure how he felt about his torso being so sensitive to touch. He was used to this area of his body taking punishment, punches and kicks. He thought the nerve endings would have been deadened a long time ago. Apparently not. It also bothered him because he was so used to this sort of thing being associated with women. Sexual education had taught him about reproduction, diseases and how he might contract them, but things like erogenous zones were never discussed. Was his chest, and more embarrassingly, were his nipples supposed to be sensitive to touch? Was this normal for a man? Ren had not seemed perturbed by it, so perhaps it was normal after all. He settled his hands on his legs and something in his own mind stopped him. A bizarre, irrational little voice in his head screaming at him to stop. Don’t touch that. It’s disgusting. It was not exactly untrue. There was sure to be more bacteria gathered there, but Hux knew he kept himself clean enough. He recalled the textures and sensations. He had never enjoyed the process of relieving himself, even thinking of it as maintenance, an extra chore. If he hated it then, what should compel him to enjoy it now? He did not mind trailing his fingertips over his legs though, tracing patterns. He was not sure if he would categorize it as platonic or sexual, but it was pleasant, very pleasant. Hux drew one hand back to his chest. This was…comfortable. In a way that being with Ren never had been. With Ren he was always hyper-alert, his brain scrambling for purchase as it was bombarded with unfamiliar sensations against his will. Ren, surprisingly true to his word, handled him gently in the bedroom, but Hux found he could get a more comfortable, relaxing feeling, touching himself so lightly that he was barely making contact at all. He continued to touch himself softly. He found a soft spot on his inner thigh and flushed as he drew his fingertips over it and brushed a hand over his torso. He sighed contentedly. There was no moaning or squirming, just a soft puff of air escaping his lips. It was a strangely empowering moment when it occurred to Hux, ‘This is what I like...he was wrong.’ He stopped, settling his hands in his laps and looking at his discarded gloves. He considered how comfortable he had been and how awful each encounter with Ren had been. Just by reclaiming control everything had been…better. There was no haggling or negotiating. If something was pleasant he continued, and if it felt off, he did not bother with it. He was in control, he explored within his own boundaries, it was so much better like this. He was better off like this. Hux replaced his gloves and felt…better. The situation had not changed, but he had gained some useful information. He felt a little more secure in his own skin, more confident. He knew he was not responding specifically to Ren. He knew it was his own physiognomy combined with senses heightened by fear. Ren was incidental in the matter. Thinking that, Hux felt a little better about the situation. If it turned out he was some sort of depraved maniac who got off on being taken against his will he might have died of mortification. He took one last look at his quarters. Hux knew he would be back. Whoever this Jedi was, however he had managed to survive, he would likely prove no match for Ren. They would return to the Finalizer . He would be back. Hux took his overnight kit from the closet and felt a strange eeriness. His mind kept repeating that he would come back but something in his head was refusing to agree. Something was nagging at him, telling him to take in all of the familiar sights and scents because this would be his last time here. Hux looked about wondered where on earth that thought had come from. Of course he was coming back. He would be back, replace his kit, probably have a shower after a long day in the shuttle, dress himself, return to his usual duties… So why was he having a hard time believing it? Hux felt a hand ghost over his own. It no longer surprised him and the feeling of being watched returned. Hux snapped, “I’m coming, stop fussing you petulant child of a man.” The invisible thing, Hux always imagined it was a hand, drifted down his back and settled across his rear. Hux gritted his teeth, “That doesn’t make me want you more. In fact it’s doing to opposite. Let go.” Hux felt the hand press his cheek before dissipating. The feeling of being watched went away as well. Hux sighed again. It seemed he sighed more often in these last few months than he used to. He closed his eyes. It was just like an arranged marriage. It was something he had to do. It would be alright. He would be alright. It, if and when it happened, was just sex. When it was over he would still be General CO-1413 Hux. Ren could not take that from him. Unlike Ren’s impersonal departures, and despite the short notice, Hux was surprised that a few officers had come to see him off. Mitaka, of course, to have command temporarily passed on to him, as was the custom. Phasma and Flax were a surprise though. As insensitive to the Force as Hux was, he could feel the malice Ren was projecting at Flax, who stood firm as she could against it. Hux remembered Ren’s warning, Flax was figuring out her feelings towards him. It was not uncommon for subordinates to become infatuated with their commanding officers, and it could even be advantageous, but Hux was not sure, especially circumstances being what they were, if he could handle Flax’s budding feelings in addition to Ren’s. Especially if it meant the Supreme Leader’s apprentice and his Security Chief coming to blows. Hux regarded her grimly. If she could not control herself, he would have to transfer her. Phasma approached him, examining the carrying case for the rifle he had selected, “Assassin Rifle. Excellent choice, Sir.” “I’d like to finish this as quickly as possible. It’s a shame we can’t have you along, Captain. If the stories about Order 66 are true, I doubt this Jedi would last long against your men,” replied Hux. “They had a good training regimen,” said Phasma, adding slightly disapprovingly, “Though they could do with more practical and less simulation based exercises.” “You always say that,” noted Hux. “Because it’s true. Be careful, Sir. I don’t want to run this ship without you for long. It’s chaos without you,” said Phasma. Hux supposed that was as close to genuine affection as either of them could muster. He extended his hand for the Captain to take. Her grip was firm, they shook hands twice, as was customary, before letting go. Hux regarded Flax, “Aren’t you on duty Sub-Lieutenant?” “I came to see you off, Sir,” said the security chief quietly, “To wish you luck.” “You and I both know there’s no such thing, just statistics and probability,” said Hux evenly. He examined Flax’s features and to his disappointment realized Ren was right. Flax looked up at him adoringly, with concern, and it was clear that there was more than loyalty behind her large brown eyes. Hux sighed. Ren would probably kill her the second she gave him reason to. He would have to transfer Flax, request someone new. Perhaps a big, burly man’s man who would never dream of falling in love with him. Hux sighed, “Goodbye Sub-Lieutenant.” His eyes turned to Mitaka, “I really hope you don’t get used to taking command.” “I-I won’t, Sir,” stammered Mitaka, though Hux noted a small amount of daring in his eyes. Stammer and nearly uncontrollable nerves aside, the Lieutenant seemed to be shaping up to be an apt second in command. The stammer especially had made Hux nervous when he had first taken him on as a Lieutenant, and he had wondered if this was the stellar young officer he had been told about, but Mitaka had proven himself. Hux glanced about the Finalizer’s hanger before looking at Mitaka again, “Take care of her for me Lieutenant. I can hear something not quite regular with her engines.” “I will, Sir, she’s in good hands,” assured Mitaka. Hux climbed the gangplank. Ren was waiting for him at the top. Why did he feel like he was dying? Like this was a bizarre funeral and the shuttle was his coffin. No…that this was some perverse wedding ceremony, with his most trusted cohorts gathered round to walk him up an aisle towards his predetermined partner. He stopped when he reached the top, looking at Ren, fixed and determined as he watched the gangplank retract and the shuttle doors close through his peripheral vision. Ren reached up and cupped his cheek once they were hidden from cameras and prying eyes. “We’re alone,” he said softly, stroking Hux’s cheek with his thumb. “I’m flying,” said Hux firmly turning sharply and stalking to the cockpit. “Just as well, I hate flying,” replied Ren, following after him. Hux sat in the pilot’s seat. It had been a while, but it was impossible to forget the controls. He had been cleared to take off, so he activated the engines, the small shuttle humming, making the chair and controls vibrate. He took off as smoothly as he could, occasionally spying Ren staring at him, still masked. It was just as well. Hux hated watching him gawk with his mouth half open, refusing to look him in the eye. They were a good distance away before Ren took off his mask. He leaned back in the co-pilot’s seat, watching Hux from the corner of his eye. Hux noted his brown eyes raking up and down his figure and suddenly felt very, very exposed. Ren reached over and Hux blurted out, “I’m flying! Do you want me to crash?” Ren reached over and turned on the autopilot, “Now you’re not. It’s…nice, isn’t it? All the stars.” “Fair enough for flying. I’m taking the controls back,” said Hux. Ren held his hand over the autopilot switch. He leaned in, invading Hux’s space, “You…the stars…You’re beautiful Hux.” Beautiful was a new one. Ren’s vocabulary was finally expanding beyond soft, pretty, perfect and gentle, it seemed. Hux was not sure if he was grateful for it or not. He looked up at Kylo, who was looking at his eyes directly for a change. To Hux’s surprise he did not look away. He still gaped and chewed his lip, but he did not look away. Ren quietly continued, “Y-your eyes look green.” “They’re blue, or they were when I was young,” replied Hux, trying to worm his fingers under Ren’s to get to the controls. “They’re like the ocean during a storm,” marveled Ren. “Going near the ocean during a storm is a very stupid thing to do,” said Hux dismissively. “K-ki…kiss me?” asked Ren, pressing closer, “Like you did before I left…” Hux glanced at the controls, “I will…but, I think didn’t quite take the Assassin apart properly. Would you fetch it for me when I finish?” Ren nodded eagerly and closed his eyes. Hux sighed. Ren was practically on top of him. He could hit him like this, but then he would be trapped on a shuttle with an angry, jilted psychopath with no concept of proper consent. With the way Ren through tantrums he would probably destroy the shuttle. Hux leaned forward and wished he could have figured out kissing with a partner he felt a shred of admiration for. Ren kissed him back. It was an altogether novel experience. Usually Hux stood still and let Ren do as he pleased, occasionally parting his lips and teeth if prompted. The one time he had kissed Ren the knight had subtly guided him into the motions he enjoyed most. This was…different. Strangely mutual. It was altogether shocking when he went to swipe his tongue over Ren’s lips and the knight’s tongue touched his own. Hux pulled back in surprise when he felt it. Ren smiled down at him, admiring him, appraising him before kissing his forehead, “I’ll go get your gun.” Hux panted, catching his breath as Ren got up and left the cockpit. Hux watched his cape billow behind him before jumping to his feet. Quickly he slapped his hand down on the control panel. He whispered to the computer, “Activate emergency hijacking procedure.” The doors sealed and bolted themselves shut. The command was a failsafe in case someone boarded the shuttle. A pilot could hole themselves up in the cockpit and try to signal for help until assistance arrived or the doors gave out. He settled into the pilot’s seat and turned off the autopilot. He never enjoyed allowing a ship to fly itself. Keeping an eye on the controls and navigation he pulled his kit bag into his lap and pulled out his chemicals and a flask, along with some ration biscuits. “Hux? What’s going on!?” demanded Ren through the comlink. “Could be a faulty wire. Afraid I’m quite stuck until we can pry it open,” said Hux calmly before nibbling at a biscuit. “Open the door Hux,” growled Ren. “I can’t,” said Hux, brushing crumbs from his uniform, “I tried, it’s stuck. I’m reading the manual to figure it out right now. It’s thick. It’ll take some time to get through it.” “Hux…” said Ren, his voice becoming dangerously low, “Open the door, or I’ll break it.” “I’m trying to!” Hux snapped into the comlink, “Give me some time to figure it out! I’ve never encountered this before.” “You have ten minutes before I carve it open…” snarled Ren. A few seconds later his voice calmed slightly, “You’re being so coy today, General. I wonder what people would say if they knew you were so demure in the bedroom.” Hux sighed and fiddled with the chemicals and took a look at Ren’s mask. It had filters, perfect. He settled it over his head and face, snapping it in place. He kept his vials at the ready, “And I wonder what they would say if they knew you were so visceral...” Bonus Stupidity "Hux!" snarled Kylo, "If you don't open this damned door I'll unleash my most fearsome technique." Hux stiffened. Worse than everything else that had been done so far? He didn't think it was possible. Hux squeezed the controls as he replied, "It's not me. I just can't open them. Be a little patient, would you." "Fine, if that's how you want it..." growled the knight lowly. Hux braced himself for pain, for discomfort, for something horrible that was about to come. He sealed his eyes shut and tightened his grip. On the other side of the door he could hear Ren take a deep, deep breath before- "NINETY-NINE BOTTLES OF BEER ON THE WALL! NINETY-NINE BOTTLES OF BEER! TAKE ONE DOWN, PASS IT AROUND, NINETY-EIGHT BOTTLES OF BEER ON THE WALL!" Hux arched his brow, "...Ren, what are you doing?" "You won't last thirty bottles before you cave in Hux!" shouted Kylo. He took another breath, "NINETY-EIGHT BOTTLES OF BEER ON THE WALL!" Hux groaned. It was annoying, but mostly harmless. He took a set of earplugs from his bag and helped himself to another biscuit while Ren sang/screamed his lungs out.