Part One: Best of a Bad Lot Notes: Don't worry if you're not Jewish. There's footnotes. Part One — A Prologue It all started with a hangover of biblical proportions. Or, well - it started well before the hangover. Before the drinking (also of biblical proportions, but we’re not there yet), before the spiels 1 , and before running into his Ex dressed in a shockingly well-crafted drag Maleficent costume — It started with Poe Dameron in Grand Central Station, minding his own damn business. Fat lot of good that did him. And before that , it started with Leia Organa meddling in everyone else’s business. Nu 2 , you have to understand: it doesn’t matter if you get involved or don’t, life has a way of happening to you regardless. A mentsh tracht und Gott lacht . Man plans, and God laughs. Really, it started with God laughing. 1. Spiels - it means “plays” literally, as in a Purim Spiel; Or something like a fast-talking, persuasive speech which may invoke skepticism in listeners. Eg. Lando gave a whole spiel about his latest business venture and why people should invest in it. Leia was unconvinced. 2. Nu is a Yiddish word which means everything and nothing. It can mean So? Well? What’s going on? It can also transition between unrelated thoughts. Or like here, it can roughly mean, “Listen…” We begin with 30 days until PESACH 1 on Wednesday, March 23rd 2016 (until the 24th) . Before sunset, which marks the beginning of the Jewish holiday of PURIM 2 And the next-to-last day and last day of LENT 3 for the Token Christian in this story. 1 That’s “Passover” in case you were wondering. A holiday commemorating the Jewish escape from slavery in Egypt, memorialized with four glasses of kosher wine, holding a piece of cracker for ransom, and a week’s worth of indigestion. 2 The holiday where it’s technically a commandment to get unbelievably drunk - so drunk, you can’t tell the difference between “cursed be Haman” and “Blessed be Mordechai.” Or in non-biblical terms: to get so drunk you can't remember what you should definitely regret. Unless that regret is a tattoo. A mistake Han Solo has made at least once. 3 Roughly forty days of pretending to give up something like ice cream or candy so that on day forty-one you can gorge on Peeps and regret. Your abuela will not find it funny when you joke you are "giving up Lent for Lent." CHAPTER ONE Luke Skywalker was a luftmentsh . 4 He was dreamy, patient, and cloyingly idealistic — all things Leia Organa could appreciate in small amounts. Within reason. But reason had ended a year into Luke’s no-contact Sabbatical. And that had been four years ago. She needed him, and he was nowhere to be found. The world didn’t need Rabbi Skywalker, but Leia Organa needed her brother. Or rather ( and she hated to admit this) Leia Organa needed the executor of their family’s trust, who happened to be her twin. Once upon a time, Leia had been an idealist like Luke. She’d been the kind of bright, vivacious young woman who’d married her soulmate and had a child all before she’d turned twenty-five. The kind of girl who had her cake, and ate it too. Now, she was the older and wiser woman who realized she should’ve signed a prenup before marrying someone who had probably started his career with the mafia. The kind of woman who had plenty of hope, but nevertheless became familiar with terms of endearment like “separated husband,” “estranged son,” and “missing brother.” She’d decided it was about high time to do something about all three of them. That was the plan: access her trust, and then start dealing with her strained marriage and uncommunicative son. If the family was going to stay together, then they had to actually bother with being together. And if they were going to break apart…well, they needed to get back together and hash it out regardless. But to do that, she needed Luke. And Luke…Luke had decided he didn’t want to be found. He didn’t update Facebook. He didn’t have a cellphone. No email address. She’d once tried a private detective who had managed only to bring her back a note that he’d been hand-delivered from a hired messenger that read: I’m alive. Love you. Luke, in neat cursive with a hastily scribbled heart next to his name. It was then that Leia had figured out that you couldn’t use reasonable methods to track down an un reasonable man. So when she finally tracked down a single thread that she thought would get her closer to finding her brother, she’d made a call to the only reliable young man she knew. A boy she’d seen grow up beside her own son. He was someone who’d just landed back in the city, who needed something to keep himself busy, and also wouldn’t be immediately turned away at the door of her lead. Forget Carmen Sandiego , she’d said to Poe. Where in the world is my brother? 4. Luftmensch - has their head in the clouds; the kind of person who forgets to deal with minor things like "taxes" and "having a job." “ Bueno ,” Poe said distractedly as he answered his phone. He’d been weaving his way through the station, wondering if he’d ever felt positively about the place, or if it was just his current mood. It was crowded, noisy, and severely lacking in personal space — which wasn’t normally a problem for a born and bred New Yorker like Poe. Not unless they were also, like Poe, dealing with a little complex he liked to call: ‘I-Have-PTSD-And-Am-In-Denial-About-It.’ Between that little issue and his new service dog, Poe had recently come to appreciate personal space. “Sorry, Tia, could you say that again?” Poe sighed, gesturing for Bebé to heel. “I said, it’s expensive, Mijo . I know you’ve been subletting your apartment, but if you’re going to be home for a few months, maybe think about getting yourself a roommate?” his Tia Tifa said, sighing loudly enough on the other end of the line that Poe could practically feel her breath on his ear. “I know, I know, but I don’t know how long I’ll be here, and you know, it’s not like I expected to be back from my tour this early-” he commented, rolling his suitcase to a stand beside his feet. “Plus, you know, Señora Organa has already helped me with finding Bebé for me, and in return I’m going to be doing a favor for her…” Poe fought back a sigh of his own. He usually had short-term subletters in his Spanish Harlem apartment. He’d even recently begun to interview for his next sublet while he was away, but life had gotten in the way of good plans. (Didn’t it always?) The thing was, as far as Poe Dameron Bey could tell, no one ever planned for medical leave. And not a single member of his squadron ever expected him to be the one who was sent home from their tour early. You didn’t graduate Annapolis, Top Gun, and then serve as a F/A-18 Hornet Aviator being fragile. It was pure, bad, — well, downright shit - luck. Human limits. And it sucked. Not to mention the surgeries — being flown to Qatar, then to Germany, and then flown back to Washington, poked and prodded at during each and every step of the way. If anyone had to ask...Poe definitely wouldn’t recommend getting shot. He began to walk again, Bebé at his side. “You should come over here before you go home to an empty apartment to unpack. Let us settle you in tomorrow morning,” Tia Delza said, her voice dripping with concern. “ Ay , mijo , you should get some rest.” Which was in theory, Poe agreed, a really great idea. But he’d been doing nothing but lying around for days as it was. So while the offer was tempting, he wanted desperately to have a few hours of what amounted to peace and quiet in Manhattan. Before he could reassure his Aunt that he was fine, however, Poe froze. He was still relatively close to the wall, and wasn’t blocking any foot traffic, but from the other side of the corridor, he caught the flash of a figure he hadn’t seen in five years. “Oh hell,” Poe said in such a way that he was positive even his Aunt heard the unspoken - ' chinga tu madre' - that lay underneath the less offensive English. “Tia, sorry, I’ll call you back, yes, there’s a thing that came up—“ he explained, desperately hoping that he would pass by unnoticed. Today was just about the last day he’d wanted to run into an Ex , and it was only by sheer luck that Poe had spotted him first. Something about being fifty percent leg and one-hundred percent sullen Tolkein elf made this particular heartbreak easy to pick out in a crowd. Poe apologized into his phone once more, herding Bebé and his suitcase along as he desperately tried to remain unnoticed. Rounding the corner of the hall, he was almost home free — until he walked face-first into someone else. Or rather, they walked face-first into him. “Are you alright?” Poe asked, catching the other man by the elbow before he fell. He winced slightly as the movement was followed by a painful twinge in his shoulder. “Yeah, oh, man, I’m sorry,” the other man replied quickly, looking concerned as he caught sight of Bebé, who had shifted to wedge herself in front of Poe. “I really have no idea how to get out of here, so I was trying to follow the signs, and, well,” he shrugged sheepishly. In one hand he held a crumpled subway map, and in the other he clutched an overly large black and white dufflebag. Tourist. Of course. “Forget about it,” Poe said, casually signaling to Bebé to relax. “You’re about to save my skin from a really awkward encounter, so I’ll give you directions out. Where’re you headed?” “Excellent question,” the younger man said brightly, his dark brown eyes lighting up. “I have absolutely no idea .” Poe stared at him. “Uptown? Midtown? Downtown?” Poe prompted, gesturing at the map. “The exits are this way.” “Just wandering the city, I think,” he replied, moving to let Poe begin to lead the way towards an exit. “That all? It’s a lot of city to wander,” Poe said, trying not to raise a brow. Technically, he understood being twenty- ish and wanting to go wherever the wind took him, but it seemed like a slightly insane urge in retrospect. Then again, from another perspective, he was sure joining the Navy also seemed ill-advised. “Got a name?” he asked politely, keeping in step. “Fishel Griffin. That’s two first names, not a last name,” the younger man said confidently, adjusting his dufflebag as they walked. “Fishel…” Poe trailed off. “That’s a helluvalot of name.” He paused, a grin spreading over his face. “...So, do people call you ‘ Fish ’ or ‘ Finn ’?” Poe’s new companion groaned. “Go with Finn. Definitely the lesser of two evils.” “Finn it is,” he agreed. “I’m Poe. Poe Dameron. First name, last name,” Poe gestured at the golden retriever at his side, “-And this is my new dog, Bebé.” Finn had been in New York City for a record of ten minutes before getting completely lost. On the upside, despite everyone’s warnings to the contrary, New Yorkers didn’t really seem that bad. It had taken him ten minutes to get lost and nearly knock a guy with a service dog over, but about half an hour to end up finding a place to stay while squeezed onto a subway train. “Really?” Finn said in slight disbelief when Poe made the offer to let him rent his extra bedroom. “Just like that…? I mean, shouldn’t I be worried you’re crazy, or something?” Poe laughed. “You need a place to stay.” “I need a place to stay,” Finn agreed, rubbing the back of his neck. “I mean, not to complain, but…” Well, wasn’t it weird? More or less weird than going to New York with nothing more than a duffle bag of stuff and enough money to maybe last a week? Poe shrugged. “I can’t take on more permanent tenants while I’m in town, and you seem kind of desperate.” “Oh,” Finn said. “Yeah, that makes sense.” Finn glanced over his shoulder at the train pulled to a stop. “So where exactly are we headed again?” “We’re on the green line now,” Poe explained, glancing down at Bebé’s fidgeting as she sat obediently beside his feet. “When you wanna get to the apartment, you take the 4, 5, or 6 uptown to 103rd. I live in East Harlem.” “Which is different from regular Harlem?” Finn asked, the names of Harlem Renaissance poets floating through his memories. He’d liked studying the movement in high school, but had to admit he didn’t know where the neighborhood began or ended outside of books. “Er,” Poe paused, tapping the silver pole he’d been holding on to. “There’s Harlem, and then it’s broken down further, sort of. You have Central and West Harlem, that’s what everyone thinks of, which includes the Heights, above Columbia, and then you’ve got Spanish Harlem, which is also East Harlem.” He paused, and then jabbed a finger in the direction of a blonde woman sitting in front of the subway map. “East Harlem had Italian Harlem — all the mobsters, yeah? Then it became Spanish Harlem, mostly Puerto Ricans. And then my folks — I’m Cuban and Guatemalan — other Latinos moved in. So a lot of us also call it El Barrio …” Finn blinked. “Do I need to remember all of that?” he asked, wobbling slightly as the subway lurched forwards again. “Nah,” Poe shook his head. “I mean, give yourself a few weeks. You’ll spend two months here and then find yourself explaining to some lost kid they need to be specific about which A train they need, and you can’t take the 6 to the A.” At this, Finn raised a brow, and tilted his head, mirroring the slight cocking of Bebé’s ears. Poe laughed. “Don’t worry about it,” he assured Finn. “I’ll get you a map from the bodega. Which,” Poe said, “—we definitely have to go by there anyways. I promised an old family friend I’d run this errand that’s on the way.” “An errand?” Finn repeated. “Wait, bodega?” “Uh. It's like...like a pharmacy had sex with a deli,” Poe explained. “And the errand is just meeting this guy — well he’s a friend of my family friend's twin brother, and she’s been trying to find her his new address. The brother, not this friend. You don’t have to come with me for that part. Or follow any of that.” The train pulled to a stop, and Poe gestured for Finn to follow him out. “Oh. That’s cool. I think?” Finn agreed pleasantly. “You can just let me get stuff at the uh, lovechild of Subway and CVS?” “Something like that,” Poe laughed. “C’mon, it’s a short walk.” Chapter 2 : Draw Lots Notes: CHAG PURIM SAMEACH! You’ll be delighted to know it has been another year of explaining to gentiles why people are not booing when someone says “Hey, man!” but in fact, madly groggering* when someone says the name “Haman.” (boooooo.) * It’s a noisemaker. A grogger. I think you can say groggering. Who really knows? Now, unfortunately, I was not able to finish covering the Purim events of this tale before real life Purim ended. This was because I had to grade 54 undergrad midterms and also lovingly make my Princess Leia costume for my synagogue's Star Wars themed Purim fest. (Yeah. Oh man, guys, my Rabbi bought Poe Dameron's leather jacket and carried a BB-8 mug.) So you can understand. The next chapter should hopefully be up soon. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The best kind of crime is one you couldn’t have possibly committed. Forget perfect murders and locked room scenarios — the real magic lay in stealing things that never existed to begin with. And according to the Nevada State department of motor vehicles, the faded silver 1964 Ford Falcon that Rey Jones had ‘borrowed’ from her former employer didn’t exist. It didn’t have serial numbers. Unkar — owner of an automotive junk yard and pawn shop, and Rey’s ex-boss — never would have admitted it outright, but Rey knew he’d obtained the baby through less than legal means. So she didn’t exactly expect to have the theft reported. And with 2,521 and a half miles between Las Vegas and New York City (give or take), Rey figured they wouldn’t have much luck finding the Falcon either. Playing real-life Grand Theft Auto had been easier than finding Manhattan street parking — which was just as bad as driving down the Strip in Vegas. When she finally stopped, Rey rolled her window down and turned to the grumpy calico in the passenger seat. “Stay there, Mr. Greedo,” she directed, grabbing her hiking staff. “I’m going to get us dinner.” Fifty dollars and a shopping list later, Poe had directed Finn to the bodega with instructions to get himself a map and some basic supplies. Poe could loan the kid toothpaste, but he wasn’t exactly rarin’ to share his brush. With that settled, he promised he’d meet back with Finn as soon as he was done running his errand. Poe knew that Lorsan Tekka was expecting him, but he didn’t hold any illusions about dallying for too long with the older man. Or rather, Poe knew all too well he was going to be the one to cut the Cantor short during his visit. He knocked on the door of the apartment, a quick rap beside the frame where Tekka’s mezuzah was affixed. Like the man himself, the case adorning his doorway was well-aged, slender, and a bit ostentatious. Poe took a half-step back when the door swung open dramatically. “Come in, come in,” Tekka insisted, glancing fervently down the hallway before Poe crossed the threshold. “I heard the Princess wanted my information,” he said, gesturing for Poe to sit on his overstuffed muted floral couch. The plastic couch covering squeaked in protest when Poe sat down. “You know she doesn’t want to be called Princess,” Poe said, directing Bebé to lay down beside his seat. “To me, she’s as good as royalty,” Tekka sniffed, bringing over a tea tray to his coffee table. "That she is," Poe agreed amiably. Tekka placed a small cup on a blue coaster, before he disappeared back into his kitchen. He looked over the small counter that divided the room from the living area, and continued — “Black tea?” “Please,” he said. “So you might have a map to Luke?” Poe pressed. “A map? Feh!” Tekka scoffed, bringing over his teapot. “You think he’s gonna leave a map that just up and leads to wherever he’s hiding? People don't just leave behind scavenger hunt maps when they don't want to be found. The man doesn’t even have a Facebook! Not a chance . — Can you imagine? Rabbi Skywalker has just checked in on two-square , problem solved!” “— Foursquare ,” Poe corrected. Tekka shrugged it off. “What is he gonna do—,” Cantor Tekka threw out an arm in emphasis, not bothering to wait for Poe’s answer. “—Go out looking for the Temple or something? We all know where it is! It hasn’t moved in two thousand years!” he huffed, tugging on the tea bags that were steeping in his kettle. “Then…” Poe ventured, feeling somewhat lost in the conversation. “You found Luke in Israel?” “Not a chance! I found some clues, and I don’t think our old friend is so far away we couldn’t just take a train.” Tekka paused for dramatic effect, and reached into the breast pocket of his jacket. “A thumb drive with thousands of entries from a little advice column — ‘Dear Mara’. That’s how you’ll find Luke.” Poe took the USB drive carefully, and raised a brow. Tekka poured his tea. “An advice column?” Poe asked, reaching for his cup of tea. “An advice column,” Tekka nodded sagely. “It took me months of reading it, but I’m convinced. This is how you’ll find Luke.” “By reading Dear Mara? …What does an advice column have to do with Luke?” Poe said, placing the USB in Bebé’s vest pocket. “ Oh ,” Tekka said with a simple hand wave, “—simple. Because Luke is Dear Mara.” Upon further reflection, Finn was pretty sure he should’ve just waited for Poe inside the bodega. On the one hand, waiting there would have been awkward. But on the other, it would’ve meant avoiding walking right into a mugging. He’d heard a girl shout from the alley beside the bodega, and without thinking, had gone to see if someone needed help. The only problem was, Finn couldn’t be sure whom was attacking who. One muscular man had been knocked to the ground, while another was scrambling away from the jabbing thrust of the girl’s staff. “Hey!” Finn called out, “Are you okay—?” The brunette whirled on him, taking a threatening step forwards. Finn watched as the man on the ground pushed to his feet, and shoved passed him. When he turned, the girl struck out at him, hitting Finn’s knees with a resounding thwack. Finn crumpled, bodega bags still in hand. “ Ow ,” he protested. “Forget this. That bitch is crazy —,” one of the men said, yanking on the sleeve of his partner as they edged away from the girl. She frowned at Finn. “I don’t appreciate being mugged,” she said sharply. “I was trying to see if you were okay!” Finn said, gathering his bags. “I heard a shout—“ “Because they were mugging me!” she said, waving her staff threateningly. “I was going to help you!” Finn huffed. “Well I didn’t know that,” she replied, before hesitantly extending a hand to him. Finn took it gratefully, marveling at the way her slender and calloused palm fit into his own hand. She was stronger than she looked, pulling him to his feet with a sharp tug. “…Thanks. I’m glad you’re…okay,” Finn said lamely. He hadn’t actually helped, but perhaps it was the thought that counted. “I’m Fi—I’m Finn . I’m new to the city.” “Oh,” she said, brightening a fraction. “I’m Rey. Nice to meet you. I’m sorry I kneecapped you.” “Right,” Finn said, his legs still throbbing with pain. “Rey, that’s a nice name.” At this, she smiled. Finn wondered if his heart started to beat faster because she was beautiful, or because his knees were probably bruising. Rey turned, and hefted up her own bags from the ground. “And thanks for, you know…uh, trying to save me.” “Well,” Finn shrugged. “I am kind of a superhero, if you must know.” “A superhero,” She said, biting her lip to stifle a laugh. “I’ve never met one of those before.” “Well,” Finn smiled back, “There’s a first time for everything, right?” Notes: Reviews are adored and lovingly re-read. :) Notes: If you'd like to see any brainstorming or talking I do about this entire AU, check out my tag #SW: One Different Night. Many more characters will end up showing up in this fic, including Cecil and Art (C3PO and R2D2), known Yenta Maz Kanata, and more. Comments are probably the best thing in the whole world and extremely motivating. Thanks for reading! Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the One Different Night: TFA Modern AU series Next Work →