But Wait… You were not entirely sure what had started it. Wait, scratch that. You remembered. You had lost a bet that you could beat the man at holo-chess. Unlike usual, you had not been betting money. It may have been the minute amount of alcohol in your system that had influenced you to gesture to the three helmeted individuals and inform them that if they beat you then you would fuck them all. It had been said in half jest. And you certainly hadn’t meant that they would be fucking you at the same time. Yet there you were, your mouth working the cock of one of the men, whose hand was buried in your hair as he thrust forward; your ass stretched and filled by the second, and he was groaning loudly in appreciation; and last was the one they referred to as the Master of the Knights of Ren. He was buried to his balls in your cunt, his hands seizing your hips roughly as he fucked himself into you. You moaned around the dick that was in your mouth, sliding your tongue along the underside of the shaft. The man in your ass spread your cheeks further, pushing in deeper. The friction within you caused you to wet more around the leader, who shuddered. He started to withdraw his hips then thrust back into you. The man inside of your mouth was holding onto your wrist with one of hands, your other hand held captive by the man who pushed himself fully inside of your rear. The Master of the Knights of Ren, Kylo Ren, raised one hand from your hip, seizing one of your nipples. He pinched, rolling the bud as it hardened from the stimulation. Whimpering, you started swallowing instinctively when you felt the Knight’s cock twitching in your mouth. He came with a heavy groan, swearing in appreciation. As he pulled back, some of his cum dribbled onto your chin. You inhaled deeply, not really caring about that at the moment as the Knight of Ren that was in your ass and the Master of the Knights shifted. They were on their knees, you between them as they increased the pace at which they were fucking you. Kylo snapped his hips forward, forcing your ass more tightly against his comrade, who then bucked up into you and sent you rocking the other way. “F…fuck!” you moaned out in appreciation. One of them was groping at your chest, the other was rubbing your clit. You could hardly keep your eyes open through the pleasure, and so you could not say who was pleasuring you where. You bounced in their laps, using your legs to raise and lower yourself. That was, at least, until Kylo Ren hiked your leg up over his arm. You breathed through your nose, panting and trying to not pass out from the sheer pleasure of everything as he hit your g-spot at this new angle. He was working his hips fast and hard into yours, the man behind you beginning to meet this pace. All too soon your orgasm came crushing over you. Your walls tugged at them, drawing out their orgasms as well. They each ejaculated hard into you, their bodies shuddering. You gulped, swallowing and trembling as the Knight that was behind you shifted away. You could hear him readjusting himself while the Master of the Knights of Ren drew circles along your hips. “You can bring the others.” “What?” you asked breathlessly, shaking your head in confusion. Kylo Ren considered you through that mask of his. “You told me that if I won, you would fuck me and my Knights of Ren.” Oh, shit, you thought. You hadn’t realized he would take it to mean all of them. “There’s more.” Chapter 2 : ...And More Summary: More Knights of Ren are satisfied Notes: Well, since people asked and the idea struck me... …And More You swirled your tongue on the head of the man’s erection. The knight released a ragged breath, shifting his weight onto both legs; you were pumping his length in one hand, your other hand busy with the knight that was on your other side. You had to say this for the Master of the Knights of Ren: he was very attractive when he took that helmet off, and that pouty mouth knew exactly what it was doing as you knelt with your knees on either side of his head, his tongue working your clit before he started to slurp at your juices again. You rocked your hips against his mouth, which eagerly enveloped you. His eyes occasionally would travel towards your hands to watch you working. You took a moment to breathe then shifted a little, turning your head so that you could engulf the second knight’s cock with your mouth. He was very vocal in his approval. Kylo Ren used his hands to push at your inner thighs. “Turn around.” You removed your mouth from the cock, temporarily releasing the two knights as you turned. You realized immediately why this had been demanded of you. The moment Kylo Ren started to work your clit again, you shuddered and wrapped your hands around the two cocks to resume pleasuring them. Your mouth, however, was filled by one of the other knights, who was standing with his feet on either side of Kylo Ren’s hips. You bobbed your head, fingers entangling themselves in your hair so that the knight in your mouth could force you to take him in deeper. You moaned, breathing through your nose when it wasn’t buried in the man’s dark curls as he thrust forward again. Kylo nibbled your clitoris then plunged his tongue within you. You used your thumbs to draw circles around the heads of the erections in your hands. Precum smeared, which caused you to wet against the mouth that was fucking you. As you came, you groaned. The knights sighed, and you could tell they were holding out, trying not to cum yet. They moved away from you long enough to allow the Master of the Knights to turn around, positioning you over his cock. He slammed up into your wet entrance. You gasped, your hands taken up by the two knights at your sides. They replaced your limbs around their cocks. The other knight stood over Ren’s stomach, grabbing your head between his hands and pulling your mouth onto his cock. He fucked your face roughly, his cock sliding partway down your throat. Another of the knights was behind you. You felt him positioning his cock at your ass then sliding in. Whimpering, you tried to keep your mind from being too fogged with pleasure so that you could please all five men that were using your body. Your pussy was so wet, and you could feel your arousal returning already. The knight in your ass reached forward, groping both your breasts. He pinched your nipples, pressing your breasts towards one another then apart. Rolling them, massaging them. You rocked harder against the cocks that were in your ass and pussy. Your hands were working faster on the two knights, your tongue flicking quickly against the underside of the cock within your orifice. The knight at your left lost it first, ejaculating on your hand, some hitting higher up your arm. Second to cum was the knight in your mouth. You licked your lips when he pulled out then turned your attention to the cock in your right hand. The knight shoved the other away, taking his spot over Kylo so that you could suck him off. You placed one hand on Kylo’s stomach so that you could ride the two men faster. Jerking the other knight, you pulled back when you felt his cock twitching. He came in your open mouth, on your breasts. Some of his semen dripped onto Kylo’s abdomen. You smeared the cum along the man, coating your fingers in it then drawing those digits to your clit. You rocked them fast, feeling the pressure within you building and building. The Master of the Knights slowed his thrusting, panting and shuddering as he fought to contain himself. When the other knight came in your ass, he was pushed away by Ren’s foot. Having you all to himself, Kylo jerked your wrists up into one hand. He pinned you on the ground under him, fucking you harder than previously. You grit your teeth, your ass not touching the ground as the two of you worked yourselves harder and harder against one another. You were both panting, staring at one another’s faces. Feeding off one another. A presence in your mind. Him feeding off your pleasure, him groaning as he came inside you. Feeling so full, so warm, so delicious, you threw your head back and felt tears spilling out the corners of your eyes as you came. “Damn….mmm…” You ran a hand along your forehead. “Shit…” You needed a shower, you thought. “Yes. We all do.” His lips twitched at the corners. Your eyebrows drew upwards, seeing the implication of his words.