The vacant gaze on Rey's face was enough for Luke to conclude their meditation session. Affronted by the sudden distraction, "But I was almost there!" Rey argued. "Rey, you were nowhere but with him... again," sighed Luke. Rey was a great and dubious student - as good as they come really, but she often struggled maintaining her focus. After a month of training, he would still find her staring off aimlessly at the ocean when she should be honing in her reflexes. Her eyes would swell with a certain sorrow; a memory, one shared by another. Not that he made a point to reprimand her for it. He wouldn't voice his concerns on her slip of the tongue as she slept; calling his nephew's name in tones that ranged from accusing to despairing to endearing. With the extent to which they were bonded, Luke would be surprised if she wasn't seeing him when she closed her eyes. He considered whether he might teach her how to sever it but, as things stood, he didn't expect her to desire that knowledge. Therein lay the problem. She pouted in response, crossing her arms over her chest like a petulant child. "I'm a new mother. I can't help it." To be true, she spent the majority of her wandering thoughts on worrying after her baby back home. That, of course, couldn't be helped. Rather, it was the subject of the leftover attention that inspired much concern in her Jedi Master. "I wasn't talking about the baby." Rey sighed heavily, slumping her shoulders down and leaning back against an upturned boulder. This conversation was getting old and having to repeat herself was exhausting. "There's a bond between us." And that too couldn't be helped. "Made stronger by the consummation and its result!" It came out far more accusing than he'd initially intended. "You have both been so foolish!" But he would maintain as much. The glare she sent him then was enough to throw him over the cliff if she so willed it. "And in good company by the judge of it. You have no right to judge me and I do not regret it, Luke." For he was implying that she should. He would condemn her child merely for that from which he was born. Luke was blind to the depth of that which lay between them. Rey herself could scarcely fathom it, but she did know it did not inspire regret within her. "You have no idea, do you?" That too would have to stop. He would belittle her at every turn because, apparently, he knew better. "Your son is powerful beyond comprehension." He would go onto tell her, as if her teething baby was some all mighty being, ready to bend those lesser than himself to his every whim. Well... she couldn't speak for the rest of the galaxy but he certainly held such power over his mother. Luke was being ridiculous. "To posses such a high midichlorian count has only spelled doom and death in the past." That last remark earned a low groan and rolling of the eyes from Rey. "Your father was corrupted." "And what's to say the child won't meet the same fate? Like his father before him?" Luke loved his nephew, regardless of what he's done and, despite the incessant need to remind Rey that the future held many dangers for her son, he only meant well. Still it wasn't as if Rey was unaware of it. It wasn't as though sleep hadn't eluded her each night in favour of the same concerns. She too was afraid for the future and she needn't be reminded of it at any given turn. Silence past between them; a quietude that only meant one or both of them was reaching the end of their tether. Rey scoffed in disbelief. "Less you forget, Master Luke that Ben was your responsibility. Snoke got to him under your charge." It was cruel of her to say so but at this point, she just wanted him to stop. "Or did you forget why you ran away?" Luke made no attempt to counter her remark. She wasn't wrong, of course and it had the desired effect. Rey got to her feet and stormed past him before turning back to add something more. "He was right about you. I never should've come." It took her more strength to admit that Kylo Ren had been right than either of them could've anticipated. "Rey wait!" Luke called to her as she stood higher on the stone walkway. "I care only for the welfare of the Galaxy." He implored as genuine as anyone could. In the past few weeks, Rey discovered that she'd been able to overlook her Master's grievances with her and now was certainly no exception. Irrespective of his intentions, she would remain impassive. "And you would have my child shunned from it due to the sins of his forefathers. What about you Luke? Are you not as weak as your father? Fleeing when your apprentice shows signs of failure?" She understand his point of view well enough but it was imperative to her that he at least hearken to her own. Suddenly, a wave of disregard ran through her. It told her that he was too far resolute in his own beliefs to pay heed to those of another. The anger Rey had been feeling since Luke's discovery of the child bubbled it's way to the surface. "You're a coward and a hypocrite. And you will teach neither me nor my son." And with that, she returned to the hut, gathered her things and descended the mountain's rocky face until she came upon the Falcon. Before she could alert Chewie and R2 to her desire to return to the Resistance Base, something stopped her on the steps. A voice. A male voice - her name on his lips. On any other day she likely would've ignored him but something in the urgency of his tone compelled her otherwise. "Ben..." she answered. "Snoke knows." he replied not moments after. If he or anyone else had said anything further, Rey didn't hear them. She didn't notice that Luke had followed her nor that Chewie appeared from inside the Falcon. Instead, the crashing and ebbing of the waves against the rock face filled her ears while her heart swelled with an overwhelming surge of dread. Notes: This was more of an interlude before the next part in which Kylo Ren finally meets his son. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 4 of the Grey series Next Work →