Returned She was running from this life, she had nowhere to go. No place had felt like home, despite the pleasures The Resistance had given her. It wasn’t enough to keep her grounded, it wasn’t enough to distract her from everything bubbling in her mind. All the pain, fear, and rejection had reached its peak and she needed the release. Rey needed to escape, and that’s exactly what she was doing. “We did it for you, to save you.” The man lied. “You lie. You bartered me for a ship to save yourselves.” Rey stated. A simple peek into their heads proved what they had really done. And they indeed traded her out of cowardice. “We did no such thing!” The woman declared. The couple was rather homely looking. They were unbathed but well within their means to take care of themselves, regardless both well fed if not over fed. There was a slight pudginess in them. The man had the dark sandy brown hair Rey inherited along with the freckled skin, his beard was riddled with patches of grey. As for the woman, her features were much lighter, hair so light and blonde you wouldn’t be able to see the greying strands. Rey’s small nose and jaw came from her. Years ago the woman probably looked a lot like Rey, time had chipped away at her. Rey bit back her tears as she gripped the steering column of the X-Wing she had stolen only a mere few hours ago. She secretly wished the Millennium Falcon would be accompanying her on this spontaneous trip. Unfortunately it was too easily recognizable, the X Wing she stole was already garnering enough attention, it needed to be ditched, and soon. “I cannot...will not teach you.” The haunting voice of Luke Skywalker daunted in her thoughts. A tan speck grew closer in the distance and Rey forced herself to continue on in her journey. Asteroids and satellites passed as she went on, a handful of ships as well. The speck grew to the size of a moon, then a planet. Coming closer and closer. Jakku. How could she go back? She didn’t know, all she felt was a need to return. Or at least trade the X Wing for a less conspicuous ship. And the Niima Outpost was going to be the absolute first stop to do so. Ig she played her cards right, getting a decent ship from Unkar Plutt would be simple. At times he was hard to bargain with, hopefully it wouldn’t be one of those days. Rey docked the X Wing in the Niima Outpost shipyard where many patrons had done the same. Taking her canteen full of water, her satchel, and her staff along with her, she strolled through the main row of docked ships wondering which one’s Unkar Plutt owned. A I-7 Howlrunner caught her attention as she passed through the entry gate of the Niima Outpost. Her strides were long towards Unkar Plutts tent. Luckily no line was formed up to his sad metal hut he used to trade, she could make her transaction quick. She held her head high as she approached, leaning her staff against the small building, Unkar Plutts blob like face grew in slight surprise. “I’m here to make a deal.” Rey’s voice was strong. “And what might that be?” he raised with a cough. “I have an X Wing fighter to offer in exchange for a relatively decent ship from your collection.” Unkar Plutt erupted into laughter “I have and X Wing already.” “The one you have is at least thirty some years old, I saw it in the yard. Mine is a brand new model, with better blasters and tech. The I-7 Howlrunner, is it yours?” “Of course it’s mine, what of it?” he coughed. “I’d like to exchange the X Wing for it.” He laughed again, coughing in a fit of gasps. He was very sick from what Rey could tell, which wasn’t working in Rey’s favor. He was easily irritable, she could sense it growing in him. “And where is my Corellian YT-1300 you so graciously stole from me some time ago?” Rey fell silent. She had no response, she had run into a wall with him. No matter, she could easily trade with another individual at the outpost…or simply steal the I-7 Howlrunner. She gripped the hanging canteen at her hip along with her satchel. “I suggest you move along girl.” Unkar Plutt teased. Rey took her staff in her hands, she didn’t give him the satisfaction of seeing her disappointment as she wandered away from the post. A strong inkling told her to visit what might be left of her small sad home in the AT AT some miles away. Rey deliberated in silence when she approached she ship yard. Turning on her heels and heading for the AT AT, the quickly changing her mind and turning again to go back to the ship yard. She was annoyed with herself and ultimately decided she would see her home for herself and then she could go on about her business without distraction. It was rather hot out, lucky for her the canteen she carried was full to the brim. It was probably the most water she’s ever carried on her person on Jakku in her life. The walk wasn’t too long, without her speeder the task was slightly much more difficult. It reminded her of the time before she had the speeder, trekking miles a day on foot for food or no food at all. Those days were the hardest, walking for hours in the blistering heat dragging things along to find they were worth nothing. A handful of times she passed out from lack of energy, she’d wake up in the sand at night finding she had been robbed by individuals who passed, taking what little she had in her pockets. The fallen AT AT was a sight to see just over a hill of sand. A cool breeze struck her cheeks, a bad sign actually. Her hair stood on end along her arms and neck. This wasn’t good, she darted her gaze around her. She settled her eyes on the horizon behind where she had just come from, a billowing cloud of tan swarmed from the ground miles back. A sand storm. Just like that she was running for the AT AT. She knew these sand storms all too well, they were fast gaining, stretching miles in a matter of minutes, destroying beings in its path, and moving small ships across the land. The sand slowed her running but she went on. Rey had made it to the AT AT, its door was readily already open. She imagined by some looters from a while ago. She managed to seal the door with time to spare. Rey sat in darkness hearing nothing but the millions upon millions grains of sand beat against the outside of the AT AT. It almost sounded like extreme rainfall. There was the occasional piece of debris that struck, startling her. After nearly twenty minutes the storm slowed, Rey waited it out until she could no longer hear the sand swarming. The air would be filled with dust for at least another solid twenty minutes, if she opened the door now it would be a coughing fit. Rey waited an extra ten minutes just to be safe. The only good that came after the storm was the cool air, she embraced it as she opened the sealed door. Now that the daylight flooded the room, she could finally get a solid look of her home. It had indeed been ransacked. Everything she had owned was either taken or destroyed. Her bedding in the furthest left corner was ripped to shreds and feathers everywhere, it wasn’t much to begin with, a small pillow and a bundle of blankets with the cushion of the sand as a mattress. Her small portable stove was taken as well as the single stool she owned. A small square pedestal laid on the floor, Rey turned it upright. Just to the side was her obsessively marked wall to count down all her days on Jakku. Rey knelt down and searched the sand, she found a piece of steal and took it in her hand. She stood and absentmindedly marked the wall with another slash and rubbed away the bits with her fingers to make it shine. A heavy feeling suddenly surged in her core. She dropped the piece of steel in the sand. “I knew you might find your way back here.” A dark hollowed voice beckoned. Rey immediately knew whose signature voice it was shrouded by a mechanical receiver. She turned her body. A masked Kylo Ren stood in the makeshift doorway of her AT-AT home. “You.” Rey intoned. “Surely you didn’t come here to pick up where you left off? A scavenger? When you can be so much more.” “I’ve already refused your offer.” She reminded him. “In the way Skywalker refused you?” Ren implored. Rey fell quiet. Ren lifted his hands to his hood and pulled it back, he gripped the sides of his helmet and with a hiss he removed it from his face. The scar across his left cheek and eye bore into Rey. As for the rest of his face, it was just as she remembered, soft, impressionable. “He doesn’t see the potential in you, not like I do.” “Get out!” Rey demanded hotly. She turned away and gripped the small pedestal that once held a vibrant desert flower she traded for a couple portions worth of food. The small clay pot lay in a crumpled heap on the floor. Rey knew that simply telling him to get out wasn’t going to actually make him leave. Instead, Ren came through the doorway, inviting himself in. Rey watched him out of her peripheral vision, never turning her head. He walked through her home coming upon the wall where she had marked her lonely days away. Rey stole a glance as he raised his right hand to the wall, letting his thumb graze along a row of marked days. “Five thousand one hundred and seventeen days,” Ren muttered loud enough for her to hear “An incredible amount of time dwelling in loneliness...strife.” “What do you want?” “To help you Rey.” he uttered her name. It was the first time he’d ever said it out loud. Rey was surprised with herself that she feel contempt for him for saying her name. In fact, she was angry with herself for not feeling contempt. “I don’t want your help or help from the First Order for that matter.” “But you need it. I can give you so much more than just help. The First Order is a place for you to belong. Your loneliness will no longer invade your daily life. No more struggling, good food you can enjoy, clean clothing, a bed. You can be happier and healthy amongst The First Order. ” Everything that was offered sounded wonderful to Rey, but at what cost? To murder and torture her way across the galaxy? This man offering all these things killed his own father…though she had no room to judge. Darkness shrouded Rey’s sight. All she could hear was heavy panting, was it hers? Suddenly she could see herself sitting up in the darkness with a single beacon of light looming down upon her. She was scared, her breathing was erratic and her head jerking from side to side scanning the empty dark room. The Rey that sat on the ground settled her gaze long and hard on two seemingly darker figures lying on the floor in the shadows. She got up, Rey followed herself to figures. Audible horror struck the both of them as they gasped. Her parents laid in a bundled heap, gashes across every inch of their body still smoking from the burns of a lightsaber. “You killed them.” Ren’s voice jolted her from her vision. Rey fell to her knees, crumbling them in the broken remains of the dead flower beneath her. The clay cut her knees, she didn’t seem to notice. She only tried to control the onslaught of tears welling in her eyes. Wiping the flood from her eyes was detoured by the dirt and sand that stuck to her palms. She was crumbling. “Help me.” Her voice shook beneath the tears. Chapter 2 : Aboard Summary: "Being alone never felt right. Sometimes it felt good, but it never felt right." - Charles Bukowski Kylo Ren knelt next to the weeping woman before him. He could feel the exhaustion rolling off of her, she hadn’t slept for days he thought. Ren set a gloved hand over her shoulder, she flinched slightly. They were still at odds with one another, instead of hate he felt her indifference towards him now. “Come with me, and leave Jakku behind.” He cooed. Rey sniffled and nodded her head. She began to stand, he stood too moving from her way. He watched her wipe her hands on the fabric of her gray robe. She tucked the loose strands of hair from her face behind her ears. “Before we leave…you must promise me something.” Rey trailed. Promise? Promises are for endearment, and Ren knew he was nowhere near endearing to her, at least not yet he thought. She was laying out her terms in this offer. “Yes?” “If I feel I should leave The First Order on my own free will. You will either let me, or you’ll have to kill me.” The thought of killing her had crossed his mind multiple times…that is…before he Force Bonded with her. Feeling the small quips of her anger and sadness through the Force lead him to her home in Jakku in the first place. It was something her shared with her and being in each other’s presence will only strengthen the bond as time passes. Would he be able to sever that bond if it came to it? “I understand.” Ren agreed to her terms. Ren guided his way out of the fallen AT AT, Rey followed quietly with her staff in hand. Ren returned his helmet to his face as they walked away from the site. The AT AT was buried beneath the sand due to the storm, it was barely visible. Chunks of debris were strewn across the sand, it definitely blew through the Niima Outpost. Kylo Ren’s Command Shuttle awaited some hundred yards away over the hills of sand. Rey had seen it before, it was in fact a beautiful ship to be admired. There was no other like it, surely it was custom made for Kylo Ren. Rey wondered if he had come alone until she saw a handful of Stormtroopers emerge from the ramp beneath the ship. One in particular stood out, a Stormtrooper but instead of the suit being white, it was chrome. Captain Phasma. Finn had told her about the famed Captain Phasma on multiple occasions. It couldn’t be anyone else with the way he described her. Rey was at Ren’s side as the approached Phasma, she noticed them coming close. “Sir, Unkar Plutt is dead.” Her voice was toned out by the receiver in her helmet. “Well, he should have known it would come to that. Certainly nice to know the main salesman of our stolen things has reached his end. Good work Captain.” “The girl? She’s with us then?” Captain Phasma raised. Ren said nothing and continued forward up the ramp to the shuttle. Rey exchanged a quick glance with Phasma before skipping ahead to catch up with Ren. Rey mused at the sight of the inside of the shuttle. It was surprisingly brightly lit with a multitude of black paneling along the walls. Phasma and the Stormtroopers ascended the ramp and flanked to the right to a platform lined with red lighting to stand. On the left was a small caged area where weapons were held, the blasters for the Stormtroopers. “FN-2365, report to the medical facility when we arrive.” Captain Phasma ordered lightly. “Yes Captain.” A Stormtrooper replied. Rey spotted the Stormtrooper she was talking to, he bled from his left side profusely. It was hard for him to even be standing. The ramp beneath Rey began to close, she quickly hopped to the side. Kylo Ren was at the front of the shuttle preparing to take off. It was also the only place to sit, no room for co-piloting or guests besides the Stormtroopers. Even they had to stand. “Come sit next to me.” Ren insisted. Rey was reluctant at first but eventually made her way over to his left side. She could feel the ship begin to rise, it was oddly quiet. Rey crouched down using the arm rest of Kylo Ren’s seat for leverage. The small discussion about Unkar Plutt was peaking her interest. “Unkar Plutt stole from you?” Rey asked. “He did on multiple occasions under our nose, it was only a matter of time before he got caught.” “What did he steal exactly?” “Weapon designs, weapons themselves mostly.” It was the only conversation they exchanged on the short flight to the Star Destroyer waiting just above Jakku’s atmosphere. Rey knew its title, the Finalizer. A menacing beacon to The Resistance. In person it was much larger than she imagined, it would take weeks to even explore such a ship. They approached near the back right end of the ship where a visible docking station was held. Ren maneuvered the shuttle inside. A flood of Stormtroopers crossed the large area of the room. TIE Fighters hung along the tall walls in columns. Personnel dressed in multiple different black uniforms and helmets drove carts of weapons and supplies. Ren finally landed the shuttle in a red ring at the center of everything, the ramp descended. Captain Phasma was already ushering her Stormtroopers from the shuttle. Rey waited for Kylo Ren to rise from his seat. “Stay close by me.” Kylo Ren asked of her, she nodded as he rose. Rey was at his side as he paced out and down the ramp. Each Stormtrooper, pilot, and worker that passed stared as she walked next to Kylo Ren. She hoped they were just staring at him rather than her. It was only wishful thinking. “Where are we going?” Rey inquired. “To visit a friend.” Rey couldn’t imagine Kylo Ren having friends. From what little she knew about him he might be jabbing for a joke. It was hard to catch with his monotone voice. She really didn’t know what to expect. Ren lead the way through a white lighted doorway between two columns of TIE Fighters. It was a narrow hallway line with simple gray steel. All the doorways were rimmed with white lighting. They must have trekked for at least fifteen minutes, taking multiple elevators and hallways. The final elevator they got into rose to the nose of the Finalizer. The doors opened to a busy room of people all donning the same black uniforms. Bridges splintered off in multiple directions, and beneath them were more workers in front of control panels and holographic screens. Some wore hats, others did not. The entire room was black, you could barely see the stars beyond the great triangular shaped paneled windows ahead. A figure standing in the center bridge stood with his hands folded behind his back and faced away from them, he was clad in black. Rey could hardly tell there was someone actually standing there if it weren’t for his orangish hue of red hair. “General Hux.” Kylo Ren called. The red headed man turned on his heal. His facial expression was tight and stern, he indeed took his position very seriously. There was a softness behind his furrowed brows that stuck out to Rey. His eyes were light and clear ready to hear whatever Kylo Ren had to say. He met them across the bridge half way. “Rey this is General Hux a leading member of our First Order.” Kylo Ren was quick to introduce, he seemed a little annoyed by it actually. Hux was taken slightly aback at the beautiful face that helped destroy one of his greatest creations, Starkiller Base. It took him years to build and formulate such a massive weapon, he was really quite proud of it and himself despite it only being utilized once. This was the young woman who tore that all away from him. Rey extended her hand to him. Hux’s hand met hers briefly before returning it to his backside. “Supreme Leader Snoke would like a word with the both of us Ren before the end of the day, he wants an update about this matter.” General Hux pressed. “I understand you’ve prepared a room for her?” Ren ignored Hux’s new information. Hux looked to Rey “Yes I have.” his long light lashes nearly concealed his gaze. Rey took note of them, they were longer than hers. “Good. We will show her to her new quarters. We will meet with Snoke shortly thereafter.” Hux agreed, the three of them gathered out of the room and into the elevator Kylo Ren and Rey had just emerged from. Rey stood between them, Hux to her left and Ren to her right. Hux lead the way through a series of even more halls and elevators. Rey strode between the both of them, Kylo Ren taking up the tail. Eventually Hux’s pace slowed as he took a narrow right down a hallway. “I managed to get a hold of the room within the closest proximity of your quarters and mine.” General Hux told Ren, he stopped abruptly in front of a door on the left wall of the short hallway. A red screen was positioned to the right of the door. Hux set his hand on top of it. It beeped beneath his touch. “Your quarters are the closest.” Ren looked at his surroundings. “It was the best I could do.” General Hux defended with a slightly aggravated tone. Rey watched his jaw tighten the door slid open with a resounding hiss. Hux gestured for Rey to step inside. She stepped passed him and inside. It was bigger than she imagined. She had a small living room, a small red couch and matching chair sat low to the black tiled floor. An oblong white coffee table between them. Just a few feet beyond that was a stage with three steps leading up to it. A bed sat up on top of the stage, the headboard against the left wall and a scenic window took up much of the adjacent wall. Stars slowly passed as the Finalizer moved. Across from the bed was a chest of drawers with a vanity mirror attached, it looked as if it were built into the wall. Taking another glance, the bed was also built into the wall. The bedding was gray itself. Directly to the left of the entrance was a small kitchen. The cabinets were black to match the multitude of appliances on the small counter space. A counter bar jetted out in an L shape attached to the kitchen itself. About five feet behind the counter bar was a frosted glass door. It had to be the bathroom, it shared the same wall with the headboard to the bed. “Only three people have access to this room, you, Kylo Ren, and myself,” General Hux noted “Which reminds me, you’ll need to encode your hand prints right away.” Hux had them step outside the room, he typed away at the pad he had used earlier. Rey was dizzy by the multitude of codes her pressed beneath his fingers. He had Rey set her palm flat on the pad, a scanner onced over her hand. Next was Kylo Ren, he removed his glove from his right hand. He set his palm flat against the pad, his fingers were long and slender. “You will get the same amenities as I or Kylo Ren would. Food delivered to your room if nothing in the kitchen interests you, laundry services, and maid services. Anything to make you more comfortable.” “Food?” Rey was curious. It had been a while since she last ate, yesterday actually. “Yes, I can show you how to order something.” General Hux replied. “That would be lovely.” Hux clamored internally at her kindness towards him. “We should do that quickly, Rey has had a long trek without sleep. She needs to rest. I’m sure she’d like to bathe as well.” Kylo Ren inserted himself. “Yes well, you can find a set of clean robes in the chest of drawers across from your bed. They may be big on you, but until we get you fitted for new clothes they’ll have to do. Otherwise laundry services can have the clothes on your back clean within an hour.” Hux returned his attention to Rey. Hux was sure to show her the bathroom beyond the frosted door, and where to discard her dirty laundry, he also helped her order supper for herself. To which she thanked him before he left with Kylo Ren to go discuss matters with Supreme Leader Snoke. It all felt so surreal to her. She had a room to call her own, her own bathroom, even room service! Rey practically skipped to her new bathroom in a fit of joy. A warm shower will do her well. “Supreme Leader will be happy to have her join our ranks.” Kylo Ren mused at the General, they were making their way to the hall where they would meet Supreme Leader Snoke via hologram projection. They came upon a black door, Hux raised his hand to the red pad to its right. “Don’t be too sure Ren, he may think she’s too soft.” Hux replied. “You haven’t seen what I’ve seen from her General. Don’t let your ignorance run your tongue.” Ren sneered. The door opened with a hiss, Hux dismissed the comment. They entered the hall. Supreme Leader Snoke was already awaiting their arrival. He stood center stage of the dark octagonal shaped hall. Rows of pews surrounded the center of the room, it was almost like a church. He was life sized in his hologram projection. “You’ve come to tell me of the girl?” he asked of them. “Yes Supreme Leader, we have her. She came willingly.” Ren bowed before him. Hux bowed as well. “Willingly? Are her intentions farce?” “No, I’ve seen her mind. Her anger is strong, she killed her own flesh and blood, her parents.” This was news to Hux. That kind young woman took her parents lives? Even that was hard for him to swallow. “Then the both of you are to train her.” Snoke beseeched. “Me sir?” Hux questioned. “Yes. She will need to know the law of our order. You fit that part well General. Your expertise in technology and weapons would yield her some benefits as well.” “And of me?” Ren asked. “You will teach her the physicality of fight through the ways of The Force. You are well far within your training to take on this challenge. I entrust your ways with The Force to guide her in our order. With that being said, do not train her along with your Knights of Ren. Her Force bond with you is much too important, she should be trained under your strict tutelage.” Snoke forged. “Yes Supreme Leader.” “I entrust the both of you. Do not disappoint me.” Snoke warned before leaving them to dwell in the dark room with one another. Chapter 3 : Measure Summary: “I am terrified by this dark thing that sleeps in me.” - Sylvia Plath Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey stirred in her new bed beneath the sheets. She stretched and turned on her side noticing the time on the digital clock at the bedside. She had slept well over twelve hours. After taking a hot luxurious shower and enjoying a filling meal that didn’t taste like gruel, it really wasn’t a surprise for her to sleep for such a long time. After lying around and stretching a bit more, Rey decided to get up from the bed by rolling to the side nearest the window letting her feet hang off the bed. Her toes touched her staff, it stuck out from beneath the bed, a suitable hiding place for it in case anyone unwelcome decided to barge in. Rey still wore the bathrobe she found hanging in the bathroom, far too tired to change or wait for her clothes to be washed, she thought she’d just wear it to bed. Before standing, she let out a long yawn and stretched again. Eventually Rey willed herself to get up to look out the window. It stretched at least ten feet across the wall, she walked along it looking outward. All she could see was black with white speckles. As she walked she combed her fingers through her hair, she reached the other end of the stage near the chest of drawers, a dial stuck out of the wall next to the window at chest height. The thermostat perhaps? Rey was curious and turned the dial, the window blinked, the scenery changed. Instead of looking out at the stars just outside the Finalizer, she was looking at a vivid underwater scene. Brightly colored buildings and plants stood in the distance of the teal blue water. Waves moved along a sandy floor from the sun glistening above. With a smile Rey turned the dial again, the scene changed to a grassland prairie, a bit boring, it reminded her a bit of Jakku. The next scene that appeared was much more serene. It was a coniferous forest, a thick wooded area with a lot of green. A loud buzzing sound came from the entrance to her quarters. Rey paused a moment before jumping down from the stage. The bathrobe she so carelessly never changed from hung loosely around her, she tightened it against her form with the belt. The door buzzed again before she could get a look at who stood on the other side through the touch pad to the left, Rey tapped the screen to see. General Hux stood just on the other side holding what looked like to be a stack of heavy books in one arm. Rey typed away on the pad, the door opened with a hiss. The first thing Hux noticed were Rey’s bare legs, the robe wasn’t as long as it ought to be. He didn’t let her see his quick glance over of her and looked to her face. “Is the room to your liking?” he immediately asked. “Yes, much.” She replied with a subtle smile. Hux took note of her clean glowing skin, her face was brighter. “I’ve come to inform you of your dinner with Kylo Ren and I this evening.” “Oh?” “To discuss training you, I won’t go into too much detail right now but I’ve brought you books to study.” Hux held the tattered bound books towards Rey. She took them from his grasp, opening the front cover to the book on top titled Ethics VS. Order. Right away she noticed the small handwritten name in the top left corner of the inside cover. Brendol Hux. “Brendol Hux? Brendol Hux is you?” She muttered looking up from the page. “Yes, these books are from my past homeschooling collection. They’ll be beneficial for you to read.” Rey’s gaze went past his shoulder, Hux followed it. One of the more infamous Knights of Ren was standing in the hall peering in at Rey. He looked past General Hux completely. He was just as tall if not taller than Kylo Ren. His black attire was similar to Kylo Ren’s as well, instead he had a chainmail chestplate and heavier treading boots with buckles. His hair was blond and short, and eyes bright green. “I suggest you move along Vander Ren. Wouldn’t want to keep Kylo Ren waiting now would we?” Hux told him with a flat tone. “Just came along to see this girl our Supreme Leader has dubbed so grand that she is above training with the Knights of Ren.” “I’m questioning your loyalties to Supreme Leader Vander Ren, don’t test me or Kylo Ren for that matter.” “I’m simply curious is all…” Vander Ren defended with a cheeky smile. His eyes never left Rey. “Move along, I shouldn’t have to ask you again.” General Hux bit. He found himself surprised for getting angry so quickly over Rey. With the way Vander Ren looked at her anyone would be. Vander Ren’s eyes trailed Rey as he made his way down the hall, they eventually left when he was no longer in her line of vision. Hux glared into Vander Rens back until he turned down a separate hallway and out of sight. “May I call you Brendol?” Rey broke his glare. “I’m sorry?” He didn’t hear what she had said. “May I call you Brendol?” “No...just General or General Hux.” Not only did he despise his own name, it was a constant reminder of how pretentious the men in his family were, especially his father for naming his son after himself. Hux also wanted to keep his interactions in his career as professional as possible. Rey was about to reply but they were both interrupted by a meek voice coming just behind the General “Excuse me General, I’m here to service a fitting.” A woman gawked. General Hux shifted to the side. A small older woman stood with a touchpad in hand and a roll of measuring tape. Her hair was auburn colored and stacked on top of her head, six inches of her height came from the ridiculous hairstyle. “Right on time, Rey this is Omia. She’s going to take your measurements for your new clothing.” Hux informed Rey. “It seems we need to get you refitted, you look skinnier than the last I saw you General. You’re a twig.” Rey burst into a small quick laugh. Of course Hux wasn’t even remotely that skinny, Rey just found the statement funny. They both looked to her silently. “Sorry wasn’t it a joke?” Rey feared she offended. “Of course it was, at least someone laughed.” Omia smiled shuffling past the General. Rey followed the old woman through the room, she set her small collection of books on the steps leading up to the stage before returning to stand in the living area. Hux brought himself inside, the door slid closed behind him. He watched the old woman go in circles around Rey, wrapping the measuring tape around her waist, her chest, and hips. Rey’s head followed the woman around, she held her own hair to keep it from getting pulled by accident. Omia told Rey to turn and stretch her arms out, Rey let her hair fall, her back was to Hux now. Omia measured her arm span and shoulders and knelt down. Without warning, Omia lifted Rey’s robe near her right thigh. Hux was quick to avert his gaze saving himself from his reddening cheeks. Instead his thoughts trailed to Rey’s little laugh minutes before, it didn’t help his cause. He furrowed his brows in attempt to rid the thought completely. “Where’s Ren?” Rey asked sincerely. She was facing Hux again, Omia was busy measuring her feet. “Training with his Knights, a morning session.” He answered. “I’m all done here,” Omia declared logging in the last bit of measurements into her touch pad “You can expect the clothes in about two days, I’ll let you know if I have any delays.” The little old woman made her way towards the door. Hux was sure to open the door for her and moved from her way. “I think its best you stay put in this room until later this evening when Ren or I can show you around. It’s rather easy to get lost in the corridors of this massive ship.” Hux spoke. “When is dinner?” “At six, one of us will come for you.” It was nearing six o’clock, Rey had just finished redressing into the clothes she arrived in. It was the only thing remotely appropriate for dinner, and they were also newly cleaned. At the back of her mind she wished she hadn’t paraded around in the bathrobe in front of General Hux. Although she didn’t have much of a choice, her outfit wasn’t washed at that point. Rey walked across her room to the living area having a seat on her new couch. Even it was comfier than the bed she had on Jakku. Except for whatever she was sitting on that was jabbing into her thigh, she lifted her leg finding a remote. It was small, no bigger than her palm with as little as ten buttons on it. They had no markings of any kind indicating what they all did. The biggest button must be the on button at least, so she pressed it. A holographic screen beamed up from the white coffee table. It displayed a menu with multiple boxes, a circular clock sat in the top right corner indicating that it was seven minutes beyond six. Rey switched the system off and went to the entrance of the room. General Hux did say one of them would come for her, she couldn’t imagine them being late or forgetting about dinner. If they did forget she might be relieved actually. It was a bit nerve racking. She reluctantly opened the door letting herself peek her head down the halls. Nothing was there. Nobody was there. She stepped out into the hall, the door closed. Rey decided to just walk to the ends of the hall, she could get lost that way right? First she went to the end directly to her right, she passed nothing but other doors and when she reached the end she peeked her head down the other adjacent hallways. When nothing interesting showed she turned around and walked to the other end. To her disappointment nothing was there on the left end either. It would be best to just go back to her room and wait…but which door was hers? There were four doors, all identical, and no numbers to tell a difference. Rey narrowed it down to two options by standing between the center two doors. She reached out to the one on the right ready to press her hand on the pad. “It’s not going to work, that’s my room.” A light voice came from Rey’s right side. Rey snapped her head in a startled expression in that direction. A blonde woman with an angular bob haircut and only inches taller than Rey stood there. “Oh I’m sorry.” Rey quickly apologized. “It’s nothing, they all look the same.” A gloved hand settled on Rey’s left shoulder, it startled her as it was unexpected. It was Kylo Ren, mask and all. “Come, it’s time for dinner.” He spoke flatly. Rey began to follow his tall figure the opposite way, she looked back over her shoulder. The woman was gone, must have gone into her room. “Who was that?” Rey was curious. “Nayva Ren, one of my knights. Her room is next to yours.” Ren said as he walked. Everything was a small journey on the Finalizer, even going to dinner. It was twenty minutes beyond six by the time Ren brought her to the private dining area. It was behind a random door that looked like every other hallway on the ship. The room was floor to wall white. The tile, the pillars that lined down the long room, the white table could sit at least fifty people. At the very left end sat General Hux. His black attire stood out. Ren removed his mask, she hadn’t seen his face since earlier yesterday back on Jakku. He motioned for Rey to walk down to the other end. Her steps echoed as she walked down the right side of the table, she nodded at Hux towards the end. Where does she sit? She looked to the table place settings. A bowl with a creme sort of soup sat in front of General Hux, another bowl at the very end next to him, and a bowl across the table from him. Each setting had a tall glass of water. Rey assumed Kylo Ren would be sitting head of the table, she started to pull out the chair in front of her. “Don’t sit there, sit on the end.” Ren told her. Rey pursed her lips and left the chair where it was, she proceeded to walk around the corner of the table, pull out the end chair and sit. The legs scraped against the tile while scooting closer to the table. Ren set his helmet on the chair next to his and took his seat across from the General. A service droid broke any silent conversation they might have had, it appeared out of nowhere practically. “Nyork chowder is your appetizer this evening, we have five items available for our main course.” It spoke to Rey will an eerie womanly voice. “What are those?” Rey inquired. “Groat Chops, Roast Galma, Sijjo Sewi, Lobster Bisellian, or Wroonian Flycatcher Filet.” Ren scrunched his nose at the last dish, it probably wasn’t very appetizing, Rey immediately blocked that option out of her mind. None of this dishes has Rey ever had. Not even in her short amount of time with The Resistance. She honestly wanted to try all of them, they sounded so interesting. No matter what she ordered she knew it would be better than what she scrounged for on Jakku. “I’ll have the Lobster Bisellian.” She made her decision. The droid came to Ren’s side asking him what he’d like to have. “Roast Galma.” He told the droid. Lastly the droid made its way to General Hux. “I’ll have Sijjo Sewi.” The service droid left the room abruptly leaving them to their appetizer. Rey held back from eating, waiting for one of them to begin themselves. “You don’t need to wait for us, if you’re hungry eat.” Ren commented. He was slightly amused by her behavior and cracked a small smile. Rey picked up the spoon at the side of her bowl, she dipped it in the chowder and lifted it to her mouth. It wasn’t overly hot but by god it was delicious. For every bite Hux or Ren had eaten, Rey had eaten two. Whenever either of them reached the spoon to their mouths Rey would sneak small glances of each of them. It was odd seeing them like this, in such a less intimidating environment. It was an oddly softer side to see. It reminded her that they lived as regularly are she did. They needed to eat and sleep to live. Rey was the first to finish in a matter of minutes. “The General and I have taken up the reigns in training you.” Ren sipped at his water glass. “It’ll be months of both training and studying. Six days a week. Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday you’ll be learning from me in three hour sessions. There will be heavy readings along with weekly quizzes from my end.” General Hux elaborated. “Thursday, Friday, and Saturday you’ll train with me. Stretching your ways with The Force, how to properly fight amongst other things.” Ren went on. “That sounds fair.” “When did you last use The Force?” Ren raised. General Hux sighed, he was a bit tired of the obsession over The Force. He knew very well of its existence and didn’t deny its power. It just isn’t something he could take apart to understand, it wasn’t something he himself could build. Not like a carefully constructed weapon of his design, memorizing the components in his sleep. What he didn’t understand made him feel out of place. Rey’s expression immediately became distressed furrowing her forehead, the last time she used The Force… “Was your child not enough for you?!” Rey screamed at the cowering couple on the floor beneath her, Luke’s lightsaber in hand. “Please…we’re your family.” The woman pleaded. Without hesitation Rey took the woman’s neck in a Force grip extending her fist outward. The woman gripped her neck trying to grasp at the air. “Let her go!” the man shouted in attempt to help his wife. Rey didn’t loosen her hold “Let her go! Damn you, you bitch!” Rey’s anger was white hot, a loud unsettling snap cracked in the air. The woman went limp, Rey let her body drop and came at the man with a roar deep from her chest. She raised the lightsaber high above her head with both hands. The water glasses around the table shattered, General Hux and Ren shielded their faces with their sleeves. Rey realized she was standing at the table, she was trying to collect herself. She tried to breath in when a strong bout of dizziness whirled, her knees went weak as she fell backwards blacking out. Ren reached out with his arm using The Force to catch her, she would have hit her head on the chair just behind her if he hadn’t. Hux was up from his seat already prepared to catch her in his arms. “Don’t touch her.” Ren ordered. He sat up from his chair still holding Rey with The Force, he came around to her side extending his arms beneath the empty space beneath her. Ren let her fall into his arms. The General sighed forcing his arms behind his back “Shall I call a medic?” he suggested lightly. “No. I’ll return her to her room, see about having our dishes delivered to our quarters.” “Will do.” Hux replied. “And her session with you is cancelled tomorrow. She needs her rest. It’ll be better for you to pick up on Monday, I’m sure you need more time to lay out your sessions yes?” General Hux simply nodded. Notes: If you're like me and your a visual person when it comes to characters, I'll be posting links and actors/actress names next to the character name to help you get and idea to what OC's look like at the end of chapters. Vander Ren: Alexander Skarsgard https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/c4/0f/ff/c40fff5aa7357d37438c3dac66c830af.jpg Nayva Ren: Ali Larter http://ia.media-imdb.com/images/M/MV5BMjE0MzA4Njc1NF5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTcwOTczNTUxNw@@._V1_UY317_CR10,0,214,317_AL_.jpg Chapter 4 : Gin Summary: Sorry it's short, I didn't want to leave town without giving you guys something. Smoke wafted in the air swirling around the gingers head. He took a long drag from the cigarette between his fingers and exhaled through his nose. It wasn’t a habit he was proud of, if you would even call it a habit. At most he only smoked two complete packs a year, only ever smoking at a higher time of stress or frustration. Though he felt neither of those things at the moment, he found himself smoking anyways. He was alone in one of the only smoking parlors left on the Finalizer. Hux found it slightly amusing that the First Order has taken an anti smoking stance on the ship leaving only two smoking parlors left to enjoy, sure it would benefit the health of many but was it really their business to care? The surely didn’t care about the glass of gin in his other hand. Hux looked out the angular window, the only one in the room. It wasn’t much to look at, after seeing the same white specks against a black background day in and day out any scenery would compare. The sound of a hissing door emanated in the room, another smoker perhaps? “She’s resting.” Kylo Ren’s voice hollowed out through his mask. In a few short strides he was at the General's side looking out the same window. Neither of them would turn to look at one another. “I suggest we keep a watchful eye on Vander Ren, he seems quite taken with her.” Hux mused. “If he’s smart he’ll stay clear.” “He’s hardly that smart Ren, he’s a brute.” “Are you concerned for Rey’s safety General?” Ren raised. “I’m only reminding you of what Snoke asked of you. He made it clear he doesn’t want your Knights fraternizing with her.” Hux spoke as a matter of factly. “Then will you be the one to tell Nayva Ren to vacate her quarters? It’s directly next to Rey’s.” At the time when Hux picked out the room he wasn’t aware of Supreme Leaders wishes to keep the Knights separate from Rey. It honestly escaped his mind until just now. He was quick to defend himself with a logical counter. “She’s your Knight.” Hux reminded Ren. “Rey is my student.” “She is my student as well, have you already forgotten?” He took another drag from his cigarette. It was clear neither of them wanted to continue to argue with one another. “I’ll see to it that Nayva is moved.” Ren agreed. “Good.” With that, Ren lifted his hand to Hux’s face and tore the cigarette from his lips. Without reaction he dipped the hot end in the glass of gin Hux held. “Terrible habit to have General.” Ren commented before exiting the room. Hux sighed and looked in his glass. Black ash spreading in his clear drink, the cigarette butt floated at the top. “Petulant bastard.” He muttered to himself. Rey woke in her bed to a heavy handed headache. She was initially confused at first, trying to recollect what had happened. She sat up and looked to the clock at the bedside. It was nearing about eight in the morning. Her stomach gurgled loudly through the comforter of the bed, so loud that even the blankets didn’t muffle it out. That’s right, she remembered she passed out before she could actually eat dinner. Her stomach was making it clear that it needed to be fed. It might relieve the headache a bit too. Rey tossed the comforter from her legs and crawl out of the bed. She stepped down from the stage and strode across the room to the kitchen area. The fridge was the first thing on her mind. To her surprise is was well stocked. Juices, milk, meats, and vegetables lined the shelves. The growling intensified as she eyed over the food, all of it had to be prepared in some way. She didn’t know if she could be patient enough to cook. Until she saw the metal plate covered with a glass dome tucked away on the bottom shelf. It was the dinner she was supposed to have the night before, and they only way she knew it was from last night because of a handwritten note taped to the dome. Lobster Bisellian. The handwriting was slanted cursive with heavy looping, the dots missing above the i’s and no cross through the t. There was no signature of any sort on the note either. Rey removed the dish from the fridge and set it on the counter. She’d have to reheat it, she considered eating it cold until she decided to warm it in the small oven that hung next to the fridge. She set the plate on the center rack and removed the dome, in a moment of clumsiness it slipped from her grasp and shattered on the counter top and floor. Lucky enough to miss her bare feet. Ready to groan in frustration a small beeping sound came from a small door beneath the kitchen sink. It slid open, a tiny little droid came rolling out across the floor. It was flat and shaped like a triangle, it swept across the glass picking it up like a vacuum. Rey swept the glass from the counter top onto the floor so it could pick that up as well. It worked daintily around her feet until bumped into her ankle with a beep. It wanted her to move from its way. She stepped away letting the little thing work. Rey was eating her food within ten minutes. She almost didn’t want to pick it apart, even though it was leftovers technically it was still beautiful. It was a single lobster butterflied down its tail with a type of rice vegetable stuffing. A broth pooled at the bottom, when she tasted it, it was somewhat spicy and tangy all at once. There was nothing left but the shell of the lobster when she was done. Though she liked the taste, she didn’t want it lingering around in her mouth. Rey went to her personal bathroom to freshen up for the day wondering what was on the agenda later. Would they let her lounge in the room all day? When do these classes start with General Hux and Kylo Ren? She continued to wonder as she brushed her teeth. They provided everything for her. The mirrored cabinet above the sink was stock full. Toothpaste, a toothbrush, painkillers, cotton swabs, cotton balls, tissue, mouth wash, even mints. The shower took up a majority of the bathroom, it was a steam shower with a long granite bench. The water rained down from above instead of a shower head. A long shelf was sunken into the main wall of the shower, an arrangement of soaps, shampoo, body wash, conditioner all sat in bottles. Rey emerged from the bathroom, just as she was about to skip up to her bed the door buzzed loudly. She changed her course and went for the door touching the pad to get a look see on who might be on the other side. Nothing was there. She touched the pad to open the door, it opened with a hiss. She peeked her head out noticing the figure standing at the door of the room next to hers. Vander Ren. His blond and tall demeanor is what made him recognizable. He looked directly at Rey with a crooked smile. “Sorry…mistook your room for my sisters.” His crooked smile never wavered. Nayva Ren’s door opened with a hiss, to which she immediately burst into a torrent of slurs pushing a box towards Vander Rens way. “Little bitch already has him whipped.” Nayva Ren rudely commented, she looked to Vander Ren’s gaze on Rey. The look of confounding hate sprawled across Nayva Ren’s face, while Vander Ren continued his now eerie smile. “What are you looking at Scavenger?” Nayva Ren quipped. Rey was hardly one for verbal confrontations like this, especially knowing without a doubt she had done nothing to be called such things. The scowl on Nayva Ren’s face softened, her eyes widened slightly. “Is there an issue here?” A familiar voice raised to the right of Rey, Kylo Ren was pacing down the right hall towards them maskless. “No sir.” Vander Ren replied. Kylo Ren stopped directly in front of Rey’s door. He however had his eyes on the blond siblings. “I still I expect you to vacate you quarters by the end of the hour Nayva.” Kylo Ren reminded her with a stern tone. “Yes.” She simply said, no sir or formality to it. Ren turned to Rey. “May I come in?” he asked. Rey nodded and stepped back into her room. Ren came through the doorway, the door closed behind his backside. Rey didn’t know whether to stand there in front of him, say something, or even sit down. She chose to hide her hands behind her back looking up at him, she could only look up, he was so much taller than she. “Do you have a headache?” he asked her. “A slight one.” She admitted. “It should fade before the afternoon comes, it was a stressful night for you.” Rey remained quiet, she didn’t want to delve into the events of what happened last night. “Did General Hux manage to get your supper to you like I asked of him?” Ren raised a brow. “Yes, I found it in the fridge. I ate it this morning.” “Good. I don’t have much time as I have errands to run, but I came here to tell you it would be best if you stayed in your room today. I will admit that Nayva Ren most likely feels harshly towards you at the moment, she’s been vacated to a new room for your comfort.” “She didn’t need to be moved.” Rey felt slightly bad, it explained what just happened minutes ago though. “Yes she did. You’re not allowed to mingle with the Knights, they’re not allowed to mingle with you.” “Why?” Ren ignored her question “Tomorrow you’ll have your first session with me. I’ll pick you up from your room at four a.m., get your rest while you can.” Chapter 5 : Breakfast Summary: "It is better to risk saving a guilty person than to condemn an innocent one." Voltaire Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) A loud buzzing sound woke Rey from her sleep, she perked up from her pillow instantly. The time was 3:55, she got up from the bed in a mad rush. The alarm she had set didn’t go off, maybe she set it wrong? The door buzzed again, it was not quite 4:00 am but she wasn’t about to make Ren wait out in the hall. Rey sprinted for the door tripping in the darkness, she didn’t waver and tapped the touch pad on the wall. The door opened with a hiss. Ren raised a brow at her immediately upon seeing her, she wasn’t ready like he asked. Her hair was a slight tangled mess around her shoulders. Without his mask it was easy for Rey to see his disappointment. “I’m sorry, my alarm didn’t go off.” She immediately apologized looking off to the side of his left shoulder, cylindrical hung down from a strap. “Then I suggest you hurry.” He minded her. She nodded his way and turned to go on about getting ready with the lights on mind you. She still wore the single outfit she owned, every day she waited she hoped they would hurry and make her new clothes. All Rey really needed to do was wash her face, brush her hair and pull it up. Since Ren was waiting just outside her door she was quick in doing so. Rey was surprised at his patience, gathering from what little she knew about him she always assumed he was an impatient man. It most likely depended on what it was he was waiting on. “Bring your staff.” He informed. Rey nodded and danced up to her bed space. She removed the staff from beneath the bed and came back to him, when she returned to him he handed her the cylinder that hung on his shoulder, it was damp and cool. It was a water bottle. Ren stepped to the side so Rey could exit the room, he took the lead without a word. Rey simply followed. It was only several minutes after when they actually left her room. Surely it would take them time to get to wherever they were going Rey thought, it was most likely the reason he wanted her up so early. The ship was massive, Rey learned quickly that there was no such thing as a couple minute venture to anywhere important aboard the Finalizer. “Will we be having breakfast sometime?” Rey inquired as she trailed behind Ren. “When the session is done. I can’t have you vomiting in the training arena.” Just what exactly will she be doing? Rey made a disgruntled face by scrunching her forehead. They briskly walked through multiple corridors as guaranteed on the Finalizer. They came upon an open doorway, it was at least three times larger than a typical doorway on the ship. Rey promptly followed Ren through. It was an arena of sorts. Bigger than a ballroom, the ceiling stretched far above their heads. One wall was purely just a slanted window looking over the starry horizon. It took up the entire length of that wall. The lights above were a type of spotlight. The wall directly to the right was black with red oblong shapes scattered and jetting from the wall, a climbing wall. A circular stage took up a great deal of space in the center of the room. Exercise equipment was designated to the corner across from the climbing wall and next to that was a rack that brandished weapons of all sorts. “Seeing as you’ve made us a bit late, I’m holding you accountable Rey, just as anyone else on this ship.” Ren interrupted Rey’s gaze over the room. She wasn’t insulted by this, she was late after all, even by a few minutes. They’re here to train, not exclude her with special treatment. Rey nodded. “Seventy-five push ups.” He lightly demanded of her. “In a row?” “In a row.” Rey didn’t want to disappoint, Ren took her staff and water bottle before she dropped down to the floor. It was slick, her shoes couldn’t hold as firm of a grip as her hands, she continued to pull herself in the typical push up stance anyway. The first push down resulted in her toes slipping from under her, she caught herself with her knees. Ren told her to start over, but this time he firmly planted the side of his boot behind her feet so she wouldn’t slip again. Up and down. Up and down. Ren pressed on her lower back with his palm to keep her from raising her ass higher than it ought to be. By the time she reached twenty-five her arms were already shaking uncontrollably, but she continued on by gritting her teeth. She was already sweating heavily and burning up halfway through, she was thankful the room was cool. At fifty her own weight was too much, she collapsed on her chest. “Continue.” Ren told her. Rey picked herself up again struggling to do five more, and then five again. “That’s enough for now.” She had only made it to sixty however, she was thankful he asked her to stop. Ren had her stand again handing off her staff. She used it as leverage to keep herself standing. “You handle the staff well?” He asked of her. She nodded in reply. “Do you prefer it over a saber?” “I can’t say, I’ve only wielded one a handful of times.” “You’ll have your own when the time is right. We’ll utilize your skills with the staff and gradually move towards a saber.” Ren was trying to get her physical fitness at her peak for now, it would take a few weeks at most as she was already pretty fit. It was a matter of building her endurance. So he sent her to work with the exercise equipment, or at least familiarize herself with it on this first session. He showed her all the proper ways to sit, pull, weigh, and lift with the equipment as they went along and tried them out. She did sets of twenty five on each machine with sets of thirty pushups and sit-ups randomly sprinkled between. Needless to say, he was running her ragged. It was a grueling three hours of this, she faltered half way through nearly every task he assigned to her. He could only push her so far. At around seven-thirty Rey realized why he didn’t want her to eat beforehand. She was on the verge of feeling the need to throw up as it was without anything in her stomach except water, the sit-ups being the main culprit of the nausea. She sipped at her water instead of taking big gulps, it would make it worse. She was between the uncomfortable feeling of thirst and nausea. Ren let her rest for a solid ten minutes, she took to sitting on the floor sipping away at her water. It was straight back to the session once those ten minutes were up. He prompted her to get up on the circular stage, Ren removed his hood completely and took a staff from the collection of weapons near the exercise equipment. Rey took the hint and wielded her staff in her hands, she waited for him to jump up on the stage. When he did he took no time in lunging for an attack, Rey was quick to respond by holding her staff defensively in a blocking manner. He wanted to see her raw skills without his guidance, Rey had to rely on her own instincts in this fight. Being much taller than her Ren had an advantage, he pushed forward making Rey incline backwards on her planted feet. It was a reminder of their first fight, Ren had her looming over a cliff in the same way, this time it was the edge of the stage. Rey had the advantage of being small, she looked down for an escape literally right between Ren’s legs. She dropped to her knees bringing her staff with her, Ren lurched forward slightly but he anticipated her escape, by looking down she had given herself away. Although Rey did manage to slip under his legs with her staff tucked under her arm, Ren twisted his body with a swing of his staff, it nearly made contact with the side of her head. He stopped himself from hitting her, if this were the real thing he most definitely would have won. “Try again.” Ren mused. Rey stood and faced him fully again. This time she went in for the strike by lifting her elbow for leverage in hopes to make the end of her staff make contact with the side of his face just as he did to her. Ren took her off guard by grabbing the space of her own staff between her hands and pulling her forward. It was definitely a move no one attempted with her before. In a slight clamor of frustration, The Force started to rear within her, Ren could feel her trying to push him away. She was just too exhausted to make anything come of it. Ren pulled her staff upwards above himself while still gripping his own in his left hand. Rey refused to loosen her grip and came face to face with Ren as her feet dangled off the ground. The fact that he was able to lift her completely off the ground with one arm really put Rey off, it was incredibly intimidating. She didn’t want to let go just quite yet, she hung with one hand and reached his wrist that gripped her staff. Rey didn’t feel the warmth or softness of skin beneath his sleeve. Instead what she gripped was the cold touch of metal. At first she thought it might have been a bracelet, Ren wasn’t the type of person to wear jewelry, it wasn’t his character from the little she figured about him. Without warning Ren let the staff fall, Rey nearly fell but still had a hold of his wrist. The strength, the cool touch of metal… “Y-you’re arm…” Rey stuttered. “I lost it. You slashed it in all the right places in our venture on Starkiller.” Rey immediately let go and stepped back with her staff in hand. It’s not like she would notice something like that, the only bare thing she’s seen is his face. He never so much as removed his gloves in front of her. Guilt piled in Rey’s chest, it couldn’t be helped. “We’re done for today,” Ren announced, Rey let his wrist slip from her grasp “I’ll show you to your room, the rest of the day is yours.” Ren let her collect her water bottle, she proceeded to follow him out of the training arena. They said nothing as they walked, Rey was silently stewing in herself. Why does she feel this way? She slashed his arm out of defense…or had she? Does she feel guilty because he offered to help her find her place after she scarred him forever, not only that but eliminated the use of his arm? Rey mulled it over half a dozen times by the time they reached her room. When the door opened she didn’t know whether to invite him inside or not, he could come whenever he wanted in all actuality, so could General Hux. Rey only hoped they would ask her first. “There’s a gift on your table.” Ren nodded past her at the coffee table in her living room area. Rey turned to look, she was slightly thankful for the new distraction. She sure as hell didn’t want to bring up his arm again. Rey walked over to the table and set her staff down on the couch, her water bottle swayed on her shoulder. It wasn’t a gift per say, it wasn’t wrapped or anything like that. It was just a tablet much like the ones on the walls near the doors. “I prompted the General to give you your own. He programmed it with maps and directions to get around the Finalizer on your own. The both of us are busier than we’d like to be, neither of us can show you around properly.” Ren said from behind her, he had made his way into her room. “Thank you.” Rey’s expression lit up slightly through her exhaustion and picked up the tablet. It lit up with her touch. “There should be profiles of ranking individuals on this ship, it would be prudent that you learn their names.” “Of course.” She agreed. Not trying to come off as rude, Rey neglected to play with the device in front of him. A long moment passed without anything said, Ren shifted his weight and cleared his throat. “Tomorrow we’ll have another session at 4am, I expect you to be ready this time.” “Yes, I will.” Rey assured him and herself. She wouldn’t do it again. “Tomorrow then.” He bowed his head at her, at first she didn’t know how to respond, she bowed her head too feeling the need she had to. Rey watched him take leave with the door closing behind him. As much as she wanted to go exploring with her new “gift” she just didn’t have the energy to walk around for hours right now. She sat on her couch with her tablet in her lap. There were so many sections and maps to look at, there were rooms of the ship she never thought of. A theater even. There were hundreds of profiles of the staff aboard the ship to sift through, she was really only interested in two. Kylo Ren and General Hux. Since she was going to be spending a significant amount of time with them her reasoning for seeking them out was justification enough. The profiles didn’t state much, they loosely covered the positions and successes in the First Order. Rey already knew Kylo Ren was head of the Knights of Ren, everything in his profile was well known across the galaxy, specifically to the Resistance. General Hux’s profile was where she learned something new, she knew even less about him than Ren. Rey was surprised to find out he was the main mind behind Starkiller base, he practically engineered it himself. Rey didn’t read too much further into it when it stated it was nearly a decade’s worth of effort from his side. It was a weapon of mass destruction, that’s all there was to it. It was a harsh reminder of where she was and what she was doing. She was part of the First Order now. Was this right? Notes: No Ginger Cinnamon Roll appearing in this chapter, sorry guys! I hope you're enjoying so far. Chapter 6 : Questions Summary: "Proud people create great sorrows for themselves" - Emily Bronte Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The next morning Rey was sure to be up and ready in time. Disappointing her “teacher” was the last thing she wanted to do. To say the least, Kylo Ren was pleased when he turned up to her quarters at the early hours of the morning. Rey walked with him in silence towards the training arena. It wasn’t until they entered the arena that Ren spoke up. “Did you have a look around the ship?” He asked. “I was planning on doing that after today’s session.” “I see...well, let’s begin. Ninety push-ups.” Ren ordered lightly. “Ninety? I was on time today.” “You didn’t finish the entire seventy-five in the set I assigned you yesterday. Until you complete the goals I assign they'll be amped up.” Rey didn’t argue, she dropped to the floor. She peeled through about twenty when her arms felt like they were going to give way. She ended up completing less than the day before. Her body only allowed her to complete forty, given the day she had before it came at no surprise. Kylo ren wanted to push her hard, she felt like she disappointed him. Once that ridicule was over it was time to work out on the exercise equipment. Only this time, he joined her. Kylo Ren shed his cal and layers to keep from overheating. Whichever machine Rey chose, he used the nearest one. He asked her to count aloud as he couldn’t see her most of the time. Ren had her do push ups and sit ups between set just like the day before. The exercise portion lasted about four hours, Rey didn’t know how much farther she could go. “Let’s take a break and pick up again on the stage.” Ren disheveled his hair from his face. Rey panted and nodded, she made her way up to the stage with her water bottle and staff. She took it upon herself to lay down on the stage, probably not the best idea but she hardly cared. Several minutes passed, Rey wondered when they’d pick up again. Part of her wished they would call it a day, she’d fall asleep on the stage right there. She was rather relaxed until a loud war cry made her jolt up. Kylo Ren came at her wielding a staff, as if on instinct Rey blocked his blow from her body. She tried to stand, she could only manage to get herself in a crouching position as Ren pushed her down on her ass. “Enemies don’t care if you’re tired, they’ll get at you with any chance you give them.” Ren gave his word of advice while reaching his right hand down to her. Rey noted that it was his new hand, no flesh was beneath the glove. She took it in hers, he pulled her up to stand. “I want you to disarm me.” Ren ordered. “What?” Rey found herself blocking another one of his blows, in turn she mad a reach for the staff in his hands. She knew right away it was just too easy of a task when she actually managed to grab hold. Ren pulled her against himself, it happened so quick the wind was knocked out of her. Ren yanked the staff from her grasp and tossed it away behind himself. The only thing between themselves was the staff he held with both hands, Rey refused to let go. “I’ve seen you do so much better, you’re not using the Force.” He teased. He got exactly the reaction he wanted from her, she gritted her teeth and pushed him away. His heels slid back at least three feet. Rey reached out just beyond him, he hand rasping at the air for her staff. It flew across the stage to her grip. “Good.” Ren praised her. Rey lunged with an attack, Ren managed to block her. She tried and tried edging him closer to the end of the stage. Each attack became quicker, more violent, and more forceful. Ren was at the edge when Rey delivered a quick flick of her elbow, the end of her staff jolted Ren in the chin. He fell backwards off the stage, Rey ripped the staff from his hand. Falling straight on his back, Rey immediately dropped the staffs with a quick gasp and covered her mouth. “I’m sorry!” she exclaimed. “Don’t apologize. You did what I asked Rey.” Ren retorted as he sat up. Rey didn’t know whether to jump down from the stage and help him or keep her distance. She chose the latter and picked up the staffs. Ren treaded his way towards her, for once she towered over him. His chin was already beginning to bruise, he looked up at her with praise nonetheless. Rey handed him his staff. “We’ll keep these skills in mind when you make your own lightsaber, you should consider fabricating a double ended one.” “I will.” Rey agreed. “We’re done with today’s session, you’re dismissed.” Rey nodded and retrieved her water, Ren was making his way to put the staff away amongst the rest of the weapons. She considered telling him goodbye but she decided to leave the session where it was. She was quick to get back to her room where she showered away her thoughts. Ren would have a full bruise by tomorrow, it was small, but she still put it there. He was proud of her though, shouldn’t she be proud too? She was able to disarm him like he asked. There was just something about the encounter she had to wash away. Her sullen mood was also washed away when she emerged from the shower. Her new clothes arrived. A droid delivered them when she was toweling off, perfect timing. Rey laid out all her new garments on her bed. They were all black, even the undergarments. Some looked like the suits the officers wore, her favorite was a garment similar to her old clothes. They draped across her body in the same fashion. This what she’ll wear today. And like that she was off to go exploring with her new touchpad tablet. It was programmed with a GPS system, whenever she typed in key words the touch pad would direct her. The first thing she typed in was “food”. It gave her directions to the closest cafeteria and its dishes listed for the day, the thing that threw her off was that it listed their cost in credits. That was something she didn’t have. Whenever she ordered food to her room she didn’t have to pay, was that the only free food service she got? Did she even earn credits? It seemed like something General Hux could answer. Rey didn’t even know where to begin to look for him. So she thought of the first place she had met him, sounds like a good place to start. Finding the room based on memory was all she could go on, as she wandered the halls aimlessly it occurred to her that he might be busy. Maybe he had the day off? She didn’t know, the worst thing he could do is turn her away or tell her to come back later right? It took her well over a half an hour but she managed to find where she was headed, she recognized the elevator. Rey urged herself forward and let herself inside. She did her best to remember what floor she needed to go to, she ended up guessing and hoped for the best and the doors closed. The elevator moved upwards, it was a short ride and just as the doors opened a familiar face startled her just on the other side. The person she was looking for, but he was not alone. “Oh, hello General. I was just coming to find you.” Rey told the ginger. Rey’s gaze glossed over the woman standing directly next to him. Her hair was blonde and stacked tall on top of her head, she had dangling gold earrings to match the gold trim of her white dress. She had her green eyes tucked away beneath a strong brow. She looked at Rey with scrutiny. Hux stood with his hands behind his back, dressed in the same outfit as all the other days Rey had seen him. “Is there something that you need?” General Hux asked stepping into the elevator, the woman did so as well. He leaned his way to press a button on the elevator. “Well…you see it’s about my meal plan I guess…” Rey did her best to articulate herself. She figured the woman in the elevator was high in rank, perhaps royalty. Rey was suddenly self-conscious of herself. “Aren’t you going to introduce me General?” The woman raised her brow. “Rey, this is Willa…” The General trailed without so much as looking at the woman standing near himself. “His fiancé.” Willa added. Rey felt her chest sink at this news, she didn’t understand why. The look over the General's face was pure annoyance, he cleared his throat and sighed heavily. Willa noticed his reaction immediately. Her face turned quite sour “As you can see my fiancé feels quite differently about our engagement.” Willa interjected. It became obvious their engagement wasn’t for love. “I have yet to decide on the matter.” The General clarified. “Sorry that a man such as yourself deems it so easy to reject something so beautiful, I’d hardly call you a man at all. It makes one wonder where your true wishes lie, in a woman’s bed, or a man’s?” Willa snapped, the moment the doors opened she stormed out of the elevator. “My apologies-“ Rey started only to be interrupted. “I apologize on her behalf. It wasn’t an appropriate event for you to see.” Rey could only look at him, she tried to come up with a response. “You had a question Rey?” The General reminded her. “Yes, it’s about the cafeterias here. Am I allowed to eat in the cafeterias or only my room?” Rey’s stomach growled before the General could answer. “Have you eaten yet today?” he asked instead. “No, I haven’t.” “I was just on my way to have a bit of breakfast myself. I can answer your questions over a meal with you if you’d like?” “Ok.” Rey tried to think of the slew of questions that had been collecting in her head for the past few days. She hardly watched where she was going when she followed General Hux around, she narrowed down her questions leaving the ones she thought were stupid behind herself. The ones about Hux’s non-fiancé-fiancé were definitely out of the question. They reached a familiar area, it looked like the area where living quarters were. Rey assumed they were going to her own room but General Hux continued on and passed her room. He made it to the fork in the hall and took a sharp turn to the left. A single door sat at the end of the hall, Rey followed him to it. The General removed his gloves and held them in his left hand before raising the right one to the touchpad to the right of the door. It opened like all the other doors on the ship, with a hiss. “You may come in.” The General told her stepping inside. The door closed behind herself after she followed his invite. It was living quarters. And it was at least three times the size of her own, it wasn’t just one room. There were multiple beyond some open doors. They stood in the living area, a long white couch took up a majority of the space along with a white rug and long coffee table. Two small red chairs sat across from the couch and coffee table with its own circular table between them. The kitchen was about the same size as hers, only it sat to the right of the room instead of the left. Three doors lined the back wall with odd spacing between them, two were open the middle one closed. If she leaned far enough she could spot the corner end of a bed in the room in the door on the right. “Mew” a tiny sound came from Rey’s feet, she looked down to see a pair of feline eyes looking up at her. A fat orange tabby cat flickered its tail as it sat looking up at her. “Oh a cat.” Rey looked up at the General. “Her name is Millicent.” The General came up behind the feline, Millicent turned her head and mewed at him. “I’ve never seen a cat before, are they supposed to be fat?” Rey’s question was innocent as ever. General Hux had a hard time holding back a laugh. “No, she just lies around most days.” He answered her with a slight smile, so slight it was hardly readable. Millicent looked to Rey again, with her eyes focused she knew where to get the attention from. The feline rubbed her head against Rey’s boots. “May I pet her?” she asked, the General nodded. Rey crouched down to pet Millicent and ran her hand down her neck and back eliciting loud purrs “What a funny noise she makes, do they all do that?” Rey smiled down at the tabby. “They do.” Rey stood up after a few more pats, orange hair clung to her sleeves. She shook away most of it and absentmindedly picked it away when she sat at the kitchen bar. The General took to the stool next to her, he typed away their breakfast order, and once it was sent out the General removed his coat and set it over the back of the couch. He shuffled into the kitchen. Millicent took it upon herself to jump on the empty stool and take the Generals place. She rolled on her back exposing her belly to Rey. “What would you like to drink?” General Hux asked, his face was hidden by an opened cabinet. “Water please.” Rey reached out to touch Millicent’s belly, only to be attacked with biting teeth. Rey giggled. “She fancies you better than Willa.” General Hux interrupted, he stood with two water glasses in hand by the stool. He promptly set the glasses down and urged Millicent to jump down from his seat. “What questions do you have? More importantly, is everything well for you?” The General pressed. Notes: Sorry it's late. Lots of stuff going on right? We got to meet Millicent, and who's this bitch named Willa? Sidenote: Yes I heard that Hux's name isn't actually Brendol. I've grown to like the name and I'm extremely conflicted in changing it. I only mentioned it in one chapter, it's easily changeable. But I thought "What's the point? I give him a new name, then the next movie comes out and I have to change it again." All we know is that his name is not Brendol. Chapter 7 : Nightmare Summary: “All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.” ― Edgar Allan Poe Rey’s breakfast with General Hux was surprisingly humble. Every question she asked he had an answer for. She refrained from anything personal, she could still feel the tension of the spat with Willa between them. It was a short breakfast too, he needed to tend to other work related things. Before they decided to part he asked Rey if she had started reading her books. She admitted she hadn’t looked over a single page, he prompted her to at least read the first chapter of each book before their session on Monday. She agreed to do so while giving Millicent a pat on the head. Hux made sure she was able to find her own quarters from his before leaving her to herself for the day. Rey appreciated his patience with her, she hoped it would carry on when the study sessions started. The first thing she did when she returned to her own room was open the books he had given her. That night… She had fallen asleep some time ago around eight o’clock. After enjoying yet another nice meal and shower the weight of her day dragged her down early. She woke just before midnight to use the restroom and get a glass of water for herself to which she chugged before returning to bed. It didn’t take her long to drift off into sleep again. *BOOM* The sound was so sudden and loud it ripped her from her sleep, in a panic she had shot up from her bed. The room was too dark to see, she craned her head all around to have a look see. The forest back drop in her window was just a black screen, otherwise she would have been able to at least make the shapes of the furniture in her room. She quieted her frantic breathing to listen in on the darkness. At first it was just quiet mumbling, she couldn’t make out what was being said or where it came from. It turned into loud whispers, a repeated sentence roamed the room. “Why did you kill daddy?” a small quiet voice asked. “Who?” Rey raised. “Why did you kill daddy?” another voice asked. “Why did you kill daddy?” the small quiet voice asked again, only this time Rey could pinpoint where it came from. It was just beyond the doorway to her room, though it wasn’t muffled or drowned out by the metal door between them…something just told her it was there. Rey jumped from her bed, multiple voices chimed in repeating the blasted questioning sentence over and over again until Rey stumbled to her door in the darkness. Without hesitation she smacked her palm on the pad to open the door. The light from the hall made her eyes ache, they were trying to adjust. When they did there was nothing in the hall to be seen. It was eerily quiet now. The voices had stopped, Rey took in a breath and peeked her head beyond the door to look down the hallways. And there was nothing. “Why did he kill daddy?” a small voice below her broke the silence, she snapped her gaze down. A little boy stood there with dark hair, a mop of a mess around his ears. Big brown eyes, she had seen them before. “Ren?” Rey’s voice trembled, she knelt down. He continued to look beyond her, he wasn’t looking at her at all like she had thought. Rey craned her head to look at what the boy was so focused on. A black figure stood in the darkness of her room near her bed, her eyes widened. The little boy suddenly gripped for Rey’s protection. “Don’t let him take me!” he cried against her, she instinctively wrapped her arms around the child. A red light ignited itself to life in the room with an eerie crackling sound she had hear before. She didn’t need to see the two smaller beams jetting from its base to know whose weapon it was. And like that she was lifting the child into her arms and broke into a sprint. The boy wailed against her neck as she ran down the right hall. She looked behind herself to see the looming figure of the masked Kylo Ren treading his way behind them, his saber slashed along the hallway wall. In a panic she took the next left and picked up the pace. The crackling and slashing continued. “REY!” he screamed her name as if it were a curse, the modulator on his helmet couldn’t conceal his anger. He was out of view when she looked behind again and took another left in hopes to lose him. Her collar was soaked from the tears of the little boy, he kept his face buried as his little arms clung around her neck and legs wrapped around her waist. “NO!” she growled noticing the hallway was coming to its end, a dead end. Through the sobs of the child she could hear Kylo Ren’s saber weaving through the air in the nearest hallway. He stepped into their view, an expressionless mask set to kill. “STOP!” she cursed at him, she turned her hip to shield the boy with her body. He hardly listened and continued to lurch forward and raising the saber in his hand “REN!” Rey screamed. He didn’t stop, he was dangerously closed with the saber above his head ready to slash. “BEN!” Rey screamed his name, his real name. He stopped in his tracks, the lightsaber still in the air ready to slash “I won’t let you hurt him.” she professed. “He is weak.” Kylo Ren simply spoke through his mask. “Wake up.” a deep voice broke her from the nightmare. A pair of hands gripped her shoulders as she jolted awake. The first thing she saw were those big brown eyes… “Ren?” she breathed before cowering away. She was in an unfamiliar room, shaped like a hexagon. Modulators and buttons lined the walls along with a few doors, a large single bed was illuminated by a light from above. Ren stood in front of her with his brown eyes glossing over, he wore nothing but black sweats. His bare chest was exposed and pale. She was in his room. He took a step closer. “Don’t.” she backed away from him. “Rey- “You came after me!” “It was nothing but a nightmare Rey.” He tried to handle. “WHY AM I IN YOUR ROOM? I DON’T EVEN KNOW WHERE YOUR ROOM IS!” “You came on your own!” he raised his voice over hers. “What?” she quaked. “Look.” he pointed behind her, she turned to see what was left of his bedroom door. It was mangled to wiry pieces and completely torn from its mechanism. Sparks rained down from the frame above. Bewildered, she looked to him. “I did that?” her voice shook. “You did.” He could see the guilt written all over her face. It made him uncomfortable seeing her so upset, especially when it was at the hand of HIS dream. He knew that something like this might happen now that they were in a lot closer proximity to one another, but never to the extent of her subconscious invading his head while they both slept. The only advantage he had right now was the fact that Rey had no idea of it. He can pretend and deny all he wanted that he knew nothing of the nightmare. His nightmare. Without warning she embraced him, he didn’t expect her to do so, his arms held up in response. She pressed her tiny frame against his, fingertips clenching the skin of his back. “I’m sorry…I’m sorry.” she mumbled through a bit of tears. The sweet scent of her newly washed hair wafted in his face, slowly he let his arms snake around her. His skin felt like it was set ablaze, he didn’t know whether it was because she clung to him with such tenderness or the fact that she had said his name…Ben… “Let’s get you back to your room.” He prompted, he could take her being so close anymore. She looked to him with a nod and released him. Since she had no idea how she’d gotten there he would be the one to have to take her back. He also didn’t want any Stormtrooper doing it either. Rey waited for him to slip into a robe he rummaged for in his bathroom. It was behind a door just to the right. “W-where will you sleep?” she asked as they walked through the halls. “My room.” “With the door like that?” “Hardly anyone comes close to it when it’s closed. They don’t even come down my hall.” He replied. They arrived at her door shortly after, Rey let herself inside by pressing her palm to the pad. Ren lingered just outside her door. “No session today.” his voice deeply instructed. “But I can do it.” Rey insisted. “No session today.” He repeated himself. She figured it wasn’t best to argue with him any further. She ripped the door off his bedroom for God sake. It was also very late…or early for the both of them. She let the door close between them without another word. Ren stood there in front of her door for more than a handful of minutes. Where in the hell did she learn his NAME? Chapter 8 : Pressure Summary: “True character is revealed in the choices a human being makes under pressure - the greater the pressure, the deeper the revelation, the truer the choice to the character's essential nature.” ― Robert McKee Rey had that next day to herself, unfortunately she was wide awake after the incident in Kylo Ren’s room. By the time 11am rolled around she was already exhausted, yet hungry enough to order herself a little lunch. She lounged on the couch with her bedspread comforter wrapped around her legs and touchpad in her lap. She typed away into the meal program General Hux had showed her, a list of main entrées came up. There was a type of beef stew with potatoes, a filet of fish on a bed of rice pilaf, or pasta with a medley of vegetables. She settled for the rice and fish. Most of the dishes she picked in her days aboard the Finalizer consisted of fish, she had never had it on Jakku. When she was with the Resistance for the short amount of time that she was she managed to have it for the first time. She quite liked it. So many options were available compared to Jakku. Her new meals were hot and inviting, whereas on Jakku they would hardly be cooked and bland. The few times she was able to cook it was usually dehydrated, she had to use a decent amount of her drinking water to prepare it. Before Rey could set her touchpad down a message popped up over her screen. It was a blinking bubble spelling out General Hux. Rey poked it to open it, the General only had a few sentences written out to her. “Have you started reading the books I gave you? I feel like I should tell you that I’ll be quizzing you briefly on Monday. It’s the only free warning you’ll have, all the others will be at random.” A keyboard came up so she could respond. Rey typed away. “I have, I thank you for the warning.” “Unfortunately my mornings are my busiest, your sessions with me will have to take place in the evenings. Although, I managed to schedule accordingly so you’ll be able to have dinner beforehand.” “What time is that?” “Six PM. I’ve reserved a private conference room for ourselves.” “Sounds good, I’ll do my best to prepare.” Rey set her touchpad down in her lap. A moment later she found herself picking it up again, if she could message the General then surely she could message Ren too? She searched over the messaging program, a long list of contacts were attached inside. All she really wanted to do was apologize again. Her heart leapt at the sight of his name in the list, she tapped it with her thumb and began writing out her message. “I’d like to apologize for what happened earlier this morning. With your guidance I hope to gain better control of my ways with the Force.” Rey sent it without hesitation, she realized he most likely wouldn’t reply. She just wanted to assure him how truly sorry she felt. Having heard about what happened between Rey and Ren from somebody other than Ren himself set the General off. It’s not like they both made an agreement to report anything of substance that happened with Rey with one another, but he felt he should at least be notified. After all, she’s his student too. He figured he’ll have a little chat with Ren about it all. Right now in fact. He was nearly to his personal quarters. In the distance he could see the damage already, it seems the rumors were true, Rey had completely ripped the door from the mechanism. General Hux didn’t feel the need to announce himself and walked right inside. He stood at the edge of a rug at the end of Rens bed. Ren himself was nowhere to be found, at least not in from of him. “By all means, come into my personal space General.” Kylo Ren quipped in his mask from behind. General Hux turned to face him “It would probably be in our best interests to report events like the one that occurred early this morning.” Ren lifted his hands to his helmet, the mouthpiece hissed upwards as he removed it from his face. He tucked it away under his arm. “I agree, when exactly were you going to tell me that Rey met your lovely fiancé?” Ren went in for a low jab. “Willa is hardly of any concern.” Hux sneered. “I disagree, she’s royalty. First impressions are everything for Rey’s new reputation. You could have tarnished it.” “I’ll deal with Willa later.” Hux stepped closer to Ren. He was practically eye level with the man, Ren was only two inches taller than himself. “Have you made your decision then? You know Snoke will have inclination to ask you again. The Duke is getting impatient waiting for your answer regarding the marriage to his daughter.” “I don’t see how that’s any of your business Ren.” “Oh but it is, it effects all of us.” Ren wasn’t wrong there, it was the truth, not another jab at the General’s character. Neither of them would let their pride down. They continued to stare down one another. Ren searched in the blue for another thing to exploit, while Hux noticed the shade of brown in Ren’s eyes were darker. It was one of the subtle things he noticed about Ren in the rare moments he went without a helmet. Some days they were lighter, others they were darker. “I’m here for repair.” A voice came from the doorway. Ren returned the helmet to his face before turning to greet the repairman standing there in a gray jumpsuit. Hux slipped past the the both of them to get on with his day. Hux was always exceptionally good at preventing Ren from getting to him. This day was a little different. The General has always been under a great deal of pressure since his youth, his professional decisions effect the First Order. Now his personal ones are under the scope. A marriage to Willa Colokti, the Duchess of Telhish yields a lot of benefits for The First Order, not only financially but socially. At first he really considered the marriage…that is…until he met Willa. He couldn’t imagine himself spending the rest of his life with such a brat. The idea of having children with the woman set him off from the marriage even further. His mother would disapprove of it entirely. She always claimed you should marry for love, not status. It wasn’t a secret that she doesn’t love her son’s father. Her love is her son. As for his father Brendol Hux the first, he hardly would care. He’d show his face at the wedding to keep up appearances at that would be the end of it. This type of pressure was different. The General is feeling it. Chapter 9 : Knowledge Summary: “You are imperfect, permanently and inevitably flawed. And you are beautiful.” ― Amy Bloom General Hux waited patiently in the white walled conference room for his student to arrive. He flicked through his touchpad placing the last of the finishing touches on his quiz for her. Removing his hat minded the time, it would be another five minutes until Rey was supposed to come. He didn’t know what to expect from her, he knew very little about her. Hopefully the studying she claims to have done will pay off, he obviously doesn’t want her to fail, and it would be a reflection of himself as her superior and teacher. “General?” her meek voice entered the room. He looked up to see her standing at the very end of the long white conference table, he didn’t even hear the door. Her hair hung down over her shoulders, it was neatly brushed. “You’re early.” He noted, it was actually a compliment in a way. “Yes, I hope that’s not too much trouble.” “It’s completely fine, come, sit down here.” The General leaned to his left and pulled out a chair for her. Reys eyes wandered the room as she approached. It was much like the dining room she had been in before, only now the table was made of clear glass with chairs to match. Directly behind the General was a massive white screen, most likely used for projections. Rey’s gaze fell to the redhead typing away diligently on his touchpad, he looked up at her. “Any issues finding the room?” he asked. “None, at least not with your directions.” “Good, and you brought your touchpad yes?” Rey nodded her head and rummaged for it, it was secured beneath the folds of her robe at her side. She set it on the glass in front of her. “Very good, I’ll send you your quiz. I’ve allotted you thirty minutes to take it, all you need to do it tap the answer you seem fit and confirm if it’s the answer you want. From there you’ll move onto the next one. The program is cheat proof, you won’t be able to exit the program until you are either done with the quiz or your time is up.” “Ok.” “After that we’ll discuss how the rest of the course should go, then I will start lecture. You’ll be out of here by ten.” Rey nodded, her touchpad rang to signify her message from General Hux. She opened the message to find an icon reading “BEGIN QUIZ”. She tapped it with her finger, the first question popped up with six possible answers below it. In the upper left hand corner was a count down. The first question she answered with ease and moved onto the next, a bubble at the bottom of the screen popped up reading “1 of 40”. The General was dealing with other matters, sending reports to his colleagues and workers. Occasionally he’d glance up to see Rey furrowing her brows in thought. She’d absentmindedly bit her lip as she read. He was surprised she finished with five minutes to spare, but that wasn’t really an indication of how well she did. Some finish early because they just guess their answers entirely and hope for the best. “I need to use the restroom.” Rey piped. “It’s right over there.” General Hux pointed out a white door about ten feet to his left, if you weren’t looking for it, it would be unnoticeable. Rey stood up from her seat and walked behind the General “When you get back you’ll know your score.” While Rey relieved herself in the restroom the General got the calculation of her score. She only missed four. She got 90%. Very telling, hopefully she’ll keep up on it. After replying to a handful of messages Hux realized how much time had passed. It had been at least fifteen minutes since she’d gone in there. A few more went by and he began to worry. He got up from his seat to make his way over to the door, just then did it open. Rey’s face was as white as a sheet, her eyes were wide. “Rey, are you alright?” Hux was quick to ask. “I-I think somethings wrong.” Her voice was muddled. “Are you ill?” “I’m bleeding.” “BLEEDING? Bleeding where?” Her face flushed to an even paler one. Hux made it to her with one stride taking her face in his hands. “Rey, where are you bleeding? Does it hurt?” he was sincerely concerned. “This morning…I didn’t think anything of it.” “Of what?” “I thought it was a stomach ache, but then it felt like someone was poking me with something sharp, it felt like a nuisance. But I just went to the bathroom and there’s blood in my underwear!” The Generals expression of concern changed entirely, he tried to hide the weight of absolute sadness for her. “Do you know what a period is Rey?” he asked her seriously. It dawned on her what he was talking about, in her moment of panic she never considered that it would happen to her. All those years of being malnourished, dehydrated on days end, she never have one…never having that motherly figure as a girl. She was all alone, no one to teach her about her body, learning what little she did know through the vulgarity of other scavengers. “I’ve never had one…” she admitted. “Never?” “Never.” “I see…well, we’re going to pause our session momentarily. You’re going to go back to your room and change, I’ll send for a nurse to help you with the rest.” “Will you come with me?” Rey sheepishly asked. “Very well, gather your touchpad, we’ll finish out the session in your quarters.” Rey nodded and walked to the table to get her things together. General Hux gathered his own and they left the conference room side by side. An embarrassed Rey kept to herself when he spoke into his comm-link asking for assistance, specifically for a nurse to come by and bring things like tampons and pads for Rey to use. Rey was overwhelmed at the fact that a man knew that much more about her own body than herself. “I’m I’ve made you uncomfortable.” She apologized, they were nearly to her room. “It’s a natural thing for a woman to have, nothing to be embarrassed over.” He assured her. Her innocence was endearing, he couldn’t deny that, and finding himself unable to at least lie to himself intimidated him. Innocence is intimidating? An interesting concept to swallow. A nurse in a white hat was waiting patiently in white garb at Rey’s door, a small bag dangled in her hands. “Hello.” Rey was first to great her, probably because she knew this nurse would help her a great deal. The three of them traveled inside Rey’s personal quarters, the nurse took Rey directly to the bathroom shutting the door behind them. Hux sat on Rey’s couch and removed his own touchpad from his person to type out a message, his agreement with Ren still stands. This bit of information was something he should likely share concerning Rey. “Rey came to me unknowing of what her period is, she claims this is her first. This concerns me, a woman her age should know full well how her body functions. There is also the matter of her never getting it until now, certainly it was the lack of proper nutrition on Jakku. She needs a physical over her health with our doctors. We’ll need to consider a nutritionist as well.” Not even a full minute had passed, Ren replied in an instant. “This will need to be done tomorrow. Clear your schedule, I’ll clear my own.” “Agreed.” The General didn’t have to wait much longer for the nurse and Rey to be done. Rey’s complexion improved, she was no longer white as a bed sheet. The General and Rey both thanked the nurse and sent her on her way. Rey joined Hux on the couch sitting the opposite end of him. “You’ve passed your quiz with a 90%, I’ll keep you to that standard throw-out the session, I don’t any slipping, only improvement.” “I will do my best at that.” Rey smiled, she was happy with her score, she wasn’t quite sure about some of the questions. Her mood picked up entirely with the help of both Hux and the nurse. The bloating pain was nearly gone with the help of simple pain killers. How she wished she had them on Jakku, there were literally hundreds of incidents she could have taken a little pill to relieve the discomfort of migraines and aches. Hux explained how the course would progress, read assigned chapters over the days they didn’t meet for session. Lengthy lectures on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. He wanted to limit things like homework, Rey’s stress levels were already high. His lectures would be grueling enough three days a week for four hours each of those three days. More quizzes like the one she took already, like he said those will come as a surprise to keep her on her toes. As for formal tests, Hux explained they would all be handwritten in essay format. As for the lecture itself, Rey did her best to keep from nodding off as he projected the material in a hologram above the coffee table. The timing of the session was the best the General could muster unfortunately, he noticed Rey’s gaze look beyond him a handful of times dozing off in spurts. She was diligent though typing away notes in her touchpad. The pain medicine had a slight drowsing affect too, that didn’t help anybody. General Hux took notice of the time, about five minutes until ten. He cleared his throat. “We’ll end here for tonight.” He told Rey. They were behind given Rey’s incident, it wasn’t anything they couldn’t make up tomorrow. Rey was also worn down and he figured adding time wouldn’t benefit her in the slightest. “Is there anything you’d like me to study? Read?” she asked with a slight smile, she was eager to learn, the General admired it. “No, I’d like for you to sleep. That’s all I ask of you, at least for tonight.” She nodded reaching for his touchpad and handing it over to him where he stood in front of the projected material. “Thank you.” He piqued. She wanted to thank him for being so reasonable about her personal situation. She figured it would be something to thank him for later, she could tell he was tired and most likely wanted to go to bed himself. The General switched off the hologram and tucked away his touchpad beneath an arm. He folded his hands in front of himself. “Same time tomorrow in the same conference room, I’d like for you to bring your books.” He lightly ordered. “I will bring them.” In a slight nod General Hux started making his way out of her room. “Goodnight General.” She called. He stopped and turned in his tracks. “Goodnight.” Like that he was out the door. Rey pursed her lips wishing she had told him thank you, she felt rude now. She sighed and picked up her touchpad, it wouldn’t unlock at her touch. She tried and tried. He must have hers, and she has his. Rey got up from the couch and sprinted to her door, she let herself out and sprinted down the hall to catch up. He couldn’t have gone that far already. “You’re quick.” Rey muttered to herself in a pant, she found his room, it was the only place he could be right? She dialed the touchpad next to his door to call him, moment later the door opened revealing the red head in a bit more relaxed attire. Perhaps too relaxed…all he wore were silk black pajama bottoms. His shoulders stood tight with an array of freckles covering his chest. For a split second she compared him to Ren, the General was much slenderer with less muscle while Ren was defined. Not to mention the obvious, the General had both his arms. Rey would have to get a better look at Ren to compare further, that night she was hardly looking over his body in her night terror frenzy. Rey wondered how he managed to get undressed so quickly. “Rey?” “I think I’ve got your touchpad.” She held the device up “Must have accidentally switched them.” “Lets see, wait right here.” He left her to stand in his doorway, she peeked in his room to see Millicent strolling across the way. The fat cat zeroed in on Rey standing ways away, she lazily walked across the tiles towards her. “Hello.” Rey cooed at the feline approaching. She knelt down to pet her, Millicent purred rubbing her face against Rey’s knees. Soon the cat decided to just full of crawl in Rey’s lap. Hux came into view, Rey stood shuffling Millicent from her lap. “You’re right, I do have yours.” The General admitted. They promptly switched touchpads, Millicent weaved between their ankles meowing loudly for attention. “Before I go, I want to thank you.” Rey added. “Thank me? What for?” “After my quiz…thank you.” “You’re welcome, are we feeling better?” “Much.” Millicent’s whining interrupted their conversation completely. “She must be angry, we’re not discussing her.” Rey joked. “Ah yes, starved for attention.” So he can joke too? Rey wondered if Ren could joke. “Goodnight General.” Rey dissolved herself. “Goodnight.” Hux replied. Millicent weaved back inside behind him, the door closed between them. Rey yawned and trotted away back to her quarters. She rounded a corner to see a figure walking the halls towards her, she recognized him immediately. Vander Ren, and she’d have to walk right by him to get to her room too. “What are you doing walking about late in the night?” Vander Ren pressed with a coy smile on his face. Although his question wasn’t all that confrontational, something at the back of Rey’s mind told her to diffuse the conversation as quickly as possible. He was obviously linked to Nayva Ren in a way, someone she wanted to avoid. “Studying.” Rey replied. “Studying?” “First Order ethics and law.” She told him. Vander Ren only looked her over, there was something predatory in his eyes. “I need to go.” She attempted to step past him, he halted her shoulder preventing her from doing so. “I can help with that, I was top of my class.” “Please let me go by.” She simply asked and stepped to the side to get around him. He put his hands on her shoulders again, this time Rey couldn’t contain the quick bout of rage that struck her. She shoved him away with her arm, only she didn’t touch him, he flew against the adjacent wall by FORCE. Vander let out a startled growl. Normally she’d be one to give an apology but she found herself not caring to give one. Rey quickly scampered down the hall looking behind herself, Vander since pulled away from the wall as she rounded the corner. Her room wasn’t too much farther, she welcomed the relief of her own space when the door shut behind her. She sunk to the floor with her back against the door, she covered her face to keep the stinging pain away from her eyes. It grew too much, the corners puddled against her. Tears dripped against her palms, at first they were light but they became heavier. Taking in deeper gulps of breathes was her prevention from breaking into a full on sob. Was this a mistake coming here? *BUZZ* Rey nearly jumped from her skin at the sound. Someone’s at her door. If it’s Vander Ren… Rey stood to collect herself, she pressed her palm against the touchpad to get a glimpse at the person standing on the other side, it was Kylo wearing his mask and cloak. Rey sniffled her tears and wiped her cheeks with her hands, she dried them on her pants. In a deep breath she opened the door for him. “Ren.” She nodded his way. Without a word he allowed himself through the door, Rey stepped to the side “Is there something you wanted to discuss?” Rey asked. “Yes, tomorrow you’ll be seeing a string of doctors.” “General Hux told you.” “We think you’ll benefit. We only want you to be in your best health.” “I understand.” She sniffled slightly. “You’ve been crying.” Ren pointed out. Rey was about to deny it, Ren lifted a hand and cupped her cheek without warning. Rey stilled hearing nothing but her heart pumping in her ears. She wondered what the touch would feel like if he wasn’t wearing gloves, the thought of what expression he might be hiding under his mask surfaced in her head too. She shoved the thought away the moment it sprang in her mind. “It’s nothing.” Rey turned her face from his grasp. “If anyone’s upset you I’d like for you to tell me.” “I upset myself.” She admitted. A long moment of silence paused over them until Rey sniffled again to speak up. “Your arm…can you feel?” she asked. “Feel?” “Do you feel this?” she reached and squeezed his forearm, the metal didn’t give way under her touch, there was nothing soft about it, only the fabric of his clothes. “No.” Chapter 10 : Prescribe Summary: This is being posted oh so late because I've been to the hospital twice recently AND had emergency surgery. I'm on the mend now. Enjoy my lovelies. Rey opened her door to find both Kylo Ren and General Hux standing in the hall before her. It was early in the morning, though not as early as the sessions Rey would generally have with Ren. Still, early enough for her to feel the weight of the day before. “Good morning.” Rey nodded their way. Both the General and Ren nodded at her in unison, Ren advised her to follow him. She stepped out of the room as Ren began walking, the General motioned for her to follow first. Kylo Ren led the way through the corridors of the Finalizer with Rey in the middle and General Hux taking up the end. The growl of Rey’s stomach mixed with the hollow footsteps of the halls. “Will we have time to eat?” Rey asked, she felt childish for asking such a thing. It seems the scavenger in her was still looking for confirmation that she’d be fed that day. “Not until the visits with the doctors conclude. It suits your test results better on an empty stomach.” General Hux said in reply behind her. “Tests?” “Blood tests…things of that sort.” Another figure came sulking down the hall that put Rey on edge and distracting her from the conversation she was engaged in with the General. Vander Ren was making steep headway dressed in his finest black battle garb. He had his helmet tucked at his side and upon noticing Rey he swiftly placed it over his head. Most likely to conceal an unwarranted facial expression in front of Kylo Ren. Rey’s blood boiled, though she didn’t know why. It could be said that Vander Ren was only trying to help her last night, although he should have let her pass when asked. When he finally passed in their walk she looked to the front of herself. Ren’s frame was slightly more rigid, enough for her to see the difference. He clenched his fists tightly at his sides. She could sense the anger stirring in him. Not a moment later they arrived at their destination, a special medical facility specifically for doctors in practice. It was different from the many medical bays on the ship where one would be taken if seriously injured or even given something as miniscule as quick stitches. The arch leading into the room was massive with a painted white frame. Frosted doors concealed the entrance where in turn they slid open on their own as they approached. The room was wall to wall covered in stainless steel, the chairs, and even the large circular counter before them. A woman in a white tunic sat idly sifting through holographic screens behind her counter, she glanced up to greet the new arrivals. She was taken by surprise at the sight at the Knight approaching her way. “Commander.” She greeted him as best she could, Rey could hear the slight trepidation in her voice. “Tell doctor Hillage his patient is here.” Ren lightly ordered. “Yes sir.” The woman rose from her seat. She briskly stepped from the counter to a near back room behind a frosted glass door. Rey could see the silhouette of the woman and another conversing just on the other side of the glass, she looked to her left catching a glimpse of the Generals red hair. “Are you both staying?” Rey asked while looking ahead. The door behind the counter opened before another word was said. A pudgy woman emerged dressed in a white coat, her hair the same tint as the Generals. Her face was spattered with an uncountable amount of freckles. “Commander.” She looked to Ren “General.” She addressed Hux next. “Doctor.” The General was the only one to reply. “Everything is set up for patient Rey, if you’d please all follow me.” The trio followed the woman through a separate door to the left. Another hallway at no surprise, open doorways lined the walls. Rey glanced in a few as they walked, some rooms had examination tables while others were used for medical storage. Heavy lights hung down from most of the ceilings over the tables. The lights seemed like they would be blinding of turned on. “I’ve got the biggest room set aside today, otherwise I would have to ask one of you to leave the room while she is being examined.” “Thank you for accommodating us Doctor Hillage.” The General added. At the end of the hall was indeed the biggest room they could muster. A white curtain from the floor to the ceiling concealed most of the room until Doctor Hillage pushed it away to reveal an examination table. It was padded with a black sort of mattress for comfort. A gown was folded neatly at the foot of it. Two mismatching chairs looked out of place directly to the left of the table, they sat against the wall and were clearly brought in for the purpose of both Ren and Hux to be seated. “While I’m out for a moment to gather my equipment I’d like for you to change into that gown there. You can leave your underwear on.” Doctor Hillage spoke directly to Rey for the first time, she was quiet as if not to embarrass her. Rey agreed with a nod, Dr. Hillage left the room briefly. Hux took his seat in one of the chairs while Ren lingered near the curtain and reached out to close it for Rey. Behind it Rey was able to comfortably strip down. Wandering eyes went to her bare feet beneath the curtain, Ren especially watched intently to see her clothes pool at her feet. Hux looked head on, occasionally stealing a glance. Rey peeked from behind the curtain with her clothes in hand. Ren had removed his helmet completely, it sat beneath where he sat. General Hux happened to look in her direction that moment. “Changed then?” he raised. “I don’t know where to put my clothes.” Rey came out. Her gown barely covered her knees. Ren rose from his seat, being the closest he took her clothes from her grasp. She took note at his hand that briefly brushed over hers, so much larger than her own. He practically cupped half her face last night with that hand. He returned to his seat in time for Dr. Hillage to come back into the room with a chrome cart covered with a gauze sheet. “If you could have a seat up on that examination table Rey.” Dr. Hillage told her sweetly. Rey hopped up on the table letting her feet dangle at the end. Dr. Hillage removed a small device from her pocket and asked Rey to hold out a finger. She placed it when Rey did so, the device clamped down lightly. “What is it?” Rey asked. “It measures a lot of different components in your body, body fat, muscle mass, blood pressure and heart rate. Unfortunately not all the tests we’ll be running today will be this painless.” Ren could feel Rey’s relaxed state contract a little through the Force. Being told that you’d be in intentional pain would put anyone off. “You have very low body fat…slender girl naturally? What’s your diet like?” Dr. Hillage asked. “I ate very little…on Jakku, when I did it was portioned bread or dried meats.” “No vegetables? Fruit?” “Those things were hard to come by, occasionally I’d be able to eat them, but it was rare.” “I see.” She minded Rey’s tellings. “Do you feel any fatigue? Headaches? Loss of breath?” “Sometimes.” “It says here you started your first period yesterday.” “Yes.” “And how is that going over? Are you bleeding a lot? Cramping?” the doctor pressed. “I have cramping but I just took a pill before coming here to alleviate it. I don’t think I’m bleeding too heavily.” “Good to hear. They aren’t fun but it’s something all us ladies have to deal with.” The doctor winked at Rey with a smile. Dr. Hillage had Rey scoot back and lay down on the table. It was time for a blood test to be administered. To which the doctor warned Rey it might be painful. The doctor wrapped a bad tightly around Rey’s left upper arm. Rey watched her prepare to draw blood, a long needle at attached to a plastic tube and capsule to capture the blood at the end. Rey tensed when the bend of her arm was being cleaned for the needle. “Some say if you look away it will hurt less.” The doctor offered her piece of advice. Rey took it and turned her head in the opposite direction. She focused on the two men seated in the room but mainly their shoes. The lines of the Generals face faltered at seeing Rey’s own face contort in slight pain. Ren clenched his fist. He could feel Rey projecting the pain in her arm, he felt it as she did…something he’s never experienced before. “We’re done now.” Dr. Hillage rubbed Rey’s thigh. The doctor made sure to wrap Rey’s arm with gauze and a cotton ball. Next the doctor reached in a cabinet attached to her cart, it was a plastic cup and lid. “Now if one of you would help her to the restroom.” She looked to the two men sitting nearby. They both looked at one another. “General.” Ren spouted. General Hux simply nodded and stood. Dr. Hillage turned to Rey to tell her all she needed to do is pee in the cup and seal it. A small metal cubby was in the bathroom would be the place to leave it instead of carrying it back to the room. And of course wash her hands after. The General waited for Rey to stand and walk past him, he debated whether to set his hand over the small of her back or not. He refrained, especially with Ren watching. One the two left the examination room… “May I have a quick word doctor?” Ren asked. The restroom wasn’t too far off from the room. Hux waited patiently just outside the door for Rey to finish her business. He could hear the water running as she washed her hands just beyond the door. When it opened she looked a bit pale. “Are you alright?” The General questioned. Rey nodded and stepped forward, only she didn’t really walk, she swayed against the General. He caught her against his chest, his arms wrapped around out of instant reaction. Rey gripped his shoulders and pushed herself away to look at him. “Sorry, a bit dizzy.” She apologized quietly. “Quite alright.” Hux assured her softly. On their way back he had no choice but to guide her with his hand against her back. Her dizziness had to come from the blood loss. The General released her upon entering the room where Ren and Dr. Hillage waited. Rey climbed back on her table. “It will be few minutes to text what we collected. You can redress now and wait in here, won’t be too long.” Dr. Hillage spoke to Rey. As the doctor left Ren rose from his seat and set Rey’s clothes in her lap. She changed behind the curtain once again and like the doctor said the wait was short in her test results. “Athough the urine is clean. Based on her red blood cell count I’m fairly certain she has anemia.” “Anemia?” Rey’s voice filled with concern. “You’re red blood cell count is low, it often leaves people feeling fatigued, they have headaches, dizziness...the most common reason why people have it is lack of iron in their diet. You’ve suffered a great deal when it came to nutrition from what you’ve told me. When you started your cycle it likely made it flare. Nothing but an improvement of your diet can’t fix, although I will most likely give you multiple vitamins you’ll need to take to help along the way.” Rey was relieved at the news, she’d be happy to stuff her face to improve this illness. “Whom are the other physicians she’ll be seeing today?” Dr. Hillage asked. “Pernia and Koz.” Ren answered. “I’ll forward my notes accordingly, it will save you a lot of time.” “Thank you doctor.” Rey replied. “You’re very welcome, do you have any questions of me?” “Well...I’m not sure you’re the proper doctor to answer…” “Maybe, if not I’ll make a recommendation for another to help.” “Sometimes I get an aching feeling in my back furthest teeth. It hardly bothers me when I eat soft foods, but it’s difficult for me to chew if the food is harder.” “That definitely sounds like something a dentist can take care of.” Dr. Hillage directed at the men. It made sense, they need to cover all the bases with Rey’s health. It’s just a matter of finding the time. If not today, tomorrow a trip the dentist can easily be rendered. Both Ren and the General had the power to essentially re-arrange everyone else's appointments in favor of their own agenda. At the next appointment with another doctor The General reformulated his lesson plan for Rey’s session for later that night. Initially he was going to have a session about authorities but pushed it for the next session. Rey’s new session would involve physical and mental health. Rey wasn’t remotely stupid, just uninformed, but there are a few things she should probably know about her body. She asked all the doctors possibly the most innocent of questions, it only solidified that the General would go along with his new plan. It could only benefit her. It was a long morning for Rey. She was mostly looking forward to finally having a bit of lunch by herself in her room. She wasn’t used to all the attention, much less being the center of attention at all. After living alone for so many years it isn’t really a surprise to anyone. Rey drew herself a bath. It soothed her bloating feeling nagging at her abdomen as she sunk in the water. Her gaze fell on the multiple pill bottles on the counter across the way. All the vitamins and a bit of medication she was prescribed. Hopefully they’ll work their magic within the next few weeks. The rest of her day was spent relaxing with the book General Hux had given her. She read ahead of what he assigned, she can re-read again later to solidify it better in her mind. There was also the threat of a surprise quiz being thrown her way. She be more than ready for each session, or so she thought. Expecting a lecture about politics or something of the like she was thrown into a session filled with basics about health. Part of her admired the General for grooming his sessions with her current life. The fact that he considered her in that way made her feel grateful. In her time with the Resistance she learned a lot of handy skills, different fighting styles or small tidbits about the functions of the Resistance itself. Not so much a government, but a movement. It was short-lived after her rejection of Luke and her parents… She found herself missing her friends, Finn in particular. He’d be most upset if he found out where she was. “Rey?” General Hux’s voice shifted in her mind. She snapped her gaze up from where she stared blankly at the white table. “I’m sorry?” she mused. “Have you read your chapters?” he asked of her. “Yes.” “Do you mind if I give you another quiz?” “I don’t mind.” Rey said with confidence. All the General wanted to do was see if she was on the same page as him. That she was still studying even though the session was completely different than what even he expected. Rey scored a solid 97 on her quiz. Two A’s in a row. She’s diligent. That night, after parting from General Hux’s session Rey wanted to go about the halls in exploration of the Finalizer. The titles of all the rooms and halls are what caught her eyes and immediately wandered to the ones that sounded like they’d be the most interesting and fun. She found multiple exercise rooms to which all were empty being later in the night. There was a mess hall filled with a handful of people having a later night dinner. The smell nauseated her, she hardly stayed around much less walked into the room, only a peek. The next room on her gps was labeled Smoking Room. There were multiple things that room could be she thought. She’ll have a look see. It was a room sealed behind a heavy metal door. The moment it opened Rey could smell the stale air of all the smoke of cigars and cigarettes throughout the day, even the week. It was entirely empty of anyone. Some chairs were scattered around. The view in the windows is what made her go ahead farther into the room. A colorful pink planet was in the distance, some fragments of burning comets gliding close in range. Completely harmless to a ship as large as the Finalizer, it could destroy something as small as a tie fighter. Never having seen a comet shower so close, Rey was looking longingly until her calves started to give way under her standing weight. Rey switched from breathing through her mouth rather than her nose to drive the smell away. After a few more minutes she dragged a nearby chair closer to the view to sit. The sound of the door opening came from behind, rather than turning to see Rey continued to look out on the horizon. “I never took you as the smoking type.” A womanly voice teased from behind. Rey turned in her seat to see Nayva Ren with a cigarette between her fingers. She was dressed in black robes much like Rey’s, her hair was perfectly combed in its blond bob. She raised the cigarette to her mouth and lit it with a lighter from her pocket, Rey watched her take a long drag and puff out an oval shape from her lips. “I don’t smoke.” Rey told her. “Of course you don’t.” Rey didn’t know exactly how to react to such a comment. It definitely probably wasn’t a compliment from her experience with Nayva previously. “You don’t like me.” Rey said. “What’s to like about you?” Nayva countered. “Goodnight.” Rey simply replied before getting up from her chair, she attempted to walk around the knight when her arm was harshly yanked back. With Nayva so violently gripping her wrist and projecting her rage, Rey got a small glimpse into her mind. Rey turned and yanked her arm from the knight. “You want me to stay away from Kylo Ren.” Rey stated. “You little bitch! Stay out of my head!” Nayva seethed gripping Rey’s throat with both hands. The cigarette fell from her mouth and to the floor. Rey was quick in kneeing the woman in the gut. Nayva gasped out and released Rey falling hard on her knees to catch her breath. Nayva swiped a hard arm against the back of Rey’s legs to make her fall flat on her back. Rey had the wind knocked out of her lungs and gasped for air as Nayva straddled her waist. The knight managed to throw in a heavy punch against the side on Rey’s face. Rey bucked and kicked the back of Nayva’s head with her dominant foot. Nayva growled in complete rage, she went in for another punch but narrowly missed by being completely pulled from Rey. She was sprawled out against the ceiling above. Rey rolled and let the woman drop the ten or so feet. Well…more like Rey forced her to the ground so fast the knight wouldn’t have time to catch herself on her feet. All the knight could muster was putting out her hands in front of her. A loud crack ripped in the room. Nava writhed on the floor gripping her own wrist. And like a lifeless doll she was pulled from her writhing to be captured by another figure in the room. Rey titled her head up from the floor to see masked Kylo Ren gripping Nayvas tiny neck. Being shorter than Kylo Ren himself, she dangled from his grip. General Hux stood at his side with contempt written across his face. “You’ve indirectly disobeyed me.” Ren raised against Nayva. General Hux came to Rey’s side where she was already helping herself up. A bit of blood came from her nose, Rey tried to wipe it away. The General grabbed for her chin looking over her face, his thumb brushed against her nose. Rey didn’t flinch. “It isn’t broken.” Hux informed. “Lucky you, imagine what would happen if you had.” Kylo Ren spoke directly to Nayva, he let her drop to her knees. She gasped at his feet. Nayva mumbled something inaudible. Ren used his foot and lifted her chin. “Report to the Knights room IMMEDIATELY.” Ren ordered. Nayva scrambled to her feet and scampered out of the room. Without another word or so much as looking in Rey or Hux’s direction he left the room in two long strides. Rey’s eyes watered from her punch to the face “How did you two find me?” she was curious, probably Ren who felt the struggle. “I was on my way to have a smoke and Ren happened to be heading the same direction.” “You smoke?” Rey raised a brow. Chapter 11 : Tooth & Nail Summary: “Anything worth having is worth fighting for.” ― Susan Elizabeth Phillips Rey sat idly in her hot drawn bath water. She found that the hot water supply was endless and took to a shower to clean herself first and sat in a bath afterwards. She sunk low in the tub letting the upper part of her face to be the only thing exposed to breathe. The wandering thoughts of what might have happened with Nayva if Ren and the General hadn’t showed up pressed at her. Rey was winning in the fight, but what would have stopped her from going further? Her control felt like it had escaped her with the rage she felt. The angrier she got, the less control she WANTED to have. Now she was just making excuses she thought. It was self-defense at the end of it. It’s all she could say to herself to justify it. She couldn’t imagine what Ren would do with Nayva now. He said she directly disobeyed him, he obviously warned the night to stay away from her. She wondered if Ren told Vander Ren the same thing. One could only hope, dealing with him would be a nuisance. The way he stared at her even in passing made her want to gut the man. There was something sinister in him. TIt can be argued the First Order in sinister in itself, but Vander Ren...he just seemed too wrong. Rey had only met the two knights, perhaps the others just follow orders well? If Ren had told them to stay away from her they were doing a bang up job at it. Or they just don’t care. She wanted to ask Ren herself why. Why can’t she interact with the knights? It would be something to bring up the next time she sees him, it was her right to know. Maybe the General knows. The General. Rey liked him, nothing but soft spoken and polite towards her so far, no reason to hate him. His ginger hair was interesting too, she didn’t see much of that on Jakku. A handsome face like his would be hard to come by on Jakku as well. It was the same with Ren. He was handsome despite that scar Rey left for him. His pale skin wouldn’t be found in any village on Jakku either. He was so adamant in hiding himself, he’d sooner suffer heat stroke in that dark outfit before he’d let anyone see him. With the warmth Rey started to drift off only to snort and choke on the water. She dipped her head down too far and shot up to cough the burning sensation away in her nose. Her bath ended there shortly after. She left the tub to drain while she dabbed her soaking hair in the mirror with a towel, a robe covered her body. Her hairbrush waited for her on the bed, she liked to sit and brush it right before going to sleep. She brushed away the wet tangles and slicked the strands behind her ears. After folding the towel and laying it over her pillow she finally settled her head down. It took her a few minutes to realize she was still wearing the robe beneath the covers. She decided she didn’t care enough to change. It was the point of no return tiredness. The long day was finally over. “Hello?” the small voice came from the wooded scene in her room. Rey sat up with her covers against her chest. The scene in her window had darkened with the time of day or rather night. She could only make out the dark trunks of the trees, a lighter black filled the spaces between the mimic like shrubs and pine. “Hello?” it called again. A soft breeze filtered through, the scent was too fresh for it to come from a vent in the room. “Hello?” Rey whispered. She felt if she said it any louder it would be rather embarrassing. “Come here.” It pressed innocently. Either out of sheer curiosity or the unrelenting urge to investigate, Rey withdrew her covers and set her feet on the floor. She drew in the scent from the trees. It smelled like the woods on Starkiller, at the time she didn’t care to notice but it was recognizable now. “Are you coming?” the small voice impatiently asked. “I am.” Rey answered aloud and stood, she approached the scene in the window. Her eyes narrowed on a figure in the distance. It was small, clearly a child she assumed with the voice. Was it little Ren? Rey hesitated in front of the window, she wasn’t really sure if she’d be able to physically go through. It’s an illusion, a decoration to brighten the room. “Come outside.” That was the push Rey needed to reach a foot out. Her toes scrunched in what felt like cool dirt, it was an odd feeling. The usual hot sands of Jakku would scald anyone’s feet so the feeling was instantly soothing. Air swept around her legs when she set towards the short figure ahead, as she walked a path formed along the way. Fallen branches and rocks cleared away before her feet could make impact or even think about skipping over them. Rey’s eyes adjusted to the darkness, she could now see the textures of bark on the trees she so narrowly walked by. Dark green tints from the ferns and bushes began to stand out. Big brown pools for eyes widened with Reys. She had met the boy she knew was Ren the rest of the way where he waited. He looked just as she last remembered him, a moppy mess of black locks with strange brown eyes speaking over it all. He reached out a hand to her. “Will you walk with me?” his voice innocent. Rey nodded at took his outstretched hand in hers. Nothing was said. They only walked, though Rey’s head was filled to the brim with questions for the child. He hummed loudly to himself, some tune she wasn’t familiar with. So she decided to ask. “Where did you learn that?” “My mom.” He replied brightly. Rey was no fool. She knows very well who his mother is. And she could picture her humming the tune too. Her bouts of sassy bitterness fleshed out with a simple melody seemed like it would more than fit her. From the little time she spent with Leia, Rey could pinpoint the bits of her son she interacted with. Her way or no way, that was definitely Ren’s mentality too. “Do you miss her?” Rey asked. “Only when I think about her.” He swung his arm with hers. “How-“ Rey’s sentence was cut short by a guttural sound ways away. It was startling and sharp like a tree falling. They both froze in their tracks. Crackling filled the empty breeze with a sudden whip of red light coming from behind them, a blade came slicing down and a large three fell at their heels. They narrowly evaded the falling trunk and turned on their heels to meet the mask of Kylo Ren. “HIDE! COME WITH ME!” the child shouted. She didn’t have any other option but to follow, he was already dragging her away. Kylo Ren was gaining on their tail, his lightsaber cracking behind them. It was hard for her to continue, the boy was running from himself, but she found herself wanting to run with him. Surprisingly his little legs trudged ahead with Rey in tow at ease. An inaudible curse was thrown at them from behind, it made Rey pick up her pace. She was beginning to fall behind as her grip continued to slip from the little hand that held hers. When she glanced back she saw nothing following, but she could hear the anger blaring off the trees. “Keep up!” a stern voice urged her, Rey snapped her line of vision ahead to see the hand of a man pulling her. Upon instinct she retracted away taking her arm with her. His dark waves were easily recognizable, but his usually sunken eyes were brighter. That flesh pink scar marking its way across his features. Shoulders straight rather than angled down and curling biceps open for all to see in a tank top like shirt. His robotic arm mirrored the muscle of the unharmed twin. Rey could see the sincere concern in his brows, not for himself, but for her. This wasn’t Ren. “Ben?” Rey narrowed her eyes at the man. He said nothing, only the screams of Kylo Ren came from a nearby boulder. With that Ben swept his arms beneath her, Rey became weightless as he lifted her and broke into a full on sprint. She could only stare up at him with her face cradled against his chest. All sounds dissolved around them. Trees flew by and branches thrown from the path. The fear of being chased was fading just as fast as he had picked her up. Ren looked at the sleeping woman in his arms. Her damp hair clung to her skin around her collar, the robe she wore was loose but Ren refrained from slipping a glance at the rounded cleavage beneath. She was blissfully unaware that she had once again wondered into his room in the dead of night and he was taking her back to her own bed. Luckily she didn’t rip the door from its hinges this go around. She was stealthy with her sleepwalking and managed to make it to the foot of his bed completely undetected. Granted he was deeply consumed in his nightmare Rey seemed to still be stuck in herself. If he hadn’t woken up sooner it was likely she’d end up in his bed intertwined in his sheets. Rey’s nose scrunched under his watch, lips twitched and cheeks softened. Ren tucked away the feeling of her kneading fingers in his chest, she had a good handful of his shirt in her fists. Her eyelids fluttered open, her bewildered gaze met his. “W-where?” she mumbled searching around, she realized the heaviness of her own head and set it against him once again. “You were having a nightmare.” Ren told her. He could feel her shaking her head in disagreement. Ren came upon the entrance to Rey’s room. He let himself inside and proceeded to walk her up the stage to her bed. She was still clinging to his shirt when he leaned down to set her against the mattress, having realized this Rey’s cheek turned a redder hue and let go. “It wasn’t a nightmare.” Rey spoke up. “Oh?” Ren raised a brow. “You saved me.” Ren had nothing to say to that. His brows furrowed at her. Rey could sense the discomfort in him, she wished she hadn’t said anything now. She pursed her lips hoping he’d speak up. “Goodnight.” His deep voice mulled over her room. Rey could feel absolutely nothing rolling off of him. There was no anger, no frustration or disappointment. She started to at least prefer that than nothing at all, she could determine what to say or not say, do or not do if he would. He intentionally cut the line tonight. “Goodnight.” Rey said in defeat, there was nothing she could say further. Rey turned over so she didn’t have to see him leave. The comfort she found was in the forest scene she had just explored. Right in the middle of eating her morning meal a buzz came to Rey’s door. She took a bite of the hash in her bowl and wiped her mouth, she got up from her comfy couch to answer the door. General Hux was there with his hands tucked away behind his back. He wore his hat and greatcoat, but his arms weren’t sealed in the sleeves. “General.” Rey greeted. “Good morning Rey, are you ready?” his voice was formal. “Ready? Ready for what?” “Your dental appointment. Did you not receive my message?” Rey bit her lip and back tracked all the messages she received recently. She could recollect any of them being about a dental appointment. She invited the General inside so she could look over her touchpad. She opened the chat conversation she held with him and found nothing about the appointment. “I didn’t get anything.” She admitted, she showed him herself. “Hmmm, well. Must be a glitch.” “When is the appointment?” “Twenty minutes.” “I can be ready in five minutes?” she suggested. “I will wait outside your room.” They parted so Rey could get ready as quickly she could muster. Brushing her teeth first of all and pulling her hair in a quick bun. Fortunately she wasn’t completely lazy and was already changed for the day. Hux was outside her room like he said, she walked side by side to him letting him lead. “Is Ren coming?” Rey was genuinely curious. “He’s rather busy at the moment, I’ll be there through it though.” “Do dentists…hurt?” “It depends on what they need to remedy. I can’t imagine they’ll be doing anything painful, they’ll just be cleaning your teeth today. The X-Rays might be uncomfortable.” The dentist was already ready for them when they arrived. It intimidated Rey but at least she didn’t have time to think about the things they were going to do because they already started doing them. The X-Rays were quickly done with little comfort. Rey was already irritated by the time it came for the cleaning. General Hux picked a cheerful dentist for Rey. He tried to pick a barrage of women make her that much more comfortable but unfortunately the best dentist to work on Reys teeth was Dr. Wilzlow. He was an old man that often made inappropriate jokes unintentionally towards many aboard the Finalizer. His intentions meant well but it was easily lost in translation for some. So Hux warned the old man to watch what he says around his new patient. “You have VERY nice teeth miss Rey.” The old man scraped at a molar. Hux looked up from his touch pad in the corner of the room. Rey’s foot swayed from side to side, she was gripping her fingers at her stomach in clear discomfort. Her mouth was beginning to tire with it being clamped open for so long. Dr. Wilzlow started the process of cleaning, he dabbed the bit of dental paste in a cup attached to a metal tray that hovered nearby. Rey looked up at the searing light above her head, the Dr noticed her stare and slipped protective glasses over her eyes. “Her wisdom teeth will have to be pulled.” Dr. Wilzlow told the General. “When can that be done?” General Hux replied while responding to his many messages. “Friday I say.” “Friday won’t do.” Hux remembered Ren’s early morning sessions with Rey. He’d definitely protest her missing more than he can afford. It would be better for her to miss all of next week, rather than a portion of the rest of the current week AND next week. “Well then, you decide.” “Saturday afternoon.” “Saturday? You don’t pay me on Saturday.” “You’ll be paid.” Hux rolled his eyes. “Saturday it is!” Dr. Wilzlow cheerfully replied. The rest of the cleaning went without any interruption or problems. Rey was given a towel to wipe her mouth. She ran her tongue over her newly cleaned teeth, she loved the feeling. The doctor gave her a mirror to look over her smile. “It’s brighter!” she smiled at herself. “Well they weren’t bad to begin with so enjoy.” Dr. Wilzlow removed the paper bib from her neck and raised the back of her chair so she could sit up. Rey helped herself out of the seat, General Hux was at her side to guide her out of the room. He waited for Rey to do her rounds of thank you’s before leaving. “Wasn’t too bad was it?” the ginger walked with her. “No, but my wisdom teeth…” “I’ve had mine removed myself. We’ll make sure you won’t feel a thing. Healing is the harder part, only soft foods and liquids for a short while.” “Will you be there?” “Through the procedure? Or the healing process?” “Both.” Rey quipped. “I can be.” He assured her. All she needed was comfort right now, should he be ashamed in giving that to her? He couldn’t really make a judgement on that quite yet. Because if he did he’d really regret what he had planned for her before this question just now popped into his head. They were almost back to her quarters. “I’d like to show you something.” Hux lead her past the entrance of her room. Rey was confused but followed anyway. It wasn’t a very short distance to where or whatever he was planning on showing her. A door was a ways away between Ren’s room and the closest Mess Hall. The General set his hand over a pad to the doors side. An empty room was revealed on the other side. Hux urged her to step inside. It looked just like the room she found last night. All the big windows but excluding the smell of the cigarette and cigar smoke. “What is this?” Rey smiled. “Well, after last night I realized you were only seeking a view. You should be able to have a place of solace outside of your own room.” “It looks like the smoking room.” Rey minded out loud. “It was one once, since then the air has been filtered out. The First Order has instilled in getting rid of all of them. Rather than use it for storage I’d like you to have it.” Rey looked to the General with a growing smile. His eyes narrowed on her lips for a small moment before speaking again. “Only you, Ren, and I have access to it. No disturbances like yours with Nayva.” Rey’s reply took him by surprise, she had no words and embraced him. General Hux froze with his arms outward from his sides were Rey wrapped her frame around him. “You’re a kind man General.” Rey told him quietly. His jaw tightened as he lowered his arms around her. His hands found their place in her shoulder blades accidently slipping a hand beneath a fold and feel her soft skin beneath his fingers. An alert over his CommLink gave him reason enough to pull away. Rey pulled away so he could look over his new message, which he read on a small device wrapped around his wrist. “My quarters NOW.” the message read, he didn’t need to read into as to who it came from. He knew it was Ren. “It seems I have to part ways for now.” “Ok...I’ll see you again tonight? For session?” “Yes, we’ll still be having one.” Rey told him goodbye before he left the room to herself. She took to gazing out the windows of her newly gifted room. It was obvious Ren was unhappy, either through the General or something else entirely. Hux decided to deal with it quickly before he overstepped his boundary with Rey, it wasn’t the happiest escape from the situation but he was a bit thankful. He came upon Rens quarters not five minutes after the message. The General didn’t have to make his presence known, the door readily opened upon approaching. Ren stood at the edge of his bed, mask removed and sitting on the corner of the mattress. “What is it that you want Ren?” The General did his best not to sneer. “Careful, General, that your personal interests not interfere with orders from Leader Snoke.” Ren warned in a glowering teasing manner. It was word for word the General had spouted towards Ren so many months before. The General didn’t show any reaction whatsoever. “Have you taken care of Nayva Ren?” General Hux evaded the pissing match Ren wanted to start. “Suspended, but that isn’t what we’re here to discuss General.” “And what exactly is that Ren?” “You’ve shown far more affection towards Rey in the past week than you ever have with your fiance.” “Willa is not my fiance. And the affection Rey shows towards me is only reciprocated to diffuse her discomfort.” “You’d let her kiss you if it came to it.” “This is what I came for? To talk about your delusional envy?” Ren met the General in a swift stride and grabbing him at the hem of his collar to pull him forward. “It’s hardly envious. I’m protecting her.” Ren gritted through his teeth. “From what?” The General raised his brow. Rens face softened slightly, “Distractions.” he replied. “Are you sure she’s the one that’s distracted Ren?” General Hux challenged. Ren released the redhead. The General turned on his heel and left the room without another word. Ren had barely heard the door close and latch directly behind Hux just before ripping the hilt of his lightsaber from his hip. Without so much as a thought he ignited it under his grasp and screamed out his frustration. He raised it above his head looking for something to strike when something soft clouded his mind. He stopped, letting the room go quiet, nothing but the sound of his saber. A small voice danced danced in his mind. “Ben? Ben?” it called out in her voice, echoing off the walls. Something in him lead him to his door, he had since disbanded his weapon to his hip. His palm slapped hard against the frame of the entryway door. It slid open to the sight of Rey with her hands tucked in front of herself. He’d be lying if he denied her beauty, the way she looked at him with such innocence...and concern. “Ren...you called to me?” she spoke up. “I did not.” “Oh...well...must be me…” Ren thought for a moment. Did he absentmindedly call out to her with the Force? He grasped at her hand, she never so much as flinched. “Where did you learn that name?” he questioned her. “Name?” her face drained at her cheeks. “THAT NAME?” “Am I not to call you Ren?” she was a bit weary. “How do you know my name is Ben?!” he demanded lightly. He wasn’t about to step around the issue further, he’s been up late at night hearing her say it ever since that night she found herself in his room. Her face fell “I thought I was the only one to hear it.” she admitted. “Control it.” “I can’t!” “Then you will learn, projecting is dangerous.” At the moment Ren realized he need to take heed of his own word. If he had not projected in the first instance she wouldn’t be in his room discussing it now. “I don’t mean to be forward, but aren’t you projecting?” Rey injected. His dark eyes fell over her. Of course she wouldn’t just let him pass the blame on her, she wasn’t that type of person. She’s a strong woman and smart too. She could be in his head right now. “You’re right Rey, we need to address the issue. I’m not going to pretend I don’t have a hand in it because I am just as much to blame. I did not anticipate this type of thing to happen within such close proximity of one another, at least not so strongly.” Rey fell quiet. She had no response to give him, she couldn’t even think of what she could possibly say at all. “Did you learn that name from me?” Ren asked quietly. “When I first met you, when I saw your mind for the first time of Starkiller.” Rey admitted to it. “Try to keep from using it.” “Why?” Rey was defiant in her own way. He admired that from her but this subject was something he didn’t want her to meddle in. “Because I asked you to Rey.” Ren did his best to sound level. “But- “Don’t meddle where you’re not welcome.” Ren snipped at her. “Then don’t welcome me into your thoughts OR your dreams for that matter.” Their words stung one another. Rey was quick to leave while Ren returned to taking out his frustration with a lightsaber in hand. His entire bed space was completely levelled. Sheets seared, pillows destroyed. The walls marked to unrecognizable disrepair. Not a single piece of furniture was left intact and the room was illuminated by the orange glow of the melting contents within it. Ren sat alone on what was left of his mattress. “Fuck.” He cursed to himself. Chapter 12 : Sink The next day Rey was up bright and early at four again. Instead of Ren having to come escort her she was told to show up at the training arena herself. Ren was sulking around near the weapons rack putting a weapon away he was just using to train for himself. With the flip of his neck his hair moved from his sweating face, his clothing had less layers to make up for the building heat of working out. Rey turned up through the doorway, he paused in his tracks sensing Rey in the room with him. “Hello Rey.” He mused at her. “Hello.” She said in reply. She tried to ignore the fact that just yesterday they had fought and left it where it was without apology from either side. While it was not technically their first fight, this one left her in a sour state for most of the night. Ren dispelled most of the feeling by lashing out on his own quarters. He closed the space across the room between them. “What are we doing today?” Rey ground her tongue against the roof of her mouth. “Swimming.” “Swimming?” she quaked. Swimming. She never learned. Jakku doesn’t have bodies of water. Hell the most water she’s seen on the forsaken planet was a water well for animals. “There’s a locker room just over there, I’ve hung a suit for you.” Ren pointed beyond her, she turned to look in that general direction. It was an open doorway just on the other side of the stage. She turned back around to face him again. “When you’ve changed come back out here, you can leave your clothes in a locker.” He advised her. Rey didn’t object, only nodded and made her way to the locker room. The lockers were chrome plated on the left and its adjacent wall. A long bench was seated in the center of the room and showers to the right with white curtains. A black suit hung for Rey from a shower curtain rod in the middle selection of showers. She sighed and pulled it down walking into the shower and closing the curtain behind her. She pulled her pants from her hips and let all the clothing pool at her feet. Rey stepped into the suit to which she wasn’t entirely sure it was big enough, the stretchy material did just fine in concealing her frame. The straps snapped over her shoulders from her fingers. Kneeling down she balled up her clothes and walked from the curtain. Most of the lockers were empty, she had no trouble finding a space for her things. On her way out of the locker room she caught a glimpse of herself in a mirror hanging by the door, she stopped entirely. Her hair tied in two buns behind her head to keep from getting in her face. The suit made her feel even smaller with the way it stuck to her so tightly, she liked the feeling of her baggier robes. It was a simple suit, no embellishments of any kind, the back was cut rather low, a breeze against her entire back. It was comfortable though. How is she going to tell Ren she couldn’t swim? How embarrassing. Some part of her hoped he already knew through their bond. Eventually she had to come out of hiding and back into the arena. Ren had stripped down to black swimming trunks waiting for Rey with his arms at his sides. As she emerged his breathing tensed. Her legs looked so long in the suit, her hips and thighs for him to see. His eyes glossed over her upper half, the cool air in the room made her perk out. She had freckles over her shoulders and arms from her sunny days on Jakku. He wished he had given her a suit with some sort of padding now, this was the next thing to seeing her bare naked. He felt ashamed looking at her in such a way, he couldn’t shake it. His arm was the first noticeable thing for her whenever he went without a shirt. It was only her second time seeing him this way. He was wonderfully sculpted, his pale skin made the scars he wore stand out with their pink hues. “Follow me.” Ren dismembered their silence. Rey almost gasped when he turned his back to her. A scar from what must have been a nasty fight was strewn sideways between his shoulder blades. It was as long and wide as her forearm. She stared ahead at his broad shoulders while he walked ahead of her. A door was just near the weapons rack in the room, Ren typed away on its touchpad to open it. The moment it did they were instantly hit with a wall of humidity, chlorine wafted in their noses. In that moment Rey wanted to tell him about her inability to swim but nothing came out when he went on into the room. She reluctantly followed him. The flooring was stone and damp beneath her bare feet, when Ren moved from her line of vision a large pool of water beckoned her. It was massive in size and depth, fourteen feet was the deepest end. Thick red line were painted on the bottom for lanes and there were shelves with white towels at both ends against the wall, large cabinets sat next to those. The end they came closest to was the deeper end, Ren was nearly to its edge. He dove in without a thought. Rey stood at the edge now watching him ripple beneath. Ren came up from his dive with a short gasp, water dripped from his chin and ears while his wet jet black hair clung against the back of his neck. “Are you going to be joining me?” Ren pressed. Rey was silent. The rippling water was all she could seem to focus on. She didn’t even know how to begin to swim. Will I drown? So pathetic…embarrassing. Why. Why? Ren could hear her frantic thoughts. In moments of panic and stress it’s easy to lose control of your projections. “Can’t you swim Rey?” Ren wanted to confirm her thoughts. “I can’t.” she told him with her own words. “I’ll just have to teach you then.” “That’s burdensome.” Rey demurred. Ren swam to where she stood and crossed his forearms on the edge. “I brought you here, remember that.” He reminded her. Rey nodded at him and her features softened “Now go to the shallow end, I’ll meet you there.” Ren added. Rey didn’t hesitate, she felt comforted in his kind reminder. She walked along the side towards the other end. Ren darted beneath the water and swam his way there. It was three feet deep by the time he got there, Rey hovered near the steps in the right corner. Ren stood up from his swimming position and came towards the steps, he held out a hand to her where she had set it on the railing. Rey dipped her feet on the second step. The pool was warmed, she didn’t need to worry about feeling cold. A small squeal erupted from her in the next step when the water covered her thighs. Rey took Ren’s hand as she stepped off the final step. The water was at the center of her abdomen. “Can you paddle at least?” Ren asked. “I haven’t been in anything bigger than a bathtub.” “We should start with floating on your back.” He suggested. Rey gave him a worried look before leaning back, Ren set his hand between her shoulders to help her. His other arm slipped beneath her knees. Rey flailed her arms splashing water everywhere. “Relax.” Ren insisted. Rey sighed and did her best to relax, she closed her eyes. “You have to lift here if you want to stay afloat.” His hand came under her lower back, as much as he wanted to tell her to just lift her butt to save the energy he wanted to remain appropriate. “D-don’t let go!” Rey exclaimed. “I already have.” Rey opened her eyes. He was just two feet away with his arms at his sides again. “Is it possible to use the Force to help myself swim?” she asked with a furrow between her brows. “You need to learn this without the Force.” She bobbed on the surface and bent her knees to stand again. “I guess it can’t save me all the time.” Rey sighed. “Do you know how one drowns Rey?” Ren pressed. She shook her head to answer “They panic, flail around and swallow too much water. Now you won’t technically sink, but you won’t exactly float if you don’t try.” Rey listened intently to his advice. Next, he pulled her towards the center of the pool by her hands. The further he dragged her the tighter her grip laced with his fingers. “We’re going to tread water now. I’m going to hold your hands, just kick your feet and knees up and down.” “Ok.” Ren held her hands as she moved her legs beneath herself. When she had a safe pace Ren removed his hands. Rey did well keeping her head above water. Gradually he moved her back to the shallow end where he began to teach her how to use her feet and arms to swim. As she kicked and waved her arms, Ren held her hips to better support. “You can let me go.” Rey assured him. She didn’t need to ask him twice, he didn’t hesitate with her wish. Rey slowly made her way to the other end, doing quite well until she realized the depth she was in. The panic set quickly. The moment her head dipped beneath the water Ren was already halfway to her aid. He reached for the nearest wrist and pulled her up, in a frantic gasp she wrapped her arms around his neck. “Are you alright?” he asked. Rey coughed “Yes, yes. I’m fine.” Her throat was jittery. Ren couldn’t help but notice water droplets dripping from her lips, he returned his focus back on the general area of her face. Only then did he admire the freckles on her cheekbones too. “We should go back to the shallow end.” Was all he could say to save himself from thinking of anything inappropriate further. She agreed and started her way back. Ren was sure to follow alongside her. Swimming back to the safer area they both sensed a presence coming from behind the door leading into the room. The next instant it slid open and in walked the ginger General Hux in full uniform. He came walking around to the edge steps of the pool and set a gloved hand on the railing. “General.” Ren quipped. “Ren.” Hux addressed him “Rey.” He gave her a warmer voice. “Good morning.” Rey greeted. “Is there something pressing you that you couldn’t have messaged me General?” Ren ran his ahds through his wet hair. “Leader Snoke seeks conference with you and I.” For Hux to have come all the way down to interrupt Rey’s session Ren knew Supreme Leader Snoke didn’t want to be kept waiting. Without another word Ren ascended the steps, the General had to step back to keep from getting wet getting a full view of Ren’s chest. So close he could count all his moles in a single glance. Hux averted his sight on Rey, she stirred in the water with her knees crouched waiting to be told what she should do next. Ren was already at the closest shelf of towels, he pulled one down and wiped his face and took another to bring to Rey. “Here.” He held out the towel at the steps. Rey ascended the steps using the railing for leverage. The General stood off to the side and took notice of Rey’s long legs just as Ren did. He looked to the damp ground once Rey had a hold of the towel. She wrapped it around her chest and waist. “You should shower and dress, I’ll come back to your room. We can finish or session then.” Ren dabbed his chest with his own towel. “What are we going to do then?” Rey wanted to know. “Exercising is out of the question, I can teach you some other things with the Force.” Rey was excited to hear that. “Ok.” She smiled brightly. Both Ren and General Hux were coming closer to their usual conference room they used to speak with Snoke. Ren used his limited time to change into his traditional garb. His hair was brushed but damp. Their boots matched rhythmically as they walked. “Is this about Rey?” Ren was sure of it. “He didn’t specify.” Hux replied. Rey was their center of attention as of right now, it could be about nothing else he could imagine. Ren forged ahead to open the door to the conference room, the General wasn’t far behind. Supreme Leader Snoke was waiting for them when they entered. His form on the projection was much larger than the last. Even though he was not physically there the intimidation was heightened as he was at least ten times larger. They had to crane their necks upward to look up at him. His robes were blood red and with the way they pooled around his feet and beyond looked like he was standing in a pool of it. “I’m glad you could make it in such a short time Kylo Ren.” The horrific figured commented. It wasn’t a compliment. “I apologize Supreme Leader, as I was busy training Rey.” Ren courteously defended. “Yes…Rey…the scavenger. She’s been the topic of conversation within the Resistance.” “Sir?” General Hux wanted him to elaborate. “The Resistance is looking for Rey, they are starting to suspect she’s been kidnapped.” “That was a possibility we anticipated.” Ren intoned. “We can use it to our advantage.” Snoke added. Ren and the General looked to each other in a side view in their peripheral. “She can infiltrate the Resistance. By letting them rescue her, we can have the upper hand. Build our oppression from the inside. A simple false ransom can be sent to their base. It won’t be entirely too long after that until they come for her.” He went on. “If I may, she’s not ready for something like that. Rey has only been with us for a mere week and a half.” General Hux gave his view. “You speak as if I’m asinine General, I am aware of her time with us.” Snoke’s voice was shrill. General Hux was a tactful military man. The idea of this sudden rush went against everything he believed in. He felt it was plain asinine and suicide for Rey. Normally Ren would be speaking his piece, he chose to stay quiet. His face was flat lined and expressionless. “Bring her to me after she’s spent an entirety of a month under our ranks. I will decide if she’s fit.” “Yes Supreme Leader.” Ren and Hux replied in unison. “Now, Kylo Ren, you may take leave. The General and I have further things to discuss.” Ren bowed, in the Generals peripheral vision he could feel Ren give him a look of slight pity. And he HATED it. Hux bit his tongue as Ren stepped down and walked down the aisle of the room to leave. The door closed behind him ultimately leaving the General alone with Snoke. Hux knew what was going to come next. “Have you decided upon your engagement to the Duchess of Telhish? Her father is at his end. He wants an answer.” Snoke pried. “I have decided.” “And?” “I have decided against the engagement.” Hux replied with a bit of fervor. “Have you considered the opportunities the First Order can benefit from?” the menacing figure was abysmal towards the Generals answer. “While they are great, I’m not sacrificing what little of my personal life I have left to myself.” “Very well then.” The General couldn’t reply, the projection disappeared. He sighed aloud. Chapter 13 : Range Summary: Shortish,sorry. Late too, I've been super worried about late chapter posting but then I remembered we basically have a year and a half until the next movie. I'll try not to let it get out of hand though, sorry lol Rey waited for Ren to come for her as he said he would. She was excited to learn what he knew. But soon that feeling became fleeting. Waiting for a handful of hours she started to get the impression that she was forgotten about. By three p.m. in the afternoon she knew she wasn’t going to be finishing her session with him. Was he still angry with her? He was so kind to her in the pool, he acted as if the day before never occurred. Her stomach grumbled having not eaten a single thing all day, she found herself preferring the feeling of hunger again to this new brunt of emotion. She couldn’t place it, was this a new form of loneliness? It was like loneliness but…different that the type she felt on Jakku. Back there, Rey had no one. Here she had…could she call Ren someone? Out of boredom Rey decided to go for a walk. Most everyone avoided her, she tried to make talk with multiple people around the ship. Some responded while others didn’t. Some made it clear they were uncomfortable talking to her. A chrome figure was making her rounds when Rey stopped her in her tracks. Phasma held her blaster close to her chest, much taller than the tan freckled woman blocking her path. Perhaps she could offer Rey some advice, a strong woman to relate to would be good for her right now. Though she wished she was properly introduced to Phasma to make this confrontation seem less awkward. “Captain, are you busy?” Rey asked, she hated interrupting others. “I’m not busy enough to ignore your needs.” Phasma answered honestly through her mask. “You’ve know Ren for a long time, yes?” “Years. Why?” “I’m just trying to get a better understanding of him is all.” “I’ve since given up in that regard. He can be an utter arse.” Phasma replied. “You’re not afraid of him, to speak your mind about him.” Rey wanted to laugh. “He’s my friend.” Rey was surprised to hear her say such a thing. After years of knowing one another it seemed possible. They probably were the lets have a drink type friend, more of mutual respect type friend. Exchange small chatter type friend. “If you pester him enough, he might split for you.” Phasma gave her two cents “And don’t let his ego push you around. He needs to be put in his place once in a while. He likes it when individuals are blunt with him. Tiptoeing around will get you nowhere.” It was heavy advice, but solid. Phasma wouldn’t say anything out of line in her position. Rey could tell she respected her superiors. “Thank you.” Rey have her a warm smile. “You’re quite welcome.” Rey stepped away to let Phasma return to whatever it was that she was doing. The curiosity of what the woman looked like beneath mask struck her. Another time, another day. The beginnings of hunger started to gurgle in Rey’s stomach. That was her new task now, getting herself fed. She walked back along the halls thinking about Phasma and her words. A bobbing red head came around from another hallway. He walked ahead of her at a steady pace, his greatcoat hung from his shoulders and swayed behind himself. It seemed like he was going the same way as she was until he turned off down a hall to the left. It was a very short hallway to a single door. Rey looked up to notice the room was labeled “Shooting Range”. The General let himself inside. Rey stood at the door wondering if she had access to such a room, only one way to find out. She lifted her hand to its touchpad and it scanned over her fingers and palm. It blinked green with a ding, the door slid open to her. She leaned forward and peeked her head inside. It was a large room with a long counter cutting it in half. A handful of metal cabinets sat against the wall and floor behind. The General stuck out completely, he was the only one there. He stood at the center of the counter. He was looking down and typing something on the surface. A large digital clock appeared on the back wall, it counted down loudly started at fifteen seconds. Hux quickly removed something from his hip beneath his greatcoat. “Five, four, three, two, one.” The robotic voice chimed along with the clock. Blue human like projection emerged from all sides, they all had various red blinking targets over their bodies. Some on their heads, their heart, center of body, or main arteries. Rey watched the General raise his arm, he had a blaster in his grip. He started to fire simultaneously at the moving targets. She counted as he not ONCE missed the glowing red points, firing one shot after another in succession. His stance never changed either, he only adjusted the position of his arm to aim. At thirty he finally rid the last of them. “How did you learn such a thing? Your accuracy is admirable.” Rey complimented. The Generals head snapped in her direction, oblivious to her presence. She came walking into the room. “I’ve been at it for a very long time.” He answered after clearing his throat. Rey was reminded of his profile, where she read about his early military upbringing. “How young were you?” she pressed admiring the blaster in his hand. “On my tenth birthday my father gave this blaster to me,” Hux looked over the weapon in his hand “the next day I was sent to a military boarding home.” “Oh…that’s…” She wanted to say terrible, the General, cut in. “Would you like to try?” “That would be alright?” Rey raised a brow. “Well you’re learning here with us, I don’t see how you couldn’t learn to improve your accuracy.” “Are you implying something General?” she smiled at him. “I wouldn’t know, I’ve never seen you use a blaster.” He couldn’t help but smile back at her. He returned his blaster to his hip beneath his greatcoat. The safe behind them held an array of blasters similar to his of varying sizes. He had to key in a code to access them. Rey looked over his shoulder to have a look see, he moved aside to let her pick. A specific one caught her eye sitting on the door of the safe, it was much like the one Han Solo had given her some time ago. She had lost it in the snowy forest of Starkiller in her scuffle with Ren. “That one.” She nodded at its way on the rack. The General unclipped it and held it out to her. “Would you like me to keep it on the setting I used for my practice?” he asked. She shook her head “Ten targets?” she suggested. Hux adjusted the settings of the simulation. It took a handful of moments to tweak on the pad in the cubicle space. The countdown clock began at fifteen seconds, he ushered Rey to stand in his place. It came down to the last few seconds and the simulation started. The first figure emerged, Rey shot it with ease. Then came the second and third at the same time. She managed to shoot one but as for the other she had to take three shots. Even then she nearly missed because the fourth came out and distracted her. The General turned off the simulation before the fifth target would come. “Not terrible.” He commented. “I couldn’t even finish.” She groaned. “You’re right, if it were real you might not be alive.” The comment caught her off guard. “Good thing you saved me then.” Rey curled her lips. “When you have your sights on a target it’s best not to let the others cloud you before executing. There’s a split moment you have to decide whether or not to take on a newest threat. Unless it’s extremely pressing, I always take care of what’s before me before moving onto another.” “I’d like to try again.” “Of course, with my help.” Hux stepped behind her and gripped her dominant arm. He raised it to hold her aim. “Stand with your feet a bit further apart.” He gave her a word of advice. She looked down at her feet and spread them. Her stance was better, she had more balance. The countdown began again. After the first target was taken down successfully the General noticed her hand shook furiously with the blaster in hand. He clasped his fingers over hers to stop her from shaking. Thankfully his arms were that much longer than hers, otherwise he’d be pressed firmly against her backside. There was a reasonable distance between them to diffuse that. However it was difficult for the General to focus being so close. Rey hit the targets with fewer shots. It took her a few tries at a time but ultimately she was able to hit them. She smiled at her accomplishment, Hux stepped away to let her go at it completely on her own. He started the simulation over and tucked his hands behind his back. He rigged the simulation to have the targets come at her in trios. He wanted to see how many she could hit before she could be deemed “dead”. She narrowly made it to seven. Narrowly. Still she was better than most who hardly yielded a blaster. “I like this session.” She lowered the weapon. “Session? Would you like this to be a regular thing?” “I could always learn more. I don’t think Ren is interested in teaching me how to use blasters anyhow…or anything else for that matter.” “What makes you think that?” his face furrowed. “He always--I shouldn’t have said that.” She tried to back track. Rey pushed the blaster his way before he could reply. She left the room with no haste or further words. She didn’t want to go back and hide in her quarters. Making huge strides to escape, soon she came to the special room the General had shown her. It was empty. Quiet. She strode to the center of the room while barely glancing out of the windows. Tears started to well in her eyes, they came with their familiar sting to which she scrunched her nose at and sniffled. She didn’t want to seem weak with these tears, but being alone was what made her fall apart. That feeling of being unwanted again, abandoned. A burden. Eventually she laid down, for some time she looked directly at the ceiling above. The tears shed down her cheeks in fragmented times. She would cry and calm herself and minutes later she would cry again. It was overly exhausting for her, hours later after laying there for such a long time, she fell asleep right there on the floor. There was a brief feeling of weightlessness for Rey, she jolted awake with a pain in her hip. She scrambled to sit up with a heaving chest. This was not the room she fell asleep in. She rolled off her own bed, someone had moved her. Her head was heavy, her ears rang at an annoying decibel. All she knew is that she wanted to see Ren. She didn’t know why, she didn’t ask herself that until she was up from the floor turning the lights on. Rey strode the halls barefoot all the way to the entrance of Rens quarters. There was no care of how late it was, she didn’t look. After nearly colliding with the entrance door she repeatedly pressed the call button. She groaned aloud just in time for him to open up. Rey bit back in her throat, he was fully dressed in the wear he bore the day they first met with his hands at his sides. They looked at one another for a long while. “Either you want me here or not,” Rey’s voice shook. Ren didn’t respond. “Yesterday morning, you reminded me that you sought ME out. I’m reminding you of that now. My time here has been short, and in that time you’ve managed to make me feel-“ “Unwelcome?” Ren interrupted. “Among other things.” She added. Ren fell quiet again. “You understand it Ren, what it’s like to be the way that we are. I finally have that one person to relate and ironically he pushes me away?” “You’re right.” Ren mused. “We both agreed to this. For once I’d like to see something through in my life.” She said in a stern tone. “Tomorrow we’ll meet at the pool.” Ren agreed in his snarky way. “Good.” She shoved past him. “What are you doing?” Ren made little attempt to stop her. “We need to talk.” Her eyes wandered around his room. It was a wreck. The walls were torn apart to the high heavens with countless of scratch marks from his saber. He had gotten a new bed entirely, she didn’t know he had destroyed that too. “This,” she gestured with her eyes “Isn’t healthy.” “I’m not asking for your help.” “I know.” “It’s late Rey. We can discuss it during session.” “Sorry, that was rude of me.” She realized the time. Rey saw herself out, not before telling Ren goodnight. Surprisingly he replied back with the same sentiment. Her steps were lighter in walking back to her room. The relief felt nice, she knew their “relationship” needed work but at least she got it off her chest. No reason for him to make an already lonely person feel lonelier, especially after the promise of help. She knew she had to help him as well, no reason she couldn’t help him too. Ren sat on the edge of his bed with a loud sigh. He decided he couldn’t sleep now. With all these emotions floating around…it’ll be guaranteed that Rey would find herself in one of his nightmares again. He needed to control these projections. She’s getting too close for comfort and she only wants to get closer. Chapter 14 : Dose Summary: Yes it's super late, I should be beaten. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It had been well over two hours since Rey was taken back into the operating room with doctor Wilzlow. Those wisdom teeth had seen the last of their day. Unfortunately Rey had to go at it alone despite the Generals promise to at least be in the room with her during the procedure. Not even Ren was allowed in the room. Both him and the General had to yet again wait patiently. They decided that Rey would be given three days to recoup. During that time they’d have soft meals delivered and a nurse to make sure medication was being taken and to prevent infection like dry socket. She could continue her nightly sessions with Hux if she was up to it. She had this Saturday night and tomorrow Sunday free of sessions. Ren was sure to make her early morning routine with him a lighter one. The dental office wasn’t much for comfort as there wasn’t an actual waiting area. So Ren and Hux were sent to sit in a dental room. Ren took the only chair and left the General with the tilted facility a patient would sit in. Hux ended up standing and completely ignoring the other man in the room whilst typing away on his touchpad. Ren kept to himself with his fingers twiddling against his helmet in his lap. It was an annoyance the General drowned out. Ren rose from his seat, already feeling the presence of doctor Wilzlow approaching. Hux lowered his touchpad as the jovial old man came into the room wearing a facemask around his neck, he was pulling a pair of rubber gloves from his hands. “It all went very well.” Doctor Wilzlow said triumphantly with an equally triumphant smile. “Thank you, doctor.” Hux forwarded. “She’s sedated then, yes?” Ren inquired. “I’ll say! One of you will have to help her, she can barely sit up let lone stand. She keeps asking about some damn cat. Saying it’s orange and fat repeatedly.” “Of all the things.” The General thought to himself. The doctor led the way through the halls of the dental facility. They came to find her sitting in an operating chair with her head heavily resting on her own shoulder. Bloody tools were off to the side on a tray along with a lot of bloody gauze. “Now she’ll need to take her pain medication.” The doctor approached her to help her sit up “The lidocaine will wear off within the next twenty minutes.” Rey was slow moving in sitting up “Oh! Yrourrr hrrr!” she slurred most of her words, the gauze in her mouth didn’t help much either. Ren took over to assist the doctor in holding Rey up. “Can you walk?” the doctor asked. She responded by feverishly nodding her head and slid down from the chair. It was a good thing Ren already had a hold of her arm, he caught her before her knees made impact with the ground. The General had taken a stride in her fall as if he were going to catch her from across the room. “Woooo!” Rey exclaimed in her dizzying state. “She’s quite small so…the effects are stronger in her.” Doctor Wilzlow commented. It was then that Ren resorted to picking her up. She let out a small muffled giggle. “Arrre wree going ro see Mirricent?” she asked in a jumble. “That infernal cat?” Hux rolled his eyes. Doctor Wilzlow interrupted the Generals moment by pushing a plastic aid kit his way. He took it without thought. “Shre’s darling.” Rey defended. “We’ll take her to my quarters, I can keep a closer eye on her there.” Hux inserted. “You can’t keep an eye on her in her own quarters?” Ren commented. “I warnna ree Mirricent.” Rey interrupted. Ren and Hux exchanged a slight glare at one another. “Very well then.” Ren gave in with a sigh. Even though it was Hux’s duty to take care of her for the majority of the day now, Ren insisted on carrying her himself to Hux’s quarters. As Ren trudged ahead, Hux followed by searing a hole into the back of his head. The childish behavior Ren was displaying was no surprise. It was a usual occurrence. Now at the entrance to his quarters Hux walked ahead to scan his palm. Rey was nearly asleep in the mans arms, the door opened to the very immaculately clean quarters that Hux kept. Without order, Ren went ahead and took Rey to the white sofa in the living area. Her grip wasn’t very tight, he made sure not to drop her before setting her down on the cushions. Her arms fell from his neck and lazily to her lap. “I freel fuhnnry.” She complained. “I’m sure you do.” Ren stood up straight only to have his hand grabbed. “Are your leavring?” her eyes started to gloss over from the operation. “I have some work to attend to, but you’ll see me tonight.” Rey responded by nodding her head. Hux was busy in the kitchen attending to dividing her medication by the day in a pill box Doctor Wilzlow provided. Ren made his way to the kitchen to exchange a few words with the red head. Rey tried to listen in but she was completely out of earshot to hear. She watched Ren leave the quarters without another word soon after his exchange. Just then a tiny mew came from the end of the couch near her feet. The fat tabby princess jumped up on the arm into view of Rey. Rey’s face grew to the biggest grin she’s had in days and held out her arms to Millicent. She jumped down onto Rey’s shins and walked up her legs, Rey giggled at the tickling feeling of Millicent’s paws. “I see she’s come out of her hiding place.” Hux was suddenly standing at the back of the couch looking down at the two of them. “I’m ar bir cold.” Rey complained innocently, Millicent jumped to the back of the couch balancing on the cushions. Hux always kept his quarters at a low, it was how he preferred it. He was willing to crank up the thermometer to comfort Rey however. “I’ll get you a blanket until it warms up.” Hux walked around the sofa. He strode to his bedroom into the doorway on the right of the beck wall. A throw blanket was folded over the end of his bed. He came back out to the living area to Millicent crawling her fat butt along the back edge of the couch towards Rey’s outstretched hand. Millicent rubbed her nose and whiskers against Rey’s palm purring loudly. Rey smiled with a giggle when the tabby stepped behind her head and over a shoulder. Her little paws ground in her collar. Millicent’s nose came close to Rey’s, pointed ears jolted back when the static shock met. Hux unfolded the blanket and came around the back of the sofa, he tossed it over Rey’s legs. “Ank your.” Her smile trailed up to him, bigger than usual due to the drugs. Millicent took no time in jumping down to find her place on the blanket between Rey’s feet. “You’re welcome.” Hux was ready to stroll his way into the kitchen when Rey grabbed for his hand. All his attention fell to her pained face. “Do your harve to work arl dar?” she asked of him. “Oh no, I’m spending it with you.” he assured her. Rey’s cheeks started to turn red, or at least that’s what the General thought he saw. “I’ll get you some water.” Hux distracted himself away into the kitchen. He could hear Rey cooing in a silly drawled out voice at Millicent while he brought down metal mugs from a cabinet. Hux made sure the water wasn’t too cold nor too warm. Aggravating her swelling gums was the last thing he wanted. By the time he turned around with water full mugs Rey was holding Millicent up in the air with her hands beneath her front legs like an infant. She puckered her lips at the feline as if to give her a playful kiss. “What are you doing there?” he raised a brow. Rey dropped Millicent on her chest, the tabby took to nuzzling her way in the nape of Rey’s neck. Hux came to the edge of the coffee table, setting the mugs on the surface. He knelt down lower next to Rey and set his thumb beneath her chin. “Let’s have a look see.” He advised. Rey opened her sore mouth. Hux looked over to see that the bleeding was minimal, but the gauze needed to be changed for sure. The aid kit the doctor had sent was sitting on the table ready to be opened. Hux unlatched the lid and inside found gauze, gloves, and instant ice packs. Rey’s pain medication was also placed in there in a silver can with a screw top lid. Millicent was trying to gather his attention, eventually he had to pick her up and set her on the ground for the time being. Hux put on one of the rubber gloves and asked Rey to hold still. He was delicate in removing the gauze, making sure not to poke or jab her with his fingers. “I’m going to need you to take your pain medication.” he told her. “I’m hungry, I very much like biscuits and eggs for breakfast.” “It’s beyond noon and you can’t have that.” “Why not?” she pouted. “Because…” the General quipped with a laugh “You’ve just gotten your teeth removed. You can’t chew anything.” Hux held out the pill towards her mouth, she opened to have him place it on her tongue. He pushed the mug against her lips. “Drink.” He advised her. She was sitting up just enough to let him pour a bit of the water into her mouth without drizzling it down her chin. She made a sour face before gulping it down. Millicent jumped her way back up on top of Rey’s chest. The General rolled his eyes having failed at keeping her from pestering Rey. “She matches you.” Rey giggled. “Sorry?” Hux didn’t understand. “Millicent, you both have beautiful matching hair.” Rey slurred. “Oh, yes. I guess we do have the same hue of red.” He replied. Rey reached out, Hux stiffened at the touch of her fingers finding their place through his hair. They brushed lightly at the tip of his ear. “That day you told me about your tenth birthday…I felt so awful.” “It wasn’t very appropriate of me to tell you.” Hux furrowed his brows. “No no, I’m glad you shared that with me. I wanted to tell you I felt awful because I was glad.” “What do you mean by that?” “I was glad I found another person who might know what it feels like to be abandoned.” Hux realized she was still running her fingers in his hair. He was gentle in pulling her hand away. “I wish my hair was your color.” Rey’s mood suddenly brightened. “You should eat. I’ll make you something.” Hux stood up. Rey settled back into the cushion on the couch. The General kept himself preoccupied in the kitchen area and occasionally stole a glance at her. She was exhausted, her eyes drooping. At one point he figured she fell asleep, she had dosed off for some time but woke again. Millicent hadn’t moved from her spot on Rey’s chest. Her ears would twitch every time Rey would breathe out. By the time Hux had made food Rey was fast asleep. It took some time, he had to cook the food and wait for it to cool enough for her to eat, seems now it’ll have to wait. He wasn’t about to wake her. For a fraction of a moment he thought of moving her to his bed. He scolded himself immediately as it would be inappropriate for so many reasons. It was possible to carry her down the hall to her own room, he carried her the other day after finding her tear stained and asleep on the floor of the room he had given her. Doubtful she’d wake up with the amount of medication she was on. At about four hours later it came to the time where Rey needed to take another dose of her medication. She curled herself into the back of the cushion of the sofa. Hux was surprised she was able to breathe with her face buried in such a way. He took to sitting just on the edge of the sofa, when it dipped Rey stirred awake and turned over. “It’s time to take another bit of your medication.” He spoke softly. Rey tried to sit up, still dizzy but tired the General had to help her by lifting her beneath the arms. He settled her back against the arm of the sofa. Hux handed her the pills and mug to take herself. She tossed them back and took a swig. “Are you hungry?” Hux asked leaning over to take the mug. She nodded and wiped the bit of water from her lower lip. “I pureed some vegetables for you, I’ll warm them.” The idea of eating anything didn’t really sit well with her, but she was hungry after all. After warming the food Hux brought her a small bowl and spoon. She cradled the bowl against her chest and scooped a bit of the mash on the spoon. He watched her take a successful bite before going into the kitchen to clean up. “Be careful not to touch anything back there with that spoon.” He warned her lightly. Millicent was balancing along the counter tops for food and licking the dripping remnants of what got drizzled on the counter. Hux wiped down the surface with a disinfectant rag and put the cooking utensils in the dishwasher found beneath the kitchen sink. “She’s rather chubby, I don’t think she needs to eat anything else.” Rey’s giggling voice came from behind, it nearly startled the red head. “I think it’s her lack of exercise that’s the problem.” He turned to give her a smile. Rey returned the smile and held out her finished bowl of food with the spoon. The General simply took it and rinsed it in the sink before setting it in the washer with the rest of the dirty things. Rey looked over his shoulder to watch. They were both caught off guard with a loud pinging sound coming from Hux’s touchpad on the counter bar. Rey reclined back to have a look. “Duke-Drellamous.” Rey read allowed the contact seeking a call. “It’s better I ignore it for now.” “Hard person to please?” Rey lightheartedly joked in her drugged state. The pinging ceased. “You could say that, at least he hasn’t been very pleased with me as of late.” Truth be told, he’s been avoiding any and all possible conversation with the Duke. He wasn’t very happy with the Generals rejection towards his daughter. When silence passed, the pinging began again. This time the contact listed “Willa” Hux then finally picked up his touchpad by reaching around Rey. “If you’d please excuse me for a few moments.” He clarified, Rey didn’t really have time to respond, the General was already making headway into his bedroom held in the furthest right doorway in the living area. “Eavesdropping would be terribly rude.” at least that’s way Rey whispered to herself. She wouldn’t deny she was interested in listening in on the very private conversations of General Hux. Well within her means to hear from a reasonable distance learning from Ren in her recent sessions, her respect for the General was what was stopping her. Even on copious amounts of drugs. So she forced herself to sit back on the couch and entertain Millicent. Rey’s curiosity was beginning to get the best of her when Hux emerged from his room without his touchpad and fists at his sides. Fortunately it happened to be a short conversation. “Is everything alright?” Rey asked, he was caught off guard as if he’d forgotten she was there. “Yes…” he trailed mid stride. “I know it’s not my place…but be sure to do what makes yourself happy.” Her advice was unexpected, she said it with such sincerity and a bright smile. “That’s very kind of you Rey.” He tucked his hands behind his back. “And you’ve been nothing but kind towards me.” She returned. The General paused for a moment “…Ren will be here soon.” The powerful dosage of Rey’s medication had a heavy effect on her ability to stay awake. She could only carry her conversation with Hux for so long before she fell asleep again. The buzz at the door cause her to stir, while Hux only glanced up from his chair with a mug of tea in his hand and touchpad in the other. “Come in.” the General called out. The command triggered the entrance door to unlock and open. Ren entered the room, face covered by his mask. “How well is she?” he asked upon walking further into the room. Millicent was curled on the armrest near Rey’s head, she jumped down and scampered into the Generals room upon seeing Ren. “She’s doing quite fine.” Hux replied and leaned forward to set his tea on the coffee table along with his touchpad. Ren was already picking up Rey from the couch, Hux was working to pack her medication and things back in the box Doctor Wilzlow gave Rey. He nearly dropped it, Ren caught it mid-air with the Force before it made impact with the ground. The General expected an insult of some sort to come from the Knight. “Thank you General.” Hux had the only response to nod. Never had he been thanked by Ren. Not once in the entire time of knowing one another. It was almost more meaningful coming from him than Rey. Notes: Lots of dialogue. Honest Rey is cute Rey! Chapter 15 : Kessel? Summary: Yes, I know, it's been a month. I'm a terrible person and this chapter is terribly short only because the one that's going to follow it within the next three days is going to be long and fun filled. “This is the only way you can learn Rey.” Ren beseeched behind his mask. She stood idly in the doorway of the training arena watching a handful of individuals’ battle it out on the stage. Two men so consumed in their practice, completely unaware they were being watched by Ren and Rey. Rey tilted her face back to look at her teacher. “I couldn’t…I shouldn’t.” her voice full of discomfort. “Rey…” “Why can’t we practice the Force on someone who is willing?” she bit. “If people were made aware that you might be practicing your skills on them it wouldn’t be authentic. They would do what you say because you asked, put on an act, not because you move them with the Force.” “I’d rather not practice on…” she looked to the men flinging themselves at one another with staffs “…one of our own.” One of our own? Has she decided it upon herself that she was part of the First Order? Officially? Rey was excelling in her studies and sessions with both Hux and Ren. The only obstruction in her path was her healing mouth, now that was done and out of the way as of two weeks ago Rey was beginning to feel restless. Already in a lengthy routine after weeks. She only travelled to the same three places, her room, the training arena and the hall where she and Hux met to study. Ren mostly elected to ignore her anxious intensity until it was hardly made bearable to sleep. It felt like a vibration was set off in his head that couldn’t be released. Blurbs and voices rang in his ears at all hours the night before. He was beginning to seep into her dreams. It would be remedied today. “Then you will practice your abilities elsewhere.” Ren added. “Elsewhere?” “Kessel. We’re nearing the planet.” “Kessel, isn’t that planet riddled with crime?” Rey raised a brow. “Exactly, the perfect environment for your practice.” The last time Rey used this type of ability was during her successful escape from Starkiller. Ungroomed, but able to dupe a Stormtrooper into releasing her from her restraints. She thought it might have been a stroke of luck or adrenaline at the time. But she realized it was Ren that triggered it, all she did was follow through. Knowing this now Rey has become rather intimidated by the idea of being able to do it again with him around. It would be better to practice on an unsuspecting criminal. “How close are we to the planet?” Rey asked. “By tomorrow we’ll be close enough to take a trip. Criminal activity is higher at night, we’ll go then.” “Oh.” “Too soon?” “I have a session with Hux.” “Right…well I’ll discuss it with him, maybe make an arrangement.” “Absolutely not.” Hux retorted. “Skipping one session is that detrimental?” Ren argued. “It’s nothing to do with that. We agreed upon our selected days.” “Why not shave off an hour?” “A lot can be done in an hour.” Ren came up with a better suggestion all together when he realized he wasn’t going to get his way completely. The General had always been as stubborn as him. “Have your session in the city Toteyda instead. Rey’s been confined in the ship far too long, she’s getting restless. You can make a lesson plan based on Kessel’s culture.” Ren suggested. It wasn’t a terrible idea, he was sure he could piece together a lesson plan tonight. Perhaps about the spice mines or the onslaught of criminality. “I suppose it would be a beneficial experience for her.” They were in agreement for once. Well…in agreement as of late whenever it came to Rey. Chapter 16 : Pride Rey’s morning was spent sleeping in. She figured she’d be out late with Ren and Hux anyway. By the afternoon her excitement came in loops off and on. She wondered about what it would be like to visit another new planet. She’s visited very few so far being confined to Jakku, with the excitement came worry. That a situation beyond her control would occur, or maybe something confrontational. Her excitement spiked when Hux buzzed at her door to pick her up. The ginger was greeted with Rey’s warm smile while she took notice with his differing change of clothing. Rather than his usual form fitting top and greatcoat he wore a loose looking tunic top, it nearly looked like a robe, only shorter. It was open, beneath it was a simple black shirt. A metallic chain came around his neck and dipped beneath the shirt. Rey could make out an oval shape for the pendant. A dark red belt held up the black pants, the ankles tucked in boots. She herself wore her simple black outfit much like her older one. Ren had a few duplicates made so she could have multiples to wear without the hassle of waiting for the laundry. “Ready?” he broke her gaze. “Yes, do I need to bring any of my books?” “No no, this session is strictly visual. You may want to bring your touchpad if you’d like to take notes...and for your quiz.” he hinted. “Somehow I knew you were going to be giving me a quiz!” she laughed. “I might need to make them more difficult, you keep passing them.” he countered with a smile. He was actually doing his damndest to make them harder on her. He gave his best and brightest crewmembers the quiz to test it out, neither of them could even accomplish a B. She was passing with A’s. Some a percentage or so lower whenever he thought he’d finally duped her. One of them dared to suggest she may be cheating with her use of the force. Hux ruled that out immediately, Rey is an honest woman, she could gain nothing from cheating. He simply told them the difference is that Rey wants to learn rather than think of it as some sort of punishment or chore. Hux invited her out of the room, she carried her touchpad on a strap over her shoulder. They made their way to the main hangar of the Finalizer where a small ship waited for them. It looked like a much smaller version of a Trooper Carrier. Rey stepped up the ramp first, Hux followed. Rey hardly noticed the pilot dressed in black until the General acknowledged them. He spouted off that they were headed to the city Toteyda. Seats lined the longest walls of the little ship, Rey sat directly in the middle and strapped herself in. Hux sat himself next to her with a seat between he however neglected to strap himself in like she had. The rode was strangely quiet. Normally the two of them could strike up a conversation on just about anything. Rey was too nervous to come up with one herself, the city was coming closer, they’d be on the ground and she’d have to get off soon. Out into civilian life again, out to see a corner where those who are less fortunate live. The pilot was steady in landing, Rey was up out of her seat before it touched the ground. It was an antsy wait for the pilot to let down the ramp. It creaked loudly as it lowered, the first thing she saw was a dark hue of red dirt. Hux stood with her until it touched the ground with a thud making the ship shudder. Rey stilled at the edge while he went to discuss what time the pilot should come back for him. It was quiet for a moment, Hux made his way back through the back end of the ship. He was first to walk down with the metal ringing off of the heels of his boots. He looked up at Rey, her wide eyed expression suggested that he might have to convince her to come down. Rey noticed the comforting expression on his face, she sighed and finally decided to step down. It was a city seated beneath an overhang of a cliff. Rey only guessed that because when she looked up she could see hanging jagged rock at least a thousand feet above. Just off to the side above was the sky filled with a pink and orange hue of twilight. The buildings were a mix of red mud, rock and technological advancements. The roofs peeked in triangles, the tallest building was no bigger than thirty stories. They both were at the edge of it in a ship docking yard. No two ships were the same and most of them likely stolen or bargained for. A loud cranking noise startled Rey’s onlooking, she turned to see the ship pulling up the ramp to leave. “Before we go off walking you should take this.” Hux lifted his tunic, he branded two blasters. One was his own, the other he grabbed for her. He asked her to clip it to her hip in case that it could possibly be used tonight. “So Toteyda?” Rey inquired as they walked. “Not necessarily doing the best economically, certainly not the worst.” Hux added. “Do they make most of their credit off of their spice?” “They do, though they are weaning from it. Their mines are being over scraped. The demand isn’t high enough for the skyrocketing prices they have on most of their markets. Nobody wants to spend two hundred credits on a half pound of spice.” “Nobody here has that kind of money to spend.” Rey commented on the shriveled little tents they passed. None of them could sleep more than three people, so low to the ground there was no doubt the people who used them also slept with the creatures inhabiting the dirt. An overwhelming bout of sadness stuck in Rey. Humans and other sentient aliens sat on the ground stoking fire pits, cooking, shaking out their dirty bedding, hanging their moth eaten laundry, it was endless. And neither of them seemed to care that she and the General were walking by, until Rey’s eyes made contact with a seemingly blind old woman. Her hair was long and white, the red powder from the dirt stained the ends where she sat. But her eyes...they were blind. A small glimpse into her mind and Rey could see nothing but darkness. It was eerie to watch the woman’s head crane as they walked, most likely listening to their feet. As they came closer to the city gates, more and more commotion was being drawn. Humans, Twi’Leks, Wookies, you name it started to funnel all around in pairs and groups. “I’m guessing their other form of credit is through travelers.” Rey looked all around. Hux nodded in agreement. The moment they crossed through the city gate the ground was paved. Speeders and bikes passed above them, their paced engine drowned out the crowded talking and the crowded talking drowned out the engines. It was hard to dispel which was louder. With so many bodies now swirling around, cutting through, and dodging Rey stuck closer to Hux. With every step their arms brushed, the General lead the way to an emptier corner of the street. Rey honestly imagine Ren barreling through to get around places like this. “So we should go to the nearest market before heading deeper into the city.” the General looked over the sea of heads to pinpoint where they were. He motioned for her to start walking again once he figured where they were headed. Rey walked along with him through the crowd. The density started to trim, it was no longer an obstacle to walk. Hux proceeded to tell Rey the history of Kessel. “Most of the slavery in this area has been eradicated, but their ancestors still suffer today.” Hux proceeded. “The people outside the gates…” Rey realized. “Yes, unfortunately. They could never save up enough working for the mining corporations to leave or otherwise make themselves a better life.” “Charity?” “Charitable offers are far and few between in this galaxy.” He was right. Her entire life on Jakku…she couldn’t remember anything charitable happening to her in her life there. Not even in her childhood. People walked their way right past the dirty, the tired, the starving small child that she was. How could no one help her? She sighed aloud. Hux pursed his lips and slowed himself. They had been walking around a market for some time. A spice cart stood out to him along with an older Twi’Lek woman standing next to it, she covered her head in a deep green scarf to match her skin. This would be a good opportunity to show Rey a better time. It wasn’t hard for him to notice her melancholy mood. She smiled less, her small grunts in reply rather than a full articulate response were troubling. “Do you want to try anything?” he asked Rey. “That could be nice.” she smiled slightly. Hux turned his attention to the woman “What will you say to twenty credits for her to taste ten spices?” he kindly asked of her. “Eight.” the old Twi’Lek woman croaked. “Eight then.” the General agreed graciously. He exchanged the credits with the old crone while Rey eyed the titles of all the spices. All had peculiar names, hard to pronounce and easily fitting for the taste most likely. Hux held his hands behind his back to observe. Rey knelt down to a red earth colored one called Sliccii. She took only a pinch between her fingers and set it on her tongue. An immediate face of disgust struck her, crinkling her nose and tightening her cheeks. “Sour?” Hux let off a soft laugh. Rey nodded her head and went for another, a vibrant green labeled Telchek. “Not that one,” The General warned quickly, Rey furrowed her brows “Telchek WILL make your tongue bleed. Its use is scarce, stews meant to feed thirty only need a teaspoon.” Hux enjoyed the peculiar faces she made while trying everything else. He even laughed when she pushed his shoulder in a joking manner. “I think the rest of this session can be spent enjoying the city.” Hux stood up straight from her little attack. Her mood had completely turned around in a matter of minutes “Ok, doing what? What is there to do?” another smile came over her. “Anything you’d like.” “This isn’t exactly what I had in mind.” The General admitted. Rey looked curiously across the way at a bar. Pink strobe like lights illuminated the name above its doors. “Stellar Nights.” He mouthed the horribly tacky so called title of the bar. “I’ve never been to a bar before.” “There’s always a first time for everything.” It was much more of a dive on the inside, it seemed like a majority of their profit went to attracting people rather than serve. The bar itself sat along the left length of the building. It was steel of some kind but chipped, scratched, and carved to high hell. No chairs were to be found but there were tall tables made of glass, humans and aliens stood with drinks in their hands. Some danced with themselves, others danced with each other and rather erotically too. Droids manned the counter, it was the only thing mechanical in the bar. A stage was set up in the corner, small, but a crowd of people surrounded it. One couldn’t even see what was actually going on up on the stage. All that could be heard was shouting. “Are you sure this is the first bar you’d like to venture?” Hux raised his voice over the booming music. “This place is fun!” Rey exclaimed. He reluctantly followed her to the bar where they could place an order for drinks. The service droids had special scanners built within their drives to tell whether someone was of drinking age. No such thing as showing an ID and giving minor alcohol. Most systems instilled the droids to cut down on underage drinking. “What’ll you have?” the nearest droid fitted with a cute bow tie asked in their robotic tone. “Oh…” she turned to Hux “I just realized I haven’t got any money.” “No worries Rey. My salary can afford you at least one drink.” “Ok then, what should I have?” her tone was brighter. “She’ll have a Nectarblip, I’ll have a shot of Acaer with soda water.” The droid was quick to make their drinks. A small glass was slid across the counter in Rey’s direction. Inside it was a vibrant orange liquid. Hux sipped his own drink and watched her look over the glass in his peripheral. She took a sip and thought for a moment, another sip. “I like it.” she declared. “I figured you would.” The commotion was growing on the corner stage again. “What’s over there?” Rey wondered. Hux honestly feared Rey picked a bar with nude dancers. Not that there was anything wrong with it per say, it could be a lot for her to handle. It might be another thing she’d never seen before. Rey was making strides across the bar before he could stop her. He sighed heavily and downed his drink. Rey peeked through the shoulders of everyone. Up on the stage she could finally see what everyone was getting so riled up about. A male Twi’Lek stood over a fallen human man, it was clearly a type of fight and he had just won. A pair of arms dragged the unconscious human from the stage. “No one has yet to beat him! My husband!” a petite human woman proclaimed up on the stage. He responded with a kiss, he then pulled away. “Make your bets now, I will win every fight. Every time.” He added with his wife, upon looking over his blue skin Rey could tell he had been at this for some time. Scars and bruises covered his body. “Gambling.” Hux commented just behind her. She looked on the stage again to see a painted white circle. “Is it legal?” “Assuming this bar has the proper license, yes. The object is to push them out of the ring. The last fight was forfeit.” “But he was knocked out.” Rey argued. “It’s not the fairest sport.” Hux laughed a bit. “Does Ren participate in things like this?” she wondered further. “He’s banned from this sport, at least in this city.” “Banned?” “They suspect he’s a cheat. He never loses.” “He’s uses The Force then?” “He doesn’t. It’s not allowed.” Hux sounded impressed himself. Rey could easily see Ren winning something like this. He was a brute after all, so far she was the only one able to beat him at anything. It made her wonder how she’d fair in this game. The Twi’Lek continued on riling up the crowd. He was demanding that someone fight him. “A bit full of himself.” Rey commented to the General. He nodded in agreement. “What’d you say there?” the Twi’Lek quieted the crowd. Every set of eyes in the bar turned on Rey. Hux gripped her close to his side as the Twi”lek set his sights on her. “Call your bet bitch if you think you can do better, come up here.” the Twi’Lek snarled. “She most certainly will not.”Hux gritted. The Twi’Lek smiled and stepped down from the stage. Everyone parted the way for him to walk. Hux made sure to step in front of Rey. He didn’t cower at the alien whom was at least a foot taller than himself. His muscle mass alone outweighed Hux. “And what about you?” the Twi’Lek asked of him. “Five thousand credits says I can win a round against you.” Hux replied. The Twi’Lek smiled “Ten thousand.” “Twenty.” “Hux.” Rey pulled his shoulder, he returned his attention to her and slipped away the sleeves of his tunic from his arms and began to fold it, Rey’s brow furrowed with confusion. He pushed the folded garment in Rey’s arms, she reluctantly took it. She watched him remove the chain from his neck, the pendant was a set of military tags. “What are you doing?” Rey pressed quickly. “Putting someone in their place.” Hux simply answered. He wasn’t looking to impress her, his answer was simply true. Although worry struck Rey, she had never seen him in hand to hand physical combat. Hux was especially skilled with weapons, ones with triggers in particular. He tightened his hands into fists at his sides making the freckles over his slender biceps pop. Rey couldn’t do anything to stop him, so she downed the remaining bit of her drink. Credits were given to the moderating droid, it made Rey wonder just how much the General had or even earned. The he was up on the stage shaking hands with his opponent. A strong sense of disgust ran through Rey’s chest, she stilled herself and scanned the room for the figure creating it. She had felt it somewhere before. “My bet’s on the Twi’Lek.” a voice came at her side just next to her ear, she whipped her head nearly jolting her face with Vander Rens. Rey stepped to the side to broaden her invaded space. He smiled for startling her. She figured it was best to ignore him, but it proved difficult feeling the hatred rolling from him completely. He however kept a calm demeanor, it made it all that much more frustrating. A bell sounded off for the match to start. A punch was attempted by the Twi’Lek, Hux dodged it easily. He was nimble with his feet, every punch, every kick was avoided. The Twi’Lek let out a growl of anger and successfully struck Hux in the face. Rey jolted forward only to see he was hardly fazed by the attack. His lower lip bled. “He bleeds.” Vander Ren joked, Rey rolled her eyes. In the short amount of time she had taken her eyes off the match Hux was flat on his back on the ground. “Please get up!” Rey begged him on, her voice was shrill over everyone else’s chanting. He kicked up his legs and swept them beneath the Twi’Lek’s feet. Now they were both on the ground, Hux got to his feet first. His opponent followed suit and stood too. He attempted to wrap his hands around the gingers neck, Hux was quick to react and used his arms to break free. Everyone’s shouting egged him on to choke. A good grip and Hux had a hold of his forearms. A knee came right up to the Twi’Leks abdomen. He fell to his knees. Another knee came up but this time to his face. Then another and another. The opponent swayed until Hux delivered a punch to his face. He fell on his back, shoulders outside the white ring. Without a word Hux stepped down from the stage and wiped his lip. The crowd had quieted completely and parted so he could walk through them. “Your credits.” Rey reminded him. “They can have them.” he took his tunic and tags from Rey. They walked out of the bar together without so much of a word. She didn’t want to bring up the fact that he essentially paid twenty thousand credits to kick someone’s ass. “Where did you learn to fight like that?” she at least gave him that attention. A brisk laugh “Military.” He wrapped the chain back around his neck. “It’s so different compared to what Ren and I practice.” “Both styles are useful…we should get you over to Ren now. We’ve gone over our time.” Ren wasn’t too far across town. A ten minute walk was all. He wasn’t too pleased to see Hux bringing Rey late to his portion of the session and he wasn’t shy to complain about it. “You’re late.” He called across the street at them. His dress wear was casual, black and fitted with a tunic and pants. He sported a maskless face, otherwise his helmet would be too recognizable. Few people know what Kylo Ren actually looks like. “I lost track of the time, I apologize.” Hux explained. “Gambling again General?” Ren smiled at Hux’s swollen lip. “I should be on my way.” Hux ignored him and turned to Rey. “Thank you for this evening General.” Rey added. “Thank you for your time Rey.” Hux replied lightly. He exchanged a nod with Ren and took his leave, disappearing in the heavy traffic of the street. The time she spent with him was plenty fun, she wished he could join her and Ren for the rest of the night. She imagined he most likely had better things to do anyway. “Let’s get this over with.” Rey sighed. “I think we should get something to eat first. No use running on an empty stomach.” Ren furrowed his forehead. “I ate before I left with Hux.” “But did you have desert?” “No.” she didn’t know where he was getting at. “Skipped desert? We can’t have that.” Ren had a particular place in mind to take Rey for sweets. It was a small bakery, they mostly sold bread but when it came to sugary confections they were beyond memorable. Cookies, fudge, chocolates, and candied fruits. Rey was having a hard time deciding what to get for herself. It’s a good thing service droids are patient. “What do you like?” Rey looked up at Ren standing behind her. Their menu board was lit with neon green coloring, it was sickening to look at after a while. “I like most sweet things.” His answer hardly helped her pick an option. She asked the droid the same thing. “Though I cannot taste anything ma’am, our fudge is the most popular seller.” It replied happily. “I’ll have that then.” “How much ma’am?” “Oh, well- “A pound.” Ren interrupted. “That seems like a lot.” she smiled a bit. “You have to share, it’s not all for you.” He couldn’t help but to smile. The droid merrily measured out a pound of the sweet chocolate and put it is a clear plastic bag to carry. Ren paid accordingly and handed off the bag to Rey. She dug around for a chunk and popped it into her mouth as they walked out of the little shop. “I’ll have to start doing something that’s worth being paid, I can’t have you and the General buying my things for me.” Rey handed the bag back to him so he could have some. “What did the General buy you?” “Just a drink…” Ren took a handful of the fudge clumps and handed the bag back off to Rey. “Can we come back to the city tomorrow?” Rey asked between bites. “Unfortunately we’ll be long gone by then. Orders still need to be fulfilled.” “Snokes orders?” It was the first time Rey had brought him up in conversation, first time ever actually. “Yes.” “Have you ever…disagreed?” her question was innocent at best. “Sometimes…” he trailed, that was all that was said. She didn’t ask him to elaborate on the subject. As it got later the night life started to dwindle. Rey walked with Ren all around the city talking about anything and everything that popped into their heads from food, to animals, then leaning towards vehicles and mechanics. Most importantly hardly any of it was related to the First Order. “All the fudge is gone.” Rey peered into the empty bag. “It’s getting late now, we should be looking for practice.” Ren had to put a damper on the fun. After a half hour of looking the frustration started to set in. Every person that passed was hardly a suitable candidate. Even though crime was supposed to pick up in the later hours they weren’t witnessing anything too spectacular to call judgement on. Not to mention Rey was getting tired, adding to the frustration of it all. “You’ll know when you find the right one.” Ren encouraged. Rey continued to overlook the bobbing heads from the street corner. She’d focus on one passing by then resort her attention to another. Avoiding children all together, but not excluding women. Women on this planet, hell in this galaxy were capable of horrific criminal activity. The common crime Rey witnessed in blips in passing minds was theft, either for food and credits. Something they used to survive. She’d have to find one that committed an unspeakable deed. But did she have room to judge? Her friend, General Hux was a military man. Based on his personality you wouldn’t guess he helped create a super weapon so powerful it destroyed the entire Republic in one sweep. Although the Resistance had killed their fair share, they couldn’t claim everyone they killed wasn’t innocent either. That was war. This is a clan of individuals trying to survive on their own. And did she just think of the General as her friend? Her idea of friendship was vague, Finn is a friend, as was Poe. Friends help one another. The General helps her so does that constitute him as a friend? And what of Ren? He’s helped her on an emotional level in a lot of ways in the weeks, is he a friend? “Your mind is swimming Rey, focus.” Ren broke her tangent. Rey was hardly paying attention, her new focus now was on the scantily clad blue skinned Twi’Lek woman making her sights at her. “Four hundred credits and you can have me for the evening.” she beckoned at Rey in a sultry tone. “Uh-I-” she stuttered. Ren’s hands came over Rey’s shoulders. “Oh, there’s two of you,” the Twi’Lek drawled “I’ll give you a packaged deal, six hundred.” “Flattered, though prostitution is illegal in this system if I’m not mistaken.” Ren warned casually. “Well then, I’ll be on my way.” she excused herself calmly and walked down the street. They watched her go along her way for about a block where another unsuspecting passerby was about to face the embarrassment. Rey nearly turned her attention away but a sharp slap echoed off the walls if the buildings, the Twi’Lek woman fell to the ground at her assailants feet. They began to kick her. All the focus was turned on their mind. Hatred, vile crimes. Unspeakable acts against children. Rey could hear their screams bouncing around in their head. She could feel their smile at the pain and agony they’ve caused. Years piled up but never caught. This individual had every crime perfectly racked up like a trophy, prizes and triumphs. Murder, robbery, rape, molestation. Ren didn’t need to delve into what Rey was thinking, he didn’t need to feel it, he could see it rolling off of her. She had found the perfect practice. “YOU!” Rey called across the street in a growl. The stopped mid kick to the poor womans ribs. Rey marched her heavy feet across the way, eye contact growing stronger with the individual. She could see now that it was an ordinary human man. Well dressed, well washed and trimmed. He had done a lot of horrid things to get where he is. Ren patiently trailed knowing full well Rey was within her potential to take control. “Mind your own bitch!” the man spat. The man did nothing as Rey stepped over the woman, she clung at Rey’s legs. Ren watched Rey step as close as she could to the man. She was chest to chest with the man, his face was already dulled from her gaze. “You will give this woman beneath me every credit you have ever earned.” she ordered. “I will give the woman beneath you every credit I have ever earned.” he replied robotically. “When you have done that, you will walk. Just walk, anywhere and everywhere on this planet’s surface. No food, nothing to drink, refuse it when offered. You get nothing but to walk. Until you die.” Ren stood back, he needed to let her make the demands. This was her qualm and her time to show her growth. Whatever seemed fit. “When I have done that, I will walk. Just walk, anywhere and everywhere on this planet’s surface. No food, nothing to drink, refuse it when offered. I get nothing but to walk. Until I die.” “Tell no one about this once I’m gone and after you’ve given the credits to Yesha.” Yesha is the Twi’Lek’s name, Rey found that out for herself in all this. She could feel her thoughts too, she was scared and exhilarated all at the same time desperately trying to understand what was going on above her. “Tell no one about this once you’re gone and after I’ve given the credits to Yesha.” That was the final demand. Rey drew in a sharp breath and held out her hands to Yesha. The woman was reluctant, Rey waited for her to be comfortable enough to trust her. Yesha gave in and let her finally help. The man had a name, Rey refused to acknowledge it the entire transaction of his credits to the Twi’Lek. Yesha’s eyes watered at the sight of the growing numbers in her credit account, Rey watched her handheld device over her shoulder. Ren kept a watch over the man. “That’s almost fifty thousand credits!” Yesha exclaimed. “May you never struggle again.” Rey assured her. Yesha smothered Rey in an all-consuming hug of tears and laughter “Thank you! Thank you so much!” she cried. She skipped off and away down the nearest alley. Ren let his grip on the man loosen. Rey’s happy mood came to a halt to address the man for the last and final time. “Heed what I’ve told you.” her eyes tranced. “Heed what you’ve told me.” “Let him go.” she told Ren. He more or less shoved the man down the walk. And he hell did he walk. Doing just as he was told. “Well done Rey. This is a proud moment.” Ren commended. “I don’t feel proud,” she looked to him “I wanted to kill him. Where’s the pride in that?” Chapter 17 : Hiatus Hey all, as you’ve noticed my updates have been sporadic and etc. I’ve decided to put this story on hiatus until mid to late October. I did not anticipate the amount of homework this year as this for some reason is the busiest year of my college life. My writing style is also part of it, a scene or event pops into my head, I write it out then add everything before and after. I get behind when I do this and I just really need to get ahead and stay ahead. I’d rather explain this predicament in a chapter so you can all read it! Stay lovely lovelies! Notes: Chapter 2 will be posted later tonight and YES, Rey will get to meet the beloved General Hux.