(Hux has a private audience session with Snoke. Hux proudly begins.) I was raised a hawk, now I feel like a lamb Fearing for my life cause he’s lurkin’ in the pen Oh no, he’s a big bad wolf It’s turning to a phobia and there’s no escape He’s constantly on edge and cannot obey Too late, it’s our turn to pay I, you, he Never call that a team He’s just a big baby, clinging on your teat (gagging) Oh, well, see (apologizing) That image was mean Gotta shave my head and convert to a priest (Hux recovers and resumes to his main point.) Frenzies and the Fo-o-orce, they don’t fit And the mo-o-ore you force it The bigger you fa-a-all And soon you’ll know Ren is a fraud! ( Snoke is bored, but Hux carries on with his story. ) I wanna settle down and have some drinks It’s hard to have a window When he’s busy throwing fits How fine, to have a little time Minutes fly and I’m having a blast ‘Til the Hux is needed and I ain’t pass To fess, I knew it never lasts Far too still That sounds too good to me Don’t stop, dammit and don’t ever check your rear! Left, right, here Then I almost scream And I’m the first to jump when Ren laughs in my ears (Hux is visibly shaken at this point, but Snoke remains uninterested.) Unhinged and fla-a-awed, he stalked me Now wa-a-arps my tonsils and makes me mo-o-oan “I’m sorry, Kylo!” Crazies and the Fo-o-o-rce, they’re unfit And I wo-o-on’t rest until I will sho-o-ow He’s just a boy Once and for all!!! (Snoke sighs, still bored, and he reveals his true identity: he was Kylo all along! What a surprise! Hux gasps and continues.) Come to think I should better check my fleet I haven’t got the time for a proper talk and tea (Kylo steps in front of Hux, threatening; says the following.) You won’t leave How come you don’t wanna mix? I prepared for a show That you’d never want to miss! (Kylo Ren chases Hux.) Fences and wa-a-alls, they won’t shield Like a bo-o-oar he hunts me To make su-u-ure I won’t blab more (He catches the General.) (Hux finishes the song with an indifferent look, while Ren is busy wrecking his shit.) Fingers and the no-o-ose I won’t need and the to-o-oes are ugly So let them fa-a-all and count them all (sighs) Slashes and blows.