It's been a couple of weeks since Finn woke up, and he's recovering slowly (to Poe's delight). After what felt like forever, he's been discharged from the med-bay, even though he still has to go back for check-ups every week to make sure the medication and treatment was still working. He can just about walk now, even if it exhausts him to move too much in one day, but, bit by bit, he was getting back to normal. But because he could only walk a short distance, he hadn't been given an important role in the Resistance just yet, but he had been promised training, a job, and a place to stay in D'Qar, so he really couldn't complain. However, this meant that he had a lot of spare time on his hands, and not a lot to do, and he felt guilty for pestering Poe all the time, even if he did visit him every day without fail. He spent a lot of his days exploring the base, taking great care to not go too far in case he became too fatigued, and was often accompanied by BB-8. He suspected that the droid was sent to keep an eye on him, but he lets him tag along nonetheless. Meanwhile, Finn had met other important members, as they had visited him whilst he was either in his room or wandering around. Even though he had met some of them before, he had spoken to Chewbacca a few times (or, more accurately, been terrified every time he tried to talk to him, as he never knew what he was saying), he had held a couple of conversations with C-3PO, and had even talked to Genera Leia. He spoke to Jessika and Snap the most, though, but that was mainly because they were Poe's friends, and thus, he trusted them. Yet, having so much time alone began to take its toll on him, as he started to wonder whether he had made the best decision after all. Ever since he was young, he had been taught that he belonged to the First Order. He had been brain-washed into believing that he would grow up to be a stormtrooper, and stay loyal to his leader, and for most of his life, he thought what he was doing was right, and that the information fed to him from his peers were true. His role in the world was to serve, to fight, and to die for what he believed in. Yet, when he watched all those people die during his first battle, something changed in him. He was the questioning type, and had been wondering whether what he was doing was right ever since he was a child, but it was like everything he was scared of had been confirmed, causing him to leave at the first possible opportunity. Yet, at least he had a purpose in the First Order. A role to play, a job to do. All of these things had been promised to him here, but the more he thought about it, the more he doubted it would actually happen. Here, he was a decoration; a trophy symbolizing that stormtroopers are weak-minded and will easily give up on everything they believed in. He hated it there, he truly did, and he found D'Qar much nicer, but was it where he truly deserved to be? Here, he had freedom, friends: two concepts completely new to him, but even then, he found it difficult to differentiate between what was right or wrong. He tried to convince himself that this is where he was supposed to be, and it was all worth the fight, yet a small part of him wasn't so sure, and Finn couldn't ignore it. He placed his elbows on the desk in front of him, rubbing his face exhaustedly. Taking a deep breath, he attempted to calm himself down and to act normal, even though he was unsure whether he was overthinking, or whether he had just discovered the truth. He vowed to never mention it to anyone, and to decide what to do whilst being completely alone. His train of thought was suddenly interrupted by a knock on his door, causing him to jump up in surprise. He walked gingerly to the door, opening it to reveal Poe, wide-eyed and smiling. He seemed cheerful, as usual. "Hey, can I talk to you?" He tilted his head, revealing him to look more tired and slightly anxious, behind his mask of always looking joyful. "Um, sure, is everything okay?" "Yeah, everything's fine," He wet his lips, shifting his weight between his two feet. "I'm just worried about you." The pair were inside Finn's room now, Poe carefully closing the door behind him. Ever since he came in, he hadn't moved his eyes away from Finn, as if he was scared of him vanishing out of thin air. "I'm probably over-reacting, or just looking into things too much, but I wanted to make sure." He ran a hand through his hair, finally looking away from Finn, but staring uneasily at the floor. Despite appreciating how much he cared, Finn couldn't bring himself to talk about the argument he had been having with himself for the past few days, as he knew how much it would hurt him. He felt like he was losing all of his senses; he didn't want to lose Poe too. So, instead, he forced out a fake smile to put him at ease. "I'm okay. I think I'm just a little tired, that's all." "I can't blame you, you've only just left the med-bay. I've noticed how much you've been walking lately, it must be tiring you out." Finn raised an eyebrow, suspicious and amused. "You mean BB-8 has noticed how much I've been walking?" Poe laughed to himself, blushing slightly. "I just wanted to make sure you were okay!" They both stayed quiet for a few moments, locking eyes, before Poe spoke again. "Plus, you've woken up from that hospital bed not knowing a huge amount about where you are, and only knowing a handful of people. That can't be easy." Finn nodded, surprised he was almost able to read his mind. It wasn't exactly what was going on in his brain, but it was the closest thing to it. "You're probably right. This place is pretty huge" Poe looked both smug and relieved that he had uncovered a part of what's wrong. Little did he know that it was only the beginning. But soon after, realisation dawned on him, and his face fell. "I haven't even shown you around yet! I've only introduced you to a couple of people- I'm so sorry! I promise I'll do more to help you settle in. I think you'll get used to this place soon, you'll like it better than... what you're used to." Poe looked at Finn with hope and admiration, placing his hand on his shoulder, doing his best to reassure him. "We should probably get going, it's almost dinner." Finn nodded, doing his best to at least look cheerful about going back into the mess-hall to make small talk with unfamiliar faces. Poe turned his body, about to leave, but something stopped him, causing him to look into Finn's eyes instead. "Are you sure you're okay?" "I'm fine, honest." It was like Poe could sense that he was just saying that to make him feel better, which was apparent in his uneasy smile. Yet, Poe didn't question him any further, as he knew it would be useless. Instead, he kissed Finn on the forehead, shooting him one last smile, and left, with Finn trailing at his feet. After Poe kissed him in the med-bay, he meekly smiled at him, biting his lip slightly. He told Finn that he was going to leave him to 'get some rest', and that was that. They had never really mentioned it again, even though it was obvious that they both had feelings which were far from platonic. Well, Finn had feelings for him, anyway, and from what he had seen, he was positive Poe felt the same. He had kissed him, that must have meant something, right? But there must have been a reason they hadn't spoken about it, did he regret it? He found Rey slightly attractive as well, he must admit, but after all that they'd been through, she was more of a sister to him than a lover, so any romantic thoughts about her was quite easy to forget. But now, he couldn't ignore how he felt about Poe, it was like he was the center of his universe, the only thing that mattered, the only thing keeping him here. Nothing like this had ever happened to him before, and dealing with these emotions was near impossible, and if he wasn't thinking about the past, he was thinking of Poe. They were more than friends, but they were definitely not in a relationship; they were sat in a dark space in-between, ready to fall either way, yet both of them were too afraid to make the push and do anything about it. When they saw each-other, they filled the time with cheek kisses and flirtatious remarks, which everyone by now had noticed and rumors had begun flying around, and it hurt to deny them. Finn was pretty sure that he was falling in love with Poe, and was growing tired of being stuck in the middle with him. "Hey, Finn?" He was sat in the mess hall waiting for everyone to arrive back at his table, but he wasn't eating anything. Instead, he was idly pushing it around with his fork, staring at it. At the sound of a voice, he looked up to see Jessika sitting down opposite him. She look behind her, as if she was worried about being overheard. "Are you and Poe a thing yet?" She whispered, before taking a bite of her food. Finn looked at her confused. Even though he'd been here a while, some of the things they said still bewildered him. "What?" "You know what I mean," Jessika sighed. "Like, together, in a relationship." "Oh." Finn quickly looked down at his food, as he felt his cheeks heat up. "Come on, it's obvious!" Snap sniggered, taking a seat next to Jessika. "I see the way he looks at you, and you're telling me you're just friends." "We are just friends, you're both over-reacting." Finn forced himself to eat a small portion of the food in front of him, which he decided was another thing better here than the First Order. He couldn't bring himself to look either of them in the eye, but he could just about see the pair share an amused look. "You look at him the same way, Finn. There's no way that something isn't going on bet-" He was interrupted by an elbow to the stomach from Jessika, causing Snap to stop talking immediately. "What was that for?" Poe asked, looking suspicious and intrigued. "Snap's being an idiot, as usual." Jessika retorted playfully. Poe sat next to Finn, which sparked a smile from the pair, as if everything they had just said had been proved. The worst part was, Finn knew he couldn't exactly prove them wrong. He did his best to distract himself from the negative and contradicting thoughts, so he began to explore D'Qar more thoroughly in an attempt to improve his condition, and to prove to himself that this is where he needed to be. Prior to this, he just wandered around the corridors which he had seen a million times before. All of the sights reminded him of the days where Poe would help him stumble and shuffle through each desolate hallway, clinging onto eachother, even when Finn no longer needed the physical support. Avoiding any restricted areas (unless he was feeling adventurous or reckless), he began to construct his own map of his new home. He discovered that the stars were more beautiful here than he'd ever seen before, and the sunrises were even more hypnotic. To make it even better, he had found a part of the planet which was almost always empty, and it gave him an amazing view of the sky above him, thus being his new place to think. Throughout his life, the stars gave him reassurance, hope, determination. But now, when he finally had control of his life, his emotions, his decisions, he felt it slowly slip away from him. Ever since he was a child, he was oppressed by a leader, forced to live his life in a certain way, but now; he was free. There are no officers barking orders at him anymore, no more pressure to be perfect, no more superintendence. The new feeling of responsibility was terrifying; almost too much to handle, which led him to find it difficult to live a life of complete exemption, which, he concluded, why he wanted to return the The First Order, and why he still missed it. --- Realising this, a tiny weight lifted from his shoulders, but even so, a ton remained. He continued to waste his days sitting in the same spot for hours, and navigating the maze which was his new home. Every day felt like a repeat of the last, until a familiar face stopped him in the hallway. General Leia was stood in front of him, her smile warm and comforting, as usual. "Finn, I'm glad you're here, can we talk for a moment?" Her head tilted towards a room near to where they stood. "Yeah, of course." Finn replied. He was still slightly nervous to speak to her, despite all that they'd been through. He followed her into a medium-sized room, which was full of panels and lights, but in the centre was a large, long table with chairs on each side. Leia sat down on one of the seats, indicating for him to do the same. When Finn did sit down, he waited for her to say something, but she didn't. She just sat, observing Finn closely. After a few moments passed, she sighed, looking down at the table. "I thought so." Finn looked up at her, his hands beginning to tremble slightly. He could sense the slight disappointment in her voice, something he had gotten used to over the years, but it still frightened him, even now. "I- Is everything okay?" "I've seen those eyes before. You're lost, confused, unsure of where you fit in. You remind me of Ben, when he was younger." Leia smiled slightly, reminiscing about the days before he left. "The force took over him; dragged him to who he has become now. He's not the same man as he once was. But with you, it's not the force, is it?" Her eyebrows furrowed, as if she was trying to read him like a book. "It's them. Even after you escape, the First Order are in control of you. It's like they're deciding your life and your actions." Finn swallowed the lump in his throat, because as much as he didn't want to believe it, she was right, and despite the fact he would still ache to go back for a long time, he needed to fight the urge. "Don't forget why you left in the first place. Please, don't forget, don't lose control of who you are." There was no way he could go back. Not anymore, he'd come too far to give up now. He forced himself to believe that it was the right thing to do. "Thank you for everything, General." Leia was standing up from the seat, grinning enthusiastically. "There is no need to thank me, Finn, I'm glad you stuck around. Without you, we wouldn't be where we are now." Finn followed her out of the room, back out into the corridor where he started. Before she walked away, Leia turned around to Finn, an eyebrow raised. "Oh, and please tell Poe that you love him, its tiring watching you both stay quiet about it." And, after winking to him, she left. The weight of his problems remained at the back of his mind still, but now he had determination and hundreds of new reasons to stay: the place itself, the people the food, the overall atmosphere, but above all, he had to stay for Poe. When everything was unclear, Poe was there by his side, so he refused to leave him now. Yet, he couldn't help wonder how Leia knew about them both. He hardly ever saw her, but somehow she could tell something was happening. Was he really that obvious? This sparked hundreds of other questions and problems that Finn had no idea how to tackle, as where he was from, relationships were strictly prohibited, and his social skills were lacking anyway. But he was so much worse when he came to actual relationships, and the thought of being in one sent shivers down his spine, no matter how strongly he felt for Poe. He began to break down his issues one by one, slowly dealing with each one. He started with learning more about the resistance, and he thought that the best place to turn was the small droid which followed him around most of the time. But, to learn more about what BB-8 knew, he also had to learn the language. Finn was sat cross-legged on his bed opposite the droid, trying to decode all of the bleeps and noises. It took quite a while for him to get used to it, but he was determined to give it his best shot. He was able to understand quite a few nouns and verbs, but BB-8 was patient with him, giving him time to adjust to the new language. "All of this sounds the same... I swear." BB-8 repeated the order of beeps again, trying to say it slower. "Wait, does that mean 'good morning'?" The droid responded excitedly, sending an array of noises to tell Finn that he had got it right. Even though it was a small accomplishment, he felt like he was finally getting somewhere. They were interrupted by a knock on the door, causing the pair to jump. The door slowly opened, and Poe was stood in the doorway, beaming, making Finn slightly suspicious. "Calm down, it's only me." He mocked, closing the door behind him. "So you've not given up learning how to understand droids, then?" "I've only been doing it for about a week, it's not as easy as it looks!" Finn explained with a slight smile on his face, as he tried to defend himself. "I think I'm starting to get the hang of it, though. "You'll get used to it eventually." Poe was staring at Finn, like he usually does, but this time, he had an elated expression on his face. "Hey, BB-8, I think R2D2 was looking for you, you should go and see what's wrong." The droid stared back at him, confused, until it was like what he said finally made sense, and so, BB-8 left the room, leaving them both completely alone. "You must be really bored if you're spending all of your time cooped up in here learning a language. I mean, BB-8's great, but it's like I hardly see you outside this room." Finn smiled. "Well, it's pretty dull when you're not around, I guess." Poe tore his eyes away from Finn, staring down at the floor, biting his lip. A few seconds later, he spoke again, as if he had just made up his mind about something. "Luckily for you, I think I've found a better way for you to spend the rest of the night." Finn laughed nervously, as the confident smirk on Poe's face made him feel like this wasn't going to be an uneventful evening after all. "Where are you taking me this time?" "You'll have to wait and see." D'Qar was usually very quiet and lonely after dark, but that didn't dampen the pilot's spirits. Finn followed Poe for some time before he realised where they were actually going. Somehow, he had discovered the place which he spent most of his time, where he sat, staring at the sky, contemplating anything and everything. He'd walked this way many times, but with how busy Poe always was, it seemed impossible for him to know this. "Have you worked out where I'm taking you, yet?" Finn nodded in response. "I think I have, but how did you know this is where I always go?" In contempt to what Finn had just asked him, he stayed quiet, raising his eyebrow when he turned to him, giving him a small hint. A few seconds later, it dawned on him. "As much as I love BB-8, he annoys the hell out of me sometimes." Poe tilted his head back laughing to himself. "I can't argue with that." With every step they took, Finn grew more and more suspicious. "So, why are you taking me here?" "It's a surprise! You're not allowed to ask any more questions." Sighing, Finn accepted that Poe was stubborn and wasn't going to tell him anything, so he didn't ask for the rest of the time they were walking. "How are you holding up? I mean, you've been doing a lot of walking lately, I heard you've been exploring the base. Are you sure you're not straining yourself?" His eyebrows furrowed, and his eyes squinted, but nevertheless, he carried on looking straight ahead. Finn couldn't help but roll his eyes and smile at Poe. "I'm fine! The medication is working as it should, and I can now walk for quite a while before my legs stop moving. You need to stop worrying about me so much!" "I can't help it!" Poe mumbled jokingly, yet he was more serious than he let Finn believe. They carried on walking until they reached a bundle of trees on the outskirts of the main part of the base. It wasn't that far away from where everything took place, making it easy for Finn to walk to without him becoming too tired. It was almost always completely secluded and silent, except for when you can hear the engine of a jet taking off in the distance. "Okay, so since we're here, now will you tell me what's going on?" Finn asked, sounded slightly more desperate than he meant. "Just a little longer, Finn, then this will all make sense. Hopefully." They both sat next to eachother, their backs leaning against the nearest tree, their shoulders touching, even though there was a lot of space around them. Neither of them moved. "Basically," Poe began. "I wanted to show you how amazing this place can be. I was originally going to give you a tour of the base, but it seems like you already know this place well enough." He was staring up at the sky uneasily, looking disappointed and deflated. "When BB-8 told me about this place, I knew I had to take you there, and I knew tonight was perfect, but it's supposed to be better than this." Ignoring his remarks, Finn decided that the sky was the most beautiful he had ever seen it, and was in total awe of the sight above him, and the fact that he got to share it with Poe made him even happier. He sighed, still grinning nonetheless. He leaned over, gently kissing him on the cheek, causing him to turn a deep shade of red. "I have no idea what you're talking about, it's amazing. Thank you." Poe beamed up at the sky, shifting his gaze between Finn and the landscape above them rapidly. Finn sat amused, watching his thrilled face as he sat wide-eyed and astonished. At that moment, he was the only thing as beautiful as the sky. The pilot's head moved quickly to look at him, his hand gripping his jacket. "Finn, you're missing it! Look!" Once he did look up into the sky, he realised what had caused Poe to be so thrilled. The entire universe above him was completely clear, speckled with a handful of stars, which were spread out across the horizon. However, every couple of seconds, something dazzling darted across the night, and was gone as fast as it appeared. Finn was speechless. Never in his life had he seen something so breathtaking in his life, since it was rare that he ever got to watch the sky at The First Order, but he had definitely never seen anything like this. They mostly sat in silence, both in awe of the view above them. "Poe, it's... it's stunning. How did you even know about this?" "Well, I kind of keep track of the stars. I knew there would be a meteor shower tonight, I was just worried about missing it. I'm glad I could watch it with you." After saying this, Poe bit his lip, too scared to move his head away from the sky. Finn lay his head on Poe's shoulder, and they both sat there, peacefully and silently. "Poe?" "Yeah?" Finn took a deep breath, his heart beating a million times a minute. "I think I'm in love with you." Poe moved his head, so he could look down at Finn, yet he sat quiet, stunned. He licked his lips nervously, before cupping Finn's jaw, and kissing him. "I love you too, Finn." --- A couple of days later, Finn and Poe were sat in the mess hall, opposite Snap and Jessika. After exchanging nervous glances, Poe coughed quietly to grasp the attention of the people parallel to them. "So, we both have something to tell you." Poe announced, causing Jessika to snigger. This time, Snap elbowed her. "Listen, we all know that you're together. It's obvious," Jessika replied, once she had stopped cursing Snap. "Plus, Snap saw you both kissing in the hall the other day." "You said you wouldn't tell them about that!" "I had to!" At this point, Finn's head was on the table in pure embarrassment, but Poe couldn't help but laugh, looking slightly proud of himself. "I'm sorry. But we've both waiting for you to tell us for ages." Snap apologised, not being able to hide the smirk on his face. "We only got together a few days ago." Poe mumbled, causing Jessika to roll her eyes. "What took you both so long?" "Please stop, this is unbearable as it is." Finn muttered, only raising his head slightly. Poe smiled, throwing an arm around him. Once again, Finn and Poe had become the gossip of the entire Resistance, with even Leia stopping them both to congratulate them. Poe was able to pull Finn out of the mess he was in once again, bringing him back into reality, and making him realise what the world really is, and he couldn't be more thankful. The temptation of going back to where he was from soon disintegrated, along with his inability to walk. Even though he could never run for long periods of time again or ever be as fast as he once was, it was like he had made a full recovery. The First Order was once again a distant memory, and a nightmare he had no intention of reliving. Now, he was living the life he had always dreamt of, and, to make it even better, he was living it with Poe. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the See the Stars series Next Work →