hux had to say that he preferred these to the regulation-order shorts he usually wore. the fabric was soft and silky, and very very wet. kylo was lounging in a chair behind him, watching as hux fucked himself with his fingers. it was a nice sight; hux's ass up in the air, the dark criss-cross ribbon pulled down just enough so he could reach round and try and thrust his fingers in as deep as they could go. the dark grey of the stockings were a nice contrast to his flushed thighs, the wetness on them glinting slightly in the low light as hux shifted and whined. kylo didn't know if he was deliberately guiding his fingers in and out at the slowest pace possible to put on a show or if he genuinely enjoyed teasing himself; knowing hux, it was probably both. kylo watched as his knuckles flexed, hux's thighs shaking as he came, his ass rolling in the air a little. he was stupidly silent when he fucked himself; a few squeaks and possibly a moan and it was over. no wonder hux was always ridiculously uptight if that was how far he could push himself. kylo rolled his eyes, standing up to flip hux over. "you're wet, like a girl," he said softly, looking at the mess that had collected over hux's stomach. the panties had been reduced to a scrap of drenched fabric, the outline of the general's cock pressing through. "that's really hot." hux shivered underneath him as kylo gave him a once-over before smiling. "you've had your fun," kylo told him sweetly, grabbing hux's shoulders to shove him down to his knees on the floor. "now i get mine." hux snarled as kylo grabbed him and wrenched his jaw open before shoving his cock so far into hux's mouth that he hit the back of his throat. hux gagged, yelping as spit dribbled from his mouth and kylo began to thrust at a vicious pace, ignoring the strangled moans from the general as he looked up at kylo. kylo always liked hux the most from this angle; his eyes were filled with hot tears, burning blue. hux grabbed kylo's hips to steady him a little, trying to lick along his length, sucking on the head every time kylo pulled out momentarily, drool and pre-cum spilling from his mouth in a wet mess. kylo hissed in pleasure above him, hux reaching down to try and jerk himself off. he made a noise of frustration when kylo kicked his hand away and trod on it, cheeks burning at kylo's laugh. "you're really desperate, aren't you, whore?" and hux whined, kylo's thrusts becoming faster as he gritted his teeth. hux's jaw was starting to ache and his lips were numb as the tears from his eyes spilled down his face, kylo suddenly shoving hux's head back as he panted and pulled out. " fuck ," he breathed, and hux opened his mouth as kylo came on his face, panting for breath as his eyes fluttered open again. "you're soaked," kylo said, looking at the glistening pool of liquid that had collected on hux's face. kylo didn't understand why people suggested he visited a whore when there was a perfectly acceptable one serving beside him. he bent down slightly to wipe cum from hux's eyes and shove his fingers in his mouth, moaning appreciatively as hux licked it off eagerly. ren stood up, slinging hux over his shoulder to carry him over to the bed and drop him on the duvet, kneeling over him. "ren, please—" hux begins, and there's this look in his eyes, one that kylo knows too well. it's a look that says 'i want you, i need you.' usually, kylo would heed this look and take hux right there, but tonight he fancies a change. hux's expression slips into confusion as kylo hooks one of the general's legs around his waist, his other hand sliding over the curve of hux's ass - it's so pert and cute and kylo adores it - over the wet fabric of the panties, and kylo pulls them down carefully before pushing a finger inside hux. he finds it funny how hux wriggles and cries out, because he's not even doing anything - just rubbing over his prostate. "look at you," kylo chides softly, and hux whines. "covered in cum, hard for me, wearing the symbol of the thing you work the utmost to serve," his lips quirk into a smirk. "i wonder how everybody would feel if they knew you begged for my cock in you every night." hux cringes, blushing as he continues. "little whore general. does this get you off? do you fuck yourself, your hand around your throat, and imagine it's me?" kylo moves like greased lightning and hux suddenly gasps as he feels a lock on his throat, kylo's hand hovering over him. "like this?" the invisible grip around hux's throat tightens as he chokes out a sob. kylo's touch is harder now, two of his fingers thrusting inside hux. there's this vague wet sound when he moves them and hux can feel himself getting closer, closer, closer— kylo removes his fingers and the force and hux grimaced at him. "don't get cocky, brat," he says, sitting back and pulling hux into his lap, kissing his nose. he rips the panties off him and throws them onto the floor, sliding hux onto his cock and hux moans because finally, finally . he lifts himself up and down at a tortorously slow pace; his legs are too weak to move himself, and he hears kylo growl in frustration before grabbing hux's ass and slamming up into him. hux moans, louder this time, kylo's grip digging into him as he thrusts. hux's nails are digging into kylo's shoulders, deep enough to draw blood as kylo fucks up into him. he's twitching, kylo leaving dark kisses on his shoulders and neck, everything hot and bright and overloading. the tears in hux's eyes are from pleasure this time when kylo grabs his jaw, hissing at him. "you're a disgusting little cumslut. what are you?" "i-i'm a disgusting little cumslut," hux gasps, biting his bottom lip as every one of kylo's thrusts threatens to make him come. "good. and who do you belong to?" "you, r-ren, i'm – ngh! – a-all yours!" kylo lets go of his jaw, one hand wrapping around hux's cock to jerk him off slowly, and says, "do you want to come?" "yes, ren, please , ren— iwantyouiwantyouiwantyouiwantyou—" "you want me to what?" "i want you to make me come, ren, i want you to fuck me so hard i can't walk, i can't move, i can't—" hux sobs, his eyes desperate. "fuck— please , kylo!" there's a pause, and kylo says, "all you had to do was ask." and he thrusts up once and hux comes and he tilts his head back as his whole body goes limp and kylo fucks him hard through it, feeling his own cum hit his chest as he rides it out. kylo must have came at some point while he was busy experiencing pure bliss, because when he pulls hux off his cock, there's a splutch sound, and kylo grimaces — "oh, man. you made a mess." hux pants as he comes down, kylo tilting his head up so he can come on his face again. hux tastes some bitter, salty fluid hit his tongue, opening his mouth as kylo groans in pleasure, and hux is pretty sure it goes on his hair as well. hux wiggles his tongue slowly, savouring the taste, as kylo moves away, standing back to look at him. "dirty boy," he says, and it's true because hux knows it's true. there's cum painted across his chest, his legs, his arms, his ass, it's gummed up in his hair and across his face, dripping from him thickly and drooling from his mouth, mixed with spit. his cock is aching , his limbs shivering from overstimulation. hux knows this, and he loves this, wiggling his ass in the air weakly as kylo pets his hair, yanking it a little. he looks delirious, kylo thinks, hux's tongue poking out of his mouth a little and eyelashes fluttering, blue eyes half-closed. kylo holds the dripping, ruined panties on the tip of his finger as he looks at hux, still desperate. it would be a shame to throw these away; they were expensive. he thinks for a second, and drops them on the floor, jumping back onto the bed, his heart leaping at hux's happy laugh. it's not like they don't have other pairs.