Part of Me Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The x-wing’s fuel tank let out an unhealthy creak as it landed on the isolated runway. The ammunition capacity hadn’t been much better held together, and the red flashing on the screen indicated that one of the thrusters had been completely over used. It was about a two day job for repairing- two days that he didn’t have, he could be risky and get it done in a day at but even still that was pushing it. He took off his helmet with one hand, noting duly that it had also been cracked, and uses the other hand to wipe away some of the mist from his fogged windows. The view that greeted him wasn’t very welcoming. Seems like D’Quar wasn’t the only place to be deemed with such deadly rainfall, it appeared that most of the star systems had been cursed with the unpleasant return of the sudden winter. And Poe hated it, he cursed the rain that didn’t optimize his tanned skin. He nearly forgot to turn off the battered ship, probably should’ve been the first thing to do upon landing to save at least a half a tank of his fuel. He’d be rummaging through the old depot for hours to find a part decent fitting for the new X-wing model, which was ironically meant to handle a fight between a few old Tie-fighters. The battle was unexpected in fairness to the now battered ship but that wasn’t meant lightly, they really had come out of nowhere. He unlocks BB-8 from the holding compartment, careful not to touch the sparking wires loose on the control panel, and then makes sure he’s got a cloak over his head before he opens up the main window. He leaves himself vulnerable to the rain that pours over his head and the cloak becomes useless when the decant of water soaks through it. “Hey BB-8, buddy, you ok?” He calls out through the darkness and the little astromech lights up his way as he jumps down beside him. His little friend just beeps happily in response to his worry and rolls away almost too fast for Poe to catch up. “Hey, wait up!” He calls after the little droid who replies all to knowingly. Poe is refreshed after his shower, grabbing a towel from the rack at the side of the public bathrooms to shake his hair dry. It’s a refreshment after coming in from the rain, the sticky D’Quar moisture wasn’t like other planets but almost like sweat on the skin. It was no doubt a pleasure to feel his own skin again, dry and not covered in the heavy piloting gear, at least not for another few hours. He met Finn on the way out of the bathrooms, the man greeting him with a tight hug and a hand at his waist. It was almost intimate, like a couple returning from war. And Poe laughed it off when he mentioned it but Finn didn’t. “How’d the mission go?” Finn asked. He was attractively casual, dressed in only a tank top and a pair of brown slacks. He’d been training with Rey and Luke, wherever they were now, probably bonding over time that hadn’t spent together as father and daughter. But as Jedi, the three of them were barely seen outside of the occasional meeting with the General. That’s what made this time so dear to both of them. “I nearly got shot down by a group of Tie fighters on Shjaba, the place was in crazy rain too and my ships a mess, but, other than that pretty good,” He smiles lightly, feeling Finn’s arm heavy around his shoulder as they walk back through the halls. Poe figures they’re going to the mess hall to have the breakfast that he hasn’t gotten to eat in nearly three days now. The mission on Shjaba had been harsher then he’d made out to be. “..and I got the information for the General,” He continues passing a group of grinning fighter pilots. “I guess that’s all that counts. And you looking after yourself, of course,” The man is referring to his skinning figure, the weight he once held almost undermined by the fact that he’d been malnourished ever since the war had began to rage more violently, “You sure you don’t need me to come with you on your next rounds?” The offer is well considered, even accepted, but Poe knows he’s better off without getting involved in the hypocrisy the Jedi represent. And it isn’t just his opinion but word around the base, most pilots and handymen hate even the presence of the Jedi back on D’Quar, some think it’s utter bullshit, but Poe respects his friends and the people he’s grown up with. What he doesn’t respect is the emotions being Force Sensitive makes you go through, the bundle of feelings that triggered Ben’s pass to the dark side of the force. “Thanks for the offer Finn, but I think I’ll pass on this one. It’s just something that I like doing alone.” Finn isn’t dispelled from his offer even with the rejection, hoping that Poe would at some point change his mind. But he doesn’t, not wanting the Jedi at his side through a battle that he could easily win on his own. The walk to the canteen isn’t a long one, rather short when he’s got Finn to chat too. And the man asks him all about what he’d done on the mission. Suddenly curious about how he managed to escape the First Order pilots. Poe didn’t brag (at least not at lot) when he told the story of his dashing escape. It was cruel in reality, he would’ve been dead if it weren’t for his impeccable quick thinking and initiative. Finn was in awe at how he told the stories, and when they sat down to eat their bowls of fruit (nothing else looked appeasing to Poe’s tastes) he told Finn of before the fight between sides began, before the First Order even escalated to what it was. “...And General Organa was so relaxed, she had Han and Ben, the three of them together. And when my mom died she adopted me into their family,” He sighs from the sweet memory of him and the small boy Ben was back then, a child of almost three years his junior. And Finn watches him as he reminisces about his childhood. “Ben was a good kid and he was a brother to me,” He wonders then if Finn can look into his mind like Kylo Ren did. He didn’t know if all Jedi, or Dark Jedi for that matter, could do that. He wasn’t experienced in the force like he’s friends were, the thought of focusing on something other than his flying career didn’t interest him. But, if Finn could see into his mind, then all he would see is memories of little Ben as Poe read him a bedtime story back when they were both much younger then know. It had to be at least thirty years ago, the last time he could remember doing that for Ben. “Luke told me about him before the whole...’collapse of the new Jedi order’, thing,” Finn tries to put it nonchalantly, “To bad he turned out the way he did, we could’ve had a nice Resistance cooking up with him on our side.” Poe laughs at the image of a young Ben in the orange and white pilot uniform that he detested -but Poe was sure he secretly loved it- and it makes him think of those possibilities. “Guess he could’ve been,” He says, oddly buoyant about it, “But I think we’re holding up ok on our own.” “We have been for the past few months, anyway,” Finn replies with a laugh. The subject changes a few times when Poe asks about Finn’s past and then Finn avoids it by bringing up Rey who eventually turns up after showering. And Poe’s nearly forgotten about the towel still draped around his shoulders. It’s a muddle of aromas with the three of them sitting next to each other. Two alphas and a clandestine Beta, and by ‘clandestine’ he meant really not understanding his own anatomy that well. But Poe could never blame him for that but the First Order for treating him like they did. Rey leads the further conversation, perky as usual and busy stealing fruits from their unfinished bowls and collecting them in her own before eating them. She reminds Poe of a small animal when she eats because she nibbles away at everything, trying each piece of outgrowth no matter how much they were disliked by everyone else. And she loved everything, which was a surprise to Poe for some reason, but then he reminds himself of where she grew up and in a way he understands being so desperate for food. “Luke says he wants to meet with us after breakfast,” She tells Finn rather late into their conversation, “About a mission, or something like that. I was too hungry to listen.” Rey shrugs her shoulders as if it wasn’t important anyway, and Poe noticed that she’d dropped calling him ‘master’ unlike before. “You know you can call him dad,” He hears Finn say to her under his breath but she doesn’t immediately respond, instead she just smiles up at them both, and Poe knows that she wants to change the subject. He doesn’t blame her either, awkwardness came in many forms and he’d learned that from general experience. He pushes away from the table to suddenly, like his eager to go had been heightened. “Hey, uh, it was nice meeting up with you guys but I got another mission to get to and a ship to fix. I’ll talk to you later if you haven’t gone on some Jedi training course, again!” It was overdosed in sarcasm but the toothy grin he gave was him trying to find the best way to say: ‘ I don’t know when I’ll see you again and If I happen to be shot down on my next mission then this is goodbye.’ And he gave that grin every time he left them, just in case it was his last. Usually it wasn’t but by now Rey and Finn had picked up on his thoughts and had dubbed it as the ‘goodbye grin’. It was their indication that Poe was going on a hard mission and he was worried about his survival. But they never reassured him, rather left him have his goodbye without them seeing it as such. “See you later,” Rey waved as he walked from the packing cafeteria, “Don’t be away too long!” He threw the towel into one of the washing baskets in his room and tapped his leg gently. As expected the astromech wakens from its powering station and rolls over to him like a house pet to its owner, and beeps enthusiastically. Poe bends down to rub its head gently with his free hand as he threw a new jacket over the broad of his shoulders. “You want to come and see the General with me?” He asks and BB-8 chirps excitedly, “I think I’ll take that as a yes.” It rolls out with Poe and never strays far from his walking pattern, swerving sometimes in-between people passing them by just to keep ahead. And Poe was walking without hurry, not stressing about the finished mission because he had all the information they needed stored in the small hard drive. It was a long undertaking for such little pieces of knowledge, but he supposed whatever the General wanted was good enough and must be somewhat valuable to their cause. And when they get to the meeting room Leia is fussing around with others, talking quickly to one person and then her attention fell to the next. She already looked stressed even though she hadn’t completed faced the pilot yet. But as soon as he steps inside the oddly humid room she turns her interest away from those calling to her. And the first thing Poe notices is the bags under her eyes, the sleep deprived stance and the look of overall fatigue. It’s odd to say, and it’s the first time he’s ever thought it, but she honestly didn’t look well. Not in the slightest, like she hadn’t slept in days and was calling to faint from the exhaustion. “Poe,” She says calmly, not reflecting how she looked at all. The pilot shifted uncomfortable, trying not to listen to BB-8’s worried beeps and continued to play with the small information port in his hands. “General Organa,” He greets with a smile, “I have what you wanted.” He shows her the small data bank and she visibly rejoices when she hears the good news, “Oh Poe, that’s the best news I’ve heard all week! Thank you.” She said and somehow he knew she wasn’t messing around. BB-8 beeped stubbornly when it wasn’t praised so the General bent down to thank it too, knowing it wasn’t only Poe who did all the hard work (well mostly). Her face looked less tired when she was in the comfort of the two, rewinding her stress by BB-8 soft beeps. “Are you ok, Leia?” He asks and she sighs softly under her breath. “There’s been a lot of whispers about Kylo Ren lately,” She starts, voice hushed and solemn. “Can you do me a favour and walk with me?” She continues urgently and he obeys without question. The little droid follows him through the quiet hallways of the General’s chambers, the passages that were once filled with the cries and laughs of little children as Leia used to love her son having friends surrounding him. The only problem being that he wasn’t exactly a sociable child, he’d surrounded himself by only one or two close friends, usually himself and Chewbacca. It was always a drain on Leia to see her son so isolated. And she usually hated walking these corridors, a reminder of what happened clear in the hand prints left stained on the walls. One that Poe recognizes as that of his younger self. They rest in a secluded room with a holographic table and a couple of chairs that he drags over for her to sit down. He follows suit, getting himself comfortable before leaning into listen, wanting to show his full attentive. BB-8 rests by his leg, powering down and relaxing beside him. “Is everything alright, General?” He dares to question when she prolongs her speech. She looks up at him with eyes filled with sorrow, a look of desolate creasing her features, giving an unhopeful glance at the port in his hands then at him. She looks defeated, in a uncharacteristic way, and it hurts Poe to say that he’s never seen her look so discouraging. “Word has surfaced that he’s been abandoned by Snoke. Others have said to me that he’s been used as a broodmare, and that once he failed to give birth to a healthy child he was discharged of his duties,” She says quietly, grabbing hold of Poe’s hand at some point for a boost of emotional support. “And you believe them? What these people say?” He asked but already knew the answer, the General wouldn’t have cornered him here if otherwise. “I suppose I have to look at all the possibilities. And If they have abandoned him I need to find where he is before he dies from frost or heat exposure. Or worse.” “I want to help you, General, but I have a mission. The First Order blockade will be lifting from the Coruscant system soon and I have to be there.” He tells her. She rests her hand just under her mouth, thinking about the schedules and who she could change to where. “I understand, Poe, that you want to do this mission but I think you going after Ben could be more beneficially to all of us. Could you maybe trade places with Jessica? Or Toli maybe? They’ve been longing to get out since Mon Cala.” “I can trade with Jessica,” he agrees, “Get Threepio to make me a list of possibilities and I’ll start searching once I get my ship fixed.” “No, Poe, there isn’t time for that. I have a list of coordinates already in my ship, take that.” He’s stunned by the offer. To take the Generals ship was like being promoted right there. A sense of pride and disbelief built in his stomach as he thought of flying the ship he’d wanted to fly since he’s been so young. The only problem was how worthy she was in battle. It was an old ship, probably in need of a few constructions because of its Empire worthy Modelling. But he was excited nonetheless, it was nothing he couldn’t handle. “Thank you, General Organa,” He looked into her eyes that now gleamed with the characteristic optimism. “No, thank you Poe,” She replies sounding forever in debt, “Now go, before it’s too late.” It’s not easy to take off in the rain but somehow he manages. The ship is easier to glide in then he’d expected for the rather bulky outside and shields it maintained. It wasn’t exactly a battle ship, more of a cruise liner, so before he went he took some of the guns from his worn out X-wings and fitted them onto the old ship. Just in case , he thought because the image of getting shot down played on reply in his mind. Otherwise the ship was easy to navigate through space, the hyper drive was fully capable of its job and powered through as he punched in the coordinates. “You kiddin’ me,” He curses under his breath, “They’re all in the Outer Rim.” BB-8 rolls around, beeping in happiness with all the space it’s given trying to get Poe to come away from the controls but he’s too busy looking over the list of numbers. There’s only three circled in red, the rest are left like they are, and one of the circled ones is surprisingly Jakku. The others are planets he hadn’t the privilege of searching before and that meant further caution and supplies. “BB-8, can you stop for a minute,” He scolds like a father to a child and the astromech whimpers out a little beep then cosies himself back into a corner, static. Poe turns back to the piece of paper, clearly ripped from something else, maybe a journal or a First Order Leaflet, either way he wasn’t sure how reliable they could be. If the rumours were true, if Kylo had been abandoned after giving birth then he’d be weak and possibly still bleeding. He’d die from exhaustion and blood loss before starvation or dehydration. He might already be dead if he’d been left out in the harsh climates for too long. The thought makes him unmistakably sickened. He eventually pushes back from the control panel when they are safely travelling through Hyper Space. BB-8 comes out of his sulk and tunes the radio when Poe asks him too. It’s all old tunes, ones from the time the empire ruled, usually war tunes that Poe hums along too, and others that he remembers Leia singing to him and Ben, ones that he recalled being from Alderaan. He rest back against the chair that was oddly comfortable -had to be for a former princess- and thinks about going back to Jakku. Sand . It’s the only thing that came to mind. He walks around for a bit purely out of boredom and curiosity. He finds the bed and takes it down from the place it’s been neatly stored and puts all the First Aid supplies to one side. If Ben was as bad as they described then he’d need a lot more then what he had. But he’d bargain for what he had. “Hey BB-8, run the scanners to see the best landing spot,” He asks once they glide out of Hyperspace with a small bump. He let’s go of the breath he forgets he’d been holding because there was no First Order Star Destroyers there like he’d assumed there’d be. If he was looking for Kylo chances are the First Order would’ve already guessed and sent their own in to counter the search. But luckily they weren’t the smartest of affiliations. The droid beeped back at him soon after doing a full perimeter scan of the planet. A small spot flashes up on his screen and he turns the ship to pursue the wanted landing zone. There’s no need to check in but he sends the ships number down to the planet’s officials to avoid being chased if things didn’t turn out the way he hoped. And Jakku is unusually quiet regarding ships today, it’s not in the peak for market season so the small trading posts are all shut down. Stepping out into its humidity is a break from the rain at least, and he tells BB-8 to stay with the ship as he grabs a blaster and hides it in his new jacket. He walks straight through the small town, noting that people weren’t bothering with the stranger and rather kept working through what had to be done. He looks around for what seems like too long before heading back to the parked ship. “Can you scan the outskirts for vitals?” He asks from the ramp of the ship and BB-8 does just that. He beeps sadly in return and it’s Poe’s call to leave the dessert planet again. He crosses Jakku’s coordinates off the list. He glides through more planets, crossing them off one by one when he found no need to explore. It was already nearing night on most of the planets and that meant he was losing hope. He finally punched in one of the last few coordinates, the Desqua system, and set course for Raslan, another planet in the far outskirts of the outer rim. “You ever think we’re going to find him?” He asks openly. The droid beside him chirps with optimism. “What do you mean you got a feeling about this place?” He questions with a smirk, “I’m pretty sure you’ve said that about everywhere we’ve gone.” But the little droid isn’t disheartened, spinning around excitedly as he waited for them to come out of hyper-space. When they do, he does another scan, picking up life forms but not as many as Poe thought there’d be for a planet he thought inhabitant. He sends in his ship number but doesn’t get a reply to say he’s been granted access so he goes in uncharted, hoping that it wouldn’t rebound on him later. BB-8 stays oddly close to him as he lands by the mountains. The planet is overdosed in snow, much like the depths of Hoth. So landing wasn’t tenuously easy. He found that the ground underneath him was mostly ragged rocks and gravel and the lack of other ships meant not people had ever tried to do what he’d done and by that he meant land successfully. The windows of the ship had been fogged in the troubled landing and he finds himself having to flinch to find something that isn’t white. But he’s been prepared for all weathers and throws on a heavy furred coat over the jacket and takes down the goggles that he’s used back on his quick stop to Tatooine. “You think it’s just Nomads here?” He says as he bundles himself with extra layers. BB-8 chirps in agreement, settling down in the heat. “I’ll be back by nightfall at least. Turn down the heating until I say so, power’s already losing as it is.” He’s not entirely prepared for the cold that hits him when he ventures outside. It’s harsh on his skin through the layers of woollen clothing. The storm that comes out of nowhere keeps him quivering by a cave until it disappears into the nightfall. And he suddenly remembers the stories he’d been told by Han of when he went to rescue Luke on Hoth and he regrets not paying attention to how he’d done so well even in below freezing temperatures. But at least there’s some warmth in the small cave and he props himself against the wall until it’s safe to venture outside. When he does there’s a group of Nomads setting up camp by a mound of freshly laid snow and he debates going over but figures it’d be best to stay low. He’s read about the native Raslan people, the way they prefer to be alone and settled away from the afflictions between the Resistance and the First Order. They’re right to do that, Poe respects their singularity. So when they have their backs turned he sneaks away from them and uses his scanner again to pick up life forms other then there’s. He gets a sense of hope when something flashes a bit out of radar. “BB-8, turn up the heating,” He shivers as he says it and follows the weak signal. It’s another cave, he sighs to see it but it’s also a relief, knowing that this may as well be the end of his journey. He hits the lantern by his side for the light and courses inside, carefully noting the footsteps and the pink sludge at the tip of his boots. Pink because it’s had been mixed with the redness of someone’s blood. And if this wasn’t Ben then Poe wasn’t sure who he’d stumble across. His surroundings darken as he nears a point in where the cave opens some and there he lays eyes upon the black mess slumped in the corner. There’s blood, too much to be healthy, and the person who it’s coming from is wilting against the ground, his head in contact with the icy flooring. Poe runs over almost too quickly. “ Ben ,” It falls from his mouth when he realises that he’s remotely unconscious. He shrugs off his coat, quick thinking in his worry and wraps it around Ben who barely acknowledges who is touching him and why. With a closer look he examines the marks on the younger’s neck, brushing a finger over where he looks like he’s been choked and gripped. There’s jealousy that rises unwillingly in the pit of his stomach when he smells another alpha on the grounded omega, it only gets worse with the postpartum smell that is still on his skin. “C’mon, let’s get you out of here,” He mutters against the isolation of the cave walls. Kylo, or Ben, grunts as he tries to lift him. He’s got the extra weight from his past pregnancy, the small bump still covered by black robes dangling heavy from his otherwise slim figure. Too slim, Poe adds, trying to adjust himself and Kylo so that the omega wasn’t hurting in his arms. It takes a moment for Ben to settle, rolling his head in against Poe’s face and burying it there. “BB-8, I got Ben, you start up the ship and I’ll send you the coordinates,” He shouts slightly because with Ren in his arms and the cave being so small it had started to feel like the world was closing in on him. He tried to keep the cold out of his mind as he retraced back out of the small cavern and luckily the astromech was there waiting for him outside, the General’s ship lighting with heat. “Get the General!” He called out to BB-8 and he rolls away to activate the hologram message. Waiting gives Poe the time to examine, and before he can do anything he has to take of the piles of robes stuck to his skin by the dry blood. It’s a burden knowing where to start but he notes dimly that these aren’t the sae robes he wore as a privileged Knight of Ren. These were more domestic, less complicated but a lot tighter on the Jedi’s once growing figure. And he worried for the baby suddenly, and what Leia meant when she said he ‘failed give birth to a healthy child’. Did that mean a still birth or simply a sick baby. Snoke was obviously not happy with whatever Kylo provided for him and it was a clear example of why the First Order should never have kept his Ben in the first place. His Ben. He wrapped some of Ben’s wounds, the most prominent ones and wrapped him in blankets upon blankets to keep his raging fever at bay. It was all he had time to do before the General had got in contact and even from half way across the Galaxy Poe could sense her worry. “Oh Poe, what happened? Please tell me he’s ok, that you’ve found him,” He voice cracks when she sees Poe first, clearly weak and unwell herself. “General, I’ve found him and he’s alive, faltering but I can get him back to base in time,” He offers, not knowing if he really can promise such a thing so early. “And the baby?” She asks gravely. “There was a baby but not with him. Snoke probably took it straight after he gave birth but...I, uh, I don’t even think it’s still alive, ma’am. You said it was born unhealthy.” She doesn’t talk for a moment but Poe can see just from her stance that she holds so many questions. “Just bring him home to me, Poe.” She says despite what she wants to, “I just need to see him.” Poe sighs softly, grabbing Ben’s hand that falls beside him and rubs it gently with his thumb. “For you General, you know I’d do anything.” Notes: Thank you for reading! I really hoped you enjoyed :) My work is bettered by comments so please write what you think, and Ideas would be great! Chapter 2 : Always be with you Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) He bites the inside of his cheek, a nauseas feeling, a gesture of his worry as the medics storm the General’s ship. More and more talk about the possibility of a code red, there were talks of Ben not surviving a single operation. His nails found home in the palms of his hands, forcing a pinch to wake himself from the drowse. He keeps his nails there until he sees her, wide eyed and worried, Han’s large jacket over her shoulders and Rey snug at her side. The Skywalker was in her battling gear -or Jedi robes if Luke had been around to hear- expecting to find a healthy Kylo Ren who was raring for another round of bloody battle. Instead she was faced with a cataleptic Ben Solo who lay limp in the arms of a sentinel, face peaceful but only because he wasn’t awake to feel his own pain. Poe felt the guilt Leia felt, a heaviness straining his shoulders as he walked down from the ramp. “I did all I could,” He offers, wiping his uncovered hands against his slacks, “There was just nothing else I could do.” “You’ve done everything I’ve asked and more.” Leia was smiling when she dragged Poe into tight but comfortable hug. The alpha leaned into her warm and kind scent, the omega aura long fluctuated to just a lingering smell of motherhood. She’d always been a mother figure to him, besides his own, the two held special places. “You’ve brought him back to me,” She mutters, head lost in the crook of his neck when he hears the shuddering breath of tears. “Just as you asked.” He wasn’t sure if Rey was meant to know of his mission through the depths of space. So he whispers it close to her, making sure it would be a secret between them and that everyone else would think it was a miraculous accident that he’d found Ben on his way to another mission. Leia pulls away almost too quickly; before he can ask if she’s okay and before Rey can even start to wonder about her red stained cheeks. She’s always taken sorrow in her stride, a remarkable strength for a women whose been through so much. “Come on back to my quarters,” She says as she straightens herself, “Finn has been waiting for you both.” He looks over at Rey whose not looking back, her eyes following the medics as they rushed away with the injured omega. Her cousin. Her enemy. The man she wanted so badly dead. And she was stubborn enough not to chase after them and just finish the job, strike him down when weak and vulnerable, a militaristic oppose. She walks beside him instead, wordless. It was only two days but it seemed like a lifetime away from the foothold of D’Quar. The planet glimmered brightly in the dawn of morning. They follow Leia, staying close behind her as they walk through quiet hallways. Finn is like an overexcited Lothcat when they get to the small living quarters and Han is sitting silently in the back, reading a governing First Order newspaper, The Order - a broadsheet praising the like of the falling new ‘empire’. It says nothing about Kylo Ren from the cover but what it says inside isn’t for him to judge, not for him to know. “Poe! I’m glad you’re back!” He realises that Finn has him in a fixed embrace, he feels his body crushed under the tough hands of a training Jedi. Rey joins in the reuniting hug and he wonders why he was so happy to see her too. “You were gone too?” He asks her as he breaks away from the short hold. “I went on a mission with dad. The First Order radar suddenly beamed in Naboo but there wasn’t anything when we got there.” “False alarm then?” He motions the questions at Leia and he can see her shift without comfort. “Something happened?” He asks again. “Nothing happened, we were just worried it would and then we would’ve had to call you back,” Rey tells him, “But it’s not a big deal now that you are back.” “We have you handy is what she’s trying to say,” Han finally speaks from the back. That’s what it always feels like, he leaves unsaid. It’s head wrecking sitting in silence when he needs to say so much. Like how the mission to Raslan went and how Ben was when he found him. But no one asks, not even Leia who’d been so eager to find him in the first place. Her son lies now in the medcentre possibly awaiting an operation or still being examined and they simply sat, waiting on the call to go down and be at his side, the call to say he’s still alive. He counts the ticks on the clock like time going past is nothing. Han says something that he doesn’t hear, Leia replies with a retorting reply. Finn and Rey settle done on the couch with him, all like tired children begging for sleep but wishing they could stay up for longer. Poe rests against Rey’s lap, his feet over Finn’s as Leia talks slow, her voice enough to lull him into a slumber . The girl above him plays carelessly with his brown curls, winding it into small braids and twisting it around her fingers. He falls asleep with that calming sensation; under the slight heat of D’Quar’s sun and the mutter of unrecognized voices. He feels only Finns eyes watching over him as he sinks in and out of his well needed rest. The comlink buzzes once, then twice then a third time before Han picks it up, grumbling curses. Finn and Rey were on the couch were fast asleep, tangled in each other, positions looking slightly uncomfortable but not enough for any of them to move or even try to. They were peaceful, Han would say. At least they were quiet for once. Poe was sitting beside Han’s worrying mate. Leia looked at him from the small kitchen, head stuck in heaps of files, estimating prices for ship repairs and new facilities for the base. Especially medical supplies. She’d mentioned only to him the possibility of a maternity ward in the medcentre. An idea born of quick thinking, when they thought Ben would bring home with him a child, or in the early whispers a pregnancy. The other ideas she had were more practical for their small base; like new equipment for the wounded who were heaved back from the battlefront. Less and less pilots returned from the war beyond the stars, even more came staggering back injured or with the inability to fly again. They needed more recruits but had no volunteers. They wagered now in warfare. “Are you going to answer that?” Leia asks abruptly, her pen hitting gently against the marble worktop. He sighs in sarcasm, trying to play it off as if that was meant to happen and he was always planning on just leaving it ring out for a few seconds. “ Yes ,” He mutters softly as he picks it off the coffee table. A blue image of one of the healers pops up, her face calm and not giving away any hints as to how the operations were going. She was a Twi’lek, an old friend of Ben’s before he left the base to train with Luke, and she was a saint to the Solo family even after all they’d but her through. Her sister had been at the Jedi temple, she’d known that Ben had been the one to slay them all and yet she had no change in attitude toward them. Han had great respect for her. “Andal, any news?” She shifts slightly, looking stiff in her posture, unusual for her. “I think I’d rather tell you in person,” She admits, wiping bloody hands against her apron, “The operations haven’t failed but he’s still ...unsteady.” “He’s awake?” Han’s eyes look for Leia’s. Desperate. “Not yet, we’ve just finished stitching some of his older wounds, so it’ll be a while before he’s fully aware of his surroundings. It wouldn’t be a problem if you could come down though? Just so I can debrief you on his current status.” “Of course,” Leia replies this time, “We’ll be down soon, keep working until we get there.” “As you wish, General,” She bows, light green lekku falling over her shoulders. “And Andal,” The older women says quickly. “Yes ma’am?” “Thank you.” Leia says, finally smiling. When the blue fades Han and Leia look at each other and then to the sleeping duo. It’s in Ben’s best interest that they keep them were they are, leaving Finn and Rey unaware of their disappearance. Poe follows close behind them, BB-8 trailing at his heel. They meet Luke on their way to the medcentre, searching around for Rey, passive in his attempts. He’s worried, eyes panicked when he couldn’t find the child he tried to hold onto so desperately since he’d found her. Leia touched his arm gently in reassurance. “She’s fine, she’s with Finn,” Han tells him, putting a hand through his blonde hair, greying now from so many years apart, “You have to stop worrying about her so much.” “I can’t,” He admits but he looks sullen in having too, “I feel like I’ve failed her. I’ve already failed Ben.” “How many times have I told you,” Leia warns, grip tightening on the muscle of his arm, “Don’t do this to yourself again. You didn’t fail Ben. You did everything you could to protect him. Snoke was too strong even for us together.” He doesn’t reply, rather looks for sympathy from his friends, the duo his safe place, his assurance. “Come with us to see him,” Leia continues, voice soft, appealing, “He’d like that.” When they get there Andal is standing by the glass doors, the only barrier between them and the patient. She’s taller in person, not taller than Han but taller than Leia and Luke, a child who’d always surpassed Ben until teenage years. She greets them with a smile, still without show of emotion, a play on their own. “How is he?” Luke asks with naivety. “He’s stable. Poe, you were right to tell us about the internal bleeding. Any longer and he would bleed out. He’s lucky to be alive. But I can talk more about that inside. Out here is too open.” They all agree and walk inside with heavy footing. None of them want to be here, each as scared to see a battered Ben as the next. Poe wants it to be a dishevelled nightmare, they all do. The pressure on Luke and Leia’s shoulders told them otherwise. Before they even stepped inside the virgin, unstained operation chamber the aura was undeniably unsettling. It pressured their heads, twisting energies inside their bodies and making innocent force bonds into a tangled mess of pain. Ben was screaming at them even in his sleep, already aware of their presence, wanting them to leave him in his desperation. Luke looks at Leia, the hand of flesh woven into her own. She doesn’t look at him, keeps her eyes on the pristine white tiles, noting the small drops of blood that have been left unclean. “You ok?” Luke makes sure to ask before the curtains to reveal her son are pulled across. She nods but Luke knows she’s lying, knows himself that the parents aren’t ready to see their son again, grown up. Leia’s first time, Han’s second. Seeing their little boy suddenly a man. He holds her hand tight as Andal pulls across the drape and they are faced with said man, cleaned from blood but pale and malnourished, with cheeks that held no colour. He looked almost younger then he had when he’d left the Jedi order; being deathly pallid had taken years off his face still dotted with the same beauty marks he used to be so embarrassed about. There’s a scar there that Luke hadn’t seen before, healed but newly bleeding, covering a majority of his right side. Other than that he looked completely retained, just as Luke remembered him being. He wore white robes, hospital garments, an unusual clash against his skin tone. It looked odd because Ben -even before becoming Kylo Ren- had the tendency for darker materials against his figure, the figure that was now lost by starvation and neglect. If anything Luke would’ve said that pregnancy had done no help to his already sick and thin frame. You could see the rips jagged even under the robes and his hip bones were just as bad. Cuts and bruises, strikes from whips and dark lines from restraints littered his body. Luke ignored the deep cuts on his wrists. “He looks bad, but trust me, he’s a lot better than when he came,” Says Andal. She walks back over to them with a clipboard in her hand and gives out a sheet of medical records. “I’ve compared his current state to the most recent record I could find,” She tells them, “You’ve obviously already noticed the significant drop in his weight, there’s also been signs of dehydration and undernourishment. Blood loss, of course. Internal bleeding but thankfully no major head wounds. He has an unhealed injury to the side -uninfected- and the scar on his face as of now has been fully sterilized. And not to forgot symptoms of hypothermia. There were also signs of abuse, enforcement, forced breeding and complications with a birth that hadn’t been performed under medical supervision. Burning to the neck and jaw area, internal bruising to his rips and some other bone damage, and external bruising to the knees, and deep scarring on his back. The list continues.” Poe reads over the rest of the list quickly, noting only the small words that seem to strike him grave. Rape, torture, mental annihilation, mind control, severe scarring. The worst were left unsaid. “He may enter a state of shock when he eventually wakes, he could even be unstable and react against our treatment. If that happens our best option is to sedate him until we are sure he’ll wake up unreceptive. With your consent, of course.” Han holds Leia’s other hand, squeezing gently and she holds back in an attempt to hold back persisting tears. She bit her lip between her teeth, eyes falling each time on her son and memorising each outline of his features like a stranger new to her. She was happy he still hadn’t grown into his ears, that maybe now it was something he wasn’t discomfited by. He still had his black curls too, curving onto his face, natural and bouncy just like the day he left them. “Do whatever you can to help him,” Han says to Andal as his arm wraps around his much shorter mate. She curves into him slightly, head resting at his chest. “Of course, sir. You be glad to know that I found no trace of a bond mark. He’s free from ever going back to them, that’s the good news.” The only good news, Luke thinks but he knows that one piece of hope is enough for his twin sister just as it was for him. He puts a hand to her back, rubbing gently, letting her mate do most of the comforting. When they are alone, just the four of them and Andal had excused herself, Leia broke away from the two men and closed the gap between herself and her son. She cradles him, holding his head only, whispering softly spoken words into his ear. An old lullaby about hope over the hills of Naboo. What she said their mother would’ve sang to them if she’d been round to hold them both. “I’m so sorry Ben.”She whispers and kisses his forehead. Once then twice, then again as her hand put loose strands of hair behind his ears. “My beautiful little boy.” She stays like that for what seems like so long. Just ignoring everything else but her son because he’s finally there in front of her after fifteen years of waiting. There’s a smile on her face and Poe knows it genuine. He keeps that image in his head as he sits down to watch over the omega when everyone else is in bed. It’s easier to sleep thinking of Leia happy, of them all happy. He relaxes into the chair across from Ben’s rest and falls asleep to the sound of soft beeps of machinery. Notes: I hated this chapter, I mean it should've been so much longer but I honestly couldn't. Hopefully next chapter will be better ^^" But anyway, thank you for all the lovely comments you give me, they really help :D Chapter 3 : Closer Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Having nothing else to do, Poe sat and watched Kylo until he woke up the next morning. The omega wasn’t startled at first like Poe had expected him to be. He was calm, collective, everything about him screamed Ben Solo. Perhaps he was waking up a revived man. That Kylo Ren had escaped into the air with all the medication that had been pumped into his veins. Maybe it was safe to say that Ben had changed before he’d even came here and that this was him finally able to see himself new and healthy and revitalized. But then he looked at Poe and he saw hatred. He didn’t exactly know what hatred felt like. He’d never hated anyone other than the one who took Ben from him, but even then he used the word ‘hate’ lightly. But this, well, Kylo’s eyes were tired, that was his first impression. There were dark shadows that stained his pale skin, making his eyes droop like he hadn’t slept in days. Then there was the redness of his complexion. He was feverish, shivering and then sweating, chattering and then shivering. It seemed like he couldn’t control his own temperature. Something was horribly wrong. ‘Kylo,’ Poe tried. He inched forward but not too much since Kylo looked as if he could rip him apart without stressing a muscle. But when he did Kylo wasn’t too interested in moving to kill. Fascinatingly, he moved away. Like a small animal he cowered, sheltering himself under the blankets that he’d slept in the night before. His own scent must have scared him because as soon as he was under the blankets he let a long and pained whimper. Poe watched him for a moment before deciding to speak. ‘Kylo,’ he started confidently, ‘please, I don’t want to hurt you. You’re safe here.’ But the omega -Ben, he had to start calling him Ben- didn’t seem to happy with his advance. So he called for Andal. ‘Omegas are historically fearful of their Alpha counterparts. The fight for dominance has caused a lot of bloodshed in the past so naturally, omegas became more submissive to whoever won the fights. Alphas, usually. That’s why Ben has altered back to a more primal and biological reaction to you. It’s completely normal after trauma, or a pregnancy without a caring Alpha, for an Omega to become hostile towards Alphas and quite possibly, in some cases, Betas also.’ ‘So I shouldn’t be worried?’ Poe asked. Andal looked over at her patient. ‘No, you shouldn’t be. But, if he continues on like that then I’ll evaluate him further.’ Poe followed her gaze over to Ben who was holding his stomach as if he were still pregnant. It was almost tearing to watch the devastation on his face when realised that something might have been wrong. However, he didn’t react the way a normal person would or how Kylo Ren would. He reacted as Ben. Reacting as Ben meant little emotion. He didn’t cry or scream or get frustrated, he sat there wondering what he’d done wrong without a single quiver of his lip or jerk of tears. ‘This is the fifth time he’s realised that his baby’s gone,’ Poe said. Andal didn’t look unfathomed. ‘Give him one or two days and he’ll realise. It won’t be easy,’ she said. He knew that already. ‘Just be there for him. Give him your scent as an anchor to show him that alphas really aren’t as bad as his hormones are telling him.’ ‘His heat is going to be a bitch,’ he said, crossing his arms against his chest. ‘We don’t have to worry about that for too long. It’s only been a few months, weeks even, since he’d given birth to the last baby and it was premature then we’ll have an even longer wait until we find out just how bad it is. But I want him to go through at least one heat just so I can see how stable he is,’ she told him. ‘Who are you going to get to help him through it?’ he asked. ‘Well . . . I was hoping you would offer to help.’ ‘ Me ?’ Poe asked, astonished. ‘Yes.’ ‘Seriously?’ ‘This isn’t a joke, Poe,’ she assured. ‘I really think you’ll be the best person for the job.’ ‘You want me to fuck him through a heat? No way, Andal. I can’t do that.’ ‘Why?’ she asked. ‘ Why ? Because he’s unstable, reactive. He could reject my knot, or worse, he could get pregnant.’ ‘Contraception, Poe, have you heard of it? And besides, once his reproduction organs have the go ahead, he’ll be on drugs to prevent further pregnancies. So there’s nothing to worry about,’ she said. He still hated the idea of having to use Ben, most definitely without his consent. ‘Why me?’ he asked, hands hidden in his coat pocket. He’d always done it out of nerves. She took a moment to answer. It was like she couldn’t decide whether or not she wanted to. ‘I talked to Leia,’ she paused when Poe sighed, ‘. . . and she said you two were close when you were children.’ ‘That doesn’t mean I want to fuck him!’ Andal rolled her eyes. ‘Let me finish!’ He nodded his head gently, allowing her the privilege to finish whatever painful memory she was about to bring up. She gathered herself again, giving Ben a quick glance before she turned back to Poe. ‘Leia said that you helped him through his first heat. That you were kind and gentle, a friend to him when he needed it. She said that when he cried you were right beside him. You offered to help him and he accepted you. I thought that it might be the same this time. Like old.’ He looked grave. ‘I don’t think he sees me as the aspiring pilot cadet anymore. We were young back then. Kind of stupid too.’ She sighed against her hand, turning back to her patient and this time she watched him for too long. ‘I’m not going to force you too,’ she said, her eyes still on Ben who had gotten up from his bed and started to prowl, ‘but just be there for him. That’s all I ask. He won’t get better without help.’ Poe realised at some point that he was reaching for the door and that Andal was stepping further away from it. She was leaving him. And suddenly he figured that she was trying to guilt him. It wasn’t so hard to do that either, he’d already been reconsidering just by her kind words. ‘Andal,’ he stopped her. She already had a smile on her face. He hated her for that. ‘I will be there for him . . . and I want to help him. So, alright, when he goes into heat, I’ll be the one to help him through it.’ She ran over to hug him, tightening him in a considerable grip that he almost struggled to get out off, let alone breathe. ‘Thank you! He’ll be grateful, just you wait!’ He shrugged her off and said, ‘He better be. If he kills me, you’re getting the blame.’ ‘I’ll gladly take it,’ she smiled and was so young when she did. Like her sister, if Poe remembered. When she left and Poe was alone with Ben, he walked back into the room where the omega had sat himself comfortable on his bed again. He looked to be in deep thought, or meditation if Luke was around, his brow was furrowed in concentration, he eyes sharp under their eyelids. He took a moment to consider how different he looked. He still held an unhealthy pale shade, attached up to many different coloured wires and blood streams, his hair was much longer then Poe had remembered. When he looked like this, silent and observing, all Poe could see was that little boy he once knew, playing around with him in the gardens. He cursed to himself as he walked in, further then he had the last time. He wanted to see how far he could go without startling the poor thing sitting in the bed across from him. ‘Ben,’ he said. It sort of slipped out. Too soon to realise that maybe he shouldn’t call him that name. Not while he was still recovering. Like he thought, Ben was silent, too grasped into his thoughts. Poe wondered what he thought about. Bad things? Good things? Memories of himself? Of them? Luke told him once before when he was still a young boy that a Jedi could grasp many thoughts all at one time and mingle them into one so that emotions weren’t distracted. But then . . . Ben wasn’t a Jedi, he was the opposite. So did that mean he was secretly suffering inside and Poe had no idea? Or was he better then the Jedi at controlling emotions? Poe had given up on following Jedi training techniques long after Ben was murdered. He didn’t see the point. He only wanted to know so that one day, when they had a family of their own, he might be useful. But, this was the harsh reality. ‘I can’t bare healthy children,’ Ben said. Poe looked up, the voice had surprised him. He wasn’t so much surprised that he’d spoken but just the huskiness of it. The way it could get so deep in little years apart. Fifteen years, he reminded himself. He went from a boy to a man in those years. They’d missed their prime together. ‘I wouldn’t ask that from you,’ he said. ‘Not after what you’ve been through.’ There was a pressure on his mind, like Ben was searching for the truth and Poe easily handed it to him. ‘I’m not lying,’ he continued. ‘I know,’ Ben said. ‘Then why do you keep looking for the answer?’ Suddenly, the pressure was gone, replaced with his own mind again. He tried not to remind himself of the time Kylo Ren was the one penetrating for answers he wouldn’t give. He still had nightmares circulating that time. Dreams of an alternative. If Kylo had taken off the mask and all that was there was Ben, staring at him with dark and murdering eyes. He realised that Ben didn’t answer his question and he understood why. ‘How’re you feeling?’ he asked instead. Ben looked . . . grateful. ‘I don’t like being confined and you smell horrific but it’s better than being back there.’ Poe was surprised at the positivity. ‘Andal said the smell thing is completely normal. Your scent is just going back to primary function.’ ‘Good, because honestly, you reek. It’s putrid. Almost like something died and-‘ ‘Alright, I get it! I smell weird!’ he pouted, ‘You’re not so pretty yourself.’ Ben wasn’t impressed. ‘I nearly died,’ he said. ‘Okay,’ Poe crossed his arms. ‘We’re even.’ ‘ Clearly .’ Poe rolled his lip between his teeth, watching for a reaction or for anything to show him that this was Ben and not just Kylo trying to mess with his head again. ‘You’re parents were here,’ he said, not knowing why. Ben looked at his hands, ‘I know. . . I wish they hadn’t seen my like this.’ ‘But when they see you again, they’ll see how much you’ve improved. Honestly, Andal thought that you’d go on a rampage when you woke up. She didn’t expect you to be so . . . so-’ ‘Like Ben?’ he asked and Poe nodded slowly. ‘I defected from the Order long ago. Once I denounced myself as Kylo Ren -- well, that’s when the trouble started. He’s not gone though, not yet. It’s a struggle I’m forced to deal with.’ ‘Well you have us now.’ ‘I do.’ For some reason, Poe thought, this was going too smoothly. Surely Ben wouldn’t have been able to get away from it all that easy, let alone talk to him as a friend again after all he’d done. He’d certainly have more guilt on his shoulders, more pain in his words. He warily took a step back, a precaution because where had the man gone from moments ago? The one that looked at him like he was death itself. ‘Ben?’ he asked again. The man in the bed looked up at him. ‘Poe,’ he answered softly. There was a pressure on his mind again, something building up and wouldn’t stop. Like water flowing over a glass jug. He saw Kylo’s mask, right in his face, interrogating him for something that he tried so hard to keep. The man behind it laughed at him, a sardonic chuckle, slow and drawn out and Poe suffered with every syllable. Then suddenly the man’s hand was beside his face, drawing the air around him to focus on just his neck and he choked. ‘Poe!’ Someone said, followed by a muffled ‘get the injection!’ and then struggling, so much struggling. He saw a haze of figures as he dropped to his knees. And then he saw a child. A child standing in the middle of a dark room. A child with brown eyes and curly black hair and a face streaked with tears. A child. Suffering. ‘ Ben . . .’ Notes: Okaaay sorry for not updating in ages, I was really busy with exams. but. BUT. have an update! Sorry for it being short ;-; Next chapter is going to get a bit graphic, I will be describing what happened to Kylo etc. so I'll but warnings on that. But thank you for reading, as always! (also my writing style changed A LOT) Notes: Thank you for reading! I really hoped you enjoyed :) My work is bettered by comments so please write what you think, and Ideas would be great!