There’s a child in the command center. How she got there Hux doesn’t know, and doesn’t particularly care to figure out at the current moment. That’s a matter for another time, a time when he wasn’t in the middle of reviewing last months spending analysis. He’s just gotten to the section that’s dedicated to cost of repairing rooms, droids, and data panels that have been destroyed. These instances can only be blamed on Kylo Ren, and if he hadn’t instructed the accountants to factor Ren’s tantrums into the budget months ago they would probably be running a deficit by now. Hux sighed, and resisted the urge to rub his temples in an attempt to stave off the growing headache that came from looking at datapads all day. The girl’s refusal to go with the two aids that were called up from the initiate training deck was getting increasingly loud and difficult to ignore. After another outburst broke through his concentration Hux finally gave up on trying to get work done and turned to study the scene. The girl was young, maybe six or seven. Her dark eyes were set in a glare, and she had a prominent nose that was somewhat out of place among sharp features. Her onyx hair was styled in a single plait down her back. And her attire was made up of leggings and a long-sleeved undershirt with a vest layered over the top. All of it black. The clothes were not the standard issue uniform that the initiates her age were required to wear, and he has no idea where she would have found them. Her fists were clenched at her sides and her face pinched together in unhappiness. She met the eyes of the aids without the hesitation most children had when faced with authority. They were trying to coax her into coming back to the training center with them, but she wasn’t listening to a word. She glared up at them. “I’m not going with you, I’m waiting for my father.” Great, apparently some of the older initiates were spreading rumors about their previous families coming to get them. The culprits would have to be found, but Hux would leave it to the aids to figure out that issue. He had bigger things to deal with than a misstep in child conditioning. By now one of the aids had noticed Hux eyeing the scene, and became increasingly insistent. She started to reprimand the girl, threatening to take away her leisure time if she didn’t come with them right now. The girl simply pouted and crossed her arms. “You can’t tell me what to do, you’re not my father.” “Yes we can.” “No you can’t!” The girl stomped her foot. Gods this child was one of the most obstinate he’d ever seen. This little tantrum was ridiculous, it was bad enough that he was forced to put up with Ren’s childish bouts of anger on a weekly basis he didn’t need to bear witness to anyone else’s. Out of the corner of his eye Hux noticed several items on the nearby desks shaking, and he made a note to inform engineering of possible issues with the artificial gravity. An exasperated yell brought his attention back to the issue at hand and he noticed that one of the aids had given up reasoning with the brat altogether and had called out for one of the stormtroopers lining the wall to come carry the girl out of the room for them. Finally. Maybe now he could actually finish his work. The girl saw the stormtrooper coming towards her and squared her feet as she turned to face him, her tiny hands pulled back and suddenly pushed forward at the air in front of her. And the room was brought to a standstill as the trooper stumbled back a few steps. Hux’s mind was suddenly spining as everything he had observed in the last few minutes came together to form an alarming image. The shaking items, the black outfit, the clear use of the Force, and a tantrum that was so reminiscent of… “I see you’ve been working on your Force push.” The girl whipped around at the sound of the modulated voice coming from behind Hux, and her tiny scowl morphed into a blinding grin as she took in the sight of Kylo Ren. “Daddy!” Oh fuck no.