Kylo Ren was nervous. Rey had gone to retrieve their son from the Resistance Base while he waited a considerable distance away to avoid unnecessary cause for panic. They would assume that he was there on behalf of the First Order and that would only result in further delay. They'd been making haste since meeting up on the previous desert planet and deciding what was to be done in regards to Snoke's pursuits. They came to the decision quickly after Rey's initial reluctance to trust him. For all she knew it could've been his intention to fool her but, as it was, she'd always been able to see right through him. He spoke the truth. Rey didn't stop to query him for whatever plan he'd concocted. Instead, she allowed the dutiful mother in her to take the reins until her baby was back in her arms. Ren wonders if she too had reservations in having him meet the child. It couldn't be avoided, of course but something compelled him to believe that, if Rey was at all against it, she would ensure that it didn't happen. However, the directness of her manner and unyielding determination to get her son to safety was enough to assure Ren that the need outweighed any grievances she might've had. As he sensed her approach, he felt a significant spark ignite out of nowhere. It was similar to that of his own and of Rey's. They each had their own unique signature, as it were and it was easy for him to differentiate between the two. This one however, was new and that's exactly how it felt - new and raw and undulating. His was sharp, precise while Rey's was fierce yet warm. This was neither - it drifted somewhere in between and by the Maker, it was powerful! The source was undeniably easy to pinpoint and yet, Ren couldn't quite believe that it had come from an 8-month-old child. How could he manifest such a keen ability at so young an age? To what limits would his potential reach? Was it any wonder why Snoke coveted him so? It was then that he realised why he'd been so nervous to begin with. Meeting this child; his son would serve to confirm the suspicions of his uncanny sensitivity with the Force. Rey had dreaded that truth all throughout her pregnancy - as he'd so often felt. Facing the reality was an entirely different experience and as Rey boarded the ship, Ren braced himself to do so. If only he were Force-blind. The closer they got to the centre of the ship, the more Ren retreated within him. Admittedly, the new father in him was frightened at the prospect of having to be responsible for the life of another. However he was going to manage this, he hadn't the slightest hope of knowing. What if he cried at the sight of him? As they approached, Ren could hear Rey cooing gently to a gurgling, seemingly happy baby. He was likely overjoyed to see his mother again after having been apart for over a month. She had been worried for nothing , he smiled to himself, recalling the expression of dread on her face before alighting the ship earlier that day. "What if he doesn't remember my face?" She'd asked herself out loud, forgetting momentarily that he was beside her. "No one could forget your face, Rey." He had offered with an endearing smirk. Her eyes met his after that and instead of a cold glare of distrust, she allowed her cheeks to blush slightly. They'd both been surprised by it for the same reason - he still had an effect on her. It was progress, Ren decided. Suddenly, Rey and the child turned the corner and fell into his line of sight. Kylo Ren didn't happen to remember a time in which he'd been at a loss for words. True, he spoke seldom but when he did have cause to speak, it registered as steel in the ears of his subordinates. Now however, his words were failing him at the sight of his son. A beautiful boy with her freckles and his hair. He glances toward Rey who is watching him intently. For what exactly, he isn't sure but he knows that it's partly to see his reaction to this perfect, perfect child they'd created together. For once, he didn't shy away from her scrutiny and allowed her to probe around inside his head. After all, emotions of wonder had overcome him in the past few moments. She wouldn't find much else there aside from the same feelings for her. He looked back at the boy who had yet to notice his presence. He was far too occupied with the loose strands of Rey's hair, toying with them in his small, eager hands. Ren took the opportunity to commit every detail, however minuscule, to his memory. The typical button nose and the faint display of freckles over its bridge; the full lips that were a mixture of both his parents'; his slightly curled, still short, near-black hair that billowed around the face of soft doe eyes that shone with marvel at this new world. They bore a certain inquisitiveness that could've only come from his mother. And yet, there was something else to be seen there; something deeper and far more profound. Ren didn't know that Rey agreed with his observation. In her son's eyes, she saw his father. At first glance, Ren decided their son resembled Rey most of all (for which he was grateful), but he truly was a perfect image of the love from which he was born. If he later proved to be all too sensitive with the Force, neither of them could possibly hope to condemn him. Ren wanted to ask what name she'd given him but, with his voice having eluded him, he daren't speak. Apparently Rey had heard him anyway. "Taren," she announced, beaming at the child in her arms who grinned widely in response to hearing his own name. "He was born in a thunderstorm." He wished he had his helmet at hand, that way he might perhaps keep her from seeing the tears swell in his eyes. "I remember." He hadn't been there, of course, but he saw glimpses of those precious, albeit frightful moments through her eyes. "We have to go," declared Rey sometime during his daze. "Right. Of course." He nodded after a moment to collect his emotions Rey was the better pilot and he therefore gave her the coordinates to their first destination in the Outer Rim while he took his seat in the co-pilot position should she require his assistance. To his surprise, she did and it wasn't until Taren was placed on his lap that he realised it wasn't regarding navigation. "Rey..." he started, unsure of both himself and the baby's attitude toward him. "I can't very well hold him while I pilot this bloody thing, Ben." That silenced both Taren and himself. Rey ignored her two boys as they gaped over at her. She just hoped that the baby wouldn't cry - more so for Ren's sake than her own. To be true, she'd been more concerned at how the man might react than the child. Had he ever held a baby before? Her best guess was no but if they were going to be together for a while, she intended to break him in as soon as possible. She wouldn't admit that the underlying reason was to have him be a part of his child's life in whatever capacity they were able. She stole a furtive, sideways glance at them as Ren tentatively adjusted Taren in his arms. She recalled only being so careful with him in the first week following his birth. Now, he was closer to 1 year than a newborn and was much sturdier; less dainty than he had been. She wondered when, if ever Ren might feel confident enough to hold him without fear of breaking him. Still, it was an endearing sight - one that compelled her to feel things she shouldn't; feelings she'd rather not. Ren knew Rey was smiling without having to look at her. Taren had neglected the usual infant shriek that signalled he was in a stranger's arms in favour of playing with said strange man's overly-large hands. He decided that, despite the circumstances, he could finally say he knew what it was to be happy. It was now his mission to ensure it would last. Notes: Initially, I was going for a name with connotations for rain but instead, I decided upon Taren: a Welsh name meaning Thunder: unexpected and powerful. I also think it's particularly Star Wars-esque. I hope you all agree. In other news, a significant time-jump is coming in the next couple of instalments so be prepared for that. Thank you for reading! Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 5 of the Grey series