Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Starkiller was gone and Hux was...displeased to say the least. He had spent the greater portion of his adult life sculpting both the planet and the troops who worked there into the most powerful weapon the galaxy had seen. And now it was destroyed. Reduced to rubble by another act of self-righteous terrorism. The resistance, or "New Republic" as they had been called, had managed to blow up two other weapon-based planets, Death Stars. But that did not make it any easier to cope. Perhaps they should have seen it coming. No, there was no perhaps about it. Hux should have predicted this. He should have seen their own weaknesses, analyzed them cycles ago. All it took was one rogue trooper and- Stop. There was no use beating himself up about it now. It was done. Starkiller base was gone, and his career was going to follow suit. Hux sighed and leaned back in his chair. Blue holoscreens danced around him projecting the rebel propaganda. The general mused that he had probably rewatched the Base being destroyed more times than anyone in the resistance. His eyes had long since glazed over to the sight of fireworks erupting in the sky, or the Hosnian system being reduced to dust. Finally, someone came to interrupt him. "General Hux," there was a voice from the doorway. Someone of insignificant rank, probably. Hux did not turn to face him. "Yes?" "Kylo Ren is awake," the voice hesitated and fear creeped into their words like ice. With another, longer sigh, Hux closed the glowing blue screens and stood. He brushed the wrinkles out of the plain black uniform and glared at the officer. "Thank you. You are dismissed," he said. The man, eyes like dinner plates, nodded briskly and skittered off. He tried with all his might to walk evenly down the steel hallway, but his pace faltered as he turned a corner. Ren had that unsavory effect on many of the junior officers, and Hux found it hard to keep them in check when they ran wailing from the Knight at his every word. Those who were able to stomach his presence were often promoted and given a pat on the back, but even they snapped when they had to deal with Kylo one-on-one. Take Lieutenant Mitaka, for example. A man who, up until he delivered some disagreeable news to Kylo Ren, had been a shining example of First Order ideals and behavior. Mitaka had remained in the infirmary for a week before he was given a discharge because he had become "mentally unprepared to deal with stress and violence in the workplace." In Basic: he chickened out. These occurrences, met with harsh retribution anywhere else in the Order, were beginning to become commonplace on the Finalize r. And they were giving Hux a headache. But really, what choice did he have? Whatever you could say about Kylo Ren, his interrogation skills were unparalleled and he could hold himself in battle. It was the matter of getting him to fight for the right thing that was so tricky. Instead of putting his "talents" to any respectable use, Ren had decided to chase a lullaby. Hux felt his lips to twitch into a characteristic sneer. The map to Skywalker. How revoltingly naïve. That's what had landed them in such a mess. A bedtime story told to an unstable man with daddy issues. Perhaps Hux would have the chance to give Ren a piece of his mind. The general plodded stiffly to the door. The buzzing din of troopers and everyday life poured in through the modest archway. Finalize r served as a makeshift home for many soldiers, and they seemed to adapt to it quickly and Hux was thankful for that at least. When he stepped out, troopers and junior officers recoiled slightly. They pulled away from him and avoided eye contact, skimming the walls like frightened fish. Strange. That sort of reaction was usually limited to Kylo or his "Knights of Ren" subordinates. Did they know? Was the entire Star Destroyer aware of how quickly his career as general would be terminated? His sneer deepened. That was not his concern. He had news to deliver and more importantly, hell to raise with Kylo Ren. There was no way Hux was going to allow his comrade's childish behaviors get in the way of his duties. If he did that, nothing would ever get accomplished with Ren around. So General Hux stormed through the steely walkways. His heels clicked against the floor and sent shockwaves through the crowds around him as they scrambled over themselves to clear the way. Troopers frequently jostled their armor against one another while officers tripped over themselves trying to murmur pleasantries at the general as he passed. It was an abysmal sight. When a trooper actually dropped his blaster trying to move out of the way, Hux's last nerve snapped, or almost did. He whirled on the soldier, stepping on the trooper's fingers as he reached for the blaster at Hux's feet. The stormtrooper turned to look up at him, fear evident even through his helmet. "S-sir...?" the trooper's voice was shaky. Two of his comrades stood by the wall, looking on with equal amounts of horror. All around them, people had stopped and were staring. Hux remained a cold, stoic silent for a long moment. His hands were tucked neatly behind his back which were covered by the long coat dangling from his shoulders. The general's tongue slid across his teeth as he contemplated a response. They were close to the infirmary now. Just two or so more stretches of hallways and a left turn. He could simply turn and leave without speaking. No one would come after him, he was sure of that. He shifted his weight off but continued to glare down at the trooper who quickly drew back his hand. Hux could almost hear him rattling in his armor as he cradled the throbbing fingers against his chest. "As you were, LB-7435," he snarled, taking a sharp turn back. The blaster skittered across the floor as Hux's heel slammed against it's barrel. The soldier scrambled to catch it, missing by a hair's width. With one more sneer, the general trotted off again. One more hallway....one more room...another turn and...there. WEST QUADRANT INFIRMARY ROOM 357 Hux sighed with relief and jammed the door's automatic release button. It didn't budge. "Please state your name and rank," the door cooed. Hux noted that they were putting extra security measures in place. "General Hux," he said, staring at the door with a bitter and slightly suspicious glare. The door didn't move. "Access Denied," it said again. This time, Hux found the soft melodic tone mocking. "On who's authority?" he snarled, his pitch rising. This was unacceptable. He was the highest ranking officer on this ship except- "Kylo Ren," Damn! Hux slammed his fist against the button again. "Please state your name and-" "Open this door, Kylo Ren!" the general hissed. He didn't raise it above the necessary level to reach pass the steel door, but it was simmering with hot anger. There was no response from inside. "Kylo Ren by the-" The door slid open. Hux took in an angry, rattling breath and gritted his teeth. Of course. How very Ren . A medical droid wobbled up to the doorway and made some form of mechanical gesture. Hux took it as in invitation to step inside. His coat billowed with cold, sterile air as he stormed past various shelves and cabinets filled with all sorts of medical vials and pill boxes. They looked untouched. Finally, Hux came upon the more living-oriented section of the infirmary. It was all a painful and glaring white, which made the creature sprawled out across one of the couches stand out that much more. He sat sloppily across the synthetic leather, shoulders hunched and spine curved into an unnatural hook. His legs were splayed wide and his arms rested over them. A mop of unkept and wild black hair tumbled over his face and neck. Ren did not turn to face Hux, nor did he make any other effort to acknowledge his presence. It was a charade they constantly played that the general was growing increasingly tired of. Hux would walk in, Kylo would say nothing. Hux would stand and Kylo would continue to say nothing. Eventually, Hux would clear his throat and Kylo would ask him if he needed something, as if he expected him to start speaking eons ago. But right now, Hux's patience was on a razor's edge. He would not play this tiresome little game. "You're awake," he said. The impatience was clear in his voice. "Thank you, General Hux, for that astute observation," Ren's reply was sharp and without hesitation but his voice was rumbling and almost exhausted. Even after a near death experience, he was ready to take petty shots at the general. "I don't have time for your games, Kylo Ren," the general snarled with a sigh. His hands fell from their near-constant position behind his back and crossed over his chest. "Then why, pray tell, are you here?" The sarcasm was acid. Hux gritted his teeth. How typical. "Starkiller base has been destroyed, and Snoke demands that you," Hux searched for the exact words, "complete your training." That got Ren's attention. He turned sharply, the hair that was so disheveled whipped over his shoulder. Hux suppressed a gasp. The scar was longer than he remembered. It stretched from the right side of his jaw, over the bridge of his nose before disappearing just below his hairline. Instantly cauterized by the saber, the skin had become a dark shade of red while the areas around it were pink and burned. Hux realized that Ren was lucky to have both his eyes. General Hux stammered as he searched for words when Kylo cut him off. "Is that all?" It made sense now, why he seemed to discontent and hunched, like he was trying to hide within himself (though his normal posture was hardly a shining example of good health.) The general recollected himself and let his hands fall back into their usual place. "It most certainly is not, Ren. Need I remind you that it was your impish actions that lead to the destruction of-" his voice was gone, and the air in his lungs. He felt pressure closing around his throat and his eyes shot daggers at the Knight. "If you have nothing else of import, General Hux, leave. I don't have time for your games." Had Hux been capable, he would have sent a scathing remark back. How impossibly predictable of Kylo Ren! Humiliating him with such a simple action before turning his own phrase on him. The general ground his teeth again. It was a wonder he had any at all after dealing with Kylo Ren for so many cycles. His lips parted in another disgusted snarl as he was forced to stoop low enough to shake his head, telling Ren that he did not, in fact, have anything of import . Ugh. What a prick. The pressure was gone as quickly as it came, and Ren lowered the few fingers he had moved to put Hux in such a restraint. It seemed to only add insult to injury that such an insignificant gesture was enough to silence the general of the First Order Hux coughed weakly. He rubbed his neck while continuing to glare at the creature before him. Distantly, the hissing sound of the door being released reached them. How impertinent. How this childish excuse for a man ever became something even remotely close to a Sith Lord was beyond him. The hair along the back of Hux's neck prickled, but he couldn't place why. "I'd be careful what you say, Hux. The walls have ears," Ren's voice caught him off guard. "Excuse me?" Ren gave a despondent shrug. Someone stepped through the door. The familiar clanking and jostling of storm trooper armor carried across the cold white tile of the infirmary. Phasma strode through the room until she was beside Hux, where she stopped firmly and turned to face Kylo (who had begun to stare off into space once again.) Hux caught a glimpse of something under her arm, but her cape moved to cover it too quickly. "Your helmet," she said briskly. Kylo said nothing. None of them moved. Phasma shifted in her silvery armor and produced the famed helm from the crook of her cloak. Kylo still did not turn. Hux could feel his aggravation simmer as the silence stretched into eternity. Self-centered. Arrogant. Childish. It was a mantra he chanted constantly in the Knight's presence. With each word he repeated, his anger grew. Kylo Ren was, if nothing else, a member of the First Order. And he should be made to act like one. He should treat other officers with the respect and dignity they deserved and not in the infantile manner he constantly employed. Were he anyone else, Ren would have been stripped of authority and thrown down the trash compactor for insubordination. It was appalling what he managed to get away with, and it was wearing the general thin. "Enough of your puerile antics, Kylo Ren!" Hux snarled, taking a step forward. His voice scratched like a bad comm-unit as he spoke, but his words retained their fury. Phasma stepped back as if suddenly aware of Hux's presence. "Captain Phasma has addressed you, and you will acknowledge her!" This was bad. Things with Kylo Ren were held together by a single strand. One small flimsy price of thread that could snap without warning. That's just how it was. Training and will power could only go so far, and it seemed, more times than not, he preferred to ignore them. Remaining calm and not allowing the Knight to get his way were some of the necessary efforts one must take to keep that string from breaking. Now, however, Hux had broken both of those rules. Ren turned back to look at him, for an excruciating moment he reacted no other way. Hux held both his breath and his ground, glaring down at the man. That however did not last long. Ren pushed himself off the couch and his shadow seemed to spread across the room. His shoulders, though still hunched, seem to encompass Hux as the man stalked up to him. Against his will, the general felt his pulse quicken and his breath shorten. Ren had the ability to make you feel like prey just by the way he looked at you. And even with the scar, the general's heart leapt into his throat. Suddenly he was close. So incredibly close. Close enough he could smell the burned flesh around his scar and feel the air draw away from him as Ren took a breath. A hand closed around his throat. This was a mistake. "Will I, general?" his voice was low, rumbling and...Hux felt his skin prickle. They were so close. "Will you make me?" Hux refused to let himself falter. He kept his hands behind his back and glared defiantly up at Ren. His jaw was clamped down hard and his lips were pulled into another sneer. "Get your hands off me, Ren," Hux spat, his voice raspy. "Your behavior is unaccep-" the hand clamped down harder and the general choked. Hux's hard gaze faltered as he struggled for air. Fire crept up his neck and into his hair-line. His whole body, in fact, seemed to be alight. As his weight was lifted into the air, Hux watched his own hand latch onto Ren's forearm. He continued to stare the Knight down but his heart wasn't in it. He couldn't think, and though his blamed it on the lack of oxygen, the general's mind was drowned in one thought. Kylo Ren. He stared into the burning brown eyes. Eyes that, despite their strange starved depth, were warm and almost gentle. Ren's lips moved. Apparently he was speaking, but Hux couldn't hear him. The edges of his perception went hazy and dark, which didn't help with his focus. Now literally all he could see was Kylo's face. By the stars, they were close. Ren spoke again and Hux watched his lips move with a blurry fascination. Then everything fell apart. Hux was on the ground, crumpled in a heap of silky black fabric. His throat burned like someone had shoved a thermal detonator into it, but his mind begun to clear. Then he was up again, propped against the nearest wall, held in place by a silver glove on his chest. Phasma. "-ou were going to kill him," she said sharply. Hux could see Ren give the same uninterested shrug from the corner of his eye. He watched the Knight snatch his helmet from the captain and mope back to his couch. "It wouldn't have been a great loss." Notes: So, a bit of an explanation as to Ren's attitude here. I'm not sure what percentage of the population has read the official Force Awakens book, but in it, there's a decent amount of dialogue and attitude changes concerning Ren (and a lot of extra scenes with him and Hux that I love to death). He's wordier, sassier and more-so impatient than he is just angry. I tried to follow suit within the first chapter here, having him be sarcastic instead of just stoic. If you're not a fan, fear not. He does return to a more characteristic state later. Also, in a lot of the fics I've read, Hux has seemed very emotionless and calculating. While I do love that in characters, I stray from that norm here, so just fair warning. He has his outbursts, both in the movie and the book, and I wanted to bring that side out a bit more. Kylo's already such a brooding and mysterious character, so I felt that making Hux seem more "human" would be a fun contrast. Anyways, thank you for reading this far! I do have the rest of the fic planned and I'm working on completing the last few chapters. I'll be posting one or two chapters here daily until it's all caught up. I hope you enjoy, it's been a lot of fun working on it and since it's my first fanfic I've ever come close to completing, I'm pretty stoked about it. :) Chapter 2 It was early. Too early. Of course on Finalizer , time was more of an abstract concept than anything set in stone. They could operate off of whatever star system they were closest to, or Imperial Standard, which was the more structured of the two. Time has a bad habit of fluctuating when you live in a Star Destroyer. Hux looked at the digital clocked that ticked in the corner of the screen. 0100 hours. That was early. But it didn't matter. He'd hardly had time to sleep anyways, or the motivation. It was only a matter of time until he got some notification that he was being impeached, or worse, called to executions for some bogus crimes committed against the Order. Likely the latter. It would help sate whatever bloodthirsty young cadet had climbed up the ranks of the Loyalty Officers. If you could count on one thing and one thing only, it was that Loyalty Officers were merciless and insatiable and always eager to spill blood. Hux absently checked the clock again. 0102. Humph. "You have: One : new message" cooed Finalizer , or at least the standard voice. Hux rubbed his eyes, squinting against the harsh glare of the holoscreens. He kept it dark in his office during the regular sleeping ours. Force of habit. "Read it," he barked. "From Lieutenant Rangar:" the voice paused then proceeded to read off a perfectly ordinary and perfectly boring letter from the officer, detailing the great effort put into the construction of Starkiller and how sorry he was for the great loss of life. Formalities. Spend enough time with enough First Order soldiers and you start to see patterns. Not distinct ones, but patterns. Small social cues that tell you what's coming and why you should be afraid. They were easy enough to point out as the letter continued. "We are overseeing the reconstruction of Echo Base, and I am pleased to announce that everything is on schedule." Hux leaned back in his chair. There it was. A switch from plural to singular. It's a weak attempt at creating the illusion of directness. That they were face-to-face. Whatever came next, Rangar was taking full responsibility. "However, it has come to my attention that Kylo Ren has departed from the Finalizer ," that's odd. A dead end. That trail would lead nowhere, "and with my men so understaffed..." Ah. "I am requesting that another legion of troopers be sent to Hoth and that those already stationed receive a pay raise." So that was it. A dirty move. Remind the general that perhaps his greatest asset and largest threat was gone from the ship. Create the illusion of superiority before a direct request. Clever. Strike fear, however subconsciously, within Hux that he would be unable to counter any threat, be it blackmail or mutiny, made by the Lieutenant. And with his career teetering on the edge already...he should be happy to comply. Again, the general looked at the clock. 0116. Ugh. The lieutenant was more long winded then he thought. Hux would need to make a quick counter. "Begin message reply," he said, "The First Order appreciates your concern, Lieutenant, however," the general paused," I am afraid that the reconstruction of Echo Base has been down graded to priority status level 3," Hux felt himself chuckle darkly. It was nice to remind others that he did in fact have control. "I will be sending a shuttle to recollect the resources allotted to level 4 operations. Thank you for your effort. The First Order is proud to call you one of our own. End message reply." - Alarms blared. Sort of. Hux's room was small, especially compared to the massive cavern Kylo Ren dared call living quarters, but it was his. The end of shift call trumpeted into his tiny room, bouncing off the walls like rabid Uugteen. What time was it anyways? 0500. Great. Less than four standard hours of sleep. Hux groaned and dragged a hand through his mess of hair. At least he would not have to deal with Ren today. Getting ready did not take long. Most officers wore a standard uniform. Plain black and neatly pressed, washed with a standard detergent and clean to a fault. It wouldn't be a stretch draw a metaphor between the clothes and the First Order itself. Hux pulled his hair back into it's neat part before slicking it back with gel. He caught his own reflection in the mirror and paused. He sneered and huffed once before pivoting on his heel and marching out, grabbing his coat and wrapping it over his shoulders as he left. Again, people recoiled when they saw him. How exhausting. Another day with his nerves whittled down till they frayed and sparked. He did not have the energy for this. Not by a long shot. Just getting to central command would be an endeavor in and of itself. Hux sighed and pressed the palm of his hand against his eye. "Sir." Hux lowered the hand and glared. Lieutenant Jace, a young willowy girl with detestable unique curly hair stood beside him. She returned the glare readily and without hesitation. Jace was Hux's assistant of sorts. "Yes?" Hux queried harshly. She said nothing at the general's biting tone. Instead she held something out. A holodisk, of an older model but Hux saw no point in bringing that up. She activated it and for a moment nothing happened. Older model, after all. Finally a blue figure appeared. He was dressed in the traditional First Order attire with a thick coat on for good measure. Hux recognized his wrinkled olive skin almost immediately. Rangar. Exactly what he needed right now. "This is outrageous!" the small hologram sputtered, clearly addressing Hux. "Down grading the rebuildi- why I never! Back in the Imperial days-," Hux waved a hand, telling Jace to shut it off. She complied, a grimace spread across her pointed features. "When did this come in?" Hux asked. "0400 hours this morning, sir," she chirped. The lieutenant quickly stuffed the disk into one of her pockets. Hux sighed again. He could feel the headache already. It was too early. "Very well. Schedule a meeting with Rangar and Finalizer 's Admiral," he was forgetting their name at the moment. "Have them discuss the nature of..." Hux searched for the word. Why was this happening again? Oh, right. "Of the downgrading. The admiral is well aware of the shortage of crew here. He'll need all help he can get," "She, sir," Jace corrected, rocking against the balls of her feet. Hux shot her another glare. "Yes," it was way too early. Silence hung in the air for a moment. "Will that be all?" she quipped folding her arms behind her back as she continued to rock. What an obnoxious habit. Couldn't she just stand still? "Yes," he repeated. Lieutenant Jace swiveled with remarkable speed before Hux grabbed her arm. She glared up at him, from a meager night of 5'2, with enough venom to kill a bantha. "Actually, no. Get me Kylo Ren," "Sir, he's training with the Supreme Leader. You were at the send off yourself." "I need to speak with him," Jace hesitated. Her gaze flicked to a pair of passing stormtroopers who were regarding the officers with a passive curiosity. "Sir, Kylo Ren has instructed that he remain undisturbed on his trip," she said finally, continuing to watch the soldiers march past. "Undis- who did he think would contact him?" Hux was bewildered. No one ever reached out to Ren except in emergencies. "Well you, sir." - Ren shoved him up against the wall, hard. His spine slammed into the steel with a resounding thud, but he didn't have time to react. Wide hands gripped at his throat again, choking him back. Suddenly, the pressure dispersed slightly. He could breath, but not for long. His heart caught in his throat as something crawled up his shirt. It was a hand, Hux realized slowly, Ren's hand. "R-Ren wha-" his raspy voice was cut off. Lips, wide soft and gentle, pressed in against his. Suddenly, Hux's body was on fire again. But it wasn't hot, just warm and inviting. The general felt himself lean into the kiss and he could feel Ren's lips pull back into a smug smile. Ren pushed him back against the wall as his hand danced across Hux's torso. Finally, it came to rest along his side. His thumb worked circles into the crease between his hip bone and the start of his abs. A shudder of lightning flew up Hux's back which arched sharply at each circle the knight rubbed into his skin. The other hand was no longer around his neck, but instead, it carded through his hair. Ren broke the kiss for a moment and both of them stood, breathing each other's air like hungry animals, panting heavily. Hux didn't let that moment last long. He wrapped his arm around Ren's back (which was suddenly bare. Huh...weird) and pressed him close again. He could feel the deep scars and gashes ripple over the Knight's body as they embraced again. Hux let his hand catch Ren's face and pull him in closer, though it seemed hardly possible. There was almost no space between them now which was fine by Hux. He wrapped his other arm around Ren's neck, using his elbow like a hook to keep him from wiggling away again. Hux felt Ren's hand shift, pushing back against his abs again. His lungs screamed without air but that didn't matter right now. He fell in closer to the Knight, he needed to be closer but suddenly: nothing was there. Darkness. Cold empty black. What...what? Where was Ren, where did... Hux snapped up. He was in his room, his small room. It was the middle of the night and Kylo was...still with Snoke. Right, yeah. But what the hell? Where did that, all of that, come from? It was...something he could not think about again. No, he didn't want to anyways. By the galaxies, no. It was a dream, after all, not some culmination of his deepest desires. Just the folly of an over worked mind. Still. Hux felt his hand reach up and grab his neck. He stared into the darkness. A dream. Everyone knew you couldn't control your own actions within one, but it had felt so very real. Even alone in his own room the general sneered. How cliché of him. Of course dreams felt real. Chapter 3 "Sir, Kylo Ren's shuttle has returned," it was Jace, standing in the doorway. Her curly hair was pinned back in something akin to a redjacket nest with sprigs of fuzzy brown hair poking out every which way. She still held her razor gaze as she rocked from foot to foot. Hux felt his hand clench around the table's edge. He closed his eyes, ground his teeth and took a deep breath. "His what?" he snarled. The general allowed his hand to loosen. This was not how it was supposed to be happening. Kylo was not scheduled to return for...Hux looked at the glowing blue display before him...another three standard months! He'd barely left. "His shuttle, sir," Jace chirped. Damn. Things were just starting to look up for him too. In the past few cycles, Hux had managed to back Rangar down and teach him a lesson. The lieutenant had been stripped of most authority at this point, and was left whimpering on some outer rim planet until he learned to behave. Akiva, or something. Nothing important. The officers aboard Finalizer were finally starting to look at Hux with some sense of respect now. Respect and fear. The way they should. "Very well," Hux muttered through clenched teeth, "have an escort meet him at the dock. And send him to his living quarters immediately," to himself, Hux added: "I don't need him destroying any more of my ship." Jace nodded sharply and spun on her toes. Too much energy, that one. Someone needed to break her. She strutted through the hallways with a strange pace. She always seemed angry with you. So Hux was alone again, in a spacious comm-center. Everything was the same dull matte shade of black, even the large holotable before him. The blue screens and his fiery ginger hair seemed to be the only sources of color. With a wave, the projection collapsed into the table, and with it, a ripple of exhaustion washed through Hux. He sighed. Perfect. He hadn't gotten much sleep last night either. Crawling into his bed would only result in one memory, and no matter how hard he pushed back against it, it wouldn't allow him to sleep. Alone, with the lights off and struggling to sleep, he could feel Ren's touch linger across his skin. If he was quiet enough, he could hear the Knight whisper in his ear. Every night it was the same thing. He'd jam a pillow over his head and pull the covers up as far as they could go, but it didn't help. His body still sparked with lightning and his head swam with the same images, stuck on repeat within his mind. Hux had resolved to simply not sleep. Better to get something done then simply toss and turn under his hot covers. And that had worked for a short time. He accomplished plenty in the wee hours of the morning. But nothing so simple lasts forever. Ren was back, it seemed. "General Hux, you have a message," Jace's voice startled him out of his thought, cutting sharply through the still air. She was using the intercom. "From who?" It was strange. If someone had a message for him, it was sent though Finalizer's communication. Someone, it seemed, wanted to speak with him face to face. "Kylo Ren, sir," Jace said. Her voice was quieter and almost raspy, like she didn't want to say his name. How delightfully impertinent. Of course he would demand to see him after blocking all communications. Hux gave a mirthless laugh. "No," he said finally, "I will not see him." Jace made a sharp gasping sound. She was clearly not happy with this turn of events. The lieutenant would have to be the one who delivered this news. Even she was not immune to Ren's...charms. "Sir, I do not think that's wise," she hissed. Something slammed just out of earshot, but Hux could hear steel banging together faintly. The general did not have the patience for this. "It's not your place to tell me what is wise or not," Hux was seething. His lips were pulled into a wide sneer and he slammed a hand down on the table. There was a moment of silence before Jace muttered something and clicked off the line. Hux sighed and brought his palm up to his face again. As he drew it back he noticed how his fingernails had been chewed to the wick. He huffed and let his arms fall back to his sides. The silence clung to him like industrial grade glue. It was suffocating and nearly impossible to think. Being general had its ups and downs. It's ups were impossibly high, but it's downs were equally severe. With the job came the glory and prestige of commanding an army and executing military successes across the galaxy, but one wrong move and those hands that had been applauding in your honor turned to strangle you. The masses were capricious and volatile, especially the masses of the First Order. Not to mention the fact that he hadn't actually been orchestrating any military successes as of late. And with the destruction of Starkiller...ugh that again. No one spoke to him about it, when they bothered to even make eye contact, except to offer their superficial condolences. No one mentioned that since it exploded, he remained a part of the First Order as a formality. The admiral had taken control of her fleet, and though she had the clemency to consult him, she made most of the decisions aboard the Finalizer. Phasma kept track of the soldier's movements and a legion of lieutenants kept close eyes on planets all across the galaxy. Hux seemed to be dead weight. A resounding bang echoed through the hallway just outside the comm-center followed by a gritted scream that was squashed in a sharp movement. The voice was familiar... "Hux!" the general's head whipped around sharply to see the silhouette of Kylo Ren hunched in the doorway. His mask was secured over his head, and the hood pulled up so far it almost smothered the whole thing in shadows. In his hooked hand, Lieutenant Jace squirmed, her eyes scrunched closed as Ren tightened his grip on her hair. The lieutenant seemed to lose most of her spunky defiance as she continued to struggle loosely. "General I-" she begun to say, but Ren twisted his fist back and she was cut off in another squeal. "What is the meaning of this, Ren?" Hux snarled. He watched Jace struggle with muted horror. "I requested a meeting," Ren growled with equal virulence. His voice had the sickly taste of distortion but retained all of its venom. "And I denied your request. I am a busy man, and I will not have yo-" "Enough. There are more pressing matters." "Not in the eyes of the Order, Kylo Ren," Hux's voice was harsher than he expected. His patience was thin enough without Kylo storming in and holding his assistant hostage. "Take whatever juvenile issue you're so determined to throw a tantrum over to Snoke. Perhaps he has time for your childish nonsense." Jace shrieked in Kylo's grip. Hux could see the Knight's arm twitch with rage as his fist twisted into a knot around the lieutenant's frizzy hair. "And unhand her, Kylo. She has nothing to do with this," Hux continued, hissing. He turned away from the table so his body was facing Ren. "Doesn't she?" Ren's words caught him off guard. The general floundered for a response. What did Kylo even mean? With a powerful movement of Kylo's arm, Jace was up against the wall. The sound of air being forced out her lungs was audible even from the distance Hux kept from the two. Jace sputtered to breathe, but with a twitch of Ren's hand she was pressed farther into the wall. "Kylo Ren!" Hux roared, horrified above all else. He took a step forward in earnest. Ren shot him a warning look from under his helmet. Hux stopped in his tracks. The Knight stepped towards the girl, and she screamed against some unknown pain. Tears begun to form in her eyes. "Tell him," Ren growled. Jace shook her head weakly, rivulets of water beginning to leak out. "Tell him!" the Knight snarled with more force. His other hand was balled into a fist, but Kylo's posture was tall and defiant. "Stop!" Jace cried, tears flowing freely now. "Please! Just kill me-he-he..." she broke into sobs. Hux looked on in horror. His stomach twisted watching the lieutenant squirm against some unseen agony. Sure, he had overseen plenty of Kylo's interrogations, but he had never actually witnessed them. Idly, Hux wondered if he would be sick. Ren's spine curled back and the general's stomach twisted again. Kylo was enjoying this. "Speak!" Jace let out an ear-splitting scream again. Two troopers materialized by the door, but seeing Kylo they backpedaled from the doorway and continued their rounds, muttering into their comm units that everything was under control. "Ren! What is the-" "I'm with the resistance!" Jace shrieked. She begun clawing at the sides of her head, trying to rip Kylo's influence out of her mind. "I-I was sent here as a spy! Please! Just kill me!" "How many of you are there," Ren continued his interrogation. "I don't know! I don-" another scream cut Hux's soul through. "I swear! They didn't tell me!" more sobbing. Hux's mouth went dry. He had no idea. And his own personal assistant... "What do you know?" Ren hissed. He raised his head higher as he continued to press into the lieutenants mind. "N-nothin-GAHHH-they don't TELL ME ANYTHING!" she pulled a hand away and her fingers were stained lightly with blood. Hux cleared his throat and chimed in: "How do you make your reports?" Both Jace and Kylo Ren turned to him. The lieutenant pleaded with her eyes, while Ren remained a passive wall to his words. When Jace hesitated to respond, he pressed a shaking hand closer. She choked on the pain. "Every night cycle I send out a coded message from a different comm station," her words were garbled with bleating cries of agony. "Impossible," Hux snorted, "we would have intercepted it." Jace shook her head weakly again. "The admiral, she by passes it." "The admi-" Hux and Ren exchanged glances. The lieutenant (or ex-lieutenant, Hux supposed) let out one last scream before her neck twisted at an inhuman angle. - "I have no idea what you're talking about, general," she cooed. "Don't play coy with me, Lotia. We-I know what you did," Hux snarled from the doorway. The admiral's quarters were more spacious than his, which he took note of, but no more luxurious. Admiral Lotia leaned against the wall opposite him with her hands across her chest. Her thin mouth pursed into a mirthless smile and she waved a reassuring hand. "I wouldn't lie to you, Hux. I haven't heard of any resistance messages passing through," she paused and widened her smile. Lotia cocked her head to the side like a confused starklebird. "Whatever your 'informant' told you, he must have been lying." "She, actually," Hux muttered. "Sorry?" Lotia continued to give her superficial grin. Hux shook his head dismissively. "She wasn't lying," he said, taking a step in. The general's hands were still crossed behind his back be he no longer carried the heavy coat over his shoulders. "And how can you be sure?" Lotia murmured. Her voice always seemed to be mockingly soft, like she was talking to a child. Hux opened his mouth to speak before a new voice echoed behind him. "Because I interrogated her." Hux nearly leapt out of his skin. He turned swiftly to see Ren standing behind him, no more than a few feet. He was wearing his mask, but no longer had the thick hood over it and his posture had returned to its sickle-like curve. Lotia's nonchalant countenance suddenly froze. Her eyes shifted between Hux, who looked equally as horrified to see the Knight, and Ren himself. "O-oh, yes. I see well-" the admiral fumbled over her tongue. Ren raised a hand and she fell silent. Hux glared at Kylo. "You are not supposed to be here Ren," he spat through gritted teeth. The general had made it abundantly clear that he was to be the one who conducted the interview. Kylo seemed to fancy throwing that idea out the bay port. The Knight did not answer Hux but instead took another step inside the room. With his long stride, he pulled up inches away from Hux. The general's muscles tightened. He didn't like this at all. "I am sure you are eager to defend the lieutenant. I know you two were...intimate," the last word rolled off of Ren's tongue with a wicked barb of amusement as he continued to speak to the Admiral. Hux tensed further. Lotia stuttered again and dropped her arms to her sides. Ren did not let her continue. "But the truth remains. You are a traitor to the First Order," the Knight snarled. Lotia froze again, her eyes widening. "Jace is dead." Lotia opened her mouth, stunned. Slowly, Hux watched as her confusion turned to fear, then sadness and finally, rage. "S-she's what?" the admiral shrieked. Her arms twitched with fury but she didn't move. Ren, too, took no action against her. "You killed her, didn't you?" The Knight said nothing. He only lifted his chin in contempt, as if staring the woman down. Hux stared at the two of them, terrified to see what Ren's play was. The general moved to speak but it was too late. Lotia reached for her blaster. "Admiral wai-" Hux tried to stop her. The sound of plasma cut him off. A shuddering red blade arced through the dark air and cut Lotia down in a swift, feral movement. Hux watched as words bubbled in the admiral's throat. She looked down to see a gash split open her skin before she collapsed backwards without another sound. The red glow was gone and with it, any of the menace that laced the air. Ren turned to Hux. There was a pause before the Knight set his saber back on his belt like it was nothing. Another day of work for Kylo Ren. "Ren what in the-" again, the general was cut off. "You're welcome," was all Ren said. Hux was stunned and furious beyond comprehension. "Excuse me?" he fumed, taking a step towards the Knight who stood over the admiral's body. Ren shrugged. "The admiral had taken over your fleet. I did you a favor." "By killing her?! You have some seriously twisted ideas of-" "You need to be in command of Finalizer ." "And you need to let me speak!" Hux took another step. He was shorter than the Knight, but only by two inches. But with Ren's mask, it made all the difference. Kylo stared down at him with something more than the passive curiosity he usually regarded him with. His head was cocked to the side but he held his ground. Hux waited for a rebuttal, but when none came, he cleared his throat. "It is not your discretion to kill off my senior officers," his voice was still dripping with anger, "and I will not allow you to interrupt my interrogations. Why are you back, Ren?" Kylo said nothing, but Hux was close enough to hear the sound of him draw in a sharp breath. There was a long pause before Ren said, thoughtfully: "No..." "Excuse me?" Hux sputtered. He glared the Knight down with a merciless and razor-edged stare. "No," Ren repeated with more force. Hux's last nerve snapped. Suddenly, he had the Knight's cloak balled in his fists and the two were up against a wall. Something was familiar about this situation, but the general suppressed it. He slammed his lower arm into the crook between Ren's helmet and his clavicle, pushing his vulnerable neck back like a knife. Ren's helm slammed into the wall with a bang, but he said nothing. "I will not be disrespected like this on my own ship," Hux spat, searching the mask for any sign of emotion, "you will respect me, Kylo Ren. Others on board may fear you, but do not confuse them with me. I built this order from the ground up, and I will not have you destroy it over some fairy tail!" Ren said nothing, he didn't even struggle (which alarmed Hux more than anything.) He simply continued to stare down at the general with an impassive face. After what was perhaps a heart beat too long, Hux continued. "And I certainly do not need your help," Hux snapped his hands back, releasing the Knight, who continued to not react. The general brushed off his uniform, swiveled on his heel and marched out of the room without another word. What perhaps the untrained eye wouldn't notice was the way Hux's heart beat a hundred parsecs a second, how his pulse raged his ears and how hot blush crept up his neck. Maybe they wouldn't see the way his hands shook as he scurried down the halls or the way his knees felt like giving out when he reached his quarters. But Kylo Ren was not an untrained eye, and he knew every bit of it. - 0200 hours. Another sleepless night in a long string of them, but this time, Hux didn't even try. He knew there would be no chance of easing his frayed nerves, no way he could stop thinking about what had happened that afternoon. He had been drowning his mind in work since then. But it didn't matter. His thoughts always landed on the same subject. "You have a visitor," chimed a voice. Hux looked up. His face had been buried in the crook of his crossed arms over his desk. Fatigue had driven him to such lengths, but not enough to make him sleep. A bright blue holoscreen materialized inches from his face, and the general squinted harshly, recoiling against the light. Shaded in light blue was the familiar and gut-wrenching mask of Kylo Ren. Weighed down by drowsiness, Hux pressed the intercom button. "You have an unsavory habit of turning up at the worst possible times," he said, not bothering to hide the sleep in his voice. "I knew you would be awake," was Ren's only response. "I wasn't talking about tonight ," There was a pause. "Let me in Hux," the Knight said finally. The general leaned back in his simple desk chair. His ginger hair was warped and twisted into an unholy mess stop his head and dark circles encompassed his eyes. But the general didn't have the energy for games. He opened the door remotely, a formality since Kylo could open it himself if he really wanted to. The Knight stepped in, but not before a half-beat of hesitation. Hux did not read into it. Ren was still dressed in his full cloak, even his mask, and did not seem to be weighed down by the mortal chains of exhaustion. Hux gestured half-heatedly to a chair in the opposite corner of the room, but Ren ignored him entirely, strolling over to the desk in front of the general. In a strange moment of weakness, it seems to Hux, the Knight sat upon the table top. Not entirely, but more-so he let his weight rest on it. It seemed off to the blurry-mind of General Hux. "Ren, why are you here?" Hux asked. Enervation pulled at his every word and he crossed his arms over his chest, still leaning back in his chair. "I needed to talk to you." "No," the general said with a sigh, "I mean why are you here," he gestured to his office, an extension of the ship, "on Finalizer. You weren't supposed to be back for three months." Ren turned away and stared at the wall. Hux saw his hand tighten around the edge of the desk. "Snoke sent me back," he said. His teeth were gritted as if he had to force the words out. "Why?" Another long pause picked at the already rising tension within the room. "Ren why-" Hux continued before the Knight made some jerking movement. The general watched with blurry horror as Ren unlatched some contraption from the underside of his helmet. The sound of vacuum seals breaking echoed in the small room and Kylo pulled the mask off. He set it against the table with a strange gentleness. General Hux was slightly taken aback, in his half-awake state, at the dark circles that echoed his own under the Knight's eyes. "I was distracted," was all Ren said. Though they were not present, sighs seemed to claw at the words. The general was surprised to hear the sound of Kylo's real voice again. He shuddered. "By what?" Hux sounded only marginally interested, but when Ren's face twisted sharply to him, his eyebrows arched. Hux could see the Knight's muscles writhe as he ground his teeth together, contemplating a response. A longer pause. "This is not the conversation I needed to have," he said suddenly. In a sharp movement, Ren stormed out of the door, leaving Hux to contemplate his response alone. In the dark. With Ren's helmet Chapter 4 : Interlude Notes: I have a few interludes around the story told from Phasma's P.O.V to try and give you a better understanding of the situation or answer questions you might have. They're shorter (sorry) but still, they're designed to help you/provide hints for upcoming chapters. As a side note, I always thought it would be nifty for Ren and Phasma to have closer (non-romantic) relationship than she would have with Hux, leaving him as more of an outsider. That's why she's a bit more eager to overstep her bounds here. Phasma remained perfectly still as Ren activated his Lightsaber. She didn't move as the jittering red blade acred dangerously close to her and crashed into the wall with a horrifying shriek. Violent sparks danced off her armor. The captain made no effort to stop him. She was no fool, despite what the General and Ren would believe. She was well aware of the thin thread that held the Knight's temper together, but she knew also to not try and snap his reins back. Like an unruly animal, attempting to wrench control back would cause him to throw his head and buck. Let him have his space and vent. He would return to his normal state eventually. "You do understand why this is necessary," Phasma said. She too was starting to grow impatient. This was the second time she had had this conversation, and the third she had watched Kylo throw a fit. Kylo growled. It was slightly unnerving to see and hear him without his helmet and when Ren turned to face the captain, she took a small step back. The Knight's scar took her by surprise. It was easy to forget about it when he constantly hid under his helmet. "I won't do it," he said. Phasma grew exasperated. "You don't have an option," she rebutted. The captain didn't have time for this. Running around and acting like Ren and Hux's babysitter was not apart of her job description. The knight growled again and sheathed the saber. "Hux wouldn't betray the Order so readily," he hissed. Phasma cocked her head to the side slightly. "You can't be sure until after you interrogate him." "I am sure now ," Ren took another step towards her. Phasma did not waver. She held the Knight's intense gaze evenly through her helmet. They were the same height, after all. "And the troopers?" she spoke. Ren paused. He recoiled away from her and threw his hand in the air violently. An exasperated and jittery shrug. It was a subject he did not want to talk about. His posture returned to a hook. "There are thousands of them on this ship. You can't possibly expect me to-" "I don't. I expect you to do your duty and interrogate General Hux," Phasma spoke sharply. She cocked her head to the side as she picked apart his reaction. Ren tensed. The captain knew she had overstepped her bounds, but she had some sense of security that the Knight wouldn't cut her down because of it. She was of significant value to the Order, and Snoke would issue some form of retribution if she was killed. Wether or not Kylo could recognize that before he struck or not... The Knight issued a feral growl. Phasma could see the muscles along his back twitch with rage and impatience. He drew a hand sharply through his hair and picked at the Lightsaber at his belt. The captain knew he wanted to kill her. "Leave, Phasma," he snarled. He still did not turn to face her. She shook her head. "Do the interrogation," she pressed. "You won't want me to," Ren said. His voice rumbled with some old wound. "Not after I've done it." "That doesn't matter. The Order demands it," Phasma said with a touch of finality. She turned sharply and marched out before the Knight could respond Chapter 5 It wasn't until the morning that Hux realized he had passed out almost immediately after Ren left. He awoke some time after the alarms, blurry-eyed, but surprisingly refreshed. For the life of him, he couldn't remember actually falling asleep. He was just suddenly immersed in a black abyss. Something caught his eye. The helmet. It was still setting on his desk, and in the harsh lighting, Hux couldn't help but feel it was staring at him. Eck. Creepy. He wanted to get rid of it. Ren's living quarters were in the same quadrant as Hux's office. It wouldn't be a long walk, and besides, the general would likely be spending another cycle locked in his room anyways. He didn't want that thing watching him the whole time. With a swift movement, Hux was on his feet. He snatched the helmet form the edge of his desk (which was surprisingly heavy, though he refused to admit it ) and pressed the door release button. Gas hissed as it slid up, but the general was soon in the hallway. Even the door to Ren's quarters were melodramatic. Two large doors (that actually swung on hinges) marked the entrance, and each was carved with intricate details of Sith Lords and other dark side paraphernalia. Hux pressed up against one, and was surprised to find it was unlocked and swung open with little pressure. Something about that struck him as odd, but he didn't have the time to worry about it. He stepped into the quarters, trying to ignore most everything that was happening within it. Deep gashes scoured most of the walls, and those that weren't destroyed had large cloth sheets draped over them. Another door hummed with security detail droids within the back corner, and though he was curious, Hux did not inquire further as to what it contained. Stiffly, and with pursed lips, the general strutted into the room. He took the helmet out from it's resting place against his hip and set it down roughly against the unmade bed that stood awkwardly against one wall in another, smaller room. At that moment, Hux wondered why he didn't have someone else do such a mundane task for him. As he walked back to the doorway, Hux felt like he was being watched again. He straightened the edges of his uniform and picked off a speck of lint before sniffing harshly and storming out. He was sure to let the heavy carved door slam back into place. - "You have a visitor," cooed Finalizer . Hux looked up from the small blue holodisk projection on his desk. Another resistance propaganda piece. The third this week. He was surprised to see Phasma's helmet in the security camera's display. Though her emotions were undetectable at any given moment, she seemed especially stone-faced. This was mirrored in the two troopers that steps beside her. Hux pressed the intercom button. "Captain Phasma," he said, trying his best to sound genial, "I was unaware we had a meeting scheduled." It was a lie. Hux kept a close eye on his planners and he would know if they had an appointment. "We didn't," Phasma reported. She shifted in her armor into a more aggressive stance. Hux's lip twitched. "There is some urgent business I must speak with you about." Hux grimaced. Wasn't there always? "Of course," he said simply. With a moment of hesitation, the general opened the door. Something felt wrong. Phasma and her attaché marched in and Hux's stomach immediately dropped. One trooper carried some official documentation, while the other tightened his grip around a pair of handcuffs. "Phasma what is the meaning of th-" he sputtered. The captain cut him off. "General Hux you are under arrest for crimes against the Order," she said. Her authoritative tone made Hux hesitate. "Oh," he said finally. He sighed. "I see." The general had predicted that something like this would come to pass eventually. He just hasn't expected it so suddenly. Though he would never admit it, he had begun to foster the hope that perhaps they wouldn't kick him out. He had been making progress. "Well," he said holding out his wrists, "let's see if you can prove it then." - "How did you sleep?" Hux jolted in his restraints. He hadn't heard the Knight sneak up on him. He tried in earnest to turn to look at him, but it was no use. He could tell in the reflection against the silvery steel wall that Ren stood inches behind him. The general blinked as he tried to comprehend his question. When he processed Ren's question, Hux gritted his teeth. What an impertinent thing to say. The general was shackled to a blood-stained interrogation chair, likely clinging to the last insignificant moments of his life, and Ren had the audacity to ask about his sleep? The general's lips twitched back in a snarl. "Explain yourself Ren. I have committed no crime." "I did not make the accusation, nor did I sanction any arrest," the Knight drew in a breath. He seemed equally as hard pressed to come up with a decent answer. "But please, do not mistake my question for being insincere. I am curious" Hux paused and stared into the reflection with a hint of horror, but mostly disgust. "Just get it over with, Kylo. I have nothing to hide," the general said finally. To his surprise, Ren begun to walk out from behind him, slowly at first, but he was soon in front of him for real now. Hux could see every inch of the Knight. "I have found that no matter who you are in this galaxy, you always have something you wish to keep hidden," Ren said. His voice sounded hollow and hardened, but perhaps it was the voice distorter. Hux got the feeling he wasn't talking about the First Order anymore. "Why?" Again, the general was caught off guard. What did he mean? Why did people keep secrets? He could hardly answer that deeply philosophical question in one sitting. "Why what?" Hux said at last. Ren let out a sinking breath. Hux shuddered in his restraints. "Playing coy is a waste of both our times. Dispense with the nonsense and we can resolve this issue in a more timely manner," the Knight rumbled. Impatience sparked from his words. "Why did you bug my helmet?" Hux couldn't help but guffaw. That was what they were charging him with? "Why would I need to do that?" he spat, struggling against his restraints as if to get at Ren. The Knight remained indifferent. "I am the Order's general and I have built-" "Built it from the ground up, yes," Ren paused, "you said. I asked myself the same thing. You had the opportunity." "But not the motive," Hux said, leaning back in the chair. He shook his head slightly as if in disbelief. To himself he added: "I always knew you would have been a shitty officer." "You blame me," Ren said. He did not move. Nor did time, it seemed. "Yet I have already told you: this was not my idea." Again, Hux got the sense that Kylo was not speaking about the charges. "I know nothing of your helmet, Ren." A pause. "We shall see," the Knight spoke, but his words seemed void of emotion or motivation. It was a practiced saying, one that had long since lost it's meaning. Ren picked at the edges of his right glove for a moment. Though it was impossible to tell, Hux felt like the Knight continued to stare at him, even when his gaze was clearly placed at his hands. Kylo peeled one thick leather glove off and let it hit the floor. The general's mouth went dry. Ren never did this. He always kept his gloves on. Another gauntlet hit the ground. Hux swallowed. The pain was bearable at first. Hux was a stoic man, and he knew how to hide his injuries. As the Knight sorted through his mind, the general kept a straight face and stared him down with a sneer. Ren lifted a hand. Agony lanced through him, and Hux's focus broke. He gasped before biting back down on his jaws. Blossoms of white-hot pain bloomed inside his mind, spreading their petals. The general bit back a cry. Without warning, Hux's body snapped forwards in the restraints. Ren's arm wavered with effort as he pulled the general closer. A rivulet of sweat dripped from Hux's hairline. The metal clasps tore into his wrists but it was nothing compared to the agony that chewed away at his mind. "I am disappointed. I had assumed the general of the First Order would have lasted longer," Ren's voice murmured. It sounded like he was impossibly close to Hux, and he realized he must have been saying it within his mind. Hux was snapped back into place violently. His head slammed into the hard metal of the chair. Against his will, the general let out a pained gasp through gritted teeth. Ren's posture straightened and he lowered his hand. The agony lessened and Hux's chest heaved. "Find what you're looking for?" Hux sneered weakly, continuing to pant. Ren paused for a moment before raising his hand again. The agony returned. "No," the Knight murmured. He seemed distracted and maybe even bewildered. The pain was sharper now, much more concentrated. Kylo was focusing in on something. Panic seized Hux's lungs as he realized it was a memory, a memory he didn't want to think about. Ren stepped closer and Hux let out another gasp. His back arched against the restraints but his head remained firmly planted against the chair. Kylo took another step. He was close now, and his bare hand was inches away. Hux could see it shaking with effort as he scoured the general's mind. By the stars, it hurt. Something clicked. Ren had found it. Without pulling away from his mind, the Knight reached up and clicked his helmet. Hux's stomach twisted with anxiety and he could feel his throat tighten. Ren pulled off the helmet unceremoniously and dropped it as soon as his hands fell back to his sides. Hux stared at him through his horror-filled and blurry mind. The scar made his stomach twist, but it had seemed to begun healing. The skin around the edges were no longer fringed and pink. "I can see it," he said. Again, the sound of the Knights real, rumbling voice send sharp shivers up Hux's spine, "your dream." Hux's entire body tensed like he had been set on fire. Suddenly everything was back. He could feel Ren's lips press against his and push him up against the wall. The general's heart faltered and he drew in a choking breath. Ren's face was inches away from his again and Hux could do little else but focus on suppressing the memory. His mind was blurred beyond recognition from the intense pain and focus. "Don't fight it," the man murmured. For the third time, Hux wondered if he was talking about the interrogation or not. "Ren that has nothing to do with this interrogation," Hux choked out. His voice was shredded from the effort it took but he said it with plenty of venom. Ren's hand came closer still. His whole body seemed to shake against with the power of the Force. The Knight's gaze was burning and intense as it bore into Hux's soul. Hux's body was slammed back into the chair. His breath was gone with a shuddering hiss and so was the last ounce of his energy, it seemed. The rest of the dream came flooding back to him, and Ren, blanketing his consciousness as he watch the images play out once again. He tried to break it, get back to his own body, but he was trapped. Hux watched as his own hands pulled the knight in closer. He felt Ren's warmth up against his body as they were pressed together. His mind shuddered. Suddenly, he was back. Ren's face was startlingly close and their noses almost touched. Hux stared at him with a bewildered expression until he realized that the Knight's hand was clamped over his chin. "You truly are a fool," Ren said. Chapter 6 Night time, or at least Hux hoped. His small quarters felt immensely smaller as he collapsed onto the cold dead floors. His body was wracked with shudders and shakes. Everything hurt. Hux felt like dying. He couldn't breathe as he pushed himself to his knees. The general clutched his torso like a lifeline but he couldn't stop shaking. Another tremor. He gagged and his already weak body threw itself forwards. He shook violently. Hux's palms grew slick with cold sweat and he couldn't hold himself up anymore. His arms gave out and he was back on the steely ground. He gagged again and tightened his grip around his stomach. Chills continued to run through his body as sweat dripped from his hairline. General Hux was a mess. His mind was no better. It was slow and sluggish, like it had been soaking in a puddle of sludge. Every thought sent spears of pain up and down his spine and every movement caused him to see stars. Behind his eyes, the general could still see the dream in snatches, spinning around his head like a broken record. Ren did this to people for fun. He put them in this intense pain and watched them flounder and beg for death while he got off on it. Hux's stomach twisted again. He remembered seeing Jace pressed against the wall, sobbing while she clawed her own face apart. The general was almost sick. Hux felt his throat begin to close as he recalled Ren's clearly pleased posture when the ex-lieutenant screamed her lungs out. He knew what kind of pain he caused, and he reveled in every second of it. The aftermath was no walk in the park either. What percentage even got that far, Hux wondered. It seemed like they were lucky not to. "You have a visitor," chimed Finalizer . Hux's stomach twisted again and he recoiled even farther into himself. No one should be here. Not now. Hux made no effort to respond as he tried to suppress the violent shakes. "You have a visitor," the ship cooed again. Hux made no effort to respond. He couldn't. "You have a-You have a-You have-You," someone was jamming the door repeatedly. Hux croaked. "Enough. Place my quarters on lockdown," his voice strained but he managed to say it in a small moment of mental clarity. Something slammed hard outside the door. Hux could feel the reverberations from the floor, and he shuddered again. Someone shouted. Another bang, and finally, a heavy and measured tread receding down the hallway. Hux was about to give up and allow himself to pass out when the footsteps stopped. His neck prickled and suddenly, his mind became clearer. His body continued to shiver uncontrollably but...he felt warmer. Calm almost. The general's mind reeled with suspicion. Ren, get out of my- Hux was gone. Into a black abyss. - Someone coughed. Armor rustled. Hux awoke with a shock. His body bolted upright, missing a hanging lamp by inches, before writhing in a fit of pain. The general winced and gripped his side. "Welcome back, general. I have been asked to give you a briefing," came a familiar voice. Hux turned to see Phasma standing against the wall like a steel rod. Not his wall, though, Hux realized slowly. It was white, pristine and without the cold atmosphere his own steel walls emitted. The infirmary. How in the hell did he end up here? "You must be confused," the captain said with a hint of bitterness slaking her words. Phasma was not used to taking such presumptuous actions. "We overrode your lockdown once Ren alerted us to your state." The general's eyebrows knitted. That made no sense. His room's security protocols were among the highest degree on Finalizer . They could only be overridden by a password of which Hux guarded closely. Something so irrelevant to his current life it would be unguessable, and hacking was hardly an option. How did they get- Kylo Ren. Hux gritted his teeth. Of course he must have pilfered through his mind when he was being interrogated. Who knew how many countless other details the Knight was aware of. The thought of Ren in possession of the minutiae of his life made the general shudder. "We found evidence of tampering within Kylo Ren's helmet. You were the only one with the mask.," she continued, unaware of Hux's state. Or perhaps she didn't care. "Yes, the opportunity," Hux croaked. He cleared his throat. "Ren told me. What I don't understand is how you fit in here, captain." Phasma shifted in her silver armor. Ah to work with people in masks. Always impossible to tell what they were thinking, but Hux was a skilled general. He knew how to read the small changes in posture and tone as his subordinates spoke through their helmets. "I coordinated the arrest," Phasma said, "I am responsible for the events that took place." "You're taking responsibility?" Hux queried. His eyes narrowed causing a slice of pain to bolt through his head. Phasma gave a singular sharp nod. Hux sighed. He remembered Ren being eager to push the blame from himself. Phasma stepped up and took it. "Very well," he continued,"I will take that into account." Phasma said nothing as she turned on her heel and marched out. The sound of her armor rustling grew fainter and Hux leaned back in his cot. Another spasm flew through his body and he gasped. He sunk farther into the bed. A medical droid popped up beside him. It chattered something about painkillers and Hux waved it off reluctantly. Painkillers would blur his mind, and that was not something he could have right now. His head spun. Too many thoughts, all focused around one thing, one man. Hux shuddered and his chest heaved slightly. He needed to stop. The general sneered and drew a hand through his hair. What a joke. How could he even call himself general anymore? Ren was right, he barely lasted a minute in the interrogation. And now, he had been humiliated, not to mention the state Phasma had likely found him in. Curled up on the floor, past out and shuddering with sickness. Hux's stomach twisted at the thought. What a shining example of power and authority. He sighed again and crossed his arms. Something black moved out of the corner of his eye, and Hux turned sharply, his heart skipping a few beats. "Re-" he cut himself off. There was no Knight, no sign of anyone. Just Hux's coat catching a cold breeze from an air vent. The general sucked in a short breath and closed his eyes. He tried to breathe deeper and let his pulse slow. The medical droid was back and chiding him for getting excited. How absurd. Excited. Hah. - Hux sat down on his bed. His new bed. With the admiral gone, his quarters had shifted. Different accommodations. At any rate, it was more spacious. Two days. He had made it two days without seeing, speaking or hearing from Kylo Ren. They were two full days though. He still couldn't sleep. Of course he couldn't. Every time he closed his eyes, Ren's face was centimeters away and his eyes were boring into his soul. Hux pulled at his collar. The temperature modulator seemed to be broken and it was way to hot in his room. With an awkward reluctance he shrugged the shirt off over his head. His room still didn't feel quite like his own. Hux let the uniform fall to his bed. "You have a visitor," said the door. Hux cursed under his breath. "Who?" he snarled. A holoscreen appeared near him projecting the faces of three stormtroopers. The general's eyebrows knit as he watched them shuffle uncomfortably. Hux pressed the intercom. "What?" "Sir, uh, Kyl-the commander wants to speak with you," one said. Hux glowered. Why send troopers? That was very unlike Ren. "Actually, general, he needed us to deliver something to you," spoke another. Hux's scowl deepened. "Very well," he said reluctantly. If he turned them away, Kylo would likely decide to come down here himself. Better to deal with his oddities than deal with him. Hux opened the door. The three troopers marched in. One in front misstepped when he say the general shirtless, but the two others shoved him out of the way. By the time it struck him as odd, the two soldiers had Hux by the shoulders and pressed him up against the wall. One held a blaster against Hux's bare ribs, stabbing it between two harshly. General Hux let out a gasp of surprise when his back collided with his wall. He struggled against the troopers, but it was two against one and they pinned his arms above his head. "What in the-" Hux hissed through gritted teeth but the third trooper popped out from behind the others and punched him in the gut. Hux's lungs deflated quickly. The third soldier took off his helmet. Hux didn't recognize him. "Heh, sorry general," the man said. He looked almost rat-like with thin yellow hair and a pointed nose. Even his voice was scratchy. One of the other troopers glared at him from under the helmet. "You're with the resistance?" Hux spat, slowly regaining his breath. "Nah, not really. But they pay good," the man said with a wide grin and a shrug. "You're not troopers." The rat-man let out a strangled noise that Hux could only assume was a laugh. "Nahh-ah! You'reuh funny, general. Naw we're bounty hunters," he snorted, "Damn good one two." Hux sneered angrily and thrashed in the other soldier's grips. They didn't budge. "Don't botha. You ain't goin anywhere with Borin on youruh tail. Nah-ah!" the bounty hunter laughed again, gesturing to the trooper on Hux's right. Borin, apparently. "So," the man continued, snapping his fingers, "heruhs the deal. The resistance is paying me a mighty fine sum for youruh head. But me," the man chuckled to himself, "Imma man uh mercy. I'll let you live- if you can beat their price." There was a pause "So hows 'bout it?" The blaster was shoved harder between his ribs and the general growled. He opened his mouth to speak but the sound of a Lightsaber being activated cut him off. A red blade acred through he air, cutting down with a feral movement. The bounty hunter tried to step back with a shriek but it was too late. The saber sliced him through like it was nothing. Rat-man fell to the ground in two equally ferret-ish pieces. Kylo Ren occupied the space where the hunter had been, his shadow looming over the other two soldiers and the general. Hux stared up at him, slightly perplexed but mostly horrified. Ren glared down at the two troopers, hardly acknowledging Hux, with an unrelenting malice. They barely had a chance to react before they were speared through with the sputtering red blade. The bodies crumpled to the floor with finality, and Hux looked down at them in horror. Something about the lack of blood only made their deaths seem more inhuman. "You're not wearing a shirt," Ren spoke suddenly. Hux's stomach dropped. The Knight was closer than he would have liked, and well, he was right. Hux wasn't wearing a shirt. The general swallowed hard. "And you're going to bruise-" Ren reached out suddenly and pressed his hand against the general's ribs, where the gun's barrel had been jammed. Hux's heart leapt violently and his chest shuddered. His mouth went dry as he stared up at the Knight. He could see the cogs colliding within Ren's mind as he gauged Hux's reaction. Hux hated himself. "Get your hands off me, Ren!" he spat, throwing his arms against the Knight's shoulders. It didn't matter. He hesitated. Ren could read him like a book. Kylo Ren took a step back, willing to give him some space, but his gaze remained preternatural as it rolled across Hux's torso. Hux felt his stomach twist again as his lips pulled back into a sneer. The general turned to walk away and grab his uniform. Something snatched his shoulders again and tugged him back in a sharp motion. He hit the wall with a sickening bang, followed by his head doing the same. Ren's arm pushed him up into the steel as he tried to speak. "Show me some respect, Hux. I just saved your life," Ren said. His voice was low and menacing. Hux felt his hairs stand on end as the Knight looked him up and down again. Ren was playing with him. He knew about the dream, how he had pressed him up against the wall the same way. Hux's heart kept beating faster no matter how hard he tried to keep it steady. His pulse quickened and his breathing shortened. Red crept up his neck like vines. The general opened his mouth to say something when Ren leaned forward. Hux tensed in his grip like someone had shot him in the foot. "Not that it's worth much, anyways," the Knight hissed in his ear. Hux could feel the heavy fabric of Ren's cloak pressed up against his bare chest as the man spoke. He felt dark black hair brush against his jaw. Ren was staring down his neck and Hux's breathing faltered. Suddenly, the Knight pulled back. His cloak brushed against his ankles in a small gust of wind. Ren made a conscious effort to stare Hux up and down once more before turning and leaving without another word.