Haze “We’re under attack!” a panicked cry. Oh no Papers scatter as Brendol Hux I runs out of the captain’s cabin to the main deck only to see a black brig ramming into the ship’s side. Although the full rigged ship was bigger and much more powerful than a brig, being caught by surprise filled everyone on “Star haze” with upcoming dread of what would happen next. No, no, no… Bren is still on the deck. I must get to him before anything happens, unless… Without making the worst assumption elder Hux looked over the faces of the crew he has been sailing with for a month from India only to see small body of his son lying still on the deck, as everyone around him ran and shouted. The man rushed to his son, amidst all the chaos everything seemed to be quiet as he examined the boy’s body for any injuries and wounds. Please, don’t die, not you, too, Bren... Please breathe He feverishly checked the body, chanting prayers to whomever might be listening. As if his pleads were heard Hux Jr. opened his eyes and looked at his father, seemingly confused looking up with bleary eyes. “Father? What happe-“, he couldn’t finish his sentence as the first round of pistols were heard as the crew started to fight back the boarders. “No time to explain, Bren, just do as I say”, Bren started looking sideways, mildly panicking as he saw fallen men covered in crimson blood. “Bren, look at me and calm down, we were ambushed, most likely the lookout didn’t see the ship in the darkness of the night.” I don’t know… I’m scared as well, Bren, but I have to be brave for both of us. We will not survive this night… Holding back his tears, Brendol Hux II forced himself to smile at his boy as he helped him to stand up. The father helped his son to get down below the main deck, where he spotted a barrel. An idea blossomed in his head as he desperately clung to only one line of thought: about his son’s survival from this awful horror, which was rammed into their life. Hux Sr. lifted his boy up and put him in a barrel. “Father? Why would you put me in this?” Bren asked curiously looking into his father’s eyes, seeking for answers. It pained the man to see his innocent boy looking lost in amidst this chaos, unsure of anything. “Hide here and don’t make a sound. Go outside only when everything quiets down, do you get me?” he couldn’t hold back tears as he saw understanding in his son’s eyes. Brendol was heartbroken, torn between choices that he didn’t have. “Yes, father”. Bren nodded as he was wrapped in a tight hug by his father. He was never hugged by his father, as Brendol Hux Jr. wanted his sons to be strong and ready for everything that life throws. Not wanting them to soften after their mother’s death, they were forced to numb their emotions. It was a new feeling, as he didn’t ever feel mother’s love, unlike his brother; even all the nannies he was with- he wasn’t embraced nor been kissed on the cheeks. Bren felt his shoulder starting to get wet from his father’s tears, as he reluctantly hugged his father back. Brendol was shattered, as he hugged his boy for the last time and covered the barrel with ropes. Glancing back at his son as sheathed his cutlasses while he ran to the main deck to fight for his one and only left son. Chapter 2 : Fog Summary: Ship gets boarded Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Brendol Hux II felt numb. Thousands of unanswered questions were swirling through his head, each one making him more and more anxious. However, the boy remained still in the barrel, as he never disobeyed his father. Father, where are you? I’m scared… Recollections of the earlier memories started coming back to him bit by bit: walking on the main dock, enjoying silence of the night, surrounded by an intimidating fog, as if everything around him fell into a deep slumber of unknowingness. Then a deafening sound and a pitch black of unconsciousness. As he snapped back to reality, Bren realized that everything has seemed to have quieted down. Having a rough idea of what was happening on the main dock, he has prayed for his father, like he never has before in his life. Praying that whatever that has caused all this chaos has been defeated, his father victoriously coming back for him. His fantasies were cut short as he heard a booming voice, “Search the ship, bring all the valuables to the main dock!” Bren couldn’t recognize the voice, so he made an assumption, that worst has yet to happen. “As for the prisoners… We’ll decide it later”, stated with finality whomever it was. Bren was agitated, thoughts filled with terror. For a moment he felt bare, as if the barrel wasn’t here, as if he was in a middle of the room standing on display. He didn’t know when he has started shaking, but he couldn’t stop it. The boy tried to still himself when he heard muffled talk and hurrying steps of the boarders. Waited with dread as he heard the barrel that was next to him being rolled away. Forgive me, father, I can’t stay here any longer. I need to run away. Fast. Little Hux peeked out of his hide-out, only to be roughly yanked out by someone. “Look what we got here”, exclaimed the one who grabbed him. In the dim lights Hux saw a giant man whose voice sounded more like a roar of a wild beast, rather than of a man. As Bren tried to struggle, he was thrown on the ground. “Look, kid, there’s no way to run from us, so you might as well behave and not be a nuisance for us, or else..” the boy gulped, clearly understanding his situation. He was a smart boy, so he complied with no further words. Bren was half dragged, half pushed to the main dock, where he saw a terrible scene unfold in front of him: crewmembers groaning and grunting from pain, blood spilled everywhere. Torch lights flickered in the wind, as if they were terrified from all of it. “Captain, we found a boy” stated the one who captured him. Hux tried not to squirm as everyone on the board turned around to look at him, “Seems like it’s the governor’s son”. “Don’t you dare to touch him!” exclaimed someone. Bren realized it was his father, he tried to find him among the bound people on the deck, couldn’t quite see him, as it was almost dawn, like a gloomy dark cloak, that has blinded him. “Chewie, I can’t see, you idiot. Can someone light these goddamn torches?!” yelled yet another unknown man. There were hurried steps of men, as Hux started to make out several figures of men that have boarded the ship. There plenty of men. But then he saw his father: battered and bloody, looking at him, panicked. “Captain, what are we going to do with the prisoners?” asked one of the boarders. Everyone quieted down, as an eerie silence filled the air. Waiting for the fate of the crew to be decided in uttered words of the captain. “Ship seems to be in fine condition, we might as well let the prisoners choose their fates: living- by becoming a pirate and sailing under our flags, or, living, but in hellish conditions, that you might as well wish for your own death and work on our plantations”, stated the captain. “So if you want to join us, stand up, and those who don’t want-your choice, stay down, as I am feeling quite generous today, might as well spare the captain.” Bren saw as several crewmembers exchanged indecisive glances with each other, and started standing up hesitantly, guiltily looking at their captain, who was still kneeling stoically. The boy shifted his eyes to his father and walked towards him, when he realized no one was about to stop him he rushed to his side. “Father? What are we going to do?” questioned Bren, as he saw a gashing wound on his parent. Blood, so much blood… Notes: Hello, I have a vague idea where this is going. Planned it till chapter 10, thinking about making it into 30 chapters... Chapter 3 : Foam Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux wakes up from the dream that has been haunting him for years. Drenched in sweat from the gruesome nightmare and torrid air that filled the room. It was still dawn, sun rays teasing the edges of the skyline. Bren started to feel claustrophobic and had a sudden need to leave the bungalow. “Are you alright?” questioned a girl. Her familiar voice soothed his wrecked nerves, calmed, like no one else did. “Is it that dream again?” she asked with a hushed voice. She was the only one among the slaves that understood him. “I’m alright, Phasma” replied Hux. He had no idea why she chose such a ridiculous nickname for herself, but he didn’t care. “You should go back to sleep”, continued Bren. It still felt surreal for him to work on a plantation. As if it’s all a bad dream, that will eventually end, and he’d wake up in his bed, any minute. Yet, here he was: in ragged clothes, flushed in unbearable heat of the island, in the enemy’s territory, working for them. Plantation owners didn’t seem to care as much about the slaves, as long as they gave results they were expecting. So far, they’ve never been disappointed in their labor. Therefore, slaves were able to build communities and work on their own farms during their free time. They even traded with the ships that went by. Hux, somehow, managed to persuade some slaves to work in a group under himself. He has figured which of the product might become most profitable, and which one will be doomed to invest. Although he was a slave, he was still enthusiastic, that someday, he might leave this island and live a free life. “Phasma, please, not now”, Hux grunted, as she kept eying him suspiciously. He still had vague dreams, but today, it felt too real, too close. The girl stared at him for a bit and sighed, probably deciding to pry about later. The sun already started to rise, painting the sky with warm amber color. Birds started flying, sharply contrasting the sky; trees being gently blown by the wind, slowly swinging in a trance. It was a beautiful day, to say the least, yet Bren had a feeling, that something might happen, didn’t know whether it was for good or bad. *** He gave day’s plans to his “subordinates”: various tasks, each fit for the specific person’s skills. As for himself, he went fishing with Phasma, plantation was in fair condition, thus he thought it was fair to take a little break and do something that he would enjoy. They went out on a self-made raft, not far away, but still, where there could be fishes. Phasma and Hux were rowing in a comfortable silence, surrounded by the mesmerizing aqua colored ocean. “Maybe we might find oysters today”, quipped Phasma. She was in a good mood, usually, she worked in the fields, working hard all day. Bren felt guilty sometimes, it felt as if the girl worked twice as hard, because he couldn’t. He remembered his first days in the fields: dragging heavy objects in the scalding sun had given him nasty sunburns. That is why slaves took pity on him and made him work indoors, simple tasks, compared to the field work. Later on Hux has taken the duty of a cook for the small community. “Hux, look!” exclaimed Phasma, as she pointed at the giant turtle, that was swimming 20 meters away. “We should catch it, prepare the net!” called out Hux. It was a really lucky day for them. *** As they returned by the late afternoon with a turtle, few baskets of fish, and oysters, the weather turned gray, accompanied by a steady drizzle, which promised to turn into heavy raining by the evening. “Good timing we got” marked Phasma. Hux nodded and continued to drag baskets of fish to the beach. “I’ll get these to the shed, you get the ingredients for the dinner” suggested Phasma. “Aye, aye captain”, mocked Bren, giving her a half smile, to which she responded with a playful jab to the ribs. “See you at the dinner”. *** Hux was picking some figs, as he heard something moving towards him. He couldn’t see much in the rain that was getting heavier by the minute, but he saw an intimidating dark figure that was moving towards him faster and faster. Notes: Dun dun dun dun Chapter 4 : Clouds Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) As the mysterious figure came closer and closers, Hux frantically grabbed closest thing that he could throw: a guava. “Who’s there?” yelled Bren, when he didn’t hear an answer, he continued: “I have a weapon!” declared Hux. “What are you going to do to me with that? Kill me?” finally came the reply. His voice was guttural and husky, as if he had been smoking since the day he was born. Words were spoken in English with slight Spanish accent, so Hux assumed that it might be one of the owners, who didn’t show their face at all in the fields. Probably one of those arrogant nouveau riches that has finally decided to check out the “lowlife’s daily routines” Hux squinted his eyes as the figure’s form became more and more clear: a boy, roughly around the same age as him, probably 18, as his voice was already set and deep. Everything he wore was black: cloak, breeches, tricorne. Only his white stockings were brightly contrasting his dark outfit. Now, he felt ridiculous, as he was soaked in his breeches and shirt, while holding up a guava of all things. He slowly lowered his hand as the other boy approached him slowly, as if Hux was a scared animal that might flee any minute. Bren visibly rolled his eyes, relaxed his posture, realizing he was not threatened. “I won’t run away, you know”, impatiently noted Hux. “Well, you did look like you were trying to, minutes ago. Besides, aren’t you supposed to be working in the fields right now?” cheekily inquired the taller boy. Minute hasn’t even passed yet and he’s already getting on my nerves. I need to get out of here before anything drastic happens. “Do you even work in the fields?” he continued, as he reached for Hux’s hand that still held the fruit, “One might think you’re a different type of…” Bren couldn’t tear his eyes away from the intense stare of him as the other boy gently bit into the fruit, “ slave”. That made him snap out of his trance. Hux roughly yanked back his hand back, cursing himself for his foolishness. “I’m not” Bren barked back, filled with fury, as he quickly gathered dinner ingredients and fled from the strange boy, while his heart was beating rapidly in his chest. Hux didn’t hear the other boy muttering “Interesting...” under his breath. Notes: Guava came at me like a wrecking ball Chapter 5 : Reef Notes: There might be some grammar mistakes, because i am beta of my own, so i reread my chapters after a while after posting, so bear with me (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Heard the owner’s son is here on the island. Wonder what he forgot in this forsaken place” dully mentioned Phasma in the evening. “Bet he got bored from the crowded city of his.” “Son? Thought they didn’t have one”, answered Hux, as he cut the vegetables into tiny pieces, “Heard owner’s wife has been a princess, or so I heard. I don’t dwell on rumors, so should you, Bren”. She eyed him for a moment and asked “How bad was your dream?” Blood “It felt too real. Usually it’s just a glimpse of it, this is one as if I was back then, Phasma, I was…” he broke into a heart wrenching sob – as she came up to him and hugged him from the side to soothe his wrecked nerves. “Shh, it is all in the past now, you have to live on. We both lost most important people in our lives in the past, we have to stay strong for them”, Phasma tried her best to calm her friend, gently rocking him. I still remember – as father bled, I couldn’t do anything but weep weakly by his side, blinded by my sorrow – couldn’t do anything. It was my fault he couldn’t survive the wound. My fault that he died on that wretched ship… *** Seconds, minutes have passed – no one knows – but Hux started to feel slightly better than before, when he let it out on someone. “Thank you”, he barely whispered – as if afraid that someone might hear fondness in his voice, barge in and take away the girl as well – feeling overwhelmed, “For supporting me at the times such as these, and… everything”, Bren sighed, liberated – if only slightly – from a burden of mourning alone. “We must support each other, Bren, you did this for me as well, years ago, when you were still vulnerable and hurt, yet you made me feel much better”, she replied back, as she stood up and offered him a hand to stand up, “Now, we must finish cooking it, or the other might eat us, without even leaving bones”, Phasma grinned, trying to lighten the mood. “Alright”. *** Rain mercilessly poured for days, leaving damp mood for the slaves as well, stopping their work. Only the field guards worked in such days, poor souls, while other tried to use their spare time to do something useful, or just simply rest from all the hard work. Hux felt claustrophobic in the dingy bungalow, trapped in walls. Thereby he decided to stroll, somewhere – anywhere. Concluding that it is worth to walk outside, even if it’ll drench him to the bones – he has to go. As he came out of the bungalow, Bren realized that the rain has ceased its furious attack, and was softly drizzling, lulling the rogue beach. Clouds thawed in the sky, making way to the moon beams, and gleams of the stars. Hux walked towards the ocean, breathing in the raw and untamed air that oozed off of it, wrapping him in like a blanket. Although all of his horrible memories were associated with it, it strangely calmed Bren. Sounds of the waves calming, like a lullaby. Water must be nice right now, might as well enjoy it Determined, he took off his clothes, neatly folded them and put them on the nearby rock, where crabs scatter away, as he approaches it. Hux shivers as a breeze tickles his body, passing by and playing with nearby palm’s leaves. He felt unexplainably happy – as if all his problems were gone, only him and the nature, dancing together in a trance. Bren walked into the ocean, deeper and deeper, till he was standing on his tip toes, only his head poking out of the waters. Deciding to go deeper, he dove into water and swam to the large rock that was protruding from the ocean like a miniature beacon. He climbed on it, trying to find the smoothest surface. Just as he was about to relax he saw a person walking on the beach, walking towards the ocean. What. No one walks at night like him. Then who. As the person got closer, Hux recognized the mysterious man he met days ago. Only he would wear so much black. Are you kidding me. Notes: halloo , surprrisingly, i'm not dead and this fic isn;t gonna finish YETT Chapter 6 : Shore Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux panicked and plunged into water, as he saw how the man was walking towards the rock, on which his clothes were. Cursing himself, he swam as quietly as humanly possible to the foreshore, only to see the man casually leaning on the rock, holding his clothes. “Looking for something?” taunted the figure in clad black, looking smugly satisfied with himself. If it weren’t for the nighttime, the other one could’ve seen, that Hux was flushed red from embarrassment, humiliated that he had to hide in the waves of the oceans to hide his nudity. “Yes”, blurted Bren, “If you could be so kind, could you pass me my clothes?” continued Hux, with as much dignity as one might gather while standing in the ocean naked, facing a stranger. Now the man clearly looked amused, as he replied: “Demanding, aren’t we? Even when I have the upper hand”, he trailed off, Hux couldn’t quite catch what he said, but he heard when the other’s tone got louder as he announced: “Come and get it”. What did I ever do wrong in my life to deserve this? Analyzing his situation, where he is naked, whereas the other one is fully clothed is a no win scenario. But maybe that’s exactly what he wants – making him to take the bait – who knows what he has planned… Solution: ignore him and see what happens. “If you’re too desperate to get a slave’s outfit, you might as well keep, no need for such extraordinary measures”, started Hux, as he saw how the other man tensed – clearly he wasn’t used to someone talking back to him. “Don’t you dare to talk like that wit-“, Hux didn’t hear the rest of the sentence as he dived back into water, swimming away from the man. As he emerged from the water, he saw the man running into the ocean, while throwing off his waistcoat and shirt. “No one talks to me like that!” he roared, “I’ll teach you a lesson!” Now, Hux was genuinely was worried about his safety, therefore he swam as fast as he could to the beach, trying to avoid the madman. Bren could feel sand beneath his feet, so he awkwardly ran to the beach, to escape. In between breaths he shouted back: “You’re mental!” He already started to heave and run out of energy, when he looked back the man looked like a beast in pursuit of his prey – relentless, not even out of breath. As the kept running around the beach, at one point Hux grabbed his clothes from the sand, and now tried to put on his shirt. Maybe that was the reason he couldn’t see on what he tripped over, but seconds later he was tackled as well by the stranger. Now, his face was in a sand, body immobilized, because of another body holding it down. “And you’re weak”, triumphantly declared the man above him. From his tone, it was clear that he was satisfied with his little victory over Bren. Hux realized that he still didn’t put on his pants – he tries curls up into himself, as if making himself look smaller will make him invisible. The other one seems to have sensed his uneasiness and looked down only to see the other boy trying to cover up his nudity with his shirt. “You could’ve become a fine rent boy, slave”, the man howled with laughter, as he forcefully removed Hux’s hands that have been pathetically trying to cover his genitalia. “Come here tomorrow at night as well”, he announced, abruptly standing up. “Wash the clothes that I have shed. I’ll be waiting”, without any further words, he left Hux on the beach. Bren felt fury burning inside of him, as he tears of shame slid down his face. Why is life so unfair towards me... Notes: huehueheuehu Chapter 7 : Dream Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “All the household won’t shut up about the owner’s son”, dramatically sighed Phasma, “Seems like every maid is ogling him training with his swords. The guy must think he’s a knight in a shining armor”. As she continued to complain further, Hux was already lost in his thoughts. Why is he tormenting me? Does he have a personal grudge against me? He kept going through all the possibilities, when he realized that Phasma was looking at him – as if everything was written on his face. Hux snapped back into reality. “Bren where are you wandering off to, that you’re completely ignoring me?” demanded with an authoritative voice. “Do you know how he looks like? Did he come here with anyone else?” questioned Hux, a terrible truth looming over him, filling him with dread. “I’m not quite sure, but heard he wears lots of black… Oh, and long hair”, she finished looking doubtful – but Hux knew better. *** Bren was sitting on the beach, looking at the moon, with a neatly folded pile of black clothes. He had been waiting for approximately an hour – although he enjoyed being alone, this was too much. Maybe he tricked me. Just as he was about to leave, Bren saw him – striding towards him with no worries, his walk almost had a skip in it. Hux patiently waited for him to get closer – bracing himself for the worst that might happen. He asked Phasma to tell him everything she knew of him. Ben Solo, son of Han, the man who robbed me of my father. The moment Hux realized that the mysterious man was the son of a man he loathed the most, he couldn’t feel anything but hatred. Furious – for making himself look like a fool in the eyes of the enemy. “Thought I wouldn’t come?” taunted Ben, he was wearing simple attire of a white shirt, simple black coat, accommodated with same colored breeches. “Let’s get to the point, why did you call me today?” cut through Hux, tired from these little games the other one was playing at. Ben stopped walking towards the ocean and turned around, facing Bren, “Maybe I want to see you. Maybe I have been watching you from the mansion. Maybe you’ve caught my attention and I started to fancy your looks, later, started to want you”, he was already standing so close, that Hux could feel his uttered words on his cheeks, his smell. Although it was a night, moon shone brightly - reflecting in the waters, illuminating the beach – Hux was lost, he couldn’t respond to this blunt confession, never has anyone told him such words. He didn’t realize he was holding his breath – slowly started to regain his composure. “No” declared, Hux, unsure what he was opposing to. “I’m not asking for you permission, slave. You are my property” Ben relentlessly asserted, looming over him. “I have a name, Ben ”, bit back Hux. In a flash, he was backhanded across his cheek; Brendol stumbled back and fell into the sand, while holding his cheek – looking stunned. Ben leaned in – grabbed him by his cheeks as he tried to escape from him – and barely whispered: “Never. Never use that name. Call me Master from now on, do you understand?” He increased his grip, when Hux stubbornly glared up at him. “Yes, Master” Hux hissed, as the pain got too much to bear. “Good”, man’s face eased – as if nothing happened seconds ago; patting his clothes and walking away. “Come to the manor by tomorrow afternoon”, he declared and disappeared into the night. Notes: very motivated Chapter 8 : Murk “He summoned you to the manor?” quizzically asked Phasma, “Strange, Solo family doesn’t usually meddle in our lives unless we don’t fulfill their expected amount of product. Unless you’re not telling me the whole story?” Hux sharply whipped his head towards her, but that gesture was to make Phasma more suspicious. “What did he do, Bren”, demanded the girl, softening her voice on his name. “He didn’t, just a mild misunderstanding”, he answered – slowly dragging his words. “And even if he did, what can you do against him?” hopelessly asked. She looked away with murderous glint in her eyes, comprehending her impossible situation. “Something”, a barely audible mumble. *** In the late afternoon, Hux unwillingly trudged up the hill, to the manor. It was located far from the plantation itself, more close to the center of the island. He has seen it only from afar, never been in it before – maybe that explained his sudden nervousness that had started eating him from the inside. After walking awhile, he was already in front of the gate, which was open wide. He reluctantly walked towards the building – it was beautiful, to say the least: bathed in the lushes of exotic plants, which were probably brought here from another island, as Hux has never seen them before; blinding white marble statues, scattered among the bushes. Feeling of nostalgia gripped him: all these pompous demonstration of wealth and power, reminding him of his childhood, when Brendol I, too, had bragged about his conquests of the company. It all felt like a dream for Hux, as if nothing like that happened, as if his life is tied to this island. But truly, even though he was a slave here, he found a friend, that he didn’t have in his previous life. Hux walked further into the garden, guessing where the backdoor was. “Hey, boy, you are not supposed to be here”, remarked a man from behind him in Spanish, who lazily approached him. Bren turned around and saw a tan man with curly dark auburn hair with a smile plastered on his face. “I have been summoned here, sir”, Hux answered back without any accent. His father made sure he knew “languages of the enemies”. The man looked pleasantly surprised at his answer, he ambled closer, as he raked his body with his eyes. Bren felt started to feel self-conscious and uncomfortable, as the silence kept stretching and distance between them diminishing. “You must be hungry, come with me”, suddenly offered the man, “Oh, and the name’s Poe, by the way”, the man said matter-of-factly. *** It felt ridiculous and surreal, as he sat in the kitchen with this Poe, who wouldn’t stop talking about his sailing conquests, while taking out various fruits from the counters. Hux tried to look somewhat interested, but gave up on it several minutes later. He started to space out, when he saw a palm being waved in front of his face, quickly snapping out of his thoughts, Bren looked at Poe with a questioning look. “I asked what was your name twice, but you seemed to be out of it”, he chuckled, voice like a melted chocolate with calming undertones. “Oh, Brendol Hux, sir”, quickly answered back, followed with an apology: he didn’t pay attention after all. “Tell me about your life, Bren – can I call you like that?” questioned Poe, looking unsure. Hux was surprised that he was asking permission from a slave. Maybe he doesn’t know that I am one, or is he just a lunatic? “You do realize that I am a slave, and you do not need ask me about such things?” Hux asked, to which Poe heartily laughed and responded: “Aren’t you a feisty one?” Bren didn’t know how to respond to it, when he saw Ben glaring at them from the doorways. Chapter 9 : Breeze Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Why are you here, slave ”, Ben growled, threateningly making his way towards Hux. “Well, I felt like inviting him for a nice chat”, interrupted Poe, standing between them, “Besides, the boy got a name, for the Christ’s sake”. “Since when do you care about anything except yourself?!” Ben bawled out, menacingly taking a step towards Poe, who didn’t move a muscle, and was standing there looking somehow bored and dejected. Guess he’s always lashes out on people around him His musings were cut short when Ben grabbed his arm and dragged him away from the kitchen, where Poe stood looking amused. Hux was tired from all this manhandling, but let it slide, not wanting to anger him further. They went deeper into the manor, Ben seemed to be calming down – his grip was getting weaker. Soon enough they were in a library room, which was almost pitch black due to the thick velvet curtains that hung heavily on the windows. Hux couldn’t examine the room thoroughly as the door behind him was shut. “You don’t really have to throw tantrums every time you want to accomplish something”, huffed out Hux, getting used to the darkness that surrounded him. He could vaguely see bookshelves and sofas around the room with books mounted on top of them. “From now on you go straight to this room, whenever I call you for it, understood?” Ben demanded for an answer, breathing erratically as if he has ran a mile. Hux decided it was for the best to give what he wants without any fight. Somehow, now he really worried whether this man in front of him was completely sane. But that was none of his business, as long as he doesn’t harm him. Hux just stood there silently waiting for something happen, when Ben continues his little monologue: “But you wouldn’t be able to accomplish even that, don’t you, slave? Seducing my mother’s captain, huh?” What Bren couldn’t listen any further, he swung his fist to Ben’s jaw with all his might, damn the consequences. He could be a slave, but he wouldn’t let anyone humiliate him in such way. Ben must’ve been taken aback as he stumbled back from the punch, but he didn’t lose any time and immediately retaliated with a strike of his own, hitting him right into the stomach. Hux doubled over and fell on his knees, clutching the punched area. “ You”, spitted out Ben, “Dare to touch me?” he backhanded him in the face. Hux lay splayed on the floor resting on his elbows, he could feel the coppery taste of blood in his mouth. It angered him, so he did the most logical thing he could think of at the moment: kicked the other man’s legs as hard as he can. Ben fell on the floor cursing, Hus quickly used his half dazed state to climb on him to land another punch to his face, but he wasn’t fast enough – he found himself pinned to the floor by his shoulders, mounted by his opponent. “Get off me, you psycho!” Bren tried to thrash around, attempting to get free of the grasp. “Shut up”, growled Ben, as he kissed him on the lips, leaving Hux stunned in shock. Notes: I think the updates will slow down for a bit, because I'm starting new KYLUX AU fic!!! (sorry) Chapter 10 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben retreated back to look into Hux’s eyes. Even in the dim light Bren could see his blown eyes, feel his heated breath on his cheeks, but he couldn’t take it anymore – Hux pushed the other one off him, quickly scrambling away to the door. He wasn’t stopped, therefore he ran for his dear life, out of this mansion: fleeing without looking back. Soon enough he found himself in a middle of a jungle. Looking around Bren realized he has become lost. Great. Not only I get to be molested, I managed to get lost in a jungle. The moment he thought about it, he heard rustling in the bushes. Hux focused on that sound – hearing from other slaves that panthers and animals alike live in the woods have not scared him before, but now, when he’s alone in the jungle, Bren remembered every single warning and cautions the others have told him. Then he saw it: two yellow glittering eyes that have screamed murder staring right into his soul, filling him with terror and dread of the upcoming. The panther rumbled deep in its throat, sending shivers down Hux’s spine. Well, I guess this is how I die, in the jungles, torn to pieces by a feline. Just as it was about leap, he heard a pistol firing in panther’s general way – scaring him away. Hux was about to faint from the overwhelming fear, and was ready to jump anyone who has saved him, but only saw Ben standing amidst the greens holding up a pistol in his hands, smoke still coming out of it. “Have you lost your mind?!” exclaimed the brunet, startling Hux – who has given up standing on his feet and been sitting on the ground, on his knees, “Why did you think it was a good idea to run into the jungle, of all places ?” he continued to lecture Bren about his stupidity and brashness, as he circled around him, vigorously gesturing with his hands while talking. “And what am I supposed to do, then”, suddenly snapped back Hux, he couldn’t stop words flowing out of his mouth now: “To stay there, accept everything that is thrown to me, do it without questioning nor fighting? Don’t you think people have their own will and wishes as well, that being a slave is not the best way of living” he doesn’t know when his tears started to come out, but they were there. “I was rich as well, when I was a boy – enjoying my life to fullest, although my half family was dead, I had the liberty to choose my own life! Now look at me, working god knows where, on a plantation”, Hux broke down, straight up sobbing, “I’d rather die”. He didn’t know what has gotten to him, really, if he could control his bursts of emotions, he would, yet, he couldn’t. Inner turmoil has gotten too far to stop this. Like an ocean, it engulfed him, drowning. He suddenly felt the need to open all his old wounds to someone, revealing everything he carefully hid under the layers of indifference for years. ­Like a bonfire, eating up from the inside all this time, slowly starting as he aged, but now, it was at its peak, reaching up the skies, burning the air around him. He couldn’t even breathe without this burn, as he was maddened by the grudge and fury he had meticulously buried deep inside. As his sobs and hiccups subsided, and eye cleared, he could hear shuffling beside him. However, he didn’t look up from his position – sitting on the ground, arms hugging his legs. During his break down, Kylo stood there, awkwardly – unable to help him, as he felt as lost as Hux. He stood there uneasily shifting from one leg to another, while looking around. As Hux quieted down, he decided to unceremoniously plop down beside him. They sat there in silence – not considering all the jungle noise – which, surprisingly, wasn’t unpleasant at all. “I should return to work”, Hux said, as he finally calmed down, breaths evening out. He didn’t have the luxury to waste his time here, moping. “Stay”, Kylo said, voice rough, as his hand combed through his black hair, looking weary, “Come back to the mansion with me”, he breathed out, whilst looking at the general direction of it. Hux was unsure whether coming with him would be a good idea, yet he mindlessly nodded, and they exited the labyrinth of a jungle together. The sun was still in its zenith, brightly shining. It was a peaceful day to say the least. Notes: Sorry, luvs, for this late update, been quite busy (not counting other two fics i wrote), and I wasn't much inspired to write anything for this till now. Notes: Onki here, if you liked this story, feel free to comment, as it really helps me to motivate my lazy ass to continue this ha-ha