LONDON Kylo hated the fact that his emotions were so easily read on his face, that he didn’t have a mask to hide how affected he was. He scrubbed at the tear streaks remaining on his face as he haphazardly stuffed clothes into his backpack, his decision made. What hurt the most was that he had given them a chance. He though this time would be different. His parents had planned a weekend for them all in Edinburgh to celebrate the end of his exams, some family time that he was actually looking forward to. It helped that they had let him invite Hux along too. But his mother had sat him down when he got in from University that day, exams finally over, and told him, ‘Sorry, Ben, but work needs me and your father to go to an emergency meeting this weekend. Our investors need to talk about finances and it really can’t be missed.’ He should have known that work would come before him. It had been like that his whole life. Admittedly maybe he didn’t have to smash his mother’s favourite vase in retaliation, but he couldn’t say that he regretted it. Han and Leia had gone out to dinner without him when he refused to leave his room. Well , he thought, maybe I’ll have my own celebration. Bags packed, he stripped the sheets from his bed and dragged the mattress to the garage. He was glad, for once, that his car was old enough to have removable back seats; he pulled out the seats and pushed the mattress into the boot space. He returned to his room and grabbed everything he would need, throwing it into the car before getting in and driving out, leaving the garage unlocked behind him in petty revenge. Kylo stopped the car at the end of the drive, sliding his phone out of his jeans and calling Hux with angry taps. “Hux, what are you doing?” Kylo growled down the phone, putting it on speaker and driving towards Hux’s apartment just outside of town. “Well hello, nice to talk to you too Kylo.” Hux replied sarcastically, “I’m making sure I’ve packed everything. I know it’s only two days but do you think four pairs of shoes is too many? I don’t want to get my new brogues ruined if it rains.” “We’re not going to Edinburgh.” “Oh?” Hux’s frown was audible, “What have you done now ?” “Nothing. And I resent that.” Kylo sighed, “My mother has decided that her shitty café is more important that one weekend with her only son. So we’re going on our own trip.” “Oh god.” He could hear Hux scrubbing a hand across his face, “What trip?” “Something I’ve wanted to do for a while. Let’s go to Europe.” “Europe? What, all of it?” he laughed. “Exactly. Look, I’ve got my car, I’ve got my savings, we have like 8 weeks summer break, let’s do it!” “How? We can’t just go on an unplanned road trip! Where will we stay?” he said sceptically. “I thought of that. We can sleep in the car. I’ve taken the seats out and put my mattress in so we can just camp out in the back. Resourceful don’t you think?” Kylo’s anger had lessened considerably in favour of excitement. “Kylo, really? That’s such a dirty hipster thing to do. Where will we shower? Are you going to drive the whole way? You know I hate driving your shitty car! What about-” “Hux, does any of that really matter? We’ll work it out on the way. Look, you’re already in second year, next summer you’ll be too busy apply to jobs and I’ll be busy with my portfolio, when will we get another chance to do something like this? I know you like your life to be planned down to the minute, but live a little for once! Be spontaneous while you still can!” Hux was silent for a moment, “I don’t think I’ve ever heard you be so optimistic in your life.” He sighed, “But… I…ok. God I can’t believe I’m agreeing to this but fine, we’ll go.” Kylo cheered, “Yes! Well I’m on my way now, Geri, get your shit ready and we’ll head off.” “Two things, Ben; one, stop comparing me to Geri Halliwell or I’ll start accepting Mitaka’s date invitations; and two, we are not going today. No way. I’m exhausted and want to appreciate my bed one more time before I have to deal with your lumpy hipster car bed.” “As if you’d go out with Mitaka, he’s much too nice. Besides, it’d be quite hard to date a dead man,” Kylo snarled, “And fine. But I’m still coming over. I refuse to go back home tonight, my parents will probably try to apologise to me and baby me and generally be fucking annoying. I also would like to appreciate your bed.” “You can appreciate my bed from your vantage point on the floor.” “Ah, spending the night on my boyfriend’s floor, how romantic.” Kylo grinned, “Hey, there’s a Dominos on the way, you want pizza?” “Ugh, I’ll never get over how much pizza you manage to get through in a week. It shouldn’t be humanly possible.” Hux grimaced, “I have some food leftover that I need to use before we go, so I’ll pass. There’s enough for you if you don’t fancy dying before you’re thirty.” “Oh my god, you’re going to cook? Bren, count me the fuck in.” Kylo exclaimed, “I would gladly never eat pizza again if you cooked instead.” Hux rarely cooked, but he had certainly picked up some skills from his chef father because anything that Hux made was positively orgasmic. “Well don’t get used to it.” Hux smiled, “Hurry up and get your arse over here, if I’m going to cook you’re helping.” “Yeah, yeah, I’m about twenty minutes away.” “Alright, see you Kylo.” “Bye, Geri!” OoOoOoO Hux and Kylo were sprawled on the sofa, both pleasantly full from Hux’s fantastic meal. The ginger man had the sleeves of his blue shirt rolled up to his elbows and the top three buttons undone, a look that Kylo found unbearably sexy. Hux showing skin was akin a Victorian woman flashing her ankles. It was another reason that Kylo was looking forward to this trip; he had seen the short sleeve t-shirts and even some vests in Hux’s wardrobe that he had never worn but would be forced to in the European summer heat. Kylo had his arms looped around his boyfriend’s waist, head nuzzling into his stomach like a cat. “Oh, shove over for a moment, Kylo, I’ve got something to show you.” Hux said as he stood up, leaving Kylo to just lay face down on the sofa, groaning in protest. He walked over to one of his bags in the corner, unzipping the largest compartment and searching through it. “I know you said this trip is supposed to be wherever our feet take us or whatever bullshit, but frankly that’s fucking stupid. So I planned out the route.” Hux said, pulling out a hand-drawn map with furious scribbles all over it. Kylo sat up and grabbed the map from him, “Hux, this is the exact opposite of spontaneous.” “For you maybe! I didn’t even look for things to do in the places!” The taller man sighed and looked it over properly, “So where have you got? France, Monaco, Italy, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, Austria, Germany, Poland, Germany again, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Denmark again, Germany again, Netherlands and Belgium. Wow, for someone who was reluctant to go you sure have a lot on the itinerary.” “If we’re going to go on this stupid road trip we may as well make the most of it.” He defended, snatching the map back and carefully slipping it in his travel bag. Kylo looked contemplatively at Hux, “I’ll agree to stick to your plan, if you wash up.” “It’s not like you ever even wash up properly.” Hux complained, “But fine. I feel like I’ve got a good deal out of this.” “Maybe I’m feeling particularly generous today.” Kylo smirked smugly. Hux sighed and made his way to the kitchen, looking at the stack of pan and dishes piled up on the side, “Well maybe I am too. I’ll let you sleep in my bed if you make it worth my while. I need some sort of consolation prize if I have to put up with your snoring and cover stealing and cold feet for the next two months.” Kylo followed him into the kitchen, wrapping his arms around him and kissing his neck, “Well leave the dishes until tomorrow and I’ll make it up to you now.” Hux pretended to consider this as he finished washing and drying one bowl. He placed it on the dish rack and dried his hands even as Kylo sucked a love bite onto his neck, “Well alright then.” He was about to turn and walk to the bedroom himself, but he stifled a shriek when he found Kylo picking him up and throwing him over his shoulder. “Kylo! Put me down!” he pounded his fists on the other man’s back and they made their way into the bedroom. Kylo was sniggering too hard to do anything other than flop Hux down onto the bed and collapse into laugher. “I hate you.” Hux huffed and crossed his arms. “Love you too, Bren.” Kylo snorted breathlessly. Hux tried to stay angry, but he was too charmed by the silly grin on Kylo’s face, “Come here you goose,” he grinned. Kylo rolled off his back to loom over Hux, still smirking. The ginger man pulled him forwards by his ears, making Kylo yelp, before quieting it with a kiss. Chapter 2 : CALAIS Notes: Thank you for all the kudos and comments so far, I know it's been less than 24 hours but I had to bang this out before I get too swamped with work. I'm trying to keep them in character, but a lot of this is snapshotty and I can't get the exact dynamic across yet. They do fight, a lot, but so far we've only seen two days of their lives, and most of them in a state of travel delirium. I'm sure all the handholding and hugs will soon be joined by some intense yelling and smashing of things. For me Kylo is much more destructive toward objects than people, as far as I can remember Mitaka is the only one he hurts in canon (well from the First Order anyway) and while he is hostile towards Hux he never raises a hand to him. So no, no physical abuse at all. Just some major snark. OH! And in case it wasn't clear; Hux is a History student and Kylo an Art student.... I don't know enough about either subjects to have a specific uni or course in mind but there you go. Enjoy! “Kylo. What the fuck is this?” Hux asked derisively from the passenger seat, “Have we travelled back in time? I haven’t heard this song since 2009.” Kylo looked scandalised, “Literally how dare you. I put this on as a compromise! I could have listened to MCR the whole time.” “Oh god, please don’t,” Hux groaned. “No, no, you wanted it, let’s listen to a bit of Black Parade…” Kylo said lightly, reaching for his phone. Hux knew he wouldn’t actual fiddle with the playlist while driving, which was his only consolation. God forbid when they reached their next stop though. “Fine, fine I’ll listen to your dumb playlist, on one condition.” Kylo quirked a brow as he flicked the indicator to the left, “What condition?” “That I get to listen to my playlist when I drive.” Hux suggested, “I know it’s usually the passenger that picks the music but I think I’ll crash the car into a river if I have to listen to your emo shit while I’m driving.” “I can accept that, I suppose.” Kylo acquiesced, “Though I reserve the right to skip, like, at least five songs a trip.” “Fine, deal, as long as I can do the same.” The ginger man furrowed his brow, “And no repeat songs in the playlist! I know your game, Ren.” “Oh fuck you!” OoOoOoO “Ok, I veto this.” “What? This a fucking classic Hux!” “I am not listening to Teenagers. You’re 19 not a 12 year old scene kid, Kylo.” “You know nothing about music, you heathen.” Hux raised his eyebrow at the next song to come on after he skipped My Chemical Romance with relish, “Says the kid with ‘Wannabe’ on his playlist.” “I put it on deliberately to spite you, Geri.” Kylo smirked. “I veto this too.” “But Hux, ‘ If you wanna be my lover, you gotta like my mu-sic.” Kylo sang mirthfully. “I legitimately hate every part of you.” Kylo just dissolved into laughter and almost swerved into the wrong lane. OoOoOoO They decided not to stop at any services on the way to Dover, even though it was a two hour journey; once in Dover they had the whole 90 minute car ferry to France to relax, then would get into Calais at just after noon to have a bit of an explore before they moved on. They pulled into the port eager to stretch their legs in the half hour wait before their ferry. Despite the fact that is was late May it was grey and miserable weather, and Hux pulled his jacket tighter around himself. It had been sunny that morning so he’d packed his raincoat into his suitcase and it took him twenty minutes and both his and Kylo’s weight to zip the case up, so he was naturally reluctant to attempt that charade again. “I’m going to get the tickets, you want to wait here?” Kylo asked from beside him. “Hmm, I think I’ll come with you.” Though he was cold, Hux couldn’t bear the thought of being in that car unless absolutely necessary. The dark-haired man tutted from beside him, “Here, take my coat.” “Awfully chivalrous of you.” He replied, grabbing the soft fabric and sliding it over his shoulders. “If you get hypothermia then I’ll have to drive to Amiens, and I’ve had enough driving for one day.” “Self-preservation, that’s more like it.” Hux grinned. “Come on, there doesn’t seem to be too much of a queue at the minute; we shouldn’t have to wait long.” Kylo said, taking Hux’s hand and leading him over to the booth, “I’ll pay if you get me a hot chocolate on the ferry.” Hux rolled his eyes but squeezed Kylo’s hand and followed. OoOoOoO “Oh god.” “I should have known this would happen.” “I’m dying.” “You’re not dying.” “You don’t know this pain, Hux.” “You are such a drama queen.” Hux grumbled, even as he stroked through Kylo’s hair soothingly, “We only have twenty minutes to port. You’ll live.” Hux was sitting sideways on a hard ferry chair, Kylo taking up the rest of the row with his long, lanky body, head resting in his boyfriend’s lap as he clutched his stomach. “I want to be cremated. I want to be cremated and my ashes scattered in the Forest of Dean like my grandfather.” “If you keep going on like this I’m going to push you overboard.” “A satisfactory end to my pain.” “How are you, of all people, seasick? You told me your father used to take you on his boat all the time!” “When I was less than 10! And I was seasick every time! He just didn’t care enough about what I wanted to notice.” He replied glumly. “And what did you want, goose?” Hands moving down to massage Kylo’s temples. “I just wanted to draw really, I guess.” He groaned. “I was the same. My father was always trying to get me into cooking, but I just wanted to read.” “At least that was useful. All I learned was how it felt to throw up continuously for an hour.” “Poor chicken,” Hux murmured, “Well, at least you’ve managed to keep it down this time.” “There’s still time yet.” “That wasn’t a challenge.” OoOoOoO In the end Kylo didn’t throw up, though he did still look peaky as they drove into the centre of Calais. There wasn’t too much to do in Calais itself, but they had a few hours to kill before they wanted to start the drive to Amiens, hoping to be in Paris by afternoon the next day. “Are you well enough to eat? I’m starving and we have plenty of time.” Hux asked, taking the road towards the town hall, hoping to find a central parking space they could explore from, “I’m afraid most of them are seafood, if that ruins your appetite.” “I might just have some chips or something. I don’t think I can stomach a full meal.” “I suppose we can get dinner in Amiens. All the tourist attractions will be closed when we get there anyway so there won’t be too much else to do.” Hux reasoned, “We can just grab some stuff from the supermarket and go for a walk.” “Sure.” Kylo said, unbuckling his seat belt as Hux parked. He looked up and gasped softly, grabbing Hux’s arm, “Oh, Rodin’s Six Burghers! I didn’t realise it was in front of the Town Hall.” “Why do I recognise that name?” Hux asked himself aloud. “Hux, please. Rodin? You have to know Rodin!” He scowled, “Of course I know who Rodin is. It’s hard not to when you’re half in love with him. No, I mean the Six Burghers. I think we covered it in Uni, something about the Hundred Years War?” “Yeah, they’re the six men who surrendered the keys of Calais to Edward III in the last year of the Hundred Years War. I’ve heard the detail is amazing.” Kylo’s eyes lit up as he spoke, he grabbed his phone and scrambled out the car to get a better look. Hux sighed and followed him at a much slower pace, making sure the car was locked and valuables out of sight. It was just as drizzly in Calais as it had been in Dover, so Hux grabbed Kylo’s coat and wrapped himself up in it again. Kylo was standing respectfully close, wanting to see the exquisite detail but not wanting to touch as though he feared it would crumble under his fingertips. The wind was blowing his hair into disarray, strands coming loose from the hasty bun. Every now and then he would tuck another piece behind his ear, a valiant attempted to control the uncontrollable. The sickly pallor had gone, in its place was Kylo’s usual pale complexion with ruddy cheeks from the sharpness of the wind. Hux stood back and watched him enjoy himself, a warm smile spreading across his face. Maybe this trip was a good idea after all. OoOoOoO They walked to a boulangerie around the corner, Hux opting for an olive fougasse and an espresso and Kylo for the sweet almond croissant, before wandering down to the beach. It wasn’t the nicest beach in France, but it was clean and quiet enough that the couple could sit and eat while watching the waves. They were uncharacteristically quiet as they sat side by side, usually after so much time in each other’s company they would be at each other’s throats, but the travelling had drained most of their energy. They were content just to sit in each other’s company. “We could go to the Military Cemetery. It’s a bit of a detour but I thought you might be interested.” Kylo proposed once they had finished eating. “I’d like that. There’s so much history in those cemeteries, not only the major wars but the smaller more personal ones too.” Hux added solemnly. “Come on then, Geri, it’ll be a nice walk.” Hux was feeling so mellow that he didn’t even protest the nickname. As with most Military Cemeteries, it was set aside from the town’s local cemetery. There were at least twenty rows of the white headstones, all immaculate amongst the manicured grass. Hux read each inscription with reverence, each a unique story, a unique part of history. He brushed his fingertips over the limestone of an unnamed soldier’s grave. “It makes it so much more real, seeing it like this.” Hux whispered, “You can read all the facts and figures, even see photographs but nothing compares to being here. There’s this… feeling in the air.” Kylo wrapped a comforting arm around him, “I feel it too. It’s beautiful. In a sad way.” They didn’t speak again until they made their way out of the cemetery and back towards the town. OoOoOoO They had passed by the lighthouse on the way to the beach and decided to loop back around to visit it since the entry was only a few euros. “I’m not sure how we went from sitting still for two hours in a car to climbing over 200 steps.” Hux panted as he trudged up the stairs in front of Kylo, “I suppose it’s better than listening to your shitty music.” “Perhaps the railing will be low enough for me to push you to your death.” Kylo joked. “Perhaps your foot will slip and you will plunder down 200 stairs to your death.” Hux shot back. “Then you’d be stuck in Calais surrounded by a language you can’t read.” Kylo shook his head, “Honestly, I can’t believe you chose German over French.” “German is so much more practical. Everything just makes sense. ‘Das ist gut’ means exactly what you’d expect it to, not like ‘c’est bon’ which could mean anything.” Hux complained between heavy breaths, “Besides you’re an art student, of course you’d know French.” “Hmm, now that I think about it, it’s probably for the best that you know German.” Kylo said coolly, not expanding until Hux stopped to face him. “Why?” he asked suspiciously. “Well you’ll need it as the head of the Friedrich Nietzsche fan club.” He grinned toothily as Hux glared at him. “I hate you.” He replied, ascending the stairs once more. “And don’t I know it.” OoOoOoO In the end they decided that the view from the lighthouse was good enough that they didn’t need to see the view from the town hall too. Instead Hux just looked at the few titbits of it historical information while Kylo admired the architecture. By the time they were worn out it was almost 4pm and it was another hour and a half’s drive to Amiens so they elected to set off before it got too late. “You ready to go?” Hux asked, buckling his seatbelt and starting the car. “Mhmm.” Kylo half-heartedly replied, arms crossed and head resting against the window, already nodding off. “I’ll take that as a yes.” He said, plugging his phone into the stereo, “It’s my turn on the music too, so you’re lucky; I don’t have any random electronica tracks to scare the shit out of you.” “Mmmm, ok.” Was the sleepy reply. “Honestly, goose,” he chuckled, setting the satnav to take them to Amiens, “You’re just a big kid.” Chapter 3 : AMIENS Notes: This took me a while to write, I couldn't decide what I wanted to happen or how I wanted the little fight to go down. I'm not much about angst, the fluff just seems to flow through my veins so fight scenes are hard for me to write without sounding over the top over nothing Also, a bit of character background in this... Kylo certainly has some abandonment issues. Hux had been driving for about an hour with just his music for company, Kylo snoring softly beside him, when the art student reached out sleepily and skipped the song Hux was humming along to. “Oh, I see you’ve returned to the living.” Hux smiled, “What’s wrong with this song?” “It sucks.” Kylo said bluntly. “Sound reasoning. No room for argument there.” Hux replied sarcastically, “It’s a good song!” “It’s so maudlin. I was ready to just open the car door and roll onto the motorway and be done with it.” Hux scowled, “I preferred you when you were asleep.” OoOoOoO “So I did a bit of searching while we were on the ferry and it seems like there’s a camping ground not far from downtown Amiens we can probably park at. I’d rather not sleep on the side of the road or in an abandoned carpark and get mugged in our sleep.” Hux said as they neared Amiens. “Really Hux? You’re so paranoid, we’re not going to get robbed.” Kylo rolled his eyes. “Oh yeah sure, well you have fun sleeping on a park bench while I enjoy the lovely safe campsite with toilets and showers. Showers, Kylo.” He said almost reverently. “You say that like you didn’t have a shower just this morning.” “I’m going to need one sleeping next to your furnace of a body, I wake up sweating like a pig.” “Oh yes and that’s such an attractive thing to wake up to.” Hux scowled, “I’m not contractually obliged to be attractive 24/7. And you say that like you don’t wake up with morning breath that could raise the bed. And your feet are, in a vast contrast to the rest of you, fucking freezing. You should probably see a doctor about that. About both even.” “Oh the truth comes out now, doesn’t it?” Kylo glared, “Well maybe if you find me so repulsive I’ll just sleep elsewhere.” “You’re welcome to. I’ll actually be able to stretch out in bed. And actually have the duvet cover for once. And, oh, not have to listen to your horrific snoring. God, it’ll be bliss.” Hux spat back, not mentioning that fact that he found all of these slightly endearing for some unknown reason. “It’s not like you’re the perfect bed mate either!” Kylo retorted, turning down the radio so he could be heard better, “You claim to be all stoic and stern but you practically smother me to death with cuddles. And then when you inevitably get up at some stupid early hour I’m forced to wake up too while you extract your spindly limbs.” “Oh like that’s such a hardship for you.” Hux turned the radio back up to the volume he originally had, just to be petty, “You love hugs because you never got them as a child.” Hux regretted the words the moment they fell from his lips. The argument had been mostly light-hearted up until that point, but he knew that he had hit a sore spot. When Hux met Kylo, he was uncomfortable with affection and it had taken months for Kylo to open himself up enough for them to start properly dating. Kylo had told him, in snippets in moments of vulnerability, about his parents, and how they were often too busy with Leia’s thriving chain of cafes and Han’s constant absence on whatever moneymaking venture he had thought up at the time to show him that they really cared. Leia had her old nanny, Cee, look after him whenever she couldn’t be there, but it wasn’t the same. It wasn’t long before he was sent to live with his Uncle and study at his academy. But Kylo hadn’t taken well to it all. If anything he just felt abandoned, something that had stayed with him the rest of his life. The sense of abandonment grew when he found his Uncle increasingly exasperated at him for not pursuing the sciences, for focusing on his love of art instead. Luke found art a waste of time and, while as supportive as he tried to be, it was clear that he resented the fact that Kylo was wasting his potential. It didn’t help that Luke’s daughter, Rey, was everything he wanted Kylo to be. But Luke’s attempts to dissuade Kylo had only cemented the choice he had made. When he was sixteen he was expelled. He had spent years feeling like he was alone, that everything he wanted in life was wrong and, full of hormonal rage, he had trashed the science department, destroying thousands of pounds worth of equipment. His Uncle had been heartbroken, and had no choice but to expel him. He showed up on his parent’s doorstep, both of them there for once to scold him, and he felt alive. He enrolled into Art College and got a job at a rival café chain, much to his parent’s despondency. His new teacher, Snoke, loved Kylo’s work, he praised him as his best student and nurtured him all the way through to university. He offered a support that Kylo had never felt he had before. Hux was brought sharply back to the present by the sound of Kylo sniffing beside him. Kylo had his head resting on the window, looking out at the endless road of the motorway. Hux couldn’t see his eyes but suspected they were glistening with unshed tears. They didn’t speak for the rest of the way to the campsite, not even as they paid at the reception. Once they parked at the lot Kylo wordlessly climbed into the back and curled up in the blankets. The sun was low in the sky, but not threatening to set for a few hours yet, many campers sitting in the warm air even as the last vestiges of rain fell. Their lot was slightly secluded from the other campers by small rows of trees but Hux still felt watched through the backseat windows; he silently vowed to buy some car blinds at some point as he followed his boyfriend into the back and cuddled him from behind. Hux rarely verbally apologised, even when he knew he was in the wrong, but he hoped that his silent comfort would soothe Kylo slightly. It was only because Kylo was feeling more hurt than angry that he didn’t get pushed off in a fit of rage. He kissed his broody love’s shoulder and muttered, “I love you, you know, honey?” Kylo turned his head slightly to look at him, “Don’t call me honey.” He muttered, gloomily. Kissing at his jaw now, Hux smiled, “No? Sweetie?” Kylo scoffed, tilting his head up so Hux had better access. “Not that either? What about baby? Darling? My sweet potato? My moon and my stars?” he teased, hand sliding down across Kylo’s stomach, toying at the waist of his jeans. “Are you trying to give me an apology handjob?” Kylo tried to supress a grin, but failed. Hux nuzzled into his throat, “That depends. Is it working?” Kylo smirked and urged Hux’s hand lower, “Why don’t you find out?” OoOoOoO Hux insisted on showering before they went out for dinner, Kylo trailing after him. They didn’t particularly want to drive into down so decided to walk to a restaurant that Hux had found on google maps a short walk away. “Apparently this is the River Somme,” Hux mentioned as they crossed over the small bridge, looking down at his phone for directions, “It might have been a nice walk if it didn’t take us miles away from where we want to go.” “I’m sure we’ll see so many rivers by the end of this trip that we’ll be sick of them forever.” “I suppose so,” Hux hummed, “I like rivers though, and lakes and the sea. There’s something charming yet dangerous about them.” “What, in the sense that if I pushed you into one you’d probably drown?” Kylo smirked. “I’ll have you know that I was one of the best swimmers in college.” Hux crowed, “Besides, this whole thing would be more charming if it weren’t for that run-down monstrosity in front of us.” “It is a pretty disgusting looking building,” Kylo agreed as they walked past it, trying to work out what it was. It looking similar to a mini power station, but with more cranes and building equipment. It certainly did shatter the picturesque feel that the campsite had provided. They looped through the streets outside of Amiens, passing rows of scarlet trees and small apartment buildings, their windows thrown open to let in the dewy evening air. It wasn’t a particularly breathtaking area, but the town had a certain feel about it, a quiet charm. It was similar, in many ways, to the towns back in England, but in the summer humidity it had a leisurely feel, as though all worries could be set aside for today, for tomorrow, for eternity. The low sun was casting everything in a dreamy light, evening birds chirping as though they were in a Disney film. Eventually they made it to the small restaurant, noting the limited parking spaces and were glad they had not taken the car after all. It was a pretty little building, whitewashed stone with ebony slats on the upper floors, large iron framed windows and sweet window boxes full of red pansies. Kylo earned himself a raised eyebrow as he opened the door for Hux, but made no comment. They were soon seated at intimate table by the large unlit fireplace. The interior carried much of the outside’s charm, the large windows making it bright and clean, but with rustic bare-brick and rafters. “Christ I can’t remember the last time we ate out.” Kylo sighed, perusing the menu “I literally want everything on this menu.” “I might like everything if I could tell what the fuck it is.” Hux groaned, “I can read like four of these things, and I’m pretty sure one of them is snails.” “Surely you must know more than that? How do you know so little French when your dad if a chef?” “He doesn’t talk to me in French, idiot, he just occasionally makes meals with French names and I have to do some code breaking to work out what the hell it is.” Kylo huffed, “Well, I don’t know about you but I’m not really in the mood for three courses, so how about just a main and the dessert? They have duck which I know is your ultimate favourite.” “Oh, I did notice that, the Magret de Canard au Poivre Vert?” Hux read, Kylo wincing slightly at the pronunciation, “I think two courses should be enough for me too.” “Awesome, I’m probably going to have the Pièce de Boeuf Mariné Salers à l'Echalote.” Kylo pronounced perfectly, setting the menus to one side, resting elbow on the table and his face on his hand. Hux leaned forward slightly in his chair so he could talk to Kylo more privately in the quiet murmur of the restaurant, “So, what are we going to do tomorrow? I don’t know if there’s much to do in Amiens; I haven’t had a chance to look yet.” “Hmmm, there are probably a few things here and there, but I think we should move onto Paris pretty quickly. There’s a ton to do there and we only have a few days a most to explore if we want to get to all those places on your map.” Kylo considered. “As much as you want to camp out in our car like a Tumblr hipster, I think that we should probably check into a hotel while we’re in Paris.” Hux replied, “Most place don’t let you check in until around 3pm so we can have a lazy morning tomorrow if you like.” “Sure, considering I have to make the two hour drive tomorrow. I’d prefer not to wear myself out wandering around Amiens all day.” The waiter came over soon after to take their orders, and they enjoyed a quiet conversation in the hour long wait for food. They didn’t realise how much of an appetite they had worked up through their day of travelling, and ravenously tucked into to their meals. After dessert and a few glasses of wine, they ambled out of the restaurant and enjoyed a tipsy walk back to the campsite. It was nearing ten and the sun had only just set as they settled down into their make-shift bed, the light in their car quickly shutting off and leaving them in the soft light of the moon. “I told you that you suffocate me with hugs.” Kylo whispered as Hux wrapped his arms around him and held him close. “Mhmm, and I told you that you were a furnace.” Hux muttered, “But in this case I don’t mind so much. It’s a lot colder in this car than I expected.” Kylo shifted his feet to wrap them around Hux’s own, causing the ginger man to yelp. “Ok, I take that back, fuck you.” Hux groaned, even as he held Kylo tighter.