Born in Grief, Bred for War Chapter 1 Born in Grief, Bred for War It began with small things being misplaced or taken. Small things that anyone but Hux would've missed; a missing pen, an empty glass left on the kitchen side, or the slightly rumpled duvet that looked as though someone had tried (and failed) to re-make the bed. At first, the General ignored the slight abnormalities, thinking that maybe he had (rather uncharacteristically) left his quarters in a less-than-immaculate state. However, he could not help but occasionally wonder about the strange anomalies that were beginning to occur. During his daydreaming, his thoughts would sometimes drift to memories of Kylo Ren, his lover whom he had not seen for many months now. He could not stop the pang of loneliness that cut through his chest, and he quickly dismissed the thoughts, returning to his work of commanding the Finalizer. After a while, Hux began to realise that more and more things are out of place, and the intruder seems to become more and more careless about keeping his presence hidden; dirty bootprints marring the clean floor. A stale slice of half-eaten bread accompanied by spilt milk that had been left to grow foul on the table, and, occasionally, random smears of blood on various surfaces of his dwelling. Sometimes, the General would also find puddles of vomit and bile if he was lucky. One night, he had returned to his quarters and found a severed hand resting almost innocently on the bedside table. He quickly tossed it out, not wanting to ruin his precious furniture with charred flesh and blood. He spoke about these strange happenings to Phasma, who merely smirked and laughed at him. “Do you honestly not know who it is?” She asked, staring at the General with a look of disbelief on her face. Hux bristled slightly, scowling at the Captain. “No, I do not.” He grouched. “Would you please be so kind as to enlighten me? Or are you just going to sit there and giggle at me like a teenage schoolgirl?” Phasma just continued to laugh at the ginger-haired man, corners of her eyes crinkled in mirth. “Oh General, you've found yourself a stray!” Hux huffed in frustration, and he promptly left the canteen, deciding that he would rather enjoy his lunch in his office. He began to leave food out for the unknown intruder; a small piece of cake, or a sandwitch. Sometimes, if he were feeling really generous, he would leave out a portion of a stir-fry he had made for dinner, or a bit of roast chicken. Some nights, he would return to his quarters and the food would be either gone or had at least been half-finished. Other days, the food would be untouched, still wrapped in cling-film. Despite how rude and uncivilised it was for one to enter another's private living space without being invited, Hux could not find it within himself to be annoyed at the intruder. He merely hoped to one day find who it was, so he understand the circumstances that forced whoever it was to end up scavenging like a rabid dog. He even searched through the security recordings, yet found nothing. He even stationed a pair of Stormtroopers outside his quarters, but at the end of the day, they had nothing to report, and had seen not hide nor hair of this mysterious intruder. In some ways, it irked Hux. This was his ship, and despite all his military and political prowess, he could now, for the life of him, find a single, lone scavenger aboard his own ship. He even once went so far as to sit in his quarters for an entire day under the guise of being horribly ill, hoping that this mysterious person who had managed to evade him would finally be reveal himself. But much to Hux's disappointment, no-one entered. He continued to leave out small morsels of food and drink for the person, and resigned himself to never learning the true identity of this uncivilised man. One morning, Hux stepped out of his quarters, only to nearly trip over the maimed and mangled corpse of a Stormtrooper, a shaky 'thank you' written across the man's armor in what appeared to be his own blood. The loss of a trooper at this time grated on Hux's nerves – a loss, no matter how small, would not help the Order rise again from their embarrassing defeat at the hands of the Resistance. He quickly called for maintenance to remove and dispose of the body, and he thought nothing of it for the rest of the day. Along with his increasing irritation at the absurdity of the situation, Hux was not worried about the whoever it was continually breaking into his quarters. He often spent the day rationalising the whole scenario - if this person truly wanted him dead, surely he would be by now? The intruder could simply lie in wait for him to return at the end of his shift and kill him. Maybe he'd be shot, or a blade would be pressed into his jugular, and he'd be left to bleed out on the floor of his own Star Destroyer. However, the General was fairly certain that this person wanted only to eat his food and use his bed. Much to his own surprise, the thought did not annoy him as much as he thought it would. That same night, Hux comes home to find a dark figure sprawled on the settee, trembling and whimpering as though he was either scared or in pain. The figure seemed to hear Hux's approach, for he quickly bounded off the couch and hid in the corner, cowering. “Please.” Whoever it was sounded frightened, weak, voice hoarse from either lack of use or screaming, the General did not know. “I'm sorry.” Hux sighed, shaking his head and flicking on the light. As the small room was suddenly illuminated in a soft, golden light, he was graced with the sight of a familiar face, one he had not laid eyes on for far too long. “ Ren?” Chapter 2 : In Heart, He is Cruel and Evil Notes: Hello. So, this ended up being far more popular than I expected, so I have decided to continue on with this fic. I do apologise for how long this took for me to update, but a family emergency reared it's ugly head and I have had very little time to write. If this chapter feels/looks rushed, then I apologise. However, next chapter of this! Hope you enjoy! ----- CHAPTER WARNINGS - Mentions of starvation and abuse. There may also be slight non-con elements (Hux jerks Kylo off, Kylo can't/doesn't consent), but that is about it. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) CHAPTER 2 In Heart, He is Cruel and Evil “ Ren?” Hux stepped forwards, advancing on Kylo in what must've been in an intimidating manner as the man's dark eyes widened and the Knight hissed at him; a sound that bared his teeth and twisted his handsome features into an ugly snarl. The ginger-haired man quickly stopped in his tracks as he eyed the now-feral man who was positively bristling at him, shoulders squared and eyes narrowed. Hux then realised the problem; Kylo was scared. After suffering what he could only assume was months of abuse and torture, it would be only fair that the younger man would be wary of him. The General couldn't deny that he was hurt at the thought that Kylo no longer trusted him, their relationship had been slowly built up over time, and now it seemed that Snoke had crushed all what they had built together as easy as one might fire a blaster. He shook his head – their relationship could be sorted out at a later time. Right now, he had more pressing matters to attend to, and Hux had always prided himself on his efficiency. He crouched down so he was eye-level with the Knight, tucking his shoulders and folding his tall frame in as much as he could to appear smaller to the other man, reaching out with his hand in an attempt to gently coax Ren towards him. Slowly, Kylo unfurled himself from his curled position against the wall and he began to slowly make his way towards the General, crawling on all-fours. Ren moved forwards slightly, flinching backwards when Hux's knee connected with the durasteel floor with a loud thud, but he inched forwards again. The General's outstretched hand was now mere inches away, and the older man could only wait with bated breath as Kylo closed the last few inches that separated them. The Knight gently butted his nose against Hux's hand, and the older man gently cupped Kylo's cheek before slipping his hand up to gently scratch behind the man's ears. “Good boy,” He murmured, the words tumbling from his mouth before he could even register what he was saying. “So responsive.” Ren purred, soaking up the affection like a plant does with water. “Where were you?” Hux made sure to keep his voice gentle. “It's been months.” And it's true; Starkiller had been destroyed almost eight standard months ago, and the last time Hux had seen the Knight was when he had saved him from the base, dragging his limp body through the snow. Two weeks after, he had delivered Kylo to Snoke, and had been forced to leave, return to the Finalizer and plan a counter-attack against the Resistance. Ren's eyes flickered between Hux's face and various points around the room... “Snoke.” He replied softly, still trembling, and the General decided not to press the issue further. Instead, he retracted his hand, and sat back on his hunches. “Let me see what state you're in.” He commanded. “Strip for me.” Now he was stripped of his robes and left in only boxer shorts and a sleeveless top, Hux could finally see the state that Kylo was in. He was horribly thin; where he had once been muscular and slender, he was now small and frail, as evidenced by the sharp cheekbones and washboard ribs. His hipbones were visible even through what little clothing he wore, and Hux felt a lump form in the back of his throat, as though he was upset that someone had hurt his Ren in such a manner. Continuing his assessment, Hux discovered that the Knight was covered in bruises and gashes. Great, purple splotches had blossomed over his ribcage and arms, and where he was so thin, his hips and spine bruised the skin. A long, deep laceration ran down his waist, and several other cuts and abrasions littered his body. His stomach knotted painfully, and Hux had to forcefully swallow in an attempt to halt the nausea that was currently rising. Hux gently brushed messy curls away from Kylo's forehead, peering into dark eyes with a curious gaze. “How did you escape?” He asked gently. “And how did you evade me for so long?” He received no answer from Kylo, who dipped his head slightly to allow Hux better access to his head. Hux sighed, his hand slipping down from thick locks to once again cup Kylo's cheek, thumb gently brushing over the scar that ran across his face, from the bridge of his nose and curving down to stop just below his right ear. His touch was gentle, tender, and it reminded Kylo of a time before Starkiller, before the scavenger girl. A time when it was just him and Hux, and the younger man found himself unable to stop himself from leaning into the touch, eyes slipping shut as he began to nuzzle into the General's hand. Hux smiled softly, caressing the Knight's cheek before letting his hand slip down, his index and middle finger brushing over a plush bottom lip before gently pressing into Kylo's mouth, the other man sucking them into his mouth, swirling his tongue around the slim digits in an almost sinful manner. It would've been arousing, if Hux wasn't so concerned with Ren's current physical state. However, the same could not be said for Kylo, who was slowly growing hard beneath his boxers as he continued to suck on the General's fingers. “Look at you,” he cooed, running his free hand through Kylo's thick, dark hair. “You still remember.” The Knight slowly began to take more of Hux's fingers into his mouth, and stopped only when he could go no further, swallowing round the redhead's fingers and closing his eyes. Hux was beginning to get caught up in the moment, and he moved closer to Kylo, bringing the man flush to his chest, hand slipping down and into his boxers, fingers wrapping around the Knight's swollen cock. “Going to make you feel so good, baby.” He murmured, hand swiftly and firmly stroking over the other man's dick. “Be a good boy, let me make you feel good.” Kylo began to pant in Hux's ear, burying his face into the juncture of his neck and shoulder as he felt the General begin to jerk him off, fucking into his fist with little thrusts of his hips. “So good for me...” Hux purred, smearing precome around the head of Ren's dick and stroking him just that bit faster, eager to bring the younger man to orgasm. Then, suddenly, it was over almost as fast as it had begun – Kylo was spilling into Hux's hand, broken whimpers filling the air as he rode out his orgasm before slumping into the General's arms, panting and trembling as the post-orgasm high began to flow through him. “Good boy,” He breathed running his fingers up Ren's spine, feeling every notch and bump of his vertebrae beneath his touch. “Such a good boy.” Long fingers tangled in dark hair. “My Knight.” Despite the blissed-out look that was plastered on Kylo's face, Hux couldn't help but feel disgusted with himself. Notes: Thank you for all your comments and Kudos so far!