123 one. Rey is all sunshine and smiles when she says, "He's an awful man, an absolute terror, so I think you’ll really get along. And, he can move in soon!" Kylo doesn’t find her amusing, and certainly doesn't think he needs a roommate, but it's an argument they've had before and he knows better than to try and interrupt his cousin when she's on a tangent. "His name is, uh, something Hux. Everyone just calls him Hux anyway, and he's Finn’s old boss. He got kicked out of his old place by his ex and... are you even listening to me?" "Trying not to" Kylo says more to his tea than to her. He has a hangover from the previous night and this is not helping. Rey pouts but she's never been one to give up. She continues louder than before, "you can’t just live in this old house by yourself, Ben." "Kylo" Kylo corrects, though he's just deflecting, his family will never learn to call him Kylo no matter how many times he asks and he's bitterly aware of this. "You can't live in Vader's house by yourself, Kylo" she amends, though he can tell she’s not happy about it, "It’s not healthy to be alone all the time, and how are you supposed to pay property taxes or feed yourself with no income?" He resents her concern; finds it patronizing. He wants to shout at her that he plays live shows at bars on the weekends and they do pay him, most of the time. It's not a lot but it is something that he earns himself without his family's help or approval and that's important to him. But he keeps his mouth shut, he knows she can give as good as she gets and he doesn't need a screaming match so early in the morning with his head hurting like this. He suspects that's why she likes to show up so early in the morning. He's usually hungover after a show and therefore more concerned with trying to keep down some greasy eggs than defending his honor against a cousin poisoned by his parent's sensibilities. Rey must notice he's getting to the end of his rope, however, and decides to cut her losses. She puts her empty tea cup on the counter next to the already full sink and grabs her jacket. "School taxes are two thousand dollars a year, here, Kylo Ren. You have two grand?" Kylo doesn’t say anything. Of course he doesn’t have that much money, and if he did it would go to a new guitar or studio time. Rey's eyes glitter like she's won something, though Kylo's not sure he agrees. He always has Snoke to go to, in a pinch. "Hux is coming to see the place this afternoon. Do the dishes and don't be a dick to him until after he's signed a lease, please" she's saying as she rushes towards the door, shutting it just in time to miss the ceramic mug Kylo’s thrown after her. two. When Hux arrives there are still dishes in the sink and broken ceramic by the door. Kylo ignores the knocking for the first few minutes, plucking at his guitar and hoping Hux will just go away. It doesn't work and it's distracting so finally Kylo shoves his guitar aside and storms down the hallway with the full intention of telling Hux or whomever else to fuck off. But the door opens on a well dressed young man with red hair and bright green eyes holding what looks like an envelope full of cash. "I'm Hux. Here's the money your, uh, cousin told me to bring," the red headed stranger is saying in an accent that vaguely reminds Kylo of Rey. He is momentarily floored, first by Hux himself and then by Hux's money. He takes the envelope and peeks into it, not sure what else to do. It's a lot. "First month, last month, and security" Hux tells him as he shoves past Kylo and into the house. He has no idea how to show an apartment but he's pretty sure this isn't quite right. "Don't you want to see the place first?" Kylo asks, suddenly concerned that he'd have to give the money back as he watches Hux step tenderly over a broken bit of mug. "Not really" is Hux’s reply, "It looks like an absolute shit hole but the rent is cheap, it's close to the university, and I don't exactly have a ton of options at the moment. When can I move in?" Kylo is caught between being annoyed with this man for critiquing his house, however accurately, and wanting to ask how much Rey decided the rent was. He thinks about what he could buy with the money and decides it won’t be the worst thing in the world to have someone around as long as they paid for things. He runs a hand through his hair and says, "You can move in now, I guess?" Hux gives him a smile that is clearly forced and says, "Oh, perfect, I’ll be right back." Not sure what to make of that, Kylo walks back into the house, up the stairs and props open the door of the room that used to be his mother's when she was young but is now just a dusty guest room. He supposes this will do well enough for Hux, it's got good sunlight as he recalls and is far enough from the master suite where Kylo sleeps that they won't disturb each other much in the night. For a moment Kylo thinks this will be easy. He'll collect money every month and otherwise never socialize with Hux when he's home, it'll be fine. He just has ask Rey what she decided to make the rent. three. He was not expecting the cat, however. It's a short haired orange thing named Millicent and it violently detests Kylo Ren. Every time he walks into a room the cat's tail expands to twice the normal size and it immediately darts under some piece of furniture. Kylo's pretty sure the feeling is mutual. Millicent is the only reminder of Hux even being there at first. The house is still a mess and Kylo's band still practices in the living room four or five times a week with no problems. From what Kylo can tell Hux is either hiding in his room or else pulling all nighters at the university. He's not sure, they never really talked before Hux moved in, but he thinks Hux does something with engineering, considering the blueprints and small mechanical trinkets sometimes propped outside his mother's old bedroom. It's not until the third week of living together that anything changes. It's so late on a Friday night that it's probably well into Saturday and Kylo is only just getting home from a recent acoustic set at one of the college bars around town. No one really listened to the music, though a drunk lady had danced and several polite people had clapped at the end of each song. Overall, not his worst show, and besides, he got some money and a few free drinks. Kylo buys himself a twelve pack of cheap beer at a gas station just before the blue laws kick in and heads home to get drunk and listen to some of his grandfather's vinyl like most weekends when he's not with his band. He's surprised to find Hux already in the living room when he gets there though, passed out with the cat on his stomach and his shirt riding up just slightly. There are pages and pages of math gibberish spread around the coffee table and the record player is making a soft crackling sound that means the album needs to be flipped. Something in Kylo feels vaguely betrayed, as he stands there staring at his new roommate. Those were his things Hux was touching. And though Kylo knows it's irrational to think that Hux would never use the living room; never touch the record player when the only television in the house is busted and there's no wifi he's still unhappy about it. He intentionally slams the door between the kitchen and front hallway. Millicent hisses and darts off of Hux, waking him up, and a vicious part of Kylo hopes she got a good scratch or two in on the way. Kylo doesn't apologize when Hux sits up on his elbows, hair and clothes a mess. Hux gives him a dirty look which makes Kylo feel better, though he knows he's being petty. He wants to break something, he always wants to break something. "Was your gig good, then?" Hux mumbles sleepily and gestures to the twelve pack, "you always buy those when you’re in a good mood." He says "good mood" like it's a private joke with himself. Kylo's caught off guard by the question, surprised that Hux would have picked up on anything about him when he barely noticed the other man was there. "Not really" Kylo says, "but it was acoustic so I got to keep all the money." "Huh" comes Hux as he adjusts himself into a sitting position "can I have a beer?" Kylo figures there's nothing for it, he puts the beer and his guitar down and goes to flip the album. It's some blues guy Kylo'd never been interested in, but is too tired to find a replacement for. "No, and don't touch my music anymore" Kylo snaps as the music starts up again. "Sure, sure" Hux says dismissively even as he helps himself to a beer anyway. Kylo is startled to find that he's not furious about it, even a little bit. He normally hates sharing but there's something about Hux's stubbornness that feels familiar. "Magic Sam is great, I'm surprised you had this album, not a ton of people know him and so much of your collection is shit" Hux is rambling, managing to sound both pretentious and dismissive at the same time. Kylo just nods, unwilling to let Hux know that he actually has no idea who the musician is, or anything about him. He's not really surprised to find that he likes the album though, Vader had good taste. Kylo sits next to Hux on the couch, and vaguely considers warning Hux about ever sitting in his grandfather's old chair but decides he'd sound too much like the monster from Beauty and the Beast if he does, or, worse, be asked about his feelings. Instead, they drink their beers in comfortable silence, Kylo still full of energy from playing and Hux in a sleepy daze. Kylo has another beer and then another, and changes the record once it ends to the Talking Heads. By the time he decides to ask Hux something, anything, why did you come here in the first place? What did Rey tell him? Who are you? Hux is asleep again. Notes: Thanks for reading! And for any feedback as well :) I'm suncityblues on tumblr