Prologue Queen Leia, who had gone through her knighthood, has a fiery disposition at the best of times, even as the years streaked grey into her hair. And when she was in a good mood, there would be raucous feasts. This is not one of them. The food is finer than usual, and the Queen is at the dias wearing the Chalcedony Waves, a customary effect whenever she issues a speech. But no entertainers fill the hall with music or merriment. Everyone simply watches the Queen. The very air is thick in the Great Hall, despite the autumn crispness. Poe looks around to see everyone else looking as confused and uncomfortable as he does. He seats himself at the nearest table while he ponders what this could mean. It is not a saint's day, there are no new nobles at court to introduce formally. Nor is there a birthday in the royal family--and, as the Queen had a twin brother, they had only one birthday between them. What he thinks of is a somber occasion: It is nearly the anniversary of the fifteenth year since the young Prince Benjamin Organa had been abducted. The King Consort had vanished, and the Jedi Sorcerer Luke appeared rarely at court even for love of his sister after his academy had been burned to the ground. Some said they had both gone mad with grief. "Knights," Queen Leia announced, with neither ceremony nor preamble, as is her custom. "Who has heard tell of the demon horse in Niima Forest?" Someone haltingly raises their hand, but she waves them aside. "You shouldn't have. We received a message from our dear brother Luke only this week. He wrote the message as soon as he saw the creature with his own eyes, which was a few days before that. What is this horse? A stallion, near twenty hands high and black as night. He has the look of a destrier, born and bred of the finest stock in any kingdom, but a temper as wild as a wolf. No one, horseman or wizard, can go near him." Poe's blood stirs at the prospect of such a challenge. "Luke, upon merely seeing the beast, was struck with prophecy! It is connected to our son, Prince Benjamin, he told us--matching the look of the mount my son was given by his knight-master Snoke, who betrayed us. Whoever captures this horse and brings it to the palace, alive and unharmed, will be the same one who brings Prince Benjamin back to us. All those who are willing may search. You may work together or with help from others. To this end, we offer--" At the closest table to the dias, Sir Lor San Tekka stands up, to his daughter's protest. His hair has long since gone grey, but his eyes are clear and his back straight as a lance as he salutes. "Your Majesty, I swore with my comrades in arms fifteen years ago that we would bring your son back or die. As the last one of that generation in this hall, it is reward enough to know that I have another chance to fulfill my quest." The Queen gives a rare smile. "Still, we must offer a token of our gratitude." Poe assumes a fiefdom, as she had offered fifteen years ago. He was old enough now to appreciate the gift of land. Instead, Queen Leia reaches up, and unclasped the Chalcedony Waves from around her neck. "Sir Trepio, the box if you please." Her oldest and most loyal knight, roughly eighty if he was a day, hemmed and hawed but withdrew a long wooden box set with white velvet, which housed the last remaining crown jewels of the Organa Family. The Queen lays out the necklace, and Sir Trepio holds the box up. "We offer the Chalcedony Waves in return for the horse, and our son." Silence falls throughout the entire hall. The Queen is spare in her attire, but makes up for it every time she wears Chalcedony Waves. They were worth a kingdom, and more. She allows no lady-in-waiting to clasp the jewels around her neck. The only Alderaanian silversmith left in the world, who held the necklace in regard to her own children and apprentices, could not inspect the necklace without the Queen's watchful eye. A few years ago, Queen Leia had used her own sword to behead a thief who had reached the third of nine vaults guarding the necklace. Sir Trepio, who had served her blood mother Queen Padme Amidala, was the only one allowed to touch even the box, much less the Waves themselves. "I am old," the Queen admits, casting her eyes down. While they were used to her informality, even Poe gasps--they have never seen her so vulnerable and frail. "Old enough to admit that I would rather see my only son alive and well than wear this gaudy trinket even once more. Volunteer at your leisure, children of my comrades in arms, to bring me the steed--and take care that he is unharmed! The beast had no knowledge of what evil his master's master wrought. I wish death upon no creature, besides the man who styles himself emperor, and rent my family apart in one stroke. Let this year start with a new hope, rather than sorrow for the past!" She waves both arms, her ceremonial white sleeves swinging, and the doors open of themselves. In pour waves of musicians and acrobats and dancers, bringing color and motion to every table. Yet, as Poe looks through the swirling ribbons and ignores the peals of laughter, the queen remains silent, her head bowed throughout the feast. At that moment, a fire sparks to life in Poe's breast, and he swears to himself that he will return the Queen's horse, her son, and the Chalcedony Waves. And that he will leave this very night. Yet, as quickly as Poe can eat his meal and snatch up a leg of lamb, Sir Lor San Tekka has already disappeared from the Great Hall. And so, Poe notices, has Dame Phasma with her squire Finn. Chapter 2 : Chapter 1 Though Poe reaches the stables not half an hour after dinner, he sees many other knights clamoring to get their things ready. If he wants any chance of catching the horse first, he should plan his route with care. Niima Forest is south of D'Quar, but the speed gained from taking the southern gate might be offset by the crush of other people who thought the same thing. Things could get ugly with so many fervent, heavily armed knights travelling together. Poe was a peaceful man, and vain. "Sir Poe," comes a familiar voice at the stables. "Evening, Sir Finn." Poe winks. "I see someone's raring to capture Kylo Ren's horse." "Poe!" Finn laughs and shushes him, his dark face still showing a flush of red. "Don't call me sir where Phasma might hear you. I'm still--" He pauses, raising an eyebrow. "Why are you holding a leg of lamb?" "Oh, dinner for my Bebe." He whistles, but when nothing happens, he simply tosses it into the straw of his destrier Chi's stall. "Don't sell yourself short. If you were my squire, I'd have dragged you to the queen for dubbing already." "Dame Phasma's much more strict than you," Finn says. He loads the lady knight's packhorse. "She's knighted nearly all of her squires, and you have... no squires to your name. She only takes a few months longer than most." "I am still a young knight! Training a squire would be prideful." Poe looks over at Finn's pack--ignoring the scoff. "Lead line, oats, halter--" "Yes, those are things people generally need to catch horses and bring them back alive. What are you bringing?" Poe looks at his own packhorse, then shrugs. "Armor, sword, lance, shield, rope..." He wipes his greasy hand on one leg of his trousers, and pats the breast of his coat. "Map..." A bark from the door of the stables, and they turn to see Bebe waddling towards them. Poe laughs. "And Bebe, of course!" He scoops Bebe up and plants a kiss on the orange dog's nose. She quickly wriggles out of his grasp and into the destrier's stall, where she falls to the lamb leg. "Seriously?" Finn's voice pitches. "You're bringing the basics and your fat lapdog to catch an unbreakable horse?" "Bebe is not a lapdog, she is a herding breed of the finest stock in Coruscant." Finn quirks an eyebrow at the stall, where Bebe is still eating. "I'll yield to the fat comment, though." Poe grabs the bone before Bebe can bite into it. "I figured since the horse is unbreakable, I'll save energy not trying to tame it at all. I'll rope it and drive it home." "You're not even bringing oats to feed it?" "It's survived long enough on grass since Kylo Ren loosed it." Finn frowns. "How have you lasted this long without a proper squire?" "Oh, the same way I suffered through having my perfect squire snapped up by the one knight who hates me." "Dame Phasma doesn't hate you," Finn assures him. "She just thinks you're lazy and prideful." - - - Rey tucks her basket of herbs against her hip and wipes her brow as she returns to the well-trodden path at the forest's edge, one leading to Takodana and the other to Jakku. People hail Rey, and come up to her with messages and reverence for Maz Kanata. There was never a time in Rey's life that Maz was not there. But the elders told stories of how the land around Niima was a desolate waste before she arrived. Maz made her home in the ruins of a castle called Takodana, a name which she kept, and the village which sprang up around it blossomed. She was no knight, nor lady, nor Jedi, she claimed, and the fact that she personally kept a tavern just off the courtyard of her castle spoke to that. But everyone called her the witch of the green, which she seemed not to mind. Closer to the manor, Maz Kanata's twelve children come to greet her. Some are fairhaired, some have dusky skin, some are tall, some are short. None of them look anything like each other, nor has there ever been mention of a father, and Rey has never asked why. They are all loud and robust like Maz, however. "Rey! Rey!" The two youngest, six and eight, come running first. Rey smiles, but quickly feigns a scowl. "The leaves are falling now, so I've no berries for you lot." "Mm-mm--" Jani shakes her head, and up close Rey sees they all look worried. "Mama says you're to come to the manor at once. She's got something important to say!" "I have to put these away at home," Rey says. But Miro, the eldest with dark, coarse hair tied into a series of knots around her head, and dark skin of a warmer, golden shade compared to her mother's, shakes her head and holds a hand out. "We mean Mother has heard of danger in the forest. I can put them away for you." Rey shrugs and allows Miro to take the basket, while the other children lead the way to their mother's house. Nearing sunset, Maz is sure to be found tending the tavern in the ground floor of the castle. The floors are bare, but clean--Rey wipes the dust off her boots at the door before she enters. The second eldest brother takes his younger siblings away to the castle, and Rey enters with the third eldest, Li. No one pays Rey much mind, besides a few lecherous stares from the more hard-bitten men, which she quickly glares to death. She searches for Maz's slim, dark form in the crowd, but the woman's voice rings out before she finds it. "Rey!" Maz waves from the counter. Li takes his mother's place at the bar. He is a comely youth with sleek black hair, almond-shaped hazel eyes, smooth fair skin, and a slim build, but despite looking like a minstrel, he is the best at keeping the more unsavory patrons in line. Maz takes her to the private dining room, which has already been set. Rey sits down, and while her stomach gnaws at the smell of hot chestnut soup, she does not pick up her spoon. Very little worries Maz Kanata outside of her young children's safety. While a benevolent woman for the rough company she kept, she has no qualms about turning down Unkar Plutt, who asks for her hand in marriage every few years. Rey herself was no soft maid. If there was something in the sprawling depths of Niima Forest which Maz was afraid of and warned her against personally, she could not help a clutch of fear at her own heart. "There has been an announcement from Luke Skywalker of a great black horse in the forest," Maz says. "A knight's destrier which was loosed and went feral. I do not bar you from Niima, but know that the horse is nigh twenty hands. I fear it is even more dangerous than a truly wild horse--this beast has been trained to stand his ground in the midst of battle, and likely to attack. Take one of my children with you. And if you see that horse, at any distance, come back at once." "Thank you, milady." The title slips out without Rey thinking of it. Maz cups Rey's chin in one warm hand. "I am no lady, dear child--and you are no slave. Not anymore." - - - The road is lonely, at dawn, by the West Gate. Poe lauds himself for making the right decision riding the backway to Niima, and only grows surer as he finds Sir Lor, his daughter Jessica, and her squire. "Sir Lor!" he calls. "Fancy meeting you here!" The squire turns, and glows beet red at the sight behind them, whipping her head around. Sir Lor gives an undignified snort. "You can put away those airs, young man. I know you've decided to skip out on the meat of the progress by heading westward." "Surprised I haven't seen Phasma here," Poe remarks. "Oh, well, she can hold her own with the progress." "She's headed north," Sir Lor says. "Surprised you didn't hear from so your boon companion." "What?" Poe nips in his heels to catch up with Sir Lor. "Why?" "Must be an errand," Sir Lor dismisses him. "You know how she is. Always needs everything in its proper place. Those poor squires of hers can't even remove their helmets without her bidding, I've heard." "But I saw Finn packing halters and feed. She'll be the last to reach Niima if she takes the north!" "And I suppose you want her lance in the tourney?" Jessica asks. "I'm not bothered. She can dally all she wants. She's the one with the best chance of catching that horse, after all. After that it's Father, and Sir Mitaka--still practically Phasma's squire--and me." "And anyone else?" Poe asks. "Surely there are more knights able to catch that horse." "Have you seen that woman?" Sir Lor says. "Her own destrier is nigh twenty hands, lad. It's a regular horse to her." "And she's a woman, besides!" "This isn't a unicorn, Jessica," Poe retorts, stung. He hangs back and scratches Bebe behind the ears, in the custom saddlebag he'd made to let her ride with him. "Seeing as I'm the best rider in the realm, I feel obliged to give you three a head start. It is proper and fair, as befits a knight of the realm." "Ah, lad," Sir Lor says. "A great rider you are, but there's no riding done when you tame a wild horse." - - - "Dame Phasma." His knight-master does not respond. Finn cranes his head over his shoulder, a difficult thing even in his light armor and riding helm, to see the north gate of D'Quar and the silhouette of the castle, several miles away after an hour of riding. He plucks up all of his courage to catch up with Phasma and keep speaking. "Dame Phasma, I thought we were going to catch Kylo Ren's horse." "We are." "The Queen said the horse was at Niima." "There is a horse at Niima," Phasma says. "I, for one, question whether it is Kylo Ren's steed. Mustafar is north of D'Quar. That is where he and Snoke dwelled." "But Master Luke said he saw it with his own eyes. He's a Jedi. And, well, knights ride their horses." "Luke is a Jedi, not a god," Phasma says. "I sent a message to Sir Mitaka asking for confirmation. The horse is stabled, as it should be. The rider is nowhere to be found, but that will be fixed later." "Shouldn't we tell the others?" "It is none of my concern if other knights believe that a horse as fine and particular as Kylo Ren's would be let loose instead of going to another rider, as is practical." Finn thought he'd used all of his courage before, but as he makes a move to mutter something and drop back quietly, he notes the size of Phasma's stallion, her sudden secrecy. "You--you want that horse for yourself." "Everyone wants that horse. Even your precious Poe wants that horse. I am the one most fit to ride it, and I say that with no pride." "But--" "Squire, Kylo Ren abandoned the beast. He has no need of it anymore--it would be a waste to let such a horse grow fat and useless in his stall. And I won't keep the Queen's son, if that's what you're worried about." "We should at least send a message to the queen, so she can pass it to the other knights. It is proper and fair." There is a long silence. While Phasma is not in full armor, she rides ahead of Finn and her posture betrays nothing. "Very well. At the next town, I shall write a message for the queen. But you must carry it yourself and I will not tarry." Finn breathes a sigh of relief. Notes: *straps on nerd glasses* - In Western folklore, there are a lot of instances of men transformed into something else and transformed after a woman shows them love. Beauty and the Beast is the most famous, but you could literally open a book of fairy tales to any random page and probably find a man transformed into a snake, wolf, horse, hedgehog, swan, stork, snail, bridge, rock, I'm pretty sure I'm missing something but you get the picture. In Eastern folk tales, it's women transformed into something delicate and beautiful, though there are a few cases of men. In Chinese folklore especially, horses are the most traditionally masculine animal, sooooo... *shrugs* - The largest horse in the world today is a little over 19 hands tall--roughly 6'5" at the withers. How very convenient, considering Kylo Ren is the largest non-cybernetic Skywalker at 6'4". Since horses were on the smaller side back in medieval times, Kylo Ren having a gargantuan, half-wild, pure black horse would be the dick-measuring status symbol to end all dick-measuring status symbols. - This story is all about chaste, pure, courtly love while Ben is a horse. I am in the trashcan, not the sewer. However: - HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA BEN'S A HORSE AND ONLY LETS REY RIDE HIM