By the third of the eight days navigation projected it would take the shuttle to reach the rendezvous point with the Finalizer, the drive still wasn’t fixed and Hux was only halfway through his report on the destruction of Starkiller Base and its implications for the First Order. They were fairly unsettling. The point of unleashing an unstoppable superweapon was to have the threat of it to hold over one’s enemies, to terrify them into compliance, into submission, and instead all the First Order had was more than five standard years of work with nothing to show for it except a system strewn with rubble and a New Republic finally galvanized into fighting back. Hux ran his hands through his hair. He’d studied the Death Stars’ weak points, of which there had been many, and he’d thought he’d addressed them. He still didn’t know how the shields had come down. The defector should not have had access. There should not have been a defector, in the first place. Everything was unravelling. Had unravelled. He wrote recommendations for steps the First Order should take, not knowing if he would have the opportunity to carry them out. Whether he would be demoted. Whether he would be executed. There was a noise behind him as the stateroom’s other occupant stirred, and Hux put down his data pad and seized the distraction. Ren had been unconscious when he’d found him and dragged him aboard the shuttle, and Hux had been glad of it. They’d barely escaped with the shuttle mostly intact as it was, and he would not have put it past Ren to dismantle both med-droids before they’d finished treating his wounds. The one across his face looked to be healing nicely under a layer of bacta, and there was no blood on the sheets that Hux could see. He sat on the edge of the bed as Ren blinked, saw him, and, inexplicably, smiled. "It worked ," he breathed. "The base was blown up before it could fire again," Hux corrected him, too tired to snap. "You’re on enough painkillers to drop a tauntaun." "No," said Ren. Even now he was determined to be difficult, his fingers clumsily moving across the sheets, some of that ridiculous hair falling across his face as he turned it towards Hux. "No, no, it worked. I didn’t think it would, I didn’t think it was—I didn’t think it could—I could—but it worked." "If you insist, your royal highness." He was more than certain this opportunity would never present itself again, so he gave in, reached out and brushed the curls back from Ren’s face, and Ren’s smile widened. He was, unsurprisingly, much more pleasant when drugged out of his mind, and this was the best Hux had felt in days, and— For the longest time, he’d thought of Kylo Ren as another soldier as he did, after all, have a place in the First Order’s hierarchy, and was given orders by Snoke, even though militarily Ren was a bigger disaster than the Battle of Endor. Any normal soldier, any officer, in the First Order who’d acted as Ren did would have been disciplined or drummed out long ago, and so Ren’s failings and failures had infuriated Hux. And then he’d walked in on Ren with his mask off. He’d given into the occasional idle speculation about why Ren went about masked all the time—it would not have, for instance, surprised him if Ren had thrown himself into a volcano to more authentically resemble Darth Vader—but he’d never expected Ren to look so young, so human—and he had not been expecting the hair, which was so thoroughly, so obviously not that of a soldier or an officer that he suddenly seemed far beyond Hux’s frame of reference, and Hux was left grasping for a way to understand how Ren fit aboard his ship. And it was a fitting cap to the worst week of his life that he didn’t find himself struggling to understand now, when Ren was stretched out all black hair, bandages, and bruises against the white sheets of his bed, and beaming up at him. Hux had been sleeping—when he could sleep—on the stateroom sofa, and the detritus of half-eaten rations littered the desk, and the ache of having lost Starkiller Base pounded in time with his headache. In any other circumstances he would have rejected the very notion of being attracted to Ren, would have fought it, would even have taken himself to reconditioning (not that that had worked when his parents had sent him when he was fifteen, or again two years later) rather than admit it. But there was a very real possibility he might be dead within a week, and it seemed prudent to save his strength for more important battles. And if smoothing Ren’s hair back seemed to bolster that strength, why not indulge? He envied Ren’s happy obliviousness, but petting the man’s hair until he fell back asleep gave Hux a moment of respite he found he’d badly needed, and afterwards it was easier to return to his report and face the future. * It was standard for patients to be removed from strong painkillers after seventy-two hours so as to not become addicted. Doctors had override codes, but med-droids worked on programming, and it was assumed the only patients without access to a doctor would be stormtroopers, who could either deal with the pain or be safely ignored or replaced if necessary. Hux only had reason to remember this when the ship started rattling. He handed the bridge, such as it was, over to Colonel Huhn and strode swiftly towards the stateroom. Once out of sight of the colonel and the stormtroopers, he began to run. When the door slid open, Ren was sitting up in bed despite the wound in his side, his posture radiating pain. His skin was blotchy and red from the chest up, and though he had his hands over his face it did nothing to muffle his sobbing, interspersed with the odd gulp and hiccough. Hux stood there, transfixed. He remembered Ren shifting his face away from his gaze in the holochamber. This would be counted a trespass of a far greater magnitude. But Ren would survive that better than he would a tumble into the bleak vacuum of space, Hux reasoned, and, more importantly, the rest of them would too. He crossed to the bed, grabbed Ren’s wrists, and said, "Enough." Ren was shocked, but recovered quickly enough to shake his hands free and demand, "What are you doing here?" The old anger and annoyance at Ren had been simmering in him since he quit the bridge, but the snarl in Ren’s voice and on his face, after yesterday’s smile and the way he’d nuzzled into Hux’s hand when Hux had tried to stop stroking his hair and return to work, irked him particularly, and he snapped, "You were in the process of tearing the ship apart, princess, what do you th—" Hux barely had time to register he was moving before the back of his head hit the wall. Constellations exploded in his vision, and he realized the force that had tossed him back remained a constant pressure at his throat as his vision dimmed like the star he’d drawn on to power Starkiller Base. And even as the room darkened, he felt a flare of resentment. If he was doomed to die, he would have preferred to die on Starkiller, instead of being tasked with rescuing this ridiculous, petulant child who was only going to kill him anyway— He fell to the floor and as he gasped in oxygen, he could hear Ren sobbing again. From the sound of things, Ren might tear himself apart before he had a chance to do it to the shuttle. It wasn’t a risk Hux felt entirely comfortable taking, so he stood up and slowly made his way to the bed, and after some consideration patted Ren on the shoulder. Ren responded by grabbing him, pulling him in. Hux was back to sitting on the bed, with Ren’s hair under his hands again. Ren seemed to be trying to curl himself into a ball, to make himself smaller, to tuck his face against Hux’s collarbone and dribble tears and hopefully only tears down Hux’s only clean uniform, while beginning to cut off the supply of blood to anywhere below Hux’s knees. It was ridiculous, but at least Hux could no longer hear the walls shaking and the hull screeching. Possibly because Ren’s crying was that loud. He did not consider himself particularly bad at consolation; his assurances that the consolee would do better next time, or that those the consolee was mourning had died for the sake of the First Order, for something right and true and necessary, had always seemed to work, but those were hardly appropriate in these circumstances. Not that Ren seemed to require any words, or anything more than the slightest pressure of Hux’s hand on his back and his presence. And half-trapped by Ren’s weight and grief, Hux began to think for the first time of the implications of who Ren once was—not merely in terms of taunts, or how it made the presence of Darth Vader’s half-burnt helmet in Ren’s quarters slightly less unsettling. If Hux had known that Ren’s father was leading the Resistance scum infiltrating Starkiller Base, the very last person he would have sent to deal with the man was Ren. Everything was personal to Ren, and the more personal it became, the less well he handled it. Hux had once inadvertently ignored Ren’s comm for two weeks and it had resulted in Ren hacking a TIE fighter into thumb-sized pieces. He had no idea what sort of father Solo had been, but while at best he’d have given even odds that Ren could kill him, the chance that he’d have been able to deal with the other intruders, especially the scavenger girl and the traitor he’d been so incensed about, after the fact was infinitesimally small, as Ren had proven by not stopping any of them. And if Hux knew that, then surely Snoke must know. And if Snoke knew— His Starkiller. The First Order’s greatest hope. Hux knew that some of the older officers in the Order, especially those he’d been promoted past, sneered that his experience was all simulator. But he ran the simulations now, set them up one after another in his head, and watched them play out as Ren’s tears slowly subsided and he collapsed, spent, against Hux, breathing through his mouth. Hux leaned forward and pressed a kiss to the crown of Ren’s head. Ren reacted as if electrified and shoved him away—but with his hands, not his mind, this time. "What are you doing here?" he demanded again, barely comprehensible through the congestion. "This shuttle has one stateroom and one med-bay. Which do you think we can more easily afford to sacrifice to your temper?" He’d never seen anyone try to wince and scowl simultaneously before. It was overdone and somehow fascinating. "You could have thrown one of the officers out of their cabins." "You don’t outrank me," Hux snapped, bristling. "But you said it yourself, General." Ren glanced at him from under eyelashes clumped together with tears, his face still blotchy. His eyelids were swollen. A piece of the scab had sloughed off, and he was bleeding across the bridge of his nose. "I’m royalty." Hux wouldn’t have expected Ren to bring it up, given his reaction to being called princess— " Not that," Ren said, sounding sullen instead of sly now. He dragged up the edge of the sheet and blew his nose on it. "Yet you can call me your highness, if you’re so inclined." "May," Hux corrected, automatically. "And stay out of my mind." Some of the scenarios he’d run through had technically involved treason. Well, all of them had, really, but in some of them he’d won— "You can’t imagine that was a surprise," said Ren, ignoring Hux’s orders and wishes completely. "Although—" He went still for a second, and then Hux found himself once more with a lapful of Ren, and Ren’s mouth inexpertly on his. For a second, Hux couldn’t quite believe it was happening. Ren was frankly so impossible that even after he could admit he was attracted to the man, the idea that it might be reciprocated in the least had only emerged in one of many scenarios, and not one in which he had survived. He kissed back anyway, taking the lead and Ren let him, parting his lips, gasping as Hux’s hand tangled in his hair once more. At least the med-droids had flushed his mouth out daily when they sponge-bathed him, but still Ren tasted of tears, and snot, and blood. Hux found himself thinking typical , and hoping it was not. Hoping there would be a next time. Hoping there would be more than one. At the realization, Ren hummed into his mouth, around his tongue, and Hux thought he was going to die, then and there. And then the door slid back in a puff of hydraulics. "Sir, we haven’t—" Ren had already recoiled, giving Hux enough space and air to snap, "Use the comm, Sergeant," and the door hissed shut again. He’d undergone enough resistance training that he would never admit that his first thought was to keep anyone else seeing Ren like this, red from crying, hair dark and wild, skin pale and so open to view. This was something he wanted hidden away from everyone else. This was something he and he alone should see. But all that came through the comm was, "Sorry, sir," as the ship ceased shuddering and the stormtrooper trod away. Ren was still more or less looming over him, a scowl on his bitten lips. "They thought I killed you," he said, indignant, as though he hadn’t been in danger of doing exactly that scant minutes ago. Hux laughed, tightening his grip on Ren’s uninjured side. "And here you were, saving my life." Ren stared down at him, quizzically. "Stormtroopers gossip. Your temper is legendary. And I’d like to see anyone dare to try court-martial me, having heard of this." "They wouldn’t," Ren said with a menace that would have been chilling, had his nose still not been stuffed up, and closed the distance again. He was still somewhat sloppy at kissing, but even more enthusiastic this time. He was also only wearing a few bandages and a catheter. Hux should not have found that appealing, let alone arousing, but Ren was naked and vulnerable in his arms, and that filled him with the desire to do—everything, and more than once— The furniture in the room had begun rattling once again. He pushed Ren back with a sigh. "We can’t. Not until we’re back on the Finalizer. Not unless you’d rather risk spilling us all into space." Ren pouted, but instead of arguing he leaned his forehead against Hux’s. It was… pleasant. And even if it had not been, Hux would have been glad that Ren had found that particular secret, and not the traitorous projections of Snoke’s downfall, of taking the empire for himself, of not destroying the Order’s greatest weapons for absurd, arcane reasons. Ren’s lips were so close that he could feel them stretching into a smile, which was—good. Royalty or not, he was happy to take Hux’s direction, even if he didn’t want to show it. And when they got back to the Finalizer, well. He hardly needed more motivation to win. But he wasn’t going to let Snoke take this away from him too. Notes: So after watching the movie, I thought, wouldn’t it be hilarious if Kylo Ren wakes up doped to the gills and thinks he’s finally free of this pain? But of course he’s not. Of course it’s not. Also, the First Order is terrible.