RE: Your Miscarriage (relttips) Kylo Kylo would be beyond angry He was no stranger to the burning that was rolling through him, flooding his veins. Hot. Anger felt as though it were setting him on fire. It was a suffocating feeling; he had never been affected quite like this before. Nothing had ever made him feel so deeply. Angry at himself, at everything. He wouldn’t understand why it happened It was consuming him. Pacing did not help; nothing he did made the frustration die. People were avoiding him, which was not anything new. He wanted to avoid himself. There was no way to escape from his own body or mind. Meditation was not a possibility, which was…strange. Impossible. How was it possible that this had happened? The more he thought along those lines, the longer he dwelled on that exact question, the hotter he felt. Anything he touched failed to burn. Why was it not destroyed? He’d blame himself After all, the one thing he had touched, created, something he had started to feel an attachment to—he had felt that growing life with the Force. Had his connection been so weak? Or had the child, feeling his presence, moved in retreat? Planets feared him. Jedi-killer. But for his own child? To shrink away. To die before—he had caused it, hadn’t he? Him having those breakdowns basically every time he thinks about it Kylo Ren seized the lightsaber that was at his hip. He easily slashed through the computer in front of him. A slash. So simple, so simple—how easy it was to destroy things. He thrust the laser sword forward. Sparks flew around him. Electricity was hissing through cut wires. You have to coach him through it along with yourself You had been a sobbing wreck for most the day, and yet when he had not returned you knew. It was easy for him to hide his face behind that mask. He was wearing it more often now than before. With your arms wrapped around your stomach—empty, empty, empty, and you tried to will this out of your mind before you could approach him so that he did not read your thoughts—you followed the sounds of destruction. Everyone else you bypassed was moving in retreat. The moment you stepped in the doorway, he paused mid-slash. You drew closer, watching his shoulders heaving as he breathed heavily. You set your hand atop his on the lightsaber’s hilt. Your thumb was over his. You nudged his thumb, and he, trembling in rage and pain, pressed down. The red light disappeared. You tell him it’s no ones fault, that these things happen “Kylo… Ren, please don’t… Don’t do this to yourself. It’s not your fault. It’s… it’s no one’s fault. It…it ha…it happens sometimes.” You were trying not to choke, because it did hurt. “No.” His voice was deep regardless whether or not he was wearing his helmet, however the volume he was able to achieve when the mask was covering his face amplified that depth. “It’s—“ “It’s not,” you said, placing your forehead against his back and wrapping your arms around him. His trembling, though still present, lessened at your touch. “I promise, it’s not.” Him not leaving your side when the doctor cleans you up All he knew was there was a lot of blood. The full extent of the ordeal had not yet hit him. Kylo Ren, helmet off, was staring at you with impossibly wide eyes. He would not leave. The nurses and doctor were on edge, yet entirely professional. You did not want him to leave. Your hand was squeezing his, and he was moving even closer. Directly at your side, his eyes on your face. Lost. He looked utterly lost. You both being weary of trying again It was tasteless, the mention that you could try again. It made sense that the two of you would be informed of how long you should wait before having sex again—yet why even bring up the possibility of impregnation? Kylo Ren and you both tensed at the idea. No. What if—? You shook your head, shuddering at the thought. He drew his hand out of yours, as though fearing that even touching you could cause a repeat of the miscarriage. Him destroying the med bay when he finds out Reality finally hit him with full its full impact. You swallowed hard when Kylo Ren seized the lightsaber from his hip. There was already a hole in the wall from where he had punched it. The red blade noisily sliced through every object within reach. You drew your legs up to your chest and watched; not horrified, simply shell-shocked. You both holding onto each other for dear life while sleeping Every night your hands were clutching at his shirt, his arms tight around you. The two of you did not release one another. Even when you awoke in the middle of the night, you had not relinquished your hold on him. When Kylo Ren would awaken, he would draw you closer. Him being extremely protective of you Even if he did wander off on occasion to release some of his pent up frustration, he never let you out of his sight. You could sense him a few steps behind you. Watching your every move. Items that were not within reach moved closer to you. He would use the Force so that you did not have to stretch. He did not want you to strain your body in any way. Kylo Ren ensured you ate correctly as well. Food was delivered when you were the least bit late in eating a meal. Nothing would hurt you in any way. Not letting you out of his sight. Not in a predatory way, but out of pure fear that he will lose you as well On those few occasions that you could not see him, you knew he was ever aware of your exact location. A tracking chip on a piece of your clothing. Another monitor that displayed all your vitals. You were never out of his sight even when you were physically apart. Him holding you while you cried, and him trying not to You tried to keep your crying silent, but a sob would escape you. Kylo drew you more tightly against himself. He shuddered, but his eyes would not redden. You knew he was trying to fuel his anger rather than cry. He did not want to cry. You half wished he would, knowing it would help. Him often sitting alone thinking of what life would be like if your child had survived And it was a sickening relief when you would catch him sitting and staring up at the ceiling. A few tears on occasion. He never had to tell you; you knew. You did it to, and so you knew full well what he was thinking of. Holding your baby in his arms if it had survived. Him and you teaching your child to walk, to talk, to read. Perhaps he would have taught your child how to use the Force. Kylo would stare at his hands sometimes with that soft, half-pained, half-fond smile. You knew he was picturing holding that little hand. And, the way his other arm was draped around empty air, you knew that you were there in his thoughts as well. All three of you together. . . General Hux Hux would be confused, you were perfectly healthy. Why did this happen? He had been addressing Captain Phasma when he had received the news. A pause. Blinking, trying to process things. You had looked perfectly fine when he had left you that morning. A little tired, maybe, but otherwise… Nothing had been wrong. Rushing towards med bay, General Hux wracked his confused mind for a reason. An explanation. How? How!? Him worrying about you all the time You felt him checking your breathing when you were quiet for too long. You were trying to sleep, yet it was hard to when he would place his ear near your mouth. Listen and feel for breath. You would blink your eyes open and assure him that you were okay. With a choked voice, not speaking of your emotional pain, you would tell him, “I’m fine. Don’t worry.” But he would. He wouldn’t show up to his post for days because he didn’t dare leave your side You had at last curled up in his lap with his data pad in your hands to get him to do any bit of work. He refused to leave your quarters, to go to his post. He never left your side, not even when you had to use the bathroom. General Hux would walk with you. The dedication he normally offered to his job was coupled with the affection he held for you. You told him that his officers would miss him, to which he responded that Captain Phasma would see to it that things were properly carried out. But he made sure that your responsibilities were taken care of “I need to get back to work,” you said after two days. You did not want to go, just wanted to pretend that things were normal. “The project—“ “I have delegated all projects you were assigned to other officers,” General Hux said. Him sitting down at a desk alone and crying. Hard When at last you had convinced him to return to work—if only for a few hours—General Hux had gone into an empty room. He had collapsed into the chair at the workstation. Resting his elbows on the desk, his wrists slack and hands dangling, he rested his forehead against the backs of his hands and heaved a sigh. Then sobbed. Quietly. Hard. It choked him, trying to remain silent. Tears were streaming down his face—he could not let anyone see him cry, not even you. Especially not you. And so, in the solace of that empty room, he felt himself losing it at last. Him shooing anyone off that tried to help him Phasma lingered sometimes, and he would scowl and ask if she didn’t have any stormtroopers to reprimand. She would slink away after several more seconds of watching him. Lieutenant Mitaka offered to bring the general lunch. General Hux ground his teeth, hissing out that he was fine, not hungry. The man, not taking any offense due to the circumstances, nodded and left. Him being afraid to touch you at times He had flinched when you had cuddled closer to him. You felt hurt, even if you did understand. You turned your head. Placed a hand over your mouth. He was trembling at your side, as though afraid have any physical contact. Afraid that being in any way intimate with you would put you through the tragedy anew. He barely kissed you anymore. Never on the lips. Always on the cheek or the top of your head. You both crying together And even though he had been doing it ever since your miscarriage, this time hurt you more than anything. You sobbed against your hand. Was he angry at you for losing the baby? Was that why he didn’t want to touch you? You asked him these things, tears streaming down your face and sobbing. General Hux’s voice caught in his throat. When you looked up, you saw his eyes were wet. He turned his face away so that you could not see him, and he pulled you tight against his chest, wrapping his arms around you and holding you close. He was trembling, silent sobs shaking his entire frame as you cried into his shirt. Him making sure to make you comfortable at all times before he thinks of himself He slept best on the side of the bed that he had placed you. It was closest to the bathroom, which made things easier on you at night. You told him it was fine, that you would sleep on your normal side of the bed, but he would hear nothing of it. The blankets were your preferred ones, though General Hux liked the old set better. It had been his idea to switch them out. For example, he makes sure you eat before he decides what he wants. He makes sure you’re sound asleep before him. He makes sure you arrive everywhere safely before he has to leave You were halfway through the muffin before he sat down to eat. He had gone out of his way to prepare your breakfast, and it had slipped your attention that he planned to have something different. It reminded you of the way he had made you comfortable the previous night. You speculated that you had fallen asleep long before he had. Everywhere you went that day, he was either at your side or calling you to be sure you had arrived. Which was in many ways unnecessary; you had worn the bracelet he had given you, the one with the tracker in it, so that he would not be worried about such things. Him asking people to give him updates on your health, location, etc You saw people glancing your way then turning to speak on their communications device. You could not help but smile. You had told him to stop asking you every few minutes how you were doing. Everyone else was reporting your mood to him. Whether or not you were eating. Smiling. Crying. Shopping. Finally you called him up. “I’m fine… I love you.” A soft sigh of relief from him. Your call would not stop him from asking, you knew, but at the same time—well, you did your own check-ups on him this way.