Hux pressed his thumb to the sensor on the door, waiting for the computer to recognize his fingerprint. Apparently even technology was groggy in the morning. When the light finally turned green and the door slid open he pulled his glove back on and stepped into the office, going over his schedule in his head. The whole day was planned out, down to the minute, but even then he knew that something would without a doubt go awry and everything would be ruined. Hopefully he would be able to get a decent chunk of work done before that point. Then when he turned on the light and looked around the room he realized that he may as well just throw his whole day out the window. He had known something would happen. He just hadn't expected it so early in the morning. ”The least you could do is knock." he said peevishly. He stared expectantly at the figure standing by the window, waiting for the familiar hissing noise that added unnecessary drama to the moments when Kylo took his helmet off. But then unnecessary drama was kind of Kylo’s thing. "Why are you here, Ren?" he asked, tossing his hat onto his desk and draping his coat over the back of his chair. Kylo set his mask down on the windowsill and pushed the hair out of his face. "I wanted to see you. I've been gone for a month. Didn't you notice?" Kylo inquired, moving away from the window to stand behind Hux. "No." Hux said shortly, bending over the desk to type in his password. As he was booting up his station he felt arms encircling his chest and teeth grazing his ear. "And I would rather you stayed gone." Kylo smiled against Hux’s neck, rutting up against his backside in the most infuriating way. “I have a hard time believing that.” Kylo murmured. Hux bit his lip but didn't protest, for now. After all this time he still wasn't quite sure how to react to Kylo's advances. Their relationship was something of a grey area in his life; He didn't know how he felt about it, how Kylo felt about it, hell, who else was aware of it. For all he knew Kylo and Snoke spent their student-teacher meetings laughing their asses off about Hux's sex noises. The thought alone made him shiver. "Ren, I don't have time for you now." he insisted, pulling away from Kylo's touch. He refused to admit to himself that he was reluctant to do so. Kylo snorted and sat down in Hux’s office chair, watching the holographic screens flickering to life above the table. "If you just let me do what I want," he said, tilting back and forth. “I’ll leave. It’s that simple.” Hux ignored him and tried to focus on the screens, scanning through reports and plans as they popped up, but he wanted more than anything to say yes. It was one of those mind tricks, he knew it was. But he was stronger than that. All he had to do to resist was ignore the nagging voice in the back of his head urging him to strip. For awhile they remained at a standstill, Hux trying to work while Kylo meddled in every way possible, deleting tabs, restarting the system, typing inappropriate memos and broadcasting them on the intercom. Hux scowled and tried to retract Kylo's latest message to Phasma requesting pictures of her tits. At this point he was seething, and Kylo was laughing like a madman as he spun around on his chair. This literal pain in Hux's ass had apparently decided that his dick was more important than the entire First Order. It was mind boggling. A gift like his and all Kylo used it for was making Hux's life a living hell. Hux sighed and shut off the holograms. He hated losing. Seeing that he was needed, Kylo jumped out of the chair and smirked. "Is that a yes?" "Just knock me out, would you? I need sleep anyways." "What's the fun in that?" Kylo purred, biting the side of Hux's neck. "I like hearing you admit you like me. And the only time you say it is when I'm fucking your brains out." His cockiness was irritating. Never mind appeasing him, actually. Let the brat whine; Hux had more important things to do. He pushed Kylo away again, scowling. “Well, I don’t like you. Find yourself a different chew toy, Ben. I'm busy." Kylo’s face darkened upon hearing his birth name, as it always did. Hux could have sworn the air around him crackled with a sort of unstable electricity. Good. Hux liked antagonizing him. Kylo sat down on the edge of the desk, his arms folded across his chest. “Like that’s going to happen.” He rammed Hux against the wall and pinned his arms above his head, all without standing up. "Oh so now it's okay to use the Force." Hux choked out. Kylo rolled his eyes and pressed himself to Hux, tugging his tunic up off over his head, stooping to mouth at the base of his neck. “I have a question. Do all Force-users have a thing for necks, or is that just you?” "Shut up." Kylo snarled, pressing up to Hux and biting down on his ear. "Or I'll make you." “You’re really just proving my point, you know that?” Hux gasped. It was getting harder and harder to be sassy. Kylo had unzipped Hux's pants and was massaging the bulge in his shorts, pulling off Hux's shirt as he did. Hux gulped and closed his eyes, letting Kylo push him down so he was sitting on the windowsill. The tinted glass was cold against his back, causing goosebumps to rise all over his body. But for all that Hux felt as though he was burning up. At some point his shorts had ended up bunched around his ankles, and his pants and boots had disappeared completely. Also worth noting was that his knees were up near his ears. He hadn’t known he was flexible enough to do that. He felt a jolt travel up his spine and looked down, letting out a shuddering gasp when he saw what Kylo was up to. Kylo was doing...things. Really inappropriate things. Gently put, whoever said that you only use your ass for sitting was missing out, big time. He kicked Kylo in the ear, making him look up. “Enjoying ourselves, aren’t we?” Kylo snorted and continued to nuzzle his face between Hux’s legs. “Not as much as I could be. I’m just being considerate. Aren’t you going to thank me?” “Why would I-“ A strangled yelp got in the way of whatever he'd been about to say. Kylo, not even giving Hux the opportunity to adjust, had picked him up and slammed him facedown on the desk. Hux pressed his cheek against the table, trembling as Kylo pushed inside him. Tears pricked his eyes and he cussed, his fingers scrabbling for purchase on the shiny black tabletop. "You little..." Even as he complained he was pushing back to meet the thrusts, pushing down in an effort to keep their bodies as close as possible. Although he was fucking ticked, he knew he needed to feel this, needed to be convinced that the past month hadn't happened. The pain was here and now, just like Kylo. It was like he had never left, like he would never leave again. But just so we’re clear, Hux hadn’t missed Kylo, not one bit. His cock rutted against the edge of the desk and he groaned. It happened again and he struggled to stand up straight, shaking his head and gasping. "Jesus fucking Christ that hurts. Ow. Ow ow ow ow what the fuck." Kylo rolled his eyes and snorted, shaking his head. “Wuss.” He did turn Hux face up though, but mostly just to laugh at him. "Christ, you're loud. Do you want the whole base to know about this?" He rolled his hips and Hux jerked against him, nearly falling off of the table. "Maybe it would be best if you couldn't move." Not a second later, Hux's throat closed off and his muscles seized up, freezing him in place. As Kylo's hands worked their way up Hux's body he tried to squirm, all too aware of his pasty skin and protruding ribs. Then he felt Kylo’s lips wandering across his chest and he was suddenly okay with the indignity of being inspected like a prize pig. Kylo seemed to be enjoying himself. He looked down at the general's flushed face and grinned. "This is a pretty undignified position you’re in, isn’t it?” He shook his head, his dark eyes locked on Hux's own. “What to do with you?" Hux grabbed a handful of Kylo’s hair and snarled, otherwise helpless in his involuntary silence. “You know, I've just realized something. I can do whatever I want to you, General." he mocked, digging his nails into Hux's sides. "Can't I?” “Someone has delusions of grandeur.” Kylo’s eyes narrowed and his lips pressed together in a thin white line. Hux smirked. He knew he was goading him on, pushing him to become even rougher. That was his goal, after all. “They’re not delusions.” He insisted as he bit down Hux's chest, leaving bright red marks all over his front. Hux guided Kylo along with the hand he still had tangled in his thick black hair, tugging him up so he could press a kiss to his pale cheek. "I hate you." he whispered, his breath warm on Kylo's neck. Kylo squirmed as Hux pulled at his ear with his teeth. ”I really fucking hate you." he reiterated, massaging his cock and blinking up at the offending party accusingly. "But you'll still let me fuck you, right?" Kylo asked, grabbing Hux’s face and tilting it forwards, forcing Hux to nod. Hux nuzzled his face against Kylo’s hand, sucking his thumb into his mouth and biting down on it. "What the fuck do you think?" He hooked his legs on Kylo's shoulders and shrugged. “Your dick’s your only redeeming quality.” "Sex makes you so rude.” Kylo kissed the leg that Hux had slung over her neck, grinning. “This isn’t sex. This is assault.” “If you keep talking I just might knock you out.” Kylo threatened lazily between hot, urgent kisses. “Please do.” Grinning, Kylo bent down to kiss him one more time before returning to the matter at hand. When he pushed back in Hux swore, his voice hoarse on account of Kylo’s grip on his throat. Kylo smirked at the outburst and tightened his hold. It was fucking hot, this side of Hux. The man was practically made for sex. Tensile and responsive, desperate for any touch. So much so that whenever Kylo stopped moving Hux dissolved into a whining, cussing mess. They both knew it, and it infuriated Hux to no end. After a few minutes of Kylo abusing that fact Hux was red as his hair, dripping with sweat and letting shuddering gasps escape from between his clenched teeth. Kylo decided that now was a good time to wrap a hand around Hux's cock and jerk him off, freezing him in place again. Only when tears were streaming down Hux's face did Kylo even begin to consider maybe letting the man come. "So I've been thinking." he began, running his fingers over the tip of Hux's cock. "You might want to come or something, right?" Hux let out a high pitched whine and tilted his head back, his chest heaving. Kylo dug his nails into Hux's thighs and smirked, loving the way Hux’s whole body trembled, loving what he had done to him. He sort of wanted to keep Hux frozen; Those noises he made were really doing it for Kylo. But, then again, he didn't want to risk breaking him. "I think that can be arranged." The second Kylo released him Hux yelled and came with a jolt of pain, his vision tinged with black spots, his hearing with white fuzz. Blind and trembling, he pressed himself to Kylo, letting himself go limp in his arms. Kylo, who was still thrusting gently as he fiddled idly with Hux's leaking, red cock, grinned and let Hux latch on to him, tilting his head back so Hux could kiss his neck. “That was fun.” he decided. When Hux had gathered whatever remained of his senses he pulled back and glared at Kylo, a resentful glint in his eyes. "You used your mind tricks, didn't you?" Kylo pushed the damp hair away from the back of his neck and shrugged, his movements almost casual. “What does it matter? You obviously enjoyed yourself.” He pulled out and flopped down onto Hux's chair, his arms thrown behind his head. "I'd kill for a blow job right now." he muttered, his eyes still squeezed shut. Hux grit his teeth and turned away, but it wasn't long before he figured it was a bit too late to save face. Giving in to whatever it was that Kylo did to him, Hux slid off the table and pulled himself over to where Kylo was sitting. Come was still dripping down his thighs, spilling onto the floor. He couldn't quite bring himself to care. Kylo opened his eyes and grinned, watching as Hux settled himself between his legs. “And what are you doing down there?" he teased, nudging Hux with his toe. Hux pushed Kylo's legs apart and rested his elbows on the seat of the chair. Kylo grabbed Hux's hair and grinned, tilting the redhead's face upwards. "It's not what I think it is, is it?" "I want to suck your cock." Hux said, not really knowing how else to put it. "Well, no one's stopping you." Hux rolled his eyes and pressed his lips to Kylo's bellybutton, slowly working his way downwards. Kylo shuddered, strangling a groan as Hux locked his lips around his cock. It didn't take long for him to come, and when he did Hux pulled away, figuring that was the end of it. So he was surprised when the grip on his hair tightened and Kylo shook his head, not looking at him. "No." he mumbled. "Not yet." Hux shrugged and let himself relax against Kylo's body. A pause ensued, five minutes at most but indefinite for the two of them. Hux could feel himself dozing off against the warmth of Kylo's thigh, but was roused by calloused fingers swiping the locks of hair away from his face. He opened his eyes and shifted, biting Kylo's hips for want of something to do. "Hey." Kylo slid his hand down the side of Hux's face, his thumb catching on Hux's lower lip. “Look at me.” he said, his voice almost small. Hux paused before doing as he was told. Kylo's face was serious as ever, but something was missing. His gaze wasn't focused, his eyebrows weren't furrowed in concentration. It was like he wasn't making Hux do anything, he was just watching, waiting. The seconds dragged on, as though time was moving through water, flailing, trying not to drown. And Hux didn't mind at all. His cheek was resting on Kylo's stomach and Kylo's hand was resting on the top of his head. He had closed his eyes and was breathing steadily, his hand buried in Hux's disheveled hair. Not a bad place to be, really. Hux could get used to this. Then Kylo's communicator beeped and the spell on them was broken. Kylo zipped up his pants and grabbed for where it lay on the desk, pushing Hux aside. "What?" he paused as whoever was on the other end spoke, readjusting his clothes while he listened. "I'll be right there." Hux stared up at Kylo, his gaze blank. Kylo looked back at him and grinned, reaching down to wipe the come off of his chin. ”How did you get it in your hair?" Hux swatted Kylo's hand away and stood, wincing as he walked around the room, retrieving his clothes. He could feel Kylo's eyes on his body and he turned to him, scowling. "What?" "You're waddling." Kylo pointed out. He was mostly dressed and had started to spin around in Hux's chair again. "Your subordinates are going to notice. At least you don’t have to march, then it would be really obvious. It's too bad that you don’t, actually. I would pay to see you on parade.” Suddenly his expression shifted and he tilted his head, looking intently at Hux. "You want to ask me something." he said. Hux blushed and looked away, furious that he'd been found out. “Stop rooting around in my head. I have to get this place cleaned up.” He tossed Kylo his helmet and went back to dressing himself. "See you around, Ben." "Fuck you." Kylo said shortly. He slung his cape over his shoulders and then he was gone, the door sliding shut behind him. Hux was left standing in the middle of the room, feeling very alone for no particular reason. After a few minutes of standing he stiffened, feeling something wrap itself around his ankles. He looked down in time to see an orange blur dart across the room and jump up on the desk. Some of the tension bled out of his shoulders and he grinned, walking over to run a hand through Millicent's short ginger pelt. It wasn't all that different from his own hair, actually. "What are you doing here, Millie?" he asked softly. "Did you get in through the vents again?" She rubbed against his hand for a moment then hopped into his hat, looking satisfied with herself. At first he didn't object, but then he caught a glimpse of himself in the reflective surface of the desk. He had a severe case of sex hair and no gel to rectify the situation. He turned back to Millicent and rubbed her back. ”Sorry, pet. But I need that." Ignoring him, Millicent curled up and closed her eyes, knowing he wouldn't even try and wake her. He sighed and racked his fingers through his hair, hoping it wasn’t as bad as he thought, or at least that he would be able to hide inside for awhile. Then he noticed the camera on one of the screens was alerting him that someone was at the door. What great timing. "Enter." he called out. He flipped through the other files onscreen, coming to grips with the fact that he had lost over twenty minutes of the day. It wasn't like him to do that. "Sir, why is that animal in here?" Phasma's imposing frame seemed to take up the whole office, her armour glinting silver in the low light from the window. Hux called her "Fancy Stormtrooper" when he was sure she couldn't hear him. Ignoring her question, Hux shut off the holograms and sat down, running a hand through his hair. "What is there to report, Captain?" He knew she would launch on a ten minute spiel. Usually he could listen, but today that was out of the question. "A Resistance base was discovered in the Lester quadrant, however it would seem that it has been abandoned for some time and as such…" As Phasma droned on, Hux's mind wandered back to Kylo, the look he'd given him. That had been some intense eye contact, nothing like their usual encounters. Interaction between them afterwards was usually limited to a scowl from one and a cocky grin from the other. There had never really been an after, now that he thought about it. They barely said goodbye half the time. "A new shipment of cadets is inbound, numbers are up ten percent from a year ago…" It had been eating at him for awhile, the question of what he meant to Kylo, if he meant anything at all. Just what they were was a mystery to him. They weren't friends, that's for sure. Lovers was out of the question. So really all that was left was coworkers. But Hux felt that it was uncommon for coworkers to engage in such activities and remain nothing but coworkers. If he was the equivalent of a sex doll, fine, he could deal with that. But if there was something else going on he wanted to know. He just wanted to know. "…And I lost you four minutes ago, didn't I, sir?" Hux blinked and looked back at Phasma, who had removed her helmet and was regarding him with detached concern. Not concern for him, of course, but for how his state would affect others, the group at large. An admirable mentality, one that Hux could never hope to duplicate. To her there was only the machine, not individual gears and springs. Then the flip side of her unquestioning loyalty occurred to him for what might be the first time. Her sense of self must have shrivelled up and died ages ago. What are her hopes, her desires? Hux wondered. Or has she done away with those as well? “Have you slept at all in the past week, sir?” she prodded. Hux glared at her, suddenly finding the impassive look in her eyes irksome. “Attend to your troops, Captain.” he said sharply. Without another word she replaced her helmet, saluted, and walked away, her cape billowing out behind her. Hux listened to the metallic sound of her footsteps echoing down the hall, the rhythmic clanging almost lulling him to sleep. She had definitely been staring at his hair. He reached for his hat, then recalled the ball of fuzz currently inhabiting it. How he envied Millicent. Nothing to do but sleep, eat, and occasionally receive affection. “What do you think that was about, Millie?” he mumbled, scratching under her ear. She sat up and blinked at him, her big brown eyes bright and curious. "What do you think has Ren even more out of sorts than usual?" Apparently incapable of giving a straight answer, Millicent nipped at his hand and leaped out of the hat, disappearing back into the vent from where she had probably emerged. Hux sighed, brushing the cat hair off of his desk. “Thank you for your input.” he mumbled, leaning back in his chair and closing his eyes. An answer, Ren. Would it kill you to give me that much? Chapter 2 Well this sucked. Kylo extinguished his lightsaber and shoved it back into his robes, leaving the stormtrooper who had bumped into him twitching on the floor. Sanitation could deal with that. As he stormed through the halls those who found themselves in his path jumped out of the way well before he even came close. To put it lightly, the stormtrooper from earlier wasn’t all that unique. Kylo’s pace matched the low throb of the base’s engines, the rhythm of their fierce machine working its way into his head. Starkiller thrummed with constant energy, reminding him he was standing on what essentially amounted to the galaxy’s largest ticking time bomb. At least it wasn’t his job, worrying about whether or not the thing would implode. Let Hux think about that. Speaking of Hux, that had been weird, earlier. Too weird. He had made things weird, he could tell. He hadn't even read Hux’s mind and he knew that he had fucked up. He pulled out the lightsaber again and slashed it across the first control panel he happened upon, startling the technicians, who were smart enough not to protest. One of them was a redhead. Kylo snarled and continued on his way. Fuck this bullshit. Casual sex shouldn't be this complicated. That's what made it casual for goodness sake. Once he had made his way outside he relaxed a little, but only because there was nothing within immediate hitting distance. Starkiller's desolate landscape didn’t offer much in the way of distraction. But that's what they got for setting up shop on a fucking ice planet. He trudged through the blanket of snow, the saber dragging behind him, surrounded by a hissing cloud of steam. Kylo was headed towards a domed structure a little ways off from the main base, primitively constructed from slabs of black and grey stone. When it had been built it must have seemed impressive, though, at least to the natives. The antechamber alone stood at thirty feet, the sanctum itself was taller by another dozen. At some point it had probably been a temple, but the Order had repurposed it. Kylo stood in the middle of the room and looked up at the empty dais, and while he waited he tried to banish Hux from his mind. It was more difficult than he anticipated. The look on Hux’s face that morning, Kylo couldn’t shake it. There was something new there, something he wasn’t ready to understand. Lust he recognized, desire to an extent. But feelings like the ones he had caught flickering on Hux's face, drifting through his mind, those were completely foreign to him. He was scared of them, scared of what they would do to him. But at the same time he craved them, needed them, needed to know that Hux felt that way about him. And he hated himself for it. As the hologram flickered to life Kylo removed his mask and kneeled, a scowl on his face. Fuck it. He wasn’t looking for approval, especially not from some redhead asshole who wore a coat with shoulder pads. He took a deep breath and looked up, resolute. With Snoke's help, eventually this too would be beneath him. "I have a report, Supreme Leader.” The scars on his face twitched and Snoke reclined in his throne, long, tapered fingers folded in his lap, a heavy robe draped over his still frame, the image of serenity. “I sense anger in you, apprentice. But then I've come to expect that.” Kylo bowed, his eyes fixed on the floor in front of him. “News has arrived regarding the map's whereabouts. We will find it, and the droid which carries it, on Takodana.” "Excellent. Soon Skywalker will be within our grasp, and that will be the end of the Jedi.” He cast a pointed glance at Kylo before continuing. “Remember, Knight, when you go to him, Skywalker will try and convince you to return to his side. Your resolve must not crumble, and you must remember: Light is what tempts you, what keeps you from realizing the full extent of your powers. You are strong, and more balanced than any force-user who came before you. But that means your road is fraught with peril." "How so, Supreme Leader?" "Some argue the choice to pursue light is noble, a mission that brings order to our world. I disagree. Light is but the haven of those who fear the extent of their own powers, who allow themselves to succumb to pride." He leaned back, his lips a tight line. "The Jedi believed themselves heroes, martyrs, anything but the cowards they truly were. And they claimed that those on the Dark side were the ones who succumbed. They were mistaken. We are the ones who rose." Kylo nodded, trying to look Snoke in the eye and failing. He knew that Snoke was in his mind, probing around, trying to discover what Kylo was hiding. Kylo took a deep breath, trying to keep up the walls. “I will not be seduced.” he promised. “What must I do? To fight the pull to the Light?” “Ask yourself what is tethering you to that side of your legacy. Find it. Capture it. Destroy it. Only then will you be free.” Snoke relaxed into his throne, his watery eyes intent on Kylo. "I think you know what you must do." Kylo licked his lips and nodded, his grip tightening on his mask. “Your father…” “Han Solo means nothing to me." His voice was almost a snarl, twisting around the name as though to strangle it. Snoke nodded and gathered his cloak around himself. "Good. Then see that it is done." Snoke rose, shimmered, and disappeared, leaving Kylo alone once more in the obscurity. He got up and dusted off his robes, going over all that Snoke had said. It was true, all of it. Every sentence, every word. And yet... Kylo shook his head and took a deep breath. “I will not be seduced.” he swore to himself as he lowered his mask. He couldn’t afford to be. ---- As he walked out into the cold Kylo realized he was trembling, anticipation and nerves fighting for a place in his mind. He took off the mask and breathed deeply, the shock of cold air numbing his throat, slowing his breaths. So he had been right all along. The death of Han Solo would be his salvation. He tilted his head back, letting fledgling snowflakes dust his face. Once he was dead Kylo would be free, finally free. His glance fell on headquarters and he scowled. He didn’t want to go inside quite yet. No harm in taking a longer route. He skirted the outer edge of HQ, teetering on the edge of cliffs, skirting gorges, trying not to slip on the rocks and rotten wood and ice. Then when his feet hit concrete he looked up and stopped in his tracks. He had wandered onto the landing pad behind the main building. It was empty aside from himself and one other person. Hux was huddled under an concrete outcropping by the back entrance, a cigarette dangling between his lips, his shock of red hair hidden under his hat. He had been staring at the horizon, his gaze slightly skyward, but he turned when he heard the rustle of Kylo's robes and the skid of his boots. His face darkened and he snorted, flicking ash onto the ground. "And here I was looking for some peace." He tilted his head back, exhaling a puff of smoke that got carried off in the breeze. "Shouldn't you be taking out your angst on some expensive equipment right now? That's usually what happens after you and Snoke finish your little chats." Kylo didn't answer right away, his eyes glued on the bruises just visible above the collar of Hux’s overcoat, four purple fingerprints and the likeness of a thumb grasping his throat. “I thought you had work, general." “I couldn't concentrate." Hux took one more puff and relaxed against the wall, flicking down the cigarette and stubbing it out with the heel of his boot. He somehow managed to catch Kylo’s eye through the mask and raised his eyebrows. “Whose fault do you think that is?" Smoke was still rising from the corners of Hux's lips, mesmerizing Kylo, quickening his pulse, overtaking his reason. He wanted to push Hux against the wall, silence the arguments that would form on his lips. He wanted to kiss those lips, pull at them with his teeth, part them with his tongue. No. Kylo narrowed his eyes and grit his teeth. Beside him Hux stiffened, a choked gasp caught in his throat. “Talk to me like that again and you'll regret the day you were born.” “Someone’s testy.” Hux managed. Kylo scowled and slammed him against the wall, the thud of his body against stone bringing up thoughts he really didn't need right now. So when he turned to leave he released Hux, who slid down the wall, gasping. “Do you get joy out of watching me suffer?” Kylo spat over his shoulder. Hux rubbed his neck and watched Kylo stalk off, staring at his robes being thrown around in the wind. “I ask myself the same thing about you.” he mumbled. When the crunch of Kylo’s boots had faded away he dug out his lighter and shook another cigarette out of the pack. They were really knocking around in there; he'd need more soon. A few transports were firing up on one of the other landing pads, the marshals running around, directing the pilots. Hux watched them take off, rolling the cigarette between his thumb and index finger. Once they had all left he lit it, took a long drag, and turned his attention back to the superweapon peeking out of the planet's core, watching its glow repaint the sky red. ---- Somehow, for the next few days Kylo managed to stay away from Hux. Of course it helped that there were a couple parsecs of deep space between them, but Kylo still felt that it was an accomplishment. At times he even managed to trick himself into thinking that he would be able to cut Hux off completely. Then the blow fell. Takodana, the droid, and the girl. The girl who resisted him, the girl who escaped. That night he found his way back into Hux’s quarters, still seething from everything that had happened. At first Hux resisted, then he threatened, then he fell silent as Kylo pressed him against the wall, giving in to the voice telling him to bite Kylo's neck and face, scratch the man's skin raw with his teeth. That didn't stop him from running his mouth, though. "A scavenger, Ren." He raised his arms above his head, letting Kylo relieve him of his shirt. “You couldn’t keep a scavenger imprisoned.” He took a fistful of Kylo’s hair and yanked him closer, biting down on his lower lip. “How pathetic are you, exactly?” "Do you want me to strangle you?" Kylo mumbled as he sunk his teeth into Hux's exposed neck. "If it means having to spend less time with you, then yes." Hux groaned, holding Kylo's head in place. “Shut up.” Hux jumped up and wrapped his legs around Kylo’s waist. Kylo held him in place, grinding their bodies together. Hux's grip tightened and his thighs quivered, but he wasn't quite done with his tirade. “Oh, we don’t need the droid.” he hissed in Kylo's ear, mocking how confident he had been only hours before. “We only need the girl. The girl is what's important here. Well, she's gone. So what do you propose we do now, Lord Ren?” “Now?" Kylo pushed Hux onto the bed and got on top of him, the fabric between his dick and Hux's bare skin making his blood boil. He scratched his nails down Hux's stomach, tugging off his shorts as he did. "You’re going to shut up now.” During the next ten minutes he managed to convince himself, and probably Hux as well, that the last time they saw each other like this had been a fluke. He got Hux on his knees, slammed him against the headboard, felt the obedient acceptance of his body in his hold. Even when Kylo choked him, pulled his hair, bit marks into his skin, Hux didn’t protest, remaining a rag doll in Kylo’s arms. Because that's what he was. A toy, a plaything, a cheap form of entertainment. That was it. End of story. So why did he shiver like that with Hux’s every moan? He caught himself watching Hux’s reactions, waiting for catches in his breathing, wanting to find out how to coax more out of him. The shiver when nails dug into his skin. The gasp that came with well-timed thrusts. Hux's pleasure was his own, and he couldn't allow that to continue. “I’m really tempted to knock you out right now.” he panted. Hux didn’t respond, keeping his teeth clamped down on his knuckles. For a moment Kylo got caught up in the way Hux's nose had scrunched up and how his eyelashes fluttered ever so slightly with each thrust. He sort of liked it. Then he snarled and snapped his hips, making Hux collapse. Hate fuck. he reminded himself, this is a hate fuck. “Don’t pretend you don’t carry at least a little bit of the blame for this mess, General.” Kylo snarled, doing his best to ignore Hux’s mewls. “What the hell are you talking about?” Hux asked, his voice wobbling. Kylo flipped him over, pushing his legs apart with his elbows. Instead of protesting Hux hooked his legs on Kylo’s shoulders, making sure he couldn’t get away. “There’s no way you’re pinning this all on me, Ren.” “It was your soldier who betrayed us in the first place. He's the one who helped that pilot escape. Apparently brainwashing isn't always effective." He bent down and bit Hux's chest, the salt of his skin almost dizzying. "I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: clones.” Hux bit his lip and grabbed Kylo's hips, pulling their bodies closer together. For a moment Kylo faltered and Hux relaxed, taking hold of Kylo's head and running his teeth over his ears. “Oh yes, I remember. Vader’s precious clone army. Tell me, why are you so obsessed with him? You do know he lost, right?” “Only because Skywalker found a weakness and exploited it.” Kylo insisted, tugging at Hux's cock with one hand and tangling the other in his damp hair. Hux's legs dropped to the bed and he whined, his body beginning to tremble in a way all too familiar to Kylo. “And you won’t fall for the same trick?” he gasped. His hips bucked up but Kylo pushed him back down, wanting to keep Hux like that for just a little while longer. His eyes glazed and his lips parted, the pink tip of his tongue sticking out of the gap. He yelped as his hips bucked against Kylo’s hand, his voice tight with frustration. Kylo smirked and ran a hand over Hux's chest, keeping his touch gentle. He leaned in close and purred in Hux's ear to answer his question. “See, here’s why that won't work. It's quite simple. I don’t care, and never have cared, about anyone. What are they going to use against me?” “A mirror, probably.” Hux mumbled. “Self-obsessed son of a bitch…” Kylo rolled his eyes and locked his hand around Hux's throat. "I'm shutting you up now." He smiled as Hux's body seized beneath him, frozen on the verge of collapse. Still smiling, he rested against Hux’s chest, his cheek pressed to the slick, warm skin. From there he could feel as well as hear the gasps stuck in Hux's throat, the palpitating thrill of heart and lungs trapped under bone and skin, like birds in a covered cage. The grip on his hair tightened insistently, pleadingly, and Kylo decided to be generous. He took Hux's cock in his hand and tightened his grip, beginning to pump up and down. Not even a minute later Hux was crying out, spilling into Kylo's fist. Kylo watched Hux come, the way his hands clenched the sheets, the way his back arched perfectly into Kylo's touch, the look of relief on his flushed face and those noises he kept making... Hux let out a drawn out moan as Kylo collapsed back on top of him and bit into his neck, stifling his own cry. The both of them felt every second of Kylo's orgasm, the ripples and waves never quite ending. Even when the sensations faded to an afterglow Kylo still didn't pull away. He would have fallen asleep if Hux hadn't given his hair an impatient tug. "My butt's going numb." he complained. Kylo shrugged and rolled off of Hux, pulling his shorts back up. "Why did you stay in so long? "Because I could. Do you not like it?” Hux shrugged and sat up, his movements shaky. "Since when do you care what I like?" He glanced over at the clock and groaned, rubbing his eyes. "Damn, I actually planned on getting some sleep tonight..." "Same here." Kylo shut his eyes and sighed. "Wake me when it's time for lunch." Hux scowled and tried to push Kylo off of the bed. “This is my room. I’m not leaving.” “Neither am I.” “Go to hell.” Hux mumbled, taking the blankets for himself and turning to face the wall. “Say hello to Vader when you get there.” Kylo snorted and closed his eyes, stretching out on the mattress that was really only meant for one. Within a few minutes Hux was asleep. Kylo just couldn't manage to do the same. As a side note Hux snored something awful. Who would have guessed? Kylo felt something warm graze his arm and he looked down. Hux's forehead was brushing his shoulder, his breath ghosting across Kylo's arm. Kylo puffed out his cheeks and sighed. The temptation to pry was killing him. But it would be rude. But it's not like Hux expected him to be polite. But it was pretty invasive. After a few minutes of Kylo making stupid faces as he weighed the pros and cons he finally figured it out. Just a peek. It couldn’t hurt. He raised himself up onto his elbows and pushed the hair away from Hux's face, caressing his cheek, urging him to let him in, to let him see. It was easier than he had thought it would be. Hux's mind yielded with no effort on Kylo's part, almost as though he had been waiting for him. It only took the slightest push, the barest suggestion. And then he felt it. A ripple, an echo of something he knew. Gentle and genuine, his own emotions thrown back at him. So Hux felt it, too. A thought occurred to him and he rolled on top of Hux, careful lest the springs squeal. If he were to be gentle, theoretically, how would Hux react? It may be what he wanted from Kylo, what Kylo was more than willing to give, but how could he explain? Hux shifted and Kylo willed him back to sleep with soft words and a feathery touch, not wanting him to wake up and ask questions, not wanting to lose him when they were so close. Quietly, being sure to rest his weight on his elbows, Kylo eased Hux open and slid inside, waiting for a groan, a yell. But there was no protest on Hux’s part. In fact his body tightened around Kylo deliciously. The fact that this was his natural reaction made Kylo' grin spread further across his face. The man wasn’t even lucid and he knew what to do. After a few minutes Hux blinked and squirmed, trying to stretch. Kylo stopped moving, letting Hux wake himself up. When he did he seemed confused, trying to piece together the weight on top of him and the sight of Kylo above him. Then he let out a sigh and mumbled something incoherent, gripping Kylo’s shoulders to keep him close. They fucked quietly, Hux never quite waking up. It lasted for ages, Kylo filling him, barely moving, but never being allowed to stop. When Kylo finished, a bitten-back moan rumbling in the back of his throat, Hux hugged him tighter and Kylo let himself be pulled down for a kiss. And for once there was no biting, no clawing, no cussing. There was just the two of them. “You haven’t left yet.” Hux pointed out when they pulled away, pressing a chaste kiss to Kylo’s cheek. “Do you want me to leave?” Hux sighed and fell back on the pillows, untangling Kylo’s curls with his fingers. “Yeah, that’s what I thought. I knew you liked me.” “Maybe, but you can't deny that you're an asshole. I was asleep. And I was having such a good dream...” He buried his hands in Kylo’s hair, sighing. “Not to say that this one is bad. I knew I was into you, but this is some dream..." "It's not." Kylo murmured. "It's not a dream, Hux." "That so?" Hux opened an eye lazily, reaching out and stroking Kylo's cheeks. "Even better." Kylo felt his breath catch as Hux pulled him down again, his whole body warm with anticipation and an indescribable want. There was a twinge of guilt, reminding him of something he had sworn only a short time ago. But while he tried to recall what it was Hux made the most impatient little mewling noise, prompting Kylo to give up on trying to remember. Screw everything else. He had Hux. That's all he needed. Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The second Hux felt himself waking up he squeezed his eyes back shut, trying to hold on to the edge of a dream he had had, willing himself back into the guilty fantasy. Kylo had been fucking him, which on its own wouldn't be all that strange. But it had been so foreign from the brutal reality of sex between them, so incredible and new. This dream was soft around the edges, warm and slow, all deep breaths and gentle words that flickered in the dark. It was everything he wished for, everything he couldn't have. And Hux wanted to drown himself in it, if only for a little while longer. Play pretend, almost, that his fingers twisted around empty sheets were actually tangled in Kylo's hair, that the wind sighing outside was Kylo's breathing, timed to match Hux's own. "You know you're not dreaming, right?" Kylo murmured. "I already told you that." Hux tilted his head back, trying to hide his smile from Kylo. "Get out of my head." he whispered, stroking Kylo's cheek with his thumb. Kylo's laugh puffed against his chest, his breath warm and rosy on Hux's skin. "No. I like it in there. You think about me a lot, don't you?" Hux rolled his eyes and pushed Kylo's hair away from his face, pulling it back into a messy bun. "Only when I have nothing better to do." "That a fact?" Kylo mumbled as Hux traced the freckles on his face. "You must have a lot of spare time on your hands." He crawled up Hux's body to nibble at his neck, flopping down on top of his chest as he did. Kylo was really heavy, like Hux was being smothered with a sandbag, an affectionate, unexpectedly cuddly sandbag. It was great, finally being able to admit to himself that he loved the weight on him, the pressure that pinned him to the bed. Hux felt Kylo nuzzle his face into his neck, gentler than anything that had passed between them before. He must have heard him, as apparently he was still snooping around in Hux's head. Hux didn't really mind at this point. Actually, he might be able to have some fun with it. He closed his eyes and let his thoughts roam from night to night, partner to partner. As he let images of himself in the arms of others flash through his mind he felt Kylo's grip tighten around him, his dick getting hard against Hux's thigh. This must be torturous. "Who are they?" Kylo murmured, biting Hux's ear. "You had better be making this up." "Aw, you didn't think that you were special did you?" Hux teased. "You're not the only man on this planet who salutes another flag, you know." "Such a fucking slut..." he sighed against Hux's neck. "But you're mine now, right?" "I'm not quite sure." Hux sat up and scooped a t-shirt off the floor. As he was tugging it over his head he felt hands smoothing over his legs, between his thighs. He grinned and rutted back against Kylo. "I take it you're going to convince me?" Kylo pulled Hux into his lap, smiling. "And you're gonna be awake for it this time." "Fine by me." He rested against Kylo's chest and smirked. "But I have work in half an hour, so make it quick." Kylo took that to heart. ---- "Fuck, Ren..." Hux whined and reached back, pulling Kylo's hair, pressing his back to Kylo's chest, grinding with unabashed helplessness against him. Five minutes. It had taken five minutes for Kylo to do this. That must be some kind of record. Kylo was braced against the headboard, Hux in his lap, making it look like he was taking his sweet time with him. Lying bastard. Hux could tell from the low rumbling in Kylo's throat, the way he dug his nails into Hux's skin. The man was coming undone. "Just come already, Ren. You're not making either of us happy like this." He clenched around Kylo, relished the groan that got his own heart racing again. "If you do I might consider staying longer." Kylo obliged, emptying into Hux with a stuttering moan. Hux closed his eyes and went limp, taking advantage of the pause that followed as Kylo tried to get his bearings again. A moment later he felt a hand on his cock, smooth, firm strokes making his breath catch, making his whole body melt away. It didn't take long for him to cry out, shuddering as he came all over his shirt. Kylo nuzzled against his trembling form, still dizzy off of his own high. “I liked this shirt.” Hux muttered. Kylo nibbled the back of his ear, panting. “I swear, Hux…” he grunted and leaned against the headboard, a crazy grin on his face. “You like me more than you like that shirt.” “Not by that much.” Hux muttered. His communicator beeped and he climbed off of Kylo, who tried to pull him back, shaking his head. “Just ten more minutes.” he whined, wrapping his arms around Hux's waist. "You can stay for ten minutes." Hux tried to shrug him off as he typed, but Kylo wouldn't let go until he got distracted by a purring lump at the foot of the bed. With Kylo occupied Hux took the opportunity to peel off the stained shirt and kick it into the corner as he walked over to the ensuite. Hux got ready quickly, finding himself in a very good mood. When he came back to the bedroom Kylo was holding a purring Millicent to his chest, scratching her behind the ear and grinning like a child. She must have spent the night in his office. Either that or he was too busy getting fucked to notice her. He decided not to dwell on that. “Shut the door on your way out.” He scooped up his datapad and blinked at the screen. Two meetings, an inspection, and a briefing. Fun. “Oh, I’m not leaving.” Kylo said with a childish lilt, flopping back onto the bed with Millicent held high above his head. "By the way, what are the chances of you finding your way back here during your coffee breaks?" "You're such a nuisance..." Hux glanced at Kylo stretched out on the sheets, black hair spread out on Hux’s pillow, his mouth open in a laugh as Millicent pawed playfully at his face. "I'll see if I can cut my shift short." "Called it." Hux rolled his eyes and ruffled Millicent's fur, ignoring Kylo completely. "Won't you miss me?" "Not one bit." And he wouldn't, now that he had him. Now that they had all the time in the world. ----- "Phasma, send your men over the ridge again. He can't have just disappeared." Hux scrambled over a log and tried to regain his footing, skirting a chasm that had torn through the forest floor. "At last report we have three minutes until the planet is destroyed. Snoke needs him alive." And so do I, he thought. Even if it hadn't been an order he would have gone looking for Kylo. He wouldn't have been able to help it, would have thrown himself out into the chaos of the collapsing planet knowing that the odds of him tracking Kylo down were almost nil. He wouldn't have cared, so long as he tried. Besides, if he didn't make an attempt Kylo's ghost would be a real nuisance. He was in such a rush to find Kylo that when he did he almost tripped over him. Kylo was lying face-up on the red snow, his robes in tatters and his face a mask of blood. Hux kneeled beside him and tapped his shoulders, refusing to admit that he was holding back a grateful sob. "Ren? Look at me, Ren." Kylo's head lolled and Hux raised his voice, his blood running cold. "Ren!" "Fuck off." Kylo groaned. "Why're you here, Hux?" Hux rolled his eyes and pulled out his communicator, sending their coordinates to Phasma. The light from the command shuttle flared overhead and he sighed in relief. "No one else was particularly anxious to get you back." A few stormtroopers had gotten out of the shuttle and had begun to make their way towards Hux. He waved them off and pulled at Kylo's arm. "Come on, Ren. We can do this. I can help you." He slung Kylo's arm over his neck and held him tight. "On three?" Kylo nodded, or maybe he had fainted, who could tell. "You useless fuck..." Hux grunted, Kylo almost slipping out of his hold. They managed for a few feet, all of Kylo's weight on Hux's back and shoulders. It was infuriating, but they were making progress. They would make it. He would save Kylo's life. Then his foot got hooked on a root and Hux fell flat on his face, pulling Kylo down on top of him. He squirmed and realized he was stuck, pinned under the weight. He had never thought that Kylo's body, the muscle and bone that held Hux down, kept him grounded, he never thought that it could be turned against him so spectacularly. He couldn't move the bastard an inch in any direction, no matter what he tried. And Lord was he trying. In the end he had to relent and let Phasma's stormtroopers carry Kylo onto the ship. He followed, his head down and his ankle throbbing something awful. He didn't say anything, though. Kylo took priority. Onboard, once Kylo was stable, Hux stood by his cot and stared down at him, wondering at the medics efficiency. They had disinfected him, sewn him up, and put him under, all in the span of time it took Hux to shower and change into civvies. Now that Kylo was cleaned up Hux got a good look at the wound, now a scar that cut diagonally across his face, from the top of his forehead to his jaw. Hux trailed the groove curiously, wondering how Kylo would react when he saw it. Not well, probably. He kissed Kylo on the forehead and ran his fingers through his hair, trying to work out some of the tangles. "You almost gave me a heart attack, you idiot." he mumbled. "Maybe I should take better care of you..." He had to, for both of their sakes. ---- It took two weeks for Kylo to wake up. Hux checked up on him whenever he passed the Finalizer's med bay, even if it meant missing out on bits and pieces of meetings. The Order may be in tatters, but the only way Hux could concentrate on putting it back together was if he knew that Kylo was still breathing. It was pathetic, but he just had to make sure. Then one day Kylo's cot was empty, the medical droid that had been hovering over him constantly now whirring quietly in the corner. Later Hux checked in with Phasma, who broke the news to him. Snoke had transferred Kylo to the training grounds. He would be returning in a week for a checkup, then he would go back to his training. Hux sighed in relief. Kylo will come back. He told himself. Hold on to that and you'll be fine. The first time it was as though he had never left. Hux had his misgivings but Kylo insisted that he was fine, that the training was fine, that Hux had nothing to worry about. Like a fool, Hux believed him. He kissed the scar on Kylo's face and promised he would be waiting for him. Two weeks later Kylo seemed different, eager to the point of desperation. He gripped too tightly, gave too willingly, almost as though he was afraid Hux would push him away. When Hux brought it up Kylo just shook his head and shrugged, saying it was none of Hux's business and that if he was going to be this nosy Kylo would be perfectly happy sleeping alone. Then after four weeks Hux barely got a warning before being slammed against a control booth and knocked out. He woke up who knows how long later, on the floor with his pants around his ankles. Kylo was looking down at him, the mask over his face. He held Hux's eye for a moment then left without a word. Hux hoped things would change, but the more Kylo trained the worse it got. Snoke was doing his best to break him, destroy what he had built, replace it with something better. And it was working. Kylo was coming apart, piece by piece, crumbling away, his whole being falling in on itself, leaving Hux to pick through the rubble for something he recognized. The worst part was that Kylo knew, and he didn't seem to care. It didn't escape him, what Snoke's goal was, what he was going to be turned into. And he didn't fight it, because he couldn't. He couldn't defend against himself. Like a supernova about to collapse into a black hole, Kylo let his hatred burn blue within him, teetering on the edge of nothingness. He didn't throw tantrums any more because he didn't have to. Power radiated off of him, making any display of force unnecessary, almost gratuitous. It stayed in his eyes, the hatred, now so carefully controlled, a hurricane held back by a picket fence. But for all that, he knew he was helpless. He had nothing to do but watch himself be burned away, stare at the flames crackling around him, breathe in the smoke shrouding him. He couldn't control his fall; all he could do was hope it didn't kill him. So he took it all out on Hux. The only power he really had was when Hux was underneath him, shaking and crying out, pleading with him, wanting to stop, wanting to sleep, wanting to help. Kylo never let him. Things went on like that for awhile. They slipped back into their old habits, their old tropes and pitfalls. Quickies in bathroom stalls and empty control rooms, Hux half-dressed with his back up against the wall or bent over a table, his throat frozen in a scream. They fucked hating each other, with the knowledge that they were something more hanging over them like a blade, threatening to fall if ever they shared in a kiss, a caress, a word. They made sure to leave no room for such exchanges. Every touch was made sharp with clawing and biting and snarling, so that by the end of it the two of them were left covered in purple bruises and thin red scratches. And there was nothing in those marks, nothing that they wanted to remember, at least. Hux covered the toothmarks on his hands with gloves. Kylo's mask hid a split lip. But every once in awhile Kylo would come to him at night, sobbing, begging to be forgiven, swearing he would change, and Hux would welcome him, his body, his mind, every fibre of his being bent on bringing Kylo back. Sometimes it felt like it was working, like he had pulled Kylo back from the edge, if only for a stolen second. In those moments Kylo would pull Hux close and ease him back down on the bed, asking if he was alright, peppering his face with kisses, lavishing him with attention. And those empty promises were music to Hux's ears. Tonight had been one of those nights. Kylo was lying with his chin on Hux's stomach, his breath coming in shallow, satisfied pants. Hux was already half-asleep, content to let Kylo use him as a teddy bear. "Hux." "Mm?" He opened an eye and ran his hands through Kylo's hair, thinking he should give it a trim later. "What?" "Do you like me?" Well, that wasn't a question that Hux had expected to hear, ever, especially not from Kylo. He sat up and turned on the lamp, scooting to the edge of the bed. Kylo clung tighter but Hux shook him off. "Calm down. I just need a smoke." Kylo relented and let go, his eyes burning holes in Hux's back. "Well?" he prompted. Hux shrugged and grabbed for the coat draped over the back of his desk chair. After rummaging around in one of the pockets he tossed his lighter to Kylo, who started flicking the switch, sparks flying from his fingertips. "I don't like what you do, sometimes." he said carefully. He searched the other pocket for his pack, shaking out the last cigarette and tossing the empty box onto the floor. Kylo lit it for him and he took a long draw, leaning back in the pillows as he exhaled smoke out of the corner of his mouth. "Especially when it involves me being rammed against doorways while I'm working." Kylo rested his cheek on Hux's knee and nodded, his skin cool and dry on Hux's own. "But aside from that, do you like me?" Hux shrugged and ran a hand through his hair, not sure what Kylo expected to hear. It seemed as though "that" was all there was left of them, that and whatever this was right now. And this just wasn't enough. "I don't know, Ren, okay? I don't get you, sometimes. I can't read you the way you can read me." Maybe that was part of the problem. There was no barrier between Kylo and Hux's mind, no way of keeping him out. Hux's thoughts, his secrets, they never stayed his. Kylo made it his business to pull them out of hiding, weigh them, judge them, and come to his own conclusion. To say it was invasive was an understatement. "I think..." Kylo shrugged, looking helpless. Hux rolled his eyes and scowled. "You think you don't have to explain yourself to me, is that it?" Hux asked, rolling the cigarette between his fingers. He stubbed it out on the windowsill and straightened up. "You think I'm your plaything." "That's not true." Kylo insisted, grabbing Hux's hand. Hux looked down at Kylo's calloused fingers, his cracked nails and scarred wrist. Affection washed over him, the desire to stay, to protect. Then he scowled and pulled away from Kylo, swinging his feet over the side of the bed. "Don't rely on your mind tricks, Ren." he said. "I can only fall for that so many times." "I wasn't..." Hux ignored Kylo's protests and stood, picking up clothes from wherever they had fallen the night before. In a minute he was dressed and Kylo still hadn't moved, staring at Hux from his side of the bed. Hux glanced at his datapad, running through their schedules as they appeared onscreen. Kylo was scheduled to leave again, another month spent training with Snoke, another month out of Hux's life. "It doesn't matter." He tapped the screen and looked back at Kylo. "You have to leave. I have an Order to rebuild. Neither of us have the time for this right now." Kylo's face fell and he gripped the sheets, biting down on his lower lip. Hux didn't have to be a mind reader to see that he was holding back tears. "I'm sorry." Kylo said, his voice soft. Hux snorted and threw a glance over his shoulder at Kylo. "No you're not. Not for me, at least." Notes: Boy, this went in all sorts of directions.