Finn doesn’t wake up all at once. He drifts in and out, and the medics have to keep explaining that he’s safe, he’s being cared for, and he’s going to survive this. He doesn’t believe them, at first, because he knows he’s been injured badly enough to justify his termination. It’s hard to accept their assurances that they don’t do that here. Poe is sitting at his bedside when he’s finally able to maintain his grip on consciousness for more than a few minutes. The enthusiastic “It’s good to see you, buddy!” should make Finn smile, but he’s too worried that Poe’s going to be punished for shirking his duties, for being in an unauthorized area. It must show on his face because Poe says, “Hey, it’s okay. The medics sent for me. They had a feeling you’d be coming around.” “You didn’t have to... fly patrol?” Finn asks, grimacing at the raspiness in his voice. Poe shakes his head. “Got some maintenance to do before I get sent up again, and-” his gaze drops to his hands- “and some other ground work.” It’s then that Finn notices the list he’s holding: names in descending rank order. Poe quickly tucks it away and starts talking about x-wing repairs. Finn lets him because it gives him something to focus on besides the lingering pain in his back, and he’s genuinely curious about some of the ship’s systems. It’s not until long after Poe’s gone that he thinks about the list again and realizes what it is. The First Order forbids the discussion of casualties in the ranks, and new troopers are always brought in before the next formation to dull the impact of anyone’s passing. The Resistance leaves holes in its lines, and empty chairs around its tables. Finn doesn’t know where to sit the first time he’s well enough to eat in the mess hall, but Poe grabs him and offers him a spot amongst the pilots that must have been someone else’s until very recently. Finn frowns and asks why they don’t bring in their other replacements, since it’s obviously not the taboo he thought it might be. Poe’s expression wavers between stunned and unbearably sad. “We don’t-” he begins, then breaks off, shaking his head. Jess Pava takes over. “We don’t force replacements into service just to keep our numbers up. Being here is a choice.” And, of course, Finn knows that, but sometimes what he knows and what he was taught get jumbled up. He starts to stammer an apology, but both Jess and Poe cut him off with assurances that it’s all right. Poe shifts restlessly and adds, “And, anyway, they’re called recruits, not... replacements.” “People,” Finn answers. He isn’t sure he’ll ever be able to explain the magnitude of the word. But Poe looks at him like he understands at least a little. “Yeah, buddy. People.” "Greenies," Jess says. “Can’t hardly tell an x-wing’s nose from its tail when they arrive. But we train them up all right.” She bumps Poe’s shoulder with her own, grinning when he gives her a small smile. “You’re responsible for their training?” Finn asks. The officers who command troops in the First Order are never the ones who train them; that way they never forge bonds, never form attachments. Poe looks bemused. “Of course I am. How else would I know if they’re fit to fly?” “How else would he show off?” Jess puts in, ducking away when Poe swats at her arm. The others around them laugh, but Finn’s too distracted to join in. For the first time, he considers exactly what it means to be an officer in the Resistance, to lead people rather than troopers conditioned to obey. Poe’s pilots follow him willingly into battle, and he isn’t always able to bring them home, and Finn doesn’t know how he keeps from collapsing under the weight of that. Snap Wexley approaches the table, carrying a bottle full of amber liquid. "Time for a toast," he announces as he starts filling small glasses and doling them out. He raises his own glass and says, “To those who will come after us, and to those who came before us.” He downs the drink in one gulp, and everyone else mimics him. Finn winces as the liquor burns down his throat. “That hurts!” he manages to gasp out. “Worse in the morning,” Jess agrees. Poe holds his glass out for a refill and says, “It’s supposed to.” There are three rows of service ribbons on Poe’s dress uniform. Finn doesn’t know what they’re all for, but he knows Poe must have gone through the formal rituals for remembering the dead after receiving each one. Now he’s going through them again, straight-backed and clear-eyed, looking every inch the model commander. Finn’s standing beside him, acutely aware that he doesn’t belong there and doesn’t know how to do any of this; at least, he thinks, he’s had more than enough practice bracing at attention and bearing it. General Organa enters the assembly flanked by her staff. She’s wearing flowing, forest green robes rather than her uniform, and Finn hears Poe’s sharp intake of breath. “Alderaanian funeral robes,” he murmurs. “I didn’t know she still had them.” “You’ve seen her wear them before?” Finn asks. Poe nods. “For my mother.” He presses his lips together and doesn’t say more. The general gazes out at the ranks for a moment, then begins speaking. She recites the names of the dead, ending with her own husband. As she falls silent, all the members of the Resistance draw themselves up and salute. Finn squeezes his eyes shut and whispers, “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.” “Fall out,” says the general. The lines dissolve as people start to move, to embrace one another. Poe exhales deeply and leans into Finn’s shoulder, and Finn holds himself very still, willing to remain that way as long as Poe needs him. Somewhere behind them, someone starts singing, and the song is quickly picked up by others. There is no sorrow in it, and Finn understands that this is the turning point, that now the Resistance will go on. He listens to Poe’s voice in his ear, soft and strong, and- though he doesn't know the words yet- lifts his own voice to sing along.