Demeter's Daughter Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey’s fingertips skim the tops of the winter wheat, the stalks strong and healthy, the field almost golden. The awns feel like soft bristles against her palms, the heads of the grain reaching just beneath her navel. Her lightweight clothes cling to her, and she swipes the back of her hand across her brow. The immense room is warm but a faint rush of air soothes over her sweat-dampened skin, almost like wind. She closes her eyes, and the smell of damp, soft earth greets her. It’s easy to imagine, for a moment, that she is breathing real air, and that the lamps over her head are sunlight…the hum of the Eleusis beneath her is barely audible, but it is a reminder nonetheless. She opens her eyes. Back to work. She resumes the process of snapping off the seed heads, fingers twisting and pulling until they separate from the plant. Her belt is tight around her waist, its second circle slung low over her hips, and the small pouch at her right thigh stores the chaffs. She places them carefully into small vials, for later testing. Her fingers are worn and weary, her knuckles aching from hours in the field. She barely notices the man who approaches until he is almost upon her, but then she sees him, and smiles. Finn doesn’t smile back, and her brow creases. Sometimes in the late afternoon, he comes to help her in the field, but he isn’t dressed for harvesting today. He is wearing his brown flight jacket, the red shoulder patch a vibrant blotch of color against the gold, white and brown hues of wheat and soil. “You alright?” she asks him. He nods, and then stops abruptly, as if thinking better of it. “I’m…no, actually. I’m not alright.” His deep eyes can’t seem to meet hers, and her hands still against the grain. This is unlike him. “Rey, I’m so, so sorry. I wish…I would give anything not to have to tell you this.” “What’s wrong?” she asks. “We just heard - the pilots are saying…” He takes a long, shuddering breath, as if steeling himself against the words, and then they pour out of him in a rush. “Han Solo is dead .” The Eleusis groans beneath her. Rey remembers a lesson from her early days at the children’s academy, where the instructors had taught them how the ship isn’t really flying, that they are in orbit above the planet that had once been home to humanity. The words hadn’t made sense then, and even now she’s not sure she really understands the mechanics of it all. They are in space, aren’t they? They are flying through the sky, soaring hundreds of feet above the earth, hurtling in a vast circle above the clouds. “This isn’t flying, kid,” Han Solo had told her. “Flying is freedom, it’s life, it’s everything. We’re falling .” *** Rey tries to keep her hands busy. She isn’t supposed to know that Han is dead. No one is supposed to know. But the whispers burn through the ship, rumors tinged with truth. Today was meant to be a victory, a triumph for the Republic, the return of the Millennium Falcon from its three-year voyage. Instead they are going to bury one of their heroes. Rey is relieved when the doors hiss open and Jessika Pava walks through the door. Her black hair is longer than when Rey had last seen her, pulled over her shoulder in a long ponytail. When Jess had left on the expedition, she had been the youngest starpilot ever, just three days shy of eighteen. They had made an exception for her, waiving the requirement that pilots reach the age of majority before leaving for an outer-rim voyage. She looks older now. Her uniform is decorated on its shoulder with the golden symbol of the AgriCorps, as it always has been, but on her right shoulder there is now a second badge: the silver wing of a deep space pilot. A moment passes, and then Jessika steps forward and gives her a brief, tight hug. “You look well, Rey,” she says simply. “You look…” Rey can’t seem to find the words, but Jessika nods understandingly. Jess knows she doesn’t look well. She looks tired . “I’m fine,” Pava says. “Is it true?” Rey asks her. Jessika takes in a heavy breath. “Yes. It’s true.” “Stars,” Rey says. “Are you okay?” “Are you?” Jessika asks. She doesn’t have to say anything more. They each know what Han had meant to the other. Finally, Jess moves the conversation into more neutral territory, saying, “I heard you’ve been made head of AgriCorps. Command says that I’m to report to you now.” “Only because you weren’t here,” Rey says quickly. Jess tilts her head. “You’re being humble, Rey. I heard you were able to get wheat to take. That we’re going to have an actual harvest this year.” “Two acres,” Rey tells her, something like pride creeping into her voice. Before this year, there hadn’t been a useable harvest on the Eleusis in centuries. “We almost didn’t, though. There was a nitrogen deficiency in the soil. I very nearly had to kill the crops and start from scratch.” “Two acres ,” breathes Jess, a faint smile appearing over her face. “Do you know how much bread that is?” Rey points to the holoboard on the far wall. It is the most simple calculation she has ever run. A 60 pound bushel of wheat can be ground into about 40 pounds of flour, which yields approximately 42 loaves of bread. One acre can produce 35 bushels of wheat. “Two-thousand nine-hundred and forty loaves,” says Jessika, closing her eyes. “What do you think real food tastes like?” “You have a problem with the insta-bread?” Rey asks her, a faint smile flickering across her face. “I have a problem with it, you know, not being food ,” says Pava, rolling her eyes as she pulls a bag off of her back. “Brought you something, kid.” Rey opens the bag. Inside are easily two hundred samples, each carefully labeled with exact coordinates. The soil comes in a hundred colors: some dark and rich, the kind she is used to working with, but most are unfamiliar to her. These vials are filled will deep red clay, pale yellow dirt, navy mud. A few contain earth so coarse that it should really be considered sand. One is filled with an ashy blue powder. “Thirty-two planets,” Jess says quietly. “We tried to bring back as much as we could.” *** When Rey enters the temple, the acolytes are already building a pyre in the center of the atrium, and at the sight of that ritualistic, heathen mound of wood her breath refuses to leave her lungs. There hasn’t been a Burning since before she was born, even when death spread through the ship and the sick were sent to the ground in their own coffins, still breathing. It is a lost custom, a terrible waste: of precious trees, of air, of energy. They barely have enough food as it is, and for the priests to cut down a tree that was barely two years old…the thought makes her blood boil. Only those who fear the ground demand their bodies to be burned, and all but the most venerated are refused. She isn’t here to interfere, but she can’t help the heat that blazes beneath her breast, a righteous anger that drives her forward. Han wasn’t superstitious. He wouldn’t want this. Rey has to bite her tongue to keep from speaking as she walks past the young monks, with their hair cropped close to their heads and their padawan’s braids trailing over their shoulders, a pale imitation of the Jedi of old. Their Masters claim to see visions and dream prophecies, but for all of their ritual and liturgy they have no power here. The last of the Jedi are long dead. She makes her way towards Poe Dameron. He is seated on the far steps, still wearing his dark flightsuit and jacket. There are dark shadows beneath his eyes, and she wonders if he has slept. He is ten years her senior, but they have always been comfortable in one another’s company, their ages almost an afterthought. But right now he looks very, very old to Rey. “Poe?” she asks, and her voice sounds small, even to her. He doesn’t move or speak. He is staring at the pyre. His skin, normally so warm and rich, several shades darker than her own, seems drained of color. They are going to burn his Captain, she realizes. His comrade, his friend. The husband of his mentor. The closest thing either of them will know to a father. She kneels before him, the cold metal on the floor seeping into her shins, and takes his face between her hands. Poe collapses against her, and she holds him there for a moment, fingers gripping onto his his shoulders. He draws back, and there is an intensity in his gaze that is unfamiliar to her. “Tell them to stop,” he says quietly, his jaw clenched. It is an order. For a moment, she is confused; she has no rank, no position…she is powerless to stop this. But then another voice trails over her shoulder, oddly formal in this intimate space, and she realizes that Poe isn’t speaking to her. “Commander Dameron,” says Lor San Tekka, his voice detached. The priest is dressed in monk-like robes that reach to his feet, a strange assembly of beads around his neck. His hair is silver in the dim light. “This isn’t right,” Poe says quietly. “You can’t do this.” “To send General Solo to the ground is unthinkable,” San Tekka replies. “The Chancellor’s husband should be afforded all respect in death, not sent below to…” At the look in Dameron’s eyes, his words falter, and Rey’s heart tightens inside her chest. She thinks of the stories about the wraiths who live on the surface of the dead world, the reapers in masks who have become so inhuman, so monstrous, so hungry , that they eat the bodies that the Eleusis sends down to the earth. Centuries ago, when the ship made its maiden voyage never to return, the dead were sent below to receive their last funeral rites from the Knights of Ren. But the earth has been silent since before the birth of Rey’s great-grandparents, and now there is no absolution for the dead or the living. “To what?” Poe demands, and his dark eyes flash dangerously. San Tekka remains silent. Then again, Poe commands: “ Tell them .” “It is not your decision,” the priest finally says delicately, almost politely, as if speaking to a child. “It is not yours either,” Poe replies. He stands wearily. His anger is gone, replaced by sadness and exhaustion. Poe touches her shoulder briefly, and then descends the steps, brushing past the priest. San Tekka turns his back to her, watching him leave. Rey watches as the pyre grows higher. *** Leia Organa is the only calm in the midst of a storm of grief. She is sanity itself, the ideals of a fallen Republic, clinging to hope that humanity may yet return to its home. San Tekka tries to discredit her, and when he cannot, he attempts to persuade her. He pleads with her right up until the moment she ascends the steps of the atrium to address her people. Dressed in black, a band of gold in her braided hair, the Chancellor seems to Rey less a venerable leader and every bit a mourning widow. “My husband,” Rey hears her tells Lor San Tekka firmly, “will be buried with my son.” “Can the dead bury the dead?” he replies, his word cruel and haunting, but Leia pushes past him to stand before the altar, facing the assembly. Three-quarters of the crowd is older than Rey by at least twenty years. Only fourteen children born in the same year as Rey have reached adulthood, the survivors of a plague that spread through the ship, draining the life out of the very old and very young. Her generation had nearly been the end of life on the Eleusis . None here are strangers to funerals; every parent in the room has sent a child to the ground, and most children are accompanied by only one parent. Many, like Rey, have no parents. On the Chancellor’s left is the elderly Mon Mothma, and on her right is Poe Dameron. A murmur shifts through the crowd when she embraces Poe, the pilot who had returned with her husband’s body. The pyre has been removed at Leia’s request, replaced with the smooth, black coffin that holds Han’s body. The Republic insignia blazes across its surface in silver, and something tightens in Rey’s throat and a pressure builds behind her eyes. Leia speaks, and the words flicker across Rey’s consciousness. She speaks of darker times, of grief and the loss of their son. She speaks of renewed hope, of the deep space voyages to far-away worlds lead by her husband, of the first crops grown on the Eleusis in eight hundred years. “Humanity has come this far, it will go on. It will survive. It will be victorious, conquering all things save death.” Rey touches her fingers to her cheeks and they come away wet. The port doors open, the creaking of metal gears unlocking, unsealing, and the transparisteel becomes the only barrier between her fragile human body and the deep void. Rey sucks in a deep breath. The sounds of sorrow echo in her ears, but she can barely hear them. There are no windows on the Eleusis , its passengers protected by durasteel twenty meters thick. Only the deep space pilots and the zero-g mechanics ever see the outside of the hull, save at funerals, and even in the midst of her grief, Rey cannot help but appreciate the deep blackness of space, adorned with a thousand thousand stars. And closer, a golden orb suspended as if motionless: the earth. It had once been called the blue planet. Now it is a vast, searing wasteland. She imagines jagged peaks and endless deserts. There are immense pools of black, and smaller dark veins that wind through the burnt gold…oceans, rivers. The silver moon is rising over the earth’s far horizon, small and mysterious, half-hidden. Rey’s heart fills, soars. The world beneath her possesses a beauty unlike anything she has known, lovely even in its barrenness. Poe Dameron steps forward. In the bright light, the small, metal wings on his shoulders glint. He has been given Solo’s rank, and as he walks the silver insignia seem to weigh heavy on him, his steps louder than they should be. He is crying, and yet is not ashamed. The crew of the Falcon stand in a clean row behind him, and Rey wonders what Han’s death means for them. Their next voyage will be the first flight without Han in fifty years. The oldest among them is not yet forty. Dameron presses a hand to his Captain’s coffin, fingers tracing the symbol of the Republic. “Let’s send him home, boys,” he says quietly. *** Rey dreams that night of lying down in her own coffin, of drifting through space, of landing gently in golden sand. She skips out of her coffin, her feet bare, dancing on the dry earth. Rain pours from the sky - clean, cold, clear. It soaks the thin, layered wisps of fabric that shield her body, until she is wet through, her hair and clothing heavy. The ground drinks it up, and small shoots grow up from the dirt where she steps; the seasons turn, change. The red sun rises, and sets, and rises again. The golden sand becomes a field of wheat, dancing in the wind. A man walks towards her, clothed in black. He harvests the wheat, cutting down the stalks with a long knife the length of his forearm. It blazes red when the sun hits it. He arranges them into great bushels, even taller than he is, and then groups them together, binding them with cords. As far as her eyes can see, there are harvested bushels of wheat, and he returns to her with curved knife in hand. “All this I will give to you,” he promises. *** Rey awakens to the sound of a hull breach, the ship’s systems wailing in distress. It’s a blaring, sickening sound that makes her heart leap into her throat. She fumbles in the dark, reaching blindly for the small light switch on the wall beside her sleeping platform, but before she can reach it the emergency power kicks in and the light is so bright and white that she has to close her eyes for a few moments. She breathes deeply, trying not to panic. She opens her eyes, blinking rapidly. Emergency protocol flashes through her mind. She shoves herself off of her bed, crossing the small room in several strides. She begins to rummage through a storage compartment, pulling on her clothes quickly, practiced hands wrapping the final strips of white linen across her shoulders, and clinching a leather belt at her waist. For good measure, she slips into a light flightsuit, zipping the insulated material; she’ll regret not having it if they actually have to evacuate for any length of time. The life-pods are freezing. The narrow passage is crowded with people trying to make their way towards the emergency lower decks. She walks in the opposite direction of the crowd as fast as she can without running, taking the stairs rather than the lifts to go up the three immense flights to Deck 17, and only then in the nearly-abandoned hallways does she run. Two left turns, and a right, and she presses her code into a keypad, opening a blast door. The lab inside is meticulously clean, rows upon rows of tiny, labeled boxes, mere centimeters wide and deep, their contents sealed perfectly. Out of foresight, she selects practical items first: oryza sativa, zea mays, triticum, solanum tuberosum, glycine max, lens culinaris. And then a few perfectly preserved seeds that she is fascinated by, her personal choices: rosa hybrid, crocus sativus, viola, iris germanica, hyacinthus, narcissus psuedonarcissus. And finally a few rare plants that she has never managed to grow without real soil and sunlight: typha, cedrus, sequoia sempervirens. The wailing of the emergency systems stops, leaving behind an unsettling quiet, and Rey pauses. A hull breach, even a minor one, should have taken hours for the zero-g mechanics to fix. She quickly slips the boxes she has collected into her flightsuit’s utility belt, and steps towards the door, but hesitates. The lab is protected in ways that the rest of the ship is not: it has its own central heating and cooling system, so that fluctuations in temperature won’t damage its precious contents, and its own air supply that can last for weeks. Her hand hovers over the keypad, shaking with indecision. If the emergency systems have shut down… Her mind is reeling. If she opens the door, she risks exposing the lab and herself to severe damage. If there has been a full hull breach, one bad enough to damage even the emergency systems, there could be a vacuum waiting for her on the other side. She could wait. Hope that the mechanics will fix whatever has gone wrong, that most of the crew and passengers have made it to their life-pods. Someone will come for her…might come for her… The ship creaks beneath her. She can hear the blood pounding in her ears. The blast doors open, the sound jarring her, and she lets out a soft, startled scream. “Rey!” Finn cries, rushing through the doors. “Finn?” she says in disbelief. He crushes her into a hug, and she wraps her arms around him. “What are you doing here?” “You weren’t at your station,” he says, his brow furrowed in concern. “I thought something might have happened - are you okay?” “Yeah,” she says, letting go. “We should go.” The ship jerks violently, as if it has been impacted by some great force, and she throws out a hand to steady herself. “What’s going on?” she asks Finn, but he has taken her hand and is pulling her out of the lab, sealing the door behind them and breaking into a run. “Don’t know. I think…” He speaks quickly as they sprint down the narrow passage, and Rey listens carefully for the sound of the drives ten decks below. “This isn’t just wear-and-tear on the hull. Command has got the pilots headed to their hangars.” “Do you think we hit something?” Rey asks. “Or something hit us,” Finn replies. Something stirs in Rey’s mind… something hit us …but she doesn’t have time to figure out what it means. She counts the deck numbers as they descend, feeling that something isn’t right. They reach the main command deck, which is eerily empty save for the whirring of machinery; everyone that is not emergency crew has been evacuated. She spots two zero-g mechanics, distinguished by their red-orange flightsuits; the first points to a holoscreen filled with strange schematics that Rey can’t decipher…a constellation of stars, a jagged line tracing through them. One of them looks up at her, and his mouth parts, almost as if he is going to call out to her. And then there is such a violent explosion that her hand - her entire body - is ripped away from Finn’s. Her back slams flat against the deck, and there are a few terrifying moments in which she can’t move or draw breath. It is as though a large hand has wrapped itself around her lungs and squeezed . She rolls onto her side, and pain shoots through her, so searing and violent that she begins to cry, despite the fact that there is no air in her lungs to sob or scream. Finally, as if released, she draws in a shallow breath. Smoke and the scent of burning metal and skin fills her lungs. There is a high-pitched ringing in her ears as she lifts herself onto her hands and knees, looking frantically around for Finn. The deck has been split in two, a gaping wound in the floor. She can see down two flights into the hangar bay, and she sways dangerously as she tries to stand. There are sounds coming up from the depths of the ship: screaming . Stepping out of the blackness, out of the nightmare , a man comes towards her. His tattered, black cloak seems made of smoke itself, his face hidden beneath a grotesque, metal mask. She cannot see his eyes, but she feels his gaze on her, sharp and focused. She flees from him, stumbling as she runs, pain jolting through her with every movement, and then he reaches out a gloved hand, and somehow, impossibly, she can’t move - he walks toward her, circling around until he is facing her, wraithlike and inhuman. Her entire body shakes; she wills herself to move, to scream, but her body refuses to obey, and the impossible, terrifying thought occurs to her that he is doing this to her somehow. The man is close enough now that he could reach out and touch her face, close enough that she can see the rise and fall of his shoulders as he breathes. The creature speaks, his voice deep and distorted. “The girl I’ve heard so much about…” His voice is almost reverent, curiosity creeping past the modulator. She feels something in her mind, a faint whisper…a presence . It’s him , she realizes, and she shakes with the effort to free herself from the intrusion, the brush of his mind against hers. “You have it…what I’ve come for…” She wants to speak, to deny his words, to tell him that she is no one. Someone is screaming her name, a familiar voice, Rey! No, no, no…Rey! , and then the man in the mask’s outstretched hand jerks violently and the ground opens up beneath her. Notes: Many thanks to my tumblr beta reader, tstarwars, for her feedback on this chapter! Chapter 2 : Son of Kronos Summary: Fearing for her friends, Rey is held captive and interrogated by the masked man who attacked the Eleusis, but soon finds that he may not be the only threat she faces on earth. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) An x-wing flies low over the horizon. An expanse of salt-white desert refracts light onto its transparisteel canopy, and beyond the sand Rey can see the sun burning quiet and red against dark clouds. The ancient orb casts a dim, scattered light over the surface of the earth as it rises. The mountains in the far west, rising up out of the earth like the spine of a great animal, turn blood red as the light falls on them. The ship lands, kicking up a cloud of white-gold dust. Rey’s heart beats faster. She knows this ship, and its pilot. Though she can’t see his face, the pilot’s helmet bears the marks of Rapier Squadron’s commander. Black One. A astromech droid drops to the ground just behind the cockpit. It is not one of the three-legged, barrel-bodied droids that most starpilots use, but a spherical droid with a domed head. A BB unit. It hurries towards Dameron, a flurry of concerned beeps issuing from its transmitter. Poe kneels. His voice comes out distorted through a respirator, and yet despite the machine it is still warm and strong. “Don’t worry…I’ll come back for you!” As if the words trigger something, her world shifts. A pair of rough, calloused hands stroke Rey’s hair and brush tears away from her cheeks. Strong arms wrap arms around her small body, and she pleads softly into the hollow of a man’s neck: “Don’t leave me.” “Stay right here.” His voice is like water, like sunlight, like air. It makes dandelions bloom in her heart. “I promise, sweetheart. I’ll come back for you.” *** Rey wakes violently, her entire body seizing in protest. Her muscles ache, as though they have been stretched tight across her bones. She can’t move, and it takes her a moment to realize that she is physically bound: shackles circle her wrists and ankles, and her back is pressed uncomfortably against a cold metal surface. The only light comes from above, a blue, artificial light that filters through strange metal bars in the ceiling. But more unnerving than the darkness, more binding than the restraints, is the absolute and terrible silence. For the first time in her life, she cannot hear the hum of the Eleusis’s drives under her feet. As though carved from stone, the man from her nightmare is huddled against the far wall, half-crouched, forearms curved over his knees like some demonic gargoyle. His face is masked, a dark visor where Rey assumes his eyes must be. Four silver lines cut across his forehead, giving the mask an imitation of expression, but those parallel bands curve around his cheekbones and disappear under a strange, metal plate that reveals nothing to her. Without the hood of his cloak drawn up, she can see that the mask is actually a helmet, its surface dented and scorched. The light catches on something above the man’s shoulder: the hilt of a long, straight sword, angled across his back. An archaic weapon. Barbaric, uncivilized. But he spoke Basic , Rey reminds herself. He must be human. “Where am I?” she asks him. Her voice shakes, the hesitation painfully obvious in the silence. She grits her teeth, steeling herself. He tilts his head, as if considering how to answer. “You’re my guest,” he replies, but his voice is a feeling instead of a sound. It is rich and powerful, like roots hidden under dark soil, soaking up rainwater. It is the cold kiss of transparisteel against skin, it is the void of deep space, it is the feeling of a dry leaf crumbling in her hand. It is something else, something she cannot put words to. A shiver travels from the base of her neck, between her shoulder blades, to the small of her back. Her mind goes to Finn. To warmth, to home. He had been calling to her. “Where are the others?” she says finally, unable to say Finn’s name aloud. “You mean the murderers, traitors, and thieves you call friends?” A soft pause, while he waits for the accusation to sink in, but it doesn’t make sense to Rey. They are peaceful, and have done him no harm. She recalls the gaping hole in the command deck of the Eleusis , the screams reverberating in the depths of the ship, and the motionless, scattered bodies. Dread fills her at the thought that Finn might be one of them. You’re a murderer. A traitor. She thinks of the way he’d ripped into her mind, of the sudden and inescapable blackness that had devoured her. A thief. But beneath her rage, there is still fear, and so she says nothing. “You’ll be relieved to hear I have no idea,” he says finally, but this admission does nothing to quiet her anger. She has never felt this before, never known evil with such certainty. Not for the first time, she feels a faint touch against her mind, a tentative presence. And then it withdraws, as if burned. “You still want to kill me?” he questions. “That happens when you’re being hunted by a creature in a mask,” she retorts, keeping her voice steady. His gloved hands come up to the edges of his helmet. For a brief moment, she thinks he is going to remove it. Anticipation stirs in her chest. But the moment passes. Instead, he rises. There is elegance in the way he moves, and also harshness. This is not a barbarian, she realizes. This is a skilled warrior. A soldier. As he comes closer, Rey’s defiance crumbles, and she wishes desperately that she had never spoken. “Tell me about the droid,” he says. His voice is soft, controlled, but she understands that it is not a request. He speaks with the authority of a commander. “The unit the Falcon sent to earth.” “I don’t k-know,” she says desperately. “I don’t know anything. I’m just a scientist. I’m no one.” He laughs, low and cruel through his mask. “You do know. You know the droid. You’ve seen the section of the navigational chart that it carries. You just don’t remember,” he murmurs. “The Jedi was wise to hide you from us…but he should have known… I can take whatever I want .” She doesn’t know what he means - the Jedi are myths, their fire has gone out of the universe - but his words make her afraid. He brings his hand up, fingers nearly brushing her temple, and she recognizes his now-familiar presence pressing against her mind. This time the intrusion is more insistent, more demanding. She struggles against her restraints, but the onslaught is not against her body; he is in her head, in her thoughts. At first, he sifts through them like a hand moves through water, letting them fall through his fingertips. A series of images rise to the surface against her will: a small makeshift doll dressed like a pilot, crumbled red and purple wildflowers in a vase, a series of numbers on the wall of the lab. But then the images focus: he sees the metal hull of the Millenium Falcon , a small pinprick glinting in the darkness of space before it disappears. “The last remnant of humanity has abandoned hope that they will return to earth,” he says quietly, as if her thoughts have confirmed something he already knows to be true. Something he dreads. “They turn their attention towards the stars, to the deep reaches of space…” Poe Dameron’s arms are around her, the warm, heady scent of spice and lemon a sharp memory just before he presses his mouth to hers. It is a first kiss, and a parting kiss. Tears sting Rey’s eyes. She doesn’t want her captor to see these things. They are private, precious. “You loved him…And yet you remained behind?” he questions softly. “So lonely. So afraid to leave.” She is shaking, trembling with the effort to force him out of her mind. But he has access to everything: he sees the rippling field of golden wheat, the dirt beneath her fingernails, her exhaustion when she collapses into her bunk at night. He feels the fear coiled in her body, a constant companion that keeps her awake despite her exhaustion. He knows her doubts, her regrets. He sees the things she thinks about when she is alone. “At night, desperate to sleep, you imagine an ocean…” She is truly crying now. No one knows these things, and yet he is lifting them from her mind as though they have always belonged to him. He speaks as if in a trance. “I see it. I see the island.” She turns her face away from him. And he follows that thread, fingers traveling along a path in her mind, unraveling it from the others. The red block of Finn’s jacket, a raised pyre in the temple, the golden band in Leia’s hair. A black coffin. Grief floods her body anew. “Han Solo,” he breathes softly, testing the name on his tongue. “You feel like he’s the father you never had.” Something burns through her lungs, a searing, choking anger that doesn’t belong to her. She sees pieces of memories that aren’t hers: a dark, enclosed space that seems to close in around her, small fists beating against harsh metal, and a boy crying. The sound of a blaster, the mechanical shot ripping through the air, tearing apart skin and bones. And then the images are gone, like grain scattered on the wind. “He would have disappointed you,” the man tells her, as if in confidence. As though they are equals, friends. “Get out of my head,” she breathes. “I know you’ve seen the map. It’s in there. And now you’ll give it to me.” His inflection is seductive, persuasive. He moves so that he is standing in front of her, drawn up to his full height, his hand outstretched. Suddenly, all this talk of a droid and a map mean nothing to her. Finn and Poe and her life on the Eleusis are distant memories. Just give him what he’s asking for , something inside her whispers. Don’t resist. Her body bends forward, bowing towards him, as if he is physically pulling the memories from her. She thinks of reeds bending against the wind. Her mind howls against this submission, and everything in her tells her that she must not give in to this. “I’m not giving you anything .” “We’ll see.” Pain erupts in her head, not from the intrusion itself, but from her resistance. She sees and feels things she has not thought of in years, things that are not memories, but the fragments of dreams. Her mother’s hands in her hair. A man’s voice, singing, clear and beautiful. A sword made of fire, humming with life. And beyond…a deep blackness where nothing lives or grows or moves…something dormant, terrible and diseased… “Don’t be afraid,” he says softly, when she recoils. “I feel it too.” It is as though a line has been drawn in her mind, a bright, burning line cutting through the incurable darkness. It gives her focus. His hand wavers, and she realizes that her mind is clear, though the connection between them is not diminished. His thoughts come to her, a different kind of memory than her own, colorless and painful. A fever running through his veins, burning sand under his feet, the air choking and burning and please let it end…let it be over…let me go home… A woman, brown-skinned and wrinkled with braids and adornments in her hair…light falling through lattices, casting shadows like lace on the walls, and mirrored pillows on the floor to ward off spirits…the woman uses a language Rey can’t speak, and yet understands because this is his language and his memory…a warm voice, a voice that weaves tales with words, speaking softly: Enaka nik me lohem, Strei-kai-loro. The memories shift and change. No longer warm, but filled with pain and confusion…A man, his face like carved white marble, streaked with disturbing keloids on his skull and the hollow of his right cheek…A six-eyed sparrow between a boy’s gloved hands, one side warm and soft, the other wet with something dark and red…a young woman on a pyre, face still and motionless and yet proud even in death, cyclamen flowers forged of metal in her moonlight hair… “You’re afraid,” Rey says softly, reacting to the energy that is passing between them. In his mind, she sees a great hall, a raised dias, a throne cut from stone. And a man, called Vader, with a mask not unlike his own. “You’re afraid…that you will never be as strong as Darth Vader !” The man rips himself away from her mind, gasping in a shallow, shuddering breath. His hands are shaking with the effort of breaking the connection, but it lingers in the air between them. When he leaves, victory thrums in her veins. *** Rey can feel him, long after he’s gone. His turmoil is evident, pressing in on him from all sides. Whatever has passed between them has unsettled and disturbed him. It doesn’t take her long to realize that he means to kill her. She struggles against the restraints, but they are forged of some foreign metal, not durasteel but just as strong. Her shins start to bruise and her wrists begin to bleed where the edges cut into them, and she stops, leaning back against the cool platform that supports her. Calm down. Think. She can’t see much from her position. Her captor left through a door behind her; she heard it hiss shut as the locking mechanism engaged. At first glance, she thinks the room is circular, but on closer inspection she finds that the smooth, metal panels of the walls are set at angles so that they form a many-sided polynomial. They are welded shut perfectly. It is quiet, so quiet that she can hear the blood pounding in her ears. Behind her, she hears the scrape of something on the floor, and realizes that she is not alone. She twists, trying to see over her shoulder, but her vision is blocked by the high back of the platform. “Who’s there?” she calls out. There is no answer. A guard , she thinks suddenly. There is a guard posted at the door. A brilliant possibility opens up before her. Absurdly simple, if it works. She tries to remember the exact cadence of his voice, the persuasive, suggestive quality that had colored his words and made her want to obey. As if the thought had come from her own mind, and not been planted there. “You will remove these restraints, and leave the cell with the door open,” she says. For a moment, she hears nothing. Then, there are heavy footsteps, and her guard appears. White armor covers his body and a helmet hides his face, practical and militaristic. “What did you say?” His voice is nondescript. This soldier could be anyone. “You will remove these restraints,” she repeats. “And you will leave this cell with the door open.” “I will tighten those restraints, sky-walker scum,” he says, with perfect clarity. Her words have had no effect on him. Instinctively, she reaches out again, searching for his mind. The blank expanse of an automaton greets her; whatever independent thought he possessed has been drilled out of him. He is nothing but a soldier, a faceless servant. He lives for orders. He wants to obey. She only needs to give him a command. “You will remove these restraints,” she says softly, gently, pressing the order into his mind. “And leave this cell with the door open.” He straightens, as if seeing her for the first time. “I will remove these restraints and leave this cell with the door open,” he repeats. There is a hiss as the metal at her wrists and ankles parts, and he turns away from her, walking towards the door. She realizes that he is armed, a blaster held loosely in his right hand. “And you’ll drop your weapon!” she calls out. “And I’ll drop my weapon.” The blaster clatters to the floor. *** Rey is almost certain that she is underground, and the farther she gets from the interrogation room, the more lost she becomes. The air is stale, as though it has been filtered a hundred times. The hallway seems to close in on her, the metal of the walls slanting up so that they are wider at the base than the ceiling. Every few steps there are panels of blue light on the floor, illuminating her path. Her heart races when she hears voices ahead of her, and she presses herself against the wall, into the cleft between two protrusions. She fumbles with the unfamiliar blaster, releasing its safety. “She is only beginning to test her powers. The more time passes without finding her, the more dangerous she becomes.” Rey clamps a hand over her mouth. She knows this voice. She tries to stifle her fear, to quiet her mind. Has he already felt her presence? Another man speaks, his inflection precise and cold. “She is new to this world. She doesn’t know this place as we do, Ren. Rest assured, we’ll find her.” Their steps move away, but Rey is too scared to move. Ren . Her vision blurs, and she slides down the wall, pressing her forehead into her knees. He could be waiting for her. He might already know where she is. She thinks of the cold blade of his sword, slashing through her body like it is made of water. She thinks of her blood running cold over his fingers, of him lifting his mask just enough to devour her soul, sucking her life into his lungs through his gaping, scarred mouth. Can the dead bury the dead? Lor San Tekka’s words come to her unbidden. She remembers the stories the Eleusian acolytes used to tell the other children about the Knights of Ren. Tales of flesh-hungry wraiths, spirits who animate the dead and haunt the underworld, who feast on the souls of men. Is this his true nature? She pulls herself to her feet, her legs shaking, and runs in the opposite direction of the voices. She runs until her breath comes in short gasps and her sides hurt. The labyrinthine hallways seem to have a repetitive pattern, and she wonders if she is going in circles until she turns a corner, and suddenly she is no longer in a hallway. She is staring out at the expanse of a hangar bay below, empty except for a strange ship like none she has seen before. Immense, its two straight wings are folded upward, like a great bird. She looks out across the hangar and sees lights at regular intervals, small entryways like the one she is currently standing in. She hears steps, men marching in unison, and she flattens herself against the wall. But the steps come closer. Rey moves away from the wall, running towards the ledge. She looks down. The face of the hangar’s wall is a sheer drop, but it is pocketed with grooves and outcroppings. Her gut churns, the distance to the ground making her lightheaded. I can do this. I can do this. She secures the blaster to her belt and kneels down, twisting so that her legs are dangling over the edge, supported only by her forearms. Her feet find purchase in a deep grove, her fingers clinging to an outcropping, and from this vantage point she realizes that the wall is hollow aside from wires and odd metal components. She slips her body into a crevice a few feet to her left and, just as she expected, she is able to fit inside the wall, shielded from sight. If she wanted to, she could climb all the way down to the ground level that way, hidden. She takes the climb one foothold at a time. Several levels later, her arms scream with the effort of holding herself to the wall and her legs shake in protest. She moves back towards an opening in the wall and looks down. There is a seventy-meter drop below her that makes her head spin. For a few minutes, she trembles so badly that she has to stop and take deep breaths, pressing her cheek to the cool metal of the wall. You’ve lived your whole life in a spaceship. You shouldn’t be afraid of heights. When her feet finally hit solid ground, she wants to cry with relief. But she doesn’t have time. To her left is the massive form of the birdlike ship, but twenty meters to her right she sees what appears to be a blast door. Engraved on its surface is a many-spoked wheel, like the rays of a red sun, circumscribed by a black hexagon. Above this symbol there are familiar letters of aurebesh, but their configuration is odd. The letters form words foreign to her. She presses the controls to release the door, and to her surprise, it opens without further prompting. A rush of air ruffles her clothing and her hair, a soft light makes her blink, and abruptly the stale air tastes different. For a moment, she can’t identify the change…the air tastes dry and cool on her tongue. It possesses a kind of freshness. The only way she can think to describe it is to say that it is new air, air that hasn’t been breathed before, but she can’t seem to figure out why she feels this way. Until she sees the sky. *** She notices the light first. It doesn't have the same quality as sunlight, but it isn’t electric, or florescent, or machine-generated, or like any kind of light that she has ever seen on the Eleusis. It is a sad, dying sort of light - dim red, steady, and unwavering. She seals the blast door behind her. Beneath her feet is a flat, paved surface, like stone. Buildings rise up around her, but there is no roof over her head, and she can see clouds curling across the sky. Red and gold strikes their bellies, giving their immense shapes depth and breadth. Beyond the clouds, the sky is dark, a deep navy that is nearly black, but there are no stars in the sky, and Rey feels certain that it is not night. She doesn’t like it. Eventually she realizes that she is standing in a courtyard, or perhaps the nave of a great basilica, and she presses her hand to the wall closest to her. The stone is white, like marble, but much rougher, and like the clouds above her it turns a faint red-gold in the presence of the dim light. Beautiful, intricate patterns are hewn into its surface. Everything here is very old. Older than the Eleusis itself. The remains of a vaulted ceiling curve over her head, and in the walls are set tall, arched windows without transparisteel. Through them she sees more stone walls, pillars like trees, and vast, empty rooms. Beyond the row of windows, further down in the courtyard, a great archway has been built into the wall, and she makes her way toward it. When she passes under it, she shivers. It is as high as twenty men are tall. For the first time, she realizes that the air is cold. There are cracks in the stone beneath her feet. In some places the walls have been demolished to nothing more than rubble, and she wonders why this city has not crumbled. After a thousand years, it should be dust beneath her boots. All of the rooms have windows in them, and Rey finds herself glancing over her shoulder every few minutes. She feels eyes on her back, as though somebody - or something - is following her. But she hears nothing except the sound of her own footsteps. This is an empty, dead city. She tries to imagine growing anything here, but can’t. She realizes that she has been lingering, straining to hear signs of life in the cold silence, and she picks up her pace. She heads toward the point where the light seems to be brightest - west, if the sun is setting, and east if it is rising - and after walking for what feels like miles through the ruin of the dead city she comes to a place where the buildings open up. She is standing on a high terrace at the top of a series of great steps, leading down into the bowels of the city, and her hands start to shake. Light pours over the steps, and laid out beneath her like the remains of a dead animal are the bones of what must have once been a great city. The wind blows against her face, ripping at her clothes and her hair. Domed roofs cover the greater buildings and the streets are still paved, the sun glinting off of them, lines of red curving and crossing over each other in an intricate network. Beyond the city is a vast landscape of salt-white desert, the sun-cracked badlands bleached so pale that even the sun hanging low on the horizon cannot give them color. The salt flat stretches on for kilometers, and the small, red sun is half-hidden by dark peaks in the distance that jut up out of the earth like the backbone of the world. Just below the sun, glittering on the edge of the horizon, are two bright stars. She sees temples and towers, palaces and arenas, cathedral spires, and a dry riverbed with a great stone bridge that leads nowhere. A strange feeling of grief comes over her. For centuries, people lived here, and died here. Slaves groaned as they built this city from the dust, and drums sounded from the great towers to announce the turning of the seasons. Kings and queens ruled, priests burned incense and recited prayers, and women birthed children in this city. Soldiers fought wars on these steps, the cries of battle and death in the air, their blood turning the water of the river red. This was a city of wise men, scholars, inventors, and healers. A place of greatness, and goodness, and of evil. A city that launched a thousand ships, that burned brighter than the stars in the heavens. For a moment, Rey is silent, mourning for a people that perished long ago. And then she sets out again, feeling as though she is the only thing living and breathing and moving under the sun. There are no animals, not even insects, and nothing grows in the cracks between the stones. As she walks, she is struck with the feeling that something has happened to this world, something worse than war or famine or disease. Something that has caused the sun to burn red and all things to wither. By the time she reaches the edge of the city, her throat is parched. She looks back over her shoulder, at the winding streets and the high walls of the citadel. She turns again to the west. The riverbed is cracked and broken. Water has not run here in many years. She begins to think that something is wrong. She can’t seem to draw breath, and she feels disoriented. She stumbles to her knees, scraping her hands against the rocky terrain. Hunger gnaws at her, but she feels certain that if she were to eat, nausea would overcome her. The air that had seemed so fresh, so cool, suddenly seems incompatible with her lungs, as though she is breathing water instead of air. She cannot go forward. She cannot turn back. The sun has set. Stars adorn the navy-black sky, too many to number. She stares out hopelessly at the wasteland before her. Then, in the shadow of the mountains, she sees a light that is not a star. It is a soft, flickering light, like a flame. She rises to her feet, pushing onward toward that pinprick of light. She is not sure if she has been walking for minutes or hours or days, but her throat is on fire and her vision is distorted. Her stomach heaves, and she doubles over to vomit, but there is nothing inside of her. She shakes violently, and then drops to her knees, curling in on herself, choking even as she breathes. She understands, too late, the mistake she has made. The air is killing her. Notes: Thank you to everyone who reviewed the first chapter - I really appreciate the time you took to give me your feedback and encouragement! The response to this fic has been wonderful, and I hope that after the long wait for this chapter you will not be disappointed. I have no excuse for the delay in posting (aside from normal things like job, studying), except to say that I wrote and rewrote and REWROTE this chapter, and four drafts later, this is the result. Sometimes writing is easy, and sometimes it is so. very. hard. A big thank you to tumblr user lilyohevans, who beta'd this chapter and gave me the courage to (finally) update. Chapter 3 : Under What Country Summary: Finn decides to rescue Rey and finds help from the last person he expected. On earth, Rey discovers that her enemy is not the wraith of her childhood nightmares. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Finn has never stolen anything in his life. He has heard the starpilots refer to TIE fighters as fragile, their lightweight design lending the ships speed and maneuverability but costing them stability. But the two-pilot ship looming over him seems unbelievably large, its twin solar panels an incredible feat of engineering. In the past, Eleusian pilots had trained for years to handle them, logging thousands of hours in the simulators before they were even allowed to set foot inside one. Eventually the quick, dirty short-range fighters were discarded in favor of the modern x-wing. TIEs simply couldn’t manage deep space voyages. They were designed for dogfights, or deployed as sentry ships, and lacked the hyperdrive, life support systems, and shield generators that were essential to outer-rim missions. This particular fighter is over two hundred years old, and some of its grandness has given way to disrepair. Hidden back in a rarely-used hangar bay, the decrepit ship seems to call to him. He has no idea if its cracked solar panels still work, if they will give life to its twin engines…the damn thing might not even fly. The silver wing pinned to his right shoulder, slipped wordlessly into his hand by Jessika when he’d visited her in the medical bay, weighs heavy on him. It is a silent reminder that he is about to break every Republic law he has sworn to uphold. Finn does a quick mental tally. Fifteen years for attempted theft of Republic property. Add another ten to that, considering that the property in question is still classified as vital to close-range operations despite not having been used in a couple of centuries. Two for dressing above his rank, and five for impersonating a starpilot. Thirty-two years in a prison cell. Half of his life…gone. He would still risk it. For Rey. The problem is, he will never get off the Eleusis without a co-pilot. Jess is the only pilot he trusts, and he feels certain that she would have come with him had she not been so badly injured. Something fierce stirs in his chest. With his own eyes, he had seen the invader tear apart their home, wounding Jessika and so many others. There are seventeen new coffins in the atrium. Seventeen dead, forty-eight injured. And Rey is presumed to be dead. But Finn knows otherwise. He watched as that demon took her, carrying her from the command deck and down into the depths of the ship like she weighed no more than a child. He is going to get her back. He takes a deep breath, and starts towards the TIE fighter, trying to convince himself that flying the massive piece of machinery will be just like a sim. But before he can take two steps, a hand grabs him by the back of the stolen starpilot uniform, and drags him around, shoving him unforgivingly towards the entrance to the hangar bay. Finn stumbles forward a few steps, and then manages to match the pace of the man behind him. “Have you lost your mind?!” a voice hisses in his ear as they walk. Finn can’t even stammer out a response, because Poe Dameron - who knows full well that Finn is not a starpilot - is guiding him towards the far end of the deck. He shoves Finn into a side terminal. Dameron’s eyes widen when he takes in the full picture of Finn in a stolen flightsuit, wearing the illicitly borrowed insignia of the deep space pilots on his right shoulder. “I can explain,” Finn says desperately. He can see Dameron piecing together his intentions - the flightsuit, the pin, the massive TIE fighter in the hangar bay - and then the older man shakes his head faintly. “Who are you?” “FN-2187,” Finn says, a feeling of dread passing over him. “Not your operating number. I want your name.” “Finn,” he replies, confused. “You’re a friend of Rey’s,” Poe says finally, recognition flickering over his face. “You’re in the training program.” “Yes, commander,” he replies automatically, and Dameron visibly flinches. Finn immediately realizes his mistake. Han is dead, and Dameron’s rank is general now. “I…sorry…I didn’t mean-” “You do understand that I am required by Republic law to report you,” Dameron says, cutting him off. “I…yes. I understand.” “What exactly were you planning on doing with that TIE fighter once you stole it?” “I wasn’t…I didn’t…” Finn doesn’t know how to explain that he was going to somehow fly a derelict two-man fighter to earth by himself with no real experience aside from a couple of weeks of simulation training. Five weeks ago, he’d been in sanitation . Even in his mind, this plan sounds completely absurd. “I was going to find Rey,” he says finally, honestly. The only thing he knows with certainty is that he has to find her. Everything else is irrelevant. Dameron’s hard gaze softens, and Finn remembers that the pilot had known her, too, before he’d left on the Falcon ’s voyage. “You need a pilot,” Dameron says after a moment. It takes Finn a moment to realize that Dameron is referring to himself, that this is an open offer…if Finn trusts him enough to take it. “I need a pilot.” *** A fever is burning Rey from the inside. She has never felt this kind of agony, the kind where she wants to crawl out of her own skin. As the night grows deeper, the ground grows colder, but it does nothing to put out the fire that is searing through her blood. Rey tastes salt on her lips, and she isn’t sure if it is from the desert or if she is crying. There is a silver moon in the sky, huge and round, pocked with dark craters. Her mind makes shapes out of them, and tells her the stories behind each one. She knows that somewhere in that star-strew heaven, the Eleusis is cutting its arced pathway through the sky, as it has for over a thousand years, and that constant is comforting to her. She drifts in and out of consciousness. When she wakes, she glances back to the small, flickering light on the edge of the horizon. If she could stand, if she force herself to go on, just a little further…but the light is too far away. She could walk for kilometers and not reach it. Someone touches her, and her skin erupts in flames. She screams, a piercing sound that only the desert hears. She tries to get away, to get the hands off of her, and her fingernails scrape across something smooth and metal, seeking purchase and finding none. Strong hands grip her wrists, and it is then that she realizes the cool metal beneath her fingers is a mask. Ren . She crawls backward over the ground, kicking out at him viciously. Her boot makes hard contact with his knee, and he lets out a dull groan of pain. She tries to kick out again, but he is ready for her this time, deflecting the blow easily. It only takes him a few moments to subdue her. His powerful frame is on top of her, knees on either side of her hips. She doesn’t know where she finds the strength, but she lashes out at him with her hands, her fists, and her nails in a futile struggle to release herself from his grip. He finds her wrists again, the fragile skin there already lacerated by the restraints he had bound her with, and the struggle between them ends. He presses her hands back into the ground and looms over her, the hilt of his sword gleaming over his shoulder. She breathes the air that is not air. “I’m not going to hurt you,” Ren says, low and quiet through the mask. “But if you hit me again, I swear on the ashes of Vader himself that I will leave you out here in the Wastes to die.” There is a quiet moment that passes between them. She has no doubt that he would make good on this threat, and so she stays very, very still. Only then does he tentatively release her wrists. When she doesn’t move, he stands, favoring his right knee. She notes his uneven stance with a strange sense of satisfaction. He looks to the east, toward the distant citadel. In the moonlight, its spires are white as bone. After a pause, he is back in the sand with her once again, kneeling at her side. He takes her head between his large hands, surveying her face. She cringes away, every touch like fire on her skin. “Have you lost consciousness?” he asks her. “Yes,” she says. It doesn’t occur to her not to give him an answer, and somehow she doubts he’ll respond well to silence. “How many times?” “I lost count.” He says something under his breath, in that strange language from his memories. She strongly suspects that it is an expletive. “You won’t make it.” “What about - ?” She thinks of the light at the base of the mountain. As if he can hear her thoughts, the face of his mask turns away from her, towards the dark peaks. Argent light pours over his shoulders. For a moment, he says nothing, as if struggling internally. “You won’t make it,” he repeats. “You’ve already been exposed for too long.” She whispers, “How long do I have?” It seems pointless to ask why she is dying. When he doesn’t answer, her fears are confirmed. “Can you walk at all?” he asks instead. “No.” It takes everything inside her to admit that weakness. “I thought not.” Unexpectedly, his hands move to the base of his helmet, and there is a susurrous hiss as the mask releases. When she hears that sound, she wonders that the mask is not a part of him, that it has not latched itself under his skin and grafted itself to him permanently. He lifts it away, and she expects to see a grotesque, something deformed and half-human…but this is not the wraith from her childhood stories. Instead, the face before her belongs to a young, dark-haired man with pale skin that the sun has not touched in many years. He holds out his mask to her. Her hands shake when she takes it from him, and a strange, knowing look passes over his face. The helmet is heavier than she anticipated, the weight of it solid and unyielding, as if it is protesting being worn by anyone but its master. She places it on her head, and he arranges his hands at the ridge of the respirator, sealing it into place. She takes her first breath, and within moments her body responds incredibly. The rolling sickness in her stomach remains, and the fever still burns under her skin, but something in her lungs tells her that this air is pure. After a few minutes, her mind sharpens and her vision clears. She is grateful for the mask that shields her from him. It gives her the freedom to truly look at him. If it weren’t for the heavy, dark cloak cowled across his shoulders and the strange robes beneath, he might have been any of the young men on the Eleusis . And yet he is unlike anyone she has ever seen. His face is strong, almost beautifully so, but the proportions of his features are unbalanced and there is an fierce, unhandsome asymmetry to them. A dusting of darker marks are scattered across his cheeks, above his eyebrows, and near the corner of his right eye, a strange contrast to his fair skin. “I’ll have to carry you,” he says, and the pride she felt earlier when he had favored his unhurt knee vanishes. She had kicked him hard enough to fracture his kneecap. Regret immediately curls inside her chest, but he says nothing about it. He taps his shoulder - an efficient, militaristic gesture - and Rey places her arm there reluctantly. “It’s going to hurt,” he warns her, and she nods. His lifts her in one fluid motion, supporting her back and knees, and he isn’t wrong: the abrupt movement sends pain shooting into her limbs. She gasps, and hears him hiss in a pained breath of his own as he tests her weight against the injury she has given him. “Sorry,” she whispers, her voice sounding odd inside the mask, but then she reminds herself that it’s his fault they are here to begin with. He attacked her home and brought her here against her will. She shouldn’t be the one apologizing. But it seems childish to take it back, so she lets the apology stand. “If you can’t…” He looks at her, eyes dark, and she doesn’t finish her sentence. He starts to walk, and she clutches her arm tighter around his shoulder. Every step is agony, and she has to bite at the inside of her cheek to keep herself from crying out. Neither of them speak for some time, and the fact that the mountains in her peripheral vision are cut off by the mask’s visor is almost a relief. She doesn’t have to be disappointed by the distance they have yet to cross. Instead, she can watch as the citadel grows smaller behind them. From inside the mask, the world seems separate from her, and if she closes her eyes and presses her forehead against the solid weight of his shoulder, she can sync her breathing to his heavy steps. The cool metal inside the mask is like water on her fevered forehead. Rey wants to ask him why he is doing this for her…why he doesn’t just leave her out here to die. It’s what he wants. She had felt his malice towards her, after she used his interrogation tactics against him, and she can’t make sense of why he is helping her now. She is exhausted, but the pain and the fever won’t let her sleep. It is a reprieve when he finally stops, setting her down in the sand. She looks to the west, and is startled to see that the pinprick of light is actually many lights emanating from inside the mountain itself. A massive structure, carved from stone, illuminated from within. It is closer than she had expected, and something like hope flickers warmly inside her. She glances up at Ren, who is still standing, but he looks bad. His long, dark hair is damp, clinging to his forehead and the nape of his neck. His eyes are closed, as if in meditation. He takes slow, deep breaths, but she knows they are doing him more harm than good. How long he can go on like this? she wonders. Ren opens his eyes, curses again in his strange tongue, and paces a few steps. His uneven gait is noticeable now, and she sees a sharp pain flash over his features for the first time. “I’m sorry,” she tells him again, and this time she means it. She hasn’t forgotten what he did to her, but enemies or not, he is suffering on her behalf. “I can’t talk,” Ren tells her in a strained voice, his jaw clenched. Despite the tightness in his voice, there isn’t the same hardness in his eyes that had resided there earlier. Then, without warning, he laughs darkly - almost against his will - tilting his head up towards the sky. Opening up that laugh to the stars, as if they can hear him. Despite the fact that every breath he takes is probably searing in his lungs, he says, “Burning skies, that was a solid kick.” He sounds impressed , and heat blooms over her cheeks. She reminds herself that he can’t see her face. He moves back to her, groaning as he sinks to a position where he can pick her up again. She starts to protest, but he taps his shoulder with two fingers again: the same signal he had used earlier when showing her where to place her arm. She realizes that arguing with him will only waste time and energy, something neither of them have to spare. She places her arm across his shoulder obediently. This time, when he picks her up, she feels the shudder pass through his leg, a tremor that reverberates clear into his chest. For a moment, she is worried that he will drop her, but he seems to draw strength from the pain, as though it is the only thing keeping him conscious. With every step, she feels that pain as though it is her own. The visceral reminder of the connection between them seems more powerful and raw with the warmth of his chest seeping into her side. It is the pain that makes him vulnerable. Human. She cannot bear to think of him that way, even with the solid weight of him against her body and her head so close to his chest that she can hear the quickness of his heartbeat even through the helmet. “We’re close,” Ren says abruptly. “Do you hear that?” She strains her ears, and finds that she can. There is something that sounds like shouting, and music. It is a strange thing to hear music in this desolate place, but it is there all the same: the quick sound of deep drumbeats and a melodic undercurrent. They pass beneath a gap in a high stone wall. Ren sets her down, but doesn’t let her collapse on the ground. Instead he holds her to his side, his arm below her ribcage, keeping her upright. They are standing before a massive stone structure, cut from the same rock as the mountain, a temple or a fortress. Above them, cords stretch in every direction, hung from the walls and towers, crossing over each other in an intricate but indecipherable pattern. From the ropes hang a thousand fluttering flags, some brightly colored yellow or red, others dull and muted. She sees a painted black eye, a red skull, a golden sun. A few have strange hieroglyphics that Rey cannot understand, symbols that do not resemble anything at all. There are fires burning in odd places, lit here and there on the walls and the towers. Every time the wind whispers through the flags the images on them seem to come alive. Above them, a great statue has been carved out of what Rey thinks is bronze. It is a woman, a goddess, with braids trailing over her head and shoulders. She stands fifty meters tall. Ren steps forward, and Rey moves with him, his gait slow and unsteady. They climb a series of long, flat steps which lead to the door of the temple, and when they reach the top Ren pauses. He releases his hold on her waist, and she reaches out to steady herself against the door. “Take off the mask, and disarm,” he orders. “We don’t want to be perceived as a threat, and I’m in no condition to fight.” At first, she’s not sure what he means, but then she remembers the blaster at her side, taken from the guard. She hesitates. “I’m not going in there unarmed,” she says finally. He looks amused. “And who’s going to fight them, little salt-mouse? You?” She bristles; she doesn’t know what a mouse is, but she can tell from his skeptical tone that it is meant to belittle her. He’s right, though; neither of them are ready for a fight, so she bites her tongue. Reluctantly, she unclips the blaster from her belt, and sets it on the ground. Ren removes the broadsword from his back, and for the first time Rey gets a glimpse of the weapon in full. It is a little over a meter in length from crossguard to point, the blade hidden by a black scabbard that is devoid of markings. A series of leather cords cross over the surface. Like everything he wears, it is worn and battle-scorched. She expects him to have other weapons concealed within the confines of his robes, but after setting the sword gently against the wall, he straightens and moves back over to her. She fumbles for a moment with the mask, not entirely sure how to release it, but his hands press just so and then he lifts it away. He puts the mask under his left arm. There is a pause, and a sudden uncertainty between them. This time, when he puts his arm around her waist to support her weight, he doesn’t look at her. “Don’t stare,” he says simply. She averts her eyes immediately, fixing them on the door. She hadn’t meant to watch him so intently. “At what?” she asks, pretending that she hadn’t been looking. “Any of it,” he replies, and then pushes the heavy doors open. Only then does she realize that he might not have been referring to himself. She is bombarded by light and noise. The music thrums in the air, a strange tympanic drumbeat accompanied by a low-pitched, melodic instrument that gives out a wooden, earthy sound. It is a large space, and yet it seems crowded; men and women are yelling in strange languages, a fire roars in a deep pit, and she sees what looks like gambling tables with cards and many-sided dice. A loud cry goes up from the far table: someone has won their hand. For a moment, it is so wild and overwhelming that Rey thinks that their presence might have gone unnoticed. But only for a moment. “ Kylo Ren !” a woman’s voice booms out over the din, and suddenly all things stop. The crowd parts, allowing a slight, small woman to pass. Rey immediately recognizes her likeness: black skin and large, dark eyes behind pair of thick goggles, hair spilling over her shoulders in braids…this woman is the temple goddess made flesh. As she approaches them, Rey sees that she is barely taller a child, and yet her every movement speaks of hidden power. Ren closes his eyes, as if steeling himself for some great ordeal. He opens them. “Kanata.” The woman purses her lips, narrowing her eyes. “What is this ‘Kanata’? Are we not friends, Strei-kai-loro ?” Ren grins, a gleaming smile. The light from the fire turns his strong-featured face to gold and shadow. “I wouldn’t go that far, Maz. Allies, perhaps.” “Then as your concerned ally , I feel it is my duty to tell you that you look like hell,” Kanata says. Her eyes glitter brightly behind the round transparisteel of her goggles. “You both need medicine. A shame the First Order has forbidden unregistered entities to deal in such substances. I’m afraid the Grand Admiral has been…bad for business. We here have fallen on hard times.” Ren draws out a small, flat chip from his robes. “Perhaps your luck is about to change.” Kanata eyes the sliver of metal. “Will diethyl be sufficient?” she asks, a clever smile passing over her lips. “Two doses,” Ren says quietly, handing the chip to Kanata. Payment, Rey realizes. “And a whiskey, if you don’t mind.” Ren leads Rey away, and the cacophony slowly rises again as the attention of their audience is drawn elsewhere. As they cut through the crowd, Rey realizes that this is not the kind of place she would want to come alone. She sees a young woman no older than herself, pressed against a large, heavyset man; she is dressed beautifully, with gems at her throat and on her gauzy skirt, her breasts bound with ornate fabric. Golden bracelets encircle her wrists. She takes the man’s hand and brings it between her thighs. Rey looks down at the floor, horrified. Eyes follow her, and she knows enough of men to follow their thoughts. If she hadn’t already been ill, those gazes might have turned her stomach. For a moment Ren’s hand seems to tighten on her waist. She is grateful when he selects a table against the back wall, and she collapses into a seat. Food is set before them: not rations, but somehow not real food either. She doesn’t touch it, and neither does Ren. She is not sure if it is because they are both ill or because breaking bread with an enemy would violate some unspoken accord between them. “What did you pay that woman for?” Rey asks him curiously. “Diethylenetriamine pentaacetic acid,” he replies, but his eyes are not looking at her. He stares out over the establishment. “A temporary fix. When we return, we’ll get proper treatment, but I’d like to reduce the damage to our bone marrow if I can.” Rey’s eyes widen. She is being treated with a substance that binds to metals. “Radiation,” she says faintly. Ren makes a noise, a quiet hum at the back of his throat. “You’re very astute.” “From the War,” she says finally. His eyes flicker to hers, and every muscle in his body seems to tighten. “I wasn’t sure the sky-walkers’ memories reached that far back.” “We remember enough,” she tells him defensively, knowing that his words were meant to insult her. “You remember what happened before,” he says, so coldly that Rey can feel his words creak in her bones. A woman comes, with syringes full of a pale blue liquid, almost like water, and a dark glass of what Rey assumes is whiskey. Ren takes Rey’s arm, and finds the vein on the inside of the apex above her forearm. A moment later the needle pricks her skin. “You don’t know the hell that came after.” *** “I’m curious!” shouts Poe as Finn settles into the TIE fighters co-pilot seat, strapping himself in just a little tighter than is absolutely necessary. “If I hadn’t caught you, would you have tried to fly this thing on your own?” “Probably,” Finn replies. Then another thought occurs to him. “What were you even doing there?” “It’s classified. Let’s just say I was given a slightly off-the-record mission that required a very short-range flight.” “You’re being sent to earth?” Finn asks incredulously. “In this thing?” “I’m required to answer that with a firm ‘no’,” Dameron replies with a laugh. “Classified, remember?” Suddenly, the engines come to life: Dameron is powering up the systems, hands sure and gaze focused, but the TIE fighter rattles violently and Finn’s stomach lurches into his chest. “Can you fly this thing?” he asks. “I can fly anything ,” Dameron replies confidently, but somehow Finn doesn’t think that confidence will do him much good if the solar panels can’t isolate power or direct it to the engines. “I’ve always wanted to fly one of these,” Poe confesses reverently. Without warning, the fighter lurches, a distinctive grating scream coming from its engines as they roar to life. Dameron’s hands move over the controls, checking the systems. For a moment, the ship hovers in the hangar bay, movement restrained by a security cable. “I got this, I got this…” Finn hears Poe call out. And then the cable detaches and the ship’s thrusters send it catapulting out of the hangar. Finn lets out a joyous whoop, but his exhilaration is quickly tampered by a sharp volley of blasts that issue from the Eleusis ’s command towers. “I thought you said command knew about this mission of yours!” Finn shouts. “I never said that!” Dameron replies. “I said that it was-” And then a blast catches one of the TIE’s solar-paneled wings, the lightest brush, and Finn discovers just how fragile the fighter is. Unbalanced, it careens out of control, the roar of its engines now a wail, and he can see a glimpse of the golden planet through the canopy above his head, lined with black rivers… And then gravity takes them. Notes: Posting in celebration of Reygate (I don't trust J.J. at all, but I can now at least pretend that this ship is morally pure). The title for this chapter is from the beautiful Cecilia Woloch poem Hades . "Where we go when he closes my eyes and under what country : some blue darkness, farther than hell; a landscape of absence and root and stone..." Beta'd by the awesome tumblr user all-my-dreams-and-ambitions! It's so tough to find good betas, and I've been incredibly lucky with this fic. I'm also unbelievably lucky to have readers who are very engaged with this story. Your comments are always so thoughtful and I love reading your reviews! Even if I can't respond to every one, know that I read them all and really, really appreciate them. Chapter 4 : Kore Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was Snoke who first told Kylo the histories of the Great Schism, the civil war that tore apart the earth, ripping it at the seams, pouring smoke and ash and radiation into the sky, and casting darkness over the planet. Snoke had told him of the hundred-year night, after the last of the ships left the earth to its fate, when the the sun could not be seen in the sky and all things withered and died. Snoke had spoken of a great wound in the Force that binds all things together. “The Jedi of old sought to bring the Force back into balance,” he recounted, a nightmarish mockery of a fairytale, the chords of his voice low and straining. “But even they, with their knowledge of the light, could not restore what had been lost.” As a child, Kylo had been mesmerized by Snoke’s face, transfixed by the deformed features that had become so familiar to him over the years, radiation-scarred and white as death. One raised scar in particular traced the back of Snoke’s head, curving over his left brow, and his right cheek was sunken and misshapen. Each keloid testified to the vengeance of the earth, to the destruction of all things that lived and moved, and yet…Snoke had seen the sky and the stars with his own eyes, and had not died. Few men could say the same. “The Force did this?” Kylo had asked him. In his mind, the same energy that bound their world together could also tear it apart. The Force, he was certain, had turned against them. Mankind was being punished for their greed and their will to conquer what did not belong to them. “No, my child,” Snoke had said, voice soft as it could be. It was haggard, as though he had lived a thousand lives before this one. “The Force did not do this. Men did this.” Kylo was one of many names that were given to him. Strei-kai-loro , the tribesmen had called him. The child who fell from the stars. That name had been crafted into its Basic form by Snoke when he was brought to Coruscant, a martial name befitting a Knight of Ren. Other names followed. Nrostro-eka-likaak . Receiver of Many Guests. Keing-eka-Skail. King of the Dead. When Kylo told Snoke of the girl, the child who made wheat fields out of dust in his dreams, the Supreme Leader whispered another name like a prophecy. It is a name that is still etched onto Kylo’s ribs, pressed like a seal into his skin. Kore. The maiden. *** Her name is Rey. Kylo can feel the warmth of her skin beneath his fingers. She stares at him with bright, curious eyes, a light hazel color flecked with green, and he cannot believe that she is real, that the girl before him is made of flesh and blood. There are scrapes on her palms where she fell in the Wastes, bruises on her shins, and cuts on her arms where she struggled to free herself from the restraints. The touch of his skin to hers steadies him. His hands are sure as he finds a vein beneath her skin. She winces when the needle pierces the surface, the skin around her nose scrunching in discomfort, and he smooths his finger over the place where a faint drop of blood appears. “What came after?” she asks him softly. Kylo is silent. He has said too much already, revealed too much of himself to this curious, powerful girl. “I saw your mind,” she presses. “I felt it.” She doesn’t have the language to express it, but he knows that she too is thinking of that dormant, diseased thing that was once the Force. The reminder that she had overpowered him in the interrogation room is unsettling. He should have followed orders. He should have taken the sky-walker Commander, and left her alone. But he had seen her, and his soul had betrayed him, and he had seized the girl in some reckless abandonment of reason. “I want to go home ,” she pleads finally, and her voice shakes. He knows that deep longing for home, and the quaver in her voice touches some part of his consciousness that was seared long ago. “Can you?” he asks her, as gently as he can. “You have walked the earth, and seen the sun and the moon and the stars, not through a mask but with your own eyes. You have done what no sky-walker in centuries has done. Even if I released you, could you go back?” She doesn’t answer him. Instead, she lifts her eyes to his defiantly. “Why did you attack us?” she demands. “Your people shed the first blood,” he says, anger rising in him. He tries not to think of Phobetor, the older knight’s blood soaking the white sand and turning it black. He wants this girl to know what her people have taken from him, but when he lifts his eyes to hers he finds no compassion in them. “You’re a liar,” she whispers, so vehemently that he wonders if she is truly Kore at all. It was promised that she would be of the light, but the kind of light Rey possesses is not the dim red haze that he had imagined, dull and weak. This is something else entirely. This is the child who danced through his dreams. One moment she is the pure kiss of true sunlight against skin, and in the next she is blazing and blinding, bright and vengeful. He is spared having to respond as one of the temple girls approaches them, clothed in a gauzy blue fabric. The priestesses are always beautiful; this one is no exception. She has olive skin, and pearls adorn the dark hair that is gathered at the back of her head in an intricate knot. She speaks no Basic, and Kylo translates for Rey. “This is Aboyami, one of the temple girls. She is asking you to follow her. Kanata has arranged a room for you.” “I can leave?” Rey asks, and he can sense that she is stunned he is willing to let her go without him. “Where would you go, salt-mouse?” he replies, his words affirming what they both already know to be true. The only thing that waits for her beyond these walls is death. He allows the unspoken implication to hover in the air between them: I don’t need restraints to keep you close. She is still his prisoner. *** Steam rises from searing hot water. Rey is standing in an immense underground hall, with pale tiles on the ceiling that form intricate patterns and cast a pearly light over the pool of water in the center of the room. Her head spins; an array of pale pink, silver-green, violet, and a deep blue lights scatter over the surface of the clear water. Thick white pillars stand at even intervals, supporting a glass mosaic ceiling of breathtaking complexity. Rey has never seen anything like it. Water on the Eleusis was immensely valuable, and the vastness of the pool awes her. An attendant accompanies Rey, a temple girl clothed in cornflower silk that seems to whisper over her skin. Ren had called her Aboyami. Her skin is lighter than Kanata’s, and a string of pearls has been weaved into her black hair. She doesn’t speak Basic, instead tugging wordlessly at Rey’s clothing with gentle hands. At first Rey pushes her hands away, but then the girl motions from Rey to the water. Oh. Rey understands the girl’s gestures. The sonics on the Eleusis were small, vertical pods, only a little taller than Rey herself. She knows that water is cleansing, and can be used to clean oneself, but the precious substance was never used for that purpose at home. “Can I…?” Rey whispers. “Are you sure?” Aboyami nods, relieved. The girl helps Rey out of her flightsuit, and then the white linen clothes beneath. At first, Rey feels a little self-conscious letting the girl undress her but the young woman seems to think nothing of Rey’s nudity. She gathers up Rey’s clothes and begins to leave. “Wait!” Rey calls out, staring at that small bundle of white clothes. “Will I get them back?” She tries to make the girl understand, putting her hand on the fabric, and then over her heart. Aboyami shakes her head. When she speaks, her words are shaky, clipped, and heavily accented. “All burned. Bad for skin.” Rey is glad she asked. She quickly takes back the leather pouch attached to the side of her belt, where she had stored the dozen or so small, rectangular boxes she had taken from the lab. The temple girl looks at the bag curiously, but says nothing. Rey gives everything else back to her, sadness weighing on her heart. She won’t even be permitted to keep her own clothes. Tears sting her eyes. “ Enaka nik me lohem, Strei-kai-loran ,” Aboyami says, touching Rey’s hand with her own, and the phrase tugs at the corner of Rey’s mind. She has heard it somewhere before, and when she places it she realizes that it is the same language that Ren speaks. “Enaka nak me…” “ Enaka nik me lohem ,” Aboyami repeats. “E-na-ka nik me lo-hem,” Rey tries again. She giggles at Rey’s clumsy words, but then smiles so vibrantly that it warms Rey’s heart. “Good!” The dark-haired girl gathers Rey’s clothes against her chest, and then almost seems to skip from the room, her footsteps light as air. Suddenly alone, Rey turns to the water, and places the small pouch at the edge of the pool carefully. She can’t swim, but a series of steps lead down into the water, and despite its immensity Rey quickly discovers that the bath is shallow. If she stands, the water barely reaches the small of her waist. The hot water is wonderful against her skin, but it stings the cuts on her wrists, knees, and shins. The bottom of the pool is not rock, but white sand. She curls her toes into the fine grains of sand, letting her head slip below the surface for a brief moment. She resurfaces, dragging the ties out of her wet hair and combing through it with her fingers. She stretches her muscles, and the bones in her back crack. There are purple bruises forming on her arms and legs, and a particularly nasty one is blooming just under her ribcage. She leans her head back against the edge of the pool, and looks up. The ceiling is beautiful, inlaid with constellations of glass tiles, and she can make out vague shapes, diamonds and curved lines that look like the petals of flowers. Candles float on the surface of the water. Something stirs in her heart. For a moment, she lets her mind rest. In that quiet space, the first thing that occurs to her is that she is hungry, which she takes to be a good sign. The second is a terrible homesickness. She longs for her cool bunk in her own quarters. She wants to know how her crops are faring, and if the attack on the Eleusis had damaged the wheat. More than anything, she needs to talk to Finn, because Finn would know what to do. He would have a plan, a way to get out of this. Finn wouldn’t have let his fear conquer him. He would have been brave. Rey covers her face with her hands. She should have asked Ren more questions about the War and what had come after, but she hadn’t been able to summon the courage. Instead, she had begged for home, like a child . She had asked for his permission to leave… Her cowardice sends heat into her cheeks. Rey lashes out at the water, the memory still sharp, sending a few candles hissing and toppling beneath the surface. The water stills, and in the quiet she hears footsteps behind her. She turns, expecting the temple girl, but it isn’t Aboyami. She recognizes the young woman approaching. Rey had seen her earlier in the main hall of the temple; her skirt is woven with as many colors as the ceiling above them, and a string of gems rests on her neck. Rey wonders how much those stones had cost, and where she had found the money to buy them…and then Rey thinks of the man’s hand, buried between the young woman’s legs. Heat rises to Rey’s cheeks for a different reason. She knows that there were some on the Eleusis who offered extra rations, or new clothing, or holochrons, or even medicine in exchange for sexual favors. Such practices were strictly forbidden, and violators severely punished. “Are you looking for me?” Rey asks finally, hardly able to meet the woman’s eyes. They are bright green, the color of grass. “My name is Sahar. I have been sent to tend to your wounds,” the woman tells her, and Rey is immensely grateful that she speaks Basic. “Do I need to get out…?” Rey asks, not really wanting to leave the water. Her body still aches, and the warm, soothing water is her only relief from the pain. She hasn’t ever felt anything like it before. “No,” says Sahar, raising her skirt to her knees and kneeling at the edge of the pool. Her skirt fans out around her, shimmering and nearly transparent, like the petals of a flower. “Just give me your hands.” Rey offers her right hand. The skin of her palm is broken and raw. The bleeding has stopped, leaving behind angry red scratches. Sahar frowns, inspecting the wounds. “They will scar,” she tells Rey quietly. “It doesn’t matter,” Rey replies dispassionately. Sahar takes a small, round container from the folds of her skirt. Inside there is a white paste, and she spreads it over Rey’s palm, talking softly as she works. “What were you thinking of before I came in?” she asks. “I don’t think it was the water that wronged you.” “The man I was with…do you know him?” Rey asks tentatively. The woman smiles. “Yes. Kylo Ren.” Rey’s hatred for him resurfaces at the mention of his name, consuming every fiber of her being, and yet she can’t seem to get his voice out of her head. It taunts her: Even if I released you, could you go back? She desperately wants to understand the nature of the connection between them. That connection scares her, it makes her feel a traitor to her own people…and somehow it thrills her. He had walked in her mind, and she in his. She had felt his pain as her own. “What do you know about him?” “I am masnavi . I know many stories. Some of those stories are about Kylo Ren,” Sahar answers. Something clever gleams in her eyes. Perhaps it is just the light of the candles, reflected in her eyes the same way it glimmers on the water. “What is masnavi ?” Rey asks curiously. “In your tongue, it means tale-weaver. I spin words into stories.” The salve is cool against Rey’s hands, and Sahar’s voice is soothing to her mind. Rey presses her fingertips into her eyes. They are warm from the water, and the pressure relieves some of the pain in her head. “Will you tell me one?” asks Rey quietly. “And what will you give me in return, sky-walker girl?” “I’ll tell you a story,” Rey offers. She doesn’t ask how Sahar knows that she is not from earth. Rey knows she looks earthborn about as much as Ren looks like an Eleusian . “And you can pass it on, to your customers.” “Customers?” laughs Sahar, as if the word is somehow offensive to her. “I do not weave words for money. I am not like the ordinary temple girls who are in Kanata’s service. I am masnavi .” “I saw you,” Rey says bluntly. “With that man.” Sahar giggles, and the sound is unexpected, girlish. She blushes prettily, as if embarrassed to have been caught. That endearing sort of innocence reminds Rey of the way she and Jessika had giggled in hidden corners of the Eleusis , whispering whenever the space pilots walked by. “Do sky-walker girls not make love to sky-walker boys?” Sahar asks curiously. Rey blinks. “But he…I thought…” she stammers, not wanting to admit that she had thought the girl a prostitute. She doesn’t know how to explain that on the Eleusis , sex was a very private thing. Dim light and discrete corners regardless, Rey would never dream of having a man touch her… there …in the middle of a crowded hall. Sahar laughs again at the expression on Rey’s face, the sound as clear as a bell ringing. “Tell me your story,” says Sahar, with a knowing look in her eye. “And if it is a good one, maybe I will tell you a story about Kylo Ren.” *** “Who’s the girl?” Kanata asks Ren in the abrupt fashion he has come to expect from her. The fire has burned down to the last of its embers, and the room has become quiet in the still hours of the dawn. Kylo can feel the diethyl working in him, but exhaustion plagues his body and there is a heaviness pressing on his chest. He will have to return to Coruscant, with the girl…and if he falters, even for a moment, Snoke will know what Ren already suspects to be true about her. “A prisoner of war,” Kylo answers vaguely. “The First Order commanded you to take a young girl prisoner? Surely there were more threatening military targets than that little one,” Maz says skeptically. Kylo almost laughs, the woman before him proof that size is no indication of power. Kanata is a law unto herself. In many ways, she is more dangerous to the First Order than the rebels; at least the Resistance fighters are transparent, fighting for their so-called righteous cause, but Maz is different. The old woman is Force-sensitive, clever, and has no loyalty to anyone but herself…at least on the surface. “I may have deviated slightly from my orders,” he replies carefully. “A mistake.” Those large, old eyes seem to stare into his soul. Kylo is scared of what she might find there; and yet, he needs to know . “Does she…remind you of anyone?” he asks, dreading the answer. He doesn’t have to say a name. Kanata already knows of whom he speaks. The resemblance is so strong, so obvious …the girl is the ghost of Demetrius herself. The likeness is too remarkable to be anything other than blood. Even if Snoke could be persuaded that the girl should be allowed to live, that the Force flowing through her veins could be useful to the First Order, Kylo knows that the Grand Admiral won’t stop until he sees her dead. “When you have lived long enough, you start to see the same eyes in different people,” Maz says, her voice deep and wild. “I see her eyes. I know her eyes. There is no mistake, Kylo Ren.” Ren closes his eyes. With this confirmation, Kanata has just issued a death sentence for the girl. He might as well have let her die in the Wastes. He feels a touch against his cheek, and opens his eyes. Kanata takes his face between her small palms, and for a moment she stares into his eyes without speaking. Though she stands and he is seated, they are at eye level. Neither of them blink, but an expression of deep, enduring sorrow crosses her face. “I am so, so sorry, my child. You have suffered many losses, and I fear there are even greater trials ahead.” “The First Order is calling for war,” he confesses. “The strike on the Eleusis was just a preliminary attack.” “And if there is war with the sky-walkers, will the Knights of Ren fight with them?” asks Kanata. “We serve at the command of the Supreme Leader,” he says dutifully, but the words are hollow. “There was a time,” Kanata whispers softly, her eyes dim and sad behind her transparisteel lenses. “When the Knights of Ren served no man. They served only the Force. They kept the balance, between dark and light, life and death.” Something desperate rips at his heart. She is asking him for more than he can give to her. He shakes his head. “That time has come and gone, my friend.” “Friend? I wouldn’t go that far,” she says, throwing his own words back at him. A smile flickers over her narrow, wrinkled lips. “Allies, perhaps.” *** Rey is stunned. She expects a cell, but her room is a neat, warm space. The bed is far larger than her platform at home, piled with thick woven blankets. The pillows have tiny mirrors sewn into them, and that small detail reminds her of something she’d seen in Ren’s mind. The mirrors are there to ward off spirits and protect her while she sleeps. The room has a window, and beyond the thick transparisteel she can see the expanse of desert and the broken city. The sky is lightening to a faint grey tinged with pink. She doesn’t care that it is morning. Despite everything that has happened, her body urges her towards sleep. She pulls shut the heavy curtains, blocking out the light. On a small footstool, there are clothes similar to those worn by Aboyami. Rey discards her long robe and pulls on the pair of lightweight, silky pants and a short, cropped tunic that clings to her form. The fabric is white, embroidered with a pale blue thread, and she wonders if the temple girl had purposefully attempted to find something similar to the clothes she had taken from Rey. The thought brings a genuine smile to Rey’s lips. She crawls into bed, curling up beneath the heavy covers. She tries to think of a story, one good enough to impress Sahar. She had told the masnavi woman several fairytales, stories of magic men and princes and warriors. But Sahar had been unimpressed. “You must tell me a story I have not heard before,” she’d said. “And I have heard many stories.” Rey had never been good at storytelling. She didn’t have parents to tell her stories before bed, or any younger siblings to practice on. It had taken Sahar a long time to bind Rey’s hands, wrists, and shins, and the masnavi had listened intently as she worked to Rey’s fumbling attempts to recount stories she hadn’t heard since her childhood. Maybe she should tell Sahar the story of the cinder girl, whose sisters made her sleep in ashes…or the story about the boy who was raised by wolves, Finn liked that one…but those are old stories, stale stories, stories that have been told and retold a thousand times over. Rey doesn’t remember falling asleep, but when she wakes she has a feeling that something isn’t right. A loud sound had dragged her into consciousness. She scrambles out of bed. Her body aches, the bruises on her knees and shins painful, but her mind is sharp and rested. Rey throws open the curtains. It should be day, but the sky is dark again, filled with black clouds. It is so dark that she cannot make out the shape of the city in the distance. Is it possible that she slept through the day? She crosses her arms over her chest, shivering. Her heart is pounding and her ears are straining…there had been a sound, she is sure of it. And then the sky catches fire. White light issues from the clouds, crackling down to earth, spreading out like the skeletal branches of a tree. The bellies of the clouds are illuminated with that brightness, and for a brief flash she can see the barren desert, the cracks in the white, flat surface spreading out like a spider’s web. The light vanishes, and everything is darkness once again. Moments later she hears it: a deep, rumbling roar, a shudder that passes over the face of the earth. Her eyes widen, and her heart pounds in her chest. Fear thrums inside of her, but she moves forward unconsciously, unable to tear her eyes away from the window. The minutes drag on in silence. Then the sky opens again, and the blinding light splits the clouds, followed by loud noises that sound like the earth is giving way beneath her. She presses her fingertips against the transparisteel, watching the violent dance of light, listening to the drums beating under the earth. She knows what they are, the words from a holo surfacing in her mind: lightning and thunder . But the words had no meaning before this moment. She could not have imagined the devastating power behind them. The storm lasts for a long time, and Rey watches in silent fascination. Eventually she returns to her bed, drawing her knees up to her chest, eyes still fixed on the window. The wind howls against the transparisteel, and finally rain begins to pour from the sky in heavy sheets. The storm is untamable, wild, and it awakens something power-hungry inside of her. Even if I released you, could you go back? The question claws its way inside her chest, talons cutting deep inside of her. But it doesn’t feel painful. It feels like a cage around her heart has been thrown wide open. It feels like freedom. “No,” she replies aloud. She knows that he hears her, but there is no answer. *** She isn’t sure why she expects Ren to come to her. The last time they had spoken, she had called him a liar, and that accusation still hangs heavy between them. Ren had said that her people had started this, that they had shed the first blood. She had assumed that he was twisting the truth, trying to manipulate her. And yet she had sensed honesty in his words. She reminds herself that if someone on board the Eleusis had come to earth, she would be aware of it. Everyone onboard operates according to a schedule. There are shifts and duties and logs, there are identification numbers that command uses to know exactly where everyone is located. It is a system that has been perfected over centuries, and any shift in the dynamics would be extremely dangerous. She searches her mind, trying to find a gap in time, a flaw in the system…and abruptly, she stumbles upon it. There was a gap. Three years in which sixteen deep space pilots had no contact with the Republic. She slips out frantically from under the covers, and into a pair of lightweight boots that Aboyami had left at the foot of the bed. They are too big for her, but she hardly cares. If Ren won’t come to her, she’ll find him herself. Outside her room, the air is cold and bitter, seeping through her thin sleep clothes. She tries to remember the path Aboyami had taken up from the baths, to reverse it in her mind. She searches desperately for someone, anyone , but the halls are empty. Left, right, down another hallway, and then down a series of stairs that seems to lead under the fortress itself. She needs to find Aboyami, or one of the other temple girls. Surely one of them must know where Ren is. She starts to think that maybe she has taken a wrong turn. There had been an intersection a little ways back…perhaps she should have gone left, instead of right. She shivers, and decides to go back and wait in her room until someone comes for her. “No!” Rey goes completely still, the faint scream echoing in the hallways. It is a child’s scream, terrified and desperate. It belongs to a girl. Rey turns. The sound had come from below her. Instead of going back, Rey continues down the stairs, her footsteps echoing on the ground, listening hard. “No…wait!” Rey moves forward, closer to those pleading, scared shouts. She doesn’t recognize this place. The hallway is windowless and dark, lit only by iron torches on the walls. There are a series of doors…a dungeon. Terror fills her. Someone is keeping a little girl trapped down here. There are soft cries in the darkness, and Rey steps closer. Before her is a thick blast door, and the muted screams are coming from inside. Unprompted, the door parts with a soft hiss. There is no girl. Rey moves forward into the room hesitantly. All around her are strange objects, ornate and ancient, but she doesn’t care about any of them. Her gaze falls on a heavy wooden chest, and for a moment she forgets about everything that has happened to her since she was taken from the Eleusis . She forgets about the strange light that came from the clouds and the rumble that came up from the depths of the earth and the girl’s screams. This simple box hums with life. It seems to whisper to her, beckoning her closer. There is something inside that chest, something she needs. Something she wants . Something that belongs to her. Her fingers lift the iron latch, and then the heavy lid. She can feel dust beneath her fingers, a quarter of an inch thick, and the hinges creak. Inside the chest is a small, cylindrical item that measures a little less than the length of her forearm. It is silver, with black lines near the base running perpendicular to its length, and a golden switch. Her hand shakes with anticipation. She picks it up. *** The Jedi Killer’s white cloak trails over the ground, its hem turned black by the charred earth. Smoke rises from the ground. There is a young woman bound to a tree, arms stretched above her head, the shackles that bind her nailed into the trunk. The bark glitters in the light, something slick and wet on its rough surface. Oil. Her robes are torn and blood trails from her forehead down to her jawline. Chara Demetrius. “Recant,” the Jedi Killer says softly. “It is not too late. Leave here with me.” The woman looks past him, turning her hazel eyes to her apprentice. The boy is kneeling on the ground, flanked by two stormtroopers. He is tall now, taller than when they had brought him to her…but still a child. Fourteen is not old enough for this. His padawan’s braid trails over his shoulder, dark curls staining his forehead. She hadn’t made him shave it close to his head, as was the practice of the other padawans. She had let him keep that one, small part of himself, and her fingers twitch against their bonds, itching to brush that dark strand away. Fear curls in her gut. She knows what will happen to him if she refuses. The child who fell from the stars. “Don’t do this,” she pleads. “Recant,” the Jedi Killer repeats. She spits in his face. Suddenly his pretense is abandoned. He takes a gloved hand and wipes her saliva from his cheek with two fingers, and then he forces open her mouth, shoving those two fingers back into her throat and making her gag. She bites down, hard, feeling the crush of the delicate bones of his hand, and then he rips his hand out of her mouth and backhands her. Pain explodes inside her skull, and she slumps against the tree. He grabs her by her throat, forcing her back up. She grits her teeth. “Chara Demetrius. The traitor, and the whore. Tell me where the child is.” “I will not.” “Recant!” “I will not.” He releases her throat, his sharp features contorted in fury. And then an empty calm passes over his face. “Then you will die.” “There is no death,” she says. “There is only the Force.” The Jedi Killer traces his hand over her face, her eyes, her lips. It is a strange gesture, a touch that speaks of familiarity. A cruel perversion of love. “It is a mercy. That I will be the one to kill you, instead of Snoke. The Supreme Leader would not give the last rites to a traitor.” The air is cold, and he can see her breath on the air as it leaves her body. He smiles. “But I will.” He opens his hands. Steel and flint, glittering in the moonlight, the only weapons he will use against her. His fingers move violently, almost too quickly too see, striking the dagger against the flint. There is a spark, and the roots and oil beneath her feet come alive. Notes: Thanks everyone for reading! (Over 2,200 views? And so many kudos and subscriptions...I really can't handle how awesome you guys are!) I'm going to update again very soon. My stu(dying) is over, so I will be able to spend more time on this story and post more often. I know monthly updates are just the worst, so thanks for sticking with me while I get through this rough patch! As always, I love reading your reviews, so please take a moment to tell me what you think! all-my-dreams-and-ambitions returned as the beta for this chapter and did an amazing job. If it weren't for her, the mirrors would be warding of spirits. Chapter 5 : Helios Descending Summary: After waking from a disturbing nightmare, Kylo seeks out Rey. Dameron and Finn crash-land on earth, and Poe reveals why the First Order attacked the Eleusis. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo Ren wakes to ashes in his mouth. He coughs and sputters, choking on the remnants of the dream. In the darkness, he stumbles blindly out of bed, dropping to his hands and knees on the floor, trying to expel smoke from his lungs. A dry heave racks his body; he can smell her burning flesh in the back of his throat, and he reaches out instinctively with the Force for that familiar presence… She’s dead! Ren thinks sharply. She’s already gone, you can’t save her. His body aches; a sharp pain in his knee brings him back to himself. The floor is cold. The taste of ashes lingers on his tongue…and with sudden clarity he realizes that this is not his dream. Through their bond, he can feel the girl’s distorted fear and desperation, still caught in the nightmare. This time when he reaches out to the Force, there is not emptiness, but a burning presence that unmistakably belongs to her. Rey. *** The little girl is screaming inside her head, pleading wildly for her family. “Come back!” But Rey is alone. There is rubble and smoke all around her. She sees a great fortress on fire, sparks and embers flying into the air. At the back of her throat there is a scent so strong she can taste it: burning wood, oil, flesh… A pair of soldiers dressed in white battle armor drag the apprentice out of the fortress, and make him kneel. A figure appears behind him, tall, lean, and graceful. The Jedi Killer. She knows his face: dark skin stretched over high cheekbones and silver-blue eyes that gleam in the darkness. His white cloak is untouched except for a black circle of soot around its hem. The soldiers force the boy to the ground, slamming him down face first, and Rey can hear him screaming as he resists them. Wordless, agonized. Like the little girl, he is screaming for his family. The Jedi Killer kneels behind him, reaching out a hand to stroke the bare skin at the back of the boy’s neck. After a few moments, the apprentice falls silent, weeping soundlessly into the sand, tears making lines on his ash-covered face. Rey shudders as the officer’s long, elegant fingers trail down a braid that begins at the base of the boy’s neck and falls over his shoulder. “Don’t,” the boy whispers to the ground. The man pulls out a dagger and brings it close to the boy’s head. For a terrible moment, she thinks that the Jedi Killer is going to slit his throat. Instead the knife flashes red in the light of the fire, and with a quick, sharp cut the padawan’s braid is severed. The Jedi Killer rises, and looks up, to the place where Rey is standing, as though he can see her. Those piercing eyes look into hers, stunning and otherworldly, but also cruel, and he strides towards her with knife in hand. A sword pierces the Jedi Killer’s chest from behind. It is not made of steel, but of red fire. He falls to the ground and the cerulean light in his eyes fades. Ren looms over him, the sword made of light illuminating his dark robes and mask. He is not alone: behind him are six masked knights, armed and clad in black. They wait, as if at her command. For a moment, Ren stares at her through his mask, and then he comes towards her… *** She stumbles away from him, but when she falls her elbows skid over the solid stone floor of Kanata’s temple. She heaves in great lungfuls of air, stumbling to her feet, keeping both eyes on the cylindrical device on the ground. She doesn’t know what it is, only that it terrifies her. There are uneven footsteps on the ground. She knows who it is, even before she sees him. She can feel his presence. When Ren emerges from the darkness, he is not the way he had appeared in the vision. He is unmasked and unarmed, clothed not in his strange black robes but in a simple pair of dark pants and a rough-spun tunic the color of charcoal. Concern flashes across his features. His eyes flicker to the small device on the ground, and his mouth becomes a grim line. “Rey,” he says gravely. She can’t remember if it is the first time he has called her by her name. “What was that?” she gasps out. He crosses the few steps between them, and she can see that his breathing is as unsteady as her own. His dark hair is wet, curling at the ends. He looks as though he has just resurfaced from a nightmare. Ren drops to the floor on one knee, hand hovering for a moment over the strange object, and she nearly shouts at him not to touch it. But before she can warn him, he picks it up. Nothing happens; the air is still. He stands. “Where did you get this?” he whispers finally, so quietly that she can barely make out his words. Rey points to the open door. Ren crosses the width of the hallway in a few quick strides, stepping inside. As though he knows where the device belongs, he ignores the ancient, priceless objects in the room, instead running his hands over the chest, fingers tracing the grooves in the rough wood and the iron lock. After a moment he opens it, and places the cylindrical object gently inside. Rey stands just inside the doorway, transfixed by the reverence of his movements. “Come here, Rey,” he says quietly. He is motionless, head bowed over the chest, his body so still that she wonders if he is even breathing. She steps forward into the small space, until there is only a single step between them. When he finally moves, he does the last thing that she expects. He takes her hand, lacing his fingers into hers, and draws her close to him. She doesn’t realize that she is shaking until she is pressed against his steady form. She shouldn’t let him hold her. She should push him away. But his presence is solid and unyielding, and she can’t explain why it is a comfort to her. She can feel the warmth of his body under her hand where he has clutched it to his chest, his thumb tracing over her knuckles. His other hand goes to the back of her head, fingers weaving softly through her hair. “What happened?” he murmurs, when she stops shaking. “I woke up and I felt…I tasted ashes, in my mouth…” He falls silent. She can feel the hitch of his breath beneath her palm. “I didn’t mean to come down here. I got lost,” she says into the hollow between his neck and his shoulder. Her words must amuse him, because he laughs softly next to her ear, as if to dispel the last remnants of the vision from her mind. His skin smells clean, like soap, mixed with something deeper and phenolic. A few moments pass before he releases her, looking at her intently, his broad hands resting on her shoulders. In the soft light of the torches, she sees for the first time that his eyes are not black, but a deep, rich brown. “I shouldn’t have gone in there,” Rey whispers finally. “That lightsaber…it belonged to Luke Starkiller, and his father before him,” Ren says solemnly. “And now, it calls to you.” There is more, she can feel it. He is holding something back. Something he doesn’t want her to know. The truth behind his words is hovering just out of reach. She shakes her head to clear it, grasping onto the only sure thing she has left. “I have to get back to the Eleusis .” Even now, she still clings to that small hope. Everything that has happened to her, everything she has seen and felt…none of it feels real. The Eleusis is real. She has to go home. “Rey,” he says, his voice heavy with grief. “You already know the truth. Whomever you’re waiting for on that ship…they’re never coming back.” Those words break something inside of her. They tear at the last remnants of hope that she has stored away inside herself, but they don’t scare her. Instead, she feels an overwhelming sense of relief. “The lightsaber belongs to you. Take it. Come with me,” Ren says intensely, his voice heavy with the promise of freedom. Deep inside of her, she knows that the Eleusis is not where she belongs. “Let me show you the ways of the Force.” The Force . She thinks of that darkness, that rotting, diminished thing, like an injured animal in a cave licking at its wounds. She jerks away from his touch and the moment is broken. Ren looks stunned, almost hurt. “No! No, I can’t. I won’t. I’m never touching that thing again…I don’t want any part of this!” “A wise decision,” a cold voice says from the darkness. A young man steps forward into the dim light. He is tall, nearly as tall as Ren, with hair the color of fire. There is a familiar design on the shoulder of his immaculate, high-collared uniform, stark white against his black overcoat: a spoked wheel inscribed by a hexagon. “But I doubt it will save you.” *** The bad news is that the TIE fighter briefly caught fire during the descent to earth, one of its hexagonal wings seared by a blast from the Eleusis . The good news is that aside from minor scrapes and bruises, neither Dameron nor Finn are seriously injured. The ship itself had for the most part withstood the crash landing, and the singed wing had been quickly drenched by the torrential downpour coming from the earth’s sky. All things considered, their descent to earth could have gone worse. The rain comes down in nearly horizontal sheets, and Finn and Dameron share a meal of rations between the two of them, huddled inside the small craft’s hull. Eventually, the power will fail and their supply of filtered oxygen will run out, but the safest - and driest - place for them at the moment is inside the hull’s protective shell. The rations are the last food they might have for a while, so Finn takes care to savor each bite. If he had planned ahead, he would have packed extra portions, but the thought hadn’t even occurred to him. He had been too focused on actually getting to earth to care about the finer details of his rescue mission. Finn deeply regrets his lack of foresight now that he and Dameron are allotted half a protein bar and a packet of insta-bread each. “At least we won’t run out of water!” Finn says brightly. Dameron just smiles at his optimism. Finn makes sure the filters are all running properly, and then opens the top hatch just long enough to collect some of the rain in a spare tin. He reseals the hatch and raises the tin to his mouth, but the water barely passes his lips before he spits it out. “Blech!” It’s hard to tell in the darkness, but the water is oddly dark, and the taste of it is corrosive and burning. He swipes at his tongue with the sleeve of his flightsuit. Dameron snorts and takes another bite of his insta-bread. “You knew it was no good!” Finn says accusingly, swirling a bite of the protein bar inside his mouth to get the disgusting taste off of his tongue. The protein bar doesn’t taste good itself, but anything is better than the acidity of the murky water. “Yeah, I did,” Poe admits. “And you let me drink it?” Dameron’s brown eyes crinkle at the corners. “Yeah.” Finn shakes his head. “Glad I could be of amusement,” he mumbles. He realizes how stupid he must seem to the older starpilot. Like a kid playing dress-up. He might be wearing the uniform of a deep space pilot, but Dameron is the real thing. “Finn,” Poe says suddenly, as if Finn’s thoughts are broadcasted on his face. “I think that what you’re doing is very brave. Going after Rey like this. She’s lucky to have a friend like you.” Finn shrugs. He can’t tell if Dameron is being sincere. “I didn’t really think about it, you know? She’s my best friend. We look out for each other.” “As I said…lucky.” Dameron crumples up the plastic packet that had previously held the insta-bread powder and swipes a few errant crumbs off of his jacket. He leans forward, resting his forearms against his knees. A comfortable silence falls between them and Dameron looks out of the transparisteel viewport into the rain. If it hadn’t been so violent, the storm might have been beautiful. On the distant horizon, Finn can see brief flashes of white light, like static. “You knew the water was bad because you’ve been here before,” Finn says suddenly. Dameron looks at him seriously. “Classified.” “‘Classified’…everything’s ‘classified’ with you,” Finn says, shucking out of his flight jacket angrily. “I thought since we’re the only two here, you might want…forget it. I’m going to bed. Wake me up if the storm breaks.” Finn covers his torso with the jacket and tries to get comfortable. There’s not really enough space to stretch out fully, so he just leans against the side panel with his back to Dameron. The rain is making an annoying plink-plink sound on the hull of the ship. He shuts his eyes, trying to block it out. “It’s my fault,” Dameron says. Finn sits up. Poe is looking away from him, jaw clenched. “What?” Finn asks. “Everything. General Solo. The attack on the Eleusis . None of this would have happened if I hadn’t been so…” His voice fades, cracking a little at the end. “What are you talking about?” Finn asks, confused. “You know Han trained me personally for command?” “Yeah,” says Finn. “I know that. Everyone knows that, I guess.” It’s true. Dameron is practically a legend; he had been cherry-picked from the top ranking commanders for the deep space program. When Solo died there was no question of who would step in as General. Dameron is extraordinary, the best pilot in the Republic. And on top of that, he has the personality, the charisma, and the charm. He is a natural-born leader. “Flight sims, weaponry, navigation, star charts…he taught me everything from day one. I can still remember this one session. I’d just passed the intermediate round of blaster accuracy tests, flying colors, and I was about to go into a sim with moving targets. And not just moving targets, but advanced combat, where the enemy fighters are armed.” The words are pouring out of Dameron, the same way the rain had come from the sky. Slowly at first, and then one after another until Finn can barely make sense of them. “And you know what he said to me?” Dameron asks, laughing darkly, a half-choked sound that reminds Finn more of a sob than true laughter. “He said: ‘Do whatever you have to, to convince yourself that this sim is real. Because if you ever come up against an enemy outside of this sim, you can be damned sure that they aren’t going to hesitate. One of you is going to die. So make sure you shoot first.’” A feeling of dread passes through Finn, though he can’t identify exactly which part of Dameron’s recollection is so disturbing to him. “You’re grieving, Poe,” he says blankly. “None of this is your fault…” “It is my fault,” Dameron whispers. “From the very beginning, it was my idea. Eight hundred years of deep space missions. All that data, all that intelligence…and it all told us the same thing. That there is nothing out there. And earth was so close, so close …one atmospheric drop away. I took the recon droid down to the ground myself. I never thought…” Finn nearly tells him to stop. When Poe had said that his mission was classified, Finn hadn’t expected that this is what he meant. This is beyond him. This is something he isn’t sure he’s ready to hear. “The droid’s transmitter cut out three months into our voyage. We thought it was a malfunction…we didn’t know there were survivors, on the ground. When we returned from deep space, we went back for BB-8, and they were waiting for us. They knew we were coming.” Dameron’s hands are shaking, as though he is reliving a terrible memory. “I can still see him. In that mask. I thought he was…I didn’t know he was human. I thought I was doing the right thing.” “You were doing the right thing!” Finn exclaims suddenly. “They attacked us!” “No,” Dameron says heavily. “No, haven’t you been listening, Finn? We attacked them .” *** “Hux,” says Ren simply, shifting almost imperceptibly. But Rey notices. She notices the way he stands just a little straighter. She feels the tension flood back into his body. For a brief moment, when he’d touched her, he had seemed to soften, but now he is hard and distant, reassuming the stance of a soldier. The officer, Hux, nods once to Ren. His gaze turns to Rey, and his lip curls in displeasure. His eyes are the palest blue, and they crawl down her body…but not in a way that suggests he enjoys it. No, if anything, he looks as though he has tasted something bitter. Her hair is wild, disorderly. Her arms are bare, her shoulders covered in freckles, and Rey is suddenly aware that the shirt Aboyami left for her clings to her chest tightly. If she possessed the curves of some of the temple girls her attire might have been considered immodest. As it is, she only feels self-conscious and embarrassed under the officer’s perusing eyes. “A different sort of woman than you’re accustomed to, Ren,” Hux sneers. “You normally prefer the masnavi girls, but then you always did enjoy your desert whores.” “We all have our preferences,” Ren says simply, voice smooth as silk. “I’m told you prefer the masnarin .” Hux’s grin falters, his eyes turning livid. “You…you son of a-“ Ren cuts him off in a clipped voice. “It took you longer than I expected to find me. I can only assume that the storm delayed you.” Hux’s chest heaves as he tries to compose himself. Rey strongly suspects that the delay had nothing to do with the white light pouring from the heavens and everything to do with the fact that the two young men before her seem to hate each other unreservedly. Perhaps Hux had hoped that Ren would die coming after her. “Yes,” Hux says finally, his colorless lips barely moving. “Yes.” “Interference with the comms?” Ren suggests diplomatically. Hux grits his teeth, but when he speaks his voice is controlled. “Yes, precisely. But we were able to reestablish our connection. And fortunately no harm has come to you, or the…prisoner.” Ren steps forward, as if to shield her. “What orders from Leader Snoke?” he inquires. “The Supreme Leader has given me permission to collect the girl and return her to base,” says Hux. “He was most displeased to hear that you failed to capture the enemy Commander. I was just as stunned at your disobedience, but now, having seen the girl, I understand entirely.” “I’ve already interrogated her. She knows nothing,” says Ren immediately. Rey can feel his lie humming across their bond, and is immensely grateful that the officer doesn’t seem to notice. “Snoke will want to question her himself,” Hux murmurs. Ren is silent, his face unreadable. “Will that be a problem?” the officer asks. “No,” says Ren. “Then restrain her, and we can get out of this pile of shit and stone.” Hux takes a pair of silver restraints from somewhere within his overcoat, and they flash threateningly in the dim light of the torches. Ren’s jaw clenches, but he takes them. “She doesn’t need them,” he tells Hux. “She’ll come easily.” Hux’s eyes narrow. “She’s a captive. And an enemy of the First Order. You’ll restrain her, or I will.” There is a tense moment between the two men, but then Ren moves to bind Rey’s wrists in front of her body and she swallows her disappointment. When it had been just the two of them alone in the passage, there had been a softness between them. But it was foolish of her to believe that they were anything but enemies; his kindness had been fleeting, and Rey is left with the bitter ache of disillusionment in her chest. Hux makes a noise of disapproval. “Behind her back, Ren.” “I’m not going to resist,” Rey says boldly, tired of the way the officer speaks to her as though she is animal that can’t understand him. Hux’s eyes gleam. “Resistance is in your blood, girl,” he says quietly. Rey doesn’t know what he means by that, but it sends a chill through her. Ren gives her the smallest shake of his head in warning. She bites her tongue and allows Ren to take her wrists and place them at the small of her back, glaring at Hux defiantly throughout the entire process. She hears the hiss of the restraints as they lock into place around her wrists. Even through the bandages, the harsh metal against her already broken skin makes her wince. Ren’s fingers linger for just a moment too long, skimming the delicate skin on the inside of her forearm, as if the touch is meant to reassure her. It doesn’t. Hux motions to her, and she takes a step forward. He tests the restraints harshly, chaffing the raw skin on her wrists. She grits her teeth defiantly, unwilling to cry out in front of him. “I left my belongings in my room,” she says through her teeth. “My soldiers have already confiscated them,” Hux replies lazily. Rey’s stomach lurches at the thought of his men rifling through her bag, treating its contents as though they were scrap instead of invaluable. “And given time, I’m sure they will locate the contraband Kanata’s crew is selling.” “Contraband?” Ren asks sharply. Hux’s pale lips curl into a smile. In the flickering light of the torches, the shadows of his cheekbones make his face look sunken and half-starved, and his lips move like two bloodless worms. On another man, these features might have been ugly, but he carries them well. He has an air of aristocracy, of wealth and power gained at others’ expense, and despite the sharpness of his features he might have been considered handsome by some. “Come now, Ren. You expect me to believe that you crossed the Wastes with one filter between the two of you and lived to tell about it? Kanata is a known dealer of diethyl.” Rey’s throat goes dry. Maz had given them the banned radiation drug that had saved their lives, and now she might be punished for it. Ren had called Kanata his ally…surely he wouldn’t let any real harm come to her. “Your orders are to collect the girl,” says Ren coldly. “You’ve collected her. Kanata is not your concern.” “The Grand Admiral has been given complete authority to dismantle the underground trading network of these Resistance sympathizers,” Hux informs him. This must be news to Ren. Rey can see that the officer’s words have shocked him. “The Grand Admiral is with you?” “He returned as soon as he heard the sky-walker had escaped your custody.” Hux pauses, savoring his words. Ren’s failures are clearly his triumphs; for the first time, Rey sees color beneath Hux’s cheekbones. “Perhaps you’d like to deliver the girl to him yourself?” he offers. “I’ll deliver her to Snoke, as ordered,” says Ren quietly. “The Grand Admiral has requested-“ “The Grand Admiral can burn in hell,” Ren murmurs, and Rey is stunned at the quiet vitriol in his voice. There is an anger that fumes and rages, but this is a different kind of anger, soft and deathly. “She returns to Coruscant with me, or not at all.” For a moment, Rey thinks Hux is going to argue with him. The officer’s eyes turn as pale and lifeless as a dead snake’s. The contrast between the two men is stark: Ren is all darkness and shadow, while Hux is entirely devoid of color. It is impossible for her to say which of the two has the higher authority. She wonders what will happen if Hux challenges him. But Hux does not argue. Instead, a knowing look passes over his face. “As you command.” He grips Rey’s forearm with bruising force and forces her forward, towards the steps. She risks a glance back to Ren, hoping against all hopes that there might be some compassion left in him for her. Ren’s dark eyes meet hers, and then he raises his hand, tapping his fingers against his shoulder, the same gesture he had made in the Wastes, just before he lifted her into his arms. A grim smile crosses his lips. And even though she feels as though everything around her is descending into hell, she hears the unspoken promise in that simple gesture. In that moment, she trusts him. Notes: Hello readers! smols-darklighter beta'd this chapter and did an awesome job! Weird words like "phenolic" get footnotes, because apparently I spend too much time thinking about what Kylo Ren smells like?: (http://fragranceoilinfo.blogspot.com/2013/09/what-is-phenolic-scent.html) As always, please leave a review! I love hearing your thoughts and reactions. :) Chapter 6 : Throne of Chthonios Summary: Rey is delivered to Snoke, and Kylo must account for his actions. An ancient tradition is invoked to protect her. Finn and Poe are forced to abandoned the shelter of the TIE fighter. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Whoa,” Finn says lowly, taking in a deep, crackling breath through his helmet, staring up at the sky with his mouth half-open. “Yeah,” Dameron says, shaking his head. In Finn’s ears, the starpilot’s voice is mixed with static, coming through their helmets’ comm system weakly. “Kriffing unbelievable.” The star destroyer takes up half the sky. “That thing must be the size of the Eleusis ,” Finn says, squinting up at the mammoth ship. Its hulking shape eclipses the setting moon and blocks out the distant points of a few scattered stars. The destroyer lurking overhead is hardly beautiful to look at - the silver outline of the ship is constructed entirely of uncompromising edges and rigid lines - but it is awe-inspiring nonetheless. “Bigger,” Dameron grunts. He pauses to tighten the straps on his heavy pack. “Must be sixteen hundred meters.” Finn wipes a hand over his helmet’s visor to clear it. There is still a faint mist coming from the sky, marring his vision, and the sand under his feet is not yet dry. They have been trekking over the difficult terrain in the dark for hours and Finn grows more weary with every heavy step, but remaining in the fallen TIE fighter was no longer an option. The twin-ion ship had sunk nearly two meters in fifteen minutes and Finn knows that it is probably buried in wet sand by now. “How far off do you think that range is?” Dameron asks abruptly. “Five, ten kilometers, maybe,” Finn guesses, turning his attention from the ship to the dark peaks ahead. “I was hoping to land on the other side. Guess I was off by a bit,” Poe says, his shoulders slumping wearily. “Hey, you were flying a one-winged TIE fighter,” Finn says bracingly. “Ten kilometers is nothing. We’ll get there by mid-afternoon, and then…” “And then we’ll climb a kriffing mountain,” says Dameron, smiling wryly beneath his helmet’s tinted faceplate. “Awesome.” “What do you think it’s doing?” Finn asks uneasily. “It’s just kind of…hovering there. Like it’s waiting for something.” Dameron shrugs, glancing up at the underside of the ship. Now that Finn mentions it, it does seem like the destroyer is waiting for something. Poe’s eyes follow the line of the mountain ridge curiously, the staggering peaks delaying the coming dawn as the sky brightens almost imperceptibly from black to navy. “It’s using the mountains to cloak itself,” Poe says quietly. “Interesting. Strategic.” “You think it saw us?” asks Finn nervously. Poe frowns. “Possible, but I doubt it. It’s not exactly hiding from us.” They march on in silence for a while, occasionally casting uneasy glances up towards the ship. It moves faster than they do, reaching the mountain range in the east in a matter of minutes. Finn licks his lips nervously. He has never been claustrophobic, but the helmet seems very small on him. Perhaps it is because the filter built into the helmet is the only thing separating him from a massive dose of radiation. The dark mist falls from the sky slower now, the clouds breaking up a bit. A faint line of red appears along the ridge of the mountain, and then… “Oh,” Finn exhales breathlessly. “Sunrise,” Dameron says, giving it a name. It is not the glorious thing Finn has read about in holochrons. The sun does not send a thousand colors into the sky; there is no joy in its rising. It is golden and dim and serious, as if the red orb peeking out over the mountain only rises in the morning because it has done so every day since the earth was born, marking the steady progression of time. The sunrise is not poetic or romantic. It is simply a fact. Even so, it roots Finn to the spot. *** The main hall of Kanata’s temple has been emptied, the fire in the pit now a hissing pile of embers, the chairs and tables upturned. Rey recognizes blast marks against the walls and dread falls like a heavy stone in her stomach. A hazy smoke fills the room, making her cough as she crosses the length of the hall, Hux and Ren at her back. Without the people and the noise, the place seems dimmer and more ancient. She hears the officer mutter to Ren, “Cowards, all of them. They hear the name Thrawn and abandon their schemes, fleeing to the mountains. Like roaches back to their holes.” Rey tries not to smile, but the corners of her lips turn up anyway. If Maz or her temple girls had been caught and punished for helping her, Hux would be smug, reveling in his success. They’ve escaped , Rey tells herself. They’ll be fine. Kanata is too clever to be caught. Seeing her relief, Hux shoves her forward roughly, sending her stumbling over the uneven stone floor. Her hands are restrained behind her back, so Hux is forced to step around her to open the wide temple doors. She steels her face into a blank expression so that he will not be tempted to punish her further. It must be morning, because the sun is creeping out from behind golden clouds in the east, but the sky itself is still that deep, inky navy. A few errant drops of water fall from the clouds in a fine mist. Rey shivers when the soft rain hits her face and bare shoulders, a cold desert wind seeping through her thin linen clothes. When she had crossed the Wastes with Ren, she had felt as though she were burning from the inside, but now that her fever has subsided it is as though she can’t get warm. Before her are scattered ships, most as small and light as x-wings. A solitary, hulking black shuttle looms over the smaller ships, bulky and beetle-shaped. She imagines oval wings emerging from its shell-like hull. Around the ships are gathered units of helmeted, armored troopers, clad all in white. Ren leaves her with Hux, walking a short distance along the wall of the temple, to the place where he left his sword. In a single, deft movement, he slips his head through the leather strap of the scabbard, securing the heavy blade at an angle across his back. It sets him apart from the other soldiers, the ancient weapon absurdly impractical. What good is steel against a blaster? Rey thinks. “You must be curious,” says Hux softly in her ear, and Rey starts, tearing her eyes away from Ren. Hux’s pale eyes are watching her intently. “The Knights of Ren don’t carry advanced weaponry. It is against their religion .” He says the last word with derision, as though Ren’s faith is something outdated and irrational. “But he attacked the Eleu -“ Rey stops herself. She doesn’t want Hux to know the name of her home. She doesn’t want to give him any information that he can use against her people. “He attacked the sky-walker ship. Many of them must have died.” “The Knights of Ren are not above killing,” Hux replies quietly, leading her away toward the largest shuttle as he speaks in a low voice, just out of Ren’s earshot. “Men kill each other every day. For hatred, for love, for glory, for survival. It is a human thing, even a necessary thing. Justice itself sometimes calls for violence, and there exists always in men that voice which cries out for justice.” He pauses his fevered speech. Rey senses that this is a man who will find a way to defend violence, even when it is not necessary or right. Hux speaks of killing like it is an unavoidable, sacred thing, and his words make her blood run cold. “No,” Hux concludes finally. “It is the machinery of war that the Knights of Ren despise.” “Why?” Rey asks, because Hux is right: she is curious. “Look around you, sky-walker girl,” he orders. She does, but as far as she can see in every direction there is only white sand and barren rock. The sky is reddening as the dying sun emerges, its weak light only barely reaching the earth. “Look at what war has made of us.” “Then why risk another war? Why attack my people?” she asks harshly. Hux looks troubled. He has not anticipated these kinds of questions from her, a weak-minded sky-walker. “Conflict is inevitable,” he says dismissively. Ren approaches, masked once again, the hilt of the sword gleaming over his shoulder. She is struck by how different he appears in his strange helmet - distant and militaristic. One of the troopers must have retrieved the mask from the temple, because she hadn’t seen him with it in the underground passage. She wonders where her own belongings are and what else Hux’s men have confiscated from Kanata’s palace. “We shouldn’t linger,” Ren tells Hux matter-of-factly, his voice deep and even through the modulator. Rey realizes with a jolt that neither she nor Hux have respirators and, unlike Ren, they are both exposed and vulnerable. Hux motions wordlessly to the boarding ramp and Ren escorts her inside the bulky shuttle. There is a wide, open space filled with large, metal containers; the shuttle is clearly not designed for military engagement. Rather, it seems to be a modified transport with a full viewport and low benches against the walls. Ren sinks onto one of the benches with relief, one hand moving to grip his knee. Rey is reminded that he hasn’t yet received medical treatment for his injuries. His pain has become important to her. She is intimately aware of his every move: the strong-fingered clench of his hand on his knee, the weary slant of his shoulders, the deep groan that escapes beneath his mask when he finally leans back against the transport wall. She sits across from him on the opposite bench, not sure what to say or where to look. She can’t pin down why her lungs still feel like they can’t get enough air. “Making friends?” Ren asks her, his voice cutting through the dangerous haze that clouds her thoughts. He inclines his head towards the boarding ramp where Hux and a few of his men are gathered, and she smiles when she realizes that he is not being entirely serious. “Any friend of yours is a friend of mine,” she says sweetly, playing along. Despite the fact that she is a prisoner once more, she feels oddly light with the knowledge that Kanata and the others are safe. “I’ll take that as a ‘no,’” he says simply, but she suspects that he too is smiling beneath his mask. Hux strides up the boarding ramp, flanked by two white-armored soldiers. The ramp closes behind them, and Rey catches one last glimpse of navy sky - of freedom - before the heavy sealing mechanism locks into place. “The last of our ships have cleared the area,” one of the troopers is telling Hux. “Good. Comm the Grand Admiral. Tell him to move in.” The troopers disappear inside the cockpit and Rey can feel the hull of the shuttle shake as the engines flare to life. Despite its clean lines, she suspects that the ship is very old. As it rises steadily, she catches sight of something she had been unable to see from the ground. Lurking to the west of the mountain range, hidden from sight, is a massive ship, angular and vicious. A destroyer, metal and gray against the dark clouds, slowly moving east. It is bigger than the Falcon , bigger than any ship Rey has ever seen. It casts a deep shadow over the mountains. No , Rey thinks suddenly, blankly. No, they won’t…surely not… Rey glances to Ren, the full weight of Hux’s order hitting her, but the knight’s face is hidden by his mask. He stands, and suddenly every line in his body is tense. He seems to be readying himself for a terrible thing. “Hux,” he says, warningly. “You shouldn’t. Takodana is the last stronghold of the east.” “And when it has fallen, Coruscant will be the last stronghold of the east!” Hux says passionately, turning aside to look out of the viewport. “You’ve never been out there in the Wastes,” Ren says through his mask, his voice low. Pleading. “You’ve never had a thousand kilometers of open desert between you and clean water. You don’t know what it’s like beyond the mountains, where there are animals like demons…misshapen, god-forsaken creatures who have inherited the earth. For the Knights of Ren, Takodana tilts the delicate balance between life and death ever so slightly in our favor. Are your political games worth the lives of my men, who are already so few?” Hux has the courtesy to look at Ren when he speaks, his face assuming an expression that Rey thinks is meant to resemble compassion. “I am sorry for your loss. Truly I am, Ren. But you must be careful. You cannot allow your personal feelings to interfere with orders from Leader Snoke.” Rey numbly absorbs the meaning of his words. Hux’s command has already been given and he will not retract it. Ren turns away, disgusted, staring out at the staggering form of the great ship that has halted its slow march over the mountains. It hovers over the temple for just a moment, as if surveying the work to be done. Kanata isn’t in there , Rey reminds herself, stomach rolling. She is safe. Aboyami is safe. Sahar is safe. They escaped. It’s just rock. But a small, worried voice whispers in the back of her mind: Escaped to where? There’s nowhere for them to run. She stares at Ren’s back, at the scorched edges of his helmet, at the broad lines of his shoulders. His dark silhouette is framed by the viewport. Stop this! Stop them! she wants to scream at him, but she knows that it wouldn’t do her any good. If anything, it would make things worse for both of them. Then, without warning, a series of blasts pours out of the destroyer, its canons opening fire on the ground below. The temple bears the brunt of the attack, explosions rocking its outer walls. Kanata’s bronze statue, arms outstretched, is brought down, crashing against one of the towers and sending debris and stone flying into the air. Stunned, Rey stands, helpless to do anything but watch as the temple falls. It goes on for minutes that feel like days, the assault continuing until nothing remains of the castle but a heap of stone. Ren abruptly turns away from the viewport, brushing past Rey. “Where are you going, Ren?” Hux calls out sharply. But the knight doesn’t answer, dragging open the door and disappearing inside the cockpit. There is a tense moment between Hux and Rey. She says nothing. She has nothing to say to him. Hux turns back to the viewport, staring out over the burning temple. A few minutes pass. Ren does not emerge from the cockpit, and she can tell that the Hux is becoming more and more agitated with each passing second. His hands clench and unclench, his mouth arranged into an impatient line. Rey wants to claw out his pale eyes with her nails, the restraints around her wrists a grave reminder that she is not in control here. Finally, the destroyer quiets. Black smoke curls against the sky. *** “Damn,” Finn says under his breath, the blasts from the destroyer still ringing in his ears. “Who pissed in that guy’s rations?” “We should keep moving,” Poe says gravely, picking up his pace. It occurs to Finn that Dameron had just said that he intended to land on the other side of the mountains, where dark smoke is now rising in a thick pillar. It occurs to him the way a wall occurs to a speeder. “Poe!” Finn calls out frantically, struggling to keep up. “You don’t think Rey was down there on the ground during that attack, do you?!” Dameron doesn’t answer him, trudging onward through the wet sand. “Dameron!” Finn yells, his voice strangled and desperate. Poe stops and turns to him. Through the tinted visor of the Rapier Squadron helmet, Finn can just barely make out the distress in Dameron’s dark eyes. “Just keep moving, alright?” Dameron says heavily. *** Lysander Demetrius sits directly opposite the Grand Admiral’s chair. The officers are gathered in the Throne Room, speaking amongst themselves in hushed tones as they wait for the Supreme Leader’s arrival. The throne itself sits empty: a crude chair cut from the same coarse rock as the floor and ceiling. A soft, white light pours down from a high window over the grand steps at the northernmost end of the hall. A single beam illuminates the raised dais on which the vacant throne rests. Only Thrawn and Demetrius are silent, seated in the two chairs closest to the throne on the right and left. Unlike the young generals seated further down in the hall, most of whom look like schoolboys in military uniforms, Thrawn is striking, cunning, and still in the prime of his life. His forty-seven years are just beginning to touch his black skin. Though age has tempered him in some ways, his striking blue eyes still blaze with ruthlessness. Thrawn is just old enough to have been trained in the Imperial ways, and while it is no longer forbidden under the First Order, he knows better than to speak uninvited in the Throne Room. Lysander himself is a relic of the Imperial era and the old traditions are still written severely in the smallest details of his stance and dress. His grey cloak is shorter than Thrawn’s, a three-quarter length plain of fabric that covers his thin shoulders, more in keeping with the style of Imperial court than a First Order warship. His hair is silver-white, kept short and even, and his face is noble and serious, the lines of many years of service etched into his forehead and the corners of his eyes and mouth. Though Demetrius is nearly three decades more experienced than Thrawn, the Grand Admiral still outranks him, timing and youth weighing in his favor. Thrawn’s rise to power came at a delicate moment; he was too young to have served under the Emperor, but too old to have fully adapted to the First Order’s rigid militarism. And while Thrawn might be a barbarian by blood and the only tribesman to have ascended to the rank of admiral, even to Demetrius’s trained eye he could easily pass for a member of the High Imperial Court. It was Demetrius who had discovered Thrawn when he was nothing more than a dirty, scavenging tribal boy, his silver-blue eyes the only evidence that he was the bastard son of an Imperial warlord. As a child Thrawn had starved in Skelters like the rest of the tribespeople, but even then he had possessed a cunning intelligence and ambition that set him apart. Those were the same qualities Demetrius favored in his own men. Lysander had predicted that Thrawn would rise quickly amongst the remnant of the imperial army, but had not anticipated Thrawn’s defection to Snoke’s forces or the merciless march he would make through the ranks of the then-fledgling First Order. Demetrius has spent many years convincing himself that he could not have known, when he had handed over his only child in marriage to the rising young officer, that Chara would be sacrificed on the altar of her husband’s ambition. But he is old now, and his daughter is gone. Regret is a burden he cannot afford to carry. Thrawn folds his delicate, long-fingered hands impatiently, his cerulean eyes flickering down the line of commanders. The doors to the Throne Room creak, then open. All speech stops, a hush of anticipation falling over the men. But it is only Armitage Hux. The red-haired general walks down the center of the two lines of high-backed chairs on either edge of the hall, passing the young officers with whom he had graduated only a few years ago. He takes his place on the right-hand side of the throne - the same side as Thrawn - near the center of the hall. A high place for one so young, even considering his family connections. The officer next to him leans over and says something in Hux’s ear. The young general shakes his head and murmurs something quietly in reply. Whatever he has said sends a hum of whispers running through the hall, the words growing more and more distorted as they travel down the line of officers. Lysander despises court politics. Thrawn catches his eye and despite their troubled history the two men share a brief, silent moment of frustration. These foolish children , Demetrius thinks. Like old women gossiping- “-sure he said Demetrius?” “That’s what I heard.” Lysander is jolted out of his thoughts, certain that his name had been spoken several men down the line. But his hearing is not that of a young man and he only catches brief snatches of their conversation, nothing more than a few words at a time. Then, across the hall, he sees the man on Thrawn’s right lean inconspicuously over to murmur something in the Grand Admiral’s ear. Demetrius’s eyes widen. It must be news indeed if Pellaeon, one of the most respected captains, thinks it is worth repeating. But Thrawn does not respond. He simply nods quietly and closes his unusually bright eyes, as though Pellaeon has confirmed something he already suspects. Thrawn has always been two moves ahead of the rest of them. The Red Guard emerges from the shadows of the dais, and silence falls like a curtain immediately. Six of Snoke’s personal guards, scarlet-robed and androgynous, stand tall and imposing in a semi-circle around the throne. The doors open and this time it is the Supreme Leader, venerable and shrouded in a fine, dark fabric. He walks like a man injured, slowly and painfully, and Lysander cannot imagine what agony it must be for him to breathe, to walk, to speak. The earth has made a visage of Snoke’s face - the Supreme Leader is scarred and hideous, with keloids marring his pale head and sunken cheeks - and the radiation has done further untold damage to his decrepit body. Not for the first time, Demetrius wonders what it is that sustains Snoke and keeps him alive, what kind of gravity can tether the soul to the body. The old, wise man is flanked by the two remaining Red Guards. Snoke passes the last of his men and ascends the stone steps with as much grace as his broken form can manage to sit on the throne. All eyes are fixed on the Supreme Leader, save for Thrawn’s, whose chilling gaze is anchored on the southern doors. The Grand Admiral leans forward expectantly, some dark hunger passing over his powerful, sharp features. In that moment, he does not look like a First Order soldier, but like Mitth’raw Nuruodo , the starving creature Demetrius pulled from the Wastes. Framed by the light pouring through the arched doorway are two figures, one small and slight, the other large and cloaked. Lysander immediately recognizes the tall, stark figure of Kylo, Master of the Knights of Ren, with his esoteric robes and crude broadsword strapped across his back. And then he sees her , contrasting light and brightness against the black figure of Ren. All thought of decorum, of integrity, of tradition and honor is set aside. Without thinking, he stands…he stands in the presence of his superiors…and a choked sob threatens to escape his lips. She is wild, lovely, and he knows her features because they are his features, passed down from parent to child to grandchild: a high forehead and dark hair and bright hazel eyes that belong to his house. A ferocious sense of kinship overwhelms him, almost to the point of breaking. He knows that the eyes of every man in the room must also be observing that same likeness, and that those discerning eyes also notice the blatant dissimilarities between the girl and Thrawn. The Grand Admiral is tall and leanly muscled, his skin dark as water, his features sharp and defined, his hands elegant and cruel. This girl is slight and toned, with warm skin that has tanned and freckled with time - just like her mother’s - a delicate nose, and rough, worker’s hands. When he had imagined the girl in his mind, he had naturally pictured a child who resembled his precious, reckless, rebellious daughter. But as the girl draws closer Lysander is struck unexpectedly by the fact that those calloused hands - along with her pretty, feminine lips and her curved, determined chin - do not come from Demetrius blood. He had expected to find a resemblance to Chara, and even had braced himself for the absence of any of Thrawn’s features…but these small parts of his grandchild must have come from her father . A man he has never met. Thrawn is going to kill her…he’s going to tear her apart… A desperate howl rises up inside of Demetrius. He manages to tear his eyes away from the girl long enough to look up at her captor’s face. The King of the Dead stands at the girl’s back, fierce and dark, and when Kylo Ren is close enough to meet Demetrius’s eyes a wordless understanding passes between them. Against regulation, Thrawn rises as well, white-cloaked and merciless. Lysander sees the girl recoil against Ren, sees something possessive blaze across the knight’s face. Before Thrawn can speak, before he can even touch her, Ren has drawn his sword and set it against the Grand Admiral’s throat. *** “Put that sword away, boy,” the Jedi Killer says quietly, but cold blood is pumping in Kylo Ren’s veins. There is something satisfying in having the sharp edge of his sword set against the Grand Admiral’s neck. He imagines those clean, white robes stained scarlet-black with dried blood, and buries that thought deep inside of himself. “Step aside, Grand Admiral,” Kylo hears himself say calmly. Rey’s back is pressed against his chest, and he knows that she recognizes Thrawn from their shared vision at Takodana. He has already warned her to be silent in the presence of the Supreme Leader, to keep the old customs, and she heeds that warning. But there is an accusation in her eyes when she looks at the Grand Admiral that speaks louder than words, a challenge that Thrawn cannot back down from. Ren can see it in his eyes: the Jedi Killer wants to watch her burn, he wants to watch the flesh peel away from her bones… Thrawn takes a step forward, but Kylo Ren does not move his sword away. A hiss escapes the older man’s lips as the edge draws blood and a faint, red line appears on the Grand Admiral’s neck. The blood runs over his dark skin in a thin trail, staining the edge of his white collar. Ren remains staunchly motionless. There is a quiet moment in which no one speaks. Ren waits for the Supreme Leader to issue a command. Snoke leans forward, his unfathomable, ancient eyes surveying the girl. Then he says quietly: “Grand Admiral, let them pass.” Thrawn’s hand trembles, his elegant fingers itching to find their way to Rey’s throat, but then he composes himself. “Yes, Supreme Leader,” he replies, his voice deep with deference. “Kylo,” Snoke murmurs, and Ren presses a hand against Rey’s back, feeling the trembling of her breath under her ribcage. They take the steps together, and only when they reach the level dais does Ren sheath his sword. “The Grand Admiral and General Hux have given me their full reports,” Snoke informs him, ignoring the girl, as if Rey is merely a symptom of a deeper illness which has its source in Kylo. “They claim that you failed to retrieve the sky-walker commander who killed Phobetor Ren. You instead returned with the child of a sworn enemy of the Order, whom you allowed to escape. You then pursued her into the Wastes at great risk to your own life. You purchased a banned substance from an underground network of Resistance sympathizers in order to correct this mistake, and then opposed General Hux and his commanding officer when they acted on my orders to disband that network.” Snoke speaks quietly, but every word falls like a heavy blow. “And most disturbing of all, Hux claims that he witnessed you offer to arm a prisoner of war with advanced weaponry. Do you deny any of this?” “No, Supreme Leader,” Kylo replies. “Explain yourself,” the Supreme Leader commands. “I cannot.” Snoke surveys his face, searching for evidence of guilt or innocence there. “You offer no defense for your actions?” “I do not. It was a mistake to bring the girl here. She knows nothing about the droid. She is innocent in all of this.” “What would you have me do?” Snoke asks him, weighing the truth of his words. Kylo takes a deep breath. His next words could save Rey; poorly chosen, they might end her life. “Put her on a ship. Send her back to the Eleusis . Put an end to this destructive conflict.” Snoke turns his ancient eyes past Ren to Thrawn. Kylo realizes that there was nothing he could have said that would have compelled the Supreme Leader to allow her to live. Snoke has not even asked Rey any questions. When Kylo had told him of the girl who walked in his dreams, Snoke had seemed expectant and eager, but now Ren senses fear in him. The girl is innately powerful, more powerful than Snoke could have anticipated, and the Supreme Leader is looking to Thrawn for any excuse to kill her. “Thrawn,” Snoke says simply. “The sky-walkers have already sent another ship to the ground,” Thrawn reports. “How long will it be before their fleet follows, before their armies are knocking at our door? If they come, we will have to fight a war on two fronts: against the sky-walkers for the right to live, and against the Resistance for the right to govern. It is unlikely that either force will side with us willingly, and if they form an alliance the First Order will not have the strength to fight a war on two fronts.” “And how would you advise me, Grand Admiral?” “Ren speaks with a wisdom that rivals many of your best officers,” Thrawn admits. “But the girl cannot be allowed to return home and report to her people all that she has seen. There will undoubtedly be war with the sky-walkers; their time is running short, and if they seek to join us on the ground we will be forced into a conflict to protect what is rightfully ours. If she could be persuaded to join us and make peace with the sky-walkers on the condition that no one else is sent to earth, we could put an end to this war before it begins. But she is the daughter of a traitor and her word cannot be trusted. She will undoubtedly betray us to her people, and I see only one path that remains-“ “Leader Snoke,” Lysander Demetrius says quietly. This interruption sends a chill through the air. But Snoke looks curiously at the old man. “Speak, Demetrius,” he commands. “Thrawn is asking you to punish a child for the crimes of her mother. The First Order calls for peace, for security, for order, for justice…What sort of perverse justice is this?” Demetrius asks. “The girl is not a sky-walker. She belongs to the earth and Kylo Ren returned her to us. To me. I will speak for her.” “It is not enough,” Snoke says with finality. He motions for Thrawn to ascend the steps. “Do as you will with her, Grand Admiral.” “She is strong with the Force!” Kylo gasps frantically, grasping for anything that might persuade Snoke not to hand the girl over to Thrawn. “Untrained, but stronger than she knows! She could be the key to our survival.” “She is strong,” says Thrawn, drawing closer like an animal stalking his prey, his white cloak spread out over the steps. “Which makes her a very great threat.” “Wait!” rasps Demetrius. Thrawn reaches for Rey, tearing her away from Ren. She struggles, but Thrawn is larger and fiercer than her and her hands are still bound behind her back, making her resistance futile. She is still silent, but her mind cries out to him. Her physical absence feels to him like a gaping wound and, without thinking, Ren draws his sword again. It dawns on him that he is going to kill the Grand Admiral for this girl, right here on the steps of the Throne Room. “Wait!” Demetrius calls out again, clear voice ringing out over the chaos. “I demand…I demand a blood rite!” A deathly silence falls over the hall. Thrawn throws the girl to the ground, turning with murderous eyes on Demetrius. The officers stare at the old man as though he has lost his mind, but Kylo feels a sudden surge of respect for him. Of all the things he could have said, of all the old traditions to invoke, Demetrius has chosen one that neither Snoke nor Thrawn can oppose. Notes: It's not abandoned, it just took an eternity to write this chapter! p.s. I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry! beta'd by smols-darklighter, who once again did an amazing job turning my first draft into something readable. Chapter 7 : Aidoneus Summary: The Knights of Ren make a stunning discovery in the Wastes. Rey must decide whether or not to accept the blood rite. Onboard the Eleusis, Leia attempts to contact the ground. Finn and Poe learn that humans are not the only survivors on the ground. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Thanatos Ren treads through the remains of Takodona, kicking out at a burning piece of wood that blocks his path. The knight swears under his breath. Five hundred miles he’s crossed today, only to find that food and warmth and shelter are not where he’d hoped to find them. No two stones in the temple have been left together. Hecate Ren surveys him, leaning back against her swoop, the sleek lines of her mask so different from his own twisted, skull-shaped helmet. He doesn’t need to see her face to know that she is as disappointed as he is by this unexpected turn of events. Thanatos has known her since they were children together, when she was nothing more than a pale skinny child who could run faster than he could. Her features are now as familiar to him as his own, her mask disguising her white-gold hair and watchful, stone-grey eyes. He imagines her delicate features grimacing as she surveys the burning piles of broken rock and wood around them. She is as beautiful as Thanatos is ugly and, as a fellow Knight of Ren, she is entirely inaccessible to him, but neither fact has ever stopped him from appreciating her. Or any other woman for that matter. Among the many things he had hoped to find at Kanata’s temple, a willing bedmate would not have been unwelcome. The priestesses tend to be kinder to him than any of the high-born girls back in Coruscant. The tribeswomen have an uncanny ability to see through appearances. Men to them are more than just flesh and bone. “Thrawn’s work,” Hecate muses, tilting her head slightly. Crimson sunlight glints off of her smooth, dark mask. “Fuck him,” spits Thanatos. “And Hux, too. That slimy bastard had his hands in this, mark my words.” Hecate shrugs impartially, crossing her long, slender legs, one over the other. A dagger flashes between her fingers, dancing dangerously through them. “You’re just angry you won’t find something here that you can stick your cock into tonight.” “Unless you’re offering, be silent,” Thanatos says, bristling at her crudeness. Coarse language is usually his domain, and it seems strange to hear her form lewd words with her pretty, aristocratic lips. She belongs in a dress, in jewels, in anything other than a knight’s thick leather and dark robes. She should be someone’s wife by now. Instead, she is out here in the Wastes with him. He allows his gaze to travel over her form. Though there’s not much to see beneath her robes other than the vague shape of woman , he knows that she can feel his eyes on her through the Force. He allows his stare to linger at the curve of her hips, which the robes cannot quite conceal from him. Come on , he urges silently. See me looking at you the way I look at them. Be angry with me for it. “We should go,” she says sharply, turning away from him harshly to fumble with something on her swoop. Her anger amuses him, feeds him somehow. He laughs. As though he would ever seriously think that she would offer herself to him as a substitute for the temple girls. “We should search the debris first.” “Why?” “For bodies,” he says bluntly. “No use making a second trip.” They work quickly, moving through the rubble with silent efficiency. They don’t have to move much of the rock to determine that their search is in vain; death always hovers over the fallen, as if marking the absence of their souls. Thanatos feels a strange lack of that cold emptiness here. Hundreds of travelers could be found in Takodana at any given time: traders and scavengers, smugglers and thieves. And yet…nothing. There is no stench of death hovering on the air. No blood calls out to them from the ground. “Over here!” Hecate yells. Thanatos joins her, near the place where the westernmost wall of the temple would have stood had it not been blown apart. The floor here has been scorched, ripped up as if a giant’s hands have clawed at it. Hecate is standing on a circular durasteel covering – at least ten meters in diameter – which has survived the assault. On its surface is the outline of a tree, wrought into the steel long ago with fire. Thanatos reaches out with the Force, feeling those weak, obscure tendrils moving through him, and he senses Hecate do the same. Together, they lift the stone covering and move it aside, the scrape of durasteel against rock grating in his ears. Under the stone is a gaping black hole that leads into nothingness. “An escape hatch!” Hecate says triumphantly, kicking the solid steel with the bottom of her boot. “Lower me down.” “Not sure that’s a good idea,” he mutters. “I won’t go far,” she promises. He considers the darkness, but senses no real danger. “Be quick,” he says finally. She sits on the edge of the hole and holds her arms out to him. His grip is like iron as he lowers her carefully into the blackness. When he hears the tips of her boots scraping on something hard, he lets her fall the few remaining inches. “Be right back!” she calls out, voice echoing in the enclosed space. “Wait…Hecate, wait! God damn you!” Thanatos stands at the edge of the hole, waiting for what feels like an eternity. He has a sudden vision of Hecate getting ambushed by Resistance fighters, dragged into their underground tunnels, off into the mountains. His hand tightens around the hilt of the sword at his side, fear curling in his gut. Kylo will end him if Hecate is hurt on his watch. Their master has a soft spot for the little Force-witch. And after what happened to Phobetor… “Thanatos!” He exhales a heavy breath that has been lodged under his breastbone. He wants to rage at her for heading off on her own without a warning, but to do so would be to admit that he had worried for her. “Pull me up!” Hecate yells. With some struggle, he manages to get her out. When she’s safely back above ground he sits there for a moment, panting from the exertion and from relief. “Goes on forever,” she tells him after they’ve both caught their breath. “Branches off in different directions. Some towards the mountains, some north…it looks like some even go back to Coruscant.” “So they could be anywhere by now.” “Pretty much, yeah,” Hecate replies. “All right. Let’s seal it up and get moving.” They move the stone back over the entrance to the tunnel and head back to Hecate’s swoop. They had taken the trip together to save on fuel and to prevent wear on the machines. When Hecate straddles the swoop’s frame gracefully, Thanatos suddenly regrets his earlier lewdness. They’ll have to ride the rest of the way back pressed together. As he takes his place behind her, he does everything he can to keep his hands and body at a respectful distance. Of course, once the engine roars to life, she is the only thing he has to hold onto. And this is why you don’t flirt with the Knights , Thanatos reminds himself as she guides the swoop away from the debris and back into open desert. Her hips curve into his deliciously, and he shuts his eyes. Then again, the other Knights don’t have much worth flirting with. “Thanatos,” he hears her say softly inside his helmet. “What?” he says through gritted teeth. Her voice is breathless, his name falling from her lips like a prayer. “Are you seeing this?” He opens his eyes, and blinks rapidly, sure that the helmet is playing tricks on him. Something must be off with the sensors. The colors are all wrong. There is still the white sand of the desert, but in the cracks of the badlands there is another color, a color he has never seen before. Hecate kills the engine. He can feel her breathing, shaking, and he leans back to put distance between them. “I’m going to…” he says quietly, his voice hoarse. “I’m going to take off my helmet, okay? Just for a second.” He removes the helmet, and the colors are even more stunning seen with his own eyes, cleaner somehow, no longer diluted by the visor. He doesn’t want to step on the ground, doesn’t want to ruin whatever miracle has turned the desert this stunning, vibrant color, and yet he needs to get closer. He steps down as lightly as he can, walking like a ghost over the ground. He bends down towards one of the closest cracks in the earth. From inside the split, a hundred small shoots grow up from the earth, each as slender as a piece of thread. Budding from the tips are the tiniest of flowers, spreading their little petals out towards the dim sunlight, trying to catch the few distant rays that make their way down through the dark atmosphere. His hand shakes as he plucks one of the delicate, purple flowers, the action feeling like a violation, like murder, even though there must be a hundred thousand of them. He cradles it in his hand, bringing it close to his face. The violet petals are tinged with blue at the tips, the intensity of the color so pure, so defined, that he wonders if he has stumbled into a dream. He has never seen this shade in his waking hours. He holds the flower out to Hecate, not caring that he is unmasked and hideous, the scars on his face and neck deep and terrible, the flesh of his face stretched tight over his cheekbones between those hideous gouges. He cannot care about his vanity, because all around them, stretching in a thin, jagged line through the Wastes, is a path made up entirely of the little desert flowers, which have not bloomed in this air for a thousand years. “He found her,” Hecate whispers in disbelief. “By the stars, he actually found her.” *** “You demand ?” Snoke repeats, his voice rasping and cold above her. Rey can feel hard stone beneath her hands and feet, her skin and eyes stinging from where the Jedi Killer has thrown her to the ground. There are a hundred pairs of eyes trained on her, ready to watch as these men decide what is to become of her while she keeps her lips sealed together. Do not speak unless invited. Ren’s words are stern in her mind. The knight is standing over her on the dais, his sword held threateningly in one hand, ready to strike. She has trusted him this far, and his dark eyes plead with her to trust him just a little longer. She could trust him right into her grave. “What authority do you have to command me?” the Supreme Leader shouts into the hall, his hoarse voice echoing off of the walls like thunder. The violence in Snoke’s voice seems to bring Demetrius back to himself. The grey-cloaked officer approaches the throne, stopping just before he reaches the steps leading up to the raised dais. He kneels as if before an altar. Every eye is on him, transfixed by this submissive display. The lines on Demetrius’s face are twisted, tormented, and something tight uncoils inside Rey. He is pleading for her , she realizes. He is begging for her life. “My granddaughter,” he whispers, his voice anguished. “My only heir. The last of my name.” Snoke turns his eyes away from Demetrius’s kneeling form. They fall on the Jedi Killer. Thrawn seems to be overcome by some troubling thought, some unseen memory, his cerulean gaze no longer looking at Rey but through her. She wonders who he sees in her place, or if he sees nothing at all. She wants to tell him that there has been a terrible mistake, that she is not the daughter of a traitor. She is not anyone’s daughter. She is the child of the Eleusis , a sky-walker, an orphan! Her parents were the mess hall officers who fed her three times a day, the teachers at the children’s academy who showed her how to read and write, the lab technicians who taught her how to look at plant cells under a microscope, the nurses who took care of her when she got sick. Her brother is Finn, who slipped her extra rations under the table and hugged her when she was sad. Her sister is Jess, who looked out for her and did her hair into three little buns on the back of her head and giggled with her in the stairwells. But in her heart she knows the truth. There has been no mistake. The old man’s words are true: she is his blood. She can see it in Demetrius’s eyes, so much like her own, but more importantly she can feel it. She has been waiting, all this time, for her family. And now she has been returned to them, to her rightful home. Chara Demetrius , the Jedi Killer had said in her vision. The traitor, and the whore. She looks up at Thrawn, at the pristine white cloak that was stained black at the hem in her vision – black with the ashes of all the people he had burned before her mother. Rey claims that dead woman as her mother, she claims her name and her blood, and with the acceptance of that lineage a searing vengeance pours into her. Rey wants the Jedi Killer dead, she wants Ren’s sword in his throat, she wants him to suffer as he made her mother suffer. Do not speak unless invited. “Honor it,” Thrawn tells the Supreme leader finally, his voice distant and harsh. “If Demetrius can find someone that will have her, then you must honor it.” It is an acquiescence, and yet Rey senses that there is a hidden condition to his agreement. Whatever this blood rite is, it stands on the precarious edge that has thwarted so many plans: If. Demetrius rises from his knees, holding a shaking hand out to her. Ren helps her to her feet, the blade of his sword still gleaming in the light that pours over the dais. The knight looks troubled, his dark brows drawn together, and as he delivers her to the old, grey-cloaked officer the two men share a concerned look that sends fear churning into Rey’s gut. What the hell is going on? Demetrius turns to the two parallel lines of men that mirror each other. There are hard faces among them, and Rey senses that she will receive little compassion from these soldiers. “Aurelius,” Demetrius says desperately to one of the men near him. The man spreads his hands helplessly. “If only I could help you, Demetrius. You and I have served long together and your house is greatly respected. But I have no sons remaining to me…” Rey imagines young men fighting and dying in some sort of ancient ritual, and shudders. Fear churns in her stomach. Blood rite. Gods only know what kind of horrors a tradition with that name might bring. Is it a battle? A trial by combat? “Commander Caerus,” Demetrius says, walking further down the line of uniformed men. “Lysander, you know that I cannot,” this officer replies, and he seems saddened by the strange turn of events. “Ephraim is well-matched, at three thousand credits.” Demetrius maintains his composure, nodding his understanding to the commander, but Rey feels as though a knife has been plunged into her ribcage. Is she being bartered among these men? Her tongue feels heavy in her mouth. Silence, silence, silence. Do not speak unless invited. The thoughts are her own, but they have Ren’s deep voice. “Hux,” Demetrius rasps out, and Rey flinches at the name. But he is not speaking to the same Hux that ordered the destruction of Takodana and returned Rey to Coruscant. This man is much older, silver flecking his red hair at the temples. He looks uncomfortable at having been singled out. “I cannot decide for my son, Demetrius.” Demetrius turns his eyes further down the hall, and this time they land on the younger Hux. “I’ll not have her,” Hux says without emotion. Unlike his father, he does not have the grace to look apologetic. “No one will, Demetrius. Every man here respects you, but they will not speak plainly. I will. The girl cannot be anything other than a burden, a tarnish on the name of a worthy house. No man here will take her.” Shame floods through Rey. Burden. Is that what she is? Has she finally found her family, only to be a weight around this old man’s neck, dragging him down? Demetrius turns away from the commanders, back to where she is standing on the dais. His face is weary and sad, but he is not looking at her as though she is a burden. He is looking at her as though she is the most valuable thing on earth, as though he fears to lose her as one fears to lose their most precious possession. Demetrius looks past her, and suddenly there is a soft, gentle smile on his lips. “Kylo. Kylo Ren.” Rey turns to the knight, but Ren’s eyes are as dark as the ocean. He stands straight-backed and silent, as if stunned by Demetrius’s words. His lips part, and she can see the catch of his breath in his chest beneath his dark robes. Behind him, Snoke’s white hand moves, jerking strangely, beckoning Ren to him. It is as though dark strings are tied around those fingers, the threads sewn into Ren’s skin and coiled tightly around each of his ribs. The master lifts his fingers and Ren moves forward. Snoke leans down to speak into Ren’s ear, an intimate gesture that turns Rey’s stomach when she sees his pale hand move to the knight’s shoulder. “You cannot give her to Ren!” Hux exclaims incredulously, watching this display, unnerved that Snoke has not denied Demetrius outright. “Is Ren to be rewarded for his actions, which have threatened the safety and sovereignty of the First Order?” “You have just branded her a punishment,” Lysander replies quietly, but his gaze is still fixed on the exchange between Ren and the Supreme Leader. His smile has disappeared. “Which is she, Hux?” “She cannot be given to Ren,” Thrawn echoes Hux’s words. “Because Ren has no name to give to her. He is the sworn Master of the Knights of Ren.” “Do not speak of things you know nothing about, Jedi Killer,” Ren says, withdrawing from Snoke. “The ways of the Force are not your ways.” The knight’s words are spoken with such composed authority that it makes Rey tremble. There is something hard in his gaze, a determination that she has never seen in the eyes of any man. “I am Kylo Aidoneus. The Unseen One. King of the Dead and Receiver of Many. I am the blood of Naberrie, of Amidala, of Starkiller himself.” Ren is standing before her, and she realizes that he is no longer speaking to Thrawn or to Snoke, but to her. Her heart pounds inside her chest; her breath is trapped in her lungs. It is as though he has opened up the ground beneath her again, this time to drag her down beneath the stone and the earth. “I am the Child Who Fell From the Stars. I am called by many names, and all of these names belong to you,” he promises, and suddenly pale gold flashes before Rey’s eyes. A field of wheat, rolling in the wind. A man in black, harvesting the shafts with a long blade… All these things I will give to you. She gasps, understanding now what her grandfather has done, what tradition he has invoked. She is to cast off her old self, her family, her blood…everything she is. The rite is not about ownership or control or anything she has imagined it to be. It is a sacrifice. It is her blood spilling out over the ground, and new blood flowing into her veins. His blood. Ren’s dark eyes flicker. Across their bond, she senses a splinter in his mind – a sliver of vulnerability that slips under his skin and begs to be cut out. His next words come soft and half-whispered, a plea for her to understand that she still has a choice in all of this. “If you will have them.” Kylo Ren is offering to make her his wife, offering to give to her everything that he is. For the first time since entering the Throne Room, Rey finds that she has been invited to speak. Her voice shakes when she answers him. “I will have them.” *** The Ether glows faintly with golden light. The whir and hum of the machinery can only be heard in this very room, at the center of the Eleusis . The heart of the ship. Chancellor Organa sits silently, eyes red and hair unbound, staring into the last thread that connects the Eleusis to earth. The Ether has been quiet for over five hundred years, long before her time, the gentle thrum of its inner workings the only evidence that it still functions. Its twin is somewhere on earth - perhaps still humming with light and life, but more likely burned out and silent. A dead machine, a relic of times past. It might have been stripped for its valuable parts by the earth-bound long ago, its wires repurposed and its components melted down. It hardly matters. Leia has never needed the Ether to communicate between this world and the world below. Mother of our King…Rhea, born of the earth…Leia Naberrie Amidala…Come home to us, come and see… The voices are loud in her mind tonight, tormenting her with old promises and hurts. She is mother of nothing; her son lies cold under the accursed earth below. Her husband has followed him. The creatures of the darkness have claimed them for their own. Their voices taunt her, speaking to her through the Force. Daughter of the Widow…We knew Kore would come back to us! She has made us so happy…if only you would come home to us, too… Organa brushes them aside, seeking out the presence of her brother like the Ether calls to its other half. It is a strange siblinghood that they share. They have been separated for so long, since childhood. The only true memories she has of Luke Starkiller are those of a sandy-haired, blue-eyed boy. That is still how she thinks of him, though she has felt him in her mind many times since then and knows he bears all the same marks of time that she does. In the early years he had appeared to her as a blond, reckless youth with a hopeful glint in his eye. Starkiller had grown into a dark-robed man, serious and troubled. For a short time, she had sensed peace within him, but now he is distant to her, grey-cloaked, with silver in his hair and beard. A cold emptiness has taken root in his heart, and he has not spoken to her in many, many years. Praxidike has returned to us…our fierce Kore…why did Chara send her away? But Aidoneus has brought her home…and the Force is with him…Enaka nik me lohem! Ananke eka Enaka! Leia shuts her eyes tightly. If there was ever a time she needed her brother, it is now. But he is unreachable, hidden from her. Instead of his warm, comforting voice, she hears only the Keres, their shrill exaltations and epithets ringing inside her chest. It has been many years since she has spoken the old tongue and she remembers little of it. But there is only one that the Keres could be referring to, only one other child of the earth that was brought to the Eleusis for safekeeping. Rey. *** Finn and Dameron make camp at the base of the mountain. Or more accurately, after a disastrous incident with their makeshift shelter, Dameron sets up camp and orders Finn to sit on his hands. The starpilot lines up a series of poles on the ground, crossing them this way and that through silver grommets attached to the tensile fabric of the tent. He lifts one, and the entire shelter rises into place. Inside the space is small and cramped, but Finn feels as though he is sleeping in a palace. After the seemingly endless drudge through the desert, he could not have been more grateful for the thin, strong fabric of the domed roof if it had been made of pearls and marble. Dameron seems to feel the same way. Once the filter has run for a few minutes, the general removes his helmet, tilting back his head and cracking his neck. Finn follows suit, sighing when the fresh air hits his sweat-dampened skin. Poe rolls out two compact mats parallel to each other. Finn wonders if it is the military training that allows the starpilot to fall asleep before his head hits the ground, oblivious to hunger and fear and cold. He shakes his head in disbelief at Dameron’s slumbering form. A shiver runs up his spine as he lays down on the cool fabric, wishing he had a thermal blanket. At night, the desert air is cold as ice and wind grates against the side of their shelter, the noise keeping him awake. His stomach is empty and there are no rations left. Finn knows that they will be able to manage at least a few days without food, but worries about what will happen if they don’t find a source of fresh water soon. His throat aches for a sweet, cool drink. Poe’s quiet breathing fills the tent and Finn finally starts to drift off, the black surface of a river rising to the surface of his mind. Helios , the river whispers. Finn sits straight up, heart pounding. Dameron is still fast asleep, head nestled in the crook of his arm, but Finn feels as though he has been doused in cold water. He wars with himself, wondering if he should wake the starpilot. The voice had been so quiet, it might have been the beginning of a dream. Helios…bringer of light… “Dameron,” he whispers, his voice raw. “Dameron, wake up.” Poe jerks awake. “What is it?” he mutters. “Shhh…do you hear that?” A mournful wail creeps up Finn’s spine, forming words: He’s come to take our Praxidike from us…he’s come to take her away…but we must not let him have her! “You’re dreaming. Go back to sleep,” Dameron grumbles. “No, I’m not dreaming, listen!” Helios, who will slay the monster…light-bringer, sun-catcher… A faint sound can be heard outside the tent: a deep, even sound, like the gentle rustling of leaves. Finn feels adrenaline flood his veins, an inexplicable feeling of foreboding passing through him. “Dameron. There’s something out there! Out there in the desert!” “I hear it,” Poe tells him, reaching for his blaster. There is a hard look in his eyes. He puts on his helmet, in case their shelter is compromised, and Finn does the same. Do you hear us, Door-Keeper? You did not heed our warning before…But now we have a new message for you, Messenger! This is the earth, and the old laws prevail here…you will not live to see the morning! The sound of rustling stops. And then starts. Inhale, exhale. Inhale, exhale. Finn’s throat goes dry when he understands that the sound is breathing, the lungs of great beings expanding and contracting around the poisonous air. Finn dimly wonders what kind of creature can live out there in the wild, barren desert where nothing grows or lives. A reptilian cry pierces the air, a wordless shriek that seems to come up from the ground, calling others to it. They answer with a hollow clicking sound, soulless and void. They are not human or animal. They are the darkness. No, little sun-stealer , they hiss together with a single voice, as if they have seen Finn’s mind. We are not the darkness. We are the Darknesses. Something tears into the tent, splitting the fabric as easily as a knife cuts skin. The sky is severed from the earth, a haze of pain searing across Finn’s shoulder and back. He is dragged over the ground, the sand shifting beneath him as he struggles. Below him or above him, Dameron is screaming into the desert, blue bolts ripping through the air. The light from the blaster illuminates in short, violent bursts the creatures that are waiting for them in the night. Their eyes burn white as the hottest flame, set like burning diamonds into either side of their heads. Black, leathery skin ripples over their fierce, sinewy bodies, wings protruding from their backs grotesquely, twice the length of their bodies. Each creature is the size of a ship. White teeth gnash in the moonlight, seeking flesh and blood and vengeance. Argent light gleams over tough skin that shifts and turns, sending silver sparks over scales that fit together like armor. And their faces…their eyes…not human, but sentient and grief-stricken and hateful… You shall not have her! Finn feels wetness on his hand, a numbness seeping into his shoulder where their claws have dug into him. Something heavy is pressing him into the earth, pushing what little air he has left out of his lungs. The world is strangely silent. As he looks into their eyes, he feels as though he understands them. He can see blue flashes of light in the corner of his eye: Dameron’s blaster, firing in vain at the great creatures, the beams of energy glancing off of their hides. Poe might as well have been throwing sticks and rocks. Sadness settles inside of Finn’s chest, and he closes his eyes against a deep sense of loss. He and Poe are going to die here in the desert. He will never find Rey, never bring her home. He will never see the Eleusis again, or become a starpilot, or become anything at all. He will never get old. White light explodes behind his eyelids. The Darknesses cry out sharply, their screams of fury echoing the pain inside of him, and the pressure around his chest lessens. The creature has released him. Finn opens his eyes to searing daylight, bright as a living sun. He feels Dameron’s arms around his chest, dragging him away. The starpilot says something that Finn can’t hear over the sound of the cold wailing, but somehow he finds his feet and they stumble away together. “We’re almost there, Finn! Just a little further!” Dameron is yelling, helping him onward even though those terrible beasts could be right behind them, breathing down their backs. Finn doesn’t know what Poe is talking about; there’s nowhere for them to run. Light is at their backs, and there is only darkness ahead. But trust keeps his feet moving. Their footsteps ring out on something hard. Dameron stops. Finn leans heavily on Poe, fighting to remain conscious. Beneath their feet there is a large disc of dense metal, the symbol of a tree pressed into its surface. Poe lowers him to the ground and begins to heave against the metal, each push gaining him only a few inches. Finn looks back over his shoulder. The creatures thrash together in a helpless mass of bodies, injured and disoriented, their staggering forms outlined by flashes of brilliant light. Between them dart little figures, their silhouettes impossibly small next to the serpentine beasts. Finn realizes suddenly that the light is not constant; instead it comes in short, searing bursts. It cannot be emanating from a sun. His mind struggles to comprehend what his eyes are seeing: the light is coming from the people on the ground. “I got it! Finn, I got it, come on!” The covering has been pushed aside a few feet to reveal the partial opening of a dark hole, the two circles creating an eclipse. Poe helps Finn closer, and then lowers him into the waiting emptiness with a strangled groan of effort. There is a disconcerting rush of air and a quick, short drop before Finn’s boots hit solid ground. The impact sends a jolt through him, pain shooting into his shoulder. He hears Dameron land beside him a moment later. “You all right?” “I think so. Just my shoulder.” As his eyes adjust to the complete blackness, Finn discovers that he and Poe are not alone. A figure dressed all in white stands motionless in the tunnel, its skin tightly wrapped in a strange, coarse fabric. It is taller than both him and Dameron, but lean and androgynous. Not an inch of its skin is revealed. It wears a respirator and a pair of dark, worn goggles, and as it approaches them, Finn notices that there are mirrors sewn into its white gloves and threaded into its clothing. “Evening, sky-walkers,” it says in Basic. Notes: Hi readers! Wow, I actually got this chapter done in a decent amount of time. Beta'd by smols-darklighter, who actually knows how to spell dais and manages to catch it every time I get it wrong. I'm going to be traveling on business for a week, so there might be a slight delay between this chapter and the next. Maybe I'll be able to write on the plane though! :) Chapter 8 : Morpheus Notes: Hi everyone! As those of you who have been following this story might have noticed, there was quite a long wait between this chapter and the last. I was traveling, and also mapping out some future plot points for this story. On that note, I have made a minor change to the previous chapters to account for new developments in the story: the Knight of Ren previously known as "Nikolai" has been renamed "Phobetor" in keeping with the Greek mythological narrative. All other plot points have stayed the same, so hopefully that change won't be too confusing! As I was story planning, I made a few helpful resources for myself, which I would like to share with you. You can find them in the end notes. As always, thanks for reading! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo lays Rey down against a bed of grass. The green shafts roll in the wind and a soft yellow light pours over them, warm and summery. He covers her body with his own, rough fabric chafing against smooth skin, his mouth meeting hers softly. Her lips part and he takes his time tasting her, exploring her. She tastes like earth, like sunlight, like sky. She tastes like peace. Her fingers move through his hair, tugging him down more insistently. He smiles into the kiss at her impatience. Restless, she pulls him against her mouth, her tongue tangling with his and sending heat down his spine. He knows she feels his cock hardening against her stomach when she breaks away to moan softly. Her thighs part and he settles between them, but instead of taking her, he pulls back to let his hands travel over her form. They open against the flare of her hips, tighten against the small curve of her waist, brush against the soft skin of her breasts. His thumb grazes over a sensitive peak and she tilts her hips up in response, gasping and writhing beneath him. When his tongue replaces his hands, her gasps become desperate moans. She grabs a fistful of his hair, forcing him away. For a moment, the loss of touch knocks the breath from his lungs, before her hands reach beneath his robes, fingers searching under the rough, dark material to find his hardening shaft. She releases it, taking his length in her small hand, dragging her fingers over him in long, even strokes. Her hands are calloused from many years of work, but the complexity written into the skin of her palm only heightens his pleasure - it’s his turn to groan against her, to whisper promises against her sweet mouth as she touches him. He takes her hand and moves it away, pressing it down into the green grass beneath them, lacing his fingers into hers. Her dark hair falls around her shoulders. He touches her between her thighs, marveling at the warmth between them, and closes his eyes against a strong surge of emotion. Her hand brushes against his forehead, smoothing the lines away, urging him to look at her. He obeys…burning skies, he obeys her. The sky above them darkens. Summer blue turns to ink, red curling across the hellish canopy above them. His frame casts her in shadow, in darkness, her lovely eyes shining like lanterns against the vengeful night. The grass becomes burnt, bleached, cracked. Her nails bite into his shoulders, tiny half-moons digging into his skin even through his robes. “Husband,” she whispers, beckoning him closer. “Ben-” *** Morpheus knocks on his master’s door. “Enter,” comes the simple response. The old knight takes a deep breath before pushing open the door to Kylo Ren’s outer quarters. The dark, sweet scents of amber and burning cedarwood greet him, the familiar incense stirring old memories. When Kylo was first brought to Coruscant, the young knight had been plagued by vicious nightmares. Chosen against his will, Ren had been little more than a boy-king then: powerful and obsessive, resentful and volatile. Kylo’s nightmares were not the violent distortions of reality that Morpheus was usually called upon to assuage, but pure, unaltered memories of trauma that would have driven even grown men to madness. How many nights had Morpheus kept watch over this very room, teaching Phobetor how to turn Kylo’s nightmares into harmless sleep? Pain lances through him at the memory of his son as a youth, so very eager to be a knight. If he had known then how short his son’s life would be…if he had known that he would outlive his own child… Morpheus shakes off his grief like sand from a robe. He has the future to think of, a future that depends on the young man before him now. A surge of pride floods through him as he looks at his master, so different now from the boy he was. Kylo stands straight-backed and composed at the midpoint of a wide holotable that dominates the center of the room. Its surface is a map, lines of blue and red shifting and reforming before their eyes. Morpheus sees Coruscant’s winding streets, the dry remains of the river Acheron, and the high unnamed mountain ranges in the west. Beyond those jagged peaks are scattered tribal settlements, their makeshift shelters marked by small groups of little white lights. Niima outpost glitters brightly, far north of any other settlement. As he looks over the map, Morpheus recalls something Phobetor had once confided to him, secluded in the wild Wastes where no one could hear them but the stars and the darkness. All of this should be Kylo’s by right. It was a terrible thought, a traitorous thought, a thought his son never should have given voice to. The Knight of Dreams silences that blasphemy, burying it deep down where no one - not even his master - will be able to uncover it. Though he had once been a frequent visitor here, Morpheus has not been to this room for many years. He is struck by how little has changed. The holographic table still only has two chairs, each of equal height, which face each other across the table. The first is shaped from black wood, carved with a rising sun. The tall shapes of twisting trees stretch their blackened branches towards the ceiling, forming the ornate back of the chair. Smaller forms of long-extinct birds and animals dart between their slender trunks. The second chair is ivory, with a bone moon fashioned into its smooth surface. Beneath the full moon lies the cascading underground waterfall of the river Lethe, its depths whispering with the promise of oblivion. Asphodel flowers adorn its banks. As his eyes roam over the beautiful intricacies of the room, Morpheus is reminded sharply that this place was originally built for two, the symmetry of the architecture making it obvious that Kylo Ren’s solitude is by choice rather than by design. The King of the Dead was never meant to live here alone. There are two doors leading to the inner rooms, two low divans resting opposite each other on the smooth stone floor. At the westernmost end of the hall is a white marble stand, a basin filled with water resting on the bright pillar. Its black counterpart to the east is a tall hexagonal column, hollowed in the center, filled with charred ashes. Everything in the room has its shadow and every shadow the flame that cast it. Kylo leans over the holotable, his dark eyes scanning the map. His gloved fingers drag over the holo and it changes again, this time displaying the black ocean beyond the farthest reaches of the Wastes. Finally, Morpheus sees the focus of his master’s gaze. A small silver dot flickers where the desert meets the sea. An Eleusian coffin. Kylo raises his eyes to Morpheus’s. “What is it, Morpheus?” “Snoke requests your presence.” “I’ll speak to him when he releases the girl.” Morpheus frowns. Kylo’s iron will has caused problems for the knights in the past, but never before has it been tested against the command of the Supreme Leader. Until now, Ren has never been given a reason to disobey Snoke’s orders. “He received your message,” Morpheus says, allowing a faint hint of disapproval to leak into his words. The message from Kylo Ren to the Supreme Leader had been wordless and clear. The fires at the Nekromanteion have not burned for six days and seven nights. Ren will not even light them to burn Phobetor, his brother by a covenant stronger than blood. With every passing hour, the whispers about the captive sky-walker girl grow louder. Morpheus takes a deep breath, striving to disguise his own grief. “There are many men waiting for their last rites. You deny them the respect we owe to them.” Kylo looks at him wearily. “How many are there?” “They number twenty-seven, not including the eighteen Eleusian coffins that have been sent to earth since your return and have yet to be recovered,” Morpheus informs him. He hesitates before adding, “One of our number is a child, my lord. The people are growing…restless.” “You’re angry with me, Morpheus.” “No. I am grieving. My son’s body lies unburned and…” Morpheus stops, wondering if he has overstepped his bounds. “And I seek to take a wife,” Kylo finishes for him. “It must seem a great injustice.” He swipes his hand over the surface of the holotable, clearing it. In the absence of the bright map, the table returns to black stone. Kylo turns, falling heavily into the high-backed chair on the side of the room that belongs to him. His dark eyes light upon the white, vacant chair across the table. Morpheus wonders how many times over the last decade his master has paced this room alone, his hands ghosting over the empty places that belong to her . “I know that it is not that simple for you,” Morpheus replies. “Hecate and Thanatos told us what they found in the Wastes.” A miracle , Morpheus thinks, wishing that Phobetor had lived to see the delicate desert flowers and the promise of new life. The girl is a miracle. Kylo crosses his fingers, pressing his knuckles to his temple. For the first time, Morpheus sees how troubled he is. Deep lines furrow into his brows and grey shadows have formed under his eyes. “Are you well, my king?” he inquires. “I’ve not been sleeping,” Kylo admits. He unlaces his fingers to brush his hand through the air dismissively, as though his lack of sleep is secondary to their current predicament. Lines of concern appear on Morpheus’s brow, adding to the many that old age has put there already. He has presided over his master’s dreams many times over the years, weaving nightmares into blank expanses of dreamscape. It is strange that he has not sensed any disturbance in Kylo’s sleep. “If you would like me to intercede-“ “No!” Kylo protests hastily, the panicked word slipping between his lips. And then the King of the Dead does something that Morpheus has not seen him do in over ten years. He blushes. The color rises in his cheeks and his dark eyes drop to the floor. “No,” he says, quietly this time. “Thank you, Morpheus.” For the first time in days, Morpheus fights to contain a smile. His master’s embarrassment is unfounded. Any dream that causes Kylo Ren to blush is bound to be tame in comparison to the unconscious filth that plays out in other men’s minds as they sleep. Burning skies, Morpheus has been forced to witness Thanatos’s dreams, which are woven from the most impure threads imaginable. “Very well,” Morpheus replies evenly. “There is still the matter of the girl.” “Snoke will not release her to me until the blood rite is consummated.” Agony flickers across Kylo’s face and the Knight of Dreams senses a deep uneasiness within him. For the first time, Morpheus understands the magnitude of what has been asked of Ren. If the sky-walker girl does not come to him willingly, Kylo will have to rape his name onto her to protect her, corrupting the very nature of the blood rite. Demetrius has promised him a queen that may despise him for the rest of her life. Morpheus is stunned that his master already feels so deeply for the captive girl. He had assumed that her imprisonment was merely a sting to Kylo’s pride, and that his master’s refusal to preside over the death rites was a way of punishing Snoke. Now he wonders if Ren has not come to care for her. “If your concern is for her well-being, the Supreme Leader has assured Demetrius that she will remain unharmed until an accord can be struck with the sky-walkers,” Morpheus informs him, grateful that for the first time in six days he bears good news. “That is the matter Snoke wishes to speak to you about. He may be willing to loosen the restrictions currently in place, under certain conditions.” “What are his conditions?” “He would agree to allow the girl to stay here, with the Knights of Ren, until the blood rite takes place,” Morpheus tells him. The ghost of a smile appears on Kylo’s face, a tinge of arrogance gleaming in his dark eyes at the small victory. “Don’t be too pleased with yourself, my king. You might have secured her a modicum of freedom with your defiance, but you haven’t done the girl any favors by turning the officers against her.” Kylo’s smile only widens. “What are Snoke’s conditions?” he repeats. “If she leaves our premises, she will be accompanied by a member of Snoke’s personal guard at all times. She will only be permitted in public areas - the infirmary, the mess hall, the…stop that! Do you think Snoke is playing a game?” His words have little impact. Kylo is already on his feet, the smile on his face gleaming. Morpheus almost continues chiding him for acting so foolishly, but that unbridled smile makes him look younger, more his age. Sometimes he forgets that Kylo is still a young man, forced to carry a weight beyond his years. Morpheus shakes his head, exasperated, comprehension slowly dawning on him. “This is what you wanted. You knew that Snoke couldn’t keep her captive for long if you refused to preside over the rites.” Kylo wraps his heavy cloak over his shoulders, a hint of satisfaction creeping into his voice when he answers. “He has to answer to his men. It was a gamble. It paid off.” “Who do you answer to?” grumbles Morpheus. “Hecate?” Kylo offers, a clever gleam in his eyes. “It was dangerous,” mutters Morpheus, not appreciating his master’s untimely wit. “What if he’d killed the girl for your insolence, or exiled you for treason? What if he’d…?” Kylo sobers. A dark look passes over his face, and in that moment Morpheus feels as though he is not looking at his master. His voice falters, the admonition dying on his lips. The recklessness on Kylo’s brow is disturbingly familiar. Struck by the sudden knowledge that his master might be aware of just how much power he has against Snoke, Morpheus feels as though he has been forced to swallow acid. But then Ren’s features smooth into a neutral expression. “What is it, my friend?” “Nothing,” Morpheus says, reassuring himself. His old heart hammers inside of his chest, the memory of his son’s voice haunting him. Only the King of the Dead can rule from the Chthonian throne. “It’s nothing.” Kylo nods, as if all of Morpheus’s thoughts are displayed on his face. The boy is too perceptive for his own good. “You don’t have to worry about me, Morpheus. You know I would never do anything that could bring us real harm.” “I know. I know.” “I’ll go to Snoke now. If he agrees, I will burn the twenty-six tonight to quell the disquiet, but I won’t burn a Knight of Ren alongside them,” Kylo murmurs quietly. “Tomorrow morning, at dawn.” Morpheus feels a strange sense of peace settle over him. His son will be at rest soon, one with the Force, his ashes interred in the Hall of the Fallen. But then he remembers Snoke’s final stipulation and a shade passes over his thoughts. “Before you speak with him, you should know…there’s something else.” “Tell me.” “As a precondition for her release, the Supreme Leader demands that the girl attend Phobetor’s funeral. As a sign of her loyalty to you. And to the First Order.” *** Rey’s quarters are little more than a cell. A sparse sleeping platform has been built into the wall, a cracked sink spits out dirty water that stains her nails, and she relieves herself in a refresher the size of a tin can. Her door opens twice daily when a silent, grey-uniformed officer arrives with morning and evening rations. The ration bars are accompanied by a blue pill that she can only assume is a treatment for radiation poisoning. The officer watches her swallow it, checking under her tongue to be certain that she is not hiding it in her mouth. On the third evening, she is given a fresh set of clothes and a bar of soap that is useless without clean water. She begins to wonder if they mean to keep her locked up like this until the blood rite. With each passing night, the clarity and assurance she felt in the Throne Room gives way to confusion and doubt. Her relief at being spared one horrible fate is suffocated by the fear of what lies before her, a fear that is mingled with a strange kind of anticipation. She tries in vain not to think of Ren, standing below her on the steps of the Throne Room, promising her everything that belongs to him. He had looked at her as though she lit the stars, but then left her alone in a place where she is surrounded by people who would harm her. At night, Ren comes to her in dreams where the world is different, a shifting dance of light and beauty, power and darkness. In the good dreams, he lies her down in an ocean of grass, green waves rolling in the wind, his body covering hers as he presses renewed promises against her mouth. In the nightmares, he breaks those promises, kissing her under a burning sky and shattering her like glass. She wakes in the middle of the night, an unfamiliar ache deep inside of her, so intense that she almost sobs with the weight of it. She nearly reaches between her legs to fill that terrible emptiness before she remembers that there is dirt caked under her nails and in the grooves of her palms. Before she remembers that there is a cam droid perched in the farthest corner of the room, its photoreceptors monitoring her every move. Before she remembers that she should be revolted at the thought of an enemy touching her. When she wakes from those heated dreams to a cold cell, her arousal turns to sickness at the thought of Ren invading her body. She might be inexperienced, but she is not naive, and the blood rite hangs heavy over her head. She knows that reality will not be as kind as dreams. Rey reminds herself that a few minutes of pain is a small price to pay for her life, telling herself that if she is lucky, Ren will tire of her quickly. She may only be forced to have him inside of her a few times before he turns his attention elsewhere. But that thought sends a different kind of agony searing through her, a pain that is tied to the inexplicable bond that exists between them. A dark hunger inside of her yearns for him. It whispers to her that he belongs to her and no other, and that she in turn must belong to him. Her conflicted mind exhausts itself, turning in confused circles whenever she is awake. When the guards finally darken the overhead lights at night, she doesn’t allow herself to sleep. Instead she lies awake, staring at the blank ceiling, afraid to descend into nightmares. Or perhaps it is the dreams that scare her. *** On the morning of the seventh day of her imprisonment, a knock sounds on her door, interrupting the ceaseless barrage of thoughts that plague her. It is too early to be the officers with her morning rations, and the guards never knock before entering. Rey stands warily and the door slides open to admit her visitor. It is Demetrius. Relief floods through her and she fights the urge to collapse into him, to feel human touch after so long in confinement. She had been ripped from her grandfather’s side so quickly, taken from the Throne Room only moments after accepting Ren’s offer. Six days’ worth of worry is etched into his face. She knows that if she were to throw her arms around him right now he would not stop her, but the guards at the door are watching and listening intently. Rey can feel the cam droid’s eerie black photoreceptors focused on them, like a many-eyed insect. Demetrius’s lined, hazel eyes roam over the blank walls, the single blanket on her sleeping platform, and the skinny door that leads to the refresher. Finally, he looks at her. She feels the weight of his gaze and knows what he sees: tangled hair, a prisoner’s clothing, red eyes, and sunken cheeks. She quickly moves to hide her dirty hands behind her back, but he grabs her wrist and turns her palm upward, taking in the grime that has etched its way into the lines of her skin. The hand at his side curls into a fist. He has not expected to find her in this condition. It’s okay. I’m okay , she wants to tell him, even though it’s not and she isn’t. “Rey,” he says quietly, guilt seeping into his voice. “I’m so sorry I couldn’t come sooner. If there had been any way…I should have come sooner. I should have done more.” She shakes her head, unable to find the words to tell him that she doesn’t blame him for any of this. “No,” Rey whispers. “You’ve done…so much. So much for me already.” He looks away from her, trying to compose himself. “I have good news,” he says finally. For her sake, he attempts a thin smile. “I could really use good news right now,” she says honestly. “Kylo Ren has persuaded Supreme Leader Snoke to allow you to reside with the Knights of Ren until arrangements can be made for the blood rite to take place.” “I’m getting out of here?” Rey asks in disbelief. “Yes.” Suddenly, Rey doesn’t care that there are stormtroopers standing at the door or that a security guard is scrutinizing their every move through the cam droid. She throws her arms around Demetrius’s shoulders and hugs him, feeling his shock and surprise when his shoulders tense beneath his grey cloak. But after a moment he relaxes, wrapping his arms around her to gently pat her back. She smiles into his shoulder. It’s strange and new to both of them, and it makes her a little sad when she remembers that he had probably once hugged her mother just like this. “Thank you,” she whispers. He draws back a little, his hands on her shoulders, shaking his head. “It was Ren’s doing.” “How?” Demetrius smiles that thin, tight smile again, but this time it is designed to shelter rather than comfort. “Kylo is the Master of the Knights of Ren, and his dealings with the Supreme Leader are far outside of your control,” he says dismissively, his voice deceptively soothing. “Theirs is a different and darker world than the one you come from. You don’t need to hear about all of that unpleasantness .” Rey frowns. “But if he-” “Rey, it would only upset you to hear. You don’t need to be burdened with the concerns of the Knights,” Demetrius insists, shaking his head. “Let Kylo deal with Snoke.” Rey bites her tongue. He thinks I’m too fragile to hear what Ren has done in my name. “So that’s it, then?” she says finally, fighting and failing to keep the edge out of her voice. “I can leave?” “No,” Demetrius says, his voice uncertain. He is rattled by her tone. Rey immediately regrets speaking so sharply. The last thing she needs is to push away her only defender. “The past few days have raised questions about Supreme Leader Snoke’s leniency towards you. There are some who mistake his… mercy …for weakness. The Supreme Leader needs to be certain of your loyalty. To pacify the generals, he intends to link the blood rite to an accord with the sky-walkers. As such, it is very important that you and Ren take measures to publicly affirm your intent to go through with the rite.” Rey is intrigued. “He wants to make sure I’m not going to run,” she says bluntly. As if she has anywhere to go. “I thought that my acceptance of the blood rite was pretty public .” Demetrius laughs aloud. “That it certainly was. But none of the Knights were present when you declared yourself to Kylo. They keep themselves rather separate from court politics.” “All right. What does Snoke want?” “The Supreme Leader has asked that Ren proceed with the funeral rites for the citizens who have been lost over the past week,” Demetrius says, and Rey doesn’t miss his pointed reference to Snoke by his title. “Their Burnings will take place tonight, with private ceremonies for those closest to them. But in the morning, Ren will honor a fallen Knight, and the Supreme Leader would like you to preside over the rites alongside him.” Curiosity simmers inside of her. She wonders why it has taken so long for them to take care of their dead. On the Eleusis, the period of mourning is three days, after which their coffins are sent to the ground. Anything longer than that and everything would start to...decay. Perhaps that is what Demetrius had tried to shield her from. But Rey has worked her whole life in the Eleusian fields, watching things grow and die and decay in an endless cycle. Death is nothing new to her. “Preside?” she asks skeptically, looking down at her dirty hands and shapeless clothing. She is in no condition to appear in any public forum, much less at Ren’s side, and she knows nothing about earth mourning rituals. All it would take is one wrong move, one false step… Sensing her alarm, Demetrius assures her quietly, “Don’t worry about any of that. Nothing is expected of you except your presence. In the morning, one of the Knights will come to escort you. She’ll give you everything you need.” She? Rey thinks, surprised. The Throne Room had been filled with soldiers, but there hadn’t been a single woman among them. Behind them, a guard clears his throat, and Demetrius stiffens. Their time together has come to an end. “Rey,” he says urgently. “You should know that tensions at the Burning will be very high. Phobetor was killed in an altercation with the sky-walkers and the First Order generals are urging the Supreme Leader towards war.” She remembers Ren’s words to her at Takodana. Your people shed the first blood. It seems like they were spoken a lifetime ago. “Your presence at Kylo Ren’s side could serve to quiet some of their anger. It may be the difference between peace and war between our peoples.” Suddenly she is afraid. She never asked for this, she isn’t prepared for this. “Demetrius,” one of the guards calls out impatiently. Seeing her panic, Demetrius pulls her to him once more, folding her in a brief embrace. “You’ll do just fine,” he whispers in her ear, so low that she thinks maybe the cam droid might not pick up his words. Then he says something else, something that surprises her, because it is an answer to a concern she has never voiced aloud. “This isn’t what I wanted for you, Rey. But I wouldn’t let you do this if I didn’t believe that Ren is a good man...perhaps one of the only good men left on this earth.” *** Finn has never believed in the supernatural. He has sat through at least a hundred of Lor San Tekka’s long-winded musings on the nature of the Force, the mystical energy field that binds the galaxy together. He and Rey used to giggle behind their hands at the serious temple acolytes, who claimed to be able to see the past and the future. Lor San Tekka’s students worshipped the Force with dramatic showmanship, parading around the Eleusis with a grand sense of superiority. Even then, Finn knew that shaving your head and wearing boring robes wouldn’t give you some weird mind power. The ritual liturgy of the so-called Eleusian Jedi was all smoke and mirrors, tradition without substance. Finn can’t help but feel like one of those acolytes as Narisah closes his hand around a multifaceted rock that fits perfectly in his palm. He feels like an imposter. “Go on,” the guide says, his voice echoing in the darkness of the tunnels. Beside him, Dameron sighs. “This is absurd. The Force is just an old earth myth. It’s not real .” Finn thinks that Poe should probably be a little more respectful, considering they’d both been saved from the literal jaws of death by the band of desert travelers. The white-clad nomads had given them what food and medical attention they could spare, promising that they would receive more help at an outpost north of the mountains. “I would invite you over to our place,” Narisah had joked as they walked. Finn recalls the massive star destroyer, and the thick band of smoke that had formed a black pillar in the sky against the horizon. “But we’ve recently been evicted.” The desert warrior is not like anyone Finn has ever seen: his long hair is pulled back into a braid down his back and his white clothing is alight with mirrors and jewels. Narisah had instructed one of his men to cover the gash in Finn’s shoulder with a strange-smelling paste that cooled like ice. The man had bound the wound with white bandages, staunching the flow of blood. In a moment of pain and delirium, still stunned by what he had seen in the desert, Finn had whispered, “Are you a Jedi?” “No,” his rescuer had replied. “We’re Jinn.” Without the aid of these newfound friends, Finn is sure that he and Dameron would have been lost or dead by now. But to his dismay, Poe doesn’t seem to have a problem with openly questioning their saviors’ religion. “You don’t believe in the Force?” Roshan asks the starpilot curiously. Narisah’s second-in-command never seems to lack questions, asking them everything he can think of about where they’ve come from and where they’re going. “I’ve been to thirty-three planets,” Dameron replies, his voice weary. “The Force wasn’t on any of them.” But it’s on this one , Finn thinks, turning the stone over in his palm. Though the tunnels are cool, the crystal is hot in his hand. I heard the Darknesses, even though they didn’t speak. I heard them in my head, when all Poe heard was wailing and screaming. “We heard them, too,” Roshan says reassuringly, except it doesn’t make Finn feel better. He would much rather have never heard anything at all. Plus, the feeling of someone else in his head is really, really disconcerting. “I wish you all would stop doing that,” mutters Poe. “Doing what?” asks Narisah with mock-innocence. “I thought you didn’t believe in our… what did you call them before? ‘Mind tricks’?” Finn clutches the stone in his hand tighter. He’d seen Narisah and his warriors create light from darkness during their battle with the massive desert creatures, but how had they done it? The rock is smooth under his fingers, like heated glass. His mind might indeed be playing tricks on him, because the crystal almost seems alive . “What am I supposed to be feeling?” he whispers. “No one can tell you what you’re supposed to feel, Finn,” Narisah replies. Dameron makes a derisive coughing sound. “Right,” Finn mutters, trying to ignore Poe. “Any advice?” “You have focus. That’s good. But your focus is elsewhere. On saving your friend, on your concern for her. When you are calm, when you trust ananke , the Force will come to you.” “What’s ananke ?” Finn asks. Sometimes, when there is no word in Basic for an idea, Narisah slips into his native language. “It is many things. Fate, destiny. Something that must come to pass, something predestined by the Force itself. It has existed since the beginning of time, when the Force called all things into being, and it guides each of us now. No one can defy ananke .” “Fate,” murmurs Finn. “You’re asking me to trust that fate will save Rey?” “No. I’m telling you that all things that come to pass are the will of the Force. Whether your friend lives or dies is not within your power. Each of her steps, and each of your steps, are guided by the Force.” “So we’re just puppets, is that it?” “The ways of the Force are a great mystery, Finn. Fate and choice exist side-by-side; the will of the Force is inevitable and the future is always in motion, though it may seem impossible for both to be true. We cannot comprehend the infinite with our finite minds.” Finn takes a deep breath. How could he possibly just…let Rey go? He worries for her every second of every day. Even now, he can feel every step into the tunnels taking him farther north, away from her. “ Ananke ,” murmurs Narisah. Finn searches for the Jinn’s hand in the darkness, feeling the spun linen of his gloves and the smooth mirrors sewn into them. “I can’t. I’m sorry,” he whispers, returning the crystal to its owner. The stone blazes to life in Narisah’s hand. A white, pure light emanates from inside it, reflecting off the mirrors in his gloves and the transparisteel of his goggles. It is no trick, no illusion. The light scatters through the tunnel, illuminating their path like a small sun. Poe looks oddly disappointed, as though some part of him, despite his disbelief, had secretly hoped that Finn could call the light from the darkness as Narisah and the other Jinn had. “Then Niima will be where our paths part,” says Narisah sadly, but there is no judgment in his tone. “There are many travelers there, and you may find someone who knows where your friend was taken. If it is the will of the Force, I hope you will find each other.” Notes: Hello readers! In a comment on a previous chapter, muteshoes asked that I link to the Greek and Star Wars characters that I am using in this story. While I'm not going to bore you with mountains of Greek mythology, I'm going to post the character boards and location board that I've used for my reference so that you won't have to track down all these different Greek deities and myths! Character Board 1 - Names, Greek Counterparts & Meanings: http://nightsofreylo.tumblr.com/post/149994615084/whom-hades-seized-character-board-names-greek Character Board 2 - The Knights of Ren: http://nightsofreylo.tumblr.com/post/149994655579/whom-hades-seized-character-board-the-knights Moodboard - Locations: http://nightsofreylo.tumblr.com/post/149994715809/whom-hades-seized-moodboard-locations Hopefully this will help you as you read, and if they're useful to you, I'll post more boards to my tumblr as new plotlines are introduced (so you may want to follow me there for updates). Thanks for reading, and I really appreciate the support and feedback you leave in the comments! Beta'd by the wonderful smols-darklighter. Chapter 9 : The Nekromanteion Summary: Rey is released from confinement. To appease the Supreme Leader, she and Kylo must preside over the funeral rites of a fallen Knight of Ren. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey wakes to the face of a dead woman. Moonlight hair tumbles over the young woman’s shoulders and dark lashes frame her stunning grey eyes. She is dressed in a black himation that reaches to the floor. Her right shoulder is bare and her sandaled feet step over the floor of the room without sound. In the dim light of the cell, the woman looks beautiful and ghostly, a spirit ascended from the underworld. All hail the deathless ones, the dreaded Knights of Ren, who roam beneath a blood-red sky and harvest souls of Men. Rey stumbles off of her sleeping platform, the words of the Eleusian children’s rhyme hissing in her ears as if still part of a nightmare. Her mind rouses with a feeling of horror, a scream lodged in her throat…she knows this young woman’s face! Rey had seen this girl before, when she forced her way into Ren’s mind during her interrogation. Only then the woman had been a corpse laid out on a pyre. Those lovely grey eyes had been closed forever, a metal crown of flowers adorning her graceful head. This woman is dead, a phantom or a shade…the ghost of a girl that Ren once knew… All hail the deathless ones, who reap the young and old. The brightest light casts shadows long, and even stars burn cold. The lights of the cell abruptly turn on, and Rey is immensely glad that she hadn’t screamed. As soon as she blinks the brightness from her eyes, it becomes perfectly clear that the woman is not a phantom, but flesh and blood. There is color in her cheeks, her lips are full and red, her skin pale but healthy. Rey’s heart still pounds, trying to reconcile the memory of what she had seen in Ren’s mind with the living girl before her. “And you told Kylo I shouldn’t come alone because she would be afraid of me !” a man’s voice exclaims, his deep tenor dousing Rey’s fear like water poured over a flame. She forces her eyes away from the woman toward the sound of his laughter. When she sees him, she understands why she would have good reason to be afraid. The ghost-girl’s companion possesses a face that has been utterly destroyed, several angry scars running from his temple to his jawline, but there is a look of impetuousness on his face that suggests he might have been handsome once. The young woman’s grey eyes are like steel daggers, glaring at the disfigured man who lingers near the entrance to the cell. It is a gaze that would strike fear into even the most hardened soldier, but her tall, lean counterpart merely looks amused. “We didn’t mean to startle you,” says the woman apologetically, turning back to Rey with bright, watchful eyes. “We thought the guards would have woken you already.” “No, it’s fine…you just scared me a little,” Rey manages to say despite her dry throat. She feels a pang of embarrassment at her own superstitious fear. Steadying her voice, she stands a little straighter. “Are you the Knights of Ren?” “Here to reap your soul, darling,” replies the man casually, throwing a wink at her. Like the woman, he is dressed regally in a black cloak of rich fabric that covers his shoulders and chest. The cloak is pinned at his shoulder with a fibula that looks to be made of solid gold. He grins a white, straight smile, the skin beneath his scars twisting with the movement. The woman shakes her head, exasperated with him. “I’m Hecate. This is Thanatos. We’ve come to get you out.” At her words, the troopers posted at the door shift warily, as though they are still unsure if the knights actually have the authority to remove her from the cell. But neither of the white-armored guards say anything when Thanatos stretches out his hand to Rey. “I don’t even know you,” Rey says cautiously. Thanatos steps forward, his hand trailing along the curve of her elbow. He leans down licentiously, his breath tickling her neck when he speaks. “You don’t know anyone here, sweet one.” His words draw a small laugh from her. It is her first true laugh in days, and it feels good. “You have a point,” she concedes. Thanatos holds out his hand to her again. This time Rey takes it, allowing him to guide her through the low doorway and past the guards. Though the detention block’s hallway is narrow, Rey feels overwhelmed with the sensation of freedom. After days in confinement, she wants to run the length of the hall, to dance and climb and shout. “So,” Thanatos begins, sounding amused. “We heard that you managed to pin down the inexorable Kylo Ren. Does the sun still rise in the east?” “Thanatos!” Hecate exclaims, her eyes wide. “Leave the girl alone!” “We all thought he was going to die alone,” Thanatos tells Rey congenially, pretending not to hear Hecate. “I’m actually quite hurt. You think you know someone. Grow up together, fight battles together. And the next thing you know they’re entering into secret blood rites without telling you.” Rey smiles, but at the casual mention of the blood rite, dread falls like a heavy stone in her stomach. Thanatos’s words are a reminder that she is about to marry a stranger, a man who possesses a power she is only beginning to understand. Rey shivers in the cold hallway as the rest of the childhood rhyme comes to her, a poem that temple acolytes would recite to make little girls cry. All hail the deathless King, who craves both flesh and bone. He seized a sky-girl from above and took her for his own. Rey mentally chides herself. She knows now that the Knights of Ren are not the half-living, half-dead spirits of those childish stories…but the words still haunt her. “It wasn’t a secret!” Hecate exclaims. “The whole court knows! And just because Kylo doesn’t sleep with anything that moves doesn’t mean he was going to die alone.” “Kylo’s restraint is unnatural ,” Thanatos mock-groans, a sly look passing over his features. Rey gets the sense that he is enjoying provoking Hecate immensely. “He acts like the Jedi, with all their rules about who can fuck who. It’s exhausting.” Hecate rolls her eyes. “Ignore him,” she whispers to Rey, leading her away. Thanatos trails half a step behind them, just close enough to overhear Hecate mutter, “He spends too much of his time out there in the Wastes and not enough in civilized company.” *** Hecate and Thanatos must have woken her in the earliest hours of the morning, because once they descend beyond the well-lit First Order corridors, there is barely enough light to walk by. “Down here we don’t get any sunlight, but the circadian lights follow the natural progression of the sun above ground, so we get a full day of light. I wouldn’t recommend wandering around at night unless you’re asking for a turned ankle. Technically the palace grounds extend all the way to Level One - that’s where the lifts ended, back the way we came,” Thanatos tells her. “Snoke’s a paranoid bastard, so you’ll have to comm a guard if you want to go above that point.” Rey’s mind is spinning. She had tried to memorize the path Hecate had taken through the lower levels of the First Order base, but the labyrinthine halls all seemed to blur together. They are deep in the ground now, so deep that the deepest lifts ended a kilometer above their heads. “Who built all this?” Rey whispers in awe. “There’s an entire world down here…” They are walking along an underground stairway that clings to the wall of an immense cavern. From their high vantage point, Rey can see the rocky plain below, a silvery underground river, and a white palace that sprawls over the hollow valley haphazardly as though its thousands of rooms have been built over the course of centuries. “The radiation used to go deeper into the earth,” Hecate tells her. “Over the years, the levels of radiation stabilized and people were able to build higher. But the Knights of Ren remained here. It’s…home.” Home , Rey thinks faintly. She feels a pang of longing in her chest. “Do you smell that?” whispers Thanatos longingly, his gait quickening as they near the end of the winding steps. The rock flattens into a wide path and the palace looms ahead of them. “Skies, I can smell it from here.” “You cannot,” Hecate mutters, but a faint smile crosses her face. “I can. It smells like…” He inhales deeply, exhaling in a wistful sigh. “Dion’s in the kitchen.” Rey can smell it, but she’s not sure exactly what it is. It is a warm smell, like…bread. Except richer, thicker, sweeter. Something oven-baked and hot. Her mouth waters. “Do you think he’s making…?” “Oh Force yes.” “What is it?” Rey asks curiously. Her stomach feels suddenly empty. It growls, begging for something with more substance than hard ration bars. “It is proof that there is a Force, and that it’s will is good,” moans Thanatos. “Sweet-sand cookies,” Hecate says, tilting her head back, letting the smell waft over her. They are almost to the steps leading to the grand doors of the subterranean palace. When Thanatos shoves the doors open, Rey is stunned by the sheer size of its grand interior. The ceiling soars over their heads and her footsteps echo across the stone floor. “This is the main hall,” Hecate tells her. “On this level you have all the common areas. In the east wing there’s the holocenter, comm room, training rooms. In the west wing you’ll find the armory, the state rooms, and-“ “The kitchen,” Thanatos finishes, his mind still clearly on the sweet-sand cookies. “On the upper level are the private quarters. You can bring whoever you want down here, but no civilians upstairs.” Hecate looks pointedly at Thanatos, as though she suspects he may have violated this particular command. “House rules.” “Got it. How many of you live here?” asks Rey curiously. “Eight,” Hecate replies automatically, at the same exact moment as Thanatos says, “Seven.” Thanatos falters, the smile on his face fading into a grimace. Hecate’s beautiful features are stricken. There’s an awful silence, the knights’ lightheartedness replaced with an overwhelming feeling of grief. Rey is suddenly very aware that she is a sky-walker, an outsider, an intruder into something very private. “Seven,” Hecate whispers after a moment. *** Sweet-sand cookies are possibly the greatest thing that Rey has ever tasted. She eats her fourth one as she sinks deeper into a tub of hot water, still marveling that on earth the substance doesn’t seem to be as precious as it is on the Eleusis. “We’ve had a thousand years to perfect the filtration systems, and there are oceans of water,” Hecate tells her, amused by Rey’s enthusiastic response. “Knock yourself out.” But Rey only gets a few minutes to herself before the pretty knight is knocking on her door again. The circadian lights are lightening beyond a row of slender, arched windows. Gold races across the farthest cliffs in an imitation of dawn and apprehension settles in Rey’s chest. Every minute brings her closer to the funeral at which she will be expected to stand at Ren’s side. She dries off and slips into a lightweight underdress that reaches to her thighs. “I’m decent,” she calls out to Hecate. The young woman enters. “I pulled these from the old quarters. They haven’t been worn in years . We haven’t had a queen since Starkiller died, and that was at the end of the Imperial Age. I just didn’t have time to air them out…” “I’m sure it will be fine,” Rey says indifferently. It’s not as though she has a particular reason to look beautiful. Her marriage to Kylo won’t be real, so there’s no need for her to worry about impressing her betrothed. But then a horrible thought drifts across her mind, a thought that makes her stomach churn. You’re not dressing for Ren. You’re dressing for Snoke. Hecate sets a package on Rey’s bed, untying the cords that bind it together. Inside are two dresses, folded delicately inside thin paper. Hecate spreads them out over the surface of the bed, the ebony dresses contrasting vividly against the burgundy blankets. “We have others, but I thought that either of these would do. Traditionally black is worn to our funerals.” “It’s the same on the sky-walker ship,” Rey replies, trailing a hand over the fabric on the dress closest to her. It is the color of mourning. It is his color. The neckline is high, illusion lace covering the shoulders and arms. It is youthful, pristine, with clean lines. There is nothing this fine on the Eleusis ; women would have sold their souls for a dress of this quality and craftsmanship. The second dress is ornate, its silhouette subtly alluring. She would not be able to hide in this dress. The light catches on the impossibly small jewels shimmering over its surface. Their clarity is unparalleled. Any one of them is worth more than she could have earned in a lifetime working in the fields. “I can’t wear these. They’re beautiful, but…” “Well, you have to wear something,” Hecate points out. “It doesn’t matter,” says Rey, shutting her eyes. “I don’t care. You choose.” “The first,” says Hecate immediately. “Do you think Ren will like it more?” “No. Kylo would prefer the second. But the first is less threatening,” murmurs Hecate thoughtfully. Rey hesitates, running a finger over a line of black sapphires. “Why would he like this one?” “He’s only male,” Hecate replies delicately. Rey slips wordlessly into the first dress. *** “I don’t even know what happened to him,” Rey admits. Hecate is weaving a crown of braids into her hair with nimble fingers. Her hands are gentle but calloused, a warrior’s skilled fingers applied to a intricate and feminine task. “Phobetor?” the slender knight asks. “I don’t know how he died. I should know.” Hecate continues plaiting her hair with unhurried, deft movements. If she is disconcerted by Rey’s question, she hides it well. Her grey eyes meet Rey’s in the mirror. “When we first encountered the sky-walkers…” she begins, and then stops almost immediately. “No. No, I’ll go further back.” She thinks for a moment. “About three years ago, Kylo went on an expedition into the Wastes alone. He was six hundred miles beyond the radiation line when he found the droid: a spherical unit, a BB unit.” “A sky-walker droid,” says Rey almost immediately. “That’s why he took me. He thought I knew something about it.” Hecate looks at her strangely. “The sky-walkers sent it to earth, yes. But the droid was not a sky-walker droid. It was unmistakably a droid built by the Knights of Ren, designed to make the arduous journey that only we take through the Wastes. Kylo recognized the droid immediately.” “He knew the droid?” Rey asks, confused. “It belonged to his former master.” Rey’s eyes meet Hecate’s slate ones in the mirror. Rey thinks of the vision she and Ren had shared in Takodana: her mother, tied to a tree…and the apprentice. Dark hair falling against his forehead, his frame slender and lean with youth, but those eyes…those eyes were unmistakably his, dark and determined and desperate. Kylo Ren. “My mother. Chara Demetrius.” Rey tries to compose herself. “Thrawn said she was a traitor.” “He spoke truly. Chara turned against her own people, against the Empire, to join the Rebel Alliance.” “Who was she to Thrawn?” “Your grandfather didn’t tell you?” Hecate asks, hesitating. When Rey shakes her head, the knight frowns. “They were bound together by a blood rite, a sacred bond. It is why Thrawn could not oppose your match with Kylo. He knows that interference with a blood rite is against a law that predates even the First Order.” Stunned, Rey feels as though she is going to be sick. How could her mother have been married to that monster ? Rey feels a flash of anger towards the woman that gave birth to her, a disappointment in her mother’s weakness. Either Chara had been blind to Thrawn’s evilness, or weak enough to knowingly marry him in spite of it. Are you any different? an accusing voice whispers inside her head. You are going to marry a man you barely know, a man who has killed and kidnapped and tortured…just to live. At least your mother was strong enough to leave. “When Chara betrayed the Empire, when she left Thrawn, she destroyed the reputation that he had worked so hard to build. Thrawn has done unthinkable things to restore that reputation…but you…you are living proof that Thrawn can command armies but could not control his own wife.” They sit in silence for a few moments, Rey lost in thought. “Ren recognized me. On the sky-walker ship. He knew who I was…he knew I was her daughter.” “Kylo knew that the Jedi were allied with the rebels, and would have taken great pains to hide you from the First Order. From us. Whoever sent you to the sky-walker ship must have sent the droid with you.” “It’s just a droid,” Rey mutters. “It’s not worth fighting a war over.” “When Kylo found the droid, he brought it back to Coruscant. He discovered that it had been exploring the Wastes for nearly three months, sending transmissions back to a sky-walker ship. But under all that data there was something else, something that I doubt even the sky-walkers knew was there.” “A map,” Rey remembers aloud, thinking of how Ren had attempted to force his way into her mind. And now you’ll give it to me. She shivers, remembering his rage when she had refused to give in, when she had bested him. “Where does it lead?” Hecate shakes her head. “It’s more than my life’s worth to tell you that, Rey. I want to be honest with you, as honest as I can be without betraying Kylo’s confidence. I know how hard all of this must be for you. But I have to remember that you are not his wife yet.” “But Kylo wants it?” Hecate nods. “And he was willing to kill my people to keep it.” Rey grits her teeth, feeling anger rising in her. “No,” Hecate says faintly. “Kylo destroyed the droid’s transmission systems, thinking it would fool the sky-walkers into believing that the earth was unlivable. It should have been sufficient to keep the sky-walkers from returning to earth. But they were curious. They came back for it, and they…” She takes a deep breath, steadying herself, some unseen memory paining her. “We consecrate their dead, we bury their people, and still they hated us on sight.” Rey closes her eyes. She knows what the masked Knights of Ren would have looked like to the crew of the Millennium Falcon . They would have been formidable, ghouls and wraiths wrapped in black shadows, come to ravage souls and consume the hollow shells left behind. “They were afraid.” “They didn’t even wait for us to speak. One of their soldiers…shot Phobetor.” Overcome with a feeling of horror, Rey looks away, down at her hands. “And then everything happened so fast. There was shouting, Phobetor was wounded, the sky-walkers were blasting everything to hell. Kylo took on their leader, just his sword against a blaster. It was…I’d never seen him stop a blaster bolt before, didn’t even know it was possible. But somehow he did. I can still see it hovering in the air. And then…there was blood. Everywhere. On Kylo’s hands, on the sky-walkers, on us .” “I’m…I’m sorry,” Rey says weakly. It doesn’t feel like enough. “It was all for nothing,” Hecate says finally. Her voice is bitter, hollow with grief. “Kylo was ordered to retrieve the sky-walker commander who killed Phobetor, to return him to earth to face justice. Instead, he returned with you, thinking that the Jedi might have told you how to retrieve the map. But we’re no closer now than we were when we first found the droid.” Rey bites her tongue. You know the droid. You’ve seen the section of the navigational chart that it carries. You just don’t remember. She raises her eyes. In the glass mirror, an unfamiliar girl with steel blood looks back at her. Whatever the droid is carrying, the Jedi her mother fought alongside had wanted her to have it. Rey vows silently to find it before Ren does. *** The Nekromanteion is set atop the highest point in the citadel. Rey recalls seeing its spires reaching towards the sky on her first ill-fated attempt to escape the First Order base. The sun rises with crimson splendor, the bloody hue discoloring the white marble. Rey wonders what this place might have looked like at the height of the city’s glory, all pure white stone against a pale blue sky. Inside the knight’s temple, she finds an answer. Here the dying sun cannot touch the magnificent beauty of the basilica, its pale vaulted ceilings curving up to converge at points high above her head. Hecate pulls her quietly along the dimly lit rear of the temple, behind the apse, and Rey tries not to stumble over the dress. “Snoke,” the knight points out quietly. Rey sees the Supreme Leader seated in a place of prominence on the upper level, looking down on the nave with pale eyes. The mourners are gathered there, a mass of men and women in dark clothing, hundreds of them assembled here to honor their fallen knight. There are also children, which surprises Rey. Of course they have children , Rey admonishes herself. How else could they have survived? “And Thrawn,” Hecate murmurs, drawing her out of her thoughts. Seated at Snoke’s left hand is the Jedi Killer. Gone is his pristine white cloak. He wears a black mantle, thick like velvet, draped across his lean shoulders. Rey’s throat goes dry, and her step falters. She is grateful that she is ensconced in the shadows, unseen by that chilling blue gaze. “Careful,” a voice murmurs behind her. For a brief moment she thinks that Ren is merely another dream, but then she feels the closeness of his presence and knows he is real. Her breath stops at the sight of him, a mixture of fear and longing curling in her stomach. She had not memorized his face well enough: she retraces the dark dusting of marks on his cheeks and above his brow with her eyes, trying to reconcile the fullness of his lips with the uneven strength of his features. His skin is pale against his long, dark hair. There are dark circles under his eyes and she wonders if, like her, he has not been sleeping. And then blood rises to her cheeks at the thought of why her nights were spent awake. “Walk with me,” he says, placing his hand on her back to steady her. Rey shies away from his touch, flinching without thinking. He withdraws his hand immediately, remorse flitting across his features. In the halls of Takodana, she and Ren had forged a strange kind of friendship, but now the blood rite hangs over her head and she is aware of him in an entirely different way. He towers over her, tall and broad-shouldered. She remembers their struggle in the Wastes, the heavy weight of him pinning down her wrists and hips, the strength that had so easily overpowered her. She lowers her eyes, avoiding his gaze, torn between the safety of the distance she has put between them and the instinct not to incite the anger of the man who is to be her husband. “I’ll go with Rey,” says Hecate quietly. Rey silently thanks every god that exists for her. “We’ll follow you.” Ren nods sharply. He turns from the shadow of the apse towards the main hall of the temple, stepping out into the light. Rey observes for the first time that he is not dressed in the tattered cloak and thick, roughspun robes that she is familiar with. A heavy black cloak covers his shoulders, woven of a fine material that Rey has never seen before. Beneath his cloak is bronze-plated leather, deadly battle armor that she knows is not entirely ceremonial. Dark leather vambraces cover his forearms and greaves shield his shins. A thin band of bronze adorns his head, glinting as he steps forward. The dead knight, Phobetor, has been placed upon an elevated pyre. Grief flares across Ren’s face, making her think for some reason of Chancellor Organa standing in the atrium, her husband’s body in a coffin, clothed in black with a band of gold in her hair. Rey blinks away the memory. Five Knights of Ren stand just below the pyre, Thanatos among them. Hecate gives Rey’s hand a tight squeeze and whispers, “You stand here.” Then her himation is fluttering over the floor and Rey is alone, standing at Ren’s side, looking up at the faces of hundreds of people waiting expectantly in the balconies. She searches for Demetrius’s face in the crowd, trying desperately to find her grandfather. But she is met with only hard gazes. The cheeks of some of the women are streaked with tears, spite marring their features when they see Rey. Her stomach lurches and she forces herself to breathe in and out. She fixes her gaze on the fallen knight’s body. He is younger than she had expected, perhaps only thirty or thirty-five, with dark skin and full lips. His corpse rests on a black stone pyre that has been covered with wood, the smooth ashen bark foreign to Rey. The scientist in her studies it curiously, wondering where they had found trees on this barren planet, before she realizes that something isn’t right about it. A tree that has been felled recently will be green at the cut, a tree that is long dead will be brown. But the tree this wood was cut from is black inside, diseased. She watches in morbid fascination as Ren steps toward the body. She expects him to speak, but instead he places his hand on the dead man’s chest and a hush falls over the hall. Rey hardly dares to breathe, her hands shaking. She feels it when Ren reaches out to the Force, feels it in turn calling to her…the current of a great river roaring as he draws upon some unspoken power. A loud sound like a stone cracking fills her ears. Her vision goes white and she feels as though her soul has been severed from her body. She cannot feel with her hands, or see with her eyes; her only sensation is the absence of self. And yet…she still exists, and her body still exists, only she sees and feels and hears through that dark, wounded thing Ren had called the Force. It is only she and Ren and the fallen Knight now. All others have gone, the Nekromanteion still and silent. Its pillars are black trees, spindly branches forming a ceiling above her head. A frost creeps over the transparisteel windows and the white stone floor, but Rey cannot feel the cold. “Come here, Rey,” Kylo commands. She can’t tell whether he has spoken aloud or in her mind. Her sandals fall soundlessly as she moves toward him, leaving no imprint on the ice gathered on the ground. Where are they? Is this part of the ritual? Ren’s hand is still on Phobetor’s chest, but he reaches out to her with the other. When she takes it, she feels a jolt from from her fingertips to her shoulder blades. She glances up to the now empty balconies. “Can they see us?” she whispers. “This is the world of shades,” Kylo tells her. “Only the King and Queen of the dead may enter it.” “But I’m not…” Rey whispers faintly, before comprehension dawns on her. Snoke never wanted me to prove myself to the Knights of Ren. He wanted me to fail. He didn’t think I would be able to follow Ren here. “Snoke cannot fathom you having this power of your own accord. He thought that I accepted the blood rite out of pity, or else out of compassion,” Kylo answers, and she realizes that here, her thoughts and his are one and the same. “Didn’t you?” “No.” His dark eyes are unfathomable. He takes her hand and places it beneath his, resting it over Phobetor’s heart. She can feel him leading her in the Force, his presence guiding rather than forceful. He closes his eyes, and Rey almost hears…something. Voices. “You’ll learn with time to separate their world from ours,” Ren tells her. His words are strange; he speaks as though this place, this in-between place, is their true home, and the world above only a shadow realm. “They’re burning the body now.” She realizes he is speaking about what is happening in the light-world, in the physical realm. Here in the shade-world, Rey doesn’t feel anything. Beneath her hand, Phobetor’s corpse is as lifeless and still as ever. “What then?” she asks apprehensively. “Then we will pass judgment.” Something silver-blue glints in the corner of her eye. She turns, jerking her hand away from the body, and then…the body is gone . The man, the knight, is standing only an arm’s length away, the pyre empty. His dark skin gleams with silver and blue, yet he is solid and real. His large eyes are sad, so very sad. Phobetor bows deeply, his eyes never leaving Rey’s. “My queen.” She isn’t sure what to say to him. Her apologies seem woefully inadequate and die before they pass her lips. “Phobetor,” says Kylo, sparing her. The knight straightens. He takes a step forward and embraces Kylo like a brother for a long moment. When the two men part, Kylo smiles reassuringly. “This part is just a formality, my friend.” “Do not judge me too harshly, Aidoneus,” replies Phobetor with mocking solemnity, his wide eyes crinkling at the corners. Rey makes a mental note to ask Hecate about the name later. “I’m sure I’ve seen worse,” Kylo chuckles. “Ready?” “Not really,” the shade replies. “Good thing I wasn’t talking to you,” Kylo quips. He looks expectantly at Rey. “Oh,” she says, nerves fluttering in her stomach. “Yes. Ready. What do I do?” “Nothing,” Phobetor laughs, hitting Ren’s shoulder. “Kylo’s just being an ass.” “You know,” Kylo says conversationally to him. “Most shades come before me on their knees, trembling, begging for mercy.” Phobetor rolls his eyes. “Do you hear yourself? Get on with it.” Kylo smiles faintly before reaching out a hand and placing it on the knight’s head. As soon as his pale skin touches the shade’s, it is like Rey has been doused in cold water. It floods her ears, her mouth, her nose. She tries to scream and breathes it in. It takes her a moment to realize that she is not drowning. The water is not water, but memory , painful and violent. Every harsh word spoken by Phobetor, every drop of blood spilled, every tear cried because of him, every violent compulsion and spiteful lie laid bare before her. She chokes with the weight of it, suffocating on Phobetor’s guilt ; she can feel him drowning in a flood of his own making. Kylo Ren drags them to the surface. The shade jerks away, all pretense of bravery gone. “My king…” he gasps. “Asphodel,” Kylo declares. “No, my king. You are blinded.” Kylo’s eyes flash dangerously. In that moment, he is not the shade’s friend, but his king. “Speak carefully, Phobetor.” “I do not deserve oneness with the Force,” gasps Phobetor. “I am unworthy.” “I have seen the wrongs of a thousand men, their darkest secrets revealed before me, and you, Phobetor son of Morpheus, have no business in Tartarus. If only faultless men were spared that torment, there would not be a single soul left to walk the grey plains. But since you accuse me of prejudice…” He turns with dark eyes to Rey. “There are two realms where spirits may go after they die, and we are the gate-keeper to those realms,” he tells her. “The first is Asphodel, the everlasting plains where the Force is always present. Spirits go there to rest in oneness with the Force.” “And the other?” Rey asks. “Tartarus. Death. Torment. Separation from the Force itself.” Rey shudders, realizing that whatever judgment she makes Kylo will enforce, even if differs from his own. He is trusting her to act wisely. It takes her only a moment to decide. “Asphodel. He should go to Asphodel.” From his robes, Kylo draws out a small vial filled with clear liquid, pressing it into the shade’s hand. “Water from the river Lethe. For your travels, my friend.” Phobetor embraces him again. Rey looks away, tightness in her chest. The knight whispers something to Kylo, but this is the shade-world, and she and Ren are of a single mind here. It is your throne, Kylo Aidoneus , the shade says reverently. You are the only rightful King of Chthonia. The Knights of Ren should have cut the throat of the imposter long ago. Realizing that Phobetor is speaking of Snoke, horror fills her. Rey looks up, but Kylo does not seem to be shocked by Phobetor’s revelation. Instead, his eyes are filled with sadness. “I know,” says the King of the Dead simply. “I have known for many years now.” Phobetor nods. He lifts his hand, touching the band of bronze in Kylo’s hair. “You will finish what Vader started.” And then Phobetor opens the vial, tipping the contents into his mouth. Through the Force, Rey feels every ounce of fear and guilt leave him, the weight of his wrongs lifting…the shade sighs, surrendering his memories to a black oblivion, and then blinks as if seeing them for the first time. Kylo steps forward and places a coin in his hand. “For the boatman.” “What boatman?” the nameless shade asks. But the trees and frost are gone, and Rey is standing once again in the white marble hall of the Nekromanteion. Burning wood and oil fill her nostrils. She looks up, instinctively searching for the Supreme Leader in the mass of mourners, remembering that all of this was for him. She finds him. Snoke’s flat, pale eyes survey her and she prays that he will not see Phobetor’s treacherous words echoing in her mind. The Supreme Leader inclines his head towards her slightly, but he does not look appeased. He looks afraid . *** When the funeral procession ends, she and Ren slip away quietly, leaving the mourners behind. They take the descent together, from the highest levels of the city where the white-spired Necromanteion is perched on a hill, down through the First Order hallways with their slanted walls, into the deep places of the earth where the Knights of Ren have made their home. When the lifts reach their lowest point, they walk the same winding stairway that she had traveled with Hecate and Thanatos earlier that morning. The circadian lights begin to darken during their trip, signaling evening…but then Rey supposes that it is always night here. “This place,” Rey says thoughtfully. “It’s not exactly as I thought it would be.” “How had you imagined it?” “In the skies, the Knights of Ren have become nothing more than stories,” Rey tells him. The staircase ends, but he takes them along a different path than the one that leads to the main entrance. A terrace wraps around the side of the palace, with slender white pillars set at even intervals, and Rey can see why he has chosen this walkway. To their left is the outer wall of the palace, its high-arched windows brightly lit from within, but to their right the terrace opens up so that they can see the immense underground cavern. A white waterfall roars down from an unseen source high above them, its waters leveling out into a wide, shallow river that winds alongside the palace. It is beautiful, in its own way. “When I was little, the older children used to tell us that when we died, our bodies would be sent to earth in coffins and the Knights of Ren would…” She hesitates. “Well?” he prompts her. Rey blushes, thinking about how foolish those stories were. “In the stories, the knights were terrifying wraiths, half-living and half-dead. Their masks disguised their true forms. They roamed the earth, starving…in some stories, they…they ate the bodies of the Eleusians…or fed on their souls…” She trails off, expecting him to be angry, but Ren smiles thinly. “ All hail the deathless ones …” he murmurs. Rey is startled by the familiar words. “Where did you hear that?” “It’s an old masnavi story, passed down over the centuries. Some call it a prophecy. I’m sure that after a thousand years, the sky-walkers tell it differently. Or perhaps we’re the ones who changed it.” “How do the earth-born tell it?” she asks curiously. “ All hail the deathless ones, the dreaded Knights of Ren, who roam beneath a blood-red sky and harvest souls of Men .” His voice is deep, lilting, rising and falling over the cadence of the words. “ All hail the deathless ones, who reap the young and old. The brightest light casts shadows long, and even stars burn cold. All hail the deathless King, who walked the earth alone. He seized a sky-girl from above and put her on his Throne .” He finishes the poem and leans forward to rest his forearms against the marble balustrade, looking out over the cavernous realm beyond. Lost in thought, Rey starts when she realizes that they have nearly reached the end of the terrace and the wide doors that lead to the inner chambers. The waterfall cascading over the face of the distant cliff is a constant rumble in her ears. A golden light comes from the windows at Ren’s back, scattering over the terrace and his shoulders, reflecting in the river that winds through the open plain of rock. The sight of him sends a tremor through her body, heat curling low in her stomach, but if Ren is likewise affected by her presence, he doesn’t show it. His expression relaxes into something that is calm and strong, the day’s tension easing out of him until he is absolutely at ease in this place. She wants to move behind him, wants to press her forehead into the place between his shoulder blades, wants to soak up his strength and make it her own. “You were incredible today,” he tells her, straightening his back and moving towards her. His broad frame blocks out all of the light, until there is nothing but his towering presence, nothing but the two of them in this lightless world. His eyes darken with reverence when he looks at her. His raises his hand, his fingers tracing a curved path from her temple to her jawline. His thumb brushes against her mouth, his eyes falling to where he has touched her, and Rey can see every dark lash that frames them. “You were…” In the Eleusian fields, she had closed her eyes sometimes, letting herself believe for just a moment that the artificial wind and sunlight she felt was real. She does the same when he presses his mouth to hers, tilting her head back as his hands pull her closer, pretending that the kiss is real. She can feel every line of his body pressed against hers, feel his strength and his restraint beneath her hands. The roar of the waterfall is inside her chest now, a deep rumble inside of her that shakes her to her core. He bends her to him, deepening the kiss, moving his lips against hers more urgently. She tries to catch her breath, to find her bearings, but the short gasp that escapes her sounds desperate and needy even to her ears. He groans at the sound, pulling her back to him, his hand moving to the back of her head. His fingers twist into her hair, ruining Hecate’s fine work, and brush softly against the back of her neck… has he done this before? His hands are shaking, his breath is shaking, and still he is the only solid thing in her world, steadying her against him. He seized a sky-girl from above and put her on his Throne . She wants to drink the water of the river Lethe and forget how she came to be here. She wants to forget that they are enemies, wants to pretend that they were brought together by fate and not by bloodshed and hatred. She pours her confusion into the kiss, her doubt and desperation. As if he feels that hesitation in her mind, he pulls away. “We shouldn’t…I shouldn’t have…” He is breathing heavily, and she wants to feel that breath against her, wants to feel the rise and fall of his chest beneath her hands again. She resists, folding her arms around herself. He has devastated her with his touch; his sudden rejection stings worse than she had expected. “Rey,” he murmurs, tilting her chin up to look at him. She tries to steel her face into something that resembles indifference, but it is no good. His eyes see everything, every line of uncertainty; the connection between them trembles with her indecision. “You’re right,” she whispers, shoving his hand away. Hurt and anger rise up inside of her, a shield that defends her from her own traitorous thoughts. She tries to put as much malice as she can muster behind the words. “You shouldn’t have.” His eyes are indecipherable. “You should go inside, Rey.” She steps around him, throwing open the wide double doors. Though her heart is pounding, she forces herself not to look back. When she hears the heavy doors shut behind her, she takes off her sandals and runs. Notes: Hello readers, I hope you enjoy this chapter (sorry it's so long, it got away from me). Please leave a comment - I love hearing your thoughts! Beta'd by smols-darklighter. Chapter 10 : Aether Summary: When the Knights of Ren find a way to contact the Eleusis, Rey must convince Chancellor Organa to accept the terms of the peace treaty. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo takes the steps down to the eastern wing quickly, trying to put the accursed kiss out of his mind. What in the blazing skies had he been thinking? Rey had shied away from him in the Nekromanteion, making it perfectly clear that his touch was not welcome. But one journey into the shade realm with her and he’d acted like a man possessed, dragging her body against his to sate something long-starved inside of him. He had fed his loneliness the feeling of Rey’s back arching under his hands, the softness of her hair between his fingers, the warmth of her breath against his mouth. He wonders how he resisted the impulse to kiss her for so long. She had been untouchably beautiful, standing in the pale light of the shade world, big hazel eyes so cautious and so trusting all at once. He thinks of her tanned, smooth skin beneath black illusion lace, of her subtle curves draped in his color. The ebony dress had fluttered around her delicate ankles as she stepped over the frosted ground of the shade-wood. He recalls the warmth of her hand under his, the wisdom she’d shown in her judgment, the pure power she’d called upon so effortlessly to remain with him in the shade world. Force, he’d wanted her. He wants her still, though he has no right to her. He knows now that there was no finer way to seal her hatred of him than to kiss her without her permission. She must think him depraved. And yet…and yet he’d thought, for a moment, that she had wanted him in return. He replays the soft gasp that escaped her lips in his mind, but instead of exciting him it sends guilt plunging into his stomach. He had heard it as a gasp of need, of mutual desperation, but he should have known better. It might have been a gasp of fear at the thought of what he might force her to do. Her hands on his chest might not have been searching, but resisting. His loneliness crawls under black desert sand like one of the Keres, unfurling its leathery wings, bright eyes hunting him in the darkness. You’re right , she’d hissed, voice filled with revulsion. Her lips were still red from where he’d captured her mouth with his own, the spiteful words spilling from them as though they were second nature to her. You shouldn’t have. Self-contempt fills him, tightness coiling around his heart. The thought of returning to his room and attempting to sleep is unbearable. His feet seem to know where he needs to be before he does and he finds himself standing at a familiar door in the east wing. Its surface is engraved with a single word in High Basic: Aether. He codes into the room, stepping into the brightly lit makeshift technical lab. Smooth white tables are arranged in a hexagon at the edges of the room and silver lamps hang from the ceiling, their circular beams casting harsh light over the floor. He expects to be the first knight to have returned to the palace, but Pasithea already sits cross-legged on the floor, deep in meditation. Behind the slight sixteen-year-old girl, Hecate is bent over one of the tables, working diligently. Pasithea cracks an almond-shaped eye. Her hair falls in a sleek black sheet over her shoulders. Ever observant, she sees more with one eye closed than most do with both eyes open. “Where have you been?” she asks. “We thought you would have been back ages ago.” A faint flush rises over Kylo’s cheeks. Just how long had he and Rey taken on their way back from the Nekromanteion? Time with Rey seemed to have no meaning, slowing to a standstill, or else rushing forward at an unforgiving pace. His eyes flicker to the chronometer on the far wall. It is much later than he expects, just past twenty-three hundred hours. Hecate raises an eyebrow. “I…sorry, I was…” He fumbles over the words, his mouth still heavy with the way Rey had tasted. Like Niiman sugar-spice. He searches for an excuse. “I wanted to make sure that Rey made it safely back to her quarters.” The lie flows so smoothly that he thinks it might pass unnoticed, but Hecate’s eyes narrow. Pasithea looks at him with a mixture of disappointment and disinterest. “All right,” says the child-knight flatly, shaking her head. “I guess we’ll pretend that’s true.” “Are we any closer?” Kylo asks, grasping for a change of subject. Hecate pauses her work to glance at the shell of the Ether. The stark metal and transparisteel frame houses a machine that is as much spiritual as it is mechanical. Its hollow husk dominates the center of the room: dark, eerily empty, its core carved out long ago. “Closer than we were yesterday.” “How much closer?” Kylo asks irritably, the day finally wearing on him. “I don’t know,” Hecate replies noncommittally. “Damn it, Hecate, give me something I can work with!” he orders sharply, lashing out at her impatiently. Without the Ether, contact with the sky-walkers will be impossible. Kylo is not foolish enough to think that the Supreme Leader cares at all about the arcane blood rite. The promise of an armistice is the only reason why Snoke has kept Rey alive; she is a means to an end. Their marriage will be a means to an end. If she will even have you after tonight , a high, cold voice whispers in his mind. “It didn’t exactly come with an instruction manual,” Hecate hisses defensively. She slams her hand flat against the worktable in frustration. “I’m doing everything I can!” There is a silent pause before the hurt in Hecate’s eyes registers, but when it does he immediately regrets taking out his anger on her. Kylo drags his fingers over his forehead. He’d made a mistake with Rey, but Hecate shouldn’t be punished for his lack of restraint. “I know,” he says wearily. “I know you are. I’m sorry.” She doesn’t say anything for a moment, fiddling with the delicate wires and metal gears of the Ether’s core, avoiding his gaze. “We lost some time today with the funeral, but we’re close,” Hecate finally says grudgingly. “Pasithea and I were hoping to test it tonight.” Kylo nods in response. “Do you want me to stay?” “Sure,” Hecate grins connivingly. “We need a lab mouse.” Kylo walks over to her. He cups his hands behind his head into two ears and scrunches his face into something resembling one of the tiny creatures. She laughs finally, the laugh that tells him that he is forgiven. “Help me with this.” She shows him the tiny space where the missing piece of the Ether’s core is. “Without a kyber crystal, the Ether acts pretty much like a long-range transmitter. It won’t be powerful enough to reach the sky-walker ship.” “And with the crystal?” Kylo questions. “As best I can tell from the post-war texts, the crystal is what gives the Ether its power, but it was stripped near the end of the Hundred-Year Night. Before that, it seems that the Ether could project the presence of Force-sensitives to the Eleusis . As long as its other half is still intact, that is.” “So this will all be for nothing if the sky-walkers have dismantled it on their end,” Kylo muses. “Do we have to use this particular crystal? I’m sure the Jinn could be persuaded to part with one of theirs, for a price.” His hand drifts to the far end of the table, brushing over a device that has been kept separate from the other components. The ancient lightsaber is beautifully crafted, with a single emitter that splits into crossblades at the hilt. Kylo is loath to break it open for its precious contents. He has seen few lightsabers in his time and this is the only one currently in the possession of the First Order. No, he thinks, remembering the lightsaber that Hux had confiscated from Kanata’s temple. They now have the Starkiller blade. The thought troubles him, but Hecate does not give him a chance to dwell on it. “This is the crystal that was linked to the core of the Ether on the sky-walker ship,” she says thoughtfully. “I’m not sure exactly what that means, but I doubt any other will work.” “Then I suppose we don’t have a choice,” he replies. “Not unless you want to go there in person.” “I have a feeling the sky-walkers wouldn’t take kindly to that. They’d blast our envoy out of the sky before negotiations could take place.” Hecate places the lightsaber in the center of the table, shifting uneasily. The weapon is a piece of history, constructed hundreds of years ago. Destroying it seems wrong somehow. “Would you like to do the honors?” she asks him, holding up a delicate vibroblade. “Or shall I?” Kylo takes the slender knife-like instrument in hand. He tries to move as gently as possible, but when the vibroblade meets the surface of the lightsaber’s casing, there is a painful crack that splits the air. The metal parts beneath his fingers, revealing the delicate wiring and the smaller focusing crystals within. The heart of the lightsaber is burning red, the color of the dying sun. *** “I sent Thea to bed. Maybe we should get some sleep, too,” Hecate murmurs, cradling a cup of steaming caf in her hands to warm her aching fingers. “Regroup in the morning. I can’t see what we’re doing wrong, but maybe after some rest it’ll come to us.” Kylo kneads the junction between his shoulder and his neck, trying to ease the tension between his shoulder blades. They’ve been working for hours, struggling to translate centuries-old diagrams of the Ether, most of which were written in esoteric High Basic. His fingers are numb from the delicate work of splicing wires, his back aching from bending over the low workstations. Both he and Hecate are still at a loss: everything is exactly as it should be, but the machine is quiet as the Hall of the Fallen. Even Pasithea’s sharp eyes had not been able to find anything amiss. “We’re missing something, or else it would be working,” he says. He looks at the Ether, a faint memory tugging at his mind. The old machine reminds him of something…something that’s just out of his reach. Trying to pin it down is like trying to catch smoke with his hands. “Come on. You need to get some rest,” Hecate nudges him with her boot. He looks up at her. There is concern for him in her deep grey eyes. In that moment, he almost tells her everything. He almost tells her about how Rey has awakened something inside of him that he’d thought long-dead, how she thrills and terrifies him all at once. He almost tells her about Phobetor’s final words to him in the shade world and the heavy weight of his grandfather’s legacy pressing on his chest until it feels as though he is suffocating. He almost tells her that when he closes his eyes, he can see his sword buried in his father’s chest. “You go,” he says quietly. “I just need a minute.” Hecate leans forward, her hands on his shoulders. He wonders, for a brief moment, what they might have been to each other if the will of the Force had not been as it is. If the connection he has with Rey did not burn so brightly. If he had not foreseen Hecate’s death. When her lips brush his cheek, they are cold as a shade’s, and he almost tells her then. But she is so alive in that moment, so worried for him…how can he tell her now that death is stalking her footsteps? And what if he is mistaken? The masnavi would chide him for his foolishness. No man can avoid ananke , even the King of the Dead. “Okay,” Hecate whispers. “Promise me you’ll sleep.” “I promise.” He listens as her quiet footsteps fade away. Maybe she’s right. Maybe he just needs sleep. Or maybe they’re thinking about this all wrong. He closes his eyes, trying to pinpoint what exactly is bothering him. Meditation is Pasithea’s strength, and though he himself has never been good at it, he finds that his exhaustion silences his mind quickly and he slips into that place where everything is quiet. He is a child, and he’s sitting in the cockpit of a ship. The co-pilot’s chair is much too big for him, but he doesn’t need to reach the controls. There are blinking lights and a scratched console, and beyond there is the endless abyss of space, little white pinpricks of stars filling the canopy above him. He finds the Summer Triangle, reciting the names of the stars to himself as a distraction, curling in so that his knees are against his chest. Vega. Altair. Deneb. And then the Eagle. Altair. Alshain. Tarazed...Tarazed and... He forgets the other names, shaking so hard that he hears his teeth chattering. His veins are filled with ice. The thick blanket wrapped around his small shoulders feels paper thin. Shivers run over his skin like little spiders: crawling, clicking, biting. He coughs and something thick and metallic fills his mouth. He tries to count the scratches on the console to keep himself from crying. Like the stars, there are too many to count. Character is written over every inch of the ship. It smells like oil and the slightly charred scent of singed wires. There’s a story behind each gouge, a tall tale behind every mismatched part…it’s what makes the ship beautiful, what makes the hum of the hyperdrive so intoxicating. She’s not perfect, Ben. No good ship is perfect. “Sometimes you just need to give her a good kick,” Kylo whispers. He stands, warmth flooding back into his body. And then he kicks the Ether. Not hard enough to do any damage, just enough to jolt its thousand-year-old core a bit. The Ether sings. *** When Hecate enters her room in the early hours of the morning, Rey does not even try to make herself presentable. She knows her eyes are red and dull from lack of sleep. She has slept in her underdress, which is now wrinkled. The beautiful lace gown is discarded on the floor of her room. Hecate sits down on the side of the bed. For a moment, the knight doesn’t say anything. Instead, she brushes a hand through Rey’s messy hair, and that light touch unlocks all of the hurt that Rey has tried so hard to put aside. “You’re here to tell me that Ren doesn’t want to marry me,” Rey whispers listlessly, hardening herself to accept the final blow of his rejection. “You’re here to tell me that the blood rite has been called off.” Hecate looks surprised. “Why would he call off the blood rite?” Rey shakes her head miserably. “He and I…” She closes her eyes, unable to continue. “I said something…terrible to him.” “Ah,” laughs Hecate softly. “You’ve had words with each other. No wonder he’s in an awful mood. Well, you’re not getting out of the blood rite that easily. We’ve made contact with the sky-walkers.” Rey sits up. “What?” “The Supreme Leader is negotiating with the sky-walker Chancellor as we speak,” Hecate informs her. “That’s why I’ve come here. Get up.” “They don’t need me for this,” Rey protests. “Complaining isn’t going to do you any good, Rey.” “You don’t understand,” Rey pleads desperately, panicking. The memory of Ren’s mouth on hers is still vivid in her mind. The memory of her harsh words is even clearer. “I can’t see him right now, Hecate. Not after…what happened between us.” “Chancellor Organa refuses to accept the terms of peace until she speaks with you alone. So you can come with me willingly, or you can wait for the Red Guards to escort you. Your choice.” *** “You worried?” Thanatos mutters. His dark green eyes flicker nervously over the high-ranking officials gathered in the main hall of the palace. Kylo knows why Thanatos is on edge. It is rare that anyone comes down into the domain of the knights, and those lowly First Order soldiers who do make the descent stay only long enough to carry out their orders. These men are not ordinary stormtroopers, but generals and admirals, their uniforms decorated to denote their ranks. Though they are here at the invitation of the Supreme Leader, Kylo feels the same uneasiness that is written all over Thanatos’s face. Every nerve in his body is humming with a single thought: trespassers . His fist clenches and unclenches as he resists the urge to reach over his shoulder for the reassuring hilt of his sword. At the far end of the hall, he sees Dionysus sitting at the top of the grand steps that lead up to the private quarters, a sheathed scim resting across his knees. A determined gleam is in his eyes. The weapon speaks more powerfully than words: No further. “About Rey?” Kylo replies cautiously, hoping that his voice doesn’t betray him. Thanatos nods and a grim smile crosses Kylo’s face. “Are you worried about her, Thanatos?” “No.” A brief pause. Then Thanatos says, “I think she can handle herself.” “So do I.” “Then why don’t you go and rest? You look dead on your feet.” “There are a hundred reasons why I don’t want Rey anywhere near Snoke,” murmurs Kylo. “If the sky-walker Chancellor speaks with her, and then refuses the terms of the peace treaty…he will have no further use for her.” Thanatos blinks. “He can’t harm her. He might try to twist your marriage for his own purposes, but Snoke can’t interfere with a blood rite. He would be politically crucified if he raised a hand to her. And…” “And?” “She’s not exactly an ordinary girl,” says Thanatos vaguely. “The men talk.” “What do they say?” “She entered the realm of the dead, Kylo,” Thanatos replies, shrugging. “What do you think they say?” “Did you tell anyone?” Kylo asks sharply. “What you found in the Wastes?” “Only the seven. It hasn’t left these walls.” He nods, Thanatos’s assurance alleviating some of his concern. “Good. If the men are already-” But his words falter on his lips. At the top of the stairs is Hecate, and Rey trails along behind her. She is not wearing the lace gown that had so incited him the night before, but is dressed in what he recognizes as a knight’s clothing, borrowed from Pasithea or Hecate or Nyx. Burning skies , he thinks wildly, his throat going dry. Rey’s slender legs are encased in the practical, fitted fabric that is manufactured to endure even the most dangerous journeys into the Wastes. A simple roughspun tunic hugs her frame and a black jacket covers her shoulders. She has found a long belt, double-wrapping it around her hips, and the small detail reminds Kylo of the first time he saw her. She had been wearing a thin flightsuit in anticipation of evacuating her home-ship, the second strand of her brown belt slung low against her thigh. A habit of hers, perhaps. Her eyes are red, from lack of sleep or from crying. Or from both. He knows that the blame in either case rests fully on him. As she draws closer, the men part for her respectfully and Kylo realizes that Thanatos is right. There is awe and a little bit of fear in their eyes. She may be dressed as a knight, but she is still every inch their queen. Thanatos leans toward him and murmurs, “They say she is like you. The blood of the Starkiller prince. They say your blood called her home.” Kylo nearly laughs at their sheer speculation, but then sobers at the seriousness in Thanatos’s eyes. “Chara and Luke weren’t romantically involved.” “Do we know that?” Kylo stiffens. Luke Starkiller was his mother’s brother, the son of Darth Vader. Marriages between cousins are still common among old imperial families, though they have become less so amongst the tribesmen. Houses are merged, alliances built, and vows sworn upon intra-family unions. The practice of keeping gens united by blood goes back centuries, when the world was crueler, the very name of the marriage rite derived from those ancient practices. The connection shouldn’t bother him, but he bristles at the thought of the exiled Jedi and Rey sharing blood. “It’s baseless speculation,” Kylo says finally. “So Chara Demetrius runs away with the Starkiller prince, leaving her husband and the Empire behind to join the Rebellion…because she and Starkiller were platonic friends?” questions Thanatos skeptically. “I’ve had my share of women, Kylo, and there’s not one of them that could convince me to leave the Knights of Ren. Only the purest form of love could provoke such a sacrifice.” “Something of which you know nothing about,” Kylo returns evenly. “True.” Thanatos grins. “But I am not one to deny myself anything. I might be persuaded to expand my range of experiences.” Kylo looks at him. On the surface, his friend’s words seem light, simple…but there is something lurking underneath. A rawness that Kylo has never heard in the other knight’s voice. “Thanatos, don’t you think–” But his friend shakes his head sharply, emerald eyes darting to their right, drawing Kylo’s attention to Hecate and Rey approaching. “Rey,” Thanatos says, taking Rey’s hand and raising it to press a swift kiss to her knuckles. It is a gesture that Kylo would never attempt for fear of looking ridiculous, but somehow Thanatos – lean and scarred and darkly tragic – accomplishes it with practiced dignity. “We really should stop meeting in these early hours. It is wreaking havoc on my good looks.” Rey smiles softly, but the gentleness on her lips disappears when her eyes turn to Kylo. He sees her inhale a small, shuddering breath. In that moment, he desperately wants her alone, though he’s not sure what that could possibly accomplish. “The Chancellor?” she asks, her voice barely louder than a whisper. “They’re expecting you,” Kylo replies quickly, nodding towards the door at his back. Hecate moves to lead her away, but Rey resists. “Can I speak to you?” she asks suddenly. Her hazel eyes – rimmed with red – fall to the floor meekly, as if she very much wishes that the ground would swallow her up. “Privately?” “Kylo,” Hecate says cautiously, biting her lip. “Snoke’s waiting…” “He’ll wait just a little longer,” replies Kylo, but he nods to Hecate reassuringly, letting her know that he is not ignoring her warning. “We’ll only be a few moments.” Relief passes over Rey’s face, and they walk together a short distance, turning into the closest passageway off of the main hall. Rey hesitates, but he touches her arm briefly to reassure her, leading her further into the dimly lit hallway, only stopping when there are no prying eyes. “Rey, I…” She holds up a hand, silencing him. He waits, biting his tongue against the explanations and apologies he is desperate to say to her. Her shoulders shake with the unevenness of her breath. He wonders if he has ruined things between them irrevocably. “Rey,” he says finally. Waiting for her to speak is agony. “Last night,” she whispers, daring to raise her eyes to his. Her voice is soft, tentative, as though the words have surprised her. “I wanted you.” He can’t breathe. Her admission is dizzying. “I just thought…I thought you should know. I regret what I said to you. I regretted it the moment I said it. I was confused. I wanted to hurt you, to protect myself. I wanted you to think that…” She shakes her head, the vulnerability in her eyes telling him what it has cost her to tell him this. “I know you don’t feel the same, and I understand if…if you no longer want to go through with the blood rite. When I talk to the Chancellor, I’ll tell her that I don’t expect anything from you.” Her voice breaks then, trembling with fear at the risk she is taking in telling him this, but there is a composed strength in her eyes that tells him that she means every word. She is giving him a way out now, before the negotiations take place. She is releasing him, even if it means endangering her own life. “Rey,” he murmurs, pulling her close to him. She buries her face against his chest, her hands resting at his sides. He feels her open to him in the Force, feels the bond between them flare to life, and he realizes that after the events of last night they had both instinctively strengthened the barriers in their minds. Those walls crumble now. His whole body aches with relief, the way a bruise is still tender after a hard blow. She is so small against him, so entirely contradictory to his own hard angles and rough fabric and unforgiving armor. Suddenly the negotiations with the sky-walker Chancellor present a bright, dazzling future, scattering the shadowy remnants of his guilt and dread. Rey’s consent burns through him, razing a path through his heart. “It’s all right. Shhh.” Her breathing slows to match his. Her head is barely level with his shoulder and there’s that same maddening scent in her hair, the faint ochre spice of a Niiman desert flame, dark and alluring. “I wanted you, Rey,” he breathes against her hair, stunned at his own boldness. “But I didn’t want you like that. I wanted you to be sure –” She turns her head slightly and brushes her lips just above the thick material of his cloak, and he stops speaking altogether. When her fingers trail along his jawline, he suddenly understands the appeal of trysts in dark alcoves, all the tales of Thanatos’s conquests suddenly making perfect sense. They are only steps away from the main hall. Anyone could wander here and find them pressed against each other. He senses a silvery, wordless flutter pass through their connection. Rey has had the same thought, and it excites her. Her lips trail up his neck to just below his ear, soft and delicate against the pulse jumping in his throat. “Rey…” he cautions her, his body screaming at him to let her continue. It’s as though she knows exactly where to touch him, her lips and fingertips searching over the only exposed skin they can find. He takes in a deep, shuddering breath. “Rey, they’re waiting for–” She bites down gently at the skin near the base of his neck. He practically snarls at the unexpected dose of pain, the feeling of her teeth scraping against his sensitive flesh overwhelming. “ Skies . Rey.” His hands tangle in her hair and he pulls her away, looking down at her. Her pretty eyes are wide at the sound of the single syllable of her name on his lips, looking at him innocently. His breath comes in shallow gasps and he feels his cock hardening beneath the bronze metal and leather of his ceremonial armor. By the Fallen, what is she doing to him? Her gaze flickers down to his mouth invitingly, but he hesitates, wanting to kiss her less than he wants her to kiss him. He doesn’t have to wait long. She closes the distance between them, wrapping her arms around his shoulders to bring him down to her level, fisting her hands into his cloak. The softness of her mouth on his sends a renewed thrum of desire through him. This time there is no hesitation in the kiss; she is bolder, her movements unhurried despite the fact that they could easily be discovered. “You said that you have many names,” she pulls away from him to murmur softly. “What should I call you?” His eyes flicker briefly to the unbroken light at the end of the hallway, making certain that they are alone. But then her mouth captures his again, her tongue darting curiously over his bottom lip. Her touch drifts over his shoulders, light as a desert wind, roaming over the bronze armor covering his chest. He finds the double loop of her belt and tugs her possessively into him, loving the way her back arches against him. When she feels his hardness pressing into her stomach, she gasps softly into his mouth and her eyes flutter open. Kylo’s stills, wondering for a moment if he has overstepped, but then she instinctively presses her hips flush against him. Her hazel eyes look at him questioningly and he realizes that she is still waiting for an answer. “Anything you like, salt-mouse,” he says lowly, attempting to salvage his control. The muted light of the hallway sends lovely shadows dancing across her face, and he fights the urge to drag her further into the passage. There is a brightness in her eyes that tells him she might let him. But there is no time for any of the numerous things he wants to do with her. “I’ve been calling you ‘Ren.’” She frowns, apparently disliking the name. “But no one else calls you that.” “Many people call me that.” “Not the knights,” she points out. “Not the people who know you.” “No,” he says, considering her. “What should I call you?” she repeats. “Kylo,” he tells her finally, giving her his familiar name. “ Kylo ,” she breathes. She lifts herself up on her toes to press a soft, chaste kiss against his lips, and somehow he can taste his name there. But it isn’t the name she has spoken. *** Rey steps into a room that burns red, not with heat, but with a blazing light like scarlet-gold sparks scattering off of a fire. Kylo’s hand presses gently against the small of her back. She knows that it is meant to be reassuring, but after the heated way she had kissed him in the abandoned hallway of the palace, his touch only sends desire pooling low in her stomach. She attempts to put aside the memory of the kiss, but her mind keeps running over the way his breath had stopped when she’d pressed her lips against the pale skin of his neck. A faint blush rises over her cheeks at the memory of her own forwardness. She’d only wanted to talk to him, to make the events of the previous night right between them, to tell him the truth. Instead she’d ended up with her tongue entangled with his and the unmistakable evidence of his arousal pressed against her abdomen. She bites her lip at the thought. Her experience with kissing had been limited to a few brief encounters with Eleusian boys: swift, gentle kisses that warmed her or sometimes hurried, messy kisses that never progressed beyond the dark corners of stairwells or empty training rooms. And then there had been Dameron. Poe was much older than her, but she had liked him so, so much, their friendship developing naturally over months as she and Jessika prepared the Millennium Falcon with a remote agritech lab for its voyage. With Poe, there was talking and long walks and early morning laughter in the mess hall before the day started. But the closer they got to each other, the more uncertain he became. He was leaving, and she…she was staying behind. The day he’d left on the Millennium Falcon ’s voyage was the first and only time he ever kissed her. It had been her first kiss with a man , deep and intense, and she had barely slept the first three months he was away. Kylo Ren has razed those memories to the ground. His mind is connected to hers in a way that both scares her and makes her crave more. What she feels for him is not as simple or as complicated as love. It is something else, something wild and archaic. When he touches her, she feels as though she is standing in the atrium of the Eleusis , the durasteel covering of the port doors thrown wide open so that her small body is only separated from the vastness of the universe by a thin layer of transparisteel. When he speaks her name, she feels as though she is one small crack away from her own destruction, and at the same time alive with the brightness of the heavens. His hand against her back is the only thing holding her inside her own body. “Kylo,” says the Supreme Leader. Rey flinches, sharply drawn out of her thoughts by Snoke’s deep, ancient voice. She hates the way Ren’s familiar name sounds coming from Snoke, something possessive rising up inside of her. “Supreme Leader,” replies Ren, inclining his head respectfully. The Supreme Leader is seated on a simple chair in the center of the sparse room. The small space is lit by a machine that is familiar and yet unfamiliar to Rey. She gasps when she recognizes it, realizing that it is the twin of the Ether on the Eleusis , finally understanding how the First Order had managed to make contact with the sky-walkers above. Kylo steps away from her, toward Snoke, holding out his right arm. The Supreme Leader takes it, using it to rise from the chair. It is clear to Rey that the old man’s body is broken. She looks over the myriad of scars on his face, her stomach churning at the sight of his sunken cheek. She wonders with disturbed fascination what had happened to him. “Thank you, my child,” he says hoarsely to Kylo. Rey grits her teeth. She can’t place it, but the dynamic between the Supreme Leader and his knight is unsettling. Snoke turns his colorless eyes to her. “Demetrius.” It takes a moment for Rey to realize that Snoke is addressing her. She has never been called by her familial name. She mirrors Kylo’s words with a respectful tilt of her head. “Supreme Leader.” “I hope you understand your importance to the negotiations at hand,” he says. “It is against my better judgment that I allow you to speak with your Chancellor alone, but she made it clear that there would be no accord without a private audience with you. I’m sure you realize that there will be dire consequences, for both my people and yours, should these negotiations fail.” Rey hears the quiet threat in his words. “They will not fail,” she promises. When Snoke does not reply, she turns her back to him and takes a few hesitant steps toward the Ether. She holds her hand out, her fingertips a hair’s breadth away from the transparisteel shell, close enough that she can feel the vibration of the machine in her body even without touching it. “I’ll be right here,” Ren says at her side, low and quiet, his eyes black as night. “To bring you back.” “Technically, I’m not really going anywhere.” His lips curve into a small smile. “Don’t take long.” She presses her palm against the machine and the Ether sends her hurtling through air and blazing light. A divine white flame licks at her skin and sparks fly around her, blinding and scorching hot, and when it stops… She is home. *** Rey knows immediately that something is wrong with the Eleusis . Though she is not physically here , she feels the chill in the air as a tangible, spiritual thing through the Force. She is standing in a small, unfamiliar room, the sky-walker Ether humming with life before her, but everything else feels…cold, quiet, still. Chancellor Organa steps toward her, clothed in a thick wool garment that falls from her shoulders to her feet. Golden light spills over the heavy cloak and reflects in her dark eyes, so different from the harsh crimson light of the Ether’s counterpart on the earth below. Leia lets out a soft breath. It solidifies on the air, a white smoke that curls away and disappears. Organa steps forward and Rey knows instantly that these past days have held suffering and pain for them both. There is a sadness in the Chancellor’s eyes, a terrible weight on her shoulders. Rey wants to wrap her arms around the old woman, both for Leia’s sake and her own, but she senses that the Ether will restrict her from touching anything here. “Rey, I’m so glad they let you come alone,” Leia says. “I’m so relieved you’re safe.” “I don’t have much time,” Rey replies simply. “Then we must be quick,” Organa says, lifting the hem of her cloak and stepping forward, a determined look in her eyes. “Come with me. I have something you need to see.” Rey feels the Ether shudder the moment she steps from the room, a tremor in the Force tugging her back. She resists, following the Chancellor through a dark passageway. The lights have all been darkened and the ship is silent aside from the low whine of the drives beneath them. Wrong, wrong, wrong , something chants inside of her. “Chancellor, what is going on here?” Rey whispers, a feeling of dread settling in the pit of her stomach. They turn a corner, and she immediately knows where they are heading. Organa is leading her to the Eleusian fields. “The Eleusis has been greatly weakened,” Leia replies. “A few days after the attack, we realized that the support systems were failing. All energy was redirected to functions necessary to support life.” “How is that possible?” Rey asks in disbelief. “The damage was superficial. A minor hull breach. We’ve sustained far worse.” “We were never meant to live here. The Eleusis was only ever built to sustain humanity for a few hundred years, and she has gifted us with nearly a thousand. This ship is old now, Rey, and very frail…The attack was merely the death blow.” Organa codes into the heavy blast doors that lead to the fields. Rey steps inside and her heart is suddenly seized with grief. It is like standing in the shade-wood, everything the inverse of what it should be. The soil that should have been rich and warm, giving beneath her feet slightly, looks hard as rock. The wheat is dead, crumbled on the ground, its stalks frozen to their core. Frost covers everything: the lamps overhead, the circulation vents, the walls, the fields themselves. Everything is death. Everything is… Winter . The word is both familiar and unfamiliar to Rey, its meaning distorted by her inability to conceptualize it. She has read it before, but has rarely heard it spoken aloud. Winter is a word for darker times, times of scarcity and starvation and meager survival. She feels Kylo Ren in her mind, feels his presence miles below her, his concern at the sudden surge of emotion within her. The Ether pulls at her, threatening to drag her back to the earth below, but she clings on. “We have months, if that, before we are forced to the ground.” “You can’t,” Rey protests, stricken. “Chancellor, you can’t . If you come to earth, there will be war.” “I have no other choice.” “What about the Falcon ?” Rey asks, clinging to that faint hope. The Chancellor shakes her head. “The worlds they visited are uninhabitable. There isn’t time to send out another voyage. Rey, there isn’t time . I know it is wrong...so cruel of me to ask this of you. But this treaty…it can give us the time we need.” “To do what?” Rey whispers. “To prepare to fight.” “You can’t win,” Rey tells her, trying to make her understand. The Ether hisses angrily now; her time is coming to an end. “Chancellor, please listen to me. You can’t win a fight against the First Order. They have ships...weapons... armies !” “We would not be alone in our fight,” Leia says gently. “There are those who resist the First Order. We would have allies on the ground.” Stunned, Rey steps back. “What...what do you mean? Do you... How do you know that?” “Rey, listen carefully. If the Supreme Leader knows who you are, he already considers you a great threat. But if he begins to suspect that you know who you are…you would be executed. It is only your ignorance that has kept you alive this long.” It takes a moment for Rey to understand the full meaning of the Chancellor’s warning. “You...you knew ?” she chokes out, taking a step back. Disbelief and anger surge through her. Rey had known, in the back of her mind, that when she was delivered to the Eleusis as a child, she would have been delivered to someone, but for Leia to have known and not told her hurts worse than any physical pain. “You knew where I came from?” “I knew that you were in danger,” whispers Leia desperately. “I knew…that you were being…hunted. You were not safe on earth, Rey…” “Did you know my parents?” Rey gasps. “No, Rey, I didn’t. I knew very little of your life before. I only know what he told me…“ Tears blur Rey’s eyes, but she wipes them away angrily. The Chancellor has lied to her for years. Years of loneliness and waiting and longing for reasons that she couldn’t even understand. “Who? Who told you?” Rey demands. The blazing brightness of the Ether fills her eyes, sparks flying around the edges of her vision. Her bones feel the heat of its insisting grasp, and still she fights against it. She knows that it is dangerous to resist, that it will arouse Snoke’s suspicions if she lingers, but her anger makes her selfish. She needs to know . “Leia, please...tell me!” “You are not alone there, Rey, but you must be careful. Find the Widow. She will help you, until I can get you out…until then, the treaty will be your protection. But only until then, Rey. I will not leave you in the hands of an enemy.” “You don’t understand. The earth is where I come from. The earth is where I belong ,” Rey cries. “Why can’t you just tell me-?” But the Ether rips her apart, dragging her away through the bright air and scorching heat. She returns to herself, shaking, barely conscious, the effort of fighting the pull of the Ether draining everything she has left in her. She can feel the chill of the palace floor seeping through her clothes; everything is cold after the blazing fire of the Ether. Somewhere above her, Kylo’s voice, raw with concern for her and heavy with relief, is calling her name. Rey…Rey… “I’m fine,” she answers, surfacing as if from the depths of an icy lake. Warmth is slowly flooding into her, starting at the places where he has touched her. She shivers, pushing herself off the ground, drawing on some unknown reserve of strength within her to stand. “She accepted,” Rey lies, looking unflinchingly into Snoke’s eyes. “She accepted the terms of the armistice.” Notes: Please take a moment to comment! I know I'm behind on answering them, but I always read them all!!! I would apologize for the long wait between chapters, but in fairness, I did also manage to write a two-shot this month! Thanks to everyone who read and reviewed that fic - it gave me a little creative breather from this one. A big thank you to my beta smols-darklighter for giving wonderful advice on this chapter and being a patient sounding board for my ideas. :)