exquisite - kylo ren Summary: he placed his hands on my mind before reaching for my waist my hips or my lips he didn't call me beautiful first he called me exquisite -rupi kaur "how he touches me" Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) He reached past the barriers of your mind easily, tendrils of his consciousness seeping into yours as he looked and looked and looked. You felt his mind wrapping around yours, engulfing every thought and feeling until you couldn't tell what was yours and what was his. And you knew he was drinking it in like a dying man, chest filling with all these new emotions and concepts. And what's more, you didn't flinch, didn't cry out and push away from the gentle brush of his mind in your own. The first time he takes off his mask, there's something gentle hiding behind the stolidity he’s known for. His lips twitch and he takes a step forward, dark eyes burning into yours as he once more delves into your base consciousness. Exquisite , he tells you. You believe him. Notes: Hey guys, hope you're enjoying this little booklet I've decided to put together. Now, we all know my updates are erratic at best, but these little drabbles always help me out when inspirations a bit low or I'm not feeling quite myself. Regular updates aren't guaranteed, but I will post whenever I get the chance. Having said that, I am open to requests, but be aware that they might not be filled right away if at all. Feel free to leave behind some feedback and maybe a character or poem you'd like to see, maybe both! Much love, guys! Chapter 2 : break - hux Summary: it always comes back to you boils circles itches its way back to you -rupi kaur Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You try not to think of him anymore. You try not to remember his scathing words, eyes blue as the ocean you’d long since forgotten burning like fires. You try not to remember the way he’d left you so abruptly, like you were expendable and he'd only just realized it. But most of all, you try not to think of him at night when you're back in your quarters, bed cold underneath you. You try not to think of those impossibly blue eyes drinking in your features like he was trying to memorize his favorite poem. You try not to think about those pretty pink lips parting and unparting against your skin as he drowned his worries with you. You try not to think about hair red as fire, cascading through your fingers like magma when you pulled and tugged as he showered you in affection all his own. It's always worse at night, you realize. Notes: :^) Chapter 3 : revolutions - poe dameron Summary: every revolution starts and ends with his lips -rupi kaur Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) He looks at you for a moment, nervous energy warm and bright behind his honeyed gaze. And then his hands are on your waist and his mouth moves like water against your lips, cool and refreshing and the only thing keeping you attached to the ground. And his hands feel like home as they move to your hips, all broad heat and quiet strength. He kisses you until Snap calls him, until Jess shifts nervously because she's not sure if she should break it up or not, not sure if she should step in between such a fragile embrace. And he kisses you still, until you push at his chest and he's stumbling half-dazed to his fighter, his mind in his head but his heart in your chest. When he gets back, singed hair and bruised skin and bloody lips, he kisses you until everything goes quiet and he can stop being Black Leader and he can become Poe Dameron. Notes: feedback is always appreciated! :) Chapter 4 : pluck - obi-wan kenobi Summary: you wrap your fingers around my hair and pull this is how you make music out of me -rupi kaur, "foreplay" Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You unfurl slowly, at first. Soft and pliant under his hands, you let him guide you the way he so pleases, let him control you in his own unique style. He’s gentle with you, calloused fingers unhurried as they flutter against your skin, hot like licking flames. He kisses new life into you, breathes new air into your lungs as you rut and rock against him, taking and giving and taking and giving. When one hand weaves it’s way into your hair, you unravel all at once, head thrown back as he kisses little promises against your skin. Later, he’ll tell you your moans are the prettiest song he’s ever heard. Notes: :^) Chapter 5 : unravel - ben solo Summary: i am undoing you from my skin -rupi kaur Notes: Feel free to request a character and I'll try and whip something up! Preferably Star Wars and Marvel only, please! You see him in the mirror sometimes, remnants of his fingers on your skin and his bruises on your neck. You know they're not there–you tell yourself they were never there, even if you still feel his hands against your body and his warmth in your veins. He’d told you once you'd never lose him, he was woven so tightly around you–inside you. You'd tell him now he was wrong, because now you're tearing out the thread stitch by stitch, fray by fray. You scrub away the marks on your skin and will away the phantom breaths. He's not here anymore, you tell yourself. You're starting to believe it. Chapter 6 : distance - anakin skywalker Summary: you were so distant i forgot you were there at all -rupi kaur Notes: As requested by Leilani, Anakin as he begins to succumb to the dark. Enjoy! :) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You notice it first in the way he embraces you. You can feel it in his very presence, swirling and unsure, lips hot and heavy against your mouth. His kiss is not gentle, not soft and playful and light the way you'd come to love. There's something darker, something akin to possessiveness that lingers when he pulls you closer and digs his fingers into your skin. It's menacing, whatever it is, ominous and cold and so unlike him it leaves you close to breathless. And then you feel it in the way he falls into himself, when he stops holding you at night and his kisses come less and less. You feel it through the bond you share, flowing like acid through his veins as it slowly takes hold. There's someone different under his skin, you think, because this is not the man you've come to know so intimately. When he tells you he loves you for the last time, you bite back the urge to tell him you forgot he was ever your Anakin at all. Notes: Leave a request, if you'd like. Chapter 7 : wants - kylo ren Summary: he says (i am sorry I am not an easy person to want) i look at him surprised (who said I wanted easy i don't crave easy i crave goddamn difficult) -rupi kaur Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) And there's something sad in those big dark eyes, those viewports to a universe he’s yet to share with anyone else. You curl your fingers into his hair and smile. You are always enough , you think, spreading yourself so bare before him, drowning in his tepid gaze. I love you. I love you. I love you . He sighs, the kind that makes chests rattle and throats burn. And then he kisses you once, twice, three times until his name on your lips his all you know, until he tastes nothing but the breath in your lungs and the beating of your heart. I know , he tells you, warm and muted. I’m sorry . Notes: :^) Chapter 8 : solo - hux Summary: you move my hand between my legs and whisper (make those pretty little fingers dance for me) -rupi kaur, "solo performance" Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) His hands move like the tides, sure and steady, grazing every bit of skin available to him. First on your arms, he trails a path up and down, fires burning under your skin and new nerves awakened. When he moves to brush a knuckle against your sex, you arch into his touch. When he takes your hand in his and presses it into your cunt, you almost let go, stars exploding behind closed eyes, nerve-endings dancing and singing as he pulls his touch from your skin and let's you control your endeavours. “Touch yourself for your General,” he whispers, low and raspy and utterly wrecked. “Let him witness you come undone under your own pretty hands.” You cry out as your fingers press deeper. Notes: This particular chapter will most likely have a sequel! :^) Chapter 9 : fill - poe dameron (nsfw) Summary: Just like real sex, the touching was good, but there came a point in time when a woman needed to be filled - deeply. -Lacey Alexander, Voyeur. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was nice, yes. Enjoyable. Nobody knew your body and its ticks quite like you; the ins and outs that made you squirm and mewl. You knew what spots to graze, how to curl your fingers just so to have your body yield to your own touch, free hand playing with your sensitive nub. You knew when to squeeze your own breasts and how to twist your nipple to really get you going, to really get your hips bucking into your hand as you cried out in ecstasy. But it wasn't complete, not the way you needed it to be. You knew what you needed–yes, that much was true. You could almost feel the phantom pressure of a cock– his cock–thrusting into your wanting cunt, nice and firm and demanding in its every thrust. You could imagine him fucking into you, heavy hands holding you close as you milked his cock for everything it had. You could imagine his fingers, warm and calloused as they played with your clit. His mouth, hot and demanding, sucking at your nipples teeth grazing, growling low in his throat. A louder sound, more desperate, higher pitched, echoed around the empty room. He was on his way to your quarters anyway, but when he heard the echoing moans and pants he couldn't help himself. So lost to your own pleasure did you fail to notice the door creaking open, his lips twisting into a smirk as your unbidden visitor quietly shut the door and rid himself of his clothes. You knew it was him the moment he lumbered onto your bed, the sweet smell of oil and sweat captivating your senses as he replaced your fingers with his own. And you cried out, his digits thicker, stretching you better. He grinned, and his cock twitched against your thigh as you bounced back against every move of his hand. “Poe, please!” And he was whispering dirty things into your ear as he pulled his fingers out, as he easily thrust inside of you with one quick roll of his hips, cock splitting you so nice and brimming you so full. You were gone right away, clenching wildly around him as he fucked you through your orgasm and straight into his own. And even then he didn't stop, reaching deeper and hitting harder. It was exactly what you needed. And after another few rigorous orgasms, when he was still and panting on top of you, muscles still spasming, you finally felt whole again. Notes: ;) Chapter 10 : veins - kylo ren Summary: it is your blood in my veins tell me how i’m supposed to forget -rupi kaur Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) He's your brother, you tell himself. He didn't mean it, you think. But you don't believe it, not anymore as your father’s body lurches over the bridge and he's spiraling into the dark abyss below. You can't believe it, not as the last of the light leaves his eyes like it was never there at all, as someone screams from somewhere and he doubles over when he's blasted in the side. It's like you're underwater, sounds muted and warped. You can feel everything, until you're not sure whose heart is beating in whose chest, whose fury belongs to who, and whether or not you’re feeling your tears burn behind your eyes or his own. Ben, Ben, Ben. He glares at you then, angry and conflicted. Forget that name. Ben has been dead for a long, long time. I don't believe you , you want to think, but he's already sweeping across the bridge, force signature seeping furious rage as he bounds along. Ben, Ben, Ben. How could I forget when our blood is the same? Notes: Feel free to leave a request, whether it be a poem you want to see done or a character! :) Chapter 11 : embers - rey Summary: how do you turn a forest fire like me so soft i turn into running water -rupi kaur Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) She doesn't say anything when she finds you, anger burning hot and red in your chest, raging across your skin in tendrils of an ungovernable power. She need only reach for you and you know that will be all it takes for everything to come to a screeching halt, for your hatred to give way to soft embers, shadows of what it could've been. But she doesn't, and she lets you burn and burn and burn until there's nothing left and the magma in your veins turns to rushing water, cold and unforgiving, until you don't think about anything at all because the effort is simply too taxing. When you collapse in her embrace, you wonder how she does it; how she quenches the fire that constantly burns under your skin until it's nothing short of ice. When you talk again, days later, you'll tell her why you were so angry this time. “You weren't there,” you’ll say. “I know,” she’ll respond. Notes: :) Chapter 12 : craft - luke skywalker Summary: the universe took its time on you crafted you precisely so you could offer the world something distinct from everyone else so when you doubt how you were created you doubt an energy greater than us both -rupi kaur Notes: Requested by rain_on_a_cloudy_day! There was no specific pairing, so I figured I'd give Luke a try. Forgive the lack of romance, but I think this particular plot fit well with the poem. Also, I picture him as an Obi-Wan type figure in his exile, so take that as you will. Enjoy! It's there when he finds you, lingering behind your consciousness even if your mind is supposedly blank. He can feel it undulating through your signature, pulsing with every beat of your heart and shaking with every breath that leaves your lungs. It shouldn't be there, that much is obvious, but he's never fully been able to make you see your own potential. Self-doubt is crippling in all its forms. So he sits next to you as you try to meditate, and he delves into the training bond so his mind tunes itself to yours. You are worth more than you think, young apprentice. To doubt yourself is to doubt the Force. You visibly stiffen, back muscles coiling tightly, shoulders tensing uncontrollably. You try to push him out of your head, but you're not strong enough. You sigh. I am unskilled and untrained, Master. Maybe the Force was wrong in choosing me. I'm not what you think I am. You feel him smile, and you imagine the corners of his wizened eyes crinkling in his age. The Force works in mysterious ways, padawan. It's plans for you are far greater than either of us could ever imagine. Give it time. Do not ever doubt it, for it knows when you fear it and yourself. It is a gift, and you should harness it as such. He pulls out of your mind then, and you hear the shifting of fabric as he hefts himself to his feet. Before he leaves, he places a gentle hand on the top of your head. “And you are right,” he says, tone soft. “About what I think, I mean. You are so much more.” Chapter 13 : transgress - kylo ren Summary: here, your name; ghost and god – / a rosary i recite with teeth. -Scherezade Siobhan, from “come palabra,” Father, Husband. Notes: As requested by spectre! I took some liberties with this one, but overall I hope you enjoy it! If things were different, he might've felt anything more than the cold twist in his gut. Kylo Ren is a sinner, swathed in the blood of the innocent and the cries of those he betrayed. He cannot afford to feel anything more than emotions fueled by the flames of his fury. He cannot afford soft things. He is a sinner, through and through. So by any right, he shouldn't have given into you in the first place, such a soft and pliant being under his hands. He shouldn't have let you in at all, because it hurts now as he clenches his fist around the hilt of his saber, buried deep in your flesh, sizzling and crackling like the fire he feels in his chest. He can feel the weakness in your limbs as you clutch his shoulder for support, hear the telltale rattle in your breath that means he's done his job and he's done it right . It's sickening and gratifying all at the same time, and he feels his hatred stitch itself to his very veins, an itch that he will never be able to scratch away. Weeks later, when he is a hollowed out soldier, he pretends he doesn’t remember the way your body felt under his hands when he murdered you. His greatest sin, it seems, was you all along. Chapter 14 : memory - anakin skywalker Summary: –as if to say, the lives we live before the present moment are graves we walk away from. Except we don’t. We’re all pillars of salt. -Lisel Mueller, “Place and Time” Notes: Written for an irl friend. Enjoy, love! His smile warms you, greets you soft and welcoming like the gentlest of breezes. It's fleeting – the man next to him nudges him and steals his attention, but it's everlasting – it claws at your chest until it's rooted into your ribs and your heart beats in rhythm with the strange pulsing hum that wraps itself around you. Whatever it is feels familiar, holds you like you're an old friend, whispers sweet little nothings into the silence of your mind. That's the first time you really feel complete. * The half-truth is that you loved him, irrevocably and undeniably. The other half is that he loved you back, just not enough to prevent the inevitable. The Force works in mysterious ways, you’ll later tell yourself, skin cracking under the twin suns of Tatooine. Anakin was always meant for what became of him. You were always meant for the salt under your skin, memories turned to stone that drag you under the blistering desert sand. And if this is your grave, you’ll pretend you always knew. Chapter 15 : rest - hux Summary: "I am completely at your command. Half of the things you do you might as well turn over to me and I will do them - quickly and correctly." -author unknown Notes: As requested by smutwritingangel! Please enjoy! He's hunched at his desk tonight, complexion paler than usual. The bags under his eyes speak volumes. They map out the sleepless nights spent worrying over the fate of the Order; his duties as General and the looming war. He is tense – far more than what is considered regular, and he doesn't even look over his desk when you enter his personal cabin, jaw clenched taut as he reads and rereads the data on his holopad. “It's late,” you murmur. “I've much to do,” he responds, tersely. You sigh. There's no getting him away from it, that you're sure of, but you move behind him anyway and press your hands against his tense shoulders, leaning down so he can feel the heat of your chest against his back. He relaxes immediately, much to his chagrin. “My general,” you murmur, soft, lips brushing against the skin just below his ear. “At least let me help you. Let me ease your workload. You're only a man, my love. There's only so much you can take. I can handle it.” He hesitates, but you know you have him if the way he leans into your touch is anything to go by. He sets the tablet down and nods, sharp, and you allow yourself this simple little victory, smiling as he shifts enough to catch your lips in a surprisingly gentle kiss. It's enough, for now. Chapter 16 : nox - ben solo Summary: it has always been you and you have always been love. and this love that violently screams out of you is changing me. it is changing the way i give myself to the world. my sweet little love, you are the death of me, but you have not killed me just yet. -r.m drake Notes: Requested by another personal friend of mine. Hope you enjoy, my love!! He doesn't know what it feels like. It's a rootless, stinging itch, burning through his veins until he feels like he's being carved from the inside out. It's more annoying than anything - Kylo Ren is used to pain, after all - but it still leaves him breathless and unsure as he stumbles blearily through the corridor that will ultimately lead him to you. Kylo Ren. The name leaves a bitter taste under his tongue. He has to remember that the name no longer holds any significance to him. He isn't the monster in the mask any longer. He's just Ben, now. Just Ben like he was before he left everything behind, before he left you behind. Just Ben like he was before he was thrown onto a path no one dared follow. Just Ben like he was before he brought the Galaxy to it’s knees at the mere mention of the power housed within the cage of his body. He swallows thickly, slowing to a stop when your door comes into view. It harshly knocks him out of his thoughts, grounding him to the present as the door slides open with a hiss and you stare up at him pleadingly, knees already buckling as he catches you with an arm around your waist. “You always were perceptive,” he says, breathless as you curl into the warmth of his embrace. He's surprised, immensely so, but he doesn't complain as you dig your fingers into his shirt so tight you might as well have been stitched into the fabric. “I always knew,” you respond, voice level despite the emotions raging through you like a hurricane. “I knew you wouldn't leave me forever, Ben. I knew it.” Something twists in his chest, gnarled and bitter, but there's something else there too, something gentle and soft that flutters in his belly as he breathes in the scent of your hair. Everything leaves him in that moment, and as far as he is concerned nothing exists outside of this treasured embrace, tucked inside the doorway of your tiny little cabin. He sighs. “You brought me back,” he says, quiet. “It was you. It was always you." Chapter 17 : reverent - luke skywalker Summary: i know i should crumble for better reasons but have you seen that boy he brings the sun to its knees every night -rupi kaur Notes: As requested by immortalkaos80, here's some romantic Luke Skywalker. Enjoy! ;) He holds you close tonight. It's warm under your covers, bodies pressed so close to each other there's no room for the cold. You don't mind. You like when he gets like this: desperate for you in a gentle sort of way. It's sweet. Breathing in the scent of your hair, he sighs, turning into you as the very last of the sound leaves his lips. He curls around you protectively, face pressed against the top of your head, arms tight around your waist. It feels safe and warm and you can't help but press closer, needy for him in ways you know you shouldn't be. He's a Jedi after all, and you're the strongest pilot the Rebellion has right after him. He shouldn't give in to this kind of temptation and you should easily be able to resist him, but the universe works in strange ways and you find that yours starts and ends with him. He smiles against you, chuckling softly into the silence of the room as you scoot even closer and everything just sort of fades away until there's nothing but you and him. It's him, you tell yourself as his lips meet the skin of your forehead. You're glad it's him that's made you so soft. Chapter 18 : supine - finn (FN-2187) Summary: i like my body when it is with your body. It is so quite new a thing. Muscles better and nerves more. i like your body. i like what it does, i like its hows. i like to feel the spine of your body and its bones, and the trembling - firm-smooth ness and which i will again and again and again kiss, i like kissing this and that of you, i like, slowly stroking the, shocking fuzz of your electric fur, and what-is-it comes over parting flesh … And eyes big love-crumbs, and possibly i like the thrill of under me you so quite new -e.e cummings Notes: Have some Finn love. Lord knows he doesn't get enough! ;) He's not sure how to handle it, the feeling of you so soft and gentle underneath him. It's overwhelming in the best of ways, the gentle warmth of your body as you sigh and pull him closer, skin smooth against his own. It's such a new experience, to feel this kind of raw connection with someone else, this kind of closeness with another body. He can't help but whimper as you catch his bottom lip between your teeth, thighs tightening around his hips as you beckon him closer. He loves it all, everything you're giving him. The sounds, the touches, the kisses. Its too much and not enough all at the same time. It drives him up the wall as your fingers skim the skin of his belly, lower and lower still until your fingers are wrapped around him the way he's been yearning for and oh , that's the feeling of him slipping past your folds, and the warmth of your pussy as you unconsciously clench around his cock. He grunts, low and needy, and when he opens his eyes as he softly begins thrusting, he swears he's never seen anyone or anything quite so beautiful. Chapter 19 : light - hux Summary: i have tried to forget your light, the way it breaks me open, even now, and makes me speak, how it glitters in the gutters up and down eighth avenue, swirling in pools of snowmelt, so many sparkling tea leaves i still read for signs of you. —keetje kuipers Notes: Another request by the lovely spectre! Enjoy, love! :) He mourns in private. It's in the form of sleepless night after sleepless night, riddled with what-ifs and the simple thought that he easily could've prevented it. It was beyond his capabilities, that much he knew, but it does little to mitigate the sting in his throat whenever he thinks of you. His failure as your General, and more than that as your protector burns like acid in his veins. You, the only thing pure and good to ever come into his possession. You, the only light that seemed to brighten the utter bleakness of his life. You, the one thing Hux truly and utterly loved. Lost because he was careless. It feels like a part of himself was taken, like his heart had died with you, had spiraled into the vast expanse of space, had been obliterated in a pretty explosion of gold and red. He curses and takes a sip of his tea, nearly choking on it because it tastes just like your lips and the warmth is reminiscent of the heat of your skin. It doesn't surprise him when he hurls his glass across the emptiness of his lonely quarters. Guilt grips him cold and tight like a vice, choking him with it’s vile pressure. He still sees you, bright and soft the way he'd always remember you, even if he wanted nothing more than to forget. He still hears your voice, the gentle beating of your heart under his own skin. It's crippling and awful and agonizing but he doesn't mind it much because at least you're there now, if only a pitiful delusion born from his grief and the lack of sleep. Hux would never consider himself desperate, would never usually let himself feel so weak and inferior. But after that night, well. He makes sure to order more of your favorite kind of tea. Chapter 20 : truth - poe dameron Summary: we began with honesty let us end in it too -rupi kaur, "us" Notes: This one, admittedly, got away from me, so it's much longer than the rest. I hope you enjoy, nonetheless! :) You're young, the first time you fall in love with him. Neither one of you quite understands love and it’s many, many virtues, so it's a pure, honest thing. It's fleeting touches, hands grazing hands and the swirling of butterflies in the pit of your belly. It's blushing cheeks and wide smiles, and the fast thu-thump thu-thump thu-thump of hearts set racing. He tells you he wants to be a pilot. You tell him you’ll follow him wherever the universe takes him. * The universe takes and takes and takes, it turns out. Poe learns this when you don't come home from Luke’s new Jedi Academy, or whatever it is. He stops feeling, after that. It's all plastic smiles with him, false charm and an impenetrable can-do attitude. It gets him by, and even if he's lying to everyone else, he knows it's what you would've wanted. He doesn't know that you're still alive. It's better that way. * The metal is cold on his back. It doesn't matter though, every ounce of his body is already set aflame with pain. The cool is almost soothing, really. Kylo Ren already tore him open, sifted through his brain like it was nothing more than an open book. He's not sure what else he has to give save for BB-8 and the map, and he's hoping he’ll die first before he reveals that. But Kylo Ren found and Kylo Ren took, and now he's waiting for his return so all of this can end. The door opens, but it's not Ren who steps through, but it takes him a moment to figure that out. They're dressed similar, and the helmet doesn't help in the slightest, but you’ve always been rather small and it shows now, even after years of training. “Would you like me to remove my helmet?” He's surprised at the softness of your voice behind the modulator, distinctly feminine even through the lowered pitch. He only nods, too weak to speak and too frightened to try. And when it clatters to the floor with the thunk of metal on metal, Poe feels his heart sink through his chest. And then he's struggling in his restraints, ignoring the pain it ignites because nothing can hurt him anymore, not after this. “Why,” he seethes, tears building in his eyes as you watch uninterested. “You left me. You left us .” “We were honest in the beginning,” you say, when he finally calms. “And we will be honest until the end.” You step forward and place your hand against his cheek, thumb grazing the skin before you slide it up to rest against his temple. “For your sake, I suggest closing your eyes. I've never been as gentle as Kylo.” You tut softly as he continues to glare. And then: “I really did love you, Poe. It's a shame it's come to this.” Everything goes black, and he knows nothing but the agony of his mind being torn asunder. * You're broken, the last time you fall in love with him. He stares at you with something like pity, honeyed brown eyes no longer warm the way you remember them. Whatever they did blocked your abilities, and you're left a cold, shaking mess. You still feel that skip in your heartbeat, no longer suppressed under power not your own or the frigid, baseless anger. You look at him and you see the sun, the mercy you know you don't deserve. He looks at you and he sees a ghost, a face paled by time and the things you've done. He crouches down and strokes a finger along your jaw, gentle even though you both know you don't deserve it. “I never stopped loving you,” he says, firm and calm. “I wish I didn't,” you tell him back, because more than anything you wish you still loved him the way you did before you were taken from him. You love him now, but it's not love the way you remember it. It's achy and cold and harsh and it twists in your gut because you're still whatever they made you, and you crave him only for you. “We were always honest with each other, huh?” And his smile is sad, but he gets up as the door opens and the Resistance interrogators step through. He doesn't say anything else, and he nods solemnly as he takes his leave and you're left with the faceless, nameless men that hide behind masks the way you did for so long. As one does, you think. Chapter 21 : radiance- qui-gon jinn Summary: I shall not compare your elegance to that of botanic mass for fear of not giving proper justice to your radiance. -Miss Sweetheart, "a collection of unfinished tidbits" Notes: For Tsula, who requested Qui-Gon Jinn, and for Zadkiel, who requested the poem. Enjoy, lovelies. (On a side note, I've never written or read anything for Qui-Gon before, so I hope I do him justice!) (On another side note, requests are still very much open, and appreciated for that matter! I'd love for some more!) He doesn't bother saying anything when he finds you in the gardens, careful gaze studying the flora and fauna the temple has amassed over the years. He smiles though, slow and gentle, and he simply basks in the calm of your presence, the warmth that radiates from your force signature. It's a routine you both have unknowingly fallen into, but it's comfortable. He watches as you crack a soft smile, casting him a sidelong glance as he stoops to admire one of the various plants. I assume you're going to compare me to a flower, yes? He chuckles out loud, shaking his head slightly as he picks the bud from it’s stem. Heavens, no. A flower is much too delicate to be compared to you. You're sure your face twists into a grimace when he laughs again. However, a flower doesn't hold a candle to you. You're much too radiant for such a likeness. “You’re treading on thin ice,” you finally voice, breaking the small moment with a blush. “Master Windu would have your head if he heard such talk.” “Good thing it was in our minds then, hmm?” His voice carries his signature mischief, and you can only scoff. “What he doesn't know won't kill him.” “It can very well kill you,” you huff, still blushing. “You're much too reckless.” He only chuckles. Chapter 22 : respect - hux Summary: I struggle so deeply to understand how someone can pour their entire soul blood and energy into someone without wanting anything in return -rupi kaur Notes: As requested by Evangeline! Sorry for the wait, love!! I do hope you enjoy! “I love you.” The words come out before you can stop them, warm and unbidden but so utterly sure they leave him just short of breathless. You chuckle softly, a bit sadly, watching from where you rest on his chest as his brows furrow and he casts his gaze elsewhere. “It's okay,” you say, tracing a finger around his pouted lips. “I don't expect you to say it back, sir. I just wanted to let you know how I feel.” “I…I'm afraid I don't understand the complexities of such emotion,” he admits, a tad reluctantly. “There is no room for softness, not where I come from, or for who I am for that matter. I am unused to it.” You smile still, moving your finger along the slim bridge of his nose now, sinking into the feeling of his hand tracing circles on the bare skin of your lower back. “It's okay,” you murmur, gently. “I promise I won't hold it against you.” “I don't want you to think that I don't care,” he says, adamantly. “Because I do. I do care for you greatly, in fact. And I trust you, and I respect you, and it's true that I hold you in higher regard than anyone else, but I just, I don't know what true love is, and I doubt that I ever will.” You shush him softly, and you lean your bed down to kiss the smooth skin of his chest. “Hux, it's alright. I understand.” He stays just as wound up though, and once again you find that he turns his gaze away. “You deserve better, though. You deserve a soft, feeling man. Not someone like me. Not someone so closed off.” “With all due respect, sir,” you say, a bit pointedly. “I don't think you can decide who and what I deserve in that regard. Be grateful that I chose you .” “I am,” he whispers. “I know,” you whisper back. And he’ll never understand why you give yourself to him so willingly, the fearsome General that stands at the head of the First Order, or why you don't ask for anything in return, or why you love him the way you do. But whatever drives you, whatever draws you to him, he finds that he's immensely thankful for it. Chapter 23 : faults - kylo ren Summary: I adore that you view yourself as Some sort of deity; That you are King Midas and you Take it upon yourself to mold others In your own facade of perfection- When truly, You are merely gilded. - Miss Sweetheart, "The Coxa Collection" Notes: Another request by the lovely Zadkiel! Enjoy, love!! xx There is a bitterness that crawls through your veins, deep and without mercy, whenever you're near him. He knows this; can feel it bubbling in your chest when he comes to be in your proximity, can feel it twist your mood into a foul, vile thing. But it's not his place to care and not his place to worry, so he ignores it in favor of things much less significant than your baseless anger and the trivial root of your distaste with him. He is too absorbed with real issues, spread too thin to deal with a foolhardy apprentice who knows nothing of the power contained within their very being. He has tried to mold you into the perfect student, into his own perfect image, and time and time again has he failed. He is flawed, yes, deeply and incorrigibly, but his skill is unmatched, his raw and exuberant talent unparalleled on the battlefield. The problem is not him, it is you . It is you who refuses to be taught, you whose faults in discipline are too great to be ignored, you whose potential is wasted and ungoverned. He knows that you think he is nothing more than an overgrown child, lethal as he may be, and he also knows of the ridicule you deal him inside the recesses of your mind. He remains unfazed, will remain unfazed so long as you are under his tutelage, just as you will remain unfazed by his apt to teach you, to sculpt you into the knight he knows you can be. It is a wasted endeavour, truth be told. After all, a being as imperfect as he will never hold influence over a being as imperfect as you. His ego will just have to suffer some before he figures that out for himself. Chapter 24 : soft - peter parker Summary: no it wont be love at first sight when we meet it’ll be love at first remembrance cause i’ve seen you in my mothers eyes when she tells me to marry the type of man i’d want to raise my son to be like -rupi kaur Notes: For the wonderful dancing_mannequins! Enjoy, love! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He is soft in ways you didn't know you needed. Peter Parker likes a lot and loves a whole lot more. If he could have things his way, you know you'd be his whole universe and more, but you also know that he has a city to save, countless lives depending on him so desperately. He is humble, in that respect, in the way he gives himself to the job so dutifully. In the uniform, he is a true hero, gaining nothing but giving everything. As your Peter, he's even more so, soft and sweet and exactly the kind of person your mother wanted you to be with. When you first met him, he was cute but untouchable, a journalist with a knack for great pictures. Now, he's everything you never thought you needed, a gentle familiarity that holds you warm and secure and keeps you there. You can look past the job, the late nights and later mornings, bruises and blood and bullets and the constant fear of losing him. You can look past it all because you know that what he does makes a difference, that he leaves his impact on everyone and everything he touches. When he crawls into bed tonight, hair damp from his shower, you know that you’ve made the right choice as he pulls you into his warmth, grumbling quietly before he kisses your lips like it’s the only thing he's ever wanted to do. Yeah, he's definitely soft. Notes: I kind of deviated from the poem, but the end product is no less agreeable. I do hope you enjoyed! Chapter 25 : change - luke skywalker Summary: Our lives are spinning out from world to world; the shapes of things are shifting in the wind. What do we know beyond the rapture and the dread? —Stanley Kunitz, “The Abduction” Notes: For the lovely seshat. Enjoy, love! There's something different in the breadth of his shoulders. Luke is many things, yet subtle remains something he will never be able to pull off. Every change with him is noticeable from the get go, like a switch triggered suddenly and without reason. And now you can see it, the quiet tension that rests in the chords of his muscles, draws them tight and leaves them there. He knows you're approaching, knows you like he knows himself, so he knows what you're going to say; what you're going to do . “I'm really okay,” he states, serious but still optimistic, a true testament to his character, you think. “I know you're worried about me, but I'm fine. It's just weird to think about, you know?” “Yeah,” you whisper softly, as you wrap your arms around his left, knowing full how he feels about his right. “I do, Luke. You're okay now, but are you going to be?” It's silent for a moment, filled with unspoken questions and far off answers, but he finds it in himself to sigh and cast a weighted look towards you. “I don't know,” he admits, honestly. “Everything is going to change now. Are we ready for it?” “I don't know,” you repeat, meeting his gaze fervidly. “But we will be, that much I know. We always are, in the end.” “It feels different,” he whispers, and you're inclined to agree even though you remain silent. “It's going to be different this time. He's my father.” You know it's true, can feel it in your bones, deep and rootless, but you can't bring yourself to say anything. Instead, you slip your hand into his and squeeze, grounding the both of you before everything inevitably goes to shit. In the grand scheme of things, it's really all you can do at the moment. Chapter 26 : shatter - kylo ren Summary: you leave but you don't stay gone why do you do that why do you abandon the thing you want to keep why do you linger in a place you do not want to stay why do you think it’s okay to do both leave and return all at once -rupi kaur Notes: First of all, wow, hi. I'm so sorry for the unexpected hiatus. We've been testing nonstop at school, so I've been pretty beat the last few weeks, which equates to no writing. Now that i'm done with state testing and AP exams, I'll unfortunately begin finals and EOC's. However, I'll try to pace myself enough to have energy for my writing. I've only three weeks left of school, so if there is another hiatus, it will be relatively short. With that said, I do hope you enjoy this chapter. As always, please leave a poem or quote you'd like me to write. I'm in need of all the inspiration I can get! He doesn't think about it when he walks out. It comes natural to him, leaving you, feels familiar, almost. He is used to the hollowness that comes with walking away, used to the bitterness that itches just under his skin. He knows that hurting you is wrong, wretched and heartless and cruel in the most primal of ways. But it sits nicely in his chest, grants him a twisted kind of pleasure knowing that it's him who keeps you up at night, who haunts your thoughts and holds your heart. He likes the feeling of destroying you; building you up time and time again only to knock you back to your rawest. Kylo Ren leaves your room like a ghost, reddened lips swelling under the cover of his helmet. He can still feel the desperation of your kiss on his mouth. Something like pity stirs in his chest. It won't stop him from coming back. Chapter 27 : homecoming - bucky barnes Summary: "It's been a long while since I've possessed coherent thought- Since I've had the ability to remember events in quick succession with exacting precision. Please- I beg of you To forgive, to absolve, me for all that I may disregard while in this state and bid me only pleasant, jovial tidings to one day regain proper standing in my own mind." -Miss Sweetheart ( Makepeace Wainwright Prompt ) Notes: SPOILERS AHEAD, MY DUDES. Seriously, you've been warned. Super spoilery. I've watched civil war twice already and honestly I can't get enough of it. If you've got requests, please send them in!! but yeah, for the wonderful Zadkiel, who requested the poem, and for voguethranduil, who requested Bucky. I'm so sorry if you haven't seen the movie yet, guys!!! I just— the urge to write this was way too strong. “ Longing .” His heart skips a beat. “Rusted.” He tenses under the binders securing his wrists, vision blurring as he prays to whatever might listen for please not this. Anything but this. “Seventeen.” “Don't do this,” he sobs, chancing a glance at your body slumped against the wall. His blood goes cold. "Stop! Stop !" “Daybreak. Furnace. Nine.” A snarl tears it's way out of his throat. Not long, now. He can feel it. “Benign. Homecoming. One.” He feels the fury tearing through his veins like fire. With one quick pull, the binder holding his metal wrist snaps. He lets out a ragged growl, metal fingers crushing the remaining binder like plastic. He slams his fist against the glass that stands as a barrier between him and his mission. Subconsciously, he registers the way your body twitches as you regain consciousness. “ Freight ca—,” “Bucky, please.” And he’s suddenly awake, the warmth of your palm against his chest a sudden and stark reminder that whatever he was seeing wasn't real. The blood-thud is loud in ears, but he can pick up the sound of your elevated breathing, the sound of his own heartbeat pounding under his ribs. He breathes out a sigh. “I'm…sorry,” he whispers, turning his head away. You know he's still caught up in his head, still deciphering what's a memory and what's real and what his fucked up brain cooked up on its own, so you don't say anything in the meantime. You don't need to for that matter, and you only shift down until you're resting your head on his chest, arm snaking around his middle. “Don't be, Buck,” you murmur, turning your head slightly to press a kiss against his pec. “It's completely understandable. It's okay, get some sleep. I love you.” It takes him a moment, but he nods, sure of your identity now, the metal of his arm chilling your skin slightly as he slides it around your hips. “Yeah, yeah. I love you too.” Chapter 28 : atlas - steve rogers Summary: later that night i held an atlas in my lap ran my fingers around the whole world and whispered where does it hurt? it answered everywhere everywhere everywhere. -Warsan Shire Notes: Hi, yes, hello. I'm still alive, im still kickin'. Apologies for the prolonged hiatus. Was not planned, please forgive. Hope you enjoy this regardless. Sidenote: part of this was due to lack of initiative, which totally could've been avoided but wasn't. I've run out of poems to use so please please PLEASE leave me some suggestions! There was no other way. You wonder if it hurt him, hearing your voice over the radio. ( please steve you don't have to do this we can find you please please please, you'd said, you'd cried, you'd begged.) You wonder if it hurt him, giving you his heart for the first and last time. ( i love you , he'd whispered like a promise. That was all you heard before static washed over the feed and your heart shattered like paper-glass under your ribs.) Steve was a man of many virtues, you know. It doesn't ease the ache, doesn't wipe away the sting of losing half of your soul, doesn't fill the empty hollow hole left where your heart should be. The map on your lap is endless. Endless sea, endless sky, endless promise, endless hurt. ( To my best friend , it reads. Someday after the war, I’ll take you from here to the moon, if you'll let me. For now, let's start with the world , signed gracefully with a looping, curling, Steven Grant Rogers .) Your heart is beating under the ocean, his heart is dying in your chest. You wonder if it hurt him, plunging into the sea. Atlas tells you there was no other way. Chapter 29 : somebody else - dick grayson Summary: "i don't want your body But i hate to think about you with somebody else our love has gone cold you're intertwining your soul with somebody else" -somebody else, the 1975. Notes: dick grayson is slowly consuming my life. for voguethranduil, so sorry for the delay. please, do enjoy! He doesn't regret it, leaving you so suddenly. It was for the best, he knows - has told himself countless times and will continue to tell himself until he starts believing it, has repeated over and over again and will repeat over and over again. He knows there was no saving it, a love lost between nights spent apart and the illusion of trust. He knows there was no holding on to something already so uncertain, no keeping something that was never meant to exist outside of his wildest dreams. So he can live with his decision, can pretend that he's okay with it, will not allow himself to regret it. He will not regret it, even as he stands high above Gotham, watching as you bare your soul to someone else over a cup of coffee, even as his heart is as heavy as the rain that pours around him, and even as he thinks about the happiness he could've had had he chosen a different path, had he stayed in Gotham, had he never chosen to become Robin or Nightwing or whoever else he might be in the future. There's no use regretting something that couldn't be helped. He’ll continue to tell himself that until the gnawing, biting guilt in his stomach finally relents. Notes: Feel free to request a character you'd like to see! Can be Marvel or Star Wars! :^) Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the for the reader, by the reader series Next Work →