The general was drink-for-drink on par with Phasma, so far. But, pfassk, she could hold her liquor well. He ran a hand through his short, dark hair, not caring if he ruffled what little hair he hadn’t shorn off earlier that month. General Ben Organa had just been given the his role as general and a ship to go with it just earlier that week. Before, when he had first heard the rumor that he was in the running to be the general in charge of the newly built Finalizer, he had stupidly made a bet with Helena Phasma, his ex-girlfriend, that he would shave everything but the top of his hair off, if he did make it. And here he was, regretting it. He’d been drunk at the time, much like he was now, which did not make the situation any better. Although he missed his other pleasurable activities with the Captain, Ben Organa did still enjoy her friendship, which often included drinking together and sharing old stories about the academy. Here they were, both assigned to the Finalizer, now… something they had only dreamed about just a few months before. He wasn’t too pleased when Phasma told him to go to bed for the night, especially when she reminded him that he had to deal with that new Force user that had joined them aboard the Finalizer the day before… what was their name again? Laured? Caemred? Who knows, it didn’t matter for the moment, he thought, as he stepped into the corridor. Yes, he could manage to get himself to his quarters just fine without Phasma’s help. He knew his way around his ship just fine, thank you. The general hesitated, propping himself against one of the polished, gleaming support beams in the corridor that he was standing in and looked around. He could’ve sworn that he had heard something or someone move along behind him, but when he looked, it was empty. “If you don’t mind, I’m just going to bed, now, so you don’t have to sneak up on me if you wanted to talk,” he spoke to the dimness. Maybe it was the lighting, or maybe it was the fact he was drunk out of his mind, but he immediately thought about that Force user… a Knight of something? … might be out to kill him. He shook his head and kept moving toward his quarters. When he finally got to the hallway just before his quarters, he saw the thing that he was supposed to partner with on this mission that the Supreme Leader had given him. “Hello,” he greeted, doing his best to look better put together. He’d heard rumors about this force user, but… something was different than when he had previously laid eyes on them. Ben didn’t stop to think about what slipped out of his lips before it was too late to take them back, “You’re a damned girl, aren’t you… no way you could be that slim…” with those hips, he added mentally as his eyes moved over the form before him, “and be a man.” “My sexuality isn’t quite… defined the same way you would like to think. But, I do sense that there’s something that I can give you, my dear general.” The voice was accented, as it was before, Ben noted, but he couldn’t tell where the accent was from. Odd. Before he could say anything in return, The hood was dropped, brilliant turquoise eyes gleaming seductively in the dimly lit hall. General Organa stood there, frozen, as he felt himself taken over by something he hadn’t felt in so long. Pure, raging, lust. It filled his blood with a heat he hadn’t felt in years, his heart began to pound in his chest, he couldn’t even breathe. Was it some kind of sorcery that besot him so? Or was it those eyes… and that hair, that deep, richly red hair. “Give me something?” he finally managed to ask after some time had pasted. “Yes, I can show you something you never knew you needed,” came the reply, the voice wasn’t… he couldn’t tell if they were a man or a woman, but it was like a siren’s call, especially paired with eyes as haunting as that, in a face like that. “Yes,” General Organa moaned, stepping forward, pressing himself against the other, gently, but possessively, one arm against the wall as he leant in towards the other. “What is it that you… want to give to me, then?” He knew better than to do this… but why was he fighting it? Anything this Force user could offer couldn’t be worth too high of a price. The force user smelled amazing. Intoxicating. And those eyes. He couldn’t pull himself away. “Let me into your quarters, general, and I’ll show you.” The voice was satin, brushing through Ben’s mind, which stirred something unfamiliar in him. “Of course, right,” Ben hurriedly opened the door to his quarters, swiping his badge and taking off a glove to give a full handprint. As he was about to put the glove back on, he was pushed into his rooms just as the doors open wide enough. General Organa stumbled a bit, surprised by the power of the other, but then realized it must have been a trick of the Force. He’d seen his uncle… but damn them, who cared, this… thi— person, no matter what gender they were, it would be foolish of him to not fuck the owner of those eyes… that voice! Before he knew it, he was stripping, almost tearing off his clothes with one hand as he kissed the other feverishly, running through those soft, gorgeous dark red locks with the other hand. Sooner than he could believe, he was naked, and was pushed onto the bed by a still very clothed ginger. The only thing that the force user had shed so far was his cloak, which was now being neatly folded and placed on a chair by the doors. His cock was pounding, standing at attention, and the fluid motions of the other’s slender form did not help his condition at all. If he wasn’t intoxicated before, he definitely was now. Ben wanted to help, he was desperate for release already. This was so… strange, so different than what he’d experienced since Helena. “Can I…” he rasped, his voice hoarse. He’d gotten up and was standing near the thinner, lithe form of the force user, sure that the other could hear his heart pounding inside his chest now that he was so close. “Sit,” the other commanded, smirking. “You’re much too impatient, dear general,” they laughed, beautiful lips twisted into a more pleasant smile as they pushed Ben down onto the bed, then took off the jacket, revealing those all too wonderful hips that Ben he’d felt beneath all those layers and a small chest. Too small to be that of a woman’s. Stars! Ben cursed, How can a man be so beautiful? Regardless, he had said that he’d be missing out if he passed up the opportunity to fuck the owner of those gorgeous hips, didn’t he? Don’t forget the eyes! And his voice… The other man was still undressing, he was folding the jacket now, placing it over the back of the chair. He moved onto the straps on his chest that held the throwing knife holders onto his sides, along with the blaster holster on his back. Then he placed the blaster, and not just two, but three lightsabers on the seat of the chair, gently, almost reverently. Ben was intrigued, but he dared not ask why the other man had so many lightsabers and kept his mouth shut, although it was becoming too much for him to continue just to watch him undress. “Please,” he whispered to the air, as he reached down between his legs and looked up at the ceiling. A little preparation wouldn’t hurt, would it? He heard a voice say in his head. He recognized that voice! Ben licked his lips, his hand frozen near his throbbing member, as his gaze drifted from the ceiling back down to the other man. “What a naughty boy,” the velvety voice said, chuckling. He had just undone his shirt, his bare chest shone pale in the cool bit of light that was in the room, dusted with a few freckles. He was in the middle of undoing his trousers, taking off the belt that held them up on his full waist. There was muscle there, but… surprisingly, he looked a bit soft around the middle, with a smooth, curve out into those wonderfully full hips and pleasantly full thighs. The shorter man unceremoniously draped his trousers over the jacket on the chair. All he had left on was his briefs and thick, thermal socks. That excited Ben more than he was willing to admit. “You’re torturing me,” he breathed, his voice hoarse. He swallowed as the other luridly, yet far too sensually for a man, walked toward him and pushed him flat against the bed, taking the hand that was clutched next to his cock in his hand pinning it behind his back. “Torture? No, no…” he sighed, a smile gracing the corners of his lips. “I’m teaching you patience, general.” The force user slipped his briefs down onto his thighs with one hand, the other was already wet with lube (when did that happen? Ben wondered). Soon, a cold, slick touch caressed the tip of his cock, ever so gently, sliding down over the rest of him, bringing him back closer to the edge than before. Painfully slow, the man descended onto him, his hips spread wide, one hand on Ben’s chest, the other slicking back dark red locks back out of his beautiful, chiseled face, that smile still perfect on his lips. Once he was all the way down, the smaller man pulled up quickly, then slowly eased himself back down, the other hand pinning Ben’s other arm down as he leaned over him, possessively. Ben whimpered, so close to the edge of climax, he could feel it, just there, out of reach. When the redheaded man was halfway back down onto him, he suddenly pulled off, laughing. “You thought that I would just let you have me like that, did you?” the smile turned into a wicked smirk as he pulled his briefs off the rest of the way. Then he took off his socks and neatly folded them, then placed them on top of the rest of the pile of his things. Ben whimpered again, trying to move his arms back to his cock and found that he couldn’t move. “Turn over,” the lithe man demanded, eyes dark with desire. “I’m going to teach you how to command, general. That’s what I’m going to be giving you tonight.” As he tried to reply, he found that he couldn’t. Although, he could move now. Scowling, he obeyed the other. The Force was dangerous to mess with, Ben Organa knew from experience. In his life, he had never submitted to another. And never had he dreamt that it would be so easily. Notes: Thank you so much for your help with this, GallifreyanOmnishambles!