It was on nights like these, while staring into the sunset beside his favorite person in the world, that Ben Solo truly felt like himself. The young boy, only nine years old, frowned slightly as he tugged on his mother’s coat for warmth. The beach of Naboo was warm as ever, but Ben always felt colder than the people around him. “Mom,” Ben said, ogling dreamily at the setting suns, “I wanna be good. Like you.” “What makes you think you aren’t?” Leia asked, genuinely surprised by her son’s confession. He was a well- behaved child, a bit emotional, yes, but with a heart firmly in the right place. He was passionate about his morals and often got disappointed with dishonest people. Sometimes disappointment turned to anger and frustration, but Ben’s despair was always apparent prior to his fits. He believed the best in everyone he ought to hate, and loathed hearing evidence that refuted his ideals. Take his grandfather, for example. Ben could never fathom how Anakin Skywalker could execute the terrible things he did as Darth Vader. Even after receiving an explanation from Han and Leia, he basically refused to think the worst of the late villain. The silence hung heavily in the night air, and Leia began to suspect that something was wrong. Her suspicions were confirmed when Ben dropped his head against her shoulder, sobbing loudly and babbling incoherently. “Ben, sweetheart,” she cooed, rubbing his back and patting his messy, dark hair, “please tell me what’s wrong.” “The dreams again,” Ben sputtered, “I’m having them again, and I’m so scared…” Leia looked grimly away from her crying child. She thought the dreams had stopped… she thought Snoke had ended his torment. “Why didn’t you tell me about this sooner?” “I d-didn’t want you to be mad at me,” Ben cried, “you and Dad were so proud when they went away, and I thought-” “Ben, we love you,” Leia insisted, pulling his shoulders back so she could look her son in the eyes, “your father and I understand that overcoming this is a challenge for you, and we’re so, so sorry it’s a part of your life. We just want to help you, sweetheart.” Ben let his head hang, avoiding eye contact. “Maybe I can’t be helped. I think I’m… bad.” “That’s ridiculous. You’re as good as I am.” Leia could tell within seconds that she gave the wrong response. She smiled sadly as she enveloped Ben in a hug. “And besides, you could be as bad as Darth Vader and I’d still love you.” “I am, Mom. I’m as bad as Darth Vader. Maybe worse.” “You said you liked Darth Vader.” “I like him just as much as I like myself.” It was as if someone had stabbed Leia in the heart. “Ben… what do you see in your dreams?” In the past, he had only described ominous dark figures and red light. Such a dramatic change in attitude must have been prompted by a drastic change in imagery. “I see me,” Ben admitted in a ragged, tired voice. “And I’m… scary.” “How?” “I have a mask. I have a red lightsaber, like grandfather’s… and I’m hurting people.” Leia felt her stomach drop. “Hurting people,” she repeated, wanting nothing more than to end the conversation right there. Ben closed his eyes and let the despair consume him, remembering in detail the contents of his visions. The murder, the torture, the cold- blooded evil… This distorted monster was the first person Ben knew he could never forgive. It seemed to be his destiny, though, so maybe he just had to try harder. “Oh, no,” Ben repeated over and over again, exploding with loud sobs and violent movement. Leia furrowed her eyebrows, wondering what was going on in her poor son’s mind. How could such a pure, kind person see himself as a monster? Ben wasn’t weak- willed, so Leia knew that Snoke was really, really pushing. And she didn’t feel capable of stopping him. “What can I do to help you?” she asked, not bothering to disguise the hollow tone of her voice. Ben gulped. “Hide me away so I never hurt anyone ever. Kill me if you have to.” Leia cried then, right along with her son. “You’ve done nothing wrong, Ben,” she insisted, stroking his hair, “you have no reason to be ashamed of yourself!” “But I will! I’m so scared that I will!” “You’re stronger than this!” Leia yelled, accidentally frightening the already hysterical child. She wasn’t sure if her words were directed at him, or herself. Leia sighed. “I’m sorry. I- I now see that this is something you don’t know how to overcome. I don’t want to see it, because I love you, but I see it.” “So you don’t hate me?” “Never.” They sat in silent embrace as the suns completed their descent, leaving starry skies in their wake. “I love you, Ben,” Leia muttered, holding her sleeping son and feeling his uneven breathing on her chest. Ben moved only slightly, muttering a semi- conscious response. “I know.” In that moment, Leia knew what she had to do to keep her son safe. It was a risk, but it just felt… right. She would send him to Luke for his Jedi training. He would become stronger than his demons. As Leia examined the troubled look on Ben’s resting face, she nodded with determination. He wouldn’t fall prey to Snoke’s temptations, to his images, to his torment. He would be good, not for Leia or for Han or even the galaxy itself, but for his own sake. He would see the good in himself, and he’d embrace it for all its worth. Leia knew her son; she knew that he had goodness to spare. He could do this. *** Ben couldn’t do this. “G’night,” his roommate muttered, rolling over on the bottom level of the wobbly bed. Ben hated the lack of privacy that came with double bunking, but then again, he hated many things about the Jedi Academy. He had grown bitter after so many years of training. The routine, the ethics, the people… they just…weren’t for him. They taught him to avoid emotions, but he found something so inherently wrong with that. And, even worse, nobody seemed to want to answer his questions about Sith history or his own grandfather. Ben believed that in order to fight on one side, a person should understand the entire conflict. His superiors did not. He hadn’t felt like himself since he was separated from his family. Ben hadn’t seen his mother in many months, and was painfully aware of that fact at every moment. He missed her dearly. Quietly (but probably not quietly enough), Ben climbed out of bed and sat on the concrete floor. Meditation made these nights easier, and was probably one of the few Jedi skills he actually appreciated. The relief wouldn’t come. Frustrated, Ben took his lightsaber out of his bag. He had built the stupid thing hastily, because he was so excited to use it. As a result, it looked terrible. He was going for something different, something unique. Something that only Ben Solo could have made. The crystal turned out unstable, and the crossguard was a complete bust. It wasn’t even a real color, just a dull grey that sometimes looked darker than light. Ben smiled crookedly. That’s him, all right. Idealism dies hard when you enter the real world. Ben felt abandoned, hurt, and betrayed when his mother sent him away. He hadn’t dealt with those emotions yet, and wasn’t really planning to. He had stopped telling Luke about the dreams years ago. Luke didn’t really care about Ben, he cared about Ben the Jedi. Ben the proper, good Jedi. With age, Ben realized that perhaps blanket terms and morality weren’t really compatible. Just another disagreement between him and those above him. Ben had read more about his grandfather, thanks to Luke’s hidden stash of history books. In what felt like a pivotal moment of spite and realization, Ben decided a while back that Vader’s ideals weren’t as evil as his parents described. They certainly weren’t as rigid and uptight as Luke’s. The dreams were horrifying. But, for some reason, not as horrifying as Ben remembered. He started to admire the man in the mask, a snarky, thoughtful, and effective leader. He seemed more like himself than any Jedi Ben had ever met. He wondered what Leia was doing. Probably commanding an army, definitely not thinking about her son. Maybe Ben’s nightmares just became too much for her… maybe she never really loved him. Moments later, Ben found himself hovering over his roommate’s sleeping body, lightsaber still inexplicably extended. Whatever he was doing, it felt… right. It was justice. For him. For Vader. No. This was wrong. Ben wasn’t a bad person, he wasn’t… he didn’t want to kill… The stars. The sky. They always calmed him down. Reminded him of his mother, reminded him of who he really was… Ben’s wide, hopeful eyes narrowed at the windowless plaster before him. On nights like these, the sky was nowhere to be seen.