Smoke It’s a hot jazz that lingers in the air. He’s at table, cigarette lit, leaning against the back of his chair. The men surrounding him make an irritating amount of noise, cursing and cheering as they poke at their hands of cards. Someone to the man’s left wins the pooling and another lunges towards him. Poe rolls his eyes and brings the lit cig to his lips. Animals. He takes a drag and the music swells around him. A trumpet, low and smooth, drifts through the clubhouse. The men before him continue gambling, grabbing liquor left and right. “Give me two,” he tosses a bill down and grabs a couple cards, side eyeing the gangsters sitting next to him. A woman spins around their table, refilling their glasses of alcohol and parading off too much exposed skin. Poe laughs, he’s only here for one reason. Rey hisses as she descends down the stairwell, holding her dress out to the side to avoid tripping on the elegant fabric. Her wavy curls bob as she takes each step and she soothes them down as soon as she crosses the threshold of smoke on the bottom floor. It’s a place of sin, greed, jealously, crime. It’s exactly where she needs to be. The brunette slides easily through the crowds, smiling at every table as she looks for her target. A man, tall, looming, offers her his hand in a dance as the music turns slow and Rey politely refuses and turns away quickly before he can offer her a drink. Her attention is drawn by a group of men yelling in the far corner, and it’s there that she spots him. That’s the man the general has sent her to find. Poe’s looked at women before. He’s made women swoon, fall in love, beg for his time, he knows how to handle himself around women. When the young brunette peers around to his table and catches his eye, he shouldn’t feel the sudden anxiousness that he does. The man takes another swig of his drink to wash it away and doesn’t think about it again for another half hour. That’s when the young women strides up to their long-over card game. “Gentlemen,” she nods towards them, “if you’ll excuse me, I’m looking for a man known around these parts as ‘the black leader’?” Rey’s pulse quickens in the short fear she feels. The general has walked her through this many times, what to say, what to do, what to expect, but being here now, it’s just about driving her out of her skin. The men all turn their gazes towards Poe, who shuffles a few cards in his hands and takes another drag, eyes on his hands, “sounds like you’re looking for trouble.” “Maybe,” Rey coolly shrugs and he looks up to meet her eyes. The spark he finds in her immediately is almost obnoxious. She’s young, younger than anybody else in this nightclub, a lot more innocent too. Poe bites his lip, “what do you want?” “I need to talk to you, privately, if that can be arranged,” the woman’s eyes wander to the men sitting around the table, each reeking of old liquor and cigar smoke. Poe makes eye contact with the man sitting across from him, a silent conversation passing between the two. “Alright boys,” the gangster across from Rey's target shakes his head, “let’s clear out for now, but Poe,” his tone darkens, “remember what you owe me next ‘round, ‘kay?” Poe waves him away without a second thought. Rey raises an eyebrow, sitting across this stranger as he pushes a chair out for her. Poe slyly smiles, “can I buy you a drink? You are over seventeen, right? Not that it matters in here anyway if you're not.” The woman nods, choosing to ignore his quip, “I’ll have whatever you are.” Poe chuckles, “you can down a scotch? Be my guest, heck, help yourself to a smoke if you need to,” he mockingly adds as he stands up to move towards the bar. Rey hums along with the band as they start up a new number, the trumpet wailing and filling the room with noise. He returns and places a glass in front of her, watching her expectantly as he brings his own drink to his lips. Rey mirrors him, she’s had much worse, this is nothing. “So,” Poe clears his throat, “you came for something, Miss?” he leaves the question open, asking for her name. “You don’t need my information right now,” Rey smiles and takes another sip. “Yet you need mine,” his mouth twists into a small smile, “Dameron, Poe.” The brunette pushes a strand of hair behind her ear, “known as ‘the black leader’ in the streets, is that right?” “My reputation certainly precedes me, the general has certainly talked me up to you,” his eyes flicker from her almost surprised expression back to his scotch. Rey decides now to take off her shawl, as she had been instructed to. Her bare arms draw the man in front of her’s attention, silk skin that softens his expression. “What do you know about a man named Lor San Tekka?” Poe leans back in his chair, “owes me a few favors, an old ally, you could say. What’s he gotten mixed up in this time?” “The ringleader of the First Order had him murdered last Sunday night, too much information,” the news hits Poe a little harder than he’d like to admit, he remembers the man fondly; he’d helped him out in his time of dire need. “Well, that’s unfortunate, those bloody snakes are worse than the mafia. I’m sorry the man got dropped,” he takes another drag, “why’s Organa sending a pretty little bird to a place like this to tell me that?” Rey furrows her brow in frustration, “you know her?” She mentally curses herself for breaking so quickly. Poe closes his eyes and a small chuckle escapes his throat, “princess, you don’t know what you’re stepping into.” “I can handle myself well enough,” Rey grits out, her tone changes as Poe raises his glass to her and drinks, grinning slyly when their eyes meet, “what do you know about Starkiller?” she changes the subject. “The nightclub downtown? Darling, I practically lived there.” “You were involved with the First Order?” “They drugged me, messed with my head. Once I got out, that’s when I stopped working with your great role model there,” he twists the knife of anxiety in her stomach with a grin. Rey brings her alcohol back to her mouth, kicking back the last of it, “she still speaks highly of you. Now you’re a private ‘tec, I hear?” Poe nods, “why don’t you stop dancing around your memorized lines and tell me why Organa has really sent you here.” “Ben Solo was framed for Tekka’s murder and she’s asked for the best in proving otherwise,” the woman lifts a finger to her temple as she leans on the table, slowly massaging her skin. Poe leans as far back into his chair as he can, biting down on his bottom lip, “I must confess, the way that dress fits you is very morally distracting,” he suggestively smirks, drawing away from her statement. “She wants an answer by tomorrow evening,” Rey doesn’t budge and he notices. However, if she could, Rey would in turn confess that the way his smoke frames him and the way his clothes cascade against his own body is equally distracting. There’s something about him that pulls her closer and closer. It’s so wrong. The older man nods, “I think something can be arranged. Where is she now? Still on fifth with that husband of hers?” Rey’s eyes light up, “Han Solo, yes.” Poe’s eyes flicker around the room, “don’t say that name too loud, not here. This crowd doesn’t take too kindly to smugglers in a forever state debt.” The brunette chews on her bottom lip, rolling a finger around the rim of her glass, “what exactly have you been involved in since leaving the Resistance?” “I don’t think you came here to ask me that. Sure, I’ll see if I can prove Solo’s the fall guy of a frame but after that, Organa has used up all the favors I owe her. And you can say that straight to her face” he puts out his cigarette and his gaze fixes solely on her, “I still don’t know your name, sunshine.” Rey opens her mouth to speak, but before she can, several gunshots echo off the walls and the club goes mad. Men dressed in white spread out among the room, each carrying a weapon. People scream and duck to floor, many run to the bar for coverage, others try to make it to the exit. “What’s going on?” Rey stands and calls out to Poe in the chaos. “No time, sweetheart, First Order,” he lunges forwards to grab her hand, yanking her in the direction of the main stage. They run past the shutting curtains, Rey almost tripping over instruments as he pulls her farther back into the dark until they reach a door. “How long have you been running with the Resistance?” Poe asks, much more calm than he probably should be. Rey’s panicking, just enough to daze her mind, “I don’t know! The past year?” “Great, they’re after you, then,” Poe roll his eyes and runs faster, still grabbing her hand behind him. “I can run on my own, thank you!” Rey pulls away from his grasp, his heat no longer transferring to her. Poe sighs irritably, “just keep up, we’re almost there.” “Almost where?” Rey yells, frustrated beyond belief with the events of the past few minutes. “Here,” Poe tears a cover off an automobile, “isn’t she beautiful? A classic BB-8 model. Get in, quick, they’ll be on our tail pretty soon.” Rey doesn’t know why she’s climbing into this near stranger’s car or why she’s suddenly being chased by the most feared gang in Chicago. It’s a pretty bad day. And to top that off, the jazz music is gone and she really appreciated that. More things ruined just for her. Poe ducks out of the parking lot quick, whipping around the curb to fly down to road. The brunette catches her breath and he beams in pride, “drives like a dream, pretty keen, hm?” He shifts gears and speeds even further, constantly checking around to make sure cars aren’t tailing them. “We have company,” he mutters once he spots a large black car weaving in and out of traffic to catch up with them. Rey spins around, watching as multiple cars come to try and surround them. Poe’s good at the wheel, confident as he takes a sharp turn and switches lanes quickly. He pulls up against other cars as protection, cutting corner the best he can to lose the men following them. “Have you ever shot a gun before, princess?” Poe calls out, the noise of cars moving around them drown out any other sounds. “A few times, sure,” Rey responds hesitantly. Poe completely turns the wheel and the young woman slams against his shoulder. “In the back seat, there’s a suitcase, open it and aim at the cars behind us, careful to not hit anyone else, okay sweetheart? You can do it,” he briefly meets her eyes before returning his focus to the road. Rey does as she’s told, propping the cold, metal case in her lap as she takes out a small handgun and weighs it in her hand, “you want me to shoot at them?” The driver nods, “I’d rather you shoot them with that than me as I’d prefer to live through this night.” Rey rolls down her window and leans out, arm stretched as she tries to focus on the speeding cars behind her. This is new. She’s been told stories of up close experiences like these by people who hang around the base. Jessika’s done this before for sure. Rey, however, hasn’t had a field day like this. She fires the gun three times, one bullet hits one car’s lower windshield, the other two are lost to concrete. Rey curses and Poe laughs at her choice of words. The brunette aims again, this time piercing a tire, the center of the windshield, and the car’s hood. She cheers and Poe exclaims with her. “Nice shot! Do it again!” he smiles. One out of three cars down, two more to go. Something grazes past Rey and she can feel a sudden heat on her face, along with the sound of a machine gun in her ears. “Get down!” Poe yells and Rey ducks back into the car. “Kriffing - hand me the gun,” Poe orders as he outstretches his hand, Rey pushes the weapon towards him and he takes it, “okay, you man the wheel,” and then he’s leaning out the window without a second thought. “What?” Rey yells and quickly grips the steering wheel, “I can do this, okay, I can do this,” she whispers lowly to herself, praying the man beside her doesn’t hear. “Where are we going?” the woman calls out. Poe takes a car down and turns back to her, “drive to fifth and take a right,” before going right back to the gang’s mobiles now riding beside them. Rey almost shrieks as a car next to her begins shooting at her, bullets peppering the air in front of her. Poe groans, as if this is just an everyday inconvenient hassle and aims the handgun towards her side of the car, shattering their enemy’s windshield and creating a lag necessary for Rey to sharply turn. The two spin around as they hear a loud crash, watching as multiple automobiles clumsily tumble into each other. “You know your way around a car,” the man nods before turning back around, “I think that’s all of them for now, pull into that alley over there.” The driver does as she’s told, gaining speed to make sure they’ve truly made a getaway. “Stop the car here,” Poe rolls out of the door as soon as the car creeps to stop, sliding over the hood to get to her door and open it for it. His charming grin is intoxicating, capturing her gaze as she slips out of her seat and takes his hand. Poe raises her hand to his lips, delicately pressing a kiss to her soft skin, their eyes locked on each other. “I believe that saving your life deserves the compensation of knowing your name,” his voice is smooth like the air around them. “I want to know where we are,” Rey’s lips form a thin line as she looks around at the dark buildings around them. “Follow me,” he smirks, as if he knows something she doesn’t, and based around how the night has gone, she’d bet money that he does. He leads her up a set of stairs and into a small apartment. Poe flips a lamp on, illuminating dark red walls and wood furniture; the whole room smells like smoke and Rey knows exactly why. “You’ll need to change clothes, just in case they got a good look at you,” the man points towards a closet, “it’d be hard not to,” he murmurs a little lower and Rey pretends not to hear. The woman takes small steps on the stained carpet, giving everything a long glance as she bites her lip. “Quite a collection,” she remarks as she twists the closet’s doorknob and examines the contents. “There should be something that fits you,” he calls out from across the room, already lighting a cigarette from his place on the couch. “Lots of women come through here, hm?” Rey quips as she pulls a dress out and holds it up to her figure. Poe doesn’t even blink, “few broads, looks better on you, to be honest. Bedroom’s behind you, bathroom’s off of that.” The young woman crosses quickly through his plain room, a bed, a dresser, a coat draped over the doorknob to the bathroom. It’s bland, as if he doesn’t even use the place often. “Poe!” she calls, after slipping out of her evening dress and into the new one. The man walks in, balancing his cig between two fingers. “There’s a couple buttons, “ Rey clears her throat and holds her breath as he nods and puts out the cigarette in the sink. His hands are soft, yet rough around the edges, they’re big, clumsily trying to push the buttons closed. When Poe leans in closer to see what he’s doing, all his senses are filled with her and he bites his bottom lip to contain the spark that shoots like lightning through his veins. “Got it,” when he whispers, it’s a smoky, deep, sound. His lips brush against her hair as she turns back to him and they both slowly separate. The woman sighs and makes timid eye contact with him, “Rey,” she exhales a breath she’s held since he grabbed her hand and ran. It’s the most gorgeous name he’s ever heard, “that’s what I'm called.” “Rey,” he repeats slowly, trying out the name against his tongue, “so, where do you come from, Rey?” The way he says it sends chills down her spine. “Nowhere, I'm no one you should be concerning yourself with,” the brunette raises her head, once again dipping into her confidence as she walks out of his bathroom and back into the living room. Poe follows her, leaning against the doorframe, “I saved your life, I think I've already concerned myself with you. And if my memory serves me correctly, it was you seeking me out, sweetheart.” “Well, you're free of me now. I doubt it is still dangerous to leave the perimeter, so if you'll excuse me, sweetheart,” she mocks his tone and it puts a grin onto his face. The man moves to the door before she can, placing a hand against it as she tries to overpower him and open the frame, “listen, there's no way you're getting out on those streets tonight. It's too risky, especially for you, who doesn't look like someone who's seen too many gang busts. Stay here and I'll drive you back to the base tomorrow, sounds like I'll be making the trip anyway,” he curses low under his breath at that. Rey bites her lip as she considers her options, he’s right, the First Order is still probably on their trail, but staying the night with him brings along its own consequences… She was completely right. Theses are the consequences. After a long squabble about sleeping arrangements, they two decided that both were mature enough to handle sleeping in the same bed. At this point, Rey’s cool and collected persona mask had just about cracked down the middle and she resents herself for it. The pair had stayed up a little longer before bed, Rey finally asking exactly why the car chase had happened in the first place. “Sometimes, Rey,” Poe had shrugged, “you get caught in the wrong crowd, and they mess you up and just about convict you to hell so you work a way out just to learn that not everyone plays by ‘forgive and forget’ rules.” Rey just nodded and wondered if she’d be sleeping beside a serial killer tonight. Poe awoke to his arm draped around another body, this wasn’t particularly unusual, but the fact he was just about fully clothed was. It's the feeling of skin on skin contact that gets to him first, a woman’s jaw resting against his bare chest. Rey , he realizes. The woman is fast asleep, still dressed in the clothes he’d given to her, arms resting on the empty space between them as she uses his torso for support. It's a weird feeling that springs up next, the desire to run his fingers through her hair and whisper a gentle ‘good morning’ to her. He restrains himself, simply rolling gently out of her embrace and placing her head softly on a pillow as he rises to start a cup of coffee. Poe doesn’t wake her, already chewing on a cigar as he reads an old paper and sips his daily coffee. They have a lot to do today, and it doesn’t look like he’ll be rid of the girl sleeping in his bed anytime soon. And honestly, he’s okay with that. to be continued. Chapter 2 : Dust Summary: of meeting the general & ice cream sodas Notes: Hi friends! I've decided this will actually be an epic story, with lots of chapters. So, it'll be a fun ride :) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The bed is cold but the air is warm. Smoke dances upon her senses and the brunette has to blink the grogginess of waking up away before she can even begin to comprehend where she is. It’s a small, unorganized room; the walls are peeling with old paint and the floors are spotted with different shapes of stains. Rey grits her teeth, her memory suddenly working itself out. This is Poe’s apartment. Poe’s bed. Rey snaps up at that thought and swings her legs over the bed, cursing as she steps onto his disgusting carpet. She still has a task to complete, bring the man to the general, whatever it takes. There’s more she wants to process, the events of last night, but the swell of music in the next room draws her from the bedroom and into his small living area. Poe’s sitting at a table, eyes trained on the day’s newspaper, a cigar between his fingers and a cup of coffee beside him. He must hear her footsteps because as soon she wanders in, his eyes flicker to her. “‘Morning,” his voice is like aged whisky. “Good morning,” Rey sighs and he gestures to the chair across from him. Poe bites his bottom lip as the young woman takes the open seat and he slides the cup of coffee towards her. Rey stares at the delicate mug before reaching out to bring it to her lips. It’s extremely bitter and she almost gags. “Too much?” He slowly smirks. “What is in that?” Rey coughs and pushes the cup back across the table. “Maybe a little gin,” Poe shrugs, as if completely innocent of all crimes whatsoever. The brunette rolls her eyes and raises a hand to her hair to push the falling curls back behind her ear. Poe’s eyes follow her, his dark brown orbs staring deeply at her, almost through her skin. He takes a long drink from the mug and then a drag from the cig in his hand. “Ready for a little excitement today?” The olive-skinned man grins softly. Rey shakes her head, “I think we reached our excitement level last night, or has all that whisky caused to you already forget?” “Sweetheart, I’m going to teach you a few things that will change your life,” he leans forward, “first off, never think about the past until you’ve at least played three good hands of poker, second, never sacrifice quality alcohol for quantity, and lastly, never refuse a beautiful woman.” The young woman crosses her arms and scoffs, “well, certainly you’re the most charming gigolo in town.” Rey’s comment draws a low laugh out of the man, “you’re hitting it right on the nail, darling.” The two are silent are after that, eye contacting not breaking as the man takes another drag and runs his teeth over his bottom lip. The brunette can’t help but feel a fire spreading through her veins the longer he keeps his gaze on her. “That feels like enough small talk for today,” the man sighs and stands from the table and cleans up his place, “we have some business to attend to.” Poe grabs a jacket off the back of the couch, along with a hat from the coffee table, “coming, sunshine?” Rey hesitates before moving back into the forgotten bedroom to grab the jacket off the door handle she’d seen the night before. She tosses it around her shoulders and follows him back outside into the harsh, black and white world. Poe looks her up and down, examining the look of her in his jacket, “cold?” The brunette nods to the cloudy skies, “it’s raining.” "Hopefully it never stops," he says, not completely hiding that he likes what he sees. Lightening silently strikes off in the distance and the man nods, his attention turning back to the car below them. The two make their way down the stairs and slide into Poe’s car; Rey rolls her eyes when the man doesn’t even stop to consider opening the door for her. Poe hesitates, running his finger over a few holes marked on the door where bullets tried to enter. He curses as he delicately closes the door and quickly pulls out of the alleyway. “Do you even know where we’re going?” Rey impatiently huffs. “Heaven or hell, and between the two of us, we won’t be seeing each other very often,” Poe quips as he makes a hard turn down the street. Before the brunette can snap back at him, the man continues, “the Resistance has set up shop down on third, right across from the old gin mill. It doesn’t take a flatfoot to know that.” Rey shoots him a glare, “isn’t that exactly what you’re trying to convince everyone you are?” “I’ll let people think for themselves on that one,” he shrugs and narrowly misses a red light, “calm down, I’m a great driver, kriff, Rey. Have a little faith.” The brunette has grabbed onto her seat to keep from jostling around and has to bite her tongue to keep herself from shooting back something too snarky. She still has a job to do. It doesn’t take long for the car to finally pull into a seemingly abandoned garage. Rey steps out and immediately finds herself treading on broken glass, delicate sheets cracking under her feet. Rain continues to pour outside, coming down in heavy drops. A sense of pride surges through the brunette, this is her home. “I forgot how run down this place was,” Poe scoffs as he picks up a discarded bottle of liquor and puts it to his nose. “You found that on the ground, is it really the right time to be drinking?” The brunette sighs. Poe looks up from the glass and smirks, “it’s been opened within the last few hours. Han’s been here, probably a little fried, but still hanging around inside.” Rey furrows her brow, “how do you know it was Han?” “Jameson Whisky, good brand. Who do you think taught me those three rules to living?” The young woman opens her mouth to say something, but instead she shakes her head and turns towards a small door, firmly knocking three times. “Waiting on an invitation, Dameron?” She nods to the empty space beside her and Poe smirks before stepping up to the door beside her. “Rey?” A new voice quietly comes from behind the now cracked door. “And our guest,” the girl speaks in a hushed tone and the door closes again before opening again wider. “Finn!” The girl smiles as soon as she’s pulled Poe inside. The stranger wraps his arms around Rey and lifts her off the ground, Poe watches intensely at the reunion before him. “I thought you had already left!” She pulls back to look over him. “The general wanted me to hear the completed plan before I head off for good again. This is the guy?” He turns his attention to Poe and Rey nods. “Finn, this is Poe Dameron, Poe, this is Finn,” the young woman points to both and Finn evaluates the man in front of him while Poe stares him down menacingly. “Finn,” Rey sighs to break the tension, “please bring us to the general.” Poe lets out a sarcastic chuckle, “straight to her, huh? What an honor.” “Did you pick this guy off of the road? Maybe a ditch? And who's jacket is that?” Finn whispers from his place beside his closest friend and pulls on the material. “Actually, the most underground speakeasy I’ve ever seen,” she laughs at his mockery. Poe rolls his eyes, “could’ve been worse, sweetheart.” Finn turns to catch a glance at the man as soon as the petname leaves his lips, Poe grins at him, “You look a little familiar, Finn. How long have you been running with these guys?” “Not that long, Dameron, did you say?” “For you, Poe. Sunshine over here on the other hand, she can call me whatever she wants,” the way Finn’s face twists makes Poe smirk slyly. Rey pulls Finn away, “can we please hurry?” Leia Organa-Solo’s stare feels almost cold as soon as Poe’s eyes meet with hers. She looks him over, biting her lip and not giving him any hints into what she’s thinking. He stands quietly and looks to Rey, who’s anxiously trying to understand exactly what’s going on. Finn leans over to murmur something in the brunette’s ear and she looks to him and shakes her head. “Well,” Han Solo walks up from behind the general, a bottle in one hand and a cigar in another, “the prodigal son returns.” “Solo,” Poe grits out and his gaze flickers to the man, “not your son.” Han slowly strides closer to the man, “what brought you back? Money, liquor, someone bringing the heat down on you?” People around them begin speaking in hushed tones, all gossiping and whispering about the man who has returned. “Your wife,” Poe admits, watching as the older man’s expression slowly changes, “she knows me well enough to send Miss Queen of Sheba over there,” he points to Rey and she rolls her eyes. “ Han ,” Leia finally speaks and the entire room falls silent, “he’s going to help us bring Ben back. I asked Rey to find him, personally.” Her gaze falls back on the man in front of her, “Poe.” “General,” Poe scans around the walls before returning his attention back to her, “I like what you’ve done with the place.” Rey watches as the general softly laughs, shaking her head before nodding to a room more private, “follow me, all of you.” The group begins moving towards the woman and Poe grabs Rey’s hand, squeezing her palm twice befor she yanks it out his grasp. “What are you doing?” She whispers. “If you haven’t noticed I’m a bit of a big deal here.” Finn quickly leans forward, walking now in between the two, “ you’re a big deal? If anyone’s a big deal, I’m a big deal.” “Sure, kid,” Han quips from in front of them and Rey has to cover her mouth to keep from laughing. “We know from inside information that the head of the First Order is a man named Kylo Ren, a mobster from the depths of possibly hell itself. He’s one of the biggest names out there right now, a crime lord,” Leia points to a grainy photograph taken of a man in a mask. The groups stands, surrounding a table as the general explains the situation in context. “We also know, that it is most likely Ren, who killed Tekka last Sunday night,” she points to a mugshot of Lor San Tekka and grimaces. Poe studies the information and picks up a picture of Ben, “what evidence do the cops have that it was Ben?” “Fingerprints, which we have reason to believe were planted on the scene,” Han shifts his weight onto his other foot. “Can I ask where you’re getting all this information?” Poe bites his thumb and all eyes turn to Finn. Rey nods to the younger man, “Finn has been a double agent the past year. He’s been with the First Order and then selling them out to us.” “That’s where I’ve seen you!” Poe snaps his fingers and points to him, “tough line of work, buddy.” Rey nudges him with her elbow, “he’s done an excellent job.” “Who all knows?” Poe looks around the room to take a headcount, It’s just Leia, Han, Finn, Rey, and himself standing around the table. “Tekka did,” Han sighs, “The four of us, Pava, and Leia let Ben knows when she visited him behind bars yesterday.” “Please do not tell me you still have Jessika Pava working for you,” Poe puts a hand over his forehead and runs it through his hair. Rey looks up at the man, “you know Jessika?” “Pava and Dameron here were quite a team back in the day,” Leia musses and the brunette furrows her brow at Poe. “No one carries and uses a gun like Pava,” Poe sighs, “if she’s in on this, where is she?” Leia shakes her head, “the point of this meeting to make sure all of you know your positions. Finn, you’re going completely undercover until this is resolved. Poe, you’re out to find whatever you can that proves Ben innocent.” “If I accept the job,” Poe bites his lip. “If you accept the job,” Leia nods and Rey shoots Poe a glare. The older man lights another cigar and hands it to Poe, who nods in gratitude and puts it between his teeth. Rey shakes her head, “where do you need me, General?” “With Dameron,” the woman replies easily, “I think you two have made a good enough pair so far.” Poe grins and leans into the brunette and whispers in a tone only she can hear, “worried I was going to hit the road without you, sweetheart?” This causes Rey’s lips to twist into a look of disgust and she shakes him off as if he wasn’t standing beside her and aggressively flirting with her. “General, surely there is somewhere else-” Rey begins to argue but Leia cuts her off. “Rey, you’re still a rookie around here, don’t forget that. Plus you and the ‘black leader’ here seem to get along just fine,” the older woman crosses her arms and turns back to her husband to confirm something out of Rey’s earshot. “What are you all waiting for?” Leia turns back around, “get to work!” The remaining three quickly slip out of the room before Leia can say anything else. They regroup again once outside and Rey turns anxiously to Finn, “promise me you’ll be safe out there.” Finn nods and solemnly lets Rey wrap her arms around him in a sincere hug. “Don’t let this bozo mess you up too much, alright?” His arms extend around her waist and he makes sure to check if Poe is watching. He is. Rey sighs and leans out the embrace, watching Finn’s face with a great deal of conflict in her eyes before her gaze flickers to Poe and then back to her friend. Without hesitation, she leans forward to press a soft, incredibly quick kiss to Finn’s lips and then squeezes his hand, “be safe.” Finn’s too dazed to say anything, simply staring at the beautiful woman that he is best friend is as she turns back to her new partner, who is calmly smoking his cigar and rolling his eyes. “Watch your back, spiv. Ren’s not an easy guy, look alive,” Poe nods as he puts his hand in the small of Rey’s back and tries to lead her away, which she fiercely spins out of and slaps his arm for. Worth it , he decides. The newly acquainted pair slip back into the man’s car as he steers away from the near empty base and back onto the slick streets. “What do they call you ‘round the streets, sunshine?” He asks while placing one hand on the wheel and keeping his cigar in the other. “What?” Rey’s brow knits together. Poe doesn’t take his eyes off the road, “within the Resistance you got your ‘general’, Solo’s known as ‘mercenary’, back before it turned vulgar I was given ‘black leader’, what’re you?” “‘Scavenger’ was the first name they gave me,” she answers honestly and he nods. “I like it,” he grins and pulls into a sketchy looking cafe parking lot. The brunette takes the building in, paint chips and all. She hesitates before following as he maneuvers out of the car and starts heading towards the structure. “What is this?” She calls, taking long strides to catch up. “We’ve done a lot today, a few things I swear I’d never do again,” he holds the door open for her and she definitely notices, “might as well reward ourselves before the real fun begins.” “You’re stalling,” she points out and he shakes his head. “I’m thinking,” Poe nods to the bar and they both take a seat on stools next to each other. Rey looks around the others sitting around them and then back to the man with her, “what is a man like you doing a place like this?” “People love me,” he shrugs and Rey gives him a hard glare of obvious disbelief. “Jacen!” He calls out and a young dark haired man approaches the couple. “Poe!” Jacen smiles, “haven’t seen you ‘round here in awhile. Whatd’ya need?” Poe smirks proudly at Rey, who rolls her eyes and turns away. “Actually, if you could bring us both an ice cream soda that would be perfect, buddy.” Both men exchange a smile and Jacen quickly goes to work behind the counter. “So,” the olive-skinned man turns his attention back on her, “we’re partners now. We should get to know each other a little better don’t you think?” “What, you want to ask me about my family and how I got pulled into a life of gangs and crimes and how that’s changed my life?” Rey scoffs. Poe shakes his head, “you don’t have a family, that’s one of the reasons you joined the Resistance.” He speaks the name in a hushed tone and gestures for her to do the same, at least in public. “How’d you know I don’t have a family?” The brunette stares intently into his eyes, careful to watch how his gaze flickers in case he lies. “The general didn’t hire me as a detective for nothing,” he raises his brow, “you’re an orphan, grew up your whole life running around on the streets looking for scrap to build a life up from. Scavenger, that’s your name because it’s what you are, or at least were. Thank you, Jacen,” the man takes two glasses and hands her one, not hesitating before dipping his spoon in the sugary substance. Rey stares at the cup in front of her and tries not to sigh as she processes his words. “Well if I’m a poor, orphaned, scavenger then you’re a coward,” she retorts quietly, so much so that it catches him off guard. “Hm?” The man hums, his mouth full. “You had a past with the Resistance and then left them all after one incident with the First Order,” she jabs the ice cream with her spoon and he frowns at that. “Close, sweetheart, but you’re not exactly tugging at my heartstrings yet. Try again later, and quit playing with your food,” he chuckles and she exhales before putting the spoon to her lips. The texture and taste against her tongue is amazing, but she won’t let him know that. He smirks at her, as if he knows anyway. It’ll be a long week for the both of them. Notes: THANK YOU READING!! Please leave a kudos or a comment :) I love talking to y'all! If you're interested in more damerey, please check out my regency AU, 'Sense & Serendipity' or my modern AU, 'Moments' & 'Stationery Hearts' !!! Notes: Thank you for reading!!! Please leave a kudos and a comment, MORE CHAPTERS TO COME. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Historical Damerey AUs series Next Work →