The Burning She was the moon- and the messenger of moons. Greater than the dark, greater than the light. -Rune Lazuli ***** His flesh burned. I'm alive. The pain radiated through his face, like hot pins and needles. They buried their cruel bite into the fevered skin, sending tremors through his extremities. He let out a groan as he opened his eye to the intrusive light; his right bandage-blind. Where am I? His eye focused and sharpened on his surroundings. The world spiraled and shivered as he attempted to raise himself up; the dull throbbing in his side now made worse. His right hand went to the bandaged site, assessing the damage as he laid back down. The room shifted as his fevered brow furrowed in confusion. There was a pungent sterile scent to it, made warm by the medical monitors. The fluorescent lights gave off a sickly yellow green hue that made his skin look that of a poorly embalmed corpse. Every muscle groaned and vibrated with abuse. His face burned without mercy, the physical memory of a searing heat reminding him of his mortality. How did I get here ? His mind lurched as the image of a blue glow cascaded over a slender figure. Her. His tormentor. She stood over him; saber in hand. A whisper of devotion and something foreign ripped through his chest; the pain and surprise of it making his eyes water and his nose drip. What in fucking hell ? Had his mind been damaged as well? Her hazel eyes bore into his, promising vengeance and retribution. Her power radiated in waves, making the air thick with energy. Seeing her there, fury billowing and pooling inside the walls of her mind, was enough to bring him to his knees. He could feel it. Her anger. Her loss. Not the loss of Solo, though it painful; but rather the loss of what she had known true for years. They weren't coming back for her. Nothing would be the same for her. She had been thrust into a new world with no chance of ever going back to the one she had known. Everything she knew was forever changed, and the loss of control over her own fate infuriated her. Her anger brought her focus. As her saber scourged his flesh, he welcomed each blow with a twisted pleasure. Feeling the adrenaline-high rush through his limbs gave him the satisfaction of a battle-long sought. They were perfectly matched. Finally, he had met an adversary worthy of him. Rey. You're mine. You're a monster, she said. No, he was just a sick man. He felt the deepening pull of something. It gripped his heart and squeezed-the chambers straining under the suffocation. The breath caught in his lungs- burning the the alveoli- as it did when his mind first locked with hers; as it did every time after that. " Don't be afraid, I feel it too." The chattering and hooting of a droid drew him from the secret dark swells of yearning for connection. He felt the unsettling presence of someone nearby; shifting uneasily at the disturbance of his thoughts and pain, he prepared himself for the intruding redhead. The mechanical doors opened with a gust of pressurized air as General Hux strode inside. "How long have I been here, Hux?" Ren's eye remained closed. He felt the change in the stagnant air as the general came to his bedside. The man's clammy cold hand pressed to Ren's brow, an irritated sigh escaping the redhead's lips. The brief connection of skin deeply unsettled Ren; the last time someone touched him in such a delicate way, was Han Solo. And he was dead now. "Where the bloody hell is the medical droid?" Hux barked at the small droid occupying the room, it's frantic beeps alerting it's ignorance to the general. "You've been asleep for two days, and you still have a fucking fever. Our best unit was lost at base, so we've had nothing but an outdated piece of scrap tending to your wounds. We won't have anything better until we reach Moraband. Lucky for you, I am somewhat medically trained." He began searching the steel cabinets for another dose of the fever and pain reducer. Ren let out a hoarse chuckle, the sound of it startling both eyes open; white-hot pain shot through the right side of his face . "I'm fine. Leave me." He looked up at Hux, vision blurred, but able to read the man's expression. Was he that bad off? Did it matter? He didn't care at the moment, he just wanted left alone to his thoughts. "Supreme Leader would have my hide if I let you succumb because of a fever. I sutured the wounds that needed closing, and dressed them all. This particular transport isn't equipped to perform a proper skin-graph. On Moraband, we can arrange further treatment in a bacta tank. You may scar before then." There was no hint of sympathy. "What do I care of scars?" Ren scoffed. It made little difference to him. The general shrugged and busied himself searching through steel cabinets, swearing at the small droid until he found what he was looking for. Ren watched the general fill the syringe-gun with two glass vials. It could have been poison and he wouldn't have cared in the slightest. The fever burning in him was doing its job in disconnecting him from reality. Returning to his side and pressing the cool metal to his neck, he pulled the trigger; Hux smiled in satisfaction of the discomfort it would cause. The injection stung, but Ren didn't let it show- Hux being the sort to take any small victories and brandish them. "The rebels escaped before the planet imploded... The girl, among them." His blue eyes flashed, indicating his annoyance. "Supreme Leader has ordered me to bring you to him. You are to complete your training. -You will soon be yourself again; in the meantime .....rest." He paused when he reached the doors, formality oozing from every crevice. "Try not to tear apart the room in any fits of rage you decide to indulge in. It's the only medically equipped room aboard this pathetic excuse of metal." The doors closed in a finality that relieved him. The medication began coursing through his veins, delivering it's relief to his whole body... The mortal part at least. The ache in his chest throbbed, refusing to be mastered; just as it had when left alone to battle his demons. There had be a momentary release wash over him as he plunged his saber into his father's heart; the expected promise of change relieving the war inside. He had hoped it would seal the fate of his soul; finally quieting the constant turmoil. Resolution. Silence. Control. So why did he feel further conflicted? Why did it hurt worse? Why couldn't he forget the scent of her sun warmed skin? She smelled sweetly of organic matter (much like that of the planet where he captured her) mixed with rusted metal, and underlying tones of fuel. Her frame reflected the years of self-sufficiency and simple living. Despite the harsh environment in which she grew, she had a softness to her that even the sandstorms and hard labor couldn't weather. The inner hum to her mind was soothing when his mind forged with hers. She had resisted at first, and then.... She opened herself, guarded not to give away what he sought. Ren's hands balled at his sides in remembrance of the way she saw him... Saw what he had tried so hard to kill and bury. He had felt exposed. Her light scorched through him, igniting a fire that burned through every dark corner of his being. He wanted her. Wanted to possess her and yet craved her defiance. No one had stirred that kind of emotion or response in him. Pushing up from the cot, he bit back the painful protest in his muscles and joints. Steadying himself, he sauntered towards the cabinets and shelves. His hands roved over the doors, opening each in search of something to catch his reflection; with little hope that he'd find anything. Rummaging through the drawers, he found a pair of blunt medical scissors. Tucking them into his left hand, he opened the one cabinet door left unchecked. It was there. The bandages stuck to the wound. The stitches felt tight in the swollen hot flesh, and peeling them from the mended gash caused him to hiss and swear in irritation. Blood welled underneath the seam work as both eyes registered his new reflection. The angry wound began between his eyebrows, trailed across the bridge of his nose, and ended at the bottom of his unshaven right cheek. It would no doubt scar; leaving some of the facial muscles and nerves forever altered and frozen. Closing his eyes, he thought back on the way the air smelled when the girl struck him down with her saber; his... saber. The sickly-sweet scent of burnt flesh filled his nostrils, blood poured into his vision as the ground erupted and broke beneath them. Something deep and instinctive wanted to reach out for her, fearing her potential fall into the planet's core. And while yes, he had intended to only test her, maybe even bruise her a little; there was never any intention of bringing her true harm. The following moments blurred into question. His memory was foggy and broken. The shocking comfort of the snow against his raw and marred face were all that he could recall before everything went black; the crimson of his blood soaking into its pure white cold. He braced himself to be engulfed in the flames of the broken planet, but death would not come. Rey .... Can you feel me? I can still feel you. A carnal and primitive emotion radiated behind his rib cage, wrapping his corroded heart in an electrical binding. He felt it encasing his soul, filling the void that had been pulling him further into the pitch. It glowed. It's pull brought him to his knees in surrender. No. He had been so close. He had wanted this for so long. Now? Everything had changed. No. He would lock her away. Far away from anyone's touch...Far away from his own touch. Pressing outward into the Galaxy, his mind reached for the connection one last time; listening for a heartbeat reply. I can feel you. Silence. He let go, head bowing low in resignation. His body mechanically drew itself upright and settled back onto the medical cot. He waited. Eyes closed, mind quiet, soul hidden and reserved for when it was time for awakening. Ben Solo would not die. For now, he would sleep. Nothing but silence filling the space. A tingling warmth spread in his chest. An answer. I feel you, it said. Chapter 2 : Phantom Summary: Updated version. Stars, hide your fires; Let not light see my black and deep desires. -William Shakespeare ***** That scent.... It's sweat-laced, warm metallic, and bitter winter pine. It sent shivers all through her body. Her brow furrowed in tormented sleep. It was calling. Growing. It promised to be soon. His shadow looms over her, but she can't see him. She feels him. Feels the pulsating of his emotions through her mind. It's wave after wave of fear-tinged questions and desires. "Where are you?" She calls out to him. There's a warmth at the base of her neck, creeping into her hairline, causing her spine to tremor. "Here." There's movement coming from behind. Rey turns, saber clenched tightly in her hands. Triggering it's burning glow—the dark unmasked; his hiding place revealed. Arms are crossed about his chest, his head lowered, the black tresses a curtain: she can't see his face. "What do you want?" Her body coils itself for battle. Every muscle tingles with baited anticipation, and her heart slows as trained. She waits. His reluctant answer gave her a steady build of static energy-rippling through her limbs. "You know what I want, Rey." His voice was even and controlled. He shifted, pushing himself up from where he was seated. Her hands loosened, still agile for an impending attack. He didn't raise his eyes to her as he stepped further into the light. "You don't need to be afraid." His voice soothed. "I am not afraid!" She bit, her emotions flared. The saber trembled in her hands, but not of her own doing. She felt it's heavy pull towards him. His arm reached out, and the weapon painfully tore free from her grasp. She backed away, aware that she was surrounded by endless darkness–it's uncertain expanse would be her only escape. The dark unknown sent a rush of fear through her, but she would chance losing herself in oblivion to escape from being controlled and bent. She ran. Heart thrumming in her ears. Rey was blind to the direction in which she was running, but she followed instinct, to where she would find sanctuary; if there was any to be found. Her body lurched and shook, eyes moving rapidly under closed lids. A cold sweat broke out, leaving her body shivering despite the blanket covering her. Running. Her blood pounding in her ears. It took her by surprise. A solid wall. His arms closed tightly about her; holding her prisoner in his large frame. Her hands beat at his chest, thudding like a drum against its expanse. "Let me go!" She fought him. His head lowered to hers, arms pulling her closer enough to feel the thundering of his heart in his breast. "I won't hurt you." "Ha!" She laughed aloud, looking up into his dark gaze, seeing the familiar scar that ran along his face.... The gift she bestowed him. The only weapon left to use was her mind—so she forced and tore herself through, as violently as she could. His breath caught in response to her brutal probing. He welcomed her in the trenches of his thoughts; opening himself to her rabid search to injure. He'd let her. Every time. She brought him to his knees, but his hold on her did not waver. Blood began to run from his nose—onto his lips, and he smiled coyly. "You can't hurt me." "I can try." She snarled, desperate to resist the way his hold on her made her feel. Trapped. Steady... It was firm, yet tender. Safe. " I feel you. " His words were a declaration, backed by waves of buried thoughts. He unlocked them then, letting them pour out and flood her mind. Her face winced at the rush of it; breath labored from the intrusion. Her body warmed and melded into his, resolve faltering as she saw and felt his thoughts and emotions. "No...Please, stop." She choked, head lowering in defeat. Rey felt herself grow weak. His hand found her chin and lifted it, forcing their eyes to reconnect. His words were inaudible but she felt them; " I feel it too ." The dark brown pools–his eyes swallowed her, drowning her in their depths. His mouth found her lips. I'm yours, t he kiss said. The taste of blood filled her mouth. Her body sprung awake, shivering violently and searing on the inside. Tearing through the cave, she threw herself into the night's salty fresh air; shuddering as it coursed through every branch of her inflamed lungs. The taste of iron lingered in her mouth—her lips stung. Fingering their soreness, she concluded that she must have bitten them in sleep again; something she was growing used to doing. "The same dream again?" A gruff, but gentle voice asked at her side. Her hazel eyes searched the stars. Yes. She looked at her mentor, eyes wide and guilt ridden. They won't stop. She shifted uneasily, the sea salty air kissing and drying the sweat on her brow. She could still feel his mouth on hers, hot and urgent. Her heart twisted behind its ivory cage. Stop. Rey’s tongue poked out and licked at the metallic-sweet matter coating her lower lip, wiping clean the evidence. "Tell me." She shook her head, lowering herself to the damp grass, her head leaned against the rock face. "It's nothing." Luke Skywalker joined his apprentice on the grass, robes wrapped around him like a monk. "You know, that I know that couldn't be further from the truth." How could she say it? How could she bring herself to say those dreams aloud? The notion of her wrapped in the arms of Kylo Ren, left her conflicted. The same monster who killed without mercy, who didn't think twice on destroying entire solar systems, the son who slaughtered his own father—was the one she found herself responding to like a lover. How could she say these things? They were only dreams,and there would be no truth to it. "It's nothing more than exhaustion. I won't dwell on something so insignificant as dreams." She plucked a blade of grass and twirled it between her fingers. "Rey, I know you know better than that. The Force is clearly trying to show you something of importance—to ignore it could be dangerous. If you would just let me help you..." "I'm fine, honestly. It's nothing more than a bit of silliness." She crushed the blade of grass into her palm as the wind shifted around them. Luke reached out and gave her elbow a squeeze. Rey felt the tension inside build fermenting into guilt. Guilt for allowing herself to be moved by the dreams of someone she should hate. Not hate. She shouldn't . Kylo Ren wasn't to be tolerated. His villainous actions were a spreading stain that smothered Ben Solo from existence. "Be careful with your feelings. Don't repress them altogether—control them. To snuff out such emotions only leads to darkness. I made the mistake of trying to break Ben of what was only normal—human—believing it was for his good. I thought that if I didn't, he would succumb. Had I known it would backfire—had I known that there was more to it—that he was being preyed upon…” Luke drew silent, his thoughts hanging in the air about them like a fog. Rey sensed his quiet yearning for forgiveness; his tempered anger. She took his hand and gave it a quick squeeze, smiling. "You did what you knew. You weren't handed a manual on how to train younglings. You did your damned best, and there's no sense in punishing yourself over it… Ben made his choice. He knew better—as did the others who followed him.” The aged Jedi drew inwardly, a wrinkle etching between his knit brows. The faded scar above his lip twitched—memories of a golden future—the promise of balance and peace—burning into a pile of ash. He had failed. The bright new hope , now the whispers of legend. “You're no failure.” She said, as if listening to his thoughts. ‘Besides, I've turned out alrigh—everything considered ” Luke let out a chuckle, patting his apprentice on the back. "It's only been six months. You still have much to learn, and I—plenty of time to screw it up." Rey lightly punched the older man in the arm, a rumble of laughter erupting from her chest. The Jedi smiled at her, the years of worry and intense responsibility forming creases in his forehead. She wondered what he was like in his youth. There were the subtle hints of a life much like her own. With him, there was a kinship, a soul’s link that she couldn't reason . "Luke?” "Yes?" "Do you know who I am? Where I came from?" She had wanted to ask many times before. And many times the words shied from her lips. He had to know, she felt it in him. Rey watched him closely, noting the way his demeanor shifted slightly and then recomposed. "You're wondering why you feel such a connection to me?" His eyes studied her face, carefully watching its changing expression. "There's no simple answer...and the answer isn't exactly what you seek." He could see the confusion spreading across her face, feeling her questions in the air. "I'm not your father, if that's what you're asking." Rey let out the breath she had been holding, her shoulders slumping forward. She had been searching her whole life for the family that abandoned her, with nothing but their false promises to hold onto. "Forgive me... It's just that I'm … Well—confused. I thought that I had put all of those questions behind me, that it didn't matter anymore...but in these last several months I... I've felt something... Something that I haven't felt in a very long time..." She pushed herself off the ground and onto her feet. Her gaze returned to the stars, silently naming the fading constellations he had taught her. "It's silly. Forget I even asked." The older man joined her in standing, looking to the gentle cerulean waves that were slowly turning copper-tinged in the early morning rays. The sun would soon break the watery surface in a blaze of golds and magenta, commencing the new day. "You have an old soul, Rey. One that is closely connected to my family. I'm not even sure how it has happened—but it has, and the only logical answer is that it is by the Force—that you are. It's not something myself, nor any Jedi before me has completely understood, not even the Sith." Luke dug his bared heels into the soft ground and willed himself to look at the girl. Woman. She wasn't a little girl anymore. "You were sent to Jakku for your own protection. Sent there because of what I feared for you—should General Snoke and my nephew learn of your origins—and what lies within you. Who —lies within you." Rey's gaze narrowed. He wasn't making any sense. She could sense the difficulty in explaining; as if still unconvinced. It made her anxious—maybe not knowing was better. Easier. "You-" he began and then paused, his eyes fluttering closed. She felt something amiss and drew closer to his side. His expression grew pained, and her hand mechanically reached out to him. There was a nauseating sensation that invaded her insides, her thoughts tunneled. Shaking her vision clear, Rey became aware that Luke's heartbeat began to race. "Leia." ***** The silver and blue droid hooted and purred as Luke and Rey busied themselves packing essentials. "R2, send Chewy a message to warm and ready the ship. We need to leave as soon as possible." The dutiful droid tutted happily and made its way to its mission. Rey threw a few articles of clothing into a knapsack and grabbed Luke’s lightsaber (the Jedi had taken to leaving it off his persons). Bolstering her saber staff to her hip she focused on setting the “presets” to the water vaporator and auto-mister for the makeshift greenhouse he had constructed. What the bloody hell was he getting at ? Her calloused fingertips traced the softness of a Lycandis plant, stirring the sweet pungent scent from its delicate petals. There was no time to finish their discussion, it would have to wait. ***** Their feet seemed to fly over the wet sand, particles of it clinging to their legs as they trudged through its weighted texture. The sound of the Millennium Falcon's engines filled Rey's ears, humming it's familiar tune. Her insides buzzed with anticipation. The last six months had been spent on the island with no one but Luke, Chewy, and R2 for company—and while that was certainly more than she ever had growing up, she did miss Fin. She wondered time to time how he was; moments when she could sense his thoughts of her, and she longed to sit and talk about all that had come to pass since she left him. **** The coolness of space wrapped around her like a fitted glove, embracing her like a long lost friend. The ship creaked and moaned awake in its stretching, reminding her how much she had missed the hum of its mechanic soul. Luke buzzed about the cabin nervously, desperate to touch base with his sister—eager for her confirmed safety (an answer Rey knew deep down was far from being good). She could feel it—he could feel it. She stared out at the stars, gaze transfixed on their glow. Could she reach out and touch them? What is it like to burn ? As a child she had often wondered what it would be to touch a star. Would she be engulfed in its splendorous blaze—consumed by the ferociously cruel heat and blinding light? Would she be afraid to burn that bright? Her fingers ached to reach out and grasp the sparkling orbs. Coarse sands no longer bound her feet. She was free to travel across galaxies, absorbing with every step its vast mysteries and ethereal red and blue worlds. I am the universe in motion. Her flesh prickled and the fine hairs stood on end; something stirred and inhabited her. " You were born of stars." Rey's heart nearly stopped cold in her chest, the blood drained from her face. Pupils dilated, the pulse in her neck visibly pumping with quickened tempo. That voice. It sent shivers down her spine and numbed her fingertips. She had heard it once before. Only once. She felt fear welling beneath sunkissed skin. "Are you unwell?" Luke's gruff voice asked behind her. Rey shook her head, eyes steadying on the constellations. "It's nothing." Luke gave her a disapproving look, knowing well that she was hiding something (he knew better than to pry just yet). Chewbaka howled from the pilot's cabin, alerting that there had been contact. Finally . Luke and Rey barreled into the small computer-strewn compartment, both anxious for news on the disturbance they had felt. "Rey, can you hear me?" The voice, a welcome tenor. "Fin– I'm here! Am I coming in clearly?" She felt a giddiness building . "The connection is a bit dodgy—our systems recently sustained damage, but yes–yes I can hear you. Is Skywalker with you?" "I am. Tell me, is General Organa with you?" His voice was steady, but there was an undertone of anxiousness. Fin was too quiet, another voice murmured in the background. "Fin?" Rey inquired. There was a loud pop and fizzle, his voice cut in and out. "She didn't tell anyone she was leaving. We didn't know—I'm sorry—otherwise we would have—she only took the stupid droid. We, we've lost contact with her..." The frequency popped and buzzed. "Dammit, where did she go?" Luke fumed. His grip on the back of Rey's seat tightened, the weathered leather squeaking in protest beneath his hands. "I'm sorry...Her coordinates suggest that she was headed to Moraband, but her ship's signal died about five hours ago. We've lost all contact with her. I'm sorry, sir." Fin's voice sounded sincere. Rey turned and looked at her mentor, his features pulled tight. She prodded him gently with her mind, anxious for him to speak. "Moraband? Isn't it abandoned? What could be there for her?” He let out a long sigh, his hand raking through his beard. "Ben. Her son." His gaze returned to the stars. "She's gone to bring him home." "That's suicide. Surely he will kill her too?" Rey felt sick inside, her innards twisted uncomfortably—as they always did when reminded of Han Solo. "No.... I don't think Ben would kill her himself, but General Snoke… Isn't above it. It would be the final leverage he needs to complete his “transformation” of my nephew; Ben's very last tie to his humanity. Rey wrapped her arms around her middle, acutely feeling the way her heart started at the mentioning of his name. She didn't know him. Wouldn't know him! He was a monster that deserved a swift and violent justice; a rabid dog that needed put down. Yet— something beckoned for her to look closer. It curled its way around her heart and warmed the blue black frost she held in secret for him. Sympathy. Tenderness. "Are we to rescue her then?" Rey's voice came out quiet but sturdy. "We're ready to assist, just tell us when and where." Fin's voice was aided with a few grunts of agreement by others with him. Her hazel eyes watched her teacher's expression; gauging the subtle twitches and thoughts beneath scarred flesh. Rey could feel his hesitation… “This is probably a trap,” she thought. One that would finally bring Luke Skywalker out of hiding. It had been what Kylo Ren had wanted all along–—using his own mother as a means of leverage.The beast had no loyalties. It made her sick. Luke’s bright blue eyes snapped to hers, and she nodded in silent agreement. "We do this alone." Chapter 3 : What A Good Woman Does Blood sings. The soul calls to flesh once one and heartbeats long ago shared; connection woven in red blood cells and cradled in amniotic warmth. The fingerprints and DNA of one's young never leaves the network of a mother's mind. Her blood sings to her babe; a lullaby of promised refuge. Traces of her soft and gentle kisses of worship never disappear from her child's brow. They are invisible tattoos of devotion; kept in diamond-strong memory's of the mother. No sin will deter her; no unforgivable deed can stomp out her immortal love. It is what nails her soul to her mortal bones. In the final days, when the mind is frail with age, it is the only memory left; a reality that carries them until the next life. Mother is always linked to her child. Child is like a mother's phantom limb; the marrow laments songs to the departed. She is always seeking to be reunited. Even in death. **** Leia Organa knew that to go alone was mad and potentially...suicide. She knew that her brother would have disapproved, and if Hans were still alive, he'd likely throttle her. It didn't matter. Her son needed her. She needed him. She would gladly accept whatever darkness waited for her. Nothing scared her more than losing Ben. She had waited long enough; taken the safe and logical route. Where did that leave her? Solo was dead and her only child was still lost to her...for now. Something desperate and teetering on insanity had to be done. Leia wouldn't wait any longer for her brother's return. This was something she alone needed to do. If she could see Ben just once, that's all it would take; she was sure of it. There was light still in him; her bones quaked with it. He needed to be reminded; needed to see that he wasn't completely lost. Ben needed to be found; and she was the only one left to find him. She could not see him for what he was now. Her heart wouldn't allow it. That was still her baby behind the mask; behind the horrors he had committed. No matter how corroded his soul had become, there was a primal assurance that she could reach past its acidity and find purity. No one wanted to save him; there was no voice left to cry out mercy on his behalf...no one but her. Leia was going to steal him away. Steal him back. Or die trying. Her mind reached out to him, prodding the force with her connection to him. He was there. Even in his hiding, he was always in plain sight to her. She felt the ripple of his reply run up her spine. Stay away, he warned. I can't anymore, she replied. She sensed his reluctance and shut out the warning that overcame her body in the form of chills. He could push all he wanted, but she wouldn't relent. Gripping the steering, Leia braced herself as she entered the planet's atmosphere. Her heart pounded in her ears, a rhythmic reminder of her mortality. Sheets of rain pounded the metal star cruiser as she navigated through charcoal clouds. I'm close . ***** Ren shifted uneasily at his mother's connection. Looking up from his gloved hands, he searched the blackened skies for a physical sign of her.- He had been meditating in his chambers when he felt her presence. His heart nearly tore from his chest at her forced motherly warmth. He could feel her reaching out to him, her tenderness beckoning him as it had when he was still a child. A smothered part of himself longed to welcome her offering of refuge, but it was quickly hushed by thoughts of what General Snoke would do should she continue her pursuit. He drew cold.- Walking out onto the balcony, the salty rain beat against him, plastering his black hair to his face and neck. His eyes searched, desperate to be proven wrong; but he could feel her presence drawing close. Stay away , he urged, hoping that she would sense his warning. Ren gripped the railing in frustration at her stubbornness. This wasn't what he wanted for her. Ever. He pushed her, sending a firm warning; swearing under his breath as she continued. He felt his mentor calling. His jaw clenched, temple thrumming with the grinding of his teeth. He was angry. Angry that she wouldn't forget him. Angrier that he would now have to find a way to convince Snoke not to kill her. It would raise a question of loyalty amongst his knights and his teacher. Damn you, mother. ***** "I sense unease in you. Your compassion for your mother will bring nothing but weakness." Kylo Ren's head bowed in respect for the ancient being, his mouth set in a grimace at his master's words. "How can I prove to you that Leia Organa is no threat to my loyalty?" Snoke folded his long skeletal fingers together, naked brow raising in question. "You suggest that I allow her to live? Do you think me ignorant of your feelings for her? Do not presume that I do not understand the bond between mother and child. She cannot bring herself to let you go. Her maternal will-will not allow it ." His leathery features tightened in thought. Ren's eyes shifted to the floor, his mind racing in scenarios of what was to come should he retaliate or obey. "My mother (the word sounding foreign on his lips) is not my master; but there will always be a loyalty I have to her. It's the kind of loyalty the Jedi were so adamant in eradicating. Did you not encourage me to break free from their teachings and dogma? Am I not to feel just as they do not feel? The force and power that flows within me, could not be, if it were not for her." He was grasping at air. He felt that at any moment, Snoke would bend him to his will. It was almost pointless in trying to assure her life. He cursed her again for the position she forced him into. Her sentiment was going to get both of them killed. "Your power is of your own volition, but a power nevertheless passed down through blood. Her presence will only bring weakness, and it is not something that can be afforded at this time. You must know that she means to take you away...' His pale blue eyes pierced Ren's, invading them with question. 'You will bring her to me. Mercy isn't something I grant to those who seek to dismantle what I have worked so hard to build. Yet... I cannot deny that she holds an untapped potential for greatness; being the daughter of Darth Vador. If she will not be swayed to join our side (her son's side), then she will join your father in death." His words were final, and Ren felt their weight settle in the pit of his stomach like cold stones. ***** The star cruiser landed at the star fleet's base. Ren watched as troopers boarded the small craft and removed his mother and her devoted droid C3PO. He watched her through reddened vision, his mask hiding the monstrosity that was her son beneath its onyx shell. Her feet seemed to freeze to the platform as she made eye contact with him. He wondered if she knew. She did. Leia Organa would know her son anywhere; no matter the wall he hid behind. "Ben..." Her voice cracked, eyes glistening with baited tears. "Take her to the holding cell for the night. The Supreme Leader wishes to welcome Lady Organa himself come morning." He watched her as she was led away, shutting out the way her presence made his heart skip with pain. Closing his eyes against his surroundings he centered himself before retreating to his quarters. The night would provide little sleep; if any. ***** His lungs burned and his heart drummed against its cage. Ren's brown eyes snapped opened in startled waking, his body rattling and quaking from dream. Again. Again he had dreamed of the light. It's warmth still encompassed his limbs. Breath came short an d strained. Pushing himself up, he hugged his legs to his chest in anchoring. She had felt closer this time. Real. Each time he had dreamt of her, the experience had been vivid; difficult to distinguish from reality. This time, he could still taste salt of the sea on her lips. He could feel the warmth of her body still echoing against his. Ren could still feel her. He could feel their connection unbroken by distance. Her heartbeat rang deafening in his ears. Rey . To think her name so boldly after so long, brought a dark and primal sensation to the surface. There was a change in the rushing and flow of his blood. It boiled as it twisted and turned through narrow portals, delivering life to his extremities. He could feel her urgency with each rhythmic pump of his heart. Ren's hand pressed against the flesh over the strong muscle, feeling the thrumming beneath. Six months of quiet patience had left him a shell. Training had been completed, Ben Solo suffocated out of sheer determination of eradicating any remaining "light"; yet, Kylo Ren could feel him. There was still life in the man, breath brought forth by this woman. A woman whom he knew almost nothing about. A woman who was determined to kill him. He smiled at the thought of it. She was coming here, and while the notion tickled his twisted sense of humor, he cursed her for it. Beneath the decayed facade he had created for himself, Ren cared for the girl. Stranger or not, she invaded his thoughts and steered repressed motives... He would not have her here. Not where she was sure to fall to Snoke. His master would have her, sucking all life from what made her burn bright like a Super Nova. Even the dark could revere the power of a star. She was his morning star, and he'd cut down anyone who tried to snuff out her light. Chapter 4 : Sins of The Blood Summary: It's a tad long-and I wanted to add more, but I figured it could wait til the next chapter. It shouldn't take me so long to get (5) done, especially with my eagerness of some actual trash time. I hope you enjoy digging through my garbage! As midnight came, he named every star in the sky after her. -Anonymous ***** Penance must be made. Wrongs need righted. Redemption. The child desires a connection. They yearn for belonging and unwavering acceptance. The unconditional love of a parent roots that child to their center of being; grounds them into past, present, and future. Without it, they wander through this life and the next; searching for the purpose and answer that evades them. It's a constant repetition, only broken by those strong enough to step out of the vicious cycle, in demand of a different destiny. **** They walk the skies, bringing balance when the scale of the Universe favors a force long past expiration. There must be balance. Light cannot matter without darkness; The power of darkness no longer as ominous without light. ***** She was coming; but not alone. Kylo Ren's chest felt weighted with premonitions. It brought emotions bleeding into the surface- causing sensations that he thought he cauterized. His mind was in turmoil over the presence of his mother, knowing that her fate was decided in his loyalty. She would never side with their forces. She had come for him and nothing else; her fate already sealed before the ultimatum given. He would have to make a choice as well, and his stomach twisted with the inevitable. Snoke would demand his compliance, and Ren was unsure if he had the will, let alone obedience to do what was required. The moral ambiguity was fueling a fire that needed squelching; quickly. On the other hand, the looming promise of his uncle and new apprentice's arrival set him on edge. His temple began throbbing from the habitual grinding of his teeth; a stress-induced response. He wanted nothing more than to strike down the man that radically oppressed him in his youth-to make him see the error in his determined shaping of Ben's future. His future was Kylo Ren's eternity, and he was God. His former master would know what it felt like to have his fate chosen for him-and finally feel the crushing and suffocating sensation of becoming insensate. He wanted to kill Luke Skywalker with his bare hands, and watch the way his pupils dilated and his sclera hemorrhaged as all signs of life were lost. Snoke had other plans for the Jedi; so Ren further strangled the already catatonic Ben Solo. His temper flared at the thought of Rey naively following her mentor to such a place. Stupid girl. Ren wanted nothing more than to make her his; to have her share in the dark kingdom that was his inheritance-the reward for the dark campaign. She would illuminate the pitch in him-casting a glow into the shadowy recesses of his soul. He could taste the darkness in her light... Feel the energy and exorbitance of her power seething underneath her mien. Snoke would feel it too. A dying creature will thirst for life. You should have never brought her here, Skywalker. His feet moved of their own accord, carrying him to a reluctant reunion. He counted the breaths he took, steadying the rhythm of his lungs; quieting the thoughts of his mind before rounding the corner to the holding cell corridor. Two of his knights stood on either side of the door, their figures solid and stoic as sculpted granite. Neither flinched nor spoke as he paused at the entryway; deciding whether or not he should order them to fetch Leia Organa, instead of him. Removing his glove, he placed his pale hand over the identity scanner, slowly inhaling and holding the oxygen captive in his lungs as he entered the room. Her head was resting atop her crossed arms, knees pulled to her chest in the fetal position. Ren noticed how much her hair had grayed, and when she looked up, he couldn't help but count the deep wrinkles around her eyes and mouth. Memories of smiles and laughter, or pained expressions of sorrow- he didn't know. She slowly lowered her legs, her joints popping in relief as she pushed herself up to stand. "It's you." Her voice was hushed. "Is it?" He asked, voice monotone. He stood motionless as she approached him, letting her see for herself, the truth. She stopped inches in front of him, her eyes looking him up and down; expression that of anguished acceptance. "Will you remove the mask?" She asked gently. Her eyes grew large and glassy. He watched as her hands went together and fumbled; as they always did when she was anxious. "Are you sure you want to see what's underneath?" He challenged, hands going to the sides of the helmet and undoing the clasps. "I am." Leia forced her hands to her side and nodded her head, chest raising in preparation. Ren removed the helmet in one swift movement and set it on the small table to his right. He turned to face her, his eyes taking in every expression her face had to offer. He watched as she shivered; smiled inside at the sound of her strangled gasp-the scar clearly unsettling her. Her aged hands reached out to him then, and he flinched back, avoiding her touch. "Oh Ben.... My sweet boy..." Ren turned away from her and walked to the other side of the room-eyes focusing on the pale grey of the concrete walls. "I'm sorry to disappoint you. Your sweet boy is gone." He turned to her, black-brown eyes staring intently into her own. His mouth pursed in careful restraint. Leia pursued him, unafraid of anything he'd say or do. This was her child, the being she had poured every ounce of love and devotion into. Any hellfire he reserved for her, she'd endure. "You're wrong. I see him in front of me. His heart still beats... I can feel it." Her hand reached out once more and touched his face. His cheek was warm underneath her cool touch; so human. She felt his energy pulsating; flaring with emotion. There was something more. Something he was hiding beneath the stone cold walls he built around himself. "You shouldn't have come." His voice was irritated, but he didn't pull away. "I had to." Her eyes reflected all her motherly adoration. "It isn't safe for you here." Her hand trailed to his dark hair, feeling the soft strands between her index finger and thumb. She closed her eyes in remembrance of the way it framed his face as a toddler; the way it smelled of cinnamon rolls. She remembered how his thick dark lashes fanned across his pale skin in peaceful sleep. Many nights she laid awake watching the rise and fall of his chest in deep slumber; his pouty pink lips suckling in phantom nursing. He was a beautiful baby. He was still beautiful; so much like his father. "I'm not leaving without you. I won't do it. Not ever again." Her jaw clenched in indignation. Always so damned stubborn... Im not a child anymore. He pulled away then and strode past her. "Do you know what awaits you here? I can't protect you." The right side of his face ached with the strain of his damaged facial muscles-tired from his clenching jaw. It made his whole head throb. "I don't need you to protect me. I can take care of myself." She countered. Ren shook his head, laughing in dismay at her obstinance. Is she really that fucking stupid? "He'll kill you if you don't submit. Do you understand that? Unless you present yourself as a voluntary asset, General Snoke has no use for you. Do tell me, mother...will you?...submit?-because I don't think you can bring yourself to... You were always too noble." He stared at her with an intensity that vibrated the whole room. He could feel the past emotions building and ebbing through his veins and into the air. The war inside that had ravaged him, originated in his upbringing; a childhood fraught with forced conformity and the oppression of emotion. It left him damaged and unstable; the ability to control his temper near impossible ... Until Control brought him to his knees and marred his face. Leia's large brown eyes glistened as she stared back-still only seeing the small boy she sent away with her brother. "Come home, Ben. Leave this place. You belong with your family." Her age-changed voice pleaded. He smiled wickedly then, and reached for the onyx helmet. "I am home, and I have no family. The Jedi taught me that." He slid the helmet over his head and fastened the clasps, his composure straightening with militarized discipline. In two long strides he was at the entrance to the cell. "Supreme Leader Snoke will see you now. I suggest you seriously consider his offer of mercy. You won't be given anymore opportunities, should you refuse. His hand covered the scanner and the steel door once again slid open with a metallic woosh. Exiting the cell, Ren paused between his men, hands casually folded behind his back. "General Organa is ready to be received." ***** Leia stood her ground as the two knights entered the room, she made no efforts to resist. Her mind was not focused on the way their iron grips bit into her forearms, bruising the tender flesh. Nor was it focused on the deafening silence of the two masked men leading her to her fate. It was on the way her son carried himself as he walked in front of her. She focused on the cat-like reflexes of his body; coiled and agile, with calculated movements. Battle-trained. She had never seen her son like this, and it gave him the airs of a stranger. A stranger whose heart's blood sang to hers. Leia could push him...burrow herself into his mind-but she had seen and felt enough to already know. He was hiding something. A mother would always know. ***** He watched as the older woman was forced to her knees. His jaw and fists clenched at the sound of her fragile kneecaps thudding against the polished floors; the painful collision of bone to stone echoing throughout the hall. She wasn't afraid; her demeanor expectant and poised. A true politician at heart. He bit back the queer urge to smile. "Leia Amidala Skywalker, again we meet. You're every bit as lovely now as you were ten years ago, when we last spoke. You entrusted your only child to me and my campaign. Tell me... are you satisfied with what my influence has brought?" Snoke's boney fingers gripped the arms of the throne-like chair he occupied. His scarred mouth twisted into a sardonic smile; slanted blue eyes lighting with charged amusement. Leia shifted in annoyance and quiet discomfort at the way her arms were still restrained by the unanimated men at her sides. Seeing this, Snoke waved a large hand, signaling his dismal of the two Knights. "There's no need to treat the General as if she were a common prisoner.' His gaze followed them before returning to her. 'Well? Has Kylo Ren made his infamous mother proud? Is he everything you hoped he'd be?" "His name is Ben, and he was always everything I hoped he'd be." She turned to look at her son, seeing past the mask. "Remove your covering, Ren. Let her see the unyielding force you have become." Snoke casually but forcefully commanded. Ren did as he was instructed, face free of its obstruction, his eyes stared at the woman he once regarded as "home". "Tell your mother what has become of your father." Snoke's voice bubbled with hushed tones of malice. Body stilled, voice balanced and even, Ren's gaze penetrated hers-forcing her compliance in listening. "Han Solo is dead." Her expression fell, the ease and finality in which he said those words breaking her heart. I'm not sorry. But I am. You're dead, Solo. Am I? He delved into the darkness and quiet, letting it consume and drown the dead man. His silent mind began to ripple with a warm cosmic blue energy. Connection. His heart dropped to the pit of his stomach. She was close. "Yes... And how did Han Solo die?" Kylo Ren's eyes refocused on their target. "I killed him. I killed him before I killed his son." Her mouth trembled, silent tears welling in the corners of her brown eyes. With shaking hands, she struggled to push herself back onto her feet-her gaze never breaking from his. "My son is not dead." Lelia's voice was sturdy, even as her face was full of controlled anguish. "No? Curious.... You're quite forgiving of the man who killed your husband-or your former-husband I should say." Snoke's teeth flashed in a treacherous grin. "You don't understand the depth of a mother's love, then." She bit, her hands balled into fists at her side. Her heart began to thrum heavily in her chest; blood pressure rising. Leia loved Han with all the fire of her soul, even in their mutually-decided separation. She mourned the loss of him with every breath she took; enraged at the fragility of his mortality. Many nights she laid awake-willing his spirit back into her lonely arms; only to be answered with emptiness and silence. His murderer, their son, the flesh of her flesh, was the only string tying her soul to her body. "A mother's love... Ah yes... Such unwavering devotion; marvelous to behold. Your mother too, had a very forgiving nature. She had the ability to see past the corrosive and destructive tendencies of your father, all of which, ultimately cost her her life." He clicked his tongue and pushed himself up to stand. His body told of his age; bowing his back into submission. He had collected more scars since she had last seen him. It was clear that General Snoke, despite his immeasurable power, was not immune to the wears of time. "You're very much like your father... Perhaps more so than your brother. You feel. You do not repress your emotions. There is balance in you, Leia Skywalker. Though your awakening delayed, the level of power within you is limitless-should you choose to hone it." "I'm afraid I must disappoint you, Snoke. I have no desire for power. Ive only come for my son." She crossed her arms below her breast. "Pity. I still have great need of him. Were you aware that your son asked me to spare your life; for my mercy? In gratitude of his loyal devotion to me, I could not refuse his request. Will you, in light of your son's revealed compassion for you, turn down my offer?" The ancient being approached Leia, his frame, age-bent, still towered over her. "You have no need of him. There are other pawns at your dispense." Her voice grew defensive. Snoke began to laugh, the sound of it spreading a sickness throughout her gut. Ren listened as his mother chose her words carefully with practiced skill. He thought on the times in his youth, when his mother spent many hours of the day waist-deep in political negotiations. This was her forte. This was her tune. It almost pained him, that she believed him to still be good at his core. Almost . It's your weakness. He knew that Snoke saw this. He knew that Snoke would use this in his method of persuasion. "Your brother would destroy your son, given the chance; as too would his new apprentice. Will you allow this?" He's baiting her. He's toying with motherly sentiments. Light. Kylo Ren felt his spinal cord tingle and briefly sting in alarm. He could feel the atmosphere shift. Skywalker . He knew that Snoke was already fully aware of the Jedi's presence, but as he looked to his mentor, he saw the flicker of surprise in those pale blue eyes. Rey . He must have not thought Skywalker foolish enough to bring the girl to such a place. Damnit . Ren felt his temper lurch in reaction to Snoke's surprise; feeling the sinister motives flowing off of him in thick-suffocating waves. Fuck ! All sense of sound funneled out into a humming. His head felt disconnected from his body-connecting with another's. Peaceful anticipation. Her mind hummed in meditation; nerves contained neatly in a glass box. " What are you doing here ?" Her voice echoed sharply. " Go back!" He roared. Ren forced her to lose her focus and instead see through his eyes-the danger that waited for her. " I'm not afraid. " She growled back. " Stupid fucking girl! " He pulled back, disconnecting. His eyes blurred for a moment, before focusing on the scene before him. Snoke's scarred face twisted in an amused but pained smile, his strangled laugh shaking his chest as his body hung prostrate, midair. "Good!" He wheezed. His mother's right hand shook with energy as she held it out in front of her, fingers slowly closing into a fist; the color in her eyes changing. Ren took a step forward but was met with an invisible wall, Leia's left hand reached out to him in warning, momentarily paralyzingly him. "Stay there, Ben." He could feel the energy in the room grow dark and seductive in its strength. Her eyes flashed menacingly as her invisible chokehold on Snoke tightened. Ren could feel the faltering in her control over him-her powers still too inexperienced-but nevertheless strong. He knew too well, that Snoke was allowing her dominance over him. He was letting her "best" him. It was a trick that Ben Solo succumbed to as well. "Who deserves your rage, Leia Skywalker?" The being croaked. "Ben Solo chose his path. I did not make that decision for him." A purple-tinged stream of blood began to run from his crooked nose. His teeth glistened with it as he laughed again, "was it not you who brought him to me?" His body stretched into a crucifix-spine forcefully straightened in obedience to her temper. "That's enough!" His tone was venomous. Breaking through the invisible blockade, Ren charged his mother, grabbing her by the wrist. "Release him, and make your choice. You will not be offered another chance." Leia's eyes glowed amber for a breath of a second before tears began to fall from them, returning them to their original shade of deep chocolate. "I rather die than watch him further destroy you." Her chest heaved, arm shaking as her fist grew tighter. General Snoke let out a choked laugh. "If you will not come with me, then you will have to kill me too." "Mother, don't-" he began. The heavy doors to the hall burst open with a startling bang, four Knights of Ren strode in as if summoned. Leia's eyes remained locked on her son's. "I won't stop, Ben." She promised. Holding up his right hand and signaling to his followers not to attack, he used his left to restrain his mother by the wrist-bending it unnaturally as to break her focus with pain. He forced himself to ignore the sound of her pained gasp as he physically forced her compliance-shoving her back to her knees. " I'm doing this for your own goo d!" He screamed inside. Snoke's body slowly lowered to the floor, and two of the Knights were quick to his aid; only to be pushed away by their leader. Ren's thoughts raced, his heartbeat coming fast and erratic he as inwardly struggled to make a decision. Skywalker was here. There were more coming. He needed more time. "Your brother has come for you...can you feel him? He's brought others as well. A girl, his new apprentice." Snoke hissed, pushing himself up to look at the woman. His mouth stretched into an amused snarl. Realization dawned on Leia, as she looked to her son, back to the cruel creature at their feet, then once again to Him. There. She felt the vibration at his touch, steeling up her arm and down her spine to the soles of her feet. Her son's eyes flashed, his bottom lip whispering a tremor. It was small, but she saw it. " Ben ." Ren's expression hardened at her telepathic intrusion. " No ." The corner of her mouth pulled, the wrinkles deepening at the apex of her upper lip. " Yes ." "Gather your Knights and bring Skywalker and his apprentice to me. Preferably unharmed....I have plans for the Jedi Master and the scavenger girl. Plans that require them to be of whole body." Snoke collected himself off the stone floor and moved towards his throne. Ren looked to his mother, still clutching her by the wrist; firmly but gently. "What is to become of General Organa?" Mother and son looked to the scarred General, both equally as concerned as the other. Raising his elongated finger, Snoke pointed to the ground in exaggerated emphasis; Leia's body painfully collided with the cold stone-her wrist yanking free of Ren's grasp. She let out an anguished groan, her limbs unable to move, her lungs barely taking breath under the invisible pressure. Kylo Ren stared, seemingly unmoved by her apparent distress. "Your mother will stay here and wait for your return with your uncle. Then, we will see how useful her life still is." Ren stormed the corridors, flanked by his blood-loyal Knights. His heartbeat echoed in his ears like a battle drum. It was all he could hear. All he could focus on as his nerves shot to hell. He could feel her. Every single breath her lungs stole, he could feel. He could feel the acidic rain on her skin; the weight of her drenched clothes against its slick suppleness. He could feel her searching for him. Calling to him. He felt her telepathic prodding of his mind, like fingertips gently stroking the petals of a flower. " I am ready." She whispered into the dark. 'I am coming for you. " " I am waiting." He growled. Chapter 5 : Woven Summary: So this chapter took longer to finish than I anticipated and for that, I'm sorry. Real life happened as well as abit of writer's block. Good news is that the next chapter is already being written; seeing as half of it was originally going to be included with this chapter. However, leaving this the way I did just seem so appropriate-considering how the next chapter will play out. I hope you all enjoy this, and stay tuned for chapter 6!**** "That we may merge into the deep and dazzling darkness, vanish into it, dissolve in it forever in an unbelievable bliss beyond imagination, for absolute nothingness representst absolute bliss." -Gregory of Nyssa (Greek: Γρηγόριος Νύσσης; c. 335 – c. 395) ***** Her heart drummed in steady rhythmic intervals as she felt the landing gears of the Millennium Falcon make contact with the desolate planet's surface. The starfighter's exoskeleton hummed as torrential rains battered the durasteal. Luke was busying himself with altering the course of action in the retrieval of his sister. The landscape would prove problematic on foot with all of the rain turning the normally desert-barren terrain into a silt laden bog. Still, they knew to get any closer to the Sith tombs would further compromise their mission. They would have to travel by foot and brave the tempered elements. This was okay with her. The rain never bothered Rey. She liked the rain; it was sand that she hated. The rain would be a welcome challenge. Rey closed her eyes and surrendered herself to momentary meditation. She let herself slip into a serene sea of peace. It was refreshing, like a gentle coastal breeze off the chilly waters of the ocean. Her thoughts settled like smooth rocks into the seabed of her mind; burrowing into the quiet recesses. Weightless. Focused. The damp sand pulled the arches of her feet downwards as the cool salty waters of the tide swirled and spun around her ankles. The air was crisp and the wind, urgent; pulling her arms and legs towards the sea like a beckoning siren. It sang to her. The loosened baby-fine strands of her hair danced in the wind, tickling her freckled cheekbones and upper lip. She felt her feet root themselves further into the corse grains of the beach as the water licked and splashed up her calv es. F orwards. Backwards. Forwards. Backwards. Backwards. Back.... Sinking. Salt. Grey. The dark abyss wove itself into sand-smoothed flesh; anchoring her to the endless deep. ~ ~~ Pine and warm iron filled her senses. Her eye-lids spasmed in reflex to the intrusion. The barriers parted. The shadowed presence charged and consumed; his will bending her into compliance. " What are you doing here?" " Go back! " His voice screamed through the chambers of her mind. The sound and feel of it gripped her at the core and rattled her without mercy. She was flooded with whispered words and grisly images. The forced message was broken and difficult to translate; but she understood enough. " I'm not afraid. " She pushed back. " Stupid fucking girl!" His voice roared through her head before silence once again filled the space. Her eyes watered in response as a foreboding shiver rippled down her spine. "Rey?" Luke's gruff voice drew her back into reality. His brows furrowed in knowing-concern. "I'm alright." She shook it off, and rolled back her shoulders, a smile pulling at the corners of her mouth. "I'm ready." His eyes narrowed, mouth-on the verge of saying something just as an alarm came over the Millennium's radar system. Chewy's gravelly barks of irritation could be heard from the cockpit, as Rey and Luke made their way to the nose of the ship. Flinging herself forward into the captain's seat, it's worn leather squawked in protest. She lowered the temperamental radar screen into better view, calloused fingers gliding over the holographic screen. Luke leaned over her shoulder, as her fingers mechanically enlarged the image on the microlensed glass. "Maybe TIE Fighters?" Rey squinted, her fingers sliding along its smooth surface, enlarging the frame. The screen blurred and scrambled, the frequency cutting in and out. Rey smacked the side of the receiver and swore. "Sonofabitch-" she flipped a few switches to her left and then busied herself with the wiring behind the dashboard, brow furrowing as she tried to clear the signal and get a better look. "Here," Luke reached over and fumbled with a few questionable buttons and dangerously frayed wires. After a few grunts in concentrated effort, the screen cleared and Rey was able to see that the incoming fighter was not of the First Order, but that of the Resistance. "Your friends I presume?" Luke nodded to the screen. "Mother of Kwath..." She groaned. Rey rubbed at her face in irritation and pushed herself up and over to the hyperwave scanner. Manually dialing into the private network, she leaned her forehead against the ship's warm computer system; fingers poised over the keyboard. Her message was evasive, but direct; testing the response for an indication of who it was. There was no answer. She reached out and felt the atmosphere for familiarity. It was there. Finn . "Damn that bucket head! He's always got to be so bloody heroic...he's going to get himself killed." She dialed into their transmitter, hacked the other ship's receiver, and held the speaker button down. "This is the Millennium Falcon, requesting that the pilot and his imbecilic partner Finn, explain exactly what it is they think they are doing." The line fizzled with static, but the pilot's laughter was clear as day. "I told you she'd be pissed....This is Poe Dameron, dashingly handsome pilot of the Black One. I'd like it to be known that I warned him...that you wouldn't take kindly to being undermined. I claim innocence in all of this." Rey rolled her eyes in agitation. They didn't have time for this. The rain was getting worse and her gut told her that the longer they remained on the wretched planet, the harder it would be to leave. "Rey, we couldn't let you and Skywalker have all the fun-" Finn began. "I'm not sure if I'd call it fun-" Poe laughed. "Finn, you will not be accompanying us." Her voice was commanding. She admired their bravery, but now wasn't the time nor place. "I can't be responsible for your life too while trying to rescue General Organa." This planet was far more sinister than she wanted to acknowledge. She could feel it. There was a magnetic pull-a distant howl of darkness outside the ship's protective hull. It filled her belly with invisible worms. "We will hang high and wait to hear from you. If there's any sign of trouble, I can't promise that I can keep Finn from doing something stupid." Poe's voice of questionable reason brought little relief. "But-" She could hear Finn start. "Do not give me reason to shish-kabob the two you with my saber!" Before he could reply she cut the connection. Her eyes squeezed shut, a sigh of irritation hissing between her lips. She felt a shifting in the force. Fear. Pain. Rey looked to her teacher and swallowed the hard lump in her throat. Luke's blue eyes reflected her inner emotions. "Leia." She whispered. "We go now." He replied. ***** The rain soaked through the thick grey cloak, the hood proving ineffective in deflecting the stinging rainfall from her face. Her boots were sodden with muck and it weighed her legs down as they trudged through the valley that led to the Sith temple. The weather was unforgiving, pressing them back two steps for every one they took. Hands wrist-deep in mud, she gripped the sludge coated hillside as they looked down into the courtyard. The ancient statues of the Sith stood tall and foreboding, beacons of an empire long succumbed to the elements and memories of war. Rey bit her lip in concentration -careful of her footing and grip as they climbed around for a closer look. She followed her mentor's gaze, seeing what drew his attention away from pushing onward. "I thought you said the temples were in ruin...?" She shouted over the rain. Luke turned to her, his hair completely plastered to his face. "It was..." The rain streamed along the slope of his nose and into his beard. "Snoke has been busy." He looked to the structures that expanded the main temple-the beginnings of a durasteel city melded into the ancient stone buildings. How ? Luke wondered. He had never before visited Moraband, but he remembered enough of its history to know that the planet was desolate and barren; nothing like what he saw now. Before him, was green. Fine young-grass trailed along the mountainside and down into the Temple's courtyard where it turned lush. There were no similarities in the terrain in which they landed and the one they beheld. In the distance, the small beginnings of forest could be seen. The courtyard was meticulously landscaped and designed for acolyte training. To the far left of the main entrance, a small starfighter port with a command shuttle and four assault landers sat idle. Searching the area he spotted the giant vaporators . The former moisture farmer in him stared wide-eyed, impressed at the magnitude and generated atmospheric output. Uncle Owen would have sold his own soul for a chance to own one of you, he thought. Snoke had begun to transform the planet; returning it to its origins. Such places designed for Sith training existed throughout the Galaxy. To his knowledge, most, if not all, had been abandoned; occupied by ghosts and whispers of the malignant. Luke had a sick feeling in his stomach as he motioned for Rey to follow. Visibly, the entrance was minimally guarded, but that meant very little to the experienced Jedi Master. They would take a less obvious route into the temple; avoiding all unnecessary interruptions. Deep inside his chest, behind the bones that caged his weary heart, he could sense that their presence on the planet did not go undetected. Snoke would have known of their arrival long before their transport landed; even before Luke had sensed his sister's distress. The ancient force- sensitive Snoke, was wiser than Luke had ever initially imagined-or wanted to believe. He knew that this was a trap-riddled game, long conceived before any of the participants realized their roles as pawns. " You've known for some time that this was coming." The voice flittered in Luke's mind. The Jedi Master stood watch as Rey busied herself at bypassing the building's alarm systems. " Yes ." He replied, turning to watch his apprentice pull free a steel panel and cut through colored wires-rerouting them into different ports. "R2 would have been faster." He voiced aloud. His comment was met with a grunt of irritation. "Says the man who refused to let me purchase a new scanner when our last one took a shit on us." She flinched back from the spray of sparks as she connected the last wires-the door sliding open in obedience. " No ... I said the one you were bartering for was an overpriced piece of junk." He retorted as they ducked inside the entrance. Rey flipped back her hood and gave him a challenging look, "And I told you that it only needed one minor repair-one that I've done hundreds of times. It was a good deal, and you should have trusted my judgement." She turned away then, her wet plaited hair whipped Luke across the face, causing him to hiss in annoyed offense. "Is there a specific way you wish to go? Or shall I lead the way?" Luke stared at her for a moment, seeing the strong Jedi she had become. Her training had not been met without reluctance on his part. He had sworn to never take on another apprentice; vowed to spend his days in meditation and repentance for the failures that plagued him. Like an atomic explosion, she melted his resolve, bending him to her will by means of persuasion. Persuasion in the form of unrelenting obstinance, unwelcome organizing and tinkering of his things, and her complete refusal to leave the island (even after a month of his pretending to be mute). She had stayed. He felt a wave of energy move through him with familiarity. Ben . His gaze re-focused on Rey, her anxious hazel eyes sparkled with electricity. Their clarity exhumed the buried emotions he had been repressing since the day he first met her. " I shouldn't have brought you here." "She must be allowed to follow her destiny." Obi Wan's voice interrupted Luke's thoughts. " She's not ready for this. " He nodded towards the empty corridor, ignoring the ease in which they navigated the grounds. " She's more ready than you were. Do not forget her spirit... It has faced darkness before." Rey turned and looked at him then, brow furrowed in confusion. " We both know how that ended." Luke sighed inwardly. "Master?" Her voice moved through the tunnels of his thoughts. " The soul is not bound to the sins of a past life. It is always changing; always regenerating." O bi Wan's voice faded. "Snoke knows we're here." He watched as her face changed. The same expression that came over her on the Millennium Falcon etched itself across her features. He had known for some time that she was being pulled away into the deep recesses of her mind-to what dark oblivion-he wasn't quite sure, but it unsettled him. She would never say; he would never ask. He felt the ignition of her crackling energy electrify the air around them. Her feet followed a path invisible to his eyes. He was calling to his master; his masked god. Her soul was the one that answered. "Rey-" he started, the mechanical doors at the end of the corridor slid open just before she reached them. Luke's robotic hand gripped his self-constructed light saber with practiced ease. The green plasma blade emerged from the alloy hilt, casting a glow of green against the reflective slate-tiled floor. His apprentice took a step back, her right hand slowly going to her hip, fingers curling around her saberstaff. It had been years since Luke last set his eyes on the face of his nephew. A paternal part of him ached with recognition of the man who stood before him. No longer the strong willed boy with a heart for adventure like his father, but a man turned rabid beast by corrupt powers. The Jedi's perceptive gaze took in the dark creature; saw the flicker of restrained fury in its eyes as they locked with his- and then shift into something else as they landed on Rey. Worship . ***** He was flanked by two knights on each side; all masked, but him. His hair was pulled back into a bun; attire was simple, but sleek, fitting his form like a black glove. The sleeves of his dress shirt stopped at his gloved palms, the buttoned collar ending just below his Adam's apple. Rey's right hand rested against the cool alloy of her saberstaff, her mouth curling into a cruel smile. She could feel Luke's will, beckoning her to his side, but she ignored it. Monster . The recently healed pink hue to his scar stood in angry contrast to the milky alabaster of his skin. His mouth pursed in silence, but his eyes shouted obscenities at her. A chill rippled down her back and into her legs, making them feel heavy and weak. " No you don't. Not this time ." She forced him back. "I see you've found a teacher." His eyes broke from her's and went back to his uncle. "Pity you didn't take my offer. It still stands...should you find yourself in need of a new mentor." Rey let out a sardonic laugh, taking a step towards him. "There's nothing You could teach me, that I would wish to learn." Ren's brown eyes lit with dark humor, and his mouth twitched with knowing just what he would teach her. "You lack imagination." "Where is your mother, Ben?" Luke's voice was sturdy behind her. The gentle swish of his robes indicated his cautious approach. Rey's eyes never left Ren's face; if a muscle twitched-she caught it. Kylo Ren's gaze turned apathetic as he looked to the aged Jedi Master, his disdain for the man evident in his tell-tale expression. "The General is with the Supreme Leader. If you wish, I can take you to her." His back straightened, mouth tightened at the corners, and his jaw clenched. Readied. He could feel Rey's distrusting eyes on him, her telepathic prodding tickled at the gateways of his mind. "You will not be met with any quarrel, that is, if you choose to come peacefully." His brown-black orbs cast to hers, inciting her retaliation. Rey's head turned at the sound of her mentor's saber extinguishing, confusion pulled her brows together as she looked back and forth between the two men. "Are we to trust the words of murderer ?" She spat. Her feet backed a few steps, her hand pulling her saber free. The statue-Knights came to life then. The two closest to her wielded sith forged weapons; one, a double bladed scythe and the other, a halberd. Both were constructed with kyber crystals, their red glow buzzed with dark plasmic energy in display of their skill. Rey triggered her saberstaff at arms length, royal blue plasma-blades emerged from each end. Her eyes lit with baited anticipation, the yearn for combat vibrating through her limbs. The two masked Knights began to approach but their advance was blocked by an invisible wall. Their leader shot them a deadly glare as he stepped between them and Rey. "Don't be so foolish." Ren's voice ridiculed, he did not look at her. Were his words for her or his followers-she couldn't tell, but she didn't feel like waiting around to find out. A hand squeezed her shoulder, "Put away your weapon. There's no need for it yet." Luke Skywalker came around to her side and gave her a disapproving look, before leaning into her, his voice hushed and guarded. "You will wait for my signal." They were led through the empty corridors of the temple . The walls were a blend of durasteel, fresh concrete, and ancient stone. The historical integrity had been left intact, despite the integration of technology. Kylo Ren stalked ahead of them, leading the way to Snoke and Organa. A knight on either side and two following suit, Rey couldn't ignore the unease she felt as they ventured deeper into the fortress. Her mentor seemed detached as they walked like prisoners to the guillotine. Rey fumed; her displeasure with the situation evident across her features. If she had had her way, she would have set the temple ablaze, fought one-armed with Leia clinging to her back. Instead she took the path of passive aggression, letting her teacher handle the negotiations- if they were to be called that. Rey's irritation boiled beneath the surface as her eyes bore into the beast's back. Thoughts of impaling him with her saber went through her head. She imagined the way the flesh would give as her plasmic blade penetrated his abdomen. Her ears filled with the sounds of his pained groans, his dark eyes widened in surprise as blood-bubbles formed in the corners of his mouth. He choked on it, his knees givin g beneath him; like a hollowed pine tree he crashed to the earth, the scent of charred flesh filling the air. " You still wish to kill me......Good ." He breathed into her. " Go fuck yourself. " Chapter 6 : Extracted Summary: Thank you @poorqueequeg for the motivation that I desperately needed <3 Sorry for such the lengthy hiatus! "He woke her then, trembling and obedient, she ate that burning heart out of his hand. Weeping, I saw him then depart from me. Could he daily feel a stab of hunger for her? Find nourishment in the very sight of her? I think so. But would she see through the bars of his plight, and ache for him?" -Dante Alighieri {Dante's Inferno} ***** Rey's eyes focused on the small sliver of exposed skin, where the baby-fine hairs sprung free of the trappings that tied back his locks. She imagined the raven black strands were as soft and delicate as they looked. The notion of anything about the man before her being delicate filled her stomach with discomfort and caused her nose to wrinkle in distaste. Yet—she could not ignore the way her fingers tingled with the desire to touch it's ebony softness. The interior had changed from mechanic and sterile to organic; its age echoing off the walls in a hum that left the room uncomfortably off . Ren's pace slowed to a halt before two massively engraved doors. His hand, lingered on the worn bronze levers, a moment too long–mind caught in hidden hesitation before forcefully pushing the doors open. Rey took in a deep breath and followed her mentor, eyes skimming over everything but the scarred creature seated on the cathedra before her. Leia knelt, almost ceremoniously to the right of the throne, body invisibly weighted in submission. The woman appeared intact, if not a little battered around the edges. A whisper tapped at her mind's door, drawing her eyes away from the woman to the slate floor before her. Rey felt the heaviness of the creature's gaze on her shoulders, testing her resilience. Something deep inside told her not to look; not to answer. Stone. She threw up her walls. I am stone. "Master Skywalker... I am honored by your presence. I must admit my disappointment in the circumstances for which you have chosen to visit—I am nevertheless pleased to have you here in my home." The creature leaned forward, a wicked smile pulled his thin lips apart–revealing finely pointed canines. Rey silenced her distaste as he leaned far enough into the light. Most-if not all, of the left side of his face was horrifically scarred, the majority of his left cheek missing entirely. An unforgiving scar ran along the cranium, the flesh tight and leathery, gave the impression that its origin was almost as ancient as the being whom it belonged. His piercing blue eyes shifted to Rey, a flicker of pleasure lighting their sinister depths. "I see you've acquired another apprentice." Rey's body went rigid under his scrutiny. "Her powers are... impressive...startling advance for someone with such limited training." He raised himself up and crept down from his platform. Movements, that of a venomous reptilian, coiled and rippled as silent feet drew near. Rey grounded herself, locking her eyes forward as he made his approach. Luke seemed unperturbed by Snoke; his disposition characteristically calm. He looked to his sister, sending waves of reassurance to her. " It will be alright." Her eyes shadowed, mouth tightened; all expression leaving her face. " You shouldn't have come, Luke." He merely smiled and gave a slight nod of respect to Snoke as he came face to face with the dark force that corrupted his nephew. "She has proven to be an eager learner,' his gaze flickered over to Ben–standing to Rey's left, silently observing; seemingly without any intent of hostility. 'But you know well, what I have come for." Snoke craned his neck towards the Jedi Master and smiled–all while drawing nearer to the girl. "Mmm—yes... I am aware." His clear gaze snapped back to Rey's and peered in. Stone. I am stone . She felt his push. Subtle at first, a mere tickle of curious measure that quickly turned concentrated and determined. Reminding her of the first time Kylo Ren probed her mind—this time, no such gentle ease or consideration would prepare her for the intrusion. Ren had been careful; almost compassionate. Snoke lacked the courtesy. "I suspect you wish me to relinquish your sister into your custody? You are well aware that she came of her own accord?" He pressed harder, heating the iron of Rey's mental fortress til it began to buckle. Her temple began to throb, the ache seeped into her spine and down the backs of her calves. She made no sound–no indication of discomfort. Her forehead shined with a thin layer of sweat as she held her ground. She could feel his immeasurable power chiseling away at her trained defenses; her heartbeat grew erratic, her gaze shifted to Kylo Ren for reasons she determined were of sheer disgust. ~ He felt her. He felt every bolt and beam slowly give way under Snoke's violent intrusion. He felt it as his own, just as he had as a boy; the whisper in the night–the phantom in the dark corner of the room. He looked to her, expression no longer devoid of thought; she reflected the pain he felt building inside. His right hand flexed in agitation, brow furrowing as he tried to disconnect himself from her. Ren was irritated by their link. His teeth clamped together in response to the "exposed" sensation it gave him. Vulnerability was to be eradicated at all costs. As curious as nature molded him to be, he withdrew all temptations to indulge his curiosities. He would not expose this weakness. He watched as the corner of Snoke's scarred mouth twitched, approval spreading across his marred features when he found what he was looking for. Ren's focus snapped back to the scavenger, connecting with her panicked eyes. Release. Rey's posture shifted, her gaze retreated to the floor as she regained her inner composure. "Leia was mistaken. It was foolish of my sister to come here, uninvited. I ask that you allow me to take her from this place—in peace." This pulled Ren's concentration from the girl back to his uncle. Luke's voice was even–but it hinted disapproval. Snoke turned around to face the general, eyeing the woman before waving his hand. Her form levitated, sailing towards them–her body still paralyzed in submission. Leia's feet lowered to the ground at his side; Snoke circled round her. "You already know that I cannot allow you all to leave." His eyes flashed menacingly. Rey sensed Luke's agitation–but then felt him relax. His arms folded across his chest—as they always did when he was simply annoyed. She readied herself, mentally rehearsing the "getaway" scenarios they had discussed earlier; careful to not think in complete thought. Images. Sounds. Her thoughts became mechanical. The proximity to Kylo Ren had proven to be greater an issue than she had originally believed. The ease in which he was able to gain access to her innermost thoughts unhinged her. She allowed her mind to drift into binary mode; deterring any means of easy translation. "There's no need for hostility. Surely you can see how futile such an attempt would be?" Luke deadpanned. Snoke's bent frame straightened, til he towered over the Jedi. The room grew heavy with electrical vibrations, waves of dark power rolling off of the creature. A low rumble shook his chest, the sound queer to the ears. "You've grown obscenely ignorant in your solitude, Skywalker." Out of the shadows, hooded figures began to emerge, the gratuitous space filled with thick–suffocating energy. "There's no need for this, Snoke." Luke bit. He felt his apprentice shift, but his focus remained on the threat. Snoke casually walked over to Kylo Ren, eyeing his apprentice curiously before seemingly making up his mind. He whipped around, finger pointing to Leia, "I'll allow you to take your sister and leave." The invisible bonds released the woman; her arms tested their freedom. 'but... your apprentice must stay." Rey's hands threw back the grey hood of her cloak, her hair still sodden from the rain, shined darkly in the dim light. Ren watched as her hand slid around the saber, her impassioned intent to cut down the scarred creature gave him a rush of repressed pleasure. "I will not be bargained for as if I were mere meal portions!" She snarled as Luke's whole hand reached out and gripped her forearm, staying it. Snoke smirked, "The child has a temper—to be sure—a fiery one at that." "Tread carefully, Snoke." Luke warned, hand releasing Rey. "Has your new apprentice informed you just how your nephew acquired such a scar? Did she tell you how it felt to cut him down?"He motioned towards Ren. Kylo Ren shifted in annoyance at the unwanted attention drawn to his face. He felt the way their gazes burned into his flesh, searing through cartilage and nerves. He fumed. "Enough with the bullshit subtleties." Snoke smiled turning back to Rey, his pointed teeth gleaming in the light. "You haven't told her yet." The statement was directed at Luke. "Afraid she'd succumb to her nature if she knew?" Her brows knit together in confusion. "Knew what? Master—?" She looked to Luke, his face a mixture of regret and anger. "I-" he began. The room filled with a thunderous crash that caused her head to spin and vision blur. Rey disconnected with her body as it sailed through the air and slammed to the stone floor. A sharp pain radiated up her left arm and into her neck–bringing her back to her mortality. A haze of shapes and painfully vibrant lights filled her vision. Red. And green. Flashes of yellow and orange. Smoke. Her nose wrinkled. Fire ? Her hearing was slowly coming back along with her cloudy eyesight; Rey's hand mechanically felt for the saberstaff that wasn't at her hip. Shit . " Get up!" His voice raged inside of her head. Her eyes watered at the force of it. Shaking her thoughts free, she pushed herself onto her feet, ignoring the throbbing pain in her shoulder. Hazel eyes searched the room for Luke and Leia, skimming over the debris of the temple and what appeared to be an X-Wing. A fire blazed at the crash site, rain pouring inside from the gaping hole in the dome ceiling. Oh gods—Finn! Stumbling over the heaps and piles of stone, she charged and coughed her way through smoke and flames; flashes of green alerting her to her master. "Luke!" She bellowed, as she came upon the confrontation between he and two Knights of Ren. ~ Luke's concentration never left his opponents, but he nodded to her in acknowledgement. "Find Leia and get out of here!" Cybernetic hand gripped the green saber– parrying the advances of the knight to Luke's right; while his other hand, palm-open, deflected the force lighting from the man at his left. She watched in horror as a familiar face emerged from the wreckage, red saber crackling as he approached Skywalker from behind. "Luke behi-" Rey started, as a bloodied hand gripped her injured shoulder and forced her to her knees. Snoke laughed maniacally, taking pleasure in the way she cried out in agony. "Pains of the flesh.... Can be a tool." His sclera, blood filled, gave the demon a far sinister appearance. His fingers bit into her shoulder once more. "Use it." Rey's vision swirled from the pain. She felt the dislocated humerus grind against the scapula under the increasing pressure, tendons and muscle extended til they snapped. She heard a feral growl ring out through her head in reply to the pain; or had she heard it aloud? Another guttural cry tore from her; casting stars in her eyes. "Use it!" Snoke hissed once more. "Go to hell!" She spat. Snoke's mouth opened, words resting on the tip of his tongue as a flash of metal collided with the scarred side of his face. "Rey, run !" Leia shouted, gripping a piece of steel paneling from the X-Wing. Forcing herself upward on wobbly legs, Rey grabbed Leia by the hand and dragged her. She would get the woman to safety, as promised; then come back for Luke and whatever remained of her friends. The fires blazed around them without mercy, the fuel from the star fighter pooling throughout the space, creating walls of flames and suffocating smoke. Despite the rain pouring in, the room had become an inferno. Rey and Leia clambered and dodged the rubble, both growing ever aware of how neither were pursued. As they reached the doors to the ceremonial hall, Leia looked back, her face haggard from exertion. Rey pulled at the older woman, demanding her compliance–but didn't protest when the general wrenched her wrist free. Walking around the woman, she came face to face with her. "I promised Luke that I would get you out of here." She shouted over the growing roar of the flames. Her right shoulder blazed with pain, the dislocated joint unnaturally set her arm at an excruciating angle. Rey shook off the overwhelming urge to pass out, focusing all her energy on getting back to the Falcon. Leia shook her head, her graying hair falling into her dirt-smudged face. "I'm not leaving without my son." Her jaw clenched in defiance, and Rey knew it was useless in trying to sway her; mind tricks proving pointless on another force-sensitive. The thought of incapacitating the older woman crossed her mind, but with a lame arm, there was little hope of that being a viable option. "Leia, please don't make this any harder than it has to be...your son..." Her eyes broke away and looked back at the fiery scene, searching for signs of her master in the fray. "He's made his choice..." Her bloodshot eyes snapped back to Leia's and she reached out to the woman in sympathy. "I know it's hard to accept, but now is really not the time to discuss this!" A quiver rippled in the Force. She should have felt his approach, but the mortal pain in her shoulder left her distracted; off . Rey saw the sinister reflection in the chocolate pools of the general's eyes before nerve endings could react to the commands of her central nervous system. Too slow . Too late , she swore "No!" Leia cried, her body hurtled out the doorframe and into the hallway, ancient doors slamming shut by an invisible hand. Her throat burned like the flames filling the room. She felt her eyes bulge in their sockets, sound all but muffled from the constricting grip around her throat. The padded soles of her feet lifted off the ground, the tips of her booted toes barely brushing the surface of the stone tile; and all she could think of was how cold and reptilian his touch was. " Fight back !" A voice bellowed inside. Was it hers? The lights flared and her vision blurred. " Focus !" Limbs were frozen and weightless, as if a mere puppet. Rey sputtered and gasped for air. The monster ripped through her mind, digging and tearing like a hungry demon through every sacred memory. Like before...but this ... This is worse. It's roar was deafening and suffocating as an ocean wave, tossing her like driftwood as it tore through her Limbic System, bloodying every neuron and axon. Her lungs burned, heart fluttered–panicked as she tried calling the obedience of her extremities. With every agonizing second and every painful bursting blood vessel in her eyes she felt herself succumbing to the dark. She thought of the mother she couldn't give face to; thought of the island, of soft black hair between her fingers—of pine. " I know who you are. I see the lives you have lived. You're the creation of the Force...chosen. Destiny would decide your fate...Your soul may be immortal, but the flesh is weak." T he creature hissed as he slammed her choking body against the granite doors. Her form slumped to the floor, bruised face pressed against the coolness of the ashen stone. Her nostrils filled with the grey matter, stirring a violent cough throughout her weak frame. She remained motionless, eyes closed. Burrowing inward, she searched for Luke, finding only an answer of silence. But something else, waited in the shadows. His face was covered in smudges of grey, a sheen of sweat upon his brow as he sauntered to his master's side. His molasses eyes locked on her unresponsive form, never leaving—never breaking their connection. He sensed her quiet stirrings, felt the slow ebb of energy flowing into her core. Rey could feel the rhythm of his heart as if it were her own, adrenaline pumping in and out of its chambers as he strode over to the side of her assailant. Snoke loomed above her, pale orbs hiding the inquisitive, but malignant mind. "Skywalker?" "Incapacitated, but subdued, as requested." Kylo Ren's voice was flat and careful, rendering no question of any inner emotion. "Good." Rey groaned inwardly at her plight , drawing on the small energy reserves that hadn't been choked out. Opening her mind to the monster she had maimed, she felt a flurry of emotions billowing beneath the surface as she saw his truth. "What is to become of the girl?" His tone hitched at the last, feeling her intrusion. Ren refocused, reigning the rabid animal as it snapped in response. Mine . Rey felt her body respond in retaliation to the notion of captivity and her fate being decided for her. Get up ! She screamed. "She must be destroyed." Snoke replied dully, momentarily turning his head to observe the shifting expression of his apprentice. "Destroyed? Surely her powers can be of use?" Ren replied, his brow knitting together. "She affects you, can you not sense it? She will make you weak . Has , made you weak. Your destiny is far too imperative for such a hollow pursuit. Sentiments as such are nothing more than a parasite. If it's a "plaything" you desire, it can be found elsewhere." Rey felted the sharp flare of pain shoot through her neck and chest as she tried using her lame arm to sit up. The discussion had proceeded long enough. She would lay victim no longer. "I do not think it wise to underestimate her power, her potential if only given the chance—I've seen her future..." Ren began. " You would do well to remember your place, Kylo Ren." The man dropped to his knees–saber falling from his grasp, pain etched itself across his features. The breath caught in his chest, body enveloped in a agonizing reminder of what obstinacy earned. "You are blinded by desires of the flesh." His deformed mandible clamped down in finality. Weathered hands wiped at the black blood oozing down into his vision–snarling as he sensed his creation's retaliation underneath his iron hold. His method of lecture intensified three fold. Ren's breath nearly stole away under the jarring pain of Snoke's reprimanding. "Have I not served you loyally, Master? Have I not—delivered on all ...that you have asked of me?" His teeth clenched with a force dangerously close to shattering his jaw. Irritated, Snoke turned on his student, back bowing as he craned his neck above him–hand hovering over the raven locks; his teeth bared in a smile fitting of an eel. "I do not question your loyalties, Ren. You have been a most dutiful servant of the Dark Side—but, this scavenger will be your undoing—I have foreseen it. This I cannot allow." In the same milo-second she had decided enough was enough, Rey felt the stirring of smoky air and ash swell against her faux expression of unconsciousness. Eyes startled open, she took in the blurred forms of master and apprentice in brute struggle. Pushing herself up weakly, she gaped dumbfounded as the two throttled one another. "Go!" He bellowed towards her, hands clasped like an iron vice around the reptile's neck. Kylo Ren's heartbeat thundered in her ears as if her own. Her temple flared in shared agony—warring the invisible onslaught of Snoke. Blood began to drizzle from his nose and ears as the muscles in his arms flexed–hands tightening with murderous intent. His molasses eyes snapped to her, pupils dilating from inner strain, "Leave now, while I still can—!" He shouted at her, voice full of agony and something else—regret? Rey's palms skimmed the doors to her escape, eyes never leaving the violent scene before her. She felt his urging behind her rib cage, felt every single intention and lost words as his mortality began to falter with his master's. " Go now!" She shuddered at the ferocity with which he pleaded to her soul. Her fingers began to tingle, phantom feet moving toward them as Snoke gained enough leverage to break free of Ren's vicious hold. Her gut clenched in protest to the notion of his demise. He was hers to kill. Rey felt nauseated by the sickly ease in which the head parted from the body. The scent of cauterized flesh filled her nostrils as she stared at the gasping man before her, molten eyes full of horrified dismay and something more—intimate. Her chest heaved from her exhausted efforts and the near incapacitating pain of her injured shoulder. His saber crackled at her side, feeling heavier now than it did when she used it to behead the creature at her feet. "You—" he choked, a spittle of blood pooling in the corners of his mouth. 'Why?" Her mouth tightened. "I don't know." Ren slumped forward onto his hands, gathering the strength to push himself onto his feet. Rey's lowered hand tightened around the foreign saber, heart still drumming in her chest as he approached her. Time was no longer discernible—nor relevant. His hand covered hers, triggering the extinguishing of the plasma blade and taking it. His head lowered to her level, "you feel it too." "I feel nothing." Her eyes watered. He smiled, pulling back to lock his eyes with hers. "We both know better." His right hand cupped her cheek for a breath of a moment before his fingers slid down her throat and her collarbone to the injured limb. His touch was explorative but delicate. Rey felt her consciousness swirl at his touch, the gentleness in which he examined her shoulder left an unbearable fire that radiated throughout her body. From injury or his touch? Now is not the time, she chided. "It needs to be set before anymore swelling occurs." As if questioned, Rey nodded her head, gaze averting and blurring as he grasped the dead limb to force it back into place. 'Ready?" Eyes back to his, she clenched her teeth. The sound of it echoed through her head, like a branch snapping in two. Stars. Smoke and stars. "You cannot stay here." His hand tightened around hers, bringing her back to reality. The pain in her arm all but gone, he led her away from the wreckage and to the entrance to the hall. Wrenching her hand free and backing away she stared incredulously at him,"I am not leaving without Luke." Ren shook his head, "You don't take me for that stupid, do you? You're much too loyal to just walk away from him, little deserving that he is. ' his eyes skimmed over her, smiling at the way she looked as if she would bite–given the chance. 'He and my mother are with my knights— safe...as much as it displeases me that he's alive and well, it is of little concern now." Ren turned and held his hand palm out towards the doors. "Oh—Sure... That makes me feel better. Tell me why I should trust you? Killing your own father came so easy—sorry if I seem hesitant to take your word." She scoffed, resisting the growing urge to knock him across the head. Kylo Ren force pushed the doors open, before reaching down into his boot and pulling free Rey's lost saberstaff—extending it to her. "Do you not understand what you and I have done? The First Order will be out for our heads—but that's of little concern compared to what others would do to us when they find out what has taken place here." Point taken. Looking back to the wreckage of the X Wing, Rey felt the pang for her lost friends surge up inside her. "Your friends aren't there—they never were. Stop wasting time and follow me before we both die from the fucking smoke." Ren gave Rey a swift shove towards the doors. Ass, she fumed. "I still want to kill you, you know." She growled. His mouth pulled into a twisted grin,"I know. Chapter 7 : Edit Summary: Friends! I will be skimming through my first chapters and reworking them. While I do not plan on altering much, I do need to tweak a few of them for canonical purposes as well as smoothing the flow of the storyline. I've come to this decision after reading Bloodline and feel like I owe it to myself as well as you to make a few changes. I will notify everyone as soon as possible of these changes and then move forward with Chapter 7 —which I feel confident you all will love. The slow simmer is building!!! Be ready! Chapter 7 will be on its way shortly! Just be patient with me as I make my fic edits!