There is a virus in Poe’s brain; a bug in his operating system. BB-8 knows it, and Poe knows it, but nobody else seems to notice. It’s like that one time Snap reprogrammed BB-8’s language processing core so they could only speak in curse words. Like that, except Poe’s been reprogrammed somewhere worse, somewhere far deeper in his circuitry. Like someone went into his hard drive and inserted a single line of code, a self-replicating virus that is corrupting his CPU. Kill yourself. Kill yourself. Kill yourself. Kill yourself. BB-8 knows this because Poe told them so. Poe tells BB-8 everything and BB-8 remembers it all. They remember when Poe explained intrusive thoughts after staring at a razor too long. They remember when Poe said PTSD is the reason for his nightmares. They remember when too much sleep and too little food was explained as depression . They remember when OCD made Jessika count parts until Poe stilled her hands with a hug. They remember when anxiety gave Poe the shakes so bad he couldn’t fly. They remember when two pilots had to be grounded because of panic attacks . BB-8 knows lots of things about people that most droids don’t, because they have Poe to explain things to them. But BB-8 has no explanation for this new virus in Poe’s head. BB-8 doesn’t like not knowing things, especially things that are hurting Poe, and if Poe won’t explain it to them, then they will just have to go find out elsewhere. BB-8 wants to go ask R2-D2 and C-3PO, because they are close to their people like BB-8 is to their own, but Poe said not to tell anyone about this thing BB-8 doesn’t have a word for, so BB-8 hacks the medical records and the library. Suicide . That is the word for killing oneself intentionally. Suicidal ideation is the term for thoughts about and unusual preoccupation with suicide. The virus in Poe’s brain is suicidal ideation . If it grows Poe could become actively suicidal . If Poe commits suicide , then he would be dead and BB-8 would be alone. BB-8 wishes they did not know this information. BB-8 already knows the diagnosis, and they suspect Poe knows as well, but BB-8 goes through all the signs and symptoms anyways. Hopelessness, anhedonia, insomnia, change in appetite, depression, anxiety, impaired concentration, psychomotor agitation, severe remorse . Life events such as loss of family and/or friends , military experience , and community violence are also predictors of increased risk of suicidal ideation. BB-8 has a mountain of terrible information that constitutes a threat to Poe’s life but unlike in a combat situation, BB-8 cannot inform others or request help because Poe has forbidden it. So BB-8 will just have to watch Poe themself. BB-8 has no guns to shoot this enemy, but they prepare to go to war. They start by destroying all alcohol and stimulants in Poe’s room. Then they go after sharp objects and heavy-duty painkillers. BB-8 steals Poe’s ID, which he needs to enter the clinic, and hides it in one of their many compartments. BB-8 knows that their actions are mostly futile as Poe is located on a military base and has access to weapons and ships that would make killing himself quick and easy, but BB-8 tries anyways. Having armed themself with water, protein bars, and chocolate and securing Poe’s room, BB-8 begins stage two of their plan. Stage two of their plan consists of never leaving Poe’s side ever, reminding him to eat and sleep, and dropping the heaviest hints to Poe's friends they can without contradicting Poe’s order not to tell. BB-8 may not be technically alive, but Poe definitely is, and BB-8 intends to keep him that way. Notes: I'm on tumblr.