__0_0__ The walk to the chamber seems like an eternity for both men summoned. It was accompanied with a sort of strained silence that you can only find attached to the senior officers of the Finalizer. Thoughts racing, Hux nearly missed the door to the chamber opening and the awaiting figure of the First Order’s Supreme Leader inside. That was never good for him, well, either of them to be frank. The bulkhead doors sealing shut behind them gave him chills, though he would never admit to it. Ren paused before the image and kneeled, his head bowed and figure taut with anticipation. Hux figured he should do this too, after their recent failure. It had been a week –a week and a half to be precise. Bending his lower extremities, Hux couldn’t help but feel like they were being watched, and from his peripherals vision, it seems that Ren felt it too. “I trust that the Finalizer is in its given course, General?” Piercing eyes focused on him and out of the corner of his eyes, Ren seemed like he was trying to find the source of the veiled intrusion. “Yes, it is supreme leader.” The towering figure shifted in front of them, appeased with the brief report. “Excellent. In light of recent events, I have decided to implement a project of mine. You will greet your new charge and take your new apprentice under your guidance.” A pause and his focus shifted to his right. “Ren, I expect you to show her what I have taught you. I will leave you to it General, Ren.” The loss of the supreme leader’s image did nothing to the unseen trespasser and its attention that, more or less, had Ren and himself on edge. They rose and turned, minding the space between their forms as they strode out of the chilling chamber and into the sterile hall of Hux’s beloved Finalizer. Thoughts racing yet again, Hux took into account the newcomer and how not only Ren would be breathing down his neck, but another pair of eyes that could possibly cost his good standing with Snoke. Making sure his mental blocks were in place, he allowed himself a small glimpse of Ren from his peripherals. Hux hopes that this would be an advancement, and not a form of detriment or test that Snoke sent to his domain to ensure his downfall. __0_0__ Rows of uniformed troopers stood at rest, waiting for a designated craft to arrive. With baited breath, their silent commanders is still feeling the muted presence, still unknown to them personally. Kylo Ren stood stock still, his eyes roaming. He could feel it but he couldn’t see it. The presence feels oddly familiar but it feels muted somehow, like it was far away…yet it was here. He let his eyes wander again and it lands to a rigid figure to his left. Hux, in his ever imperious stance, looked as if he wasn’t currently with them; the mind of the man was far too great and used to even spare him some of its structured attention. This seemed to worsen after the accidental bond that had occurred between them. If someone would have told him that he would be bonded to such man a week and a half ago, it would be met with either his saber or his force. Not like the fool would fare any better with Hux and his simmering temper. The man might not have the advantage of having the ability to utilize the force but his sensitivity and sharp mind more than makes up for his disadvantage. A sudden movement from said man drew his attention to Hux’s face. Stop it Ren. The warning went unheard and he shifted his attention to Hux and Hux alone. Don’t you dare start here –not now! His breach gave way to Hux shifting in his place as he vaguely sense Phasma’s exasperation. Ren let slip an amused curl on his lips. Why General? Afraid your men would see their esteem leader waiver? The sharp intake of breath to his left had him smirking beneath his helmet but the subsequent twitch on his right eye took everything in the volatile man not to shake with laughter. Behind the duo, Phasma was trying not to show her displeasure when she hears a soft whir of engines approach. A peculiar sense of knowing overtook her –a feeling that she knew who this stranger was. An equally peculiar craft landed and the wings generated enough wind for the bay to get a gust of it. Strange how the idiots in front of her were still not paying attention when even she could feel the newcomer’s energy radiating off of them in waves. True to their training, the troopers she commanded had snapped to attention and the welcome committee made way for their guest. An armored figure stood at the top of the shortened ramp, silver and black covering a small figure. Moving with barely a sound, she steadily made her way to the morons in front of her who were still unaware to what was happening. She could only close her eyes and sigh. Hux snapped out of it the moment he felt the presence’s closeness and saw the strange craft. It looked to be a heavily modified B-wing Starfighter –no doubt salvaged from a wreckage. The small figure gaining towards them, on the other hand, uneased him. This intrusion felt familiar, like he should know who this is. The same veiled presence, the comforting annoyance, the strange itch that feels as if it was a part of his…that he and Ren felt earlier was coming from none other than this petite figure! Blinking the shock away (and the constant buzz of Ren at the back of his mind), he regarded the figure with curiosity. Making sure that his mask was still in place, he straightened and fixed the elfin with a stare. Ren was startled to silence. Hux had pushed him out and blocked him. The feeling was back and it felt close –too close. He prodded the bay with the use of the force and was met with a gentle nudge as a result. The small figure that was slowly gaining distance looked at him. Two sets of darkened orbs locked to each other and a feeling of familiarity consumed him. Letting a smile curl his lips, Ren looked on. The girl gave a small tilt of her head and broke their shared contact. The girl stopped and stood, drawn to her full height. Even then, she only came up to his shoulders. Hux, staring at the girl, tried his hardest not to break bearing (the midget was trying so hard). Feeling the stare of Ren, he motioned him to move closer. The mass of a man stepped closer to the General. Standing in front of them, she now knew what Supreme Leader Snoke was trying not to blatantly tell her before. Well it wasn’t as if it was her fault that she inherited bad genetics! Meeting the general’s gaze, she blocked the onslaught of amusement coming from the troopers surrounding her. “General, it is an honor to finally meet you. I trust that Supreme Leader Snoke told you of my directive?” the thin smile he dished out to her only served to confuse her. “Yes. He also mentioned that you were to be placed under our guidance in the duration of your stay?” Ren seemingly leaned forward, either to intimidate her or to hear better she didn’t know. “That would be correct, general” The general seems to be pleased with the answer. “Very well. Follow me.” The majestic sweep of his greatcoat did nothing for him at all and the cape swish of the knight behind him made it just a tad bit more comical than it should have been for her. How do these bucket heads survive in this kind of setting? She might need to make one of these unfortunate Stormtroopers to teach her their ways. Moving to set off after them, a silver glint in her peripherals caught her gaze. With the spotted chrome armor, she’s willing to bet that this was the Stormtroopers captain. Maybe she could persuade this captain to teach her. Unlike the previous one who was full of bantha fodder, she hopes that this one could help her. Catching up to the men she was assigned to, they then resumed their silent trek. Speeding past, she tried memorizing the lay of the corridors, hence the reason why she hadn’t realized she was almost going to collide with the general until the knight had abruptly clutched her right shoulder and tried to kill her by pulling her non so gently towards his left. She isn’t going to mention how her short legs skimmed the surface of the floor nor is she also going to mention the undignified oomph she let out when she, more or less, crashed on his left side. It’s safe to say that Snoke would soon have an angry midget ‘reporting’ his ear off. Notes: I'm new to this so just leave whatever comments or criticisms you have plz =) Depending on the feedback I have, I just might continue this =)