The Encounter On a lovely day like this, who wouldn't want to spill some blood? Or at least, that's what Hux considered as he stared blankly into space, his chin in his hands as he slouched over a standard massage table at his station. Loud music filled the air of his tattoo shop, the songs and sound accompanied by the loud buzzing of several machines being put to good use. It was a sound that he had gotten use to over the years, like an angry bee swarming around his head and nesting in his ear. It was both a welcoming sound as well as a warning. He let out a soft sigh and leaned back. He was fixated on this forearm tattoo, the woman giving him no clear direction to take with the art yet somehow his ideas just weren't fitting the bill. Hux had no other appointments and settled for wracking his brain on this piece that was testing his knowledge as an artist. After a steady 10 years in the business, dilemmas like this were still rather common but much easier to solve after all of the practice. He heard a distinct ring, alerting him somebody had entered the shop and was talking with their front desk help. He and every other artist working turned their heads almost instinctually, Hux couldn't help but chuckle. It was a habit everybody in the shop had, Especially when it meant potential business. Hux readjusted his vest, a deep red that contrasted well with his black undershirt. The sleeves had been rolled up to allow him ease of work, exposing pale arms dusted gently with freckles that danced with the ink that littered his skin and told stories. His brow furrowed as his pencil flowed over the paper, attempting to translate his thoughts and visions. A voice cut his concentration as he looked up, allowing his expression to relax. The shop's receptionist stood in front of his station, letting him know that somebody was interested in something small and if he had time at the moment to do so. He weighted his options for a moment, most of the work day had already passed and he was comfortable working on his current project. He shrugged, money was money. He nodded in agreement and asked if they could step back so he could talk more with them about what they wanted. Pads of paper were closed and set aside so Hux could give his potential client his undivided attention. Hux turned his eyes towards the sound of shuffling feet and was greeted by a tall gentleman with short, dark brown hair that curled like waves as it framed his face and abruptly stopped at the base of his neck. There was something about him that struck curiosity deep within the artist. Hux wondered if he had any other tattoos or if this was his first; and if he had others just exactly where were they. His arms appeared bare and pale, as if hidden away from the sun all his life. The almost lavender tinted white skin was kissed with small moles that trailed onto his face and what he presumed the rest of his body. "How exactly can I help you today?" Hux smiled genuinely as he did with all of his clients. Small attention to details and care not only pushed his art out from the crowd, but kept his body of clientele devoted to his work. Hux gestured to the office chair a few feet from his table. "Please, sit." The man pulled the chair over and sat with his hands in his lap. His eyes were bright and attentive, brimming with what Hux was hoping were possibilities for art and a piece that brought both of them excitement and pride as he strived for with all of his tattoos. "I wanted to get something small, I don't have any tattoos yet and I wanna see what I'm getting into before anything else." He chuckled. So he did have more ideas. "Just a small series of constellations on the top of my wrist, nothing crazy." He pulled out a printed off picture of the star clutter he was talking about. Hux loved when clients brought reference in for him, it made his job easier than he could ever tell them. "I can absolutely get this done today. It will cost around our shop minimum..." Hux trailed off, this was usually where people would leave him on a thank you and an empty promise for next time. Most people wanted cheap work, Hux wasn't in that business. He was there to offer only the best. "Oh I don't mind, I'll pay whatever you need me to." He grinned ear to ear. Hux already liked this man. "I never did catch your name?" Hux spoke as he began cleaning his table off and putting his possessions away so he could begin setting up his work area. "It's Kylo." Kylo, that's a different name. In his years of working at more than one shop, Hux had met many people and many different walks of life. Every shape, size, gender, age, you name it. "Well Kylo, I need to finish setting up. If you wouldn't mind filling out some paper work up front, then you can rest in our waiting room until I get you or you are welcome to sit back here." Kylo nodded and stood up, following instructions as he made his way up to the front. Hux set to work, wrapping his utensils and setting out machines. Who would have thought something that fit in the palm of his hand could bring such pain and such beauty? He didn't like to admit it, but there was something attractive about the scent of the tattoo shop. He couldn't put his finger quite on it; something akin to the combination of soap, ointment, and blood forming over open skin. He was situating the needles he would be using in their proper tubes as Kylo wandered back to his station, eyes fluttering under long dark eyelashes. He looked nervous to say the least. "Is it ok if I watch you set up?" Hux nodded and Kylo eased himself down into the chair, watching him set up inks and wrap bottles carefully. He stepped away only for a few minutes before returning with a stencil ready in his hand. He patted the table and set the piece of paper aside, sliding his hands into jet black latex gloves that matched his shirt. Kylo slid up on the table and laid down, listening attentively as Hux began cleaning his snow white skin and explaining the steps he was taking as he prepared him for what was to come. Once Kylo was able to look over the stencil's placement on his body, he took a deep breath and nodded. This was about to become part of him forever, that alone was more intimidating than any pain. "Don't worry, everybody assumes it's much worse than it actually is." Hux smiled and rubbed some ointment over the stencil once Kylo laid back down. He tapped the switch under his foot barely and the machine came alive under his hand. It buzzed furiously, seeking skin to break and flood with ink and would not stop until it had fulfilled it's purpose. "I'm going to start right here, ok?" Hux looked up and paused, waiting only until Kylo nodded in agreement. "Alright then, here we go." He took Kylo's wrist in his hand, the man's pulse was flowing rapidly under skin that was warm to his touch. Pulling it taunt under his fingers, he situated his hand and carefully drew a single line with the needle. Blood and ink pooled to the skin's surface, it was impossible to tell which was which. The beginning stages of a tattoo usually were the same for him, but he almost felt guilty knowing he was about to put this man through pain. He looked up and chuckled, Kylo's face showing immediate relief. "Not so bad now, is it?" A shake of his head and smile reassured Hux he was doing his job perfectly. "I barely even feel it. Kind of like a cat scratch..." Smirking to himself at the man's satisfaction, Hux continued about his job. Line, dot, line, dot, circle, line. He loved the feeling of bone vibrating under his machine as he drew a line and the scent of ink and blood filled his nostrils. Hux loved his job. "Look at that, already done." Kylo perked up about 10 minutes later. "Already?" He cocked his head and sat up, offering his slightly reddened and ink smeared wrist to Hux who graciously took a cool towel covered with green soap and pressed it to the now tender skin, rubbing slowly until all traces of blood and black ink had been wiped away to leave only the art underneath. Kylo couldn't help but stare, utterly fascinated at the carefully placed dots and lines that now decorated his skin. A smile broke out over his face as he looked up at Hux like a child with a new toy. "It's perfect, thank you." Hux took Kylo's hand carefully and rubbed some ointment over it, wincing when he heard a small hiss sift through the lips above him. "My apologies, it's normal to be tender after." He offered a comforting smile and placed a small black bandage over the area. After taping it secure, he pressed his hand onto the bandage, assuring himself the tape had stuck properly and would not expose the new art to any unnecessary elements. He looked up at Kylo who's eyes held nothing but excitement as he wiggled his wrist. There was something intriguing and beautiful about him. "I'm glad you were available today actually, I've seen a lot of your work around town." Kylo spoke up, catching Hux off guard as he put away a spare bandage he hadn't used. "Your work is amazing." The words radiated through Hux's body, feeling his fingers tingle and ears redden at the compliment. "When you're ready I'd be happy to do more work for you." Kylo leaned down to take his bag, listening intently as Hux explained aftercare and how to ensure his art would heal and look it's absolute best. It was a small speech Hux had said thousands of times, he could probably utter it in his sleep at this point. He folded his hands in his lap after the last syllable passed over his tongue and he looked up at those eyes, asking if Kylo had any questions. "Just one. Should I call the shop if I have any questions when it's healing?" Hux thought for a moment before he turned to his station and pulled out a business card. The back had a blank section for appointment details as well as which artist and what time. Hux scribbled his phone number on the open space and handed it to Kylo. "That way if you need something and it's after hours you can get in touch with me and I can answer any questions." Kylo slid the card into his front shirt pocket and pulled out some money, sheepishly handing it to Hux and thanking him graciously before heading to the front door. "See you for the next one!" Hux called out as Kylo stepped through the door smiling back before closing it and walked off. Hux let out a sigh, the space felt empty suddenly. He glanced through his pocket and counted the money to make sure Kylo had paid properly. He had, and had tipped an extra 40$. Hux was praying he would come back and elaborate further on those ideas he had. - The next week was relatively busy thankfully. Hux had done a number of sessions on pieces in progress, which included a second session on a calf piece he had started on a mom, detailing some flowers to match lettering that flowered from the bend in her knee to her ankle that day. He thanked her and set about cleaning his station. Stripping all of the protecting layers from their surface and wiping them down carefully. Once he had finished, he dug into his bag to retrieve his phone. No new messages. He let out a small sigh and slumped over his table, trying to decide if he were better off getting his book out and drawing or just relaxing until closing time. It was about an hour away, he settled for relaxing on their couch in the waiting room and toying with his phone. Hux drug a hand through his short orange hair, combing it back and relieving a small bit of tension as he attempted to wind down from the day. A tone rung out and caught Hux's attention, he held his phone up and read the incoming text from a number he had never seen before. "Are you still at the shop?" Was all it read. Hux typed out a 'yes' before hitting send and setting his phone aside. He was use to clients with larger pieces messaging back and forth with him. He thought little of it, if anything he felt something along the lines of mild irritation knowing he couldn't slip out of work early. He let his body relax and go limp in the chair, his head tipping back and he grimaced. A dull throb of pain radiating through his shoulder muscles wrapped around to under his collar bone. It was a pain he was use to from years of bad posture in drawing and tattooing, most things he had tried never really helped so he had come to terms with it being part of the hobby. Hux closed his eyes, shutting out the environment he had come to know and love over the years. Though he really wish this ache in his back would go away for once. "Am I interrupting?" A familiar voice rang out, Hux opened one eye only to be greeted by the familiar black curls of Kylo. His jacket sleeves were pushed up and displayed the wrist piece Hux had done, wonderfully dotting his light skin as if it had been there all of his life. "How'd you heal up?" Hux sat up, taking his wrist as Kylo offered it to him. Nothing seemed out of place and the ink was settled into his skin, which was warm and soft to the touch. "No problems healing, I didn't expect it to go so fast." Kylo offered a kind grin. "I'm ready for the next one." He pulled out a small bundle of papers, what looked to be about 5 or 6 with printed images and notes written on them. Kylo had messy hand writing but Hux could read the majority of it. Nebulas, galaxies, planets, vibrant expanses of color and detail tempted Hux's mind, drawing him in like prey. His eyes were darting over every image, every written letter, absorbing it all and piecing it bit by bit together into a masterpiece to be carved out of skin and blood. "I love it." Hux muttered, he had so many ideas and so many possibilities. "Where is all of this going?" Kylo looked down at himself and pointed to the front of his jacket, making a large vague circle. "My chest." He looked up at Hux. "Do you think that can be done?" "Oh completely." Hux admired the man's bravery. Or stupidity. To jump from a small wrist tattoo to a chest piece was bold to say the least, it was a lot more time and a lot more pain. The thought dwindled in his head throughout it all, of Kylo under his hand for hours at a time. That alone was convincing enough. "Let me get my sketchbook and let's figure out how we're gonna do all this." Hux looked up at Kylo with a wild smile, he thrived on large pieces. He disappeared and returned momentarily before motioning for Kylo to join him on the couch. The two sat comparing and drawing as Hux watched the rest of his shop pack their bags and leave for the day, until there sat only him and Kylo in the entire shop. It felt as if their conversations went on for ages, discussing everything from colors to placement and everything in between. They finally settled on a design straight in the center of Kylo's chest with various wisps and colors extending over each pec. It was going to be extensive, Hux made that clear and Kylo nodded in agreement. At least he knew what he was getting into. "Before we finish up, I'd like to get a shot of your chest." Hux explained how he would take pictures of whatever body part he was going to work on and drew on it, it allowed him to draw the size of everything and placement a lot more accurately and remove any uncertainties when it came to the day of laying it on. Kylo stood up and began removing his jacket and shirt, Hux's breath stilled as pale skin kissed with small black moles was revealed to him. "Using that as an excuse to get me out of my clothes?" Kylo chuckled and tossed his jacket on top of his bag. "It worked, didn't it?" Hux snorted and positioned his phone so that Kylo's shoulders and full chest were in frame before snapping a few pictures. He wasn't about to tell Kylo it was more or less an excuse, yes, but the photos of his chest were absolutely necessary as well. It just happened to be a very good excuse. He mused over Kylo's thin but nicely toned build, it enough to make Hux consider moving an appointment or two to get him in sooner. "I have time next week we can get started, or would that be too soon?" Hux trailed off as he browsed through his schedule book. He had one client that was in all the time for small things, he could easily move him to another day. "What day?" "Wednesday, at noon?" Hux looked up at Kylo who was peering over his shoulder at his book. He was wearing a high end cologne; it smelled wonderful, almost to the point of making his mouth water. Kylo had good taste not only in body art but scents apparently as well. "Let's do it. I have that day off." Grinning, Hux, took a card and wrote the appointment date for Kylo on the back. He took the card and turned it over in his fingers, as if contemplating something before tossing it aside and tucking the card away for safe keeping as he began pulling his clothes back on. His short black hair becoming tousled as he tugged his shirt over his head, sticking up in various directions and making Hux snort. "Whatcha doing the rest of the night?" Kylo looked over as he threaded his arm through a jacket sleeve, only receiving a shrug from Hux. "I don't have any plans really. Eat, sleep, get ready for one more day of work before the weekend." Hux closed his sketchbook and set aside his pencils. "I'm not very exciting." He chuckled before adding "How about you?" "Sleep. Lots." Kylo slung his bag over his shoulder, a small yawn escaping over his lips that was rather nicely timed. "So I'll see you next week?" -- At this point next week could have been next year, Hux groaned inwardly at himself as he slouched over his bed and crawled in. The drawing wouldn't take long at all but his sudden interest in his client put pressure on him that emphasized the pain in his shoulders. Unnecessary tension. What he wouldn't give for a back rub to take his mind away from that stupid ache. Hux closed his eyes, conjuring a mental image of Kylo's large hands pressing into the muscles of his back. Warm and slightly rough, just enough so he knew where each finger was as it passed over his skin. He hummed as he thought about a breath ghosting over the back of his neck as hands danced over dips and bumps across his back, goosebumps erupting at the thought of it. Tracing each rise and fall of his body and pressing into tender joints, enough so to bring out faint whimpers of pain. Being a tattoo artist, Hux had his fair share of tattoos as well that made their way down and over his skin. He would hope that Kylo might find them as fascinating as he would and take the time to study them as they brushed together. Wonder what stories they told, and what he had to go through to tell these stories across the surface of his being. Hux was leaning back in his bed now, the only source of light in the inky black room coming from the dim clock on his nightstand. He ran a hand over his stomach and felt the muscles under the skin, if his mind wasn't wondering off with other thoughts he could name each one off the top of his head. His eyebrows scrunched together as his finger tips found the edge of his boxers. He bit his lip in hesitation, but dipped his hand below the fabric to find that he was already semi hard. Unfurrowing his brow, he let out a sigh as he squeezed the base of his cock and started stroking himself. Slowly letting his hands work himself over, he relaxed into his pillow and brought his thoughts back to Kylo. He pictured Kylo's soft lips slowly running over his body, nipping and kissing at bones and skin in their path. He might stop and let his tongue lap over Hux's nipple just to watch his expression change and a faint groan trickle over his own lips. Kylo would repeat the action, even daring to sink his teeth into the skin of Hux's chest and leave marks in his path. Hux wouldn't mind, he hoped Kylo would leave more. He would feel his breathing hitch slightly as Kylo would lock eyes with him as lips caressed his treasure trail, the sight of Kylo laying between his legs with his mouth against heated skin made his dick twitch. With a swift tug he discarded his boxers and tossed them haphazardly into the dark room. In the faint glow of his clock he could see his cock hard and dripping, begging for more attention. He swiped a couple fingers over the head and brought drops of precome up to his mouth, sucking the digits clean and groaning around them as he resumed jerking himself. Hux pictured Kylo's lips now wrapped around his cock. Almost as if they were meant to be there, they wrapped perfectly around his shaft and took him tip to base with little effort. Hux found his own breath caught in his throat at the image, letting out a shaky moan and thrusted up into his hands. A whimper escaped as he pressed his thumb into the slit of his head, feeling precome gush over his skin. He would whisper sticky sweet words to Kylo as he bobbed his head up and down his cock. Letting him know how good his baby boy sucked him, and how gorgeous he looked with his mouth full. All while tangling his hands in those soft looking brown curls of hair, pulling it out of Kylo's face so he could watch his cock slide in and out of those plump lips. Hux's body trembled slightly, he knew he was getting close. Hux took a hand between his teeth and prepared to bite down just in case, he knew he had the tendency of being rather vocal on occasions. He let one last image of Kylo with his mouth open wide and waiting for him to finish over his face dance through his mind before he came. His teeth dug hard into the muscle of his palm and eyes clenched shut, barely muffling a loud cry as cum shot onto his stomach and dripped down over his hand. His cock twitched a few times before starting to soften as Hux let his head tip back. He smiled and let out a small hum, enjoying the wave of endorphins softly blanketing his body. It brought a momentary relief from the stress of his every day life, though there was still a part of him. Tugging at the back of his mind, telling him how wrong it was to think of a client like this. He was a professional business man, not a teenager. Hux sighed and ran his clean hand through his hair, trying to ignore the nagging voice. Every one of his coworkers and fellow artists had met their loved one through tattooing them. He could indulge a little. A smile tugged at the corner of his mouth, Wednesday would be here all too slowly yet entirely too quick. Notes: Poor horny Hux, what's a boy suppose to do ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ I hope you guys enjoyed! A side note, I am an actual tattoo artist myself so a lot of the processes that Hux goes through are what we go through as well (Though I haven't ever found myself in this position over a client). Tattoos are fun, get lots. More to come soon!