annoying neighbors & frustration He had finally done it. The man accomplished at least one good thing so far in his life, and this was it. Hux had finally worked enough at that wretched job of his to move to New York. Well, Williamsburg, Brooklyn, actually, (he chose to move there as it was cheaper than living in New York City but it was still busy and lively) but he had told his...comrades, he should say, that he was moving to New York to shorten the explanations. He wasn't sure how much longer he could handle his co-workers' lack of intelligence. They thoroughly pissed him off. He was glad to be rid of them. Now he was working as an editor for a fairly sizable magazine company, and he was working from New York. He means, he was going to be working from New York–he wasn't in New York yet, actually. He was thankful his father had given him the keys to his new home already, as he knew he could not handle the pressure of getting the apartment himself. He was moving from his cozy apartment complex in Northern California to the whole other side of the country. And he had one day to get there. He was going to miss his old apartment. He wasn't going to miss his neighbors, though. Those loud and obnoxious partygoers made him want to slam his head against the wall. Brendol Hux was always a quiet, reserved man. People always told him he was a total Ravenclaw. He thought that was pretty reasonable. Packing was a total hassle. He didn't know what to take. What do you even pack when you're moving to Brooklyn? He decided to try pack all of the clothes he had in his closet, as well as his bedsheets and pillow. He only had one suitcase, so he left most of his old worn out t-shirts and pants. Of course, he took his favorite black coat. He couldn't ever leave the house without it. Oh, and he also took his black purse. His no good co-workers used to throw "witty" insults at him for using a "man bag" but they didn't know that it was actually extremely useful. He kept snacks, medicine, a scarf, reading glasses, sunglasses, hairspray, hair gel, a comb, his wallet, a notebook, gel pens, and everything else there was to keep in it. Brendol considered himself quite prepared. He said goodbye to his crowded apartment complex building for the last time and headed to the ground floor. He got a taxi. This was it. He was leaving California for New York. How did this ever happen? Chapter 2 : sub sandwich & agitation The airport was packed. When he says packed, he means packed. Brendol wasn't even sure if he'd catch his flight on time. Well, he'd have to, actually. He couldn't just miss his flight. That was unheard of. He thanked the taxi driver and payed briskly before taking his single suitcase and running into the airport. He got into the check in line and got his ticket. Security and bag check was a disaster–families with crying children, people in suits rushing to work (oh well, that was going to be him in a few days), whole classes of students going on educational trips (he always wanted to go on a school trip to another state with his class, never did), and couples going on holiday (that made him pretty sad, he hadn't been in a relationship since primary school). He managed to get through and to the food court by 7:56. Oh, heavens. His plane left at 8. He had less than four minutes to get food and to his gate before the plane left without him. No, it simply couldn't. He could do this. Brendol ran to the only "restaurant" that had no line. In this case, it was Subway. Eat fresh, mother fucker. So he went up to the front counter of Subway with his carry on bag full of everything. He glanced at the menu and back at the young woman at the front counter. She smiled and he panicked. He was not good at talking to people. He looked back up at the menu and, from fear of the woman thinking he was taking too long to order, he got the first thing he saw on the menu. "...can I uh, get the three foot party sub?" 'What? WhaT? Who orders a thirty something dollar three foot party sub before boarding an airplane? Who evEN DOeS THaT?!' he thought. 'Well don't you look like a perfectly normal human being. Well played, Hux. Well played.' The worker flashed him a nervous smile. "Oh! Um, okay, what kind?" His eyes widened. He had gotten this far. He could tell the Subway lady what kind of sandwich he wanted. "Uh, turkey?" "Lettuce, tomato?" "...yes." "Onions and peppers?" "Sure." "Mayonnaise, mustard?" "Yes." "Anything else?" "...no thanks." "That will be thirty-three fifteen, please," she said politely enough. Brendol returned the awkward smile and shakily handed her the money. He was going to regret this even more when the plane landed in Brooklyn. She handed him the unreasonably sized sandwich and he thanked her quietly. So he took his giant sub sandwich and ran to the plane gate. Two minutes to spare. Good timing, Bren, good timing! Brendol sat down in an empty chair. He figured he might as well try the sandwich. Subs weren't even his "thing", but it was all he could get before the plane left. He contemplated if he should actually eat a three foot sandwich in a room full of strangers, eventually settling on shoving it in his purse. He took out his phone and checked his mail–his weekly Target coupon email came in. He figured he wouldn't be needing it for a while, if he could even find a conveniently placed Target in Williamsburg. The worker called over the speaker that first class could start boarding. He waited a few more minutes before coach was allowed board the plane and he stood up from his seat. Luckily, his purse was big enough to hide the fact he was carrying a sandwich that could feed a whole family. He made his way to the front counter and handed the attendant his ticket before boarding the plane Too many people. He visibly cringed at the sound of at least three crying children. Brendol eventually made his way to his seat next to yet another total stranger. The flight attendants began informing the passengers about the plane evacuation rules and such. He pulled a blanket from his purse and pulled it over his head. Flying was too much to handle. Chapter 3 : new home & emo neighbor The plane landed, and he woke up from his six hour nap. He got off and headed to baggage claim, where a family of five mistook his black suitcase for their own. He spent a good seven minutes convincing them it was not their bag, going as far as to pull out his pair of galaxy socks from it to show it was his. He was able to leave the airport and get a taxi to his new apartment. He was nervous, yes, but this is what marked a new chapter of his life, and he was thankful to be out of the town he previously called home. So he arrived at his new apartment, paying for the ride and thanking the taxi driver. He got his bags and climbed the stairs to the building. He took the stairs to his room, which was on the top floor. It was quite the workout. He passed the doors, counting until he found his own; #86. So he opened the door and stepped inside, close it behind him. He set his bags down and examined the room. A small living room with a couch, coffee table, a bookshelf, and a television. An even smaller kitchen with a refrigerator and a sink. A small closet for storage. A bathroom with a sink, bath, toilet and shower, as well as comfortable bedroom with bedside tables, a dresser, and a bed. He was glad to have packed his bedsheets and pillows. He stepped out of his bedroom and got started on making his new room an actual home. He put his clothes in his dresser, put his bedsheets and pillows on his bed, and threw his suitcase in his closet...and he put the sub sandwich in the fridge. He decided to go straight to sleep afterwards, as he had eaten a small meal of a Subway sub sandwich on the plane. (He found that it was smartest to eat when he was covered by a blanket, he would have looked ridiculous trying to dine on an oversized deli treat.) He took off his shoes and socks, and dressed in his button up pajama shirt and pajama pants. He looked at his watch–8:12 p.m. He removed it and placed it on his bedside table, getting into bed and pulling the covers over himself. He hoped the muffled cars and city noises from outside would lull him. ❀❀❀ Alas, he would have been right, if only his neighbor would shut the hell up. Brendol say up in bed and reached to turn on his bedside lamp, checking the time on his watch. 11:16 p.m. It was 11:16 p.m. and his neighbor was playing music so loud it sounded as if there was a party in Brendol's room. He sighed and got out of bed, slipping on his boots and stepping outside his room. He knocked on the door that the music was coming from behind–the room across from his, room #85. He waited outside until the door was opened by a man. The lights in the building were low, but Brendol could see he had black hair and brown eyes. He was wearing a sweater and boxers. Brendol stuttered something nonsensical before speaking to said man. "Uh, hello." The man tapped his fingernails on the door, and Brendol noticed his fingernails were painted black. "Hello," the man responded. "I, um, I just moved in," he gestured to his door, "I, um, I went to bed a few hours ago but I...woke up. I was wondering if you could turn your music down, please?" The man looked at Hux with an unimpressed expression. "Do you even know what song this is?" he asked. Brendol looked behind him and back at his neighbor before mumbling, "No." The black-haired man scoffed. "It's My Chemical Romance." Brendol stood straighter. "Oh! Um, alright." "I don't think I can turn it down. I'm like, having a party and I kind of have to play the Three Cheers For Sweet Revenge album." Brendol did not know what he was talking about. "Oh, I'm sorry. What kind of party are you having, exactly?" His neighbor frowned as his face took color. "Uh, a party...by myself," he mumbled. Hux tried not to smile. "Alright, but, um, do you think you could maybe turn it down just a bit? I'm kind of trying to sleep?" He shook his head. "I don't know. Maybe." And he shut the door. He didn't slam it, but he made sure Hux knew he didn't want to talk. So Hux stood outside, stuttering again, although he knew his neighbor could not hear him. He turned around and went back into his apartment, shutting the door and crawling into bed. It was going to be a long night.