Notes: Also the * indicates the next day! Kylo Rxn: what's up General Hux: Excuse me General Hux: Do I know you? Kylo Rxn: nope General Hux: How did you get my Tumblr? Kylo Rxn: my cousin follows you she sent me your account Kylo Rxn: said I should message you General Hux: They are..? Kylo Rxn: Jedi-Rey General Hux: ... Kylo Rxn: ik dumb name Kylo Rxn: but she's cool General Hux: So why are you talking to me? I didn't catch a reason Kylo Rxn: idk she told me to make Tumblr friends Kylo Rxn: plus your account is pretty cool Kylo Rxn: you like cats huh General Hux: Yes I do very much Kylo Rxn: that's cute General Hux: ... Kylo Rxn: ... Kylo Rxn: so is your name actually General Hux? Kylo Rxn: like your first name is General Kylo Rxn: I applaud your parents General Hux: It's just Hux Kylo Rxn: nice to meet you just Hux Kylo Rxn: I'm Kylo Ren General Hux: Kylo? Kylo Rxn: that's right pussycat General Hux: Nice to meet you... I guess Kylo Rxn: I can already tell you love me ;) General Hux: I'm going to go now General Hux: I'll see you later Kylo Kylo Rxn: bye just Hux!!1! General Hux disconnected * Kylo Rxn: heyy Hux General Hux: What's up Kylo Kylo Rxn: so I'm looking through your account and I can't find a single selfie Kylo Rxn: a lot of cats Kylo Rxn: there's a spaceship Kylo Rxn: ooOoO cupcakes General Hux: I'll send you one soon Kylo Rxn: yesyes General Hux: You have a scary amount of Darth Vader on your blog General Hux: Like General Hux: You have a whole page labeled 'Darth Vader' Kylo Rxn: Darth Vader is a saint Hux Kylo Rxn: pls no more hate Kylo Rxn: he is amAZinG General Hux: I like your room General Hux: Wait that's a lie General Hux: DO YOU EVER CLEAN Kylo Rxn: not rlly ahahah Kylo Rxn: you should come visit me Kylo Rxn: help me clean my room ;)))) General Hux: I certainly will it's disgusting General Hux: Wait General Hux: Ew what does that even mean General Hux: Whatever forget it Kylo Rxn: gtg Huxy Kylo Rxn: I'll be back ;) Kylo Rxn disconnected * Kylo Rxn: heyyy Huxy General Hux: Hello Kylo Kylo Rxn: so how about that selfie ? ;)))) General Hux: Not yet Kylo Rxn: ughUGH y not General Hux: I'm not ready to expose my face General Hux: Here's a picture of my cat though General Hux sent an attachment Kylo Rxn: awWWw cuTe af Kylo Rxn: what's his/her name ?!/? Kylo Rxn: wait lemme guess... Kylo Rxn: his name is KYLO General Hux: ... No Kylo Rxn: Vader? General Hux: Really General Hux: Her name is Millicent Kylo Rxn: that's cute Kylo Rxn: Vader suits her more General Hux: You're dumb Kylo Rxn: :( Kylo Rxn: how old are you Huxy ? Kylo Rxn: in a completeLY non creepy way ;))) )) General Hux: ... General Hux: 23 Kylo Rxn: well well Kylo Rxn: I'm 20 Kylo Rxn: guess I should call you daddy General Hux: Oh god stop Kylo Rxn: if you say so.......... Kylo Rxn: daddy General Hux disconnected Chapter 2 General Hux: Good morning Kylo Kylo Rxn: heyyy Huxo Kylo Rxn: how U doin ? General Hux: I'm alright Kylo Rxn: say hi to Millicent for me General Hux: I will Kylo Rxn: so Huxy what do you do Kylo Rxn: like are you at a college or uni General Hux: I study at a college General Hux: Just started summer break General Hux: So I work at my friend's cupcake store Kylo Rxn: oml Kylo Rxn: that's amazing what's it called Kylo Rxn: and when can I visit General Hux: The First Order Kylo Rxn: do you wear an apron? Kylo Rxn: 'kiss the cook'? ;)) General Hux: Stop Kylo Rxn: I looked it up Kylo Rxn: you're like an hour drive from where I live whaaattt General Hux: That's great General Hux: Now pleaSE stop stalking me Kylo Rxn: fine General Hux: what about yourself Kylo Rxn: I work at a coffee shop Kylo Rxn: The Resistance Kylo Rxn: *shivers* Kylo Rxn: It's my parents place and I hATE IT General Hux: Fun Kylo Rxn: I have to wear an apron Kylo Rxn: It's gross General Hux: Like you Kylo Rxn: aren't you a charmer Kylo Rxn: whoops Kylo Rxn: gtg Hux-o Kylo Rxn: dad needs me General Hux: See yaaa Kylo Rxn disconnected * General Hux sent an attachment General Hux: Here General Hux: That's me Kylo Rxn: woAH Kylo Rxn: WOAH Kylo Rxn: you're hot af Kylo Rxn: no way you're tht cute Kylo Rxn: I'm having a moment General Hux: Stop I'm blushing Kylo Rxn: YOU'RE THE CUTEST GINGER I'VE EVER SEEN WTF General Hux: STOP U FLIRt General Hux: You're such a dork General Hux: Your turn come on Kylo Rxn sent an attachment General Hux: ... General Hux: Kylo Kylo Rxn: yes? General Hux: That's a picture of Darth Vader Kylo Rxn: whoops one sec Kylo Rxn sent an attachment General Hux: Omg eyes General Hux: In a totally straight way General Hux: I like your eyes General Hux: And youR HAIRR General Hux: Can I swim in it Kylo Rxn: sure u can ;} General Hux: Ok your face moles are my new favourite thing Kylo Rxn: ahahhaha Kylo Rxn: face moles Kylo Rxn: laughing @''inatotallystraightway' General Hux: Fuck off Kylo Rxn: :O Kylo Rxn: HUXY USED A BAD WORD General Hux: I will slap you Kylo Rxn: ooOo I can't wait ;) )) General Hux has disconnected * Kylo Rxn: hey gingerbread General Hux: Really General Hux: Gingerbread Kylo Rxn: okkkkayy Kylo Rxn: weasley General Hux: No Kylo Rxn: general sucks General Hux: ... Kylo Rxn: general ginger General Hux: Omg stop Kylo Rxn: ... orange juice? General Hux: Ok that's just ridiculous Kylo Rxn: you love it realllyyyy General Hux: Do I Kylo Rxn: yep Kylo Rxn: ok Huxy I wanna know Kylo Rxn: what kind of music you listen to General Hux: I don't know, anything really Kylo Rxn: ok ok listen to this: Kylo Rxn sent an audio file General Hux: Omg General Hux: You did not just send me the Imperial fucking March Kylo Rxn: it's a good tune General Hux: You're such a nerd I love it General Hux: No homo though Kylo Rxn: #huxisindenial General Hux: Shut uuupp Kylo Rxn: whoops time for my shift Kylo Rxn: talk later gingerbread <3 Kylo Rxn disconnected Chapter 3 Kylo Rxn: huxhux you'd never guess what Kylo Rxn: I had a dream about last night General Hux: Darth Vader? Kylo Rxn: no that was the night before General Hux: I certainly believe you Kylo Rxn: nOOooO shush Kylo Rxn: I dreamt we ruled the galaxy together Kylo Rxn: you and me gingerbread General Hux: Cute Kylo Rxn: isn't it Kylo Rxn: not as cute as u General Hux: >.> Kylo Rxn: <3 General Hux: StoP the flirting Kylo Rxn: never Kylo Rxn: you love it General Hux: ... General Hux: Nope Kylo Rxn: #denying General Hux: So what else happened in your adventurous dream? Kylo Rxn: idk Kylo Rxn: stuff General Hux: Try not to be too descriptive Kylo Rxn: I'll try ;) General Hux: I'm running the cupcake store now, I'll talk later Kylo Rxn: byeee gingerbread <3 General Hux disconnected * General Hux: Hey Kyle Kylo Rxn: oohH you're hiM General Hux: ..? Kylo Rxn: sorry this isn't Kylo LOL Kylo Rxn: this is Rey his cousin Kylo Rxn: I stole his phone and he's storming around his house looking for it Kylo Rxn: he's real pissed hahHAHA General Hux: Nice one haha Kylo Rxn: so you're the famous Hux General Hux: He told you about me? Kylo Rxn: toLD ME? ?! Kylo Rxn: he never stops going on about u Kylo Rxn: Hux this Hux that Kylo Rxn: seriously Kylo Rxn: "Hux is my gingerbread prince! !" General Hux: Omg I'm so sorry pahahaha Kylo Rxn: it's fine lmao Kylo Rxn: he finally has a friend Kylo Rxn: JOKING he does have friends Kylo Rxn: well like 5 including me Kylo Rxn: don't get put off by his loneliness General Hux: I'll try not to lol Kylo Rxn: one sec Kylo Rxn added Jedi-Rey Jedi-Rey: there that's a little less confusing General Hux: Eyy Jedi-Rey: oh nO HE FOUND ME Jedi-Rey: it's cool I threw his phone at him Kylo Rxn: HUX ARE YOU OK General Hux: Yes I am fine you baby Kylo Rxn: oh ok Kylo Rxn: baby General Hux: Omg Jedi-Rey: *pukes* Jedi-Rey: WHY ARE ALL MY FRIENDS SO GROSS Kylo Rxn: she loves me rlly General Hux: I can tell Kylo Rxn: REY GUESS WHAT Jedi-Rey: Kylo we are literally in the same room you idiot Kylo Rxn: GINGERBREAD WORKS AT A CUPCAKE CAFE <3 Jedi-Rey: KYLO Kylo Rxn: WHAT Jedi-Rey: YOU TOLD ME THREE TIMES General Hux: WHY ARE WE TALKING LIKE THIS Kylo Rxn: DON'T QUESTION IT HUX Kylo Rxn: right Rey you gotta go Jedi-Rey: don't u dare you lil shit Kylo Rxn removed Jedi-Rey General Hux: What a nice cousin you are Kylo Rxn: ikr Kylo Rxn: wait you called me Kyle omg General Hux: Ik hahaha General Hux: I prefer Kylo Kylo Rxn: try telling my parents that General Hux: Why? Do they call you Kyle? Kylo Rxn: no lmao you dork Kylo Rxn: it's fine dw General Hux: Alright if you say so, I'll talk more tomorrow Kylo General Hux: Say hi to Rey Kylo Rxn: I shall Kylo Rxn: see you later gingerbread ;) <3 General Hux disconnected * Kylo Rxn: HUX OMG Kylo Rxn: YOUR NEW PROFILE PICTURE Kylo Rxn: LOOK AT U Kylo Rxn: you cutie General Hux: Omg Kylo stop it you dork General Hux: I'll change it if you don't Kylo Rxn: I already saved it dw ;) General Hux: Kyle nO Kylo Rxn: who's in the back with you? Kylo Rxn: is she tryING TO STEAL U FROM ME General Hux: No lol General Hux: That's my friend Phasma General Hux: Her parents own the cupcake store General Hux: And we share a flat - separate beds before you ask Kylo Rxn: I see Kylo Rxn: saving yours for me ;) ) General Hux: *banging my head against the wall* Kylo Rxn: I should meet her what's her Tumblr General Hux: I already told her about you and nO I am not giving you her Tumblr Kylo Rxn: found her General Hux: Ok how did you even do that Kylo Rxn: you follow her lol Kylo Rxn: she's the same one in ur profile picture Kylo Rxn: annnnd you're in her profile pic haha Kylo Rxn: Sherlock strikes again General Hux: Please don't message her Kylo Rxn: ooO she followed me back Kylo Rxn: and dw I won't Kylo Rxn: I'll just add her here General Hux: WHAT NO Kylo Rxn added Cpt Phasma Cpt Phasma: HuX YOU DIDN'T TELL ME HOW GOOD LOOKING YOUR MAN IS Cpt Phasma: have u seen the selfies on his profile General Hux: HE'S NOT MY MAN Cpt Phasma: suuure Kylo Rxn: lmao Kylo Rxn: hey Phasma Cpt Phasma: what's up Kylo Kylo Rxn: talking to gingerbread Cpt Phasma: aww cute Cpt Phasma: you should see him right now Ky Cpt Phasma: he's sitting on our sofa blushing like mad Kylo Rxn: awW HuXY General Hux: I hate you Cpt Phasma: at least I didn't send a photo Hux General Hux: Ugh whatever Cpt Phasma sent an attachment Cpt Phasma: look at this bean Kylo Rxn: omg Hux Kylo Rxn: *nosebleeds* General Hux: Why General Hux: My face is literally almost as red as my hair Cpt Phasma: lmaoooo Kylo Rxn: <3 Cpt Phasma: seriously though Cpt Phasma: don't hurt Hux Cpt Phasma: u don't wanna mess with me Cpt Phasma: he's too precious Kylo Rxn: I won't Phas ! Cpt Phasma: I'm out Cpt Phasma: use protection Cpt Phasma left General Hux: Wowww Kylo Rxn: she has a point General Hux: KYLO General Hux disconnected Chapter 4 Kylo Rxn: Hux General Hux: Yes Kylo Rxn: what would you say Kylo Rxn: you sound like irl General Hux: I don't know how to answer that General Hux: I guess you'll see one day General Hux: Because we'll meet up at some point Kylo Rxn: you think so gingerbread? General Hux: Of course I do Kylo Rxn: omg I can't wait General Hux: Yes, I think it would be nice Kylo Rxn: I can tell you're smiling hahaaha General Hux: I am not Kylo Rxn: Phas sent me a photo yes u are ;) General Hux: This is why I have trust issues General Hux: Wait what was your last name again? Kylo Rxn: don't lie you know lol General Hux: Ren hmm General Hux: Kylo Wren Kylo Rxn: very funny Hux General Hux: Kylo Ten General Hux: You're a ten out of Ren Kylo Rxn: thanks lmao General Hux: Crylo Ren Kylo Rxn: rude Kylo Rxn: these names aren't as good as mine Kylo Rxn: General Sucks Kylo Rxn: if u know what I mean ;)) General Hux: GROSS Kylo Rxn: ahahhahaa I'm laughing a lot General Hux: Nasty boy Kylo Rxn: ikr ;) General Hux disconnected * Kylo Rxn: hey Phas? Kylo Rxn: are you on ? Kylo Rxn: ... Cpt Phasma: yes I am here Kylo Rxn: ok good Kylo Rxn: I was wonderrrinnngg Cpt Phasma: just tell me Ky Kylo Rxn: what days does gingerbread work at the First Order ? Cpt Phasma: ahh I see Cpt Phasma: well he works weekdays, 10:00 till 14:00 Cpt Phasma: he works at the till Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday Cpt Phasma: and he serves people Thursday and Friday :) Kylo Rxn: ok awesome Cpt Phasma: you planning on visiting ? Kylo Rxn: yes Kylo Rxn: DON'T TELL HIM THOUGH Kylo Rxn: I want to surprise him Cpt Phasma: I won't tell him Cpt Phasma: that's sweet of you Ky Cpt Phasma: he'll love it Kylo Rxn: I hope soo Kylo Rxn: I'll visit soon, maybe in a few weeks Cpt Phasma: ok let me know and I'll help u out Kylo Rxn: tHANKS PHAS Kylo Rxn disconnected * Kylo Rxn added Jedi-Rey Jedi-Rey: hey Hux what's up Jedi-Rey: Kylo's doing his shift rn at the Resistance Jedi-Rey: so I stole his phone again lmao Jedi-Rey: thought you might wanna meet his other friends Jedi-Rey: aka my other two gross af friends Jedi-Rey: Hux .. ? Jedi-Rey: are u even there General Hux: Yes hello I'm here Rey General Hux: Cool add them Jedi-Rey added Pilot Poe Jedi-Rey added Stormy-Finn Pilot Poe: what's up Rey Pilot Poe: another group chat huh Pilot Poe: waiT IS THIS HUX General Hux: Yess hello Stormy-Finn: Hello Hux c: Jedi-Rey: this is Finn and Poe, Hux Jedi-Rey: they're super gross boyfs General Hux: That's sweet Stormy-Finn: We are not Rey!! Pilot Poe: we are tbh lol Jedi-Rey: SEE General Hux: lmao General Hux: Guys can you tell me General Hux: What's Kylo like in real life ? Pilot Poe: an ass hat Jedi-Rey: lol true Stormy-Finn: he's ok Jedi-Rey: nah we're just playing he's great Jedi-Rey: really funny, kinda strange (obsessed with you know who), genuinely (sometimes) sweet General Hux: That's what I was hoping for General Hux: You guys should meet my friend Phasma General Hux: You'd get along Stormy-Finn: We already have :> Pilot Poe: we have a group chat lol Jedi-Rey: she's great General Hux: I don't know anything anymore lmao Kylo Rxn removed Jedi-Rey Kylo Rxn removed Pilot Poe Kylo Rxn removed Stormy-Finn Kylo Rxn: all alone now baby ;) General Hux: Hey Kylo Kylo Rxn: I'm sorry if my friends scared u General Hux: Not at all, they're lovely friends Kylo Rxn: Poe called me an ass hat omfg Kylo Rxn: I'll kill him later General Hux: No killing Kylo Kylo Rxn: fine ;)) General Hux: I gtg Kylo, I'll talk later :) Kylo Rxn: I'll see you later gingerbread <3 General Hux disconnected Chapter 5 General Hux: Hey Kylee Kylo Rxn: hi Hux General Hux: I met your friends yesterday General Hux: They seem really nice! General Hux: If I ever come to visit you I'll have to see them too Kylo Rxn: yeah that would be cool General Hux: It would! General Hux: We still have plenty of time to meet as well General Hux: Around 5 weeks of summer left :) Kylo Rxn: yep General Hux: ... General Hux: what's wrong Kylo Rxn: nothing .? General Hux: Ok I haven't known you that long General Hux: BUT I CAN TELL WHEN SOMETHING IS WRONG Kylo Rxn: ... General Hux: You know what, you don't have to tell me what's wrong General Hux: I only want you to be happy Kylo Rxn: omf I can't stay mad when I talk to you, you cutie Kylo Rxn: ... I just wish my parents were a little off my back about my problems General Hux: Oh, I see Kylo Rxn: like I get they just wanna help Kylo Rxn: it makes things worse Kylo Rxn: I just feel like everything is wrong with me Kylo Rxn: ugh I'm sorry General Hux: Don't be sorry!! General Hux: Kylo, I'm sure your parents love you a lot General Hux: They want what's best for you General Hux: And I can hardly think of anything wrong with you General Hux: You talked to me, a total stranger, when I really only had one friend General Hux: And you've become my other best friend General Hux: You're perfect, your hair, eyes, face, personality (you make me laugh so much not lying), everything General Hux: I feel so privileged that you messaged me, not someone else General Hux: So here, I hope you feel better Kylo <3 General Hux sent an attachment Kylo Rxn: omfg General Hux: Is that a good thing? Kylo Rxn: you're fucking amazing Kylo Rxn: and adorable Kylo Rxn: wtf I'm privileged to have you Kylo Rxn: I can't wait to meet you Kylo Rxn: thank you so much Hux General Hux: You're welcome c: General Hux: I'll see you later Kylo, going out for lunch :)) Kylo Rxn: bye gingerbread <3 General Hux disconnected Kylo Rxn: ... Kylo Rxn: I love you more than you know * Kylo Rxn: PHAS HELP Cpt Phasma: morning to you too Ky Kylo Rxn: can u explain please Kylo Rxn: what is Hux Cpt Phasma: good question Cpt Phasma: he's human (I think) Cpt Phasma: Libra Cpt Phasma: super organised and OCD Kylo Rxn: nOO Kylo Rxn: what's his ... sexuality ? Cpt Phasma: oh Cpt Phasma: OHHHH Kylo Rxn: pahahaha Cpt Phasma: he's bisexual I believe Cpt Phasma: don't tell him I said this Cpt Phasma: he's super gay Cpt Phasma: likes guys more (it's obvious) Kylo Rxn: I seeee Kylo Rxn: thanks Phas omg Cpt Phasma: yw ;) Cpt Phasma: and Ky Cpt Phasma: you got nothing to worry about Cpt Phasma: you make him happy I can see that Cpt Phasma: give him time though Cpt Phasma: he won't admit his feelings yet Cpt Phasma: not even to himself Kylo Rxn: aw ok :)) Kylo Rxn: thanks Phas Kylo Rxn disconnected * Kylo Rxn: hello smol child <3 General Hux: Hey Kylo General Hux: Smol? Kylo Rxn: you're smalll General Hux: Ky, Poe told me your height General Hux: You're 6"3 General Hux: I'm 6"1 General Hux: you literally have 2 inches on me Kylo Rxn: speaking of inches General Hux: Kylo General Hux: Where is this going Kylo Rxn: ... Kylo Rxn: I was just going to sayy Kylo Rxn: if u came to my coffee shop Kylo Rxn: you'd see how long our drink straws are General Hux: You disgust me Kylo Rxn: ;) General Hux: Although... It is sort of funny General Hux: THAT DOESN'T MEAN I LIKE IT Kylo Rxn: you love it I can tell General Hux: ... I do not Kylo Rxn: I see through your lies General Hux: Shut upppp Kylo Rxn: never >:3 General Hux: Nerd Kylo Rxn: so gingerbread you never told me Kylo Rxn: your opinion on Kylo Rxn: Darth Vader General Hux: ... General Hux: Must I Kylo Rxn: yesyes General Hux: He's pretty cool I guess General Hux: The force choke is kinda rad General Hux: A little dark Kylo Rxn: you like the force choking thing huh ? General Hux: ... Kylo Rxn: ;)))) General Hux: I'm leaving hahaha Kylo Rxn: bye Huxy <3 General Hux disconnected Chapter 6 Pilot Poe: heyy Hux General Hux: Hello Poe! General Hux: What's up? Pilot Poe: I just thought you should know Pilot Poe: Kylo Ren Pilot Poe: (ur Kylo) Pilot Poe: has an eight pack Pilot Poe: Kylo Ren Pilot Poe: is SHREDDED General Hux: Are you feeling alright Poe? Pilot Poe: yes I am Pilot Poe: so you know what your gettin into Pilot Poe: cause this man Pilot Poe: is shredded General Hux: Ok thanks Poe ? Pilot Poe: oH SHIT NO Pilot Poe: OWW Pilot Poe added Kylo Rxn Pilot Poe: go on Pilot Poe: tell him General Hux: I'm so confused Kylo Rxn: ... Kylo Rxn: that was me Kylo Rxn: I am still shredded though Pilot Poe: DON'T LIE TO HIM Kylo Rxn: I aM YOU'LL SEE General Hux: Hey Ky haha Kylo Rxn: hey Hux <3 Kylo Rxn: guess what Poe Pilot Poe: what Kylo Rxn: bird needs to fly away now Kylo Rxn removed Pilot Poe General Hux: Eight pack huh? Kylo Rxn: u know it ;) Kylo Rxn: free for your fingers to explore <3 General Hux: Omg stoP General Hux disconnected * Kylo Rxn: morning beautiful General Hux: Hey Ky what are you doing up this early like General Hux: It's 07:00 do you work that early? Kylo Rxn: I could say the same for u Kylo Rxn: and no I don't work this early Kylo Rxn: my shift starts in 4 hours lol Kylo Rxn: I'm sitting outside on this hill by my house Kylo Rxn: well my parents house Kylo Rxn: idk I like to watch the sun rise sometimes Kylo Rxn: it's calming General Hux: That's sweet omg Kylo Rxn: see look Kylo Rxn sent an attachment General Hux: That's beautiful General Hux: You put your hair in a bun General Hux: It looks very nice :) Kylo Rxn: not as nice as u look 24/7 General Hux: StoP the flirting General Hux: I feel all mushy and happy when you flirt Kylo Rxn: that's why I do it ;) General Hux: Maybe one day we can sit there together General Hux: Watch the sunrise together Kylo Rxn: that would be amAZINNG General Hux: Haha yep Kylo Rxn: sorry gingerbread , I gtg Kylo Rxn: my dad is wondering why I'm still out here lol Kylo Rxn: IM COMIN CALM YOURSELF FATHER General Hux: Haha, I'll see you later Ky ~ Kylo Rxn: bye <3 Kylo Rxn disconnected * Kylo Rxn added Jedi-Rey Kylo Rxn added Stormy-Finn Kylo Rxn added Pilot Poe Kylo Rxn added Cpt Phasma Kylo Rxn named the chat: 10 days Kylo Rxn: evening all Jedi-Rey: 10 days ? Pilot Poe: no one knows what u mean Kylo Kylo Rxn: ok ok I'll tell you all Kylo Rxn: this is very important Kylo Rxn: you mustn't tell ANYONE Kylo Rxn: got it? Stormy-Finn: Where's Hux? Cpt Phasma: I'll add him if you want Ky Kylo Rxn: NO Kylo Rxn: DO NOT ADD HUX Cpt Phasma: ... Cpt Phasma: oh I get it Cpt Phasma: I see now Pilot Poe: ?? Kylo Rxn: my friends Kylo Rxn: we're taking a trip (-Phas) Kylo Rxn: an hour drive from here Kylo Rxn: you're all comin Jedi-Rey: UGH Y Pilot Poe: ^ Stormy-Finn: I don't mind! Kylo Rxn: because an hour away from here is where Hux + Phas live Kylo Rxn: I want to surprise him at the cupcake place Jedi-Rey: screw you of course I'm coming Stormy-Finn: I'll come too! Sounds very cute and I will record everything Pilot Poe: do I have too Stormy-Finn: Poe don't be rude >:/ Pilot Poe: ... Pilot Poe: fine I'll come Cpt Phasma: I can't wait to meet you all! Kylo Rxn: you guys can't tell Hux anything Kylo Rxn: please Kylo Rxn: I need this to be perfect Kylo Rxn: for him Jedi-Rey: *PUKES* Jedi-Rey: I won't ;) Pilot Poe: course we won't Kylo Rxn: ok cool Kylo Rxn: I figured out the flaw oh god Cpt Phasma: what is it ? Stormy-Finn: What?? Kylo Rxn: I CAN'T WAIT 10 DAYS Kylo Rxn: THAT'S TOO LONG Kylo Rxn: I MIGHT EXPLODE Jedi-Rey: omg calm down u drama queen Jedi-Rey: I'm sure you can wait Kylo Rxn: I hope so Kylo Rxn disconnected Chapter 7 General Hux: Hey Ky! Kylo Rxn: hello my prince Kylo Rxn: how's it going? ;) General Hux: Eh ok General Hux: Millie scratched me today :( General Hux: See General Hux sent an attachment Kylo Rxn: OWCH Kylo Rxn: man up lil gingerbread Kylo Rxn: you'll be fine General Hux: I bought her a little hat General Hux: She was not having it General Hux: Probably thinking "it doesn't match my fur colour!!" General Hux: It's fine we're cuddling now :)) General Hux sent an attachment Kylo Rxn: omg that's the cutest thing Kylo Rxn: pleaSE can I join you both General Hux: If you were here General Hux: The three of us could cuddle together Kylo Rxn: I can't wait <3 General Hux: Me neither it'll be fun :) Kylo Rxn: my break's over now Hux Kylo Rxn: see u later alligator ;) General Hux: Bye Kylo haha Kylo Rxn disconnected - Kylo Rxn named the chat: 9 days Kylo Rxn: I can't deal with this cutie oml look Kylo Rxn sent an attachment Jedi-Rey: AwWwwW CUTE Pilot Poe: wait he has a cat?! Pilot Poe: omg omgo mg Stormy-Finn: Poe loves cats a LOT Pilot Poe: what's her name ?!? Cpt Phasma: Millicent, or Millie Pilot Poe: that's adorable Kylo Rxn: isn't he Jedi-Rey: *pukes again* Jedi-Rey: how many times will I have to puke with you guys Jedi-Rey: Phasma girl Jedi-Rey: wanna do something together when we all arrive? Jedi-Rey: I can't take these adorable gay losers Cpt Phasma: sounds like a plan Rey Pilot Poe: lmao Kylo Rxn: enough of thisss Kylo Rxn disconnected Jedi-Rey: he's totally fallen in love Stormy-Finn: Ikr :') * Kylo Rxn: hey gingerbread General Hux: Hello Kylo !! Kylo Rxn: what's up cutie General Hux: I had the oddest dream Kylo Rxn: was I there? ;) General Hux: No, well it was more of a nightmare almost.. General Hux: I got hit by a car General Hux: I was in a coma General Hux: And nobody was with me in the hospital Kylo Rxn: FUCK NO Kylo Rxn: Hux, ur too pretty and pure to be havin awful dreams like that Kylo Rxn: dear god Kylo Rxn: NEVER do that to me General Hux: I won't! I don't even drive all that much, sometimes I do Kylo Rxn: nopenopenope Kylo Rxn: can I make u sign an agreement Kylo Rxn: to NOT have that dream again General Hux: Sure I'm up for that Kylo Rxn: good Kylo Rxn: dreams like that are bad news Kylo Rxn: stAY IN THE HOUSE Kylo Rxn: I'LL SEND JESUS OVER TO HELP General Hux: I'll be fine! General Hux: I won't go driving everywhere General Hux: Stop worrying Ky Kylo Rxn: I do worry Kylo Rxn: like hell Kylo Rxn: be safe you noodle General Hux: I know <3 Kylo Rxn: HOLY SHIT Kylo Rxn: YOU PUT A HEART General Hux: What?! NO KYLO General Hux: Omg Kylo Rxn: yeah yeah I know Kylo Rxn: it's just a 'friendly, no homo, totally straight' heart ;) General Hux: Yes thank you Kylo Rxn: gotta run General Hux: Bye you dork *waves* Kylo Rxn disconnected - Kylo Rxn named the chat: 8 Days Kylo Rxn: FUCK Stormy-Finn: Watch your language Kylo >.> Kylo Rxn: sorry Kylo Rxn: HUX PUT A HEART Kylo Rxn: I REPEAT Jedi-Rey: CALM DOWN Cpt Phasma: Ky I already told you Cpt Phasma: he has trouble admitting his feelings even to himself Cpt Phasma: I'm sure when you meet with him Cpt Phasma: he'll realise what he wants Kylo Rxn: I can already tell what he wants Kylo Rxn: and it's me all over ;) Jedi-Rey: EW WHAT Jedi-Rey: I AM OU T Jedi-Rey left the conversation Kylo Rxn added Jedi-Rey Kylo Rxn: I NEED YOU Jedi-Rey: FINE Jedi-Rey: you baby Kylo Rxn: :) Kylo Rxn disconnected * Kylo Rxn named the chat: 7 days Kylo Rxn: HEAVY BREATHING Pilot Poe: hey Kylo Pilot Poe: I was wondering if you're gonna tell Hux Pilot Poe: about your name Pilot Poe: I mean eventually if you don't one of us will Kylo Rxn: um .. ' Kylo Rxn: idk I'll tell him soon though Kylo Rxn: is it that important? Stormy-Finn: It kinda is but don't feel pressured Ky :) Jedi-Rey: I'll tell him Stormy-Finn: Really what did I just say Kylo Rxn: DON'T U FUCKIN DARE Stormy-Finn: Here we go Jedi-Rey: ohHH COME ON IF YOU DON'T WHO WILL Stormy-Finn: Why do I put up with this Kylo Rxn: I SWEAR TO DARTH IF YOU SAY ANYTHING Stormy-Finn: I'm leaving Jedi-Rey: fine I won't say anything Jedi-Rey: I can't guarantee that no one will say anything Kylo Rxn: I trust the people in this chat Kylo Rxn: even Phas doesn't know Cpt Phasma: Rey told me Cpt Phasma: I respect your decision though Ky and I won't call you what you don't want me to Kylo Rxn: thanks Phas Kylo Rxn: no thanks Rey Jedi-Rey: ;) Kylo Rxn disconnected - Solo Han: hello?! Is this Hux? General Hux: yes.. Who is this? Solo Han: ohh I see, he didn't tell you about me Solo Han: my name is Han Solo Solo Han: you're friends with Kylo? General Hux: Oh yes I am! Solo Han: I am his father General Hux: I see, hello sir! Very nice to meet you Solo Han: Nice to meet you Hux, no need to call me sir Solo Han: Call me Han General Hux: Oh ok :) General Hux: Sorry for asking, but have you always had Tumblr? General Hux: What do you use it for? Solo Han: I just joined Solo Han: Believe me son after this conversation I'm deleting it Solo Han: It's giving me a headache Solo Han: Anyway enough of that Solo Han: I was wondering if 'Kylo Ren' told you about his name Solo Han: And I mean his real name Solo Han: I mean you two are dating right? He should've told you Solo Han: And you seem like a great guy, Hux, perfect for my son General Hux: Hold uP A SEC General Hux: We're not dating General Hux: Did Kylo tell you we were? And I haven't heard about his name by the way General Hux: I assumed you gave him the name Kylo Solo Han: Yeah he wishes Solo Han: And no he never said you were, he just never stops talking about you Solo Han: I only assumed you were dating General Hux: We aren't :') Solo Han: I see Solo Han: Well, let's say Kylo isn't his real name General Hux: Oh, what is it..? If you don't mind me asking Solo Han: I think you should ask him, I'm sure he'll tell you General Hux: Oh ok! Thank you Mr Solo! General Hux: Sorry, Han. Thank you Han :) Solo Han: No problem, I hope to meet you someday Solo Han: And Hux Solo Han: Don't be afraid General Hux: Oh.. Ok :) Solo Han disconnected * General Hux: Hey Ky? I have something I want to ask Kylo Rxn: sure thing Hux ;) General Hux: Your father messaged me General Hux: We had a nice talk, he seems like a nice man! General Hux: I was wondering... What is your real name.? Kylo Rxn: ... Kylo Rxn: I can't believe he fucking did this Kylo Rxn: HE MESSAGED YOU?! ON TUMBLR? General Hux: Yes he did, don't be mad at him Kylo I'm sure it's not that bad Kylo Rxn: YOU WOULDN'T KNOW Kylo Rxn: YOU KNOW HUX EVERYONE SAYS IT'S NOT A BIG DEAL Kylo Rxn: FUCKING EVERYONE Kylo Rxn: IT IS A BIG DEAL General Hux: Kylo that's not what I'm saying! Please calm down Kylo Rxn: I don't need to calm down. Kylo Rxn: I can't do this now General Hux: Kylo wait, I'm sorry! Kylo Rxn disconnected - Jedi-Rey: he hasn't changed it yet ? Jedi-Rey: oh well I'll do it Jedi-Rey named the chat: 6 days Jedi-Rey: oh shit I just heard a glass break downstairs Jedi-Rey: there's shouting Jedi-Rey: woah hOLD UP KYLO JUST RAN UP HERE AND SLAMMED HIS DOOR Jedi-Rey: SHIT HE'S CRYING Jedi-Rey: does anyone know what happened?! Cpt Phasma: apparently his father messaged Hux and told him Kylo wasn't his real name Cpt Phasma: Hux is sobbing on the sofa, he thinks it's his fault Jedi-Rey: fuck, I'll go see Han Pilot Poe: Finn and I are outside Rey, with Leia, she's worried Jedi-Rey: tell her what happened, Poe ... Jedi-Rey: I spoke to Han, he's ok Stormy-Finn: He's speaking with Leia now, God I hope things work out :( Cpt Phasma: Hux locked himself in the bathroom, he's not answering my messages Cpt Phasma: Someone please try and get through to him, please.. Jedi-Rey: ok I'll try - Jedi-Rey: Hux?! Jedi-Rey: HUX I KNOW YOU'RE THERE Jedi-Rey: we're worried about you Hux! Phasma especially Jedi-Rey: it wasn't your fault Hux, it was nobody's fault Jedi-Rey: Kylo can get bad anger problems, he'll lash out sometimes Jedi-Rey: please don't blame yourself Jedi-Rey: he really likes you Jedi-Rey: a hell of a lot Jedi-Rey: don't lose him over this, he'll be heartbroken Jedi-Rey disconnected Chapter 8 Hux was still sitting there in the bathroom sobbing his eyes out. How could he believe Rey. He couldn't. Sitting on the floor was starting to hurt his back, but Hux couldn't care less. Phasma knocked on the door, he ignored it. He couldn't live with himself. They weren't even dating, yet he thought he hurt Kylo, so he felt awful. His stomach began to churn, he felt sick. About an hour later, Hux's phone started ringing. He checked the caller ID. 'Unknown'. Hux put his phone down and ignored it. Still sitting in the bathroom, his eyes red, he'd stopped crying but still had a shaky voice. His phone rang again, five minutes later. 'Ignore'. Three times more his phone rang, the same unknown caller ID. Hux finally picked up and spoke, with the voice of someone who had clearly broken down. "Who is this and what the hell do you want?" Hux spoke sharply, but still shaking. "Is this Hux?" replied a deep voice, who sounded a little shaken himself. "Yes... Who is this?" Hux was confused, he didn't know anyone with a voice that deep. He thought it was quite gorgeous, and lost his thoughts in the tone of the unknown man. "Hey gingerbread, this is Kylo." In that moment, Hux felt his heart drop. His lungs stopped as he stared at the wall, his mouth wide open. He felt the whole world stop, hearing that Kylo, his Kylo, was talking to him on the phone. "KYLO?! That's what you sound like?! Oh my fucking God you're amazing." Hux smiled and started crying again, but this time tears of joy. "Yes this is me, I wanted to say I'm so sorry Hux. I shouldn't have put you through what I did. It wasn't fair on you. None of this is your fault, or my dad's. I only have myself to blame and I ask that you forgive me." On the other side, Kylo was crying. Tears of joy mostly, after hearing Hux's beautiful voice. This was such a special moment, he wanted the memory to be remembered forever and he knew he would. "YES! I FORGIVE YOU, YOU NERD." Hux shouted a little too loud and he was sure he heard Phasma laugh. "And you didn't tell me you sound like a fucking God. Your voice is gorgeous Kylo! I'm melting." "Oh stop it you cutie, have you heard yourself?! I had no idea my Hux was a Brit! I lost myself when I heard that sexy British voice on the phone." Kylo smiled and laughed. Hux felt a blush rise to his cheeks, but he didn't care. "Shh stop! I told you to stop flirting!" "I'll never stop, especially after hearing you now." replied Kylo, laughing softly. "And by the way.." "Yes Kylo?" Hux spoke softly, still overjoyed with happiness and warmth. "It's Ben, Ben Solo." - Jedi-Rey: they've been talking for 3 hours how is this even possible?! Cpt Phasma: Hux has never been this happy, he only just now came out of the bathroom Cpt Phasma: he's hugging me, but still on the phone Stormy-Finn: I recorded the whole thing :3 Pilot Poe: Christ it was disgustingly cute Cpt Phasma: did father and son make up? Jedi-Rey: yes, they did see - family group hug! Jedi-Rey sent an attachment Cpt Phasma: that's precious Stormy-Finn: Aww :') Jedi-Rey: only 6 days now guys Jedi-Rey disconnected Chapter 9 Kylo Rxn named the chat: 5 days Kylo Rxn: morning all! How's everyone doing? Pilot Poe: I'm good, but that doesn't matter Pilot Poe: how're you doing Kylo? Kylo Rxn: I feel amazing Kylo Rxn: half way there Kylo Rxn: I should've made it like 3 days Kylo Rxn: UGH Stormy-Finn: You'll be fine Kylo don't whine about it :< Kylo Rxn: but I heard his voice yesterday Kylo Rxn: it was special Kylo Rxn: wait Phas does Hux come from the UK? Cpt Phasma: we both did Cpt Phasma: after his parents died, we moved over here in the US Cpt Phasma: he wanted to get away from that country Cpt Phasma: my parents agreed to move over here with us Kylo Rxn: aw Hux poor bby ;( Kylo Rxn: what's it like to hug him ?! Cpt Phasma: it's nice I guess idk Kylo Rxn: what does he smell like ? Cpt Phasma: I'm not answering that Jedi-Rey: yeah ew Kylo stop Kylo Rxn: fine nerds Kylo Rxn disconnected - General Hux: Hey mister deep voice Kylo Rxn: hey sexy Brit ;)) General Hux: I told you last night to stoP calling me that Kylo Rxn: ok fiiiiine Kylo Rxn: but gingerbread will never stop General Hux: That's alright Kylo Rxn: so Hux Phas told me you guys moved here from the UK ? General Hux: Oh cool General Hux: I guess she told you about my parents huh Kylo Rxn: yeah she did Kylo Rxn: I'm sorry Hux bby I had no idea :'( General Hux: Its fine, I got over it years ago General Hux: Although I still do miss them sometimes General Hux: Especially my mother.. Kylo Rxn: I'm sure she's up there and very proud of the son she had :> General Hux: Aw that's sweet Ky, yeah I hope so :) Kylo Rxn: mMm Hux wanna see the new shirt I got?! General Hux: Sure go for it! Kylo Rxn sent an attachment Kylo Rxn: see!! It's awesome huh General Hux: Darth Vader I would've never guessed Kylo Rxn: ;) General Hux: That's a great shirt on you Kylo Kylo Rxn: your turn show me a new shirt you've got!! General Hux: Ok ok one sec! Kylo Rxn: . . . General Hux sent an attachment Kylo Rxn: that's a cute shirt omGG Kylo Rxn: not as cute as you in this photo Kylo Rxn: it's getting hot in here Kylo Rxn: oh gOSH General Hux: shHhH stop I told you about the mushy feeling I get when you do that!! Kylo Rxn: and I told you that's why I do it <3 General Hux: Fine General Hux: Phas needs me Kylo, I'll talk more later :) Kylo Rxn: byeee General sucks ;)) General Hux disconnected * General Hux: PHASMA WHERE ARE YOU General Hux: I NEED HELP Cpt Phasma: I'm out buying snacks General Hux: What, why? General Hux: Neither of us ever have snacks General Hux: Unless we have company Cpt Phasma: no reason Cpt Phasma: sometimes I get hungry in the night Hux General Hux: Fine whatever I need your help Cpt Phasma: I told you, she's your cat, your problem General Hux: No wOMAN WOULD YOU LISTEN Cpt Phasma: yes go on General Hux: Ok General Hux: Let's say, I think I've fallen in love with a cupcake General Hux: This cupcake is very special to me General Hux: It's warm, and gorgeous General Hux: And I... Eat it a lot? General Hux: Sure lets go with that General Hux: I thought I'd let go like with my parents General Hux: But I literALLY CAN'T General Hux: Because I love this cupcake, more than any other cupcake in the whole world General Hux: How is that even possible General Hux: And I don'T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH MYSELF Cpt Phasma: Hux don't fuck with me Cpt Phasma: are you serIOUS?! Cpt Phasma: tell me more about this cupcake, details General Hux: Vanilla base, lots of black sprinkles ..? Cpt Phasma: OK THAT'S ALL I NEED TO KNOW Cpt Phasma: I'LL HELP YOU LATER YOU LITTLE BEAN BUN <3 General Hux: Oh ok! HURRY UP THEN Cpt Phasma disconnected - Cpt Phasma named the chat: 4 days Cpt Phasma: AH Cpt Phasma: AH GUYS GUYS Kylo Rxn: wHAT IS IT PHHHAS Cpt Phasma: whoops one sec Cpt Phasma removed Kylo Rxn Cpt Phasma: HUX SAW THE LIGHT I REPEAT HE SAW THE LIGHT Cpt Phasma: HE'S IN LOVE WITH THE VADER NERD Cpt Phasma: HE JUST TOLD ME Jedi-Rey: SERIOUSLY?! Pilot Poe: he was bound to eventually lmao Stormy-Finn: That's great news Phasma! :D Cpt Phasma: ok ok keep it quiet Cpt Phasma added Kylo Rxn Cpt Phasma: sorry about that Ky Cpt Phasma: something broke I think Kylo Rxn: oh ok hah Kylo Rxn: what's the bIG THING PHAS?! Cpt Phasma: oh uh 4 dAYS KY 4 DAYSS Kylo Rxn: I fuckin know right I can't wait Cpt Phasma: me neither I got snacks when you guys come Cpt Phasma: and I've sorted sleeping arrangements in our apartment Kylo Rxn: for all four of us? Cpt Phasma: yes some will be happier than others Pilot Poe: yep that's directed at us Finn Stormy-Finn: I'M NOT SLEEPING ON NO COUCH Stormy-Finn: More importantly I'm not sharing a couch with Poe Stormy-Finn: Last time I did that he kept pushing me off, jerk Pilot Poe: <3 Stormy-Finn: >:/ Cpt Phasma: I've got a blow up bed for you guys in the living room Pilot Poe: niice Cpt Phasma: Rey gets the couch Jedi-Rey: cool with me Cpt Phasma: aaaand Kylo Cpt Phasma: I'll tell you in 4 days Kylo Rxn: wHAT NO HOLD UP THERE Cpt Phasma disconnected * Kylo Rxn named the chat: 3 days Kylo Rxn: WAIT WHAT IF I DIE BEFORE FRIDAY Kylo Rxn: I WON'T BE ABLE TO LIVE WITH MYSELF IF I NEVER MEET THAT GINGER Kylo Rxn: or you Phasma haha Cpt Phasma: thank yoU Cpt Phasma: and you won't die Ky Cpt Phasma: what are the odds of that happening Kylo Rxn: I FEEL LIKE I'M WAITING FOR A CONCERT Kylo Rxn: LIKE A REALLY GOOD BAND Kylo Rxn: UMMM LIKE Kylo Rxn: TWENTY ØNE PILØTS OR SOMETHING Jedi-Rey: why do we have to deal with this Pilot Poe sent an attachment Pilot Poe: Finn and I are all packed! Stormy-Finn: Yup! Ready for the weekend :D Jedi-Rey: shiT I'M NOT PACKED Kylo Rxn: you're fine Rey it's not till Friday Kylo Rxn: but yeah we're all packed now except u lol Jedi-Rey: I'M OUT I GOTTA PACKK Jedi-Rey disconnected - General Hux: Hey Kylo? You there ? Kylo Rxn: yes daddy I'm here General Hux: No nO NOT THE DADDY THING AGAIN General Hux: STOP, SAVE IT Kylo Rxn: I'll save it for later .. ;) General Hux: no no no General Hux: Shut up dork, I wanted to ask something General Hux: Ah yes, I think we should set up a date to meet up! Kylo Rxn: uh General Hux: You do still want to right..? Kylo Rxn: ARE YOU KIDDING OF COURSE I DO Kylo Rxn: can we set a date later, like Friday we can check when we're both free General Hux: Sure! If that suits you :) Kylo Rxn: yes, yes it does General Hux: Ok! I'm working again now General Hux: I'll talk tomorrow Ky Kylo Rxn: see ya gingerbread <3 General Hux disconnected Chapter 10 General Hux: Hey Ky how's it going? Kylo Rxn: good I guess Kylo Rxn: I have a slight headache and it sUCKS General Hux: Oh gosh are you ok?! Kylo Rxn: 'oh gosh' that's adorable Kylo Rxn: and I'm fine you baby no need to worry ! General Hux: Ok good you scared me :( Kylo Rxn: sorry <33 Kylo Rxn: Hux what'd you think of the idea Kylo Rxn: of me getting a shirt that says Kylo Rxn: 'Hux Trash' or 'if lost please return to Hux' Kylo Rxn: I mean Kylo Rxn: It's genius I know, please hold your applause General Hux: Omg nO Kylo Rxn: you could get 'I am Hux' General Hux: I'm not doing that Kylo Rxn: fine Kylo Rxn: Hux trash it is General Hux: You're making me laugh stop! Kylo Ren: you know I will never do that you cutie ;) General Hux: No really I can't breath Kylo Rxn added Cpt Phasma Cpt Phasma sent a video file Cpt Phasma: there you go Ky haha aw Kylo Rxn: omg General Hux: PHASMA I'M GOING TO KILL YO U Cpt Phasma left Kylo Rxn: HUX YOU HAVE THE MOST GORGEOUS LAUGH I'VE EVER HEARD General Hux: Shut up I hate my laugh Kylo Rxn: WHAT >:0 Kylo Rxn: your laugh is amazing shh I love it sm General Hux: Stop I'm blushing irl omG Kylo Rxn: <33 General Hux: I'm gone Kylo Rxn: bye babe <3 General Hux: AhhHhH General Hux disconnected - Kylo Rxn named the chat: 2 days Kylo Rxn: I'm struggling Kylo Rxn: why WHY WOULD I CHOOSE 10 DAMN DAYS Kylo Rxn: THIS IS PAINFUL Kylo Rxn: is anyone even on? lmao Stormy-Finn: We're on! :D Pilot Poe: I'm struggling to put up with you Kylo Pilot Poe: like seriously Kylo Rxn: ahahahha I'm not even sorry Pilot Poe: smh Kylo Rxn: wait guys hang on Kylo Rxn: what if I go there Kylo Rxn: and gingerbread doesn't wanna see me ?! Pilot Poe: omFG Stormy-Finn: Of course he wants to see you Kylo! Don't be silly Kylo Rxn: ugh but Stormy-Finn: NO. NO BUTS Stormy-Finn: It's pretty obvious you're both head over heels in love Stormy-Finn: STOP DENYING Kylo Rxn: ... Pilot Poe: rekt Kylo Rxn: lmao you guys suck Pilot Poe: we know, well Finn doesn't <3 Stormy-Finn: Neither do you babe! <33 Jedi-Rey: I knew sitting here and observing would be a bad idea Jedi-Rey: STOP THE CUTENESS IT'S HURTING ME Kylo Rxn: loolll Kylo Rxn disconnected * Kylo Rxn named the chat: Tomorrow Kylo Rxn: I don't think I've ever been more excited in my whole life Kylo Rxn: something could go wrong omg Kylo Rxn: I just need to calm down Jedi-Rey: you'll be fine Ky stop screaming Jedi-Rey: please it's hurting my ears Kylo Rxn: I need to vent my feelings Kylo Rxn: break a glass or something Jedi-Rey: please doN'T BREAK ANYTHING ELSE Jedi-Rey: oh dear me Jedi-Rey: wish Hux luck Phasma Jedi-Rey: having to handle this idiot Cpt Phasma: lol Kylo Rxn: listen ok Kylo Rxn: that man can handle me all he wants Kylo Rxn: ;) Jedi-Rey disconnected Cpt Phasma: Kylo please Cpt Phasma: I really didn't need to know that Cpt Phasma: when you come over you have to keep it down ok Kylo Rxn: wait we aren't actually gonna do that Kylo Rxn: I think Hux just wants to be friends haha Cpt Phasma: ... Cpt Phasma: sure Kylo Rxn: wAIT DOES HE LIKE ME? DID HE SAY ANYTHING Cpt Phasma: I'm not going to tell you lol Kylo Rxn: WHY NOT Cpt Phasma disconnected Kylo Rxn: PHASMA - Kylo Rxn: Phas you there Kylo Rxn: I need your help Cpt Phasma: I told you I'm not saying anything Kylo Rxn: what no Kylo Rxn: seriously I'll find out that for myself Cpt Phasma: oh ok what's up then? Kylo Rxn: I sort of Kylo Rxn: uhh Kylo Rxn: I don't know how to love someone Kylo Rxn: I've never Cpt Phasma: you've never had sex Cpt Phasma: seriously?! all those innuendos Cpt Phasma: playing with words Cpt Phasma: and you've never done any of it Cpt Phasma: omg Kylo Rxn: SHUT UP Kylo Rxn: it's worse Cpt Phasma: ... Cpt Phasma: you've never kissed anyone?! Kylo Rxn: worse still Cpt Phasma: you've never dated? or fallen in love?! Kylo Rxn: never Kylo Rxn: Hux is special Kylo Rxn: so special... Cpt Phasma: oh my god Cpt Phasma: Kylo !!!! Cpt Phasma: ok listen, don't be afraid Cpt Phasma: if you and Hux ever do anything Cpt Phasma: he is literally the sweetest cupcake ever Cpt Phasma: he'll understand, he won't make you do anything you don't want to Cpt Phasma: take it slow if you want Cpt Phasma: that is if he likes you Cpt Phasma: which I wouldn't know Kylo Rxn: :') Kylo Rxn: thanks Phas you're the best Cpt Phasma: I know I know Kylo Rxn disconnected Chapter 11 Today was it. Today was the day that Kylo would drive from his home, and meet up with Hux and Phasma for the first time ever. He felt excited and sick. Very sick. "Kylo are you ready yet?!" Rey called from downstairs. Finn, Poe and herself had been waiting by the door for half an hour with their bags, all ready to leave. They were all waiting for Kylo who, they were surprised to see, was the last one to be ready and was still getting ready. Well, if by getting ready you mean rocking back and forth on his bed. "He's never coming down," Poe was getting impatient, while Finn did his best to calm him down. "I'll get him..." Rey left her bag and ran upstairs, turning to walk into Kylo's room. He was all ready, his bag packed and his clothes on. "Kylo, what are you doing? We need to go now if you want to get there in time. You were the one who insisted we left early. It's nine AM we need to go!" She sat on his bed and put a hand on his head. "Kylo, if you don't want to go we don't have to..." "Of course I want to go, I'm just... afraid. What if he rejects me?" He finally sat up and looked at Rey. "He won't. Why would anyone reject someone like you, hmm?" Rey smiled and helped him up. "Come on then! Do you wanna see your boyfriend or not?!" She smirked and sprinted downstairs. "He's not my boyfriend yet!!" Kylo sprang up, suddenly more excited, and ran after her, with his bag in hand. After five minutes of saying goodbye to his parents, Kylo and the others got in the car, with Poe driving (he was the only one who could drive remotely sensibility). Finn was next to Poe in the front and Kylo and Rey sat in the back. This would be the longest hour of Kylo's life. Half an hour later, they got stuck in horrendous traffic, which caused Kylo to start twitching and shouting in the back. Rey slapped him, so he shut up. Poe and Finn ended up playing eye spy together and after a while, everyone joined in. - Phasma and Hux were both up getting ready to leave and start work. Phasma was unusually excited, which worried Hux. He decided to ignore the thought. Today their shifts would be easy - people rarely came in on Fridays. "We've got a couple of orders people are coming to pick up. I'll sort them out, you serve anyone that comes in." Phasma pulled on her tank top and skinny jeans. "I know the drill." Hux was also dressed in skinny jeans with a plain white shirt. "That is if anyone decides to come in. I'll serve our friendly Friday ghost." "You never know, Hux." She smiled and threw his comb at him from across the living room. "Whatever." He combed his hair back, leaving it in it's usual neat state. Phasma and Hux then left their apartment and walked down the stairs, both wearing stylish sunglasses. The sun was out today, brighter than yesterday, and lit up the whole town. Despite Phasma's height on Hux, they always held hands on the way to the cupcake cafe. They were close friends, Phasma very protective of Hux. After about five minutes of walking, the two reached the First Order and walked inside. They both proceeded to set up shop, Hux being the neat freak he is, cleaning every table. It was a small establishment, cute if you like, with a glass case showing the cupcakes they had on offer just next to the till. There were ten tables around the eating area, most for two people, some for larger groups. The two pulled their aprons on and flipped the sign from 'closed' to 'open'. - At 10:45 am, the others finally made it into the town and parked in the center car park. They all got out and waited while Poe paid for parking. Kylo was practically jumping up and down with excitement. "It's almost 11:00 they've been open nearly an hour now! We need to go what if they close?!" Kylo was breathing heavily. Rey took his bag and hit him with it. "Stop whining, they are still open for another three hours, we won't miss them!" Rey gave him his bag back, glaring. Poe came back and finally they were ready to go. "Everyone got everything they need? Good let's go." The four starting walking with their backpacks, Poe and Finn holding hands and talking about spaceships and God knows what else. Rey was talking to Kylo and giving him advice on what to say, even though he already knew exactly what he would do. "Wait guys! I forgot something!" Kylo stopped and pulled out sunglasses from his bag, putting them on his head. "He'll never recognize me." Rey face palmed at this. "Kylo just... Oh my God. Put the menu in front of your face or something if this is what you're going for." "Good plan Rey, I'll do that." He kept the glasses on anyway. They kept walking before they saw the cafe from a distance, about one minute away. They looked over and saw someone walk out. It wasn't busy at all, in fact it was completely empty for the moment. Kylo looked inside and saw someone. He almost fainted. Standing there in his apron, was Hux. Despite his distance, Kylo felt a sensation in his stomach and couldn't keep the smile off his face. The other three stopped and waited for Kylo to stop gazing at the ginger man in the window. "Kylo?" Rey walked over to him. "Love struck?" He nodded and looked down. "He's right there." Poe and Finn followed Rey to Kylo. "You'll do amazing Kylo, there's no need to worry! Just be yourself." Finn smiled. Kylo nodded. "C-can we sit down for a minute? I need to make sure I'm prepared, this needs to be perfect, for Hux." The others followed him to a bench where the four sat down. - Phasma was at the till, leaning against the space with her elbow, bored out of her mind. She knew they were coming, but she had absolutely no idea when they would come. Just then, out of the corner of her eye, she saw four figures sitting on the bench in the distance and she knew who they were. Without meaning to, she let out a quiet scream of excitement. Hux came running out from the back. "Phasma what's wrong?! Why did you scream?" Hux was at the till as if ordering something himself. He was facing opposite of Phasma, so couldn't see the four out of the window. Phasma's eyes widened. "HUX QUICK I NEED YOU IN THE BACK IT'S IMPORTANT." She grabbed him by the arm and pulled him into the kitchen so he couldn't see anything. "Ow." He glared at her then laughed. "What's up?" "Nothing, I got a sudden rush of excitement. I think I saw a bird." Phasma wasn't terribly good at covering things up. "..." Hux looked at her confused. "You think you saw a bird..?" "No, that's not right. I just remembered today is March 28th. That's a special day." "No it's not, nothing special about today." Hux suddenly looked somewhat silent, as if he was keeping something. "Are you feeling alright?" "Yes, I'm fine. Not to worry, you little bean. Let's get back to work." She breathed and went back to the till, hoping Hux wouldn't see them outside. - It had been about twenty minutes when Kylo decided he was ready. They all got up and walked down towards the cafe. Rey quickly whipped out her phone, texting Phasma. Jedi-Rey: we're here, get Hux in the back or something while we sit down :) Cpt Phasma: got it Rey smiled to herself. - Phasma quickly grabbed Hux for the second time and pulled him into the kitchen again. "Phas, I'm starting to worry now." Hux looked at her, trying to find signs of illness. "It's fine, nobody's coming in. Maybe we should chat for a bit. You know, friends getting to know each other." "We've known each other and have been best friends since primary school, I don't think there's anything we don't know about each other." "I still don't know things about you! You still haven't told me when your-" The bell rang as the door opened. Hux heard footsteps and low level talking between some people. "We have customers! That's a surprise. Get to the till, I'll serve them." Hux walked out of the kitchen and Phasma went to the till, trying to calm her excitement. Sat there, were three people, two male one female. Hux had actually never seen photos of Rey, Finn or Poe so had no idea what they looked like. "Can I help you?" Hux smiled and had his notebook and pen in hand. Poe and Finn were trying so hard not to smile. Rey replied, "Yes, we'll have these four cakes, please." She pointed to four cakes on the menu. "Our friend is running a bit late, he'll be here soon." She smiled. "Ok, they'll be with you in a few minutes." He walked back to the kitchen and began preparing the cakes. They'd already been made, but Hux liked to heat up the cakes for customers. Phasma was still at the till, looking over at Rey, Finn and Poe silently saying hello. The four shared their excitement. When Kylo finally walked in, Phasma grinned and pointed at the table, whispering for him to hurry up. Kylo ran to the table and sat down, putting a menu in front of his face. After a few minutes, Hux walked out and placed the cakes on the table, a little confused at the man holding the menu in front of his face. "Here you are, enjoy!" Hux turned around and started walking back to the kitchen. That's when everything went in slow motion, as he heard a voice, familiar to him but still blurry. "Thanks, gingerbread." Hux stopped in his tracks and put his hands to his face, turning around and seeing him. Kylo took his sunglasses off and moved the menu from his face, standing up and smiling. Hux looked at him, wide eyed, and felt tears start rolling down his face. Standing there was Kylo Ren, his hair perfect, his face perfect, his eyes perfect, him. He was perfect. Hux ran over to him and flung his arms around him, holding him tightly, tears streaming down his face. He was speechless, and couldn't say anything. Neither could the other man. Three minutes or so passed, and the two were still in their embrace, while Phasma put her phone down after recording the whole thing. Rey, Finn, Poe and Phasma greeted each other and laughed, talking with each other. Hux wanted to see the others, but all that mattered now was him and Kylo. He ran out of the store, grabbing Kylo's hand and pulling him. "I-I can't believe you're here. W-when did you..." Hux found it hard to speak, getting lost in Kylo's eyes. Kylo looked into Hux's eyes. "I'll explain later, but I want to know if..." Kylo took a minute to build up courage. "If you'll be mine, if you'll be my gingerbread prince, to rule the galaxy by my side. If you'll be my Padmé. If you love me as much as I love you, because, I love you, you little dork. I can't imagine my life anymore without you in i-" Kylo was cut off by a pair of soft lips, capturing his own. He melted in the kiss, closing his eyes and wrapping his arms around Hux's small waist. "Of course I will, you nerd." They both smiled and continued kissing for longer, while Finn noticed them. He got the other's attention, and pointed outside, and the four were so happy for the two outside. - [A/N] Please excuse me while I cry in a pit. This chapter was very emotional to write but I loved it so much - I really hope it was worth the long and painful wait. While writing this, the song "The Only Exception" by Paramore really inspired me and made it all the more emotional! Go give it a listen :) If you enjoyed this story please share it with other people who like Kylux! - Lenny, Nova <3 Chapter 12 "They're still outside, I think that's a record for Hux. Five solid minutes of making out with another guy," said Phasma, talking to the three at the counter. "I'll go get them, I want to meet Hux properly now," Rey smiled and walked towards the door, opening it and causing the two to jump. "If you two are done snogging, there's food inside and I'd quite like to eat it." Hux felt his face flush slightly red. "Oh, hello Rey. Nice to meet you, officially," He moved from Kylo's embrace and held out his hand to shake Rey's hand. She laughed and wrapped her arms around him. "Nice to meet you too, Hux," She answered as he hugged her back. "I guess you, Phasma and I are the Brits in this group," Rey added, pulling away from the hug and walking towards the door. Hux and Kylo laughed in response. "I guess so," Hux waited for Kylo, smiling at him. The taller man put an arm around Hux as they walked inside. They all introduced each other, then Kylo and Phasma pulled two tables together and they all sat around it. The six friends talked for hours more, Hux and Phasma occasionally getting up to serve customers. It continued like this until closing time at 14:00. "All ready guys! Let's go," Phasma closed everything up and they started walking to the car park. Phasma, Hux and Rey were at the front talking, while Finn, Poe and Kylo were behind. "So Ky, what'd you think of Hux?" Finn asked with a cute smile, making Poe smile. "He's everything I thought he would be, and more. I don't think I've ever been happier, not for a long time at least," Kylo looked up at Hux as he said this, watching him walk. He looked amazing. "That's so sweet, Kylo. I'm happy we came out here, the cupcakes were delicious!" beamed Finn. "They really were, and Finn? Stop being adorable please," said Poe giving Finn a soft kiss on the cheek, causing him to blush and smile. "Ew nope please stop," Kylo walked at a faster pace, catching up with the other three. He swiftly took Hux's hand in his. The ginger haired man jumped. "You scared me!" Hux exclaimed. Before Kylo could say anything else, Poe spoke up. "Guys, I only have four seats in my car, someone's gonna have to walk." "I don't mind walking," Kylo stated. Hux looked up at him. "I'll go with him! I- mean, I know the way to the house, so it makes sense for me to go with him," Hux laughed quietly. He didn't mean to say that as quickly as he did. Phasma mentally face palmed. "We'll see you there then," Phasma waved and walked towards the car park with the others. She felt she could trust Kylo, yes, but she always worried for Hux. - Kylo and Hux had been walking down the street for around ten minutes, their hands intertwined. The two talked and talked about all sorts, they just clicked. Kylo was a bad romantic, having never dated anyone. Hux wasn't much better, despite having some dates in the past, but he was certainly better than Kylo. "We're almost there, the apartment building is just around this corner," Hux pointed out, the light still bright in the sky. "Ohh, I was enjoying this walk with you," Kylo whined, grinning afterwards. "Don't worry, we can hang out in my room," Hux realized what he said after he said it. "Hang out, hmm?" Kylo smirked. Hux hit him on the arm. "Shut up," Hux felt a blush creep across his face, but he was still grinning like an idiot. "Were you being serious, have you never dated anyone before? Or had sex? None at all?" "Never, you're my first date. Before I met you I was starting to think I'd never find love," said Kylo, turning his head to kiss Hux's. "Really? That means a lot Ky," Hux confessed, softly. They reached the building. "Here we are," Hux unlocked the door and walked in. He ran up the stairs, pulling Kylo up after him. "Hey Hux," Kylo panted. "Where am I sleeping? Phasma didn't tell me." "I'm not sure, I'll ask her," Hux opened the door and let Kylo in before closing it and locking it. Phasma, Rey, Finn and Poe were all prepping the sofa and the floor in front of the TV. They had the double blow up mattress there already, and Rey had laid claim to the sofa. "Guys we're watching a movie, come join us!" Rey sat on the blow up mattress next to Finn and Poe, while Phasma got popcorn and drinks. "Sure thing," Hux walked over to Phasma, Kylo to the others. "Phasma, I can see clearly where the other three are sleeping. I'm afraid to ask you where Kylo is sleeping, because I have a feeling I know where it's going." Hux helped her get drinks. "Hux, please, you guys have made out already, and probably done even more on your walk. I doubt sharing a bed will be at all scary, as long as you keep it down," She said with a smirk. "We didn't-! We're not going to..!" He pouted, gave up and sat down next to Kylo. - By the time the film ended, it was around 17:00. They all ended up eating pizza, talking and playing various fun and stupid games until 21:00, when people started getting ready for bed. Kylo and Hux walked as discreetly as they could towards Hux's room, having already said goodnight to everyone. Once in, Kylo closed the door and turned to face Hux. "Um... Hux? I-if we are going to do anything tonight, I haven't done any of it before, so you'll have to guide me," Kylo flushed red and tried to cover his face. Hux moved closer to him and took his arms in his hands, pulling them off his face. "We don't have to do anything you don't want to, Ky," Hux smiled and moved quickly to the bathroom to brush his teeth. Kylo couldn't be bothered honestly, but he grabbed his toothbrush from his suitcase and did so anyway. Once they were all done, Kylo sat on the edge of Hux's bed, looking nervous. Hux walked over to him, cupping his face in his hands and kissing his lips. They pulled away after a minute. "Do you want to do anything?" Hux ran a hand through the man's long black hair. "I do... I really do, you have no idea. I'm just scared of messing up, for you," He looked up at Hux, looking into his green eyes. "You don't have to do much, ok? We'll take it slow. I just want your first time to be as enjoyable and pleasurable as possible." Hux kissed him again. "Ok, I think I'm ready. Thank you Hux." Kylo was cut off by Hux's lips again, warm and inviting. Hux slowly climbed on top of Kylo, lovingly kissing him, as he began to unbutton his shirt. - The morning after for Kylo was amazing. He was wrapped in the silky sheets of the man's bed, with Hux's arms around him. He tried not to wake the ginger up, even though he didn't move at all. Never had he felt so happy, and so at peace. Hux woke soon after. "Morning, Ky," Hux kissed his cheek. "How was it last night?" He yawned. "It was incredible, Hux. You made it so perfect, thank you so much." Kylo took Hux's hand in his. "I'll have to try taking control next time." "Sure thing, Ky. That sounds good." Hux laughed and stayed there with Kylo for another half an hour or so, equally at peace. Chapter 13 Kylo and Hux stayed in bed until 9:00 am, talking with each other and such. They could hear people talking in the living room and assumed everyone was up. Hux got up first, dragging Kylo up with him. The two got dressed and ready for the day. They were welcomed by a small ginger cat walking through the door that was opened slightly, Hux thought by Phasma. He picked her up and stroked her head. "Hello Millie, here to meet Kylo?" Hux smiled as Kylo sat next to him on the bed. "He's very friendly." "She's so cute," Kylo beamed and ran his hand along her back, softly. Hux then placed her back on the floor and stood up. He walked towards the door and opened it fully, moving into the living room, with Kylo following. The cat immediately ran out to Phasma, who was holding her food in her hand. "Morning guys!" Rey smiled as she ate her cereal. They sat down on the sofa next to Rey. "So... how was last night Ky? I don't know if you're still a virgin or not. I did heard noises, you may have fallen over or something, but I'm pretty sure you guys were banging." Kylo blushed at this, Hux too but not as much. "Is it really important that you know what we did, Rey?" Hux asked. "So you did have sex. I knew it," She grinned to herself and finished her cereal. "I didn't say-!" Hux left it and stood to get some breakfast. "Do you want anything Kylo?" "I'll have some toast please, thanks Hux," Kylo smiled at his boyfriend. Once Hux had gone into the kitchen and was talking to Phasma, Rey turned to Kylo. "So Kylo, how was it?" She spoke in a quiet voice. "It was amazing, he was so incredible. But I'm not going into any details," Kylo smirked and sat back on the sofa just as Millicent jumped up and sat next to him. He smiled and placed his hand on her back. "By the way, where are Poe and Finn?" "Out to get some stuff for tonight, it should be pretty fun. Poe has all these games in mind for us all to play before we leave on Sunday," said Rey. "Cool, sounds like fun," Kylo suddenly felt awful. Like he might be sick. He completely forget they were leaving on Sunday. He had no idea when he would next see Hux, sure they'd talk online, but when would he next be in his arms? When would he kiss him again? Their long distance relationship might not work out. "Sorry Rey, I need to go outside for a minute." "Okay Ky. Are you feeling alright?" She put a hand on his arm. "Yeah, just need some air," He wasn't alright, his stomach agreed with that. Kylo ran to the door and pushed it open, shutting it behind him. He took several deep breaths in, trying not to faint. Why was this making him feel so sick? Five minutes or so passed and Kylo was feeling a little better. He heard a knock on the door and a familiar voice. He opened it and let Hux outside, closing it behind him. "Kylo, what's wrong? Why are you out here?" Hux slipped his hand down, holding Kylo's in his. Kylo held his hand for a moment, then let go turning so he was facing away from Hux. "What happens when I leave tomorrow? When I'm not here anymore, will you still want me?" He looked down and held back his tears. "What if you forget about me?" "Don't be silly Ky, how on earth could I forget about you?" Hux took Kylo's hand again and turned him around so he was facing him. "I'll never stop loving you, you're Kylo. Kylo Ren. We won't lose contact, plus you're only an hour away from here. It's not too far away. You can visit whenever!" Hux smiled at Kylo, trying to make him feel better about the whole situation. "I guess so," Kylo looked up at Hux and had a thought in his mind. He didn't know what Hux would say, but he thought he would say anyway. "Hux... What if I moved in with you and Phas? And if I'd help you out at the cafe?" Hux looked at him wide eyed. He hadn't even began to consider the idea. "I..." He stopped. "I'd love it if you moved in Kylo, yes that's an excellent idea. I'll have to ask Phasma, but I'm sure she'll say yes." He began to feel excited. "What about your friends Kylo? And your parents?" "They've been wanting me to get a place of my own anyway and the guys can come visit once a month. Or we can visit them. It's perfect!" Kylo grinned at Hux and held both his hands tight. "I love you Hux!" He leaned in and kissed him happily. Hux pulled away for a moment. "I love you too, Kylo," He laughed softly and kissed him again. Just as they were kissing, Finn and Poe arrived back with some shopping bags. "Guys we weren't gone for twenty minutes and you're already snogging again," Poe complained, but laughed with Finn after. Kylo and Hux opened the door again to let Poe and Finn in and closed it behind them, smiling at each other. Chapter 14 "Are you sure you want to move over here Ky?" Rey questioned after all the events had occurred. "We're only an hour away, surely it would be easier to stay where you are now. Plus your parents are at home." "Yes I'm sure, mom and dad will be fine. You guys are all there! And I need to do this, Rey. Hux and I want to stay close, he's incredible, I-" Kylo stopped and turned to look at Hux who was laughing with the others about some joke Poe had made. He smiled. "I love him." Rey looked at Kylo, then sighed a happy sigh and wrapped her arms around him. "If you love him, then stay. Hell I can't stop you, but I can see you have some connection with each other. It's like you're soul mates and, well, as long as you're happy, that's good enough for me," she chuckled softly, unwrapping her arms from Kylo. "Thanks Rey, you're the best cousin," Kylo smirked and ruffled her hair, messing it up. "Hey! How dare you," she said glaring at her cousin, then bursting out into laughter with him. "So what's the plan then?" "Well, Hux suggested we take his car back home with Phasma to get all my stuff and so he can meet my parents. You guys drive back with Poe," Kylo smiled and looked over at Hux, admiring him and how tall yet thin his body was. He looked absolutely gorgeous, he couldn't help but smile. "Can you brief the others over the plan? I want to see Hux again." "Can't keep your hands off him can you?" Rey smirked then laughed. "Sure thing Ky. Hey guys, let me fill you in on what's going on!" Rey called everyone over, except Hux who felt two large hands wrap around his waist from behind. Rey began to break down what was going on, while Hux smiled at the touch. "Hello my darling," Kylo whispered next to Hux's ear. He smiled and kissed Hux's neck softly. "Hey beautiful," Hux smiled and turned around, placing his arms around Kylo's shoulders. "I- um... I have something to tell you. It's something I've never told anyone before,well, except my parents but they already knew." Kylo suddenly looked concerned. "Sure thing, you can tell me anything Hux." "Well, yesterday when you came to the cafe..." Hux took a deep breath and looked down. Kylo pulled him closer for comfort, assuring the smaller man. The ginger smiled. "Yesterday was my birthday. You coming there was the greatest gift I've ever received in my life. Well, one of the only. I've not told anyone when my birthday is because I feel people shouldn't fuss over me or get me anything, I don't deserve that." Hux was blushing and closing his eyes. Neither of them had any idea the others were watching them very closely, Phasma in awe having just found out Hux's birthdate. Kylo was shocked that Hux thought like that. "Are you serious Hux? You don't think you deserve that?" Kylo said, upset at the remark. How could anyone so perfect think such a thing? "Well... I don't know. I don't think-" Hux was cut off by Kylo placing his lips against his. His warm inviting lips that Hux adored to kiss. They stayed there for a moment before Kylo looked him in the eyes, pressing their foreheads together. "If I could give you the world, Hux, I would. Do you know why? Because you deserve everything. Please don't doubt yourself like that, ever again. I'm marking that date on my calendar, we'll celebrate when we get to my parents house." Kylo smiled and kissed Hux's nose softly. Hux was blushing even more so than before. "Really Ky? You'd do that for me?" "Of course I would you muffin!" Kylo lifted him up princess style and kissed him again. Poe turned to Finn, smirking. "Oh Finn, I'm so in love with you!" Finn laughed and lifted Poe up as best he could. "So am I Poe you muffin!" The two mimicked Kylo and Hux's kiss, then laughed. Rey and Phasma both mentally and physically face palmed. Kylo glared, then went back to making out with Hux. "Right guys, enough of these ridiculous romantic kissing scenes, let's get ready to go!" Phasma said, as Rey nodded in agreement, smiling to herself. Chapter 15 "Hurry up guys! I'm not going to wait any longer," Phasma shouted out of the car. They hadn't even started driving and she was already complaining. Hux and Kylo were finally ready after what seemed like months and months of discussing plans which Phasma felt was all unnecessary for the moment. They scrambled into the back of the car, Hux laughing when Kylo got stuck. The air was clear today and sweet. Hux smiled as they left the parking area, latching his hand onto Kylo's. "Finally, you guys took forever. What were you doing up there? Or do I need to ask," Phasma asked suggestively with a roll of the eyes. "Hey! We were not doing anything like that, Phas," Hux defended himself, although he knew Phasma wouldn't believe him. Kylo laughed and gave Hux a wink, causing the smaller ginger to hit his arm. "I still can't believe what you said about your birthday, gingerbread. Don't you tell me things like that again, okay?" Kylo put an arm around Hux in saying this, almost protectively. His large arm fit perfectly in the curve of Hux's shoulders making him smile. "I know I know, I'm sorry. I won't say things like that again," Hux sighed, glad he was able to finally share the information with someone he loved. "You may not believe that, Kylo. I'm in disbelief that it took a young guy from Tumblr for him to reveal his birthday," Phasma laughed, still putting all her focus on the road ahead of her. "Actually, it sort of makes sense now that I think about it." "I would have done eventually," Hux pointed out. "I doubt it," Phasma said. After that, nothing much more was said in the car. Phasma turned some music on and focused on driving, not wanting to have any accidents. Hux turned to face Kylo, his fingers moving to trace patterns on his chest. He then whispered in a soft tone, "I'm tired, Ky. I might fall asleep." "Go for it," Kylo smiled down at Hux, letting his head rest against his shoulder while his arm cushioned his head. Kylo thought he looked so adorable laying by his side, it was all he needed to smile. The two remained like this for the rest of the journey, Kylo falling asleep eventually, his head resting next to Hux's. - Kylo was woken abruptly by the sound of Phasma's voice. They had just arrived at his parent's house. "Phasma, why'd you wake me up?" Kylo groaned attempting to sit up. "We're here, come on. You need to pack your stuff up, and I'm certain your parents will want to see you and Hux." "Alright," Kylo replied, stretching his legs out as much as he could. He turned to see Hux, surprisingly still asleep. Kylo smiled and tried to wake him up as quietly as possible. "Hux? We're here." He shook him very slightly, trying to get him up. Hux's eyes opened as Kylo shook him. He let out a small yawn as he stretched his arms, eyes blinking. "Kylo? Are we here already?" "Yes, you fell asleep remember?" Kylo grinned and took Hux's hand, helping him get out of the car. "I remember, yes. I can help you pack if you'd like." "That would be great, you need to meet my parents first." Hux nodded and the two made their way to the front door of Kylo's parents' house, which was already wide open. The others had arrived earlier and Phasma was already inside. "Ben? Ben!" Leia smiled and walked outside, wrapping her arms around Kylo. Kylo chuckled and returned the warm hug. "Hey mom, how are you?" "I'm fine, but that's not important," she turned to face Hux and moved to give him a hug. Hux's eyes widened and he looked over to Kylo who just shrugged and continued to laugh to himself. She pulled away and took a step back to look at Hux. "Hello, you must be Hux, it's lovely to meet you honey." "The pleasure is mine, Mrs Solo." Hux smiled and felt his cheeks go ever so slightly pink. "Call me Leia, dear. Do you two wanna come inside? I can get you a drink of something?" "Sure that'd be great mom," Kylo responded, taking Hux's hand in his. "I guess she approves of you huh?" He whispered once Leia had walked inside. "I hope so," Hux beamed as they both walked inside. Notes: Let's be friends my Tumblr is NovaSalt :D