you had realised that, sometimes, being with kylo could have undeniable perks. there were many perks, ranging from major to minor, but one of the clearest was that nobody knew your body quite like him. he had spied out every curve, freckle, scar on your skin, using them as landmarks to map his way across your body. he knew exactly where to curl his fingers, exactly where your most sensitive spots were, exactly how to make your body surrender to him. he knew when to kiss your neck and squeeze your breasts and pinch your clit, rubbing it between his fingertips. kylo knew all of this. he also knew how to make you discover things you thought you never would have wanted. you figured that was the clearest explanation to why you were currently lying on the bed, propped up on your arms and shaking as kylo spoke between your legs. "you know, when i suggested this, i really didn't think you'd be into it," he murmured. you whined quietly, head tilting back as vibrations rippled over your thighs with every word. "it's... unconventional , for sure. my mask is hardly meant to be used this way." his tone was mocking. you grimaced. "sh-shut up." "do you really want me to?" he said, and you gasped, because he'd edged a lot closer to your sex, practically nudging his face against you. it did nothing to weaken the vibrations as he spoke, and looking down, you saw that his ankles were crossed behind him. relaxation was key, it seemed. "do you like this? does it— turn you on ?" he asked, his voice deep and filled with metal as you reflexively slid your wetness over the smooth surface of his mask weakly, almost if in answer. you could practically see his raised eyebrow as he said, "really— i have to wear this." you shivered as you felt kylo grab your thighs, rubbing his face over you as he spoke. "do you like songs?" he asked, and you felt your blood go from snow to magma and your eyes roll back as he began to hum, sending a steady stream of vibrations over your cunt. you gasped, nails scratching over the plastic (and you wished his hair was out so you could grab it) as the sensations dipped and swelled in time with the metallic intonations. your rapidly approaching orgasm wasn't held back by the feeling of the metal rubbing over you, the silver ridges sliding over your clit. you didn't know what song he was singing - probably a lullaby from when he was young - but you felt your body rise up and a choked moan escape from your throat as you came, kylo pressing his face deeper into you to drag it out. you opened your eyes, sighing as the ringing in your ears subsided and you raised your neck to look at kylo. the top of his mask peeped out at you blankly, and you had to hold in a giggle at the sight. there was a pause as he knelt up, straddling you before reaching up to remove his mask. there was a hiss of compressed air and he slid it off carefully, shaking his hair from his eyes as he set it down on the table. he leaned back down over you to kiss your forehead. "was that better than my tongue?" he asked against your skin, and you contemplated. "it was new," you said finally, and you felt his lips quirk up in a smile. you closed your eyes and moaned suddenly as you felt kylo trail his fingertips around your clit. he'd sucked on it earlier and licked into you to the point where your whole cunt was so oversensitive that the slightest touch made you feel as it you could burst. you noticed his eyes glowing through the dim light in the room, eyes that were usually dark brown now flecked with specks of light so plentiful that they looked like they were filled with gold. sunlight through amber, irises ringed with a thin inkline of earthy brown. they tracked you, catlike and alert, for any and all of your reactions. every sigh, every moan, every movement; kylo noted it down to make you respond exactly the way he wanted you to. as you felt two fingers slide into you, you began to grow increasingly desperate for something more — something to fill you up. kylo's fingers were warm and rough and calloused as he curled them inside you to rub against your g-spot, smiling at the way your eyes shot open as he stretched you out. "ky-kylo—" you choked out, licking your lips before shakily continuing. "i-i— need you, right now —" you were quietened by a finger to your lips as kylo simply nodded (and the action was so unexpected you were briefly swayed), removing his fingers from you before climbing on top of your aching, glittering body. you moaned as he bucked his hips, the head of his cock rubbing against your clit before he slid inside you. his thrusts were rough and followed a brutal, animalistic rhythm, kylo pressing his body as close to yours as possible. one hand went up to grab the hair at the back of your neck, fingers sliding up and palm resting flat, pulling your head to the side so he could nip at your neck and whisper to you, words that made your insides burn and your guts twist in the best way possible as he squeezed your clit between his knuckles, causing your hips to jolt. you heard a low growl reverberate from the pit of his throat, reddening the air around you both as kylo closed his eyes in bliss at the symphony of pants and wails and moans pouring from your mouth — "kylo, please !" kylo gritted his teeth, burying his face under your jaw to breathe in the sweet scent of your sweat and perfume as his thrusts became more erratic and your noises became more desperate. you wailed, keening loudly as you came suddenly, your eyes rolling back as noises slipped from your mouth, (" oh ... oh— ky-l- oh ...") limbs going limp as kylo came with a stuttered curse, his head tilting back and a hand running through his hair as bit down on your shoulder. he pulled out, letting you roll onto your front before collapsing on top of you as he pulled up the blankets for more your comfort than his own, shaking. both of you lay like that for a while, sighs echoing around the room as you felt kylo plant small kisses to your shoulderblades, the back of your neck, hugging you tight and warm and safe. maybe being with this guy did have its perks, after all.