Kylo Ren loves very few things. He is not a Jedi, so love isn't forbidden, but he tells himself it is a weakness and a distraction nonetheless. While he understands love well enough to experience it, he believes it to be pointless and petty, and he will deny any remaining affection that he may or may not harbour for his mother until his dying breath. However, one thing he does willingly admit that he loves, unconditionally and without question, is his mask. Kylo had first put it on when he was twenty-four, and in the beginning it had been more of a curse than a blessing. Not used to such an unnecessary measure, especially one that blocked his face, young Kylo had found it uncomfortable- the way it distorted his voice, limited his vision and made him feel terribly hot resulted in very little enthusiasm for his new attire. But Darth Vader had worn a mask, so Kylo had tried to stick with it. Now, eight years and countless amounts of upgrades later, he has grown fond of it. As much as he loathes to admit it, he has become increasingly insecure about the way he looks and sounds, and while a few people in the Finalizer crew have seen him maskless, it does help in most situations with his rather obvious lack of social skills. Oh, not forgetting the matter that it successfully hides his constant gazing at a certain General aboard the Finalizer. Because one of the other few things Kylo loves? Hux. He doesn't know it, of course, since Kylo would never allow him to find out. But he fears that without his mask, it would be obvious enough anyway. And if it became obvious, all hell would break loose, due to the fact that Hux completely and utterly despises him. Hux has seen him without his mask before, a few times, but always briefly. Kylo distinctly remembers the ' oh ' he had heard from Hux's mind the first time he'd seen his face, and distinctly tries not to remember the tears of frustration and disappointment he'd had to bite back at Hux's apparent disgust with his appearance. He can't venture deep into someone's mind, not without time and effort and probable pain for the other person, but he easily senses surface thoughts. And Hux's thoughts about him? They're not good. Not good at all. If Hux were to discover Kylo's humiliating but hopeless devotion to him, he would most likely murder Kylo. Or at least try. So his mask is as much a protection as it as a comfort. It protects him from the inevitability of the General using his sharp mind to deduce what Kylo's longing glances toward him are, protects him from Hux understanding the softness in his voice when he speaks to him, which the mask easily makes sound harsh. Kylo can blush and stammer and choke on butterflies all he likes in Hux's presence without having to worry about being found out. That is, until the blasted scavenger girl comes along and actually manages to beat him in a lightsaber duel, leaving him for dead, bleeding out into the snow. He reawakens a day later in the medbay, to see Hux standing motionless in the doorway. "The medical droids informed me you were waking up," Hux states as he suddenly moves into action and strides towards Kylo's bed. "How are you feeling?" It's all very sudden. Kylo experiences a rare moment of complete disorientation as he struggles into a sitting position. "I... What happened?" He questions. “Starkiller is gone. Destroyed.” Kylo detects a hint of mournfulness in Hux's tone. “I'm sorry,” he says. “No you're not. You don't care,” Hux snaps. “It wasn't yours.” I am, I do , Kylo thinks petulantly, because it was yours . “Anyway,” Hux continues, “we managed to escape on the Finalizer. We believe the girl and her traitor made it off the planet too.” “Where are we headed?” “Originally my orders were to take you to the Supreme Leader, but once I explained to him the extent of your injuries he decided to wait a little longer and give you time to heal. Currently we are slowly heading towards his planet, but with no rush. The most important thing is that we avoid the Resistance.” Liar, Hux thinks . Kylo tilts his head, “who's a liar?” “How many times do I have to tell you, Ren? Stay out of my head!” Hux exclaims, but Kylo grabs him by the wrist before he can storm away. “Tell me,” he demands. “I don't owe you anything , I'm the one who saved you-” “On the Supreme Leader's orders. Not of your own volition.” It isn't exactly a stab in the dark. “Now tell me.” “ I'm the liar.” Fuming, Hux tears his wrist from Kylo's grip and grits his teeth at the betrayed look he receives. “Stop looking at me like that! I didn't lie to you . What I told you is true. It was Supreme Leader Snoke that I lied to.” He shifts his gaze away from Kylo guiltily, directing it toward the floor. “About how badly you were hurt. He currently believes it's much worse than it actually is.” “You lied to him? For me ? Why ?” “Because I'm no fool , Ren. You're afraid of him.” Hux sighs, meeting his eyes again. “If the Supreme Leader has it is way, he'll want to start training you again immediately after you've healed, which just isn't beneficial . Your wounds could reopen, your movement would still be limited- you need more time. His approach on things; it just isn't logical . If he wants you to actually be of help to the First Order then he needs to cut you some slack.” There's a pause. “Thank you.” It's all Kylo can think to say, and it's better than blurting out something more meaningful; something he might regret. Hux seems to appreciate it anyway, as he gives him an uncomfortable nod of acknowledgement, before gesturing a hand to Kylo's face and moving the conversation away from the strange sense of companionship it had just gained. “The droids told me it would scar,” he says. “Sorry.” “No you're not,” Kylo retaliates as he lifts a hand up to feel the twisted and scarring skin on his face. Hux smirks. “It's not too much of a shame. I'll just wear my mask.” “Well, good luck finding it. As far as I'm concerned, it was destroyed with the rest of that damned planet,” Hux scoffs, before turning on his heel to leave. “Do try to get better, Kylo,” he says in lieu of farewell, stalking away through the open door. Kylo thinks that was the most civil conversation they've ever had. Which is slightly concerning, considering his feelings for Hux- but then again, their relationship has always been antagonistic. What's more concerning to him is that he no longer owns a mask. No mask to conceal his scar or face. No mask to conceal his staring. He now actually has to try to hide that he often acts like a smitten schoolboy around Hux, seconds away from tripping over his words and feet at just a chance to be noticed in any kind of positive light. Perhaps little Ben Solo wouldn't have come over to the Dark Side in the first place if he'd known how truly pathetic it would make him. “No.” “Hux-” “ No . We haven't got the fuel to get there, and it's completely out of our way. It's pointless.” “ Pointless ?” Kylo shouts, ignoring the stares they're getting. “But I need it!” “Ren, how is it so hard for you to understand? This isn't just about you ! I don't care if you need a special type of metal from a specific planet! I don't give a damn about your blasted mask!” Hux snarls, lip curling viciously. Kylo pretends he can't feel his knees go weak. Usually it's the kind of thing that would have him rushing to his quarters as soon as possible, hard and aching and tearing at his robes in desperation, or waking up in the middle of the night after particularly vivid dreams, Hux's name on his lips, sated and sticky and wanting. But he needs his mask. “It's important ,” he bites out, taking a step closer to Hux. “But not necessary ,” Hux snaps. Kylo growls, anger mounting steadily as he pushes even further forward, attempting to crowd Hux against the side of the bridge. But it's to no avail. He simply holds Kylo's glare, unflinching. “ Please ,” he says, one last try. Hux sighs. “I'm sorry, Kylo.” He snaps. His lightsaber is in his hand in seconds, its glowing almost in parallel to his red hot rage. “Take me there. Now,” he commands. But much like usual- like every other time they've had an argument that has ended up like this- it doesn't make a difference. Hux seems to be one of the only people who isn't frightened of Kylo Ren with his empty threats and lightsaber. “I told you: no , ” Hux repeats, barely glancing at the weapon now pointed at him. Kylo hates him for his indifference. But he also loves him, and if he were anyone else Kylo would've killed him long ago. His threats are only empty, of course, when it comes to Hux , and as much as it frustrates him to admit it, he won't hurt him. So in a swirl of blazing red and black fury, Kylo storms from the bridge. In the next few days, he has to put up with countless amounts of meetings and conversations that he doesn't really want to be involved in. Except now he doesn't have a mask to hide how bored he is, and just pulling his hood down really, really low doesn't seem to make a difference. It just makes him look ridiculous, and he knows Phasma is laughing underneath her helmet, dammit. Hux doesn't make it any easier, either- Kylo has spent so long freely looking at him that it's hard to adjust to keeping his eyes elsewhere and schooling his facial expression into something neutral. He spends his days sullen and distracted, yearning for possessions that are long gone. Ever since Hux denied his request to pick up the metal he needs to build himself a new mask, he's found himself becoming filled with more and more despair. Troops and officers alike are now beginning to view Kylo as much more of a human being, rather than the faceless phantom that had haunted the halls of their precious Finalizer mere weeks ago. It may sound childish, but as the master of the Knights of Ren, he has a reputation to uphold, and he hates the fact that people are seeing him as vulnerable. “And you, Ren?” The conference room turns it's attention to him as he jolts in surprise. Is he actually expected to listen to whatever inane drivel Hux comes out with? “What are your thoughts on the matter?” He shrugs listlessly, trying not to blush now Hux's eyes are on him. “I wouldn't know.” “No,” Hux says, an infuriating little smirk playing on his mouth. “You wouldn’t. You'd do better to actually listen next time, Ren. Otherwise your poor attention span might just get you in trouble.” He feels himself prickle at being scolded like a child, glaring at Hux as he turns back to the rest of the room to carry on speaking. Kylo wants to slap him. Or kiss him. Preferably both. Kylo Ren, supposed master at meditation, is bored . He's in too much pain to meditate and they don't seem to be doing much anymore, just slowly floating towards the unforgiving piece of rock that happens to be where Snoke lives. Hux calls it laying low. Kylo calls it hiding. Their defeat at the hands of the Resistance was humiliating , nothing more to it- the First Order, the genius, larger than life organisation set on restoring order to the galaxy was beaten by a couple of children . Now, their armies reduced and their plans thwarted, the First Order seems to have shrunken in both size and noise. Usually so loud about their promises of political salvation from the Republic, they appear to have turned and run with their tail between their legs. Kylo thinks it's cowardice, despite his beloved General's insistence about 'laying low'. But these were apparently orders from the Supreme Leader himself, so nobody, not even Kylo, objects to them too much. His only pastime at the moment is annoying Hux, which to be perfectly candid, isn't that hard. All he really has to do is walk around with his lightsaber out and it has Hux twitching in irritation. He probably gets worried about his precious ship. It's slightly endearing. Phasma rolls her eyes at both of them and makes an offhand comment to Kylo about it being a “strange hobby for him to indulge in, considering how he feels about General Hux.” Kylo just smiles through gritted teeth and pretends not to be mortified, feigning casualness as he strides away, as quickly as he can. His days fall into a mundane repetitiveness without his training, meditation and the ability to count the freckles on Hux's face without his knowledge. There isn't anything to do anymore, which is a terrible thing while trapped on a ship going nowhere fast. His restless frustration is reaching critical levels, and when one of the medical droids informs him that it's still not okay for him to do strenuous activity, the lack of activities quickly transforms from a terrible thing to a dangerous thing. He marches from the Medbay, burning with boredom and outrage. He just wants to train , to show Snoke that he's not completely useless once they reach him. Kylo doesn't even consider any consequences when he gets out his lightsaber and swings . “You're a fool.” It's the first thing Kylo hears. He squints to see Hux sitting by his bedside, looking even more exasperated with him than usual. He's forced to listen to another lecture as he sits up, wincing at the pain. “What were you thinking , Ren? The droids tell you you're not to take part in any strenuous activity, so you go and swing your laser sword around like a child throwing a tantrum? What part of 'try to get better' do you not understand ?” “I was angry,” he mumbles. “I'm sorry.” “You should be,” Hux snaps. “Your stitches reopened, you stupid boy. You destroyed yet another console, which is going to cost me even more , and not forgetting that the Supreme Leader will have my head if I return his prize toy to him damaged.” “I wouldn't let him,” Kylo swears, in a sudden burst of protective determination. “I won't let him.” “Kylo, darling, I appreciate the thought, but your affection for me isn't a match for all the power Snoke holds," Hux tuts, moving from his seat to perch on the side of Kylo's bed. “Anyway, that's besides the point. I'm done with cleaning up your messes. This is the second time in a month that you've ended up in the medbay. Granted, the first time wasn't entirely your fault but...” He trails off at the expression of horror on Kylo's face. “What?” “My… affection for you?” He says, voice nearing a whisper. “I've told you before, Kylo. I'm not a fool. And you're not as stealthy as you think you are.” “Shut up. I'm plenty stealthy,” he spits. “Did Phasma tell you?” “No. Are you aware that you can still tell if someone's looking at you even if you can't see their face? It's indicated by the way their head is pointed towards you. Constantly .” Kylo splutters. “And really? With the touching? I've never had a rivalry where someone has been so tactile with me.” “Well that's just-” “Kylo. Things became very obvious to me when I got back to my quarters one evening to find several items of my clothing missing, along with a notification on my datapad letting me know you'd used your security clearance to access my rooms earlier that very day. What do you do with my favourite shirt, I have to ask?” He often uses it for something to bury his face into when he masturbates, and mostly just as an extra pillow that smells like Hux. But Hux doesn't have to know that. “You've known the whole time?” He asks. “Even when I had my mask?” “Even when you had your mask,” Hux answers, grinning in amusement, and that's Hux's smile , his real, proper smile, and it's the most beautiful thing Kylo Ren has ever had the privilege to lay his eyes on. “I'm in love with you,” he blurts out. “I thought we'd already covered that?” Hux says, before he leans over and kisses him. Oh . The thing is: Kylo has never kissed anyone before. Ben Solo had kissed people. Kylo remembers it; his mother's cheek, a girl's hand, a boy's lips. Leia had always insisted that he kissed her goodbye, and he had finally put his fathers advice into practice at one of those ridiculous political parties and danced with all the pretty girls. The boy had been another Force-sensitive, like him, training to be a Jedi. They had broken into his Uncle Luke's alcohol supply one day, just for a chance at excitement, and ended up kissing under the shade of a palm tree. Luke had caught them only seconds after their lips touched, and they had both been young, so it hadn't escalated very far. Just one kiss- meaningless, really. But Kylo remembers that his mouth had tasted of the ocean and Corellian Rum, salty and sweet all at once. Kylo murdered him three months later. He still can't recall his name. Those kisses belong to Ben, they aren't his. But Hux's kiss is. Hux tastes neither of sea-salt nor alcohol, but of cigarette smoke and pink lemonade; slightly sweet, but nearing something that Kylo would characterise more as bitter . Hux tastes bitter. Kylo likes it. He squeaks in a way that he wishes was intimidating when Hux bites down on his lip, and comes to the realisation that this is nothing like he imagined it would be. In all his extravagant fantasies of sweeping Hux off his feet with toe-curling kisses, he never dreamed that it would be him who trembled at Hux's very touch, inadvertently using the Force to send pieces of medical equipment flying from their shelves. He's aching for more already, clumsily dragging Hux closer as he attempts to pull away from the kiss. “I want you,” Hux murmurs into the almost non-existent space between them. “No strenuous activity,” Kylo argues in between gasps, parroting him from earlier. “Then how about you just lay back and let me do all the work?” He suggests, pushing Kylo down against the mattress. It's a fair deal. “I told the Supreme Leader about your little incident,” Hux notifies him as he slides into Kylo's bed later that night. “Oh?” Kylo prompts, feeling a lot more at ease back in his own quarters. “I convinced him to postpone your training even more,” Hux admits gleefully. “Although he did ask me to tell you to stop acting like a fool and actually try to heal.” “How in the blazes did you manage to persuade him to give me more time?” “I'll have you know, Ren, I can be quite the wordsmith when I want to be. It was easy, really.” “No need to boast ,” Kylo berates. “No need to be a complete hypocrite ,” Hux says, snorting in disbelief. “The nerve . Telling me not to boast. Apologies, Lord Ren, masterful leader of the Knights of Ren and skilled force user.” “I never actually used any of those adjectives-” “You're ridiculous, and the words you actually used were close enough. Besides, I thought I ought to tell you that we have time to make a stop at that planet now, the one with the metal. You can build a new mask if that's what you want.” “No,” Kylo replies, quicker than intended. He was attached to the mask he had, and a new one just won't be the same. And there are about twenty less reasons why he needs one, now. “I don't think it's really that important after all.”