Running Away (G) “I’ve been thinking about it for a while, Finn.” “So why haven’t you mentioned it before?” “We were busy, the resistance was busy? It wasn’t a good time… I wanted to ask you both at the same time. I couldn’t wait.” There was silence in the room for a second, and Rey could have sworn she felt Finn smile. “Of course it’s a yes, as long as Rey’s happy. Where is she?” “Off training with Luke, she should be back soon.” Rey bit her lip and swallowed back her nerves. Silently, she turned on her heels and walked away. A few moments later, when she was sure she was far enough from them that they couldn’t hear her footsteps, she ran. She ran as far as she could, out of the base, over a hill and into the thick woods. Since discovering trees after leaving Jakku, she found solace in them. They felt as though the protected her, hiding her from sight, but they also gave her something to do. She had never had the chance to explore anything but sand and desert as a child, and she hardly got to explore, she had to survive. Now, though, to distract her mind, she could wander for as long as she wanted in the woods. She could feel the slightly damp earth beneath her feet, smell the fresh, airy scent the trees seemed to give off, and listen to the hum of life that emanated from the animals within. It was a whole new world, something she could have gone her whole life without ever knowing. And now, when she was alone and afraid, she could seek comfort from it. She only walked a little way once she had stopped running, though she couldn’t see the edge of the woods in any direction. She liked it that way. When she had found somewhere that she felt was appealing, she sat. For a long while, she sat in silence, thinking about nothing but the world around her. She grabbed a handful of the earth and ran it through her fingers, thinking about how different it felt than sand. It was so much softer, and so much thicker. She liked it far much more. She liked the humidity in the air and the fog that was starting to creep in around her. The more time passed, the less she thought and the more she simply allowed herself to be taken by the calm of the night around her and let the sounds of the woods lull her to sleep. When the General found her, Rey was sleeping peacefully with her head resting against a mossy, damp log, her legs brought up to her chest, and her hands holding onto a leaf. Leia almost didn’t want to wake her, but after Poe and Finn had come to her, desperate with worry, she couldn’t do anything else. A gentle hand was placed on her shoulder and she knelt beside the younger girl. Before she had the chance to lower herself to the ground completely, Rey had sprung up. A side effect of living on Jakku as a scavenger all these years, even the smallest and gentlest of touches could wake her. Her eyes were wide and she was alert, ready to confront whatever was attacking her, but as she realised that she wasn’t in the hot desert of Jakku she calmed. When she realised she was in a dark, dense wood, she sat back down. When she saw that the General was sitting in front of her, she stammered some kind of apology. Leia simply smile softly, holding out her hand and looking to Rey to take it. “Poe and Finn love you very much.” She said. “They’re worried about you, said you never returned after your training. Luke told them you’d gone straight home.” Rey looked at the ground in shame, keeping her hands close to her stomach rather than taking Leia’s. “You didn’t take long to find, Luke could sense your distress. He told me that it may be for the best if I spoke to you. So please, let me. What’s wrong?” Leia’s voice was so soft and understanding that Rey couldn’t help but look at her. Her eyes were filled with care, something she had never seen in such a great amount in one person. But this was Leia Organa, the woman who had seen so much, who had loved those she had with all her heart only to lose them but to stay strong and keep fighting for those who relied on her. She was even more wonderful in person, and Rey couldn’t deny that. So when asked what was wrong, she could do nothing but reply with complete and utter honesty. “I went home, but I never said anything. I overheard Poe talking to Finn before they realised I was back. I was so afraid, I ran. I can’t do what they want, I can’t General.” “What do they want from you?” Leia asked, leaning in and taking Rey’s hands rather than offering again. The simple contact made it feel like a lead weight was lifted from her shoulders and she relaxed, sighing heavily as she did so before she began to speak again. “Poe wants to have children.” She said quietly. “And Finn sounded over the moon about it. But I can’t. And I can’t tell them that, they seemed so happy. I figured that it might be best if…” “If you just left?” Leia asked, Rey only nodding in response. “That would never be for the best, Rey. My brother is determined to finish your training, and you will become a wonderful Jedi. I suppose it is the way of the Jedi to run away and hide when the people they love need them the most, but most tend to wait until they’ve finished their training.” Leia said, attempting to make Rey laugh. She saw the hint of a smile on the younger girl’s face, and counted it as a victory. “I don’t want to disappoint them by telling them I don’t want that. I thought maybe if I left they’d forget about me and find a way to do it between the two of them. I shouldn’t stop them from being happy.” “You make them happy.” Leia replied quickly, but her tone was still gentle. “They wouldn’t be disappointed Rey, they care for you so deeply. I dread to think what would become of them if you did leave. I don’t believe Poe would fly for weeks, unless he was trying to find you. Finn would be heartbroken, you know what he’s like.” Again, Rey had to look away in shame. She felt as if she had been selfish and childish running away instead of just talking to them, but in the heat of the moment it was all she could do. “I’m afraid if I spoke to them that I might agree.” She eventually said. “But I can’t be a mother, I spent my childhood as a scavenger on a desert planet without a parent in sight. I don’t know how people are supposed to look after children. I’d fail them, isn’t it just easier to run away and hurt two people now than to risk failing a child and those I love the most?” Rey asked. When she felt Leia’s hands leave hers, she looked up at the General and saw the pained expression on her face. Rey knew exactly what she was thinking, and spoke before Leia could. “You didn’t fail them.” She said as firmly as she could. “I’m sorry, I didn’t think…” Leia nodded understandingly. “It’s part of parenthood. Every single day when I raised Ben, I failed him in one way or another. Sometimes he’d want Han, and I wouldn’t be able to give that to him because Han was away. Other times I’d be in an important meeting for weeks on end the other side of the galaxy, and there’d be nothing I could do to care for him but leave him with Han. Of course, that’s entirely different to what the three of you would experience, but you’d figure it out, whatever you did wrong. You only get things wrong once.” Rey sat there still, huddled in on herself as she thought. The pain and suffering and fear she had experienced as a child terrified her, the thought of passing that on to another child only scared her more. Leia saw her thinking, and decided to give her a little space. As she stood up, she spoke to her one last time. “If you decide to have a child, I’d be more than happy to babysit.” With a light smile and a thank you, Leia left Rey alone to think. The day had broken by the time that she had wandered out of the woods, and Rey couldn’t deny that she was exhausted. She was covered in dirt (not that she minded, it was a new sensation that she never quite tired of), hungry, and her eyes were dark. At some point during the night, she might have cried, but any evidence of tears was long gone. All she knew now was that she was going to have to confront a very worried Poe and Finn, and that Master Luke would not be best pleased with her. Taking a deep breath, Rey continued the walk back to the base and silently snuck into the canteen, picking at what little she could eat before returning to her quarters. What she found surprised her, though she wasn’t entirely sure what she was expecting. Poe and Finn were sleeping besides each other next to the door, worry chiselled into their unconscious features. Rey closed the door behind her, the click stirring Finn ever so slightly, but not enough to wake him. While they were still asleep, she decided to sit herself in between them and close her eyes. The movement successfully woke up Poe, and it took him a few moments before he realised that Rey was beside him, that she was safe and sound. Still tired, and aware that he had only gotten to sleep a few short hours ago, his arms simply snuck around Rey and pulled her close. As his eyes closed again, he whispered gently in her ear. “Never leave again.” “Promise.” Chapter 2 : Shara the Pilot (G) Rey had returned to Jakku to pick up a few things she had left, the very few things that she owned. They had been with her since she had been left on that planet, and she wasn’t ready to part with them just yet. She had found her AT-AT shell with ease, resting her hand on the top as she walked through the opening. It took her less than a second to stop in her tracks. She was frozen, however strange that seemed on a planet as hot as Jakku. Sat on her old makeshift bed was a little girl. A little girl who was holding onto the little doll very very tightly. Rey took a step back, watching her closely for any sign of life. She waited for several long seconds, biting down on her bottom lip softly until she saw her shoulders shake and heard a quiet sob. “-Hey.” Rey called out. The girl scrambled to turn around quickly and look at her, sniffling and wiping at her eyes fiercely. She looked so young, she couldn’t have been older than Rey had been when she was left on Jakku (a memory that had been long forgotten until Kylo had searched her mind). The girl backed away from Rey, crumpling the sheets as she went, and she held the doll even tighter until her knuckles turned white. Rey knelt down to try and look just a little less intimidating, giving the girl a small smile. “I’m Rey.” She said softly. “Where’re your mum and dad? Do they live in the town?” She asked. The little girl shook her head quickly, pulling the doll closer to her chest. “Have you lost them? Where did you see them last?” The girl’s only response was to let out another sob, and Rey knew what that meant. She had been there herself and for several days after being left behind she had felt nothing but confusion. Why had she been left? Were her parents ever coming back? Where was she supposed to go? She looked at the girl with pity in her eyes, reaching to her side and into her bag, taking one of the rations given to her for her journey. “Here.” Rey said, outstretching her arm to the little girl. “You must be hungry. Take this. It’s good.” She assured her. The girl watched her for a few moments, before quickly darting forward and taking the ration before running back. She’s been here long enough , Rey thought. The girl had learnt the fundamental part of living on Jakku – be fast , be quicker than everyone else. It made her heart ache and her stomach sink that someone else, another child, had been left here the way she had. Rey watched as the girl hungrily wolfed down the ration and she wondered just how long it had been since she had eaten. Part of her wanted to snatch the doll away and leave, her own scavenging instincts kicking in, but since joining the Resistance Rey had learnt a new way of life. Kindness. She didn’t have to fight people to get what she wanted, and she had enough to share. Now, instead of being selfish, she could help others too. This girl was no different. “If you come with me, there’s more.” She said. “You’ll never have to go hungry again. Trust me, you don’t want that.” Rey said. The girl looked unsure, so Rey moved to settle next to her on the bed. The girl was nervous, but she still stayed where she was, so Rey began to talk. “I used to live here.” She told the girl. “That doll was mine, and those marks on the wall over there, one for every day I was stuck here. I was your age, and I only just got away now. Let me tell you, it doesn’t get easier, it doesn’t get better. Whoever you want to come back, they’re not coming. Jakku is a planet where the inhabitants have all been left there, just like the ships we scavenge from. You don’t have to be left here. If you come with me I can promise you you’ll have a home, food, everything you need to live.” Rey said, looking around to meet the girl’s eyes. “I almost died on this planet, you don’t deserve that fate too. Please come with me.” The little girl looked up to Rey, having long finished the ration she had been given. Her stomach growled for more. Rey reached to her side to hand over more food, but before she could the little girl had wrapped two arms tightly around Rey and buried her head in her clothing. Rey returned the gesture, bringing her own arms around the girl and standing with her. She weighed so little that Rey didn’t expect her to have been eating even before she’d been dumped on Jakku. “What’s your name?” Rey asked quietly as she began to walk outside, the little girl still clinging to her for dear life. “Shara.” The girl whispered. “After a pilot. I wanted to be a pilot.” She revealed quietly, Rey smiling to herself. The girl was so trusting that Rey couldn’t help but be glad that she had been the one to find her. At least she could take her to safety. “I know someone who’s going to love to meet you then. He can tell you all about Shara the pilot, I promise you.” Chapter 3 : A Home in Your Arms A sight that the Resistance Base never tired of was the General laughing and smiling with her brother again. They had fought so hard to find him and the happiness on her face was enough repayment for most of them. He trained Rey, and he helped the General look after herself. While he still preferred to take a back foot on most official military missions, he still ensured that his sister was cared for. The two of them were often seen deep in discussion together, and people had learnt not to approach them when they were. Still, the two had somehow decided between themselves that this was not a conversation to have in public. It was far too personal. # # # Luke poured out a drink for the two of them, crossing Leia’s private quarters to sit beside her. She took her small glass from him and held it tightly in her hands. Her fingers rubbed against it gently, tracing the pattern on the side. Luke looked on, waiting for her to speak first as he brought his own drink to his lips. “They have to be told.” She said quietly. “It’s their right to know, imagine how much happier she’d be to know that she had someone .” Luke nodded, a slight chuckle leaving his lips. “They might be able to avoid our mistake.” His words earnt the man a gentle slap on his forearm, but the smile never left his face. The discovery that had been made by the team at the medbay only a few days previous had been kept a close secret, but Luke couldn’t keep it from warming his heart. He had known from the beginning of Rey’s training how she had been alone all this time, that she had no family and no one to return to, and had only been on Jakku with a desperate hope that those who had abandoned her as a child. Knowing what he did now filled him with a strange joy every time he saw her. Sure she may not know yet, but he did. He knew that the pain and loneliness she had known was coming to an end soon. While she had made friends, he had still been able to sense the emptiness where she had longed for a family and he understood it. No matter how many friends or allies you had, family could never be replaced. He just hoped that maybe this would help. “When should we tell them? Should they be together?” He asked his sister as she took a drink from her own glass. “I think it would be for the best. Perhaps a few days off duties, let the two of them come to understand it together and adjust to the news. There’s nothing major planned for him, I think I can spare him. If you’re willing to do the same for your student.” “Of course.” He said, without a moment’s hesitation. “She’s excelling far beyond what I had believed, and I can feel it. She yearns for a family, let her have it.” A moment of silence followed as the two thought about what they had decided, finishing off their drinks quietly. “Pour a few more.” Leia told her brother. “We’re going to have company.” # # # Rey had spent her fair share of time within the General’s office, but she had never been invited into her personal quarters. Her room was still simple, though it was larger than her own, and it was filled with little treasures that made it her own. Rey had always loved going into other people’s rooms, looking at the memories around that had shaped them into the people they were now. It fascinated her to see their stories on the walls within which they lived. Poe had been in the General’s quarters once, when he was younger and his mother had passed away. His father had gone to visit her, and he had gone with him. He had already decided to commit his life to the Resistance, and meeting the General had solidified this as where he would let his life lead him. He wouldn’t regret it for a minute, despite the terrible things he had seen and done. While he had been inside the General’s living space before, he had never been invited in. Being invited in alongside Rey was strange, and having Master Skywalker offer them both a drink (one that he could tell from the aroma was incredibly strong) was even stranger. He prepared himself for the worst as he watched Rey sample the drink and pull a strange face (something that, any other time, would have resulted in a laugh from the pilot). “Poe, Rey, I hope you don’t mind me using first names for this. I believe this is a situation that requires first names.” The General told them. “If you have any questions, please, call us Leia and Luke. No need for titles. This is a more personal issue regarding the two of you.” Rey bit on her lip gently, and Poe looked confused. “The med droids take blood samples whenever they treat a patient, and you two seem to be in there more often than not so they have a fair few samples from the two of you.” Luke explained. “Curiously enough, the samples were quite similar.” “Some tests were ran.” Leia continued. “A lot of tests, actually. Not a single one came back any different to the others. Everything we looked at came back the same.” “What we mean to say is, the two of you are related. Closely.” Luke said. “Half-siblings.” Leia finished. The four sat in silence. Luke and Leia watched as they took in the news. Poe stared at Rey with a look that Leia had never seen in him. Rey fumbled with the drink in her hand before downing it all in one. She could sense what Poe was thinking, and never had she wished she didn’t possess the force more. She placed her glass down and stood up, nodding a silent thanks to the General and to Luke before she swiftly left. Poe sat there for several minutes longer, before he followed her without a word to either of them. # # # Rey sat on the edge of the landing strip, staring out of the base and into the distance. She had sensed Poe’s thoughts when the General had told them they were half-siblings, and they weren’t thoughts she ever expected him to have. She knew the story, of how Poe’s mother had died when he was young. Far before she would have been born. Poe’s father had never remarried, he had remained alone. Logically, Poe’s father must also be hers, but she didn’t understand it. If he had never remarried, how would she have come about? She knew, of course she did, but she wanted to accept it just as little as Poe did. Poe always grew up with the stories of his father being so in love that he would chose solitude over ever trying to find happiness in someone else’s arms. Poe didn’t want to have to imagine his father doing something like that, and Rey felt responsible. It wasn’t her fault, she understood that, but she was part of the reason that Poe’s idealistic image of his father was broken. What she had wanted was for Poe to put all that aside, she had wanted to celebrate. She had a family, someone that would care about her and would hold her close to their heart. She wanted nothing more than to be held in his arms and to understand what it felt like to have a brother. If her thoughts hadn’t been so focused, she might have felt him coming. When she did, she realised he was standing still a few paces back from her. The fact that he couldn’t approach her had her stomach churning with worry. Perhaps he didn’t want her to be his sister. If that was the case, however much it pained her, she’d let him have his way. She wanted their friendship to go on, and if she sacrificed family for that then so be it. She stood up slowly, her arms wrapped around her small frame as she turned to face Poe. Her head hung low, and her eyes were heavy. “Poe, I’m sorry.” She began softly. “I know what you were thinking, it wasn’t my fault. I didn’t want to get into your head but…” She let her shoulders fall. “If you want to pretend it’s not true, that I’m not your sister, we can.” A breeze filled the silent moment between them, and Poe could have sworn he heard his heart break. Rey had looked for belonging for so long, and she was willing to give it all up because he had a stupid thought? “Rey…” He whispered softly, taking a few short steps to close the gap and put his hands on her shoulders. “Rey, look at me… God, I’m sorry. Don’t beat yourself up, it’s just shock. I promise.” He explained as she dared to raise her head and make eye contact with him. The silence continued for a few moments, before Poe spoke again. “Always wanted a sister.” He chuckled lightly, enticing a smile from her. Seeing her smile, Poe took it as a sign to wrap his arms around her as tightly as he could. She returned the favour, the two of them standing in the embrace. Poe felt so much closer to home with Rey in his arms - and Rey had finally found one. Chapter 4 : Flowers (G) Since Rey had arrived on Takodana she had been fascinated with everything that was green. The colour itself had quickly become one of her favourites because it was so different to everything she’d ever seen before. The constant orange sands and the blue sky, the yellow sun, nothing had ever changed on Jakku. On D’Qar there were more colours than she even knew existed. She had spent a day with Poe where he taught her what they were all called. Pink, red, lilac, brown (she really liked brown). It was all so beautiful in her eyes. Whenever she had the chance Rey found herself walking out of the base and exploring the surrounding areas. She loved the way the trees changed colours (though the first time she noticed the trees were orange rather than green Rey had run to the General in panic, thinking it was something horribly wrong. Leia explained it all to her and she decided she liked it a lot more then), the crunch the leaves made when she stepped on them. She liked picking up branches as well, little twigs on the ground made for excellent souvenirs from her walks. If she found a particularly nice twig, she’d give it to Finn or to Poe, who both now had a small pile of twigs in their quarters. On more than one occasion someone had to fetch her for dinner, and found her standing ankle deep in a cold stream watching little fishes dart between her toes with nothing but pure delight on her face. She went back to that particular spot several times over the next few days and gave each fish a name (she also refused to eat fish from the canteen for a month). # # # Rey found herself out in the woods in early autumn. The leaves on the trees were just starting to turn a golden yellow, but there was still plenty of green. The sun’s ray’s that managed to fight through the canopy were warm against her skin and she could hear insects flying around her. She loved the lullaby they sung to her in summer evenings and often fell asleep outside. But in the early afternoon she wasn’t tired enough to sleep, and the wind was just sharp enough to keep her awake. Her feet were covered in mud but she didn’t care, she did it deliberately. If it had rained, she’d take her boots off and let her feet feel the cool mud between her toes rather than the sand her coarse skin was used to. Out in the woods, Rey felt completely and utterly free to do as she liked. She had taken to carrying a little book with her whenever she walked, a suggestion made by Poe (who, admittedly, had a few more twigs in his quarters than he might have liked). He had shown her how to press flowers, and promised to help her figure out what each flower was if she showed them to him. Finding a patch of flowers she particularly liked, Rey knelt down and placed her book beside her, starting to pick them as carefully as she could. They were beautiful and she adored them, and they were all different shapes and sizes. There was a little blue one, and a tall red one, and some green stuff that she knew wasn’t grass. Rey picked up a few twigs to add to her own personal collection, and something that Poe had called a pinecone. For a second she was ready to head home, but she heard something above her and looked up. Without a second thought, everything in her arms was dropped and Rey was finding branches that could support her as she began to climb a tree. The tree felt rough (bark, that’s what it was called) and inside of leaves it had little sharp green things that kept poking at her as she climbed. She found herself reaching the top and looked to the tree next to her. There was a pile of twigs all neatly arranged, and inside it sat several birds. Poe had told her that birds were mostly in nests during spring, so she didn’t know why they were still here. Weren’t they meant to go somewhere warm? She clambered across from one tree to the other, shaking the branch enough to scare all the birds away. She let out a humph before carefully sliding herself back towards the stump of the tree and climbing down. Normally she’d stay to admire the view, but she didn’t want to lose her book or her flowers. Jumping the last few feet, Rey was met by a series of beeps from a small orange and white droid, and Rey smiled. “I got some more sticks.” She said proudly. “And I found some more flowers, and there were some birds in the tree but they’ve gone now.” Letting BB-8 reply, she furrowed her brows and quickly gathered her things. “Poe has a surprise? What’s he doing? Is it dangerous?” She asked, but BB-8 was always heading back towards the base and she had no choice but to follow him. BB-8 lead her back to her quarters, and as she entered she found Poe inside with a bright grin on his face. “What’ve you done, Dameron?” She asked playfully, putting her collection of flora and sticks down on her desk before turning to look to him. Poe waited a moment, rocking backwards and forwards on his heels, before he brought his hands in front of him and present her a ceramic pot, filled with mud, and a smile on his face. “Water it once a day.” He told her as she took it from him, looking at it curiously. “In a couple of weeks you’ll see what I mean.” “Why does it need water? It’s mud.” She said, before quickly adding – “very nice mud though, thank you Poe.” He laughed, shaking his head. “It’s a surprise, water it once a day and in a few weeks you’ll see something happening. # # # Rey did as Poe told her, and a few weeks later she understood what she meant. There was a little flower growing in there. She looked out the window and saw the rest of the plant life dying off for the winter, knowing it would come back in spring, but until then she had her own little flower in her room. She smiled as she looked at it, listening to the rain hitting her window and watching everything intently. Everything was so different to Jakku. She really could get used to it. Chapter 5 : Hungry (G) Notes: Slight mentions of things that *may* be classed as eating disorders, but it's really just Rey being confused. Every time Rey entered the canteen on the Resistance base there was an overwhelming amount of food, all different shapes and sizes and colours and textures. She could have stood there all day just to look at it, but the hunger gnawing at her stomach managed to take over and she took what she could back to her quarters, sitting cross legged on her bed and eating it speedily. While she realised there was more food than she had ever seen in her life, she also knew there were more people on the base than she’d ever seen. And these were good people, fighting to protect others, they needed the food more than she did. So she rationed herself. Rey didn’t allow herself to go to the canteen more than once a day, for fear of eating too much that someone else would get nothing. Some days she didn’t go at all, instead just eating a snack she had found lying around, or an extra piece of fruit. She had always thought that if there was a lot of food she’d hoard it, but now the opportunity was there she felt too guilty taking it away from everyone else. Besides, she was getting by just fine. As she sat in the hanger with Finn, the two of them watching Poe tinkering with Black One, Finn brought up what it had been like for him with the First Order. “Regimented meals, strict diets, I honestly think it was flavoured protein, synthesised to look like food. Nothing like here, there’s actual food here. I mean, you can smell it!” He laughed, Poe only casting a concerned look over his shoulder. “At least they fed you.” Rey chipped in as cheerfully as she could, with Poe’s concern only deepening. How anyone could laugh at something like this confused the hell out of him. “On Jakku if you didn’t bring in enough spare parts you went hungry. I remember not eating for a week once, I got sick and couldn’t scavenge. Here there’s more food than I could ever have imagined.” Poe jumped down from his ship, his jumpsuit tied around his waist and the white shirt he wore underneath covered in oil stains. “It’s all in the past now, yeah? You guys get plenty to eat here.” He said, trying to lighten the mood. He hated hearing about what the two of them had gone through, the thought of Rey starving on the desert planet hurt him, but there was nothing he could do now. “I get enough.” Rey shrugged. “I don’t want to eat too much in case someone else goes hungry.” “What do you mean?” Poe asked quickly. “It’s not like we run out, the kitchen cooks more.” Rey stared at him, blinking in confusion. After a few moments, she spoke. “More?” Finn look at Poe, and he could see his heart breaking in his eyes. Even Finn felt a little saddened. He may have grown up in the First Order, but at least he understood that he’d be fed. Rey was entirely different. She saw food as a luxury, something you had sparingly rather than something you needed to survive. “How often do you eat Rey?” Poe said, looking at her closely. “Once a day usually. Why, isn’t that normal?” Finn watched as the fragments of Poe’s broken heart were smashed into tiny pieces and trodden into the ground, and he pulled Rey into a tight hug. All of a sudden the reason she felt so small in his arms made sense. Despite the intensity with which Poe was hugging, Rey didn’t understand. She hugged back, she always did, but she was very confused. “I don’t get it, is it not normal? I never used to eat this much, I was on quarter portions for about a month before I ended up here.” Poe’s hug tightened around her – he couldn’t understand why she wasn’t upset about any of this. He heard her stomach growl and sighed, pulling out of the hug but keeping his hands on her shoulders. “Rey, you don’t have to do that here.” He said. “You get three meals a day, everyone does. You eat until you’re full, you don’t have to starve or go to bed hungry, you don’t have to worry about there not being enough.” He hated it every time he had to explain something basic to Rey. He hated it when he had to tell her that water wasn’t rationed, that she could go and get it whenever she needed it. The first time she was ill he had to drag her to the sickbay to find that she needed almost every vaccination there was. Everything that seemed so basic, that he took for granted, Rey had never experienced. She had to fight for her survival. It broke his heart that his best friend had to go through that. And honestly, he’d seen it all before hundreds of times over. He’d seen new recruits go through a culture shock, he’d seen people come in malnourished and wondering why they were being offered food, but this was Rey . She was like his sister and he hated seeing her like this. “When was the last time you ate?” He asked. She shrugged. “Couple of days ago. But I had this sweet thing with it, someone said it was cake and that cake was really special, so I figured I’d be okay.” “Kriff Rey, days?” Poe exclaimed, shaking his head. “I don’t know how you manage, come on, let’s go get you something. It’s about lunch anyway.” “You should come with us Rey.” Finn chimed in, giving her a smile. “Poe and I go down a couple of times a day, he shows me all the best stuff to eat and it’s incredible. Sometimes the other pilots sit with us too, you’d love it.” “I…” “Rey, you have to eat something.” Poe said sternly. “That’s not even just because I want you to, it’s ‘cause if you don’t you’ll get sick. If you don’t listen to me then I’ll have to find someone else to convince you.” There was a moment, followed by Rey’s stomach growling again. Eventually, she nodded and Finn took her hand with a smile. “Come on Rey, I want to show you what strawberries are.” Chapter 6 : Family (G) Notes: Warnings of miscarriage (but there's fluff at the end, I promise!) Poe Dameron was by far the most loved man on the base. Everyone adored the pilot, they all wanted to be his friend, they showered him with compliments whenever they could; Poe would never complain about his life. It was wonderful. But he had always felt like something was missing, yet could never quite put his finger on it. So he shrugged it off and returned to the people who wanted to see him. It was when they came back from a mission that Poe finally figured out what it was. While he was welcomed back by a crowd as always, with Finn and Rey pushing to the front, one of his squadron members was quietly in the corner with their family. He may have had celebrations but they were having an intimate moment, a celebration that couldn’t compare to anything he’d ever had. They were celebrating a father returning to his children, a husband to his wife, a brother to his sister. And while Poe celebrated with those he was around his mind didn’t leave that thought. The people around him were glad that the figurehead of the Resistance had returned, but they sure as hell weren’t as happy as the family over there. When things quietened down he had changed and walked himself down to the sickbay. Upon seeing the pilot, people seemed to be panicked that something had happened and he needed medical attention but he laughed it off. “It’s a big ask, d’you think I could go to the maternity ward.” He said, one hand behind his neck as he pulled a face. How was this meant to come out without seeming creepy? “I need to see the newborn’s, I need to talk to someone about it and…” The nurses looked at him curiously. They knew Poe (everyone did) and they all knew that Poe was a good guy, he wasn’t someone you’d be wary about letting around children. “We can’t, policy I’m afraid.” One of the nurses said. “We like the leave the parents and their children to have some time on their own. If you had your own, you’d be more than welcome.” Poe gave them an understanding nod and left, waving a hand of goodbye as he walked away. As he walked back to his shared quarters he wondered about asking Finn and Rey if they wanted to have children. But it felt as if it would be unfair on them. They had changed so much about their own lives already in order to adjust to being part of the Resistance, it would be asking too much for them to change one more thing. And to be fair, it was a pretty big thing. He returned to an empty room and sat himself down on their shared bed, imagining behind closed eyes what a family could be like. He imagined coming back from a mission and instead of the usual fanfare, being received by Finn and Rey and their child, with the child reaching for him and asking him to never leave again. And while he couldn’t promise that, he’d tell them stories of what happened on his adventures until they fell asleep, and promised to always come back alive. No matter how much Poe thought about the issue, he knew that the Resistance would always matter more than his own feelings. When Finn and Rey returned, Rey made for the refresher and quickly closed the door. Poe looked at Finn with a slight confusion. “She’s been ill while you were away.” He explained. “I think this is just the tail end of it, she’s more or less herself all the time. I just met her from the sickbay and the nurses had given her something. So she’ll be okay. She’s in good hands.” Poe nodded, though he couldn’t think of anything but Rey now. As Finn sat on the opposite side of the room all thoughts of a family were abandoned, he just wanted Rey to be okay. Perhaps it was just a bug, there were enough going around and being from off-planet her immune system wouldn’t be as developed yet. Actually, Poe was impressed that she hadn’t caught everything going around yet. She was a fighter, in every aspect of her life, and he loved seeing it in her. It didn’t stop him worrying when she’d been in the other room for almost 15 minutes. He considered knocking but gave her some privacy. After another 5 he decided that he was worried enough to check on her. Knocking lightly on the door, Poe could have sworn he’d heard a sob, he pushed it open. Whether Rey was happy or sad, he didn’t know, but she was crying and in an instant he was on his knees beside her with his arms wrapped around her tightly. He whispered into her ear quietly, reassuring her and calming her down until she was composed enough to speak. During that time, Finn had moved into the doorframe and was watching Rey closely. Rey moved away a little, tears still rolling down her cheeks. She picked up something she’d dropped on the floor. Turning it over in her fingers she took a few deep breaths before speaking to the two men in front of her. “I’m sorry.” She whispered. “I thought… I thought this time things would work out but they didn’t.” Finn and Poe exchanged worried glances before looking back at Rey. They prompted her to continue and she shook her head. “You didn’t know.” She told them. “So you don’t have to, it’ll only hurt.” “Rey you can’t keep this to yourself.” Poe told her, pulling her back into another hug but she pushed him away. Her strength always surprised him, and this was no exception. He stood up and moved back, his heart breaking as he watched. “Leave me alone.” Rey said. “Both of you. I just, I want to be alone.” The two left the refresher and Rey closed the door behind them, locking it shut as she sat back down. They sat beside each other on the bed and watched the door in the hope that Rey would come out. They heard her cries, each one more painful than the last, and eventually Finn stood up. Poe felt as if he had to stay with her having been away all week, so he looked up to the other man with a raised eyebrow. “I’m going to talk to the doctor’s, see what they had to say.” He told Poe. “And if they don’t tell me I’ll talk to the General, or to Master Skywalker, one of them must know.” Poe nodded, agreeing with his idea and deciding to stay with Rey in case she needed anyone. Finn left and all of a sudden Poe felt alone all over again. This time it was combined with the fact that he felt utterly useless as well. Rey came out of the room and Poe got his hopes up to talk to her, but she simply slipped into the spare bed (they had two just in case she needed time to sleep alone, since she never really had any kind of physical contact before and sometimes it overwhelmed her). She pulled the blankets up around her and rolled to face the wall, still crying gently into her pillow. It made Poe sick to his stomach to realise there was nothing he could do. When Finn returned Rey was fast asleep and Poe was getting ready for bed himself. It was clear that Finn had cried, and Poe knew that he had found out what was wrong with Rey. He didn’t push Finn, and let the other man come to him instead. With a heavy heart he spoke. “Rey miscarried.” He whispered. “I spoke to the General, she apparently found out while you were away and was waiting for you to come back to tell us both together.” Poe’s heart sank in his chest and he left the room. He was aware of Finn’s eyes following him but he didn’t care. Everything he had wanted so desperately, and it had been there. He hadn’t even known but it had still been taken away from him. He didn’t know if he was upset or angry, but whatever he felt couldn’t compare to whatever the hell Rey was going through. They’d make it through, together. He’d be damned if he let her suffer alone. But for now he needed a moment to himself, to scream and shout and curse the world for taking this from him. Next time her returned from a mission, Poe ignored the fanfares and returned straight to his room where Rey and Finn sat waiting for him, giddy and excited. “Poe,” Rey smiled. “I’m pregnant.” Chapter 7 : Fighting for Tomorrow (T) Notes: Warnings for suicide and self harm, unlike the last one shot this does not end well. Rey never had ambitions in life. Her goal was to survive until the next day and hope her parents would come back for her. She never desired to do anything but live and there was never anything else for her to do anyway. All there was on Jakku was sand as far as the eye could see, and every bit of scrap she saw was a portion. At least, part of one. Enough to get by. That was all she ever wanted, all she ever needed. When she was a child she was sure she had dreams; that she wanted to do something with her life. But when she was a child she still believed her parents were actually coming back for her. It was only when she grew up that she began to give up on them. She wasn’t really sure why she kept on going at that point. Perhaps it was too hard to admit to herself that if her parents ever came back, that she’d have no idea of what she was meant to do. She was 19 years old and still felt like a child on the inside. Rey still sat up late at night staring into the sky in case her parents came looking for her (they never did). She would cry herself to sleep when she was alone and afraid (and that was a lot). When she sought out meaning and purpose, she found nothing. Everyone else on the base had been trained, could speak multiple languages, fly (properly, not just on the receiving end of a good case of Beginner’s Luck), repair ships, and do things so much better than her. She was nothing special, but everyone believed she was. It was the stupid Jedi thing that made her special. Apparently. Until a few days ago, Rey had only heard of Jedi in legends and now she was supposed to become one. Everyone seemed so excited about it that she was never given a choice in the matter – even if she was she’d have agreed. Now Rey had left Jakku her life felt so empty. Sure it had been empty before, but at least her days held purpose. After she had trained with Master Skywalker, Rey had nothing more to do. She didn’t have to find scrap and clean it to eat – she just showed up at the canteen and asked for a meal. It was such a culture shock that she often found herself sitting and staring aimlessly and sadly into the distance. Her chest ached for some kind of meaning, and she wanted to know what she was like as a person when she didn’t have to survive, but everyone else at the base already had it all figured out. They knew their likes, their dislikes, they had friends and relationships and families. They went on days out, they had past times and hobbies and parties. Rey had none of that. She had nothing. What was worse was that she had no idea where to start, or what to try. She was afraid, even. Her social skills were more than a little rusty, after having never spoken to people for the majority of her life and suddenly being surrounded by hundreds of them. Part of her wanted to go back to Jakku, to go back to her old life in case her parents ever came back for her (they never would), or just to return to what she knew as normality. Life now wasn’t enjoyable. Even with Finn (and the pilot, Poe Dameron, who seemed to care about her just as deeply as anyone else). As she sat beside the two men at dinner, watching them talk and laugh with each other, she couldn’t help but feel her stomach sink. She pushed her food around her plate a little and decided against eating that night. Perhaps an empty stomach would make it feel more like home. Rey remained silent as they conversed, watching them talk about little things. Things that she had never thought about. They were talking about how the blossom was out on one of the trees. Rey knew what trees were, she’d learnt that early on after leaving Jakku. But she didn’t know what blossom was, she wouldn’t recognise it even if they showed her. It made her feel like even more of an outcast, not knowing about something so basic. She never mentioned it, to anyone. Anything she didn’t know was pushed back into her mind and she found herself swallowed in her shame. After a few more minutes of listening to their conversation, she quietly excused herself and left for some night air. Even the air was different here. It was crisp and sharp, and cold. Sometimes it felt wet and sometimes it was dry. She may have hated the sand, the heat, the heaviness of the air, but at least that was home to her. This was a confusing mixture and it always seemed to be changing. She sat in the dirt, not the sand, the coarse horrible sand that got everywhere but felt like home compared to the cool wet mud that stained her clothes brown and wouldn’t just brush off. This wasn’t a place she liked being. She wanted to go home. As she wrapped her dress a little more tightly around herself she watched her vision blur as tears filled her eyes. Staring out at the stars, Rey felt even more lost and alone than usual. She could see nothing but darkness and then a cluster of worlds and people, stories that were being told that very second. She felt so insignificant and she knew that she was – she was nothing to any of those people. As her arms tightened around her waist she felt a tear fall down her cheek, followed by another and another. Every here had such high hopes for their futures, thinking that they were going to save the galaxy and bring about peace. Rey had never had a chance to adopt that attitude. It was kill or be killed, scavenge or starve. There was no time for hopes and dreams. Without them she felt like she was missing a part of herself, like she wasn’t even human. Rey felt so empty inside that she almost considered something she hadn’t thought about since she had given up on her parent’s return. The next day when she walked around the base she wasn’t herself. Everyone noticed. Rey didn’t, because she didn’t know what “herself” was, but apparently it was much happier than she was now. Leia had watched over her during a meeting, eyes soft and worried. Master Skywalker had excused her from training early, claiming that she needed a break, and that she looked exhausted . He had asked if anything was wrong. Her heart skipped a beat when she considered telling him, but when she decided against it, it restarted. Finn had tried to get her to eat at dinner, and Poe had sat silently. She hadn’t eaten the night before, she hadn’t shown up for breakfast, and she wasn’t eating again. “Rey.” Finn said. “Come on, just have something. Are you sick?” He asked her. “You look really sick, you’ve got bags under your eyes.” “Thanks.” She said, forcing out a laugh and a small smile. Finn blinked, then realised what he’d said. “Sorry… My point still stands though.” “I’m fine.” “Rey, you’re clearly not fine.” “Finn, please, I am.” “No, you’re not. I can see it.” “Finn-“ “What’s wrong?” Rey didn’t answer. She pushed the plate away from her and stood up again, like she had the night before. “I’m going to bed.” She announced to the two men before leaving without another word. Finn watched her leave and Poe watched Finn. When the younger man turned to face the pilot, he looked at him as if he had the answers. “What’s wrong with her?” He asked Poe, his eyes sad and his voice quiet. Poe sighed, looking at Rey’s uneaten food. “The General was afraid this would happen to her.” He explained. “So was Master Skywalker, they told me she’s been acting up and asked if I’d keep an eye on her. She’s come from Jakku Finn, she doesn’t know what to do.” Poe told him as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. As Finn didn’t understand, he continued. “She’s spent her whole life just trying to make it until tomorrow and here she doesn’t have to do that. She never questioned why she wanted to get until tomorrow, but if she stopped to question it then she’d never make it. She’d have starved years ago if she did. Now she’s here, on the base, she’s safe and sound but she doesn’t have anything.” “She has us.” Finn interjected quickly. “It’s not that simple.” He said. “You always wanted to escape the First Order, I always wanted to be a pilot. Rey doesn’t have anything she wants like us, like everyone else here. She doesn’t have anything to live for.” Finn blinked, staring at Poe and shaking his head. “Of course she does, she’s becoming a Jedi.” “Because she’s strong in the Force, not because she wants to.” He said. The two of them sat quietly before Poe stood up. “We should go check on her, the General was worried about her today, said she was unusually quiet. And I’m worried too, I don’t want to leave her alone too long.” Poe and Finn made their way to Rey’s quarters, walking a little quicker than usual. Towards the end of the corridor that her room was in, Finn broke out into a run and Poe followed him. Something was wrong, something was horribly, horribly wrong. There was blood, and there was a lot of it. For some reason the blood coming from her arms made her feel so much more alive. She felt real. She felt the cold liquid against the hot of her skin, feeling beads of blood trickle down and drip onto the floor where she sat curled up in the corner. She didn’t hear Finn or Poe calling her name and asking her to unlock the door, didn’t realise when it turned into begging, and barely even saw them when they busted the door down and ran in. It was bad, God it was bad. Finn stood back by the door, frozen in fear and shock, whereas Poe ran to her side and started looking over her. There were cuts all over her arms and wrists and he had no idea where he was meant to start with stopping the bleeding. They were deep and as he held her arm in his hands and stared at the wounds he realised that there was nothing he could do. The medics would never get across the base in time and it was too serious for him to deal with. There was nothing he could do. His heart was in his throat and he felt like he was going to throw up. But he had to be strong, for Rey and for Finn. Finn eventually fell to his knees and crawled towards his barely conscious friend, afraid to touch her. Her skin was so pale and she looked so fragile – completely different to the strong young woman that he had fallen in love with knew. “Rey…?” He asked, his voice barely a whisper. Despite the pain on her face, her eyes managed to flicker in his direction but they didn’t focus on him. They saw straight through him. He held back tears, focusing on her and hoping that maybe talking to her would take away some of the pain and the fear. “Come on Rey, you’re doing just fine.” He whispered to her softly, moving a little closer. “Let it take you.” Poe looked to Finn like he was crazy, telling his best friend to die, but he understood the logic. He wanted her to let go of the pain she was in. He wanted her to find peace and if this was the way it was going to happen (and there was no going back now) then he wanted her to do it now. Poe felt Rey slump in his arms and he fought to keep her upright, but her eyes were shutting slowly. Finn took a hand, his fingers immediately bloodstained. He held it tightly in his own, the lack of pulse not frightening him for some strange reason. He brought it to his lips and pressed a kiss to her knuckles as he felt tears falling from his eyes, tears he hadn’t even realised he was holding in. Poe still tried to remain strong, just for a little while longer . Let Finn mourn , he told himself. He watched the younger man cry for several long minutes, his heart aching as he held the dead girl in his arms. His eyes were only torn from Finn to glance up to the two people standing in the doorway, hearts broken as the brother and sister looked on at the scene before them. Leia looked like she had lost the daughter she had never had (it reminded Poe of what she looked like when she found out about Han). Luke looked torn, blaming himself for not noticing (he knew the Jedi sensed things, so in part he blamed Luke too). They left promptly, leaving Finn and Poe to mourn in privacy for a short time while they arranged for her body to be taken away. Finn didn’t leave her side until she was buried. Chapter 8 : Unwanted Touches (T) Notes: Warnings for mentions of past sexual abuse Rey had started to understand what love felt like. On Jakku, love wasn’t something she had ever felt. She’d never had a companion, a friend, a lover, anyone. She barely had anyone that she even said a word to. Friendship didn’t aid survival on Jakku, and if something didn’t help you live then very few people had time for it. No one wanted to make friends, they wanted to live and get off the planet. Rey was one of the few exceptions, she had always expected to be there for the long run and had tried to start conversations with people. When she was a child, people had excused her, but when she got older people ignored her. She stopped talking to people when she started realising that she was going hungry more and more often. It saved her life, but she regretted everything she did to get there. She didn’t think about it now, not anymore. It had been forgotten, as far as she knew, and she would never revisit it. Because now she was safe, she was on D’Qar, part of the Resistance, and she had Finn and Poe and all of her other friends. Why would she have to worry? It seemed that she was going to figure that one out a little sooner than she had expected. When Finn had recovered enough from his injury to the point where he could walk without pain and almost unaided, he seemed to get a lot closer to Poe. The two were much more intimate and barely ever separated. Rey had training - which at least gave her an excuse to have some time alone – and almost “missed out” on her opportunity to get as close as Finn. She didn’t mind though, they still showed her more love than anyone else ever had and it still felt just as pure and as unconditional. She still loved it, loved them. Finn seemed a little cautious about it, not wanting her to feel left out, and Poe tried his best to make time for her as well – and she loved them all the more for it. One night in the week the three had somehow managed to have a break at the same time, with no missions scheduled for Poe, no training for Rey, and no physical therapy for Finn. The three of them were sprawled out on Poe’s bed, their limbs tangling together as they all tried to be in each other’s arms. Rey let Finn and Poe get closer to each other and closed her eyes, letting the softness of the sheets she was lying on lull her into a semi-sleep state. She was torn from her relaxation when she felt a hand on her shoulder and her eyes snapped open. Finn had his hand there, fingers playing with the hem of her robes as he kissed Poe passionately. For a second, she looked at them curiously before she felt Poe’s hands grabbing the bottom of her dress and feeling around to grab one of her thighs within his hand. The realisation of what the two of them were doing, and what they were trying to get her to do, resulted in a sharp intake of breath as she tried to wiggle out of their grasps. Thankfully, the two men were deep enough into their focus for each other that instead of complaining, they just moved their hands back to the other. Rey had never run out of the room faster. Finn and Poe had been so enamoured with each other that they didn’t even notice she was missing until after they had finished. They had gone straight to find her, despite being dishevelled and exhausted. When they couldn’t find her, they were forced to return back to their room and go to sleep in the hopes that she’d come back herself. She did, but she didn’t say anything about the previous night. Finn and Poe didn’t confront her about it. Instead it got buried and forgotten. Then it happened again, maybe only a week later. The boys didn’t know what had caused Rey to disappear – maybe they hadn’t involved her enough and she felt awkward – so they tried something different. They had her in between the two of them before they had even started, with Poe’s arms around her waist and Finn pressing his head into the back of her neck. She felt so warm and safe in their arms. She knew that they would never hurt her, they couldn’t do anything to hurt her. At least, nothing that they were aware of. When the touching started again she felt herself freeze up and her mind fill with unwanted memories. She closed her eyes tightly and tried to fight against the feelings that grew with every kiss that Finn placed to the back of her neck and with every light movement of Poe’s hands over her waist, trying their best to get under her dress. Her legs were firmly shut and somehow she still felt like they were going to overpower her. There was two of them, she wouldn’t be able to fight them if they went much further. She wouldn’t want to, she was too afraid she’d hurt them, but she had to escape. She tried to call out to Poe, to tell him to move and let her get out of the way, but no words came out of her mouth. How was she meant to tell the two of them to stop when she couldn’t make a sound? So she remained still, trying to push out the thoughts invading her mind and trying to focus on someplace else, anywhere else. For a little while, she tried to put herself back on Jakku and hide in her AT-AT. Rey was snapped back into reality when she heard a voice calling out her name. Her eyes opened slowly and she saw Master Skywalker standing over her, both Finn and Poe standing sheepishly together and far away from her. Luke seemed concerned, and while she was still too afraid to talk he managed to smile a little. “I could sense your distress, is everything okay?” She nodded. There was no use in telling Luke what her friends had done (they were her friends, and Master Skywalker certainly didn’t need to know that) and why it had hurt her (no one knew that, she’d keep it to herself). Luke still seemed to sense the fact that she was lying, but he accepted it for now. “I’ll want to see you first thing in the morning, before sunrise, the usual spot.” She nodded silently again as he turned to Poe and Finn. “She’ll need her rest, let her be.” He told them before he left. Rey looked at the two men before her and immediately looked to the ground. Shame washed over her as she managed to sit up, and she brought an arm around her waist and a hand to her head. She had never wanted anyone to find out, and now she was afraid they would. Silently, she stood, neatened her dress, and quickly left the room. She walked hunched over slightly, as if she was trying to curl up and stop existing for a short while – perhaps that would help her. She made her way to the usual spot she met Luke at and sat down, closing her eyes and deciding to get as much rest as should could outside. She felt safer away from other people, and at least it meant she wouldn’t be late even if she hardly slept. She didn’t want to sleep that night, the memories burning at the back of her eye lids, now too recent for her to rid herself of. As it turned out, she didn’t sleep for days. Every time she closed her eyes she was met with the same images, the same feeling of disgust, and almost felt like she was going to vomit. Every time she saw Finn and Poe she found herself shaking and afraid, even holding their hands felt like too much right now. Kissing had stopped entirely. She felt like she didn’t exist anymore and she wanted to hide away. Unfortunately, the Resistance Base didn’t offer very many hiding places. She spent as much time as she could outside, and had started sleeping at the edge of the forest. Poe and Finn had offered her blankets and food, but she never accepted it from them. She told them she was fine, she told everyone she was fine. She didn’t want their sympathy, she just wanted things to go back to the way they were. She didn’t want to be afraid anymore. # # # Luke was the one to get her to return home, after having told her that staying outside wasn’t helping her training. Focusing on her training was all Rey had done to keep the thoughts at bay, and if what she was doing to hide from those thoughts was making things harder for her then she decided it may be for the best to go back. Maybe Finn and Poe would leave her be, maybe she could get her own room with her own bed. The warmth she felt from returning back inside was something she would never forget, the way the hairs on her body stood on end as she let a warm shiver run over her. Still, she did her best to avoid Finn and Poe. They had done nothing wrong, and she tried to tell herself that she was punishing them for no particular reason, that this wasn’t fair, but she was so afraid. When she had deliberately walked out of the canteen after seeing them, she noticed the General at the other end of the corridor with a sad look in her eyes. Perhaps it was something else, or perhaps she could sense how she felt. Rey had no idea how well trained the General was in the Force, she certainly had some ability but never seemed to use it. Rey returned to their room, knowing it would be “safe” for now, and curled herself up on the sofa. She brought her knees up to her chest and held her breath for longer than she usually did, waiting nervously for the men to return. She had no idea how she’d be greeted, if she’d be welcomed back with open arms or if they wouldn’t really care at all. Really, when they returned, you could have cut through the air with a knife. They didn’t really know what to say to her, because the last time they’d seen her she’d been terrified and had run off for almost two weeks. Finn was the first to make a move. He went to her side and tenderly reached for her hand. “What’s wrong?” He asked, his voice as gentle as he could make it. Poe moved towards her slowly, perching on the edge of the bed opposite the two of them. He felt guilty, because he had tried to go so much further than Finn and he felt like he had pushed her too far, that he’d pushed her away. “Nothing.” She said, forcing a strained smile to her face. She looked between Finn and Poe, but neither of them looked like they believed her at all. With a sigh, her smile fell and her face looked like she felt – afraid and alone and empty. “I can’t do what you want me to.” She admitted. “It… It scares me. And I know you two want it and if it’s a problem I can get my own room or something. I just… can’t.” She told them quietly, almost hoping they wouldn’t hear. Finn tightened his grip on her hand a little and Poe got down on his knees in front of her, taking her other hand in his and looking up at her sincerely. “We don’t want that.” He told her. “We want you here, with us. If it scared you, you should have said something. We aren’t going to hurt you if we can help it, we promise.” Poe brought her hand to his lips and pressed a gentle kiss to her knuckles. After swallowing back a feeling of sickness building up in her chest, she felt her mouth burst open and words flew straight out. “I was desperate.” She told them. “I was starving, he offered me portions.” Finn and Poe stared at her, eyes wide and shocked. “I was just a kid, I had no idea what I was getting myself into. I didn’t understand and… I thought it was all over. I didn’t think that the second someone I loved touched me it’d all come back.” Neither of them knew what to say to her and the silence was back all over again. After what felt like hours, but was likely just a few minutes, Finn brought Rey into his arms and brought a hand to her head, running his fingers through her hair. “We won’t hurt you.” He whispered. “Never, Rey. You’re not expected to do anything for food, no one’s going to make you do anything so you don’t starve. God , Rey, you should’ve told us. We’d never have done anything.” Poe moved to the other side of her and wrapped his arms around the pair. He always felt protective of them, being the oldest of the three, but never more than now. He had known that Finn had boundaries and limits, but Rey always seemed so brave. She seemed like nothing could hurt her. Sometimes he forgot that she had been orphaned and left on Jakku to survive on her own. “I’m sorry.” He told her as gently as he could. “Come on, let’s get you something to eat and get you cleaned up. You’re home now, okay? I promise you Rey, you’re safe.” Chapter 9 : In Your Loving Arms (G) Rey often caught herself watching the General. She had always been a people watcher, wondering what everyone’s stories were – where they came from and what they were going towards, but she looked at General Organa differently. She watched her with a sad sort of longing, the sort where her heart ached and she wasn’t quite sure why, and her head felt fuzzy with some need she couldn’t quite put her finger on. The General was someone like no one she had ever met. She was so brave and commanding, but at the same time she was gentle and caring, and always made sure that everyone in the Resistance was doing alright. She loved everyone around her so deeply, and she loved unconditionally. Rey knew how the General felt about her son, even if she was fighting his cause she still loved him, she still believed he would come home. The strength that she admired in the General was something she longed to have some day. As she felt her heart yearning, she forced herself to draw her attention from the woman she was now making eye contact with. Instead, she looked behind herself, looking to the trees and the sky and letting herself fall in love again with the peace and tranquillity. She closed her eyes softly and breathed in the evening air, letting the slight chill roll over her shoulders and the shallow breeze blow at her clothing. The cold was something that Rey decided she loved – it was such a contrast to what she was used to experiencing and she wanted more. It was a few moments later when she felt a hand resting on her shoulder. She didn’t open her eyes, letting the woman speak first. “How are you, Rey?” She asked, her voice as caring as always and her words just as meaningful as they would be with anyone else. Rey felt her lips curl into a small smile as she looked around to the General. “Wonderful.” She answered honestly, the General smiling back at her. The hand on her shoulder tightened into a squeeze for a moment, before dropping to her side. “Let’s take a walk.” Rey nodded, letting the General lead. Though she was becoming accustomed to the base and its layout, the General knew it far better than anyone else could and she seemed to have a place in mind for where she wished to take Rey. Whatever she wanted to talk to her about seemed to be something she wanted to do in private, and Rey was happy to respect the silence that she had put in place until she decided to speak. It was a short walk from the base, not so far that they couldn’t see the hanger but far enough away that they wouldn’t be disturbed. The General motioned for Rey to sit beside a small stream and she did, watching as the older woman sat beside her. The General removed her shoes and socks and placed them neatly at her side before she put her feet into the cold water and smiled, letting out a gentle sigh. Rey couldn’t help but smile at the way she looked, all of a sudden so youthful and full of life. “The streams are wonderful for relieving stress.” The General told Rey after a moment of relaxation. “They do my joints wonders, I don’t think I’d be leading an army without them.” She said with a laugh, leaning towards Rey and placing a hand on her arm (the General had soon learnt that Rey hadn’t been used to physical contact and affection, and was going about fixing that single handedly). “You’re not training, I don’t see my brother anywhere around here, and we’re off the base. It’s just you and I, relax a little Rey. And don’t you dare call me General.” She said, her voice with a teasing tone to it. When Rey figured out what she meant, she nodded. “Of course, Leia.” And as she said the name, she smiled. She didn’t know why she smiled so much around Leia, but it was certainly a feeling she liked. Rey soon followed suit with what Leia had done, slipping her own footwear off and cautiously dipping her toes into the water. She let out a gentle gasp, still unused to the idea of having enough water to spare for such an activity as this, and she laughed as fishes swam between her toes and the cold water tickled at her skin. She was always learning new things about life, and she absolutely loved it (come to think of it, Rey absolutely loved a lot of things. But having lived in a desert for all her memorable life, it wasn’t exactly hard to have a passion for anything that wasn’t orange, dry, and sandy). Rey looked up to Leia and saw a puzzled look on the woman’s face, as if she was trying to make a particularly hard decision. She let the thought process take place, not wanting to interrupt if she had come out here to make an important strategic choice. “Rey, there’s something I should tell you.” She said, her voice taking on a new tone. This one was unsure, as if she was dipping her feet into a pond to test the depth, to see if it was safe to continue further. Rey didn’t react, simply letting Leia expand on her statement. “I’ve been thinking about it since you returned with Finn, and it’s something that you deserve to know. I’m just not entirely sure how I would go about telling you.” And for once, Rey saw past the appearance that Leia usually held. Instead of the calm, confident leader that was always on display, she saw Leia herself, someone who knew they had to do what was right but was worried about the consequences. Rey gave an encouraging smile to the other woman and stayed quiet, letting her say what she had to. “I remember you, from when you were a child. You’ve hardly changed.” She said, humour in her voice. She was being indirect, but Rey seemed to understand. Her expression changed and she leaned in, silently requesting for Leia to continue talking. “You were such a brave little girl, so kind and trusting and filled with hope and adoration for the world. I think your hope was what I missed the most about you.” Leia told her, her shoulders falling. “You were such an optimistic child, and I loved you. God Rey did I love you. And one day I came back from a meeting with the Republic, I’d entrusted you to Luke while I was gone...” She trailed off, shaking her head and closing her eyes. Rey saw the regret on her face, but it disappeared the moment she looked back at Rey. “I’m getting old Rey, so old. And it’s hard to keep on fighting when you believe everything you valued most is taken from you. Han had left, Luke had run away, Ben had joined the First Order, and there was no trace of you. If I’d known, Rey, I’d have come for you. I’d have searched every corner of the galaxy to find you if I’d known you were still alive.” And suddenly, the longing that Rey felt whenever she saw Leia made so much more sense. She stared at her, unblinking, for what felt like days. Her eyes grew wet and glassed over, her mouth opening as if to say something but nothing came out. Leia watched Rey closely, wanting to know how she felt. More than ever she needed to know. She wanted to know what Rey was thinking, but didn’t push her. Rey’s mind was racing, every moment spent on that Godforsaken planet, the one she had wanted to return to so badly. Maz had been right, her family weren’t coming back for her, because they didn’t know she was there. The family she had been seeking had been in her future, and she had found them. At least, she had found one of them. She had found a mother, something that she had always dreamed of. Rey tried her hardest not to think about Han – she could grieve for the father she’d never known later – and instead focused on the woman in front of her. The leader that she wanted to be like so fiercely. Within moments, Rey had practically thrown herself at Leia and wrapped tight arms around her. The tears fell silently from her eyes as she let Leia hold her. And Leia was more than happy to oblige, holding in her arms the daughter she had believed so long ago was to be forever lost to the galaxy. She couldn’t turn back time and change how things had been, but Leia was determined to prove to Rey that she was worthy of a family that loved her, and that she was beyond special to people within this galaxy. Leia brought her hand to the back of Rey’s head and ran her fingers through her hair, and all of a sudden it felt like Rey was a child again. Rey felt the same, feeling so small and vulnerable as she was held so protectively by Leia. She loved it. The safety, the security, and all the love and care that she could provide, it made her feel complete. Everything she had been striving to find had been given to her and she couldn’t have asked for it any other way. Chapter 10 : Finding his Wings (G) Poe took a deep breath, fighting back tears of frustration as he felt his hands clench around the controls in the X-Wing cockpit. There were words of assurance from the person sat next to him: that he would learn, that he’d get better, but the young man didn’t want to learn, he wanted to be perfect already. His mother was a pilot, and an amazing one at that, so why didn’t he have that same skill passed down to him? He couldn’t let her down, he had to become just as good as her. He found his session coming to an end and he took off for the hills. He had been flying for most of his life, but now he had to have lessons. A formality, he was told, and he just had to take a minimum number of lessons before he could be given all the official paperwork and given the official go-ahead to fly with the Resistance, but all he had learnt was that though all of his techniques worked, they weren’t right , and so after stalling more than he ever had in a cockpit he wanted nothing more than to seek solace to let his fear and frustration vent. With a heavy sigh, he let himself lie back against the dewy grass and grabbed fistfuls in both hands, ripping it straight from the ground and throwing it in different directions, letting it scatter. He let out a loud scream, and for a moment he could have sworn he’d felt a few tears leaking from the corners of his eyes. Poe Dameron wasn’t supposed to be like this, and he knew that. Sure, he was just like any other teenager learning how to fly, but his parents were expecting so much more from him. They were expecting him to be a great pilot like his mother, he was expecting to be a great pilot like her, and he didn’t know what exactly he was doing wrong. Why had he somehow lost the ability to fly? The second he had been given new techniques that he had to follow strictly, he had begun to struggle. All of a sudden he had to think about what he was doing and everything seemed to be going wrong as a result, and part of him almost wanted to give up. He could tell his parents he was going to join the Resistance and that he’d finish his training there – he could always be a mechanic. But he knew that they wouldn’t be proud of him if they knew that, they hadn’t taught Poe to give up, or to lie, but at that moment it was all he wanted to do. It all seemed so hard, and part of him was even afraid of getting back in the cockpit again, afraid of failing again, stalling again. He had never felt so much pressure on himself to do something as simple as flying. The Resistance expected him to be as wonderful as his mother, he expected it, and his friends did. And for a moment, on that quiet hill on Yavin 4, Poe let himself cry. Not just a few little tears, but sobs and screams of frustration, curse words thrown around into the emptiness around him until he felt as if he had sufficiently drained himself of all the emotion he had inside of him. It wasn’t much, and it wasn’t something that he would ever admit to doing when he was older, but at least it was something. And getting rid of the frustration filled him with a newfound determination. Poe Dameron wasn’t just going to learn how to fly, he was going to be the best goddamn pilot in the Resistance. Chapter 11 : It's Quiet Uptown (G) Notes: Poe/Rey, angsty as always! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Hey… Rey? Can you hear me?” The first words Rey heard, upon waking up, sounded like they were being sung by angels. She honestly didn’t believe she was alive. She was numb all over, felt as if she was floating, and, as she blinked her eyes slowly open, she was surrounded by a fuzzy bright whiteness. Despite how little she could see, she could hear people coming to life around her. There were hurried footsteps and a loud yell (words she couldn’t quite make out), and then there were soft tones being whispered reassuringly to her. She gave up after another moment, deciding to close her eyes again. The darkness was so much more comfortable, so much easier to live with. # # # The next time she opened her eyes everything was different. Her body felt heavy and she couldn’t move. She tried opening her eyes and it made her gasp as she struggled to move even the smallest of muscles. Rey felt something tightening around her hand, and something press against her forehead. She felt dizzy and sick, the nausea racing through her body enough for her to open up her eyes and stare blindly out into the world. Everything was still fuzzy, but now things had some sort of shape. Besides her she saw something that stood out, a figure dressed head to foot in earthy shades, browns and greens and greys. “Nice to see you awake, Rey.” Came a gentle comment. It was a voice that Rey knew. A female voice. Whoever it was (her mind couldn’t quite place it) she sounded kind. Rey liked this person. “I would suggest a little more rest however. Your friends are waiting for you, but I think you need some more time.” Rey watched closely as the figure moved her hand from side to side in front of Rey, and then she heard a noise that she could only describe as satisfaction. “Glad to see you’re improving. I’ll leave you to it.” # # # The third time Rey opened her eyes she could see properly, and she was more than thankful for that. She was alone when she awoke, so she used that time to carefully test what she could do. Feeling was slowly being regained (something that she noticed she hated, each time she woke up, she woke up in more pain), which at least allowed her to be consciously aware of what parts of her body were moving. If she concentrated hard enough she could wiggle the tips of her fingers and her toes, and she could gently part her lips. She risked attempting to talk but nothing happened, her throat was dry and unused (for how long, she didn’t know). She decided that, as she was alone and as her experiments had exhausted her to some degree, she would go back to sleep. # # # “Hey, Rey?” “Ssh, she’s meant to be sleeping!” “Okay, I just wanted to say-“ “-Sleeping, Finn!” The semi-hushed voices were enough to bring Rey into a state of awareness and she opened her eyes. It was becoming easier each time now, and she could feel her body slowly recovering from… From… “Rey!” A man shouted, elated that her eyes were now open. Another man sat beside him shook his head, but there was an unmistakeable smile of relief on his face. Rey tried to replicate the joy, but she was sure that her lack of control of her muscles just left a strange sort of grimace on her face. In fairness, the way she felt meant that a grimace was probably more suited. “Go grab her some water Finn, she’s got to be parched.” The seated man said, and she watched as he left to do as he was told. “Nice name.” Rey somehow managed to mumble, her voice hoarse and breaking slightly. “God, are you still high on pain meds or something? I’d have thought they’d have worn off by now.” The man chuckled to himself, moving to sit a little closer to her. He took her hand in his and smiled gently. “But just in case, I’m Poe Dameron – best pilot in the Resistance.” Rey felt her mouth taking shape, and this time she knew she was smiling. She giggled quietly to herself, letting her eyes fall shut again. # # # “What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Poe yelled, not caring that Finn was trying to calm him down, that he was still in the same room as Rey, that the General herself was standing beside Kalonia. “You can’t… She can’t! General this isn’t fair !” Poe exclaimed. “Life isn’t.” She snapped. It shut Poe up. The General never snapped. “Kalonia is doing everything she can for Rey, you have no place to take this out on her. I understand that you’re angry, that you’re frustrated, but it’s more frustrating for the people trying to help. Now give them some space. Finn, go with him.” The General told the pair, gesturing her head for them to leave. Poe left with his fists clenched and Finn followed. The General turned to Kalonia and sighed. “Do we have any idea how bad it is?” “No, is the simple answer.” Kalonia said, glancing over to an unconscious Rey. “Though we should have seen something like this coming, perhaps not to this extent but…” She shook her head. “She’s in a Fugue state, something that can be brought about by significant stress, and I think we can agree that Rey had experienced her fair share of stress over the past few weeks.” She explained. “She was found miles from the base by Skywalker herself, claims she was confused as to who she was, where she was, and was terrified of him. She ran until she tripped and fell and he brought her straight here. There’s not much we can do to help her. Hypnosis hasn’t worked, so we’re relying on Rey now. It usually heals itself, give the mind time to process what has happened and she should be okay again. For now though it’s best she stays here, let her get strength back and stay where we know she’s safe. Her friends can visit from time to time and we’ll see if that helps. This isn’t forever General.” “I know.” The General said, her shoulders fallen. “I just don’t know how much longer Poe is going to be able to cope without her. I always worried about what the Resistance would cost Poe, his commitment has been second to none, but with this he’s been pushing himself even further. He needs Rey back.” “We’ll do the best we can General.” Kalonia said, giving the General a sad smile as she took her leave. # # # Poe sat at Rey’s beside alone that night. He was tired, his eyes were baggy and his stomach was empty. He watched Rey with bitter tears stinging painfully at his eyes until they fell freely. “I know I don’t deserve you, Rey.” He whispered softly. “I’m not afraid, I know who I married. You’ll come back to me, I know you will. You’re stronger than anyone else I know. So please… Please come back to me. I need you.” Notes: I'm a sucker for Hamilton, shut up. I could've made it more painful!!! Anyway I hope you enjoyed, let me know if you have any suggestions for future one shots!! Chapter 12 : What is Love? (G) Notes: Rey is a confused little puppy, but aren't we all? (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey had been watching Poe and Finn for several long minutes now across the hangar. She wasn’t exactly trying to be discreet, but she sat silently on top of a stack of crates with her legs crossed and her eyes narrowed. She had been trying to figure out this whole love thing since Master Skywalker had told her that it was okay for her to fall into it. She didn’t understand how she could fall into an emotional state (he had told her it was a metaphor, but she still didn’t get it ) and she was hoping that by closely studying the two of them she’d be able to figure it out. “Y’know, most people don’t like others watching them snog.” Came an amused voice from Rey’s side, if a little bit below her. Casting her gaze to see who it was that was talking, Rey saw Jess and smiled. She had ended up getting to know her quite well, the two of them often left to their own devices as Finn and Poe went off together (despite inviting the girls along). Rey considered her words for a moment, glancing back at Finn and Poe, before she jumped down to the floor. “What does snog mean?” She asked, Jess laughing and making a kissy face at her friend. Rey could only imagine how offended Poe would have been and had to laugh. “You mean kiss ?” She said. “You should’ve just said that…” Rey waited for a moment, looking back to her friends and narrowing her eyes again. “I don’t understand it. No one really talked about love on Jakku, there wasn’t exactly time for emotion when you had a growling stomach.” “Surely you know what it feels like to love someone though, you were waiting for your family. You must have loved them.” Rey shrugged. “I don’t know.” She admitted. “They left me when I was a child, there was never anything else for me to do except wait for them to come back.” Jess paused for a second, taking Rey’s hand and pulling at it to pull her gaze away from the two men the other side of the hangar, but to be completely honest they were far too enamoured with each other to notice her stares. “I want to know why people do that, the kissing thing. Is that all love is ?” She asked, clearly expecting something far more magnificent and impressive for her Master to bring it up. “Of course not. It’s hard to explain. It’s not really something you can show just by kissing, or holding hands, or hugging.” She tried to explain, keeping things as simple as she could for the ex-scavenger. It was a miracle they spoke the same language, there was no use in adding colloquialisms that would only confuse her. “It’s a sort of bond between two people, whenever you’re around the other person you feel so much happier. Like your heart is on fire and everything in the world is beautiful.” Rey blinked, nodding slowly. “So who can be in love? Is there like a quota or something? Do you have to ask for permission?” Times like this Jessika was reminded how little Rey knew about the world, and suddenly simple questions seemed less funny and just broke her heart. Poe had told the pilots the stories of the scavenger, and they all felt awful for her. No one deserved to be subjected to that sort of treatment and isolation. “Of course not. Anyone can be in love with whoever or whatever they want, and if you’re in love with someone you tell them. And if they love you back then everything is wonderful.” She said, a smile teasing its way onto her lips. “So how do you know if you’re in love?” “You just know . There’s no way of explaining it. You just feel something inside of you that’s screaming for you to be around that person. You’ll know it, one day.” “But it’s not the same as being friends, right?” “No, it’s more intimate than friendship. But being friends is a good place to start. You don’t lay eyes on someone and know you love them, not usually. Getting to know them helps, seeing who they are past a pretty face helps. You could meet someone like Poe and get to know them and realise there’s nothing in that big old head of theirs.” She smirked, speaking a little louder as she saw her commanding officer approaching them. “Hey, you watch your mouth.” Poe teased. “I’m trying to explain to Rey what love it, save her gawking over you and Finn. She was practically drooling.” “Was not!” Rey exclaimed. “Relax.” Poe laughed. “I’d understand, everyone loves me.” “Poe!” Jessika said, playfully slapping his shoulder. “This is serious, she doesn’t know anything about it.” “Seriously?” He said, his faced now much more concerned. Rey still didn’t quite understand. “Don’t think about it, the more you think the harder it’ll get. You’ll figure it out. Besides, you don’t have to fall in love with one of us. I wouldn’t blame you but-“ “-Poe!-“ “- But falling in love is special. Don’t force it. The right person’ll come along.” He reassured her. “Nothing to worry about.” Rey felt a pat on her shoulder from Poe and gave him a small smile, bidding the group her farewell as she left for training. A week passed, and Rey had tried to keep her mind off the concept of love. It was understandable, she had been taught something new and wanted to put it into practice, but she had to keep herself focused on training and had to take into account what Poe had said. Wait for the right person. Surely they’d turn up soon. “Still thinking about it?” Finn asked over dinner one night and Rey nodded, pushing her food around on her plate rather than eating it. “I don’t get it.” She said stubbornly. “Everyone else seems to get it, I feel like something’s wrong with me for not getting it.” “Like Poe said, you’ve probably just not met the right person yet. You’ll find them.” He said with a smile. Rey huffed, pushing her plate away and resting her head in her hands to think. Months passed, and still Rey found no one. She was becoming more and more frustrated whenever she remembered it, eventually bringing it up with her Master. “Luke?” She asked gently, watching the older man open one eye to look at her before opening the other to provide his full attention. “What is it my dear Padawan?” He asked. “You’re troubled, something is wrong.” “I can’t fall in love with anyone.” She explained. “You said I could, that the old Jedi code didn’t matter. And Poe and Finn and Jess explained what love was to me but I still don’t get it.” Luke let himself smile a little, decidedly glad that her frustration was over something so simple. “Don’t you worry, Rey, you don’t have to fall in love with anyone. Some people never do.” He told her. “That doesn’t mean anything is wrong with you or your understanding of the concept, and it doesn’t mean other people will value you any less. Your friends will still love you whether you have some form of significant other or not.” Rey looked confused, the look of frustration on her face one that even Luke had never seen before. “Don’t think over it Rey.” He told her, outstretching a hand to rest atop hers. “It will do you no good. Perhaps you should ask your friends more questions, they’ll be able to help you understand better than this old man ever will be.” He said with a light chuckle. “I think they’re far better educated than I am.” Rey nodded, focusing until the end of her lesson when she sought out Poe and Finn, positively brimming with questions for the two. The first lesson the two of them gave her was that their lessons would have scheduled times to prevent her from barging open the door and talking whilst they were in a more than compromising position and less than fully clothed. The lesson was given while the two of them were in said position, with their clothes covering the floor of Poe’s bedroom more than themselves. Rey didn’t forget that lesson in a hurry. Notes: Idek what I was going for. Rey doesn't know, I don't know, think what you want. It's open to interpretation! If you have any suggestions leave them in the comments below. Hope you enjoyed ^.^