Hux was not pleased. He was rarely pleased, especially not in the weeks since Star Killer Base’s short-lived destruction, but he had been adjusting to the pit-like sensation that had formed a core in his being in the recent days, and the sensation rarely ever threatened to consume his entire being. He had been getting better. Enter Snoke. Hux had been dreading Snoke’s first contact ever since the ground on Star Killer had begun shaking, and even more so when Hux realised the being would leave them to die in radio-silence lest the resistance were taking the opportunity to track Snoke’s signal during the First Order’s panicked downfall. It was protocol; Hux would have done the same in Snoke’s position. But this was not just the Resistance’s win over what amounted to a bar-fight on Takodana, Star Killer Base was… painful. Every time Hux allowed his mind to wander, to stray from reading his comm or his data pad, from ordering troopers, from organising meetings, he would picture the blueprints, the many, thousands of blueprints. The forms he’d had to fill in, the requisition slips, the sleepless hours he’d put in. Hux had taken modules throughout his training on engineering, on ship structure, on building large weapons of mass destruction, but none of these had fully prepared him from being lead on a project quite so… large. Co-lead , his mind supplied, though he suppressed this interjection. A large, fully operational perfect plan. Even now, as he strode from the meeting, boots clanging on the metal flooring, he could feel his nails dig ridges into the palms of his hands. He would have to trim them. The pain allowed his mind to divert some of the stabbing sensation from his chest to his hands, his brain relaxing its obsessive grip for a moment. He could feel his throat close up, the angry tears unbidden in the corner of his eyes. He had failed. This had been his moment to achieve history. He had failed. Perhaps he was always destined to fail. Perhaps he should stop, now, commit to the long-standing tradition of high-ranking officers being thrown from bridges at the ship’s core. He exhaled, angry, attempting to stem the rising panic. No. He had bigger things to worry about that this. Snoke. Co-lead. He allowed his self-loathing attack to take a back seat while thoughts of Snoke and Kylo Ren rose, bidden like puppets to a stage. Hux could still hear Snoke’s tone in his mind. How Snoke had simply not spoken for minutes, long minutes when Hux and Kylo had first assembled before him, the first time they had seen one another since- since then. Snoke. They had stood before the being, craning their heads (craning, Hux’s mind repeated, bitterly, as if Snoke needed a holograph quite so big. Yes, we get it, you are our intimidating leader.) Hux hoped Snoke’s ability to read minds did not stretch to however far they were away from him. Or that Kylo cared enough about his mind that the man would be able to repeat Hux’s inner-commentary to their large, scarred, booming leader. Snoke had not mentioned their failure. Hux wondered whether that, too, was punishment. Wanting to witness Hux’s self-given punishment. He wondered whether Snoke was pleased or apathetic towards Hux’s self-control. That he was still able to stand before Snoke without quivering, that he had not taken a regulation-issue weapon and ended it all himself. “Without the droid or the girl, we have no map. We must find the Jedi temple, and Luke Skywalker.” Hux and Kylo had both nodded. “We are in possession of an Ancient Manuscript. This may provide hint as to where the first temple lies.” This had been the first reason Hux had not been entirely pleased with the meeting. He wondered if it were possible to give one’s self a stroke by attempting not to roll one’s eyes. He wondered if this is how Kylo felt before destroying various control panels. “Because of the sensitive nature of the information,” Snoke had continued, his voice condescending, “You will agree that it is not wise to make this knowledge widely known.” Again, Hux and Kylo had nodded. The less members of the First Order to know, the less chance that FN-2187 imitators could make off with important data. A select few personnel, then, nobody with any hint of a track record of sympathising with the resistance. “You have codicology and palaeography experience, I recall,” Snoke had said, and Hux had felt an odd mix of pride and apprehension spread across his chest. Proud that Snoke would know what modules he had studied, apprehensive that Snoke would bring it up. “Yes Sir.” “You’re to study the manuscript yourselves. You will not let the Order know of this manucript’s existance.” “Sir, we have a first-class code-breaking department aboard. I have worked with many of the members personally, and can recommend—” Hux wondered whether it was possible to force-choke someone from half-way across the universe, or if Snoke was very capable of giving silencing glares. “Only you two shall know about the manuscript,” Snoke had repeated. “You are to work on it together.” “Sir?!” Hux and Kylo had been oddly synchronised at their objection. “I have given Kylo Ren adequate enough skill-based training. He shall be able to help you.” “In all due respect, Sir, I would rather work alone—” “I hardly think my contributions to this matter are worth my taking focus away from your meditation training, master—” Snoke had silenced both with nothing more than a shift of the shoulders. That had been that, and they were dismissed. Kylo Ren had disappeared as soon as they had shut off the projection, his long legs presumably have taken him half-way across the ship by now. Hux reached his own quarters and paused before entering. He was proud, again, that Snoke would rely on him with the knowledge of the artefact. With their sole clue as to Skywalker’s location. He was pleased, in an odd way, to be trusted with the primary source material, that his contribution would not just be collating forms and hiring architects, but in actually translating the manuscript. He agreed that any project like this should be kept on a need-to-know basis, but even he, with his need for control, know that some tasks were best put to experts. Experts, plural. Hux was confident in his code-breaking and translating skills. If he had not been a General, he might have attempted a life as a codicologist. Kylo Ren attacked inanimate objects with a weapon made from cracked gems. Hux wouldn’t put money on Kylo Ren’s ability to read. “I have given Kylo Ren adequate enough skill-based training,” Hux repeated in his mind, adding a whiny tinge to his reimagining of Snoke’s voice. What did that even mean? He’d taught Kylo his ABCs? He’d read Kylo bedtime stories? He’d given Kylo a degree in Codicology from Snoke-U? Hux felt the tension in his shoulders as his anger bubbled beneath his skin. To be put on par with Kylo Ren! Hux would gladly admit Kylo would trump Hux in hand-to-hand combat, force or no force, but in academic fields, Hux thought he could relax, could feel that smug entitlement one felt at being educated, of having studied. Hux was a polymath: not from innate talent, like his mother. Much to his grievance as a youth, he had not inherited that particular talent from her. He had learnt his dozen languages from hard graft, until he was fluent to business capabilities. He was capable of translating (though, annoyingly, not speaking,) a dozen more. His true talent, it seemed, was in reading comprehension. He was never simply good at it, but he had tried, hard, and now here he was. Being put on par with Kylo ‘I make things move with my mind’ Ren. He took a deep, calming breath. He didn’t like to bring his anger into his quarters. Leave your anger at the door. It made for a healthier living space. He keyed in his room-code and the door slid open. Hux forgot his manifesto instantly. Forget leaving anger at the door. Forget healthier living spaces: “What the fuck are you doing in my room?” Kylo. Sat on his bed. Kylo Ren. Sat on his bed. Reading one of Hux’s books. So he could read, then. “Yes, I can read,” Kylo replied, in an extremely irritating tone, in a way that made Hux think Kylo had been privy to Hux’s entire monologue from Snoke’s meeting to now. “Get out.” Kylo’s eyes raised from the book, which he dropped on the bed next to him (carelessly, Hux thought, through gritted teeth,) and smiled. Infuriating. Hux knew what he would say before his mouth opened. “We’re supposed to be decoding a manuscript.” “Tomorrow morning. I have arranged a private meeting-room. I shall personally see that we are supplied with the adequate materials to translate the document. Get out.” “I work better at night,” Kylo said, shrugging. “And we’re supposed to work on it together.” “Get out. I have had a long day. I require seven hours of sleep. I do not require luxury while we perform this task together, but I demand seven hours of sleep. I shall not work with you beyond midnight. It is beyond midnight. Get out of my room.” “Then go to sleep,” Kylo said, picking the book up again and returning it to its shelf. Hux iched to check whether Kylo had bent or creased the pages in his treatment of it, but denied Kylo that pleasure. “Tomorrow. Morning. I shall start work on the manuscript. You may join me at whatever time you deem appropriate. Get out, Kylo.” Hux had considered finishing the sentence with ‘or I’ll…’ but he had quickly realised he had no real power to get Kylo out. He had never needed to consider such power before. How to get a large, robe-clad man who had broken into your room, out. He and Kylo shared the same rank, and no stormtrooper would put themselves on the line, he thought, to escort Kylo out of Hux’s room. At this point, Hux just hoped Kylo was capable of showing human decency. Perhaps Kylo was still listening to Hux’s thoughts, because the mischievous glint in Kylo’s eye was replaced by a somewhat humbled one. Embarrased. Good, Hux thought, be ashamed. I am tired. I shall deal with you tomorrow. Kylo nodded. “Sleep well.” Hux was still reeling at the words when the door slid shut. He prepared himself for bed in a confused trance, turning the words around in his mind. Sleep well. Sleep well? Sleep well. What strange parting words. Hux was used to receiving a quick: ‘See you tomorrow’ at a stretch, from his closest (to use the term lightly) officer. Sleep well was what one said to someone you shared a personal connection to. He could remember his mother using the words, once. Perhaps even his father when he was a small boy. He concluded that Kylo had been too tired to have realised what he had said, a slip of the tongue. A remnant of his days before the First Order. Perhaps Kylo’s mother had said the words to him before turning off the lights, ruffling his hair. Smiling. Hux exhaled, waving away the thoughts. This was ridiculous, imagining Kylo’s childhood. It mattered not. They were both stressed, it was a slip of the tongue. He lay in bed, pulling his cover over him as he felt his eyes pull shut, exhausted. He had been agitated all day, knowing that he was to have a meeting with Snoke so late in the night (time differences across universes) and had been more highly strung than usual. It was a relief to close his eyes, to let the tide of exhaustion have its way. He did not smile, exactly, as he thought about Kylo’s parting words, but that night, he did not curl into himself and wish to die. - Hux would rather die than have to put up with any more of Kylo’s insufferable commentary. Hux’s time as a codicologist had been short-lived, but he remembered the days of sitting in rooms where quiet was only broken by pages being turned, pens against tablets, the occasional sigh or pleased exhale. “ Please stop asking me what it says, Kylo. The point is that I don’t know yet.” At this point, Hux was not above begging. “Shut up and look down. We’re looking for repetitions of this phrase,” he said, pointing out the phrase he’d been staring at for three days now. His eyes were strained, despite the regulated sleeping hours, and he’d had a dull, thudding headache for the last three hours. Hux wished he had the ability to communicate with Snoke, so he could ask what , exactly, Kylo was contributing to this project other than a steadily growing migraine and tapping. Kylo was tapping his stylus against the table at an off-beat rhythm. He was the child in class that had nothing better to do than to annoy anyone attempting to work hard. To make a use of their lives. “You said you wanted to work alone,” Kylo said, thankfully putting an end to the ceaseless tap. “I said no such thing!” Hux said, voice on-edge, eyes not leaving his page of notes. “I said I wished to get a team of experts, and not have to deal with you.” Hux made a point of writing something down, as if he’d thought of something new in the last twelve hours, then frowned. “And I seem to remember thinking that particular thought. In my mind, which you should not be listening to.” “It’s hard to concentrate on decrypting and blocking out your thoughts at the same time.” Hux sighed, whatever. It wasn’t as if he had anything particularly scandalous in his brain right now, other than various expletives whenever he realised the text was using an ancient (and long-dead) version of grammar from this family of language that had gone dead for a reason. Hux wondered how long it would be until he started to pick his hair out. His final years at the academy had been… alarming. He had resorted to shaving his head before the exam, a look he was not quite willing to recreate. “Mm, I agree,” Kylo said, shaking his head. “Don’t shave.” Hux rolled his eyes and decided they needed a break. He checked the time. Early evening, perhaps time to take dinner. He hadn’t eaten last night, and he knew that had been a mistake in his ability to keep energised. “I’ll go get dinner,” Kylo said. “Take a walk.” He left in a swirl of cape and Hux was left, again, to consider the words. Take a walk? A walk? Did he look that stressed? Or sound it? He could feel the crick in his neck, sure, and rolled his shoulders to reveal an agonising pull of muscle, and the chairs of the room were not designed for twelve-hour sessions… Hux stood and felt his legs wobble. He was glad Kylo were not here to see. To laugh. He steadied himself against the table and stretched his legs, then his arms, working through various strengthening exercises until he was steady enough to do as Kylo proposed and taking a walk. He walked to his room, fed Millicent, used the bathroom and then returned, finding Kylo already starting on his meal. Hux’s had a napkin over it. To keep the heat in, Hux supposed. It was an odd sight to return to, but Hux shook it off. They ate lunch together every day, but never like this, never… opposite one another across the table, a full meal opposed to the protein-bar and designated carbohydrate lunches Hux typically favoured. “It’ll get cold if you just stare at it,” Kylo said between mouthfuls. “It’s already pretty foul, I can’t imagine what it’s like tepid.” Bizarre, Hux thought. This was bizarre. He sat anyway, removing the napkin and folding it to the side of his tray before starting. Kylo was right, the meal was not exactly appetizing, but that was rations. “You haven’t had a nice-tasting meal since you were a child,” Kylo pulled from Hux’s thoughts. “Since before you were put in boarding school— no.” Kylo frowned. “You didn’t enjoy the food given to you when you visited home.” “I don’t see how any of this is your business,” Hux said, already resigned to Kylo’s commentary. He would have to ask a force-user to train him in protecting his mind against being read. “You had trouble eating during your teen years,” Kylo noted. “At your father’s dinner parties. You preferred the bland meals at school.” “Thank you, Kylo, that’s really enough.” Kylo blinked, as if coming to himself, and had the sense to look abashed. “Sorry.” Hux carried on eating, attempting not to think about anything quite so private again this meal. “You say that as if you ate well as a child. ...Did you?” Hux asked, genuine questioning creeping into his voice. He would admit he liked to know how others grew up, how they had been treated as children. Perhaps Hux was more masochistic than he thought, but it was validating to know he not been treated well. That he had worked through oppression. Kylo simply nodded, sipping at whatever the savoury liquid they had been provided was. Hux got the feeling Kylo had eaten well during his childhood: not exactly pampered by his parents, spoiled, but fed well. Perhaps homemade food. Family meals. They both ate their rations in silence. At midnight, Hux excused himself and went to bed. As he left, he watched Kylo pick up the manuscript (so far, they hadn’t been able to think of a way of copying it without damaging, and/or missing vital parts of the document). Kylo had not been joking, that first night, Hux realised during their time together. Kylo did work better at nights. Hux would arrive in the mornings to find the manuscript on the desk alongside Kylo’s notes from the night, Kylo himself not appearing until noon. Hux would rather not think what bodily fluids the precious parchment had been tainted by in his absence, but Kylo’s notes had been sound thus far. Or were once Hux had managed to decipher those, too. Unlike Hux, who had calligraphic and easy to read handwriting, Kylo’s were like a sprawling mass of scribbles. This meant Hux dedicated at least two hours of his early morning shift in working out what Kylo had worked out, before applying his theories to his own work. Anything he couldn’t understand he left to one side, shoving his notepad at Kylo as he entered just before they ordered lunch. “I can’t tell what this says, Ren. But knowing your maturity, you’ve probably written ‘fuck the Resistance’ again.” Kylo smiled at that, a tentative laugh. It had been the most frustrating phrase to decipher: Hux had thought that perhaps the ancient document mentioned the resistance itself, and had nearly worked himself up into a frenzy. All for a quasi-teen’s practical joke. Kylo took the paper and read his notes, head cocking slightly. “It says ‘This word isn’t in the dictionary’.” Hux rubbed at his eyes and took the paper back, writing the word in his own writing on his own notepad. “Yes it is, Ren. This is its dative clause, ending with ‘-um’, try the nominative with an ‘-o’ ending.” ‘...Right,” Kylo said, very obviously not understanding a word. “Dative,” Hux explained, “Generally used to indicate the noun to which something is given? I.e. General Hux gave Kylo Ren the answer. Your name is the dative. Nominative marks the subject of a verb or the predicate noun or predicate adjective, as opposed to its object or other verb arguments…” Hux sighed. “Let’s eat lunch and I’ll explain after,” he said, feeling like he suddenly knew how his academy teachers felt. Kylo nodded, looking thankful. Since when this ridiculously important mission became a lesson in grammatical cases, Hux didn’t know, but if it would speed their work in the coming days, it would be worth it. - “I can speak six languages,” Kylo said, when they hit a particular dead spot during week two. “At conversational level. Three to fluency.” He said the words defensively, and Hux knew what he was referencing: the first day of their assignment, when Hux had gloated to himself over his academic prowess. In the last weeks, Hux had realised Kylo was not, in fact, an idiot, yet he wondered why he was so surprised at the knowledge. “My mother. Her mother. They were both royals. Government officials. My mother thought it important I speak in at least three. My father was a traveller.” Of course, Hux thought. Of course they would educate their son in languages. It made sense that the young Organa-heir would be proficient. “They didn’t anticipate my having to translate dead languages from stupid pieces of paper, though,” Kylo said, and the suddenness of the joke was powerful enough to crack a light in Hux’s eye, to make him snort a laugh. Kylo leaned back in his chair, rolling his shoulders and stretching in a long yawn. Hux watched, if only to prevent his eyes from swimming, the lines of text blurring into a mass of unintelligible letters. Abruptly, Kylo stood. He held his hand out at Hux. “We’ve managed all of three lines today. Let’s celebrate by getting smashed.” “Excuse me?” Hux asked, wondering whether he was having a stress/exhaustion-induced hallucination. “Let’s get drunk. It might make more sense.” Kylo picked up his most recent note-pad and a small segment of to-be-translated text they had copied out onto a blank sheet, other hand pulling Hux up, out of his chair. Hux, overwhelmed by their breaking of tradition (wake up, breakfast, decipher kylo, kylo arrives, lunch, study, dinner, study, bed, repeat,) allowed himself to be pulled up, hoping the material of his jacket wouldn’t crease from Kylo’s grip. He followed Kylo from the room, down halls in silence until they reached the barrack-area. “This is my room,” Hux said, standing outside his door. “I… Yes. I didn’t want to open the door without your permission again.” “Is there a reason we’re using my room?” Hux said, attempting a disdainful voice despite already inputting his room code. “It’s nicer than mine,” Kylo said, walking into Hux’s room as if he owned it. He dumped their study materials on the bed, brought a bottle of alcohol out from somewhere on his person, then nearly dropped the bottle when Millicent attached herself to Kylo’s legs. Kylo nearly jumped clear out of his skin, obviously not expecting anythnig to headbut his legs, let alone vibrate against them. Hux was more ready to smile, now, in the semi-privacy of his room. He knelt, rubbing his thumb and fore-finger against one-another to draw her attention. Millicent came, losing interest in the guest at the promise of food. “You have an infestation,” Kylo said, dread in his voice. “This is my cat.” Hux had never said the words aloud before, and felt like he were in a children’s book. It might have felt immature, humiliating, even, except that he truly cared for Millicent. “It was vibrating,” Kylo said, “Against my leg.” Hux’s lip twitched into a grin. As much as he liked Millicent, now was not the time to induce a Kylo-grade breakdown, and so he carried her away, locking her away in a room separate to his bedroom. “Her name is Millicent.” Hux said, though Kylo could probably have mind-read that from him. He went to get glasses and poured out the liquid. “To this stupid piece of paper,” he said, raising his glass. Kylo drew his gaze away from the door (currently being clawed at,) and brought the glass up in his own toast. “To the stupid piece of paper.” They knocked the first glass of liquid back, then drank slower through the rest of the night, Hux at his desk, Kylo sat on Hux’s floor with his back resting against the bed. Nearing midnight, Hux started to remove his coat, and his jacket, flushed enough with alcohol not to mind being seen in just his shirt, untucked from his trousers. Kylo had taken off his robe, and a couple more black layers, revealing an almost storm-trooper like black undershirt and trousers. At half-midnight, Hux suddenly awoke, realising he had nodded to sleep at his desk. Kylo had moved to lying on his bed, the lights dimmed to fifty percent, and Hux couldn’t find the effort to care. “Bed,” Hux said, not really sure what he meant himself. He thought he meant that he was going to bed, but equally it could have meant ‘get off my bed’. Either way, he ended up in his bed next to Kylo, arm across his eyes to block out the dim light, then dead to the world minutes later. - Hux sat up and wished that he hadn’t. He felt wretched, like he was going to faint, the sudden lack of blood in his head making his senses spin. He gulped, his mouth dry, a dull pain behind his eyes. He felt sore. Kylo was not still in bed with him. Thank everything, he thought. He let himself lie back down, attempting not to feel like he’d been kicked in the head. He had the realisation that he didn’t know what time it was. Eyes still closed, he patted for any technology that might relate to him the time: he found his comm, which told him it was… past noon. No wonder Kylo wasn’t still in bed with him. He sat up again, this time realising there was a warm weight resting on his legs. Millicent stared back at him, just waiting for him to move so she could send disapproving looks. Sorry to disappoint her, Hux shifted and she leapt off the bed, going to find a heater to sit herself under. Hux frowned. Unless she had learnt how to unlock doors (not unlikely,) Kylo had let her out. Hux wondered whether Kylo had patter her, scratched behind her ears, or had unlocked the door and ran. The thought made him relax into the bed, imaging Kylo getting her white and ginger hairs all over his black clothing. Hux thought it was nightmare, but he was used to it and owned a variety of hair-removing products. He hoped Kylo was not allergic. He sat in bed and realised what he had thought. Since when had caring about Kylo’s comfort around cats bothered Hux? Since when was Kylo invited close enough to Millicent that it would matter? Kylo’s ‘sleep well’ from that first night came crashing back to the forefront of Hux’s memory, and he felt a lurch in his stomach that Hux had the sneaking suspicion had nothing to do with last night’s inebriation. His fingers curled into fists, nails once again digging into his palms. He closed his eyes. Supreme Leader Snoke had given them an extremely important mission. He was forgetting this. He had been allowing himself to be distracted by Kylo, to escape from the necessities of the mission. No longer. He used the refresher, got changed, and looked himself in the mirror. Game face. Today, they would crack the code. Today, they would inform Snoke that they had succeeded. As he walked to their office, Hux wondered that Kylo had left before him. It was not that Hux thought of Kylo as particularly lazy by this point, as he knew it was not entirely true, but Kylo worked better from early evening until early morning: his appearance at noon was, Hux suspected, purely for sustenance. So why would Kylo rouse himself and not Hux? Hux also thought about the work they had done last night. They had powered through quite a few tricky translations that had bested them for days, and Hux could only site the change of location as giving new insight into the text. By the time he reached the meeting room, his mind was in turmoil. How did Kylo do his translations each night? Did he sit on the floor of his own room, back resting against the bed? Did he work at his desk? Did he stretch across his bed, lying on his front, paper in front of him? The last image was the most troublesome. It brought with it connotations Hux wished he didn’t have to deal with seconds prior to seeing the man. As he walked in, Kylo looked up from his stack of papers and smiled. Hux killed any sentiment in his mind and walked towards his desk, attempting to ignore the sensation that Kylo had look crushed by Hux’s reaction. This was fine. Kylo was a distraction. They had work to do. Only when dinner had come and gone on the fourth day of this new tactic did Hux consider that maybe this was not the right way to go about this. He ripped another piece of paper and deposited it in the already-overflowing bin. Kylo hadn’t talked to him since that afternoon four days ago. Not that Hux had tried, either. The room had been visibly toxic, every silence heavy with forced solitude. Hux had been quietly attempting to train his mind, too, though he didn’t know whether it would work: attempting to build doors and locks against Kylo’s intrusion. He wondered if Kylo’s dower expression and paler-than usual tone was because he had been attempting not to listen in on Hux, and that pressure was as hard on him as he had claimed. Hux stood. No matter how trained Kylo was, it is in human nature for our eyes to be drawn to sudden motion. Kylo’s eyes flicked back to his work quick enough, but not instantaneously, slow enough that Hux caught his eye for a quarter of second. “This isn’t working,” Hux said, as diplomatically as he could. “I’m going to my room.” Kylo nodded, then carried on working. It was disconcerting to watch Kylo’s eyes move from side to side as he read the words, an odd sensation to watch someone else do. Hux closed his eyes, briefly, then cleared his throat. “You’re welcome to join me. If you would like. Perhaps with less alcohol” Kylo stopped, but said nothing. Hux, defeated, shrugged, then left, taking with him an empty notebook and a large chunk of text. He found that his room’s desk was as uninviting as the meeting room’s and so he adopted Kylo’s tactic and lay on the bed on his front. His back certainly thanked him for the change in position, and it felt more productive to be outside of the stifling room. He had just completed a sentence when there was a knock on his door and he frowned, then smiled, then frowned again. Who could it be? Kylo? Shit. He found himself running his fingers through his hair as he unlocked the door. Kylo stood, looking sheepish. Hux took a moment to think of how young they were. It seemed a long time ago that the Star Killer had been in production, and strangely longer still since its destruction. He realised, with a weird sense of guilt, that he no longer felt the black hole-like abyss in his stomach when thinking about it. The guilt, perhaps, because he had allowed himself to forget such a monumental loss in favour of pretending he were good at something. “Come in,” he said, belatedly, turning back towards his bed to see Millicent contributing to the translation efforts by lying across Hux’s freshly written notes. “Oi,” he said, instinctively reverting back to his private-time-Millicent-talk “You get off that you crappy cat, come on, shh, move.” He pushed Millicent off the bed, who took one look at Kylo, decided she had better things to be doing, and disappeared into the other room. Hux was not expecting the hand on his head. It was an odd sensation, a hand on his head. Kylo patted his hair, from behind, while Hux stared at his bed and wondered what was happening. “I wanted to know if it was as soft as I thought it would be,” Kylo explained, softly. “Sorry—” He removed his hand, quickly, when Hux stood stock still. Hux gulped. It wasn’t exactly an unpleasant experience, he thought, just an unexpected one. He wondered if Kylo was still in his mind and decided he would spare himself the trouble and repeated it out loud. “Unexpected.” He was glad he was turned away from Kylo. He wasn’t entirely sure what his face was doing right now. “Shall we continue?” Hux said, before hurrying to add: “Translating?” “Yes. Right. Yeah.” Kylo removed his robe and underrobes until he was in his more practical clothing, then watched as Hux got back into bed. “There’s… enough space, if you want to…” Hux avoided looking up, only waited until Kylo got in too, tentatively. Hux was going to blame this on the stress, he decided. The trauma of translation. He felt the cold coil of self-doubt twist inside him, trying to ignore it in favour of reworking a theory on the future participle of a word, but it was getting hard to ignore the sensation, deep within himself. Perhaps he wasn’t good enough to complete this task. Maybe Snoke had sent them some bullshit assignment to get them out of the way. Maybe he really wasn’t cut out for this job, should stop trying, should—- The back of Kylo’s fingers touched his forearm in a barely-there touch. Hux fixated on the sensation, of the cold fingers against his skin. A wordless grounding. ‘Sleep well’ meant you cared for someone’s well being enough to wish them a good night’s rest. Hux rolled over, so he was on his back, facing the ceiling. He had a moment of déjà vu, remembering being in the same position that night they had gotten drunk. He remembered a weight across his stomach, like Millicent but lighter. Kylo’s arm draped across him, Hux realised. He wished for that now, some comfort, some form of human contact. Hux wanted to ask if Kylo was in his mind when his arm did just as Kylo had requested, though tentatively, tentatively enough that it seemed Kylo wasn’t sure how Hux would react. When Hux didn’t immediately throw him off, Kylo wrapped tighter, closer, work completely forgotten. Hux took a deep breath. How… strange. To be being comforted by Snoke’s pet disciple. By his co-commander. By his fellow translator, in his bed. To be calmed from a bubbling panic. Hux allowed Kylo to stand, briefly, to put away their work, to dim the lights. Once he returned, Hux closed his eyes, lay on his back and took soft breaths until he fell asleep, feeling the off-beat rhythm of Kylo’s fingers tapping a pattern on his chest. Bizarre. Comforting. - “I’m fucking done with this useless piece of paper!” Kylo’s chair was on the floor, there was paper everywhere and Hux’s head was ready to burst with unpronounceable, untranslatable words. He understood with dawning horror that Kylo was reaching into his robe far, far too late to stop what was about to happen— “No, no, Ren, put away the lightsaber— Not the parchment! No!!!……” Tatters of flaming paper fluttered to the floor. They both watched it do so. Something deep within Hux’s heart cracked, completely. The black hole in his stomach disappeared. Hux rubbed at his eyes. Nearly a month’s worth of work. They’d completed the translation. Only, they’d read it through, and decided to retry the translation. “This document is part two of the manuscript. For directions to Jedi Temple, see part one. This document discloses the sewer system to the temple, as well as the efficient recycling capabilities…”