Kylo Ren, now Mr Ren, was the Resistance High School's relatively new art teacher, who today, had been working there for a few weeks. He very much enjoyed teaching the students, but equally enjoyed his breaks in the art's staff room, even if he didn't talk with many of his colleagues unless he needed something from them, most likely for a lesson. Some days he would be strict, but most days he was friendly with students and gave helpful advise on art projects they were doing. He himself was a very talented artist. Later that school day, Kylo and his colleagues were informed that they would have a new larger staff room, but it would be shared between Art and History, because of the classroom shortage. Kylo shrugged this off as he didn't really care much. He was there to teach, it didn't affect him. So he continued his day like normal until 5th period was over, when he let his students out for their half term break. - Hux was rather annoyed at this new notion, but let it be. He didn't have time to be sulking about this new change in rooms. Yes, it made sense to merge the two for another few classrooms to be made, but why did it have to be art. Hux never went anywhere near the art teachers - if he needed something from art, he'd send a student. It's not that he didn't like art, no, it was them. The teachers. He felt they had the most laid back jobs ever, that they barely had to do anything. He'd have to live with it, however irritating it would get. - At the Resistance High School, there were many students, ranging from year 7 to year 11. Rey, Finn and Poe were all in year 10, and were the closest of friends. Poe, almost being old enough to be in the year above, was very protective over his friends. If anyone even attempted to hurt Rey or Finn in any way, he would stop them at any means, despite Rey and Finn being able to protect themselves. They were relieved that today they would finally have a week off. Even if it was a short amount of time, it was still a week break from school. The three of them met up after school. "This week went so slow," Poe groaned. "Especially with Mr Hux last period." "I know, he never lets us do anything fun last lesson before a holiday," Rey complained, walking on the left of Finn. "Agreed, we should go on a strike," Finn said laughing to himself. "What, to get Mr Hux to be more of a fun guy?" Poe laughed with Finn at the thought. "Have fun trying." "At least Mr Ren was in a good mood, right Finn?" Rey took out a piece of paper from her bag. "See! He put on a film and just let us doodle for the whole hour." "True, I wouldn't have pinned him as a romantic comedy kind of person," Finn said, making Poe and Rey laugh. "You guys are lucky, while you were sitting down in art, my lungs were bursting in PE," Poe groaned again. "Miss Phasma is seriously tough on physical form." "Apparently she's good friends with Mr Hux," said Rey, confused. "I didn't think they'd be friends." "I guess that sounds right, they sometimes talk outside B corridor," Finn pointed out. "Did you guys hear?" Poe interrupted. "We're getting new classrooms because they're merging the History and Art staff rooms," said Poe with an amused look on his face. "Oh God, can you imagine Mr Ren on one of his 'angry days' meeting Mr Hux?" motioned Rey as they walked their usual route to Poe's house. "Mr Ren might break something." "I hope someone records it," Finn said with a grin. Chapter 2 It was the first Monday back and Hux had been informed that all construction was finished and the new staff room/office was completed. He was under the impression that they had all been assigned desks in the room, his being by the door and next to a 'Mr Ren'. Great, an artist. After getting ready, he drove to the school at 07:45. He liked to get there early to prepare his day. Usually, Hux was the first one there in the history department. He hoped it stayed that way to avoid any problems. Once he parked his car, he straightened up his suit and walked into the school. The change wasn't terribly noticeable, just doors in different places. A few minutes later, he found the new room and walked in, looking around for his desk. When he spotted his desk, he let out an irritated sigh. There was a man sitting in his seat. More importantly, a man he had yet to meet. Presumably an art teacher. He walked calmly to the man sitting in his chair. "Excuse me?" Hux had an angry tone, however, he tried to compose himself. The man with raven hair turned to look at the ginger. "Can I help you?" Kylo smiled. "Yes actually, you're sitting at my new desk." Hux rolled his eyes. This was the last thing he needed on a Monday morning. "I don't see your name on it." Kylo smirked, although he felt his usual anger bubbling up. "This was the desk I was assigned, yours is next to mine." Hux pointed at the desk to the right. "See, right there." Kylo looked at the desk and groaned. "Fine." He stood up and faced Hux. "I'm Kylo Ren, nice to meet you," he said with a sarcastic tone. Hux glared at him, then lifted the angry look. "Hux." "What, just Hux? I am an adult, you know, not a student." Kylo didn't laugh, but smiled at the man. "I know, it's just Hux please. Now if you'll excuse me, I have work to do." Hux sat down at his desk and began planning his day. He wondered if he'd make it to the end of the school year sitting next to this asshole. - Poe and Rey walked to school this morning. Finn was off sick, and while they wanted to stay at his house all day and look after him, he insisted they went to school. It took them the usual 20 minutes to get to school. The two had very deep talks about the Galaxy and our universe; a beat boxing and rapping session; worrying about Finn and texting him to see if he was ok and the usual 'did we get homework for this lesson' talk. "Back to hell." Rey looked up at the gates and groaned. "I don't want to go." "I know, the worst part is, today is the most awful day for lessons." Poe took out his time table. "I mean, who thought it would be clever to put us in double history with Mr Hux first thing on a Monday. Double history ." "It's the devil's work, I'm telling you." The two walked in and moved straight to their first lesson, despite being 10 minutes early. On their way, Rey had a glance in the new office room and stopped Poe. "Look Poe, Hux and Ren are talking. Mr Hux looks pissed off, and more than usual." Rey sneakily had a look through the small square of glass on the door. Poe waited then looked after Rey. "Oh my god, we called it." Poe laughed and continued walking with Rey down the corridor to their classroom, where they stopped outside. "Finn is so lucky, missing double history." Rey pouted. "I know, but we need to take care of him. He's sick and we can't have a sick Finn." Poe smiled as people started standing around the door, waiting for the first bell to ring. Chapter 3 It had been a few days since their first encounter. Hux and Kylo both arrived the same time every morning and said their same bitter hellos. In the half an hour they sat at their desks preparing lessons and what not, they would sit there next to each other, mostly in silence. Hux would never admit this to anyone, not even himself yet, but he found himself glancing discreetly at Kylo when he wasn't looking. The man had lovely eyes, he thought, like there was a whole other planet in them. Thinking this, Hux mentally slapped himself and continued working. Hours later that day, during lunch, Kylo wasn't at his desk like usual, so Hux ate on his own. He was supposed to hate Kylo, that's what he felt when he first met him. The ginger haired man knew he still hated him, however, deep down he knew he had very slight feelings for the man. No, he did not have a crush. Hux didn't get crushes. He crushes his enemies, yes, but does not get crushes. Especially when they are that asshole art teacher who sits next to him in the staff room, with his luscious black hair and broad shoulders... Hux shook his head again. He hated Kylo Ren. There was only hate, nothing more. Minutes later, Hux finished his lunch and decided to finish some marking before lunch was over. He had twenty minutes, plenty of time. However, soon he became distracted. Mr Ren still wasn't back at his desk. Hux looked at the door, then with discreet movements, had a look at Kylo's desk. There wasn't a lot of things there, and it was fairly messy and unorganized. He snarled. Piles of books, some pens, a sketchbook and a mug of coffee. Hux's curiosity got the best of him. Swiftly, he picked up the sketchbook and started to flick through. He was taken aback. Kylo's drawings were absolutely gorgeous, they were so delicate and detailed. There were many drawings of galaxies and landscapes, then some human portraits. Flicking through, Hux marveled at the likeness to real people his drawing's had. Then he got to the most recent drawing and his eyes widened. Raising his hand to his mouth, Hux ran his other hand along the paper. He felt a blush creep along his cheeks. It was him. The drawing was of him, and it was beautiful. So well drawn, he even painted some of it, keeping the edges of the lines precise and perfect. The hair was a vibrant orange, with thin paint strokes. Hux knew he was blushing even more than before and tried his best to hide his face. Why on earth would Kylo draw him?! Him . Before he could think about it anymore, Hux felt a tap on his shoulder, startling him. He turned and saw the only other history teacher he really liked, Mr Mitaka. "Dopheld, you scared me," Hux shut the book and placed it on Ren's desk quickly. "Can I help you?" "No thank you, Hux. Just wondering if you're ok," the teacher smiled. "I heard an odd squeak sound and I recognized it as you." "Oh..." Hux, again, mentally hit himself. "I'm fine, thank you, not to worry." Mitaka rested a hand on Hux's shoulder softly. "Alright, if you need anything I'll be at my desk." He beamed and walked away from Hux towards his desk. Mr Mitaka was a marvelous teacher, despite his slight bashfulness in some situations. He was a student favourite, and it wasn't surprising seeing as he was kind, cute and a good teacher. Before Kylo walked in the room, Hux made sure the sketchbook was in the right place again. Hopefully he wouldn't notice anything. When Kylo sat down, Hux badly wanted to ask him about the drawing, but he would be caught if he did. He tried to find his way around this problem. "Afternoon Kylo, how are you this lunchtime?" Hux turned to look at Kylo, trying not to get caught in his eyes. "Can't complain, had to run the art detentions again. I hate it," Kylo groaned. "I ate my lunch at the front of the class and the students were looking at me as if they wanted to eat me." Hux, without any control of his actions, let out a small laugh. "I've been there, it's always fun eating your lunch in detention." Kylo nodded and laughed softly. Hux was still trying to figure out how to weave his way around asking Ren. "Kylo? Is that a sketchbook on your desk?" He blurted out. "Not that I care about it, or you. I was just curious." Kylo looked at him, raising an eyebrow. "Yes, it's mine. Nothing really special in there, just some doodles." Doodles . Fucking doodles. Did he just say that? Those masterpieces were far from doodles. "I'm sure they're good, could I take a look?" The dark haired man looked away and felt his cheeks go ever so slightly red. "I could show you some, but I'll pick. I don't want you seeing anything awful," He smiled and picked up the book, flicking to his favourite painting he did of a night time landscape. "This is my favourite." Hux looked at the piece for the second time, gazing at the brush strokes. "It's amazing, how do you paint like that?" "Practice, I suppose," Kylo felt happier at the positive comments. "Wait a minute, I thought you hated me?" Kylo smirked. "I do hate you, very much," Hux stopped as he realized how childish he was being. "No... I don't hate you. I hated you at our first encounter, but you've grown on me." Hux found himself involuntarily smiling like an idiot. "That's good, I like you too Hux. You're a good friend," Kylo closed the book and placed it back on his desk. Friend. Hux didn't think that would hurt as much as it did. Did he want to be more than friends? He sighed. "Maybe you can teach me to paint someday." "I'd like that," Kylo smiled at the teacher and took out some books he needed to mark, despite there only being a few minutes left of lunch. Hux found himself admiring Ren again, before jerking his head back and finishing his marking. His phone vibrated on the desk. Hux snatched it and looked at the text, which was from Mitaka. Mitaka: I see you staring at him, something you should tell me..? ;) Hux: Shut it "You have friends?! That's a surprise," Kylo joked, laughing. Hux rolled his eyes. "Yes I do, thank you very much, ass." Chapter 4 Today was the slowest day for Hux. He had his least favourite classes, the one's who wouldn't keep their mouth's shut and interrupted every second they could. He groaned and continued to teach history to his students. As he typed consistently on his computer at the front of the class, he heard snickering in the back of the class. Immediately he rolled his eyes and knew who it was. Swiftly, he stood up and walked over to the cause of the noise. "Mr Dameron, is there something funny you'd like to share with the class?" Hux snarled, looking down at the boy. "Are you doing the work I set?" Poe looked up at him and tried his best not to laugh further. "Nothing sir, and look I am doing the work!" He pointed at his book and the small amount of writing there. "I see, well if you could keep your laughter to a minimum I'm sure the whole class would appreciate it." He looked over at Finn who was sitting at the desk Poe was, next to him. "Keep it down you two, or I'll move you." He left and walked back to his seat, assuming the laughing would pick up soon after. They were both very clearly still talking, along with Rey who was sat fairly close to them. He decided to leave it. Hux really wasn't in the mood to raise his voice. - Once back at the office a few hours later, Hux sat at his desk and ran his hands through his hair. The day was almost over, he wouldn't have long to wait. Kylo came in a few minutes later and sat at his desk putting a pile of books there. "Afternoon Hux, how's your day going?" He smiled. "Pretty awful, I've got so much marking to finish. My stressful classes don't help with that," Hux sighed and looked at the other man. "How about you?" "It's been okay, relatively easy day. But you don't want to hear about my day, you're feeling down. Meet me here at the end of the school day, alright? I wanna take you somewhere fun," Kylo opened his books and started looking through them, smiling at his students work. "What? Wait, where are you taking me?" Hux raised an eyebrow in confusion. He wanted to go with Kylo, yes, but he had no idea where he wanted to take him. "Don't worry, it'll stress you out more, it's really fun though you'll love it," Kylo stopped. "Well, you might not, but I want you to have some fun so I'm taking you regardless of what you say." Hux rolled his eyes, then let it go. He liked Kylo and he never had any fun. Why not? "Okay, I'll be here then." "Good," Kylo smiled to himself. He couldn't wait. - Once the school day was over, kids were running out to get home as fast as possible. Hux was walking back to the staff room, anticipating where on earth Kylo would take him. He really was hoping it would be somewhere nice. Once he got there, he opened the door, walked inside and began preparing his leave. Kylo walked in soon after. "Hey Kylo, ready to go?" Hux smiled, which was odd for him. He rarely smiled. "Almost, just gotta put some of these books in my bag." Kylo said as he stuffed his backpack with books and other work he had to finish. "Okay, I'm ready!" The two walked out together, Kylo with his backpack and Hux with his leather satchel. "I've got my car with me, is this place far?" Hux looked at Kylo. "Do you have a car here?" "Oh, I walk to school every morning, so I don't have a car here. I have one, for longer journeys." Kylo said with a happy tone. "If you could drive, I'll give directions? It's not very far at all, maybe ten minutes." "That sounds good," Hux replied, unlocking his car and climbing in, waiting for Kylo to get buckled up before he drove. - After about ten minutes of driving, Kylo giving directions and a lot of laughter, they reached the destination. Well, the car park. Hux still had no idea where they were going. Kylo brought him around a corner where Hux saw the sign for the building. Roller world. "Kylo please tell me you're not taking me in there," Hux looked over at Kylo with an unamused face. "I can't skate." "I'll teach you then," Kylo dragged Hux in by the arm, then walked up to the lady at the counter. "Two to skate please." He smiled and pulled out his wallet. "I can pay for my half Ky," Hux reached for his pocket. "No, don't worry, I'll pay," Kylo gave his card and payed for the two of them. Hux knew Kylo wouldn't let him pay, so he let it go. Once he payed, they both went to the other counter and hired their skates. They sat down to put them on. "Can you skate Kylo?" Hux tied the lace on his skate. "Of course I can, I come here a lot," Kylo pulled his skates on quickly and waited for Hux. "Come on grandpa." "Okay okay, they're on," Hux said attempting to stand up, but fell forwards straight away into Kylo. He caught him and laughed. "Oh gods I can't do this." "Yes you can, I'll help you come on," Kylo put an arm around Hux and pulled him onto the rink. There weren't a lot of people on the rink, most people holding onto the bars. Some were experts, in the centre. Hux was terrified. He couldn't skate, it was funny. He kept falling and having Kylo help him. "Everyone's watching you fall, it's quite funny," Kylo chuckled and pulled Hux up again. "Shut up, asshole," Hux said in a whispered tone, conscience of the kids in the rink. "Here," Kylo reached out his hand and held Hux's, pulling him along. Hux held his hand tight and felt that blush come again. They were holding hands. Hux had a stupid grin on his face as he tried his best to skate properly. "Look Hux, like this. You just gotta push outwards with each foot, make it feel natural," Kylo was skating so perfectly with no faults, it made Hux fall for him even more. "I think I'm getting the hang of this," Hux did what Kylo said and felt his feet moving more naturally. "So I can let go of you?" Kylo teased, clearly not letting go. "No no! Please don't," Hux knew he would fall if Kylo let go, but he secretly loved holding his hand. Suddenly the music in the hall changed from the pop music that Hux couldn't stand, to a slow song. The lights began to dim and the disco ball span above them. "This is nice," Hux looked up and around, marvelling at the lights and the atmosphere. "Mmm, it is," Kylo looked at the man, putting a hand on his small waist. Hux looked up at him and smiled. "What are you doing?" Hux laughed softly, moving with Kylo. "Skating, what're you doing?" Kylo laughed with him as the lights turned on again and that god awful pop music started. - An hour more skating later, Hux's ankles were aching. They put their skates back and got back into Hux's car. "What did you think of that? Did you have fun?" Kylo did his belt up smiling at Hux. "It was surprisingly fun, thank you Kylo," Hux started driving still thinking about the slow music and Kylo's hand on his waist. Surely he didn't like him like that, right? "So, d'you want me to drop you off at your house?" Hux asked him politely. "Sure thing, I was actually wondering if you'd like to come in for a drink or something?" Kylo asked sweetly. "Really? I'd love that," Hux answered a little too quickly for his liking. "Cool, take this next left," Kylo smiled. Hux thought he would do it tonight. He would tell Kylo about his feelings. Even though he was awful at doing that. He couldn't do it. But he wanted too, he needed to tell him. Why was this so difficult? Chapter 5 After ten minutes of driving, they reached Kylo's house. Hux parked the car outside, locking it once Kylo shut his door. Kylo's house was relatively small and close to the school which was helpful for him. Hux followed him to the door, waiting for Kylo to unlock it. He opened the door and the two walked inside, Kylo locking the door once they were both in. "Where can I put my coat, Kylo?" Hux asked politely. "Here, I'll take it," Kylo smiled as he took Hux's coat and walked into the living room, placing it on a hook on the wall. "You can sit down on the sofa in here, Hux." He motioned for Hux to come in. "Okay," Hux took his shoes off then walked into the living room, taking a seat on the comfy sofa. He sat up, waiting for Kylo. "What would you like to drink Hux? You're a classy guy, right? I've got a bottle of red wine from when my parents last visited," said Kylo. "That sounds great, Ky," Hux stopped after what he said. Did he just call him Ky? Where did that even come from? After a couple of minutes, Kylo returned from the kitchen with two glasses, half filled with red wine. He placed them on the coffee table in front of the sofa and sat down on the other side of the sofa. "Here you are, I hope it's ok," Kylo said, leaning back into the sofa. "That's lovely thanks," Hux brought the glass up to his lips and took a small sip, putting it back on the coffee table afterwards. "I have to ask, Kylo, why did you take me roller skating? I know it was for fun but why that in particular?" "Well, when I was younger my parents would take me skating all the time. Mom was and still is amazing at it, so she wanted to teach me. My dad was awful, but it used to be a lot of fun because neither of us could do it," he laughed remembering the memories. "We used to fall over every time, my mom would laugh at us and eventually we both ended up being pretty good at it. Thought I'd take you somewhere close to my heart." "That's nice of you, Kylo," Hux smiled and held his drink again. "What got you into teaching, then?" "I love art, so why not do a job where I can do it all the time?" Kylo chuckled and drank from his glass again. "Can I... show you something?" Kylo stood and rummaged through his backpack. "Of course," Hux was a little confused, but patient. Kylo walked back and sat down with a sketchbook in his hands. It was that sketchbook. "This is my sketchbook, the one I showed you a few days ago," the dark haired man opened it and nervously flicked to the drawing of Hux, then the page after which was, again, another drawing of him. Hux looked at it, surprised again. "I don't want this to seem creepy, but I drew some pictures of you. See?" He handed the book to Hux. "Wow..." Hux once again was amazing by his work, but more the fact he'd drawn him again. Multiple times. "These are incredible, Kylo. They look just like me." He ran his fingers along the lines. "Why draw me though? Out of all the people in that school, why draw me?" Kylo took a breath. "Because I like to pick muses with... nice faces," He took the sketchbook back and smiled, still nervous. "You think I have a nice face?" Hux's eyes widened again. Did he just say that? "Yes, well it's more than nice, you're very handsome.." Kylo's eyes trailed down, avoiding contact. Hux was completely speechless. He honestly had no idea what to say, so he blurted out the first thing that came to mind. "You're far more handsome than I, have you seen your face?" There it was, he felt his cheeks burn up. Kylo put his drink and sketchbook down on the table, and moved closer to Hux. Quite a bit closer. Hux looked up at his face, then found his eyes trailing down and landing on his lips. Those luscious, beautiful lips.. "What are you doing..?" Hux didn't wait for an answer. He pulled Kylo by his shirt causing their lips to collide. Kylo had his eyes open for a second with surprise, then closed them and kissed Hux back, passionately. The ginger slid down and let Kylo move on top of him as they continued to kiss. After a few minutes of making out, Kylo looked down at Hux. "Can we move somewhere with a little more space?" He moved his head down and kissed Hux's neck, causing him to tilt his head back. "L-lead the way-" Hux involuntarily let out a quiet moan after Kylo bit softly under his collar, which Hux felt might bruise later. Kylo stood after this and took Hux's hand, walking quickly up the stairs to his bedroom. Moments later Hux pushed Kylo against the door, kissing him again as they fell through to the room. - They woke up earlier the next morning at around 6:30 am, when Kylo's alarm went off. Kylo woke and turned his alarm on snooze, something he rarely did, as he wrapped his arm around Hux again. They finally got up after it went off again. Hux looked at Kylo and remembered what happened as they were both still naked under the sheets. "We had sex on a school night." Hux looked disgusted, then found he didn't care much. He felt happy for once. Kylo laughed at his comment. "Yes we did, you baby," He leaned over and placed at chaste kiss against Hux's lips before getting out of bed. "Come on, I'm having a shower. It'll be quicker if you join me, but no funny business, Mr Hux." Hux smirked. "Of course not, Mr Ren. I promise," He shot up and followed Kylo into the bathroom. - The two were dressed and ready at around 07:20, after a seemingly innocent shared shower. Walking out of the door, Hux with his satchel and Kylo with his backpack, they both got into Hux's car. Once sat down, Hux looked in his window mirror and saw a couple of small marks on his neck. He ran his fingers along them. "Kylo! I can't cover these up," Kylo laughed. "Good, now everyone will know you're mine, no one else's," He smirked, sitting back in the chair as Hux started driving. "They don't have your name on them, do they?!" Hux sighed, then laughed softly. "I'll get you back next time." "Sure you will," Kylo smiled, looking out of the window as they neared the school. Chapter 6 Not long later, Hux and Kylo reached the school after a few minutes of constant flirting and bad puns from Kylo. They both walked to the staff room and began to prepare their lessons for the day, Hux trying not to be distracted by Kylo. He ended up hitting him multiple times until Mr Mitaka walked in to start his day, kindly greeting the two. - The day went relatively quickly for Finn, Rey and Poe. It was now fifth period, where they had history. "We're getting our assessments back guys, how d'you think you did?" Poe questioned, standing outside their door as they waited for Mr Hux. "I think it went okay, I flunked the last question though," Rey groaned as she saw Hux walking down the corridor towards them. "I'm sure you did amazing Rey, you too Poe," Finn smiled as they walked in after their teacher. The three friends sat in their usual places, Finn next to Poe, Rey on the other side of Finn. "Right class, you will be receiving your assessments today and I have to say I am overall very pleased with the results," Hux stated, walking around and handing the papers out to everyone. "If you could take a look at your improvements and act on some of my feedback, that would be super." Poe looked over at his friends. "He seems happy, too happy. That's not usual," He whispered, not wanting Hux to hear him. "It's scaring me," Finn replied, keeping his voice low. Rey looked at the ginger haired man who had turned around to answer a student's question. She spotted the two marks on his neck and looked quickly at Finn and Poe, pointing at her own neck, then Hux, trying to get her point across. The two boys looked at their teacher wide eyed. "Is that what I think it is.?" Rey muttered, looking somewhere else when he handed their papers to them. Once he left, Poe replied. "Mr Hux has hickeys on his neck. Hickeys . At least that's what they look like," Poe whispered, snickering quietly. "Mr Dameron, again, enlighten me on what is so funny," Hux had a much less angry tone. He was far too happy to raise his voice at his students. Poe tried his very best not to laugh, it was a struggle considering Finn and Rey were on the verge of laughing also. He also struggled not to look at Hux's neck, which would cause him to burst out with laughter. "Nothing sir." He grinned. "Alright, please get back to work," Hux looked at the boy, confused again, then continued walking around his class, assisting students who were having trouble. - "So, Mr Hux got laid last night. Who was it hmm?" Poe laughed as the trio sat down in their cafeteria to eat lunch. "No clue, he seemed completely different though. I like the new hickey Hux," Rey chuckled as she took a bite out of her sandwich. Finn looked up and saw Mr Hux and Mr Ren looking at the food choices while talking with each other. "Guys, he's there now, look! He's with Mr Ren." They looked at Hux, who for the first time they'd ever seen, was laughing. "Surely not Mr Ren? I thought they would despise each other," Poe looked thoughtful as he drank his water. "It can't be him, but I can totally believe Hux being gay. That's believable," The three laughed at Rey's comment and finished their lunch together. Chapter 7 Before long the next school week came along. Hux had changed significantly as a teacher, he was far less harsh. Constantly in a happy mood, which confused the students a great deal, however, nobody complained. They were just happy to have a kinder teacher. As for Mr Ren, he was the same as always. Again, no student complained. The Monday back in the office certainly was quiet at first, only Hux had arrived at 07:30. His eyes continually rolling across the clock, wondering when Kylo would be here. It was boring without him. Scarcely any light emitted from the windows, creating a dark office. Hux almost preferred it like this, despite how sore his eyes would become. It was now ten minutes later and still no teacher appeared. He had heard people outside walking, but none were him. Looking over and planning his day wasn't the same without him. Hux began to question whether today was a school day. Moments later, Ren walked in backpack slung over one shoulder. "Good morning gorgeous." He smirked as he walked to his desk, putting his bag under the desk. "Hello Kylo," Hux retorted rolling his eyes. He spun around on his chair so he could see Kylo. "How was your weekend?" The only thing Kylo managed to reply was, "Boring," before he climbed onto Hux's lap and started kissing his lips hungrily and eagerly. Hux's eyes widened but soon closed as he kissed Kylo lovingly. Minutes passed and Hux was pulled out of his dreamy state as he realised where they were. He retracted his lips away from Kylo's. "Kylo someone's going to come in. Plus, aren't there cameras in this room?" "Course there aren't, plus nobody will come in, I locked the door," He whispered before moving to place kissing along Hux's jawline. "You locked the d- ahh..." Hux tilted his head back, his face flushed when Kylo bit softly at his neck. He knew they shouldn't be doing this here. It was the worst place to do this. All of a sudden they heard a knock on the door, causing the two men to jump in fright. "See, go unlock the door and stop distracting me." Hux gave him one last kiss before letting the man drop off his lap and answer the door. "I distract you anyway," Kylo winked playfully and turned around to unlock the door, hoping it wouldn't be suspicious the two were in the office. Alone. With the door locked. Hux rolled his eyes yet again, looking to see who was there. Thank god. It was Phasma, wearing her usual shorts and sport shirt. "Hux? Are you in here? Oh there you are. Hello Kylo." She entered the room and shut the door behind her, Kylo standing adjacent to her and equal to her height. "Why was the door locked?" Hux thought for a moment, trying not to blush further than he already was. "Ren locked it by accident." She glared at him, eyes squinting. "So, how did you guys hook up? Has Hux used his bed skills on you yet Kylo? Oh my god, Hux." She looked at Kylo, who couldn't keep his face straight. He couldn't help but laugh, knowing very well Hux was giving him a death stare. "No! I will not give that information. It is private." He shook his head with his eyes shut. Before he could turn around and continue with his work, Phasma spoke again. "I saw the hickeys, Hux. So did some students of mine, apparently. They're all trying to guess who you fucked." At this, Hux was furiously red. "What?! Who told you that? How do you even know they are?" He felt slightly embarrassed, then found he didn't care much anymore. "I'm a P.E teacher, Hux. The kids love me, they tell me everything." She smirked, looking at Kylo who found this whole conversation rather amusing. Hux sighed. "Who told you?" "I won't tell you that, I believe she's one of your students though." Phasma replied. Hux groaned and covered his face with his hands. "Whatever, I've got work to do now. I'll see you later, Phasma." "Later losers," she said, strolling out of the door and back to her office. Kylo walked back to his chair, taking his seat. "Haha, turns out those hickeys didn't go unnoticed, hmm?" He smiled and kissed Hux's cheek apologetically. "Shut up, asshole." Hux frowned, getting back to his work. "I love you," Kylo grinned, trying to get his attention again. Hux sighed. "I love you too, Ky," He replied with a smile on his face again. Just as students and teachers began to enter the school, when both the teachers were prepared for the day, Kylo turned to Hux. "I can tell you now it was Rey Skywalker who told Phasma," Kylo pointed out, standing up to go to his first lesson. "Was it really? Alright, I won't say anything, but I've got my eye on her. And you - no more hickeys," Hux said with a hushed tone so no teachers in the office would hear. "I can't promise anything," Kylo smirked yet again as the two walked out of the office.