Observe and Report A good soldier on the field is observant of her surrounds - what was coming behind her? Nothing. She walked through the thick undergrowth and kept her eyes wide open - the was a lot of debris from a felled craft, one of their own. A flash of red caught her eye - not fire or debris at all. Just a small tuft poking from under a piece of smoldering wreck. Running up to it she grabbed it and flung it clear off. Hux was pinned under but not gravely hurt, just stunned and surprised to have made it out of a devastating crash alive. Lieutenant Hux was green, but skilled enough to know to go rag doll in a crash - once he was freed he managed to stand on shaking, spindly legs. Uniform torn and nothing more than a gash on his sharp cheek, Phasma touched it with surprising gentleness, he didn’t even hiss. “Captain. We need to head to the eastern ridge.” His bright eyes looked at her thankful. That’s all she needed, they had their duties and she was glad that despite his hard fall the young officer was devoted to his above all else. “Are you armed?” “No, lost it in the crash.” She reached down to her boot shield and handed him a small blaster rifle she kept there. “Don’t loose it.” She walked ahead to where the rest of the Troopers were engaging resistance. She felt the vibrations of the blaster she’d given him pass skillfully past her, clearing her way as she progressed, a sniper fell from above. She stepped over the dead man as Hux protected her. His own way of saying thanks for rescue. It was a language she understood, thankful that the handsome young man knew how to speak to her. Chapter 2 : Signal to Proceed Summary: Phasmum Mode - she takes care of her own. Observing patterns of behaviors was part of the way she kept a reign over her troopers and assessed what state they were in. Body language mattered when her men and women were depersonalized by their helmets and uniforms. Phasma has been around them since she was a child she knew how to read this subtle but simple language. Parade drills ran like clockwork, she paced up and down inspecting row after row of almost identical troopers, pausing at one man who was obviously resting all his weight on one leg. He straightened to proper parade stance when she stopped but she knew that was enough to get him sent back down to reconditioning. Concluding her work she went back to Command deck to report to General Hux. Faces were another language, her superiors all had tells and gives and they wore them so obviously, at least to her. The General had been standing at parade rest since she last reported to him at the first shift and seemed to have not moved since. With the destruction of the Starkiller Base and the scolding from the First Order Admiralty they were both lucky to still be at their jobs and titles and not demoted or against a wall. This had driven Hux to double down on everything from Stormtroopers to the lowliest sanitation droid, pressing down hard on everyone under his command and himself especially. Phasma knew who was being pressed the worst - from the way his fingers tremor viably under his gloves, the way his skin clung to is bones as he refused every obligatory meal break and his eyes were dark and hard. No one was being punished as hard as Hux was punishing himself. As his lover, her heart twisted painfully, thankful for her helmet because she was biting her lip so hard as she approached him. Standing in the same position for too long is exhausting - so she requested that he walked with her to do a short tour of the Eastern Wing. Small things she re-introduced into their routine. The next time she had to report to him that day, she had Cornell Faden take temporary command and essentially forced the General to leave and take proper rest. He resented it but did it because he was minutes away from collapsing on the deck and that would have galled him. She could read him like no one else, so she arranged little things around him to go easier for him, like food being delivered to him with artillery reports so he could read and eat. She had droids report to her how much he ate and what he left behind, modifying the menu so he’d eat more of what he wanted and made sure the nutrient additives were upped. At night, she went to his side when she knew he was asleep, making sure he was wrapped up in a proper blanket and not just passed out face down over the bedding. One night he was shivering, she stayed with him until he stilled, as she tried to leave his arms wrapped too tight around her. Chapter 3 : Internal Affair Summary: Crack - guest staring FN-2187 “This is completely counter productive and you’re a sanctimonious arse with no vision!” She railed, helmet pulled off and slammed onto a table. “No - you are constantly re-directing resources to counter problems that would not BE there if you’d kept to the standard sim training.” “Here we go again, it doesn’t work. It doesn’t work. IT DOES. NOT. WORK!” She screamed at him. “How DARE YOU ADDRESS ME LIKE THIS CAPTAIN PHASMA - HOW WOULD YOU LIKE TO BE DEMOTED TO SANITATION OFFICER?” “I ALREADY AM AFTER CLEANING UP ALL YOUR MESSES.” It was beyond awkward - the Troopers from Phasma’s elite squadron, handpick, hand trained against Hux’s hand picked, highest rated and performing academy men. They had stood waiting for what was to be a show down against each team but nothing had even started because their respective leaders and commanders were screaming at each other. Despite being opposing teams they unanimously decided that it was probably best to slink out of the training room as ‘Mother and Father’ bickered and paid them no mind. Silently they backed out and soon only FN-2187 was the last to leave. Looking over his shoulder when the screaming had stopped, he saw Hux pinning Phasma on a training mat and Phasma’s strong legs wrapping around his waist, rolling them till she had the upper hand. FN-2187 could not get out of there fast enough. Chapter 4 : Insignia Summary: Tattoo Worship on Phasma - Phasma Worship Hux who embodies the First Order. Kissing down her chest, between her modest but soft breasts, resting his sharp cheek against her thundering heartbeat he looked up at her as she looked down at him. Phasma had many tattoos which were absolutely forbidden but each one had represented a victory for the First Order and historical victories of the old Empire. Down her stomach was a Red banner pennant with the First Order standard at the center, Hux kissed down that red path to the dark star. “I had something new done, just for you.” She smiled, inching her plain black standard panties off her hips, just above her pelvic mound was crisp but fancy text in basic that read from Hux’s point of view bowing at her pussy “Bow” and happily he did. Kissing it and then licking down to her wetness. Her hands buried into his hair, from her point of view the tattoo could be read upside down to reveal a new word ‘Hux’. Her devotion was not just to the First Order - but to the most powerful man in the First Order - so she would have his name on her skin gladly. Chapter 5 : Explains the scratches on the glossy surface Summary: For the Kink Meme - "Just these two having hurried, frantic sex in a secluded corridor somewhere with neither one removing or undoing more of their uniform/armor than is 100% necessary. " With PEGGING and COME EATING :D Uniform rules stipulated that they remain clean and crease free, Phasma would not tolerate tarnish on her glistening armor. Hux was lain' on his back, jodhpurs carefully pulled to his knees, locking his legs so he curled them up and out of the way so that Phasma strapped a silver phallus over her armor. Hux's skinny arse presenting to her, cock and balls between his clenched legs. She didn't need to prep him but she had a lot of lube on her phallus which pressed in easily into him, Hux had a little control in his hand as he held onto his legs to keep them out the way. She pounded him fast and hard, his cap set to the side out of harms way as her knees scratched against the low console Hux was being fucked roughly on. The control in Hux's hand activated a vibrating bullet nestled against her clitoral hood, as she fucked him it buzzed and rubbed against her. She silently praised the woman who had designed her armor for the moisture wicking design of her undergarments as she felt herself almost soak herself, gripping Hux's skinny exposed hips, she didn't need to see his face to know. Gripping his cock in her cold gauntlet he came with a bitten off squeak, she found him... oddly sweetly boyish as he was unbelievably ruthless and competent, that turned her on in equal measure. His come on her gauntlet, she eased out of him, presenting her palm to him to lick it clean. When he was done he stood with a wince, underwear and jodhpurs pulled up and cap pressed firmly on his head, no evidence of their copulation save for his pale face flooded red with blood and beads of sweat on his brow. "Clean yourself up Sir. We're required at the bridge in five." She marched away, Hux ducked into the officer's bathroom, washed his face, smoothed his uniform down and marched straight back to the bridge. Chapter 6 : A Funny Thing Happened on the Way From The Yondrian Genocide Summary: Prompt: "Phasma grabbing Hux by the front of his jacket and hauling him in for a steamy kiss. In public. Established relationship, ‘thank fuck you’re alive’ smooch, drunk dare, idc. + He has to go up on his toes to keep his balance/she dips him (height difference is a gift) + light manhandling + flustered Hux not quite knowing what to do with himself" To Quote George Lucas "I might have gone to far in some places". which I did - I'm sorry anon - I ruined your childhood The campaign was over, the smoke clearing and the sounds of the machines of war winding down echoed around them. Frantic klaxons now down to soft peals of beeps and boops over the command deck. Hux could finally drop his white knuckle grip on the edge of the console he'd braced against as the Finalizer had rocked sharply to the starboard side. Straightening up he pushed himself up and walked to his usual spot by the observation window and caught his face, it was pale and he was sweating - sharp eyes focused past and he watched the last TIE fighters returning. He could differentiate among them which one was Phasma's transport - Hux let himself breathe when he did. The last blast had obscured visual and radar tracking of Phasma's transport as it left the planetary surface. Marching down to the landing hanger - ships docking for refuel and hundreds of droids and medical staff organized triage for the wounded. Phasma shot out of her transport as it touched the landing pad and ripped off her helmet the second she saw Hux. Hux froze, she never took off her helmet in front of the Troopers - thousands of them now witnessed her slam into him with the full weight of her body. He braced for impact and she carefully didn't let him fall, wrapping her gauntlet covered arms around his narrow waist, careful to not make it like the man is swooning. Hux responds in turn by finding his center of balance and craning his neck as far as it would go to catch her as she surged again but this time to kiss him hard. Only when he realized his toes were scraping the ground did he gently grab at her shoulder to push her away and set him down, his mouth now swollen, rosy and very visibly slick. Phasma pulled her helmet back and straightened out the lapels of Hux's coat where she'd grabbed him too roughly. "Sir." "Captain." Hux swallowed, nodded, eyes blinking rapidly before his back straightened and salutes were exchanged. She marched off to commence her debriefs and Hux walked in the opposite direction to liaise with the TIE fighter squadron. The minute they were out of earshot and sight all the Troopers hollered, whooped and cheered. "Told you." "Bet she could suck the chrome off an Imperial transport." "Duh - that's how she got her armor shiny." "Oh for fuck's sake JM-5314 you really are thick." "AH YOU OWE ME TEN BAJILLION CHOCO RATIONS. CALLED IT. HASTAG - I SHIP IT." "God where do they find these infantile troopers?" "Shut up" "Who'd had thought it that Mr. Pole up Arse had it in him, took that like a champ..." "He probably does." "Your filthy, tell me more." "Did you read the one about the Nabooian Handmaiden and Her Majesty?" "The remake or the original?" "What do you think? The one with what's her face, the one who's in everything and sucks?" "So we're back to the sucking discussion." "True story, I've lost most of my blood, but witnessing that kiss - I've grown it all back." "You don't grow back blood idiot!" "Someone was AWOL during the anatomy reconditioning classes after the blaster in arse incident of 4478." "Never Forget." "Oh shit shut up Phasma's coming back." The injured troopers fell in reverent silence as their Captain swept past, her heavy footfalls seeming quite light. They could see Hux in one of the mezzanine levels looking down at the triage monitoring priority allocations. A tiny flicker of colour burning on his cheeks still as he watched her, he proceeded to tap beyond the surface of his screen into the air. The troopers knew.