A Peaceful Night Summary: While Luke is away on Jedi business, a peaceful night at the Skywalker residence turns into a nightmare. Notes: Before I start, I’d like to explain that for Luke’s wife and Rey’s mother, I’m operating under the theory that she will be the main character of Rogue One. Since her name has yet to be revealed, I’m using the name of Felicity Rhiaon after the actress who will play her (Felicity Jones). Felicity is the subject of some photosets and oneshots I’ve written so I will refer to those from time to time (including ones I haven’t written yet) so you might want to check them out. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The Long Way Home Chapter One A Peaceful Night We like to think that major turning points are always foretold by some dramatic sign. A birth is announced with the break of dawn, healing with a flower’s bloom, and a tragedy with a thunder storm. Perhaps that is why the metaphor of weather reflecting a situation is called a pathetic fallacy. Because frankly, it’s pathetic to think the weather cares about someone’s insignificant life. The day Luke Skywalker came into possession of R2-D2 and C-3PO started with Uncle Owen yelling at him to get up. The day Han Solo met Ben Kenobi started with yet another piece of the Falcon breaking. And Leia Organa… Well, she had always had a rather exciting life, so the fact the day she received the plans to the Death Star started by getting shot at by Imperial Forces wasn’t out of the ordinary. By all rights of literature, the massacre of the Jedi should have been marked by a hurricane, but was not. The weather had been perfect, and day free of anything but the most minor of transgressions. The Jedi lived in a community called Temple Village on the planet of Rornian. Temple Village was not an academy but rather a place to live and learn. The Jedi shared their knowledge in the Temple, which was located in the center of the village. In addition to the resident Jedi who trained there, all were welcome to come and learn about the Force regardless of their Force Sensitivity. Lor San Tekka, a friend of Luke’s and religious leader of the Church of the Force, had established a branch of the Church on Rornian specifically to encourage non-Force Sensitives to visit. Temple Village and the New Jedi Order had been a labour of love that took sixteen years for Luke Skywalker to build. Though both the village and the Order had had its ups and downs, there were few things Luke was prouder of. It was especially evident in the placement of his home. On the north edge of the village, set a few yards away from the beginning of the forest’s treeline resided the Skywalker home. It sat on a slope that overlooked Temple Village with pride. Some might have thought the placement sent the message that Luke thought himself above his students, but a well groomed path led straight from the Temple to Luke’s front door. A gate sat at the edge of the house’s front lawn, but it was ornamental, always remaining open as a symbol that no matter the hour, Luke would always welcome his students inside. Though more opulent a residence than that of the Jedi Knights of the past, the small house was relatively modest, reflecting the family who lived there. Two floors, two bedrooms for the family, and one for guests, a refresher on each level, a combination kitchen and dining room, a small living room, an office for Luke’s wife, a front and back lawn, various charge ports for Artoo, toys scattered every which way by Luke’s daughter, and a garage that usually housed Luke’s X-Wing, but that night sat empty. “When’s Daddy coming home?” Rey Skywalker – the youngest resident of the home – asked as her mother tucked her into bed. “Twenty-two days,” Felicity Rhiaon Skywalker shook her head with an amused smirk. “One less from the amount I told you when you asked last night.” Rey adored her father, and hated whenever Luke had to leave her behind. Felicity always insisted to Rey that neither of her parents would ever abandon her, but Rey was five and not quite mature enough yet to understand. Luke would always laugh whenever his wife told him of Rey’s uncertainty and say that there was nothing more they could do at that time, and that it did only made the reunions all that much better. “Why did he go away?” Rey asked. “For reasons that would only bore you,” Felicity answered. “Aunt Leia Senate stuff?” “Aunt Leia Senate stuff,” Felicity nodded. “Now enough questions. It’s time to go to sleep.” “But you and Daddy say to never be afraid to ask questions.” “Yes, but Daddy and I also know when you’re only using questions to delay going to sleep.” “I’m not doing that,” Rey tried to look as innocent as possible. “Sweetheart, I gave you that false innocence look. Don’t you dare try using it against me.” Rey pouted, “How come it works when Daddy looks at you like that?” “Uh… I’ll tell you when you’re older,” Felicity hastily answered. “Now go to sleep.” “But I’m not tired!” Rey’s declaration might have been convincing had it not been concluded with an enormous yawn. “Sure you aren’t,” Felicity dryly replied. “Okay, I might be a little sleepy,” Rey confessed. “But I would be even sleepier if I heard a story.” Felicity shook her head and smiled, “Fine, one story but then you sleep. It’ll be short, and I pick the story to ensure it is. We’re not having another ‘Mommy, tell me the entire story of Anakin Skywalker’ incident.” “Deal,” Rey settled into her bed. “Alright,” Felicity tucked Rey in, “how about I tell you about the time I led the team that stole the plans to the first Death Star?” Seven hooded figures stood on the edge of the forest surrounding Temple Village. Their focus was directed on the dormitory and handful of houses where the other Jedi lived. But one of those hooded figures – a mere sixteen-year-old boy – had his eyes locked upon the Skywalker residence. It was a place he once called home – or at least the place he lived. The house was also the dwelling of the two people he hated most in the universe: Rey and Felicity Rhiaon Skywalker. “You’re certain they’re alone?” one of the hooded figures asked the boy. “Positive,” the boy nodded. “Uncle Luke’s- I mean, Skywalker’s presence in the Force is too great for me to miss. The girls are alone.” “This is your chance to prove yourself to us, Kylo,” another hooded figure said. “If this information is wrong-” “It’s not wrong!” Kylo snapped. “I’ve upheld my end of the bargain, and I expect that you’ll keep up your end.” “We have an understanding then,” the first hooded figure said. He looked behind himself at the others and declared, “Knights of Ren! Tonight we cleanse the universe of this hypocritical, archaic teaching of the Force. If Kylo’s information proves to be correct, we will accept him into our ranks as our most junior Knight, Kylo Ren. Knights of Ren, do whatever you wish to the other Jedi, but remember that the daughter of Luke Skywalker must die! As for his wife, Rhiaon, our newest member has claimed the right to end her life. Do not fail me, Knights!” Had this moment been from a story, the battle cry would have been accented with a thunderclap. “After nearly a month of hiding out on Jakku and working for that terrible Unkar Plutt, Diego and I were finally able to contact the Alliance and transmitted the battle plans to your Aunt Leia,” Felicity concluded her story. “Then what happened?” Rey asked as if she had not heard the story a thousand times before. “Well, the Alliance sent a pilot called Shara Bey to come pick us up. Diego and I were taken to a medic ship where we recovered from the mission and mourned the deaths of our other team members. Diego finally admitted that he had respect for me, and we became the best of friends.” “And what happened to the Death Star plans?” Felicity shot her daughter a look, “You know very well what happened to the plans. They went to Daddy, who, with Uncle Han’s help, rescued Aunt Leia and brought the plans to the Alliance. But that’s another story for another night. Now, enough, Rey. It’s bed time. No more stories, no more questions, just close your eyes and go to sleep.” “Fine,” Rey crossed her arms and slumped back against her pillow with an adorably pouty look. “Goodnight, Sweetheart,” Felicity laughed and kissed Rey’s forehead. Rey reluctantly kissed her mother’s cheek as Felicity gave the covers a once over, pulling and smoothing the sheets to ensure Rey would be warm and comfortable. “I’ll see you in the morning.” “Night, Mommy.” Felicity made her way to the door and was about to push the button to turn off the lights when suddenly Rey spoke. “Mommy?” Rey’s voice was different from a moment before. It was small and sad, as if she was afraid to pose the question that had been gnawing away at her mind for weeks, “Why did Ben leave?” Felicity’s mouth went dry. How could she possibly explain to Rey what had happened to their family? “Ben…” Felicity began reluctantly. “Ben decided he had to go away for a while. He was having some trouble with accepting Daddy’s teachings of the Force.” “Like you?” “No,” Felicity shook her head. “Not like me.” Felicity’s doubts about the extent of the Force’s reach had become something almost legendary after her marriage to Luke. The Jedi Grandmaster’s wife rejecting the destiny aspect of the Force yet still having a healthy marriage with said Grandmaster was almost too hard to believe. But Luke and Felicity had long ago discussed her reasons for her beliefs and learned how to live with opposing views. Ben Solo’s views on the other hand, were a little too hard to swallow. Felicity sighed, “Rey, what happened with Ben is too complicated for you to understand right now.” Rey scowled, “You and Daddy say that all the time. I’m not stupid!” “No one said you were but there are some things about the past that you might not be able to grasp just yet. It’s why the night I told you about Grandfather Skywalker that story took so long.” Felicity muttered to herself, “Maybe if Luke hadn’t insisted on me editing out so much. Whatever happened to let’s never lie to Rey, Felicity ? Or was him saying a certain point of view nearly destroyed me just a load of-” Felicity suddenly remembered Rey was staring at her. “What I’m trying to say is that we will explain everything when you get to be a little older. Kind of like how Daddy won’t let you learn lightsaber until you’re older. We know nothing bad is going to intentionally happen, but you haven’t grown enough to know how to handle things properly and you might accidentally get hurt. But I promise you, Rey, neither Daddy or I will ever hold back information from you because we want you to get hurt. Do you understand?” Rey gave a small nod, “Yes, Mommy.” Felicity sighed, weighing her next course of action, “Maybe… maybe when Daddy gets home, you, me, and him can sit down and have a talk about Ben. Think you can wait that long?” “Twenty-two days?” “Twenty-two days.” Felicity pressed the button to turn off the lights and whispered, “Goodnight, Sweetheart. I love you.” “I love you too, Mommy,” a voice in the darkness called back. Felicity smiled, comforted by the thought that her daughter was nestled safe and sound under the protective covers of her bed. Felicity never dreamed that hours later she would be woken by Rey’s shriek as she was forcibly dragged kicking and screaming from the safety of those covers. “Come on, come on!” Luke banged his mechanical hand against the computer of his X-Wing. The words Transmission Failed blinked mockingly at him from the screen. Luke was not at home the night the Knights of Ren attacked. The Knights of Ren had timed it perfectly; they had waited for Luke to leave the small Jedi settlement without his protection. It happened the midnight of the eighth day of a month long meeting between Luke and the Senate determining the extent of Jedi authority as a governmental agent. Luke had been preparing for the meeting for over a year, and thus his focus was not on protecting his students and family. What they didn’t plan on was Luke coming home early. Luke had been woken at the crack of dawn by a Force Vision of the Temple of Rornian burning, and the residents of Temple Village slaughtered on a rainy battlefield. Immediately Luke had tried to contact Felicity, but found communications had been blocked to their home. He had spent the next hour trying every possible means of communication to Temple Village, but nothing could get through. With some profuse apologies to the Senate, Luke had immediately jumped into his X-Wing with Artoo and set a course for home. “Artoo, try the transmission again!” Luke ordered sharply, his voice getting more desperate. He waited nervously as Artoo attempted to make communication with any device on Rornian, but once again was met with failure. Despite the consistent results, Luke had been trying non-stop his whole journey home to find some way to communicate with Rornian. “Someone must have hacked into the communication center blocked the channels,” Luke muttered to himself as the words Transmission Failed refused to leave his screen. “Artoo keep trying, but connect me back with Leia in the meanwhile.” Artoo gave a few beeps, and after a minute of crackling over the radio, a familiar voice was transmitted into Luke’s headset. “Luke, this is Leia,” his sister’s voice was perfectly political – worried enough to show she cared, but strong enough to broadcast that she wasn’t shaken into a helpless wreck. “Have you had any luck?” “Negative,” Luke replied. “I’m still being blocked. Have you gotten a hold of anyone to check things out?” Unfortunately, Luke had no one he could ask to go check on Temple Village while he raced to get back. Temple Village was the only place on the planet Rornian inhabited with sentient creatures, and the only other body in the Rornian Star System was a small uninhabited moon orbiting Rornian. The surrounding systems had no one friendly to the Jedi Order, as since the opening of the Rornian Jedi Temple, the First Order had been overtaking the surrounding systems, getting uncomfortably close to Luke and his students. It was an action Leia heavily warned Luke about, but only once it had become a problem did Luke regret not doing anything about it. “None that can reach them yet,” Leia answered. “I’ve got both Wedge Antilles and Diego Nalto en route, and Han and I will set off in about an hour – I’ve just finished cleaning up the political mess you left behind and the Falcon is… well, being the Falcon .” “Sorry about leaving you with such a hassle regarding the Senate,” Luke apologized. “It’s just the vision-” “I understand, Luke. How much longer until you reach Temple Village?” “Thirty minutes.” “Alright, keep me updated on the situation.” “I will,” Luke promised. “And if you don’t hear from me in an hour-” “I’ve already got Republic troops on standby,” Leia cut in knowingly. “But I do hope this is only a false alarm.” Luke sighed, “Me too.” “Good luck, Luke. May the Force be with you.” “And with you,” Luke ended the transmission as he pulled out of hyperspace and Rornian came into view. “Artoo begin the landing cycle. Cut off any unnecessary processes, and get us home is quickly as possible.” The attack on Temple Village was so horrifying, Rey would block out most of her memories of that night. Even years later, when she began to uncover the truth of her past and the things her father had hidden from her, there were still parts of that night she could never recall. Rey didn’t know how she went from being dragged out of bed in the dead of night to laying on the training field. Rain pelted her as she looked around in shock and horror. The bodies of her friends and Daddy’s students laid unmoving around her with horrible bloody injuries. Frantically she crawled over to the nearest person, a Zygerrian named Zena Halcorr. Zena was one of Daddy’s best fighters and had helped him recruit nearly half the Order. Rey turned Zena over. Zena felt cold and had a large slash across her chest. Rey was young enough to understand injury, but as Zena’s eyes stared unseeing at the stars above, Rey didn’t understand the signs of death. To her, death was a foreign concept. She knew of death: both Daddy and Mommy’s parents were dead, and so was Mommy’s brother, a man Rey was supposed to call Uncle Brendan. Daddy’s teachers Masters Yoda and Kenobi were dead. The Evil Emperor Palpatine was dead. Mommy’s friends, Ji-Dan, Riz, and Gunner from her team to steal the Death Star plans were dead. Uncle Han often said if they hadn’t heard from Uncle Lando in several months, that probably meant he was dead (or at least in trouble.) But Rey had never encountered real death before. To her, death was simply a person going away, never to be found again. But in that moment, as she held the shoulders of Zena Halcorr, Rey was forced to face the reality of death. Death was not someone disappearing – unless you were like Grandpa Anakin, or Master Kenobi – death was an ending. A shell left behind, and an entire life coming to an abrupt halt. It was undignified, it was never by choice, and it could never be reverse. Zena Halcorr was just gone. “No!” Rey being so young couldn’t accept it. She shook Zena’s still body hard, “Wake up! Wake up, Master Halcorr!” Zena would never wake. But there was another thing that Rey failed to understand; her screaming for Zena to wake up had attracted attention. “Get down!” someone screamed at her. Rey spun around to just in time to see a red lightsaber drive through the back of a Jedi Padawan named Genko. “NO!” Rey screamed in terror as Genko fell to the ground, unmoving like Zena. Lost and disoriented, Rey rose to her feet and looked to see Genko’s source of death. Seven black clad figures stood before her in the rain, slaughtering every man, woman, and child they could find. A loud clap of thunder rang out as the rain fell upon the training field, washing away the stains of blood. In the distance, Rey saw the Jedi Temple burning, as well as her home on the slope. Looking around wildly, Rey could not see her mother anywhere. In fact, the only people in sight were the seven black figures. Of course, taking another look around at the bodies, Rey knew that there weren’t enough for everyone in Temple Village to be dead… but the number of missing people was very small. Rey was at the complete mercy of the seven figures. “MOMMY! WHERE ARE YOU?” Rey screamed for her mother, too young to understand the danger of her actions. The figure whose red lightsaber had ended the life of Genko looked to her. Rey took a few steps back in fear. For some reason, the figure seemed familiar. He started forward at her, and Rey could sense his intentions were of the Dark Side. Pathetically raised her arms to shield her face from the figure, meekly withdrawing. She barely registered that between her tears she was softly begging the boy to spare her life. “Please, no!” The figure backed her away from the battlefield until she was pinned against a trunk at the edge of the treeline. A path to her left led deep into the dark forest. It was a path she knew Mommy and Daddy had forbidden her from going down alone, but in that moment it was her only escape. If only she could get around the dark figure. “Rey,” the monster said in a mechanical voice that Rey couldn’t recognized, yet still felt familiar something, “I’m sorry. This isn’t personal.” “NO!” Rey screamed as the monster raised his lightsaber. The monster was suddenly ripped backwards, crashing back to the ground. Rey frowned, looking around in confusion before setting her eyes on a glorious sight. Daddy’s second-in-command, Jedi Master, Reine Agim had Force Pushed the monster away from Rey. “Rey! Run!” Reine yelled as she rushed towards the monster in black. Rey glanced at the monster. His helmet had been knocked slightly askew, and he was gently stirring. Black curls spilled out of the helmet, but as Reine screamed again for Rey to run, Rey took her chance. Rey dashed down the forbidden path as fast as her little legs could carry her. The monster who called himself Kylo Ren pushed himself off the ground. He fiercely swung his saber at Reine as she advanced on him, trying to drive him away from Rey. Kylo’s cousin had disappeared into the dark forest, and unfortunately his helmet made it difficult to see through the moonlit branches. With a growl, he pushed Reine back and ripped off his helmet. Tossing it to the ground, he decided it would be better if her just came and collected it again later. “LOOK!” one of the Knights of Ren shouted. Everyone looked up. A familiar X-Wing had appeared in the sky, and was preparing to land. “Luke,” Reine whispered her blade cross locked with Kylo’s. Kylo frowned, “How did he know to come back?” Reine and Kylo looked at each other. The same thought went through their minds. Kylo was quicker, slashing Reine across the abdomen before she could defend herself. She stumbled back, clutching at her wound. It was not fatal… but it was only a matter of time before it would be. Smirking at her, Kylo told Reine, “Tell my Uncle I said hello.” Then dashed down the path after Rey. Reine looked helplessly after the boy she used to call Ben. She didn’t have much time; the wound was already getting to her. There was no way she could both save Rey, and find Luke in time to help him. Weighing her options frantically, blood seeped her tunic and began staining her arm as if to say make your choice NOW. So she did. She knew that the forest had enough twists and turns for Rey to be able to shake off Ben for a while. Luke was the priority; he needed help. He needed to know what had happened, and where the survivors were. Reine turned in the direction of Luke’s X-Wing, and made a run for it. She only prayed that Luke would be able to find Rey before Ben did. Notes: Ok, I know what you’re all thinking. Isn’t this supposed to be Luke in the Force Awakens? Why aren’t we in the events of the Force Awakens? I will admit that the Force Awakens material doesn’t actually start up until roughly chapter eight as there’s a lot of backstory to set up. I really feel like I need to show how Luke got separated from Rey, how she ended up on Jakku, why Kylo freaks out at hearing about a girl on Jakku, why Luke wouldn’t go looking for Rey, and how Rey could be left behind for so long. So, I’m sorry if you have to wait a while for the actual Force Awakens material, but I’m aiming for shorter chapter for this fic that I hope it doesn’t end up taking too long to get there. Chapter 2 : Lost to Flame Summary: Luke returns to find his life's work has literally gone up in flame. The only question left is where are Rey and Felicity? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The Long Way Home Chapter Two Lost to Flame Luke could see the flames from the Temple the second he broke atmosphere. His stomach lurched at the sight. Sixteen years of hard work had literally gone up in flame. How could he have been so stupid? Why would he leave when he knew Ben was out there plotting revenge? Luke had brushed aside the thought of exactly how angry Ben could have been. Ben hadn’t left over much, but it was the culmination of the Dark that had been building in him over the years. As Luke stared at the Temple, another flame flickered in the distance. The Skywalker Residence too was burning. For the second time in his life, Luke had returned to find his home burnt down. He prayed that he would not find his wife and daughter in the same condition he found his aunt and uncle. The scene before him became clearer as his ship came ever closer to the ground. Had he not have been locked in the cockpit of an X-Wing, Luke would have vomited. Flames, blood, and bodies littered the village. Everything Luke had worked for was gone in the most violent way possible. Even worse, it was clear that the attack was targeted to Luke specifically. Only his temple and home had been set on fire; the rest of the buildings looked fine on the outside. Luke feared what he would find on the inside: especially in the dormitory and residences. Luke felt like he had been stabbed. No, not stabbed. Something much different. It felt like his hand had been cut off. Yes, an important part of him had been violently removed, and there was no way to return it. Sure, he could start anew and replace it, as he had replaced the hand he had really lost, but it would never be the same as before. A part of him was gone forever. “Artoo, contact Leia!” Luke ordered. “Tell her to send the troops immediately.” But Artoo beeped back that he couldn’t get out a signal. Luke’s communications were being blocked. “Alright, when we land I want you to get to the Communication Center and stop whatever’s blocking signals to and from the planet.” Artoo beeped back at Luke. “No, Artoo, you can’t come with me!” Luke snapped. “I need you at the Communication Center.” Artoo chirped worriedly at Luke. “Leave the attackers to me, and do what I tell you to!” Luke sighed, taking a minute to calm himself, “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t take this out on you, but I need you to listen to me. Please, Artoo.” Artoo bleeped again. “I’ll be fine. Please, go.” Artoo let out a mechanical noise that sounded very much like a sigh, and then sounded his agreement. “Alright, prepare for touch down.” Rey ran as fast as she could, darting and weaving through the dark branches. She had no idea where she was going. The monster was long gone, and she could barely see a thing, but still, she ran. A Knight of Ren was waiting for Luke. Luke had barely unbuckled his seatbelt when Zhan Ren fired a blast at the ship. Luke pulled his saber from his belt, and ignited the brilliant emerald blade as he jumped from the cockpit. A crimson blade locked with his before Luke’s feet had even touched the ground. “Jedi scum!” Zhan spat, pressing forward his advance. “Artoo! Go!” Luke easily parried Zhan’s attack, and made a quick riposte. Artoo beeped at Luke as he was lowered from the ship. He rolled straight up to Zhan and zapped him in the leg. “Stupid, Astro Droid!” Zhan clutched his tingling leg. He moved to strike at Artoo, but Luke swung at him, causing Zhan to leap back. Artoo let out a raspberry at the Knight Ren before rolling away at top speed. Zhan was a strong fighter, sparring and clashing fiercely with the Jedi, but he was no match for Luke Skywalker. Every attack was met with a solid defense. Every swing was met with a carefully timed dodge. Though Zhan’s saber moves swung forward wildly, Luke’s footwork was stronger. Zhan hadn’t realised that Luke was forcing him backward until Zhan was pinned against a tree with Luke’s blade an inch from his throat. “Kylo wasn’t joking about you,” Zhan growled. “You are a skilled warrior.” “I have no intention of killing you,” Luke calmly stated. “I don’t kill unless it’s in defense. Instead you’re going to answer a few questions. Who are you, and why are you here?” Zhan smirked, “You’re an honourable man. Too bad honour wasn’t enough to save your family.” Luke’s defense faltered, “What do you mean?” Taking advantage of the opportunity, Zhan slammed his knee into Luke’s torso. Luke cried out, and stumbled backwards. Zhan barreled into Luke, shoving him backwards, careful to avoid the still lit lightsaber in Luke’s left grip. Luke’s back hit the bark of a tree: Zhan had reversed their positions. Zhan grabbed Luke’s left hand and twisted it. Luke refused to cry out as he struggled to keep a grip on his saber. Slowly, he moved his right hand to grab Zhan’s wrist, but Zhan suddenly grabbed Luke’s head and slammed it against the tree. Dazed, Luke dropped his lightsaber, but Zhan’s assault on Luke’s hands weren’t over. Pain shot through Luke’s wrist as something stabbed him. Luke looked down; Zhan had thrust a small viroblade into the circuitry of Luke’s false hand. He tried to move his artificial limb, but it would not respond. “Think I might take the other one off,” Zhan smirked as he pinned Luke’s left hand against the tree. “Take a little trophy.” Luke tried to fight back. He used the Force to push at Zhan with his left hand, but Zhan pinning it rendered the attack mostly useless. Luke tried to shove at him, but Zhan was a man made broad by muscle, and Luke could not get the advantage. He considered kicking at Zhan, but if he lost his balance, Luke has good as dead. Screams filled the air as the viroblade bit into Luke’s flesh. Luke heard a familiar snap-hiss and an arc of yellow-green light swung across, cleaving Zhan’s head from his neck. Zhan’s body dropped to the ground, and Luke saw Reine standing before him. She held her ignited lightsaber in her right hand, as her left arm tightly gripped her torso. Reine smiled at Luke, but there was a pain in her eyes and her stature looked weak. “One down, six to go,” Reine grinned at Luke. Luke rushed forward and caught her a second before she hit the ground. “Reine!” Luke exclaimed. “What’s going on? What happened?” “I-” Reine couldn’t find the words. So she winced, and moved her left arm away from her body. Luke’s eyes went wide as they set on the large, bloody lightsaber gash. “It’s the Knights of Ren,” Reine said, struggling to hold on to life for a few more minutes. “I’m sorry, Luke. I’ve failed you, Master Skywalker.” “No!” Luke cried out. “No, Reine! You’ll be fine!” Of all the Jedi that could have come stumbling into his arms that night, why did it have to be Reine? Reine had been the first Jedi Luke ever recruited. A willowy brunette with light eyes, Reine too had fought in the Rebellion. Like with Felicity, Luke didn’t meet Reine until after the Empire had fallen. About a month after the Battle of Endor, Reine had awkwardly approached Luke, having been introduced through a friend of a friend. “It’s an honour to meet you, Master Skywalker,” Reine had said as she and Luke shook hands. “I’ve heard a deal about you.” “Thank you, Miss Agim,” Luke had nodded at her. “What can I do for you today?” “Well, this is sort of awkward, but… I think I might be Force Sensitive.” Force Sensitive she was indeed. Reine had had her suspicions for years, and after hearing of Luke’s exploits had debated whether or not to approach him for training. She eventually settled to wait until the Empire was defeated when it would be safe for her to train as a Jedi. Reine became Luke’s best friend among the Jedi, and served as his faithful second-in-command. Often she found herself in charge of Temple Village while Luke was away, and in fact had been the first person to move into residence. She had been very much a guinea pig for Luke as he learned how to pass on what he had learned about the Jedi and the Force. It had been a lot of trial and error, but Reine had been patient and a quick learner, eventually being the first permitted to take on a padawan. Luke had rewarded her by constructing the very first house of Temple Village specifically for Reine, and it had gone up before even the dorms. Of all the Jedi, Reine was the last person Luke wanted to see dying in his arms from a lightsaber wound. “It’s alright, Luke,” Reine smiled gently at him. “I’ll be alright. I’m going to be one with the Force.” “No, there has to be something I can do to save you!” Luke urged. Reine shook her head, “Luke, please listen to me. You cannot save me, but there are others you might yet. Not everyone has died tonight. Your family might be safe.” “My family?” “Zhan was taunting you,” Reine explained. “Rey isn’t dead, and I don’t think Felicity is either. Some survivors have gathered in the training gym. I think I saw Felicity among them.” “They’re not at home?” Luke felt a small weight taken off his shoulders. “Reine, what happened tonight? How do you know Rey isn’t… one with the Force?” Luke couldn’t bring him to utter the horrid word “dead” in relation to his daughter. “I saw her,” Reine replied. “She’s here, in the woods. The Knights of Ren attacked her. I tried to save Rey from them, and she ran off into these woods. You have to find her! She’s in danger! I couldn’t stop him from going after her.” “Who?” “Ben.” With one word, Luke felt his world come crashing down. “Ben?” Luke whispered. “No, he couldn’t have-” “He did,” Reine cut Luke off. “And he went after Rey.” Reine had started to gasp for air. “Luke?” Reine weakly said. “I just want you to know…” Luke felt Reine shift in his arms as her drooped shut. “What? What, Reine?” Luke shook the woman in his arms forcefully, trying to keep her alive. “What do you want me to know?” Reine gave Luke a soft smile, “It has been an absolute honour serving with you.” And with that, Reine was gone. Tears blurred Luke’s vision as he held the still body of his very first student. He felt like he was twenty-three again, and standing at the pyre of his father. Luke mourned Reine’s passing, but felt joy that she had become one with the Force. “Rest in peace, my friend,” Luke whispered, drawing the lids over her eyes. Gently Luke laid her body next to tree, making a mental note to come back for her and give Reine a proper burial. He gave himself a minute to collect himself and process all that had just happen, and then went straight into action. Luke opened the cargo hold of his X-Wing and retrieved a large grey bag. After far too many instances of kidnapping, crash landings, and other ridiculous adventures that came with being a Skywalker, Luke and Felicity had taken to stashing bags of emergency supplies all over Temple Village. Luke carried on such bag in his X-Wing at all times. It contained everything a person needed to survive, as well as various Luke, Felicity, and Rey specific items. One of Luke’s items was an emergency hand repair kit. Somehow the idea of stab Luke Skywalker in the artificial hand had become very popular over the past decade. After a quick fix of his hand, Luke threw the kit back in the bag. He summoned Reine and Zhan’s lightsabers to him. He couldn’t allow the Knights of Ren to use them against his students, and surely more Knights would come to the area when Zhan didn’t return. He put the sabers in the bag and tossed it into the cockpit. Luke quickly checked over the ship to see if anything could prevent a quick getaway. He tried not to think about the limited seating. When Rey had been born, Felicity insisted that Luke modify his X-Wing to include a second seat facing backwards. It had taken a ridiculous amount of money and work, and if the X-Wing didn’t hold such sentimental value to Luke, he might have just bought a new ship. But it all paid off and now two people could fit and make a quick getaway if needed. There had never been a question that Rey would automatically get the back facing seat, but Luke and Felicity tended to avoid discussing which one of them wouldn’t get a seat at all. They hoped never to be forced to decide, but as they were Skywalkers and Fate seemed to hate them, Luke found himself potentially having to answer that question. It was then Luke remembered what Reine had told him. Rey was in danger. Luke summoned his lightsaber from where it laid on the rain sodden ground. His eyes darkened as they set on the pitch black woods before him. Gripping his lightsaber, finger hovering over the button to ignite it, Luke dashed into the forest. He prayed he’d find Rey before it was too late. Rey couldn’t run any further. Her legs were on fire, and she wanted to throw up. Certain that the monster was gone, she came to a halt and took in her surroundings. She had absolutely no idea where she was. Rain continued to pour down hard. All around her were tall tree and sounds of unknown forest creatures. She was deep in the forest. And she was completely lost. She stood, shivering. How would Mommy ever find her now? There she recalled Master Zena Halcorr and felt her stomach drop. Was Mommy even alive? Deep in the forest she heard the sounds of war. The ping of blasters. The sizzle of lightsabers. The cries of the wounded. Death. Rey burst into tears. She couldn’t help it; the image of Mommy laying still and unseeing on the ground, skewered by a red lightsaber haunted her. She couldn’t understand. How could this happen? Mommy tucked her into bed and told her to sleep. Mommy and Daddy always promised that they’d keep her safe in her bed. Then the monsters had dragged her out of that bed. Why hadn’t Mommy saved her? Had they killed Mommy in her own bed? Mommy and Daddy had never promised they’d be safe in their own beds. Rey dropped to the ground, and hugged her knees to her chest as she cried. She wanted Daddy. Why wasn’t he here? He would tell her if Mommy was okay. He would hug her and kiss her and make the monsters go away. He would make sure she could be safe in her own bed. She didn’t hear the footsteps running towards her. Then behind her, a voice. That voice. “REY!” Rey’s head jerked up. Someone spoke behind her. Calm, kind, and eerily familiar. It was Daddy. The intense joy Luke experienced when he set eyes on Rey made him feel as if he could burst. “REY!” Luke couldn’t help but cry out. He regretted it in an instant. Someone could have heard him. Rey’s head jerked up, and she wildly looked around, glazed eyes desperately scanning the dark gaps between the slender trees, trying to penetrate the darkness. Luke wanted to run to her; sweep her up into his arms, carry her away from there, and never let her go again. But the clashing of weapons in the distance kept him in reality. Ben was nowhere to be found, and frankly Rey was so deep into the forest it would be almost impossible to find her. Luke was even surprised he found her in the first place. Luke knew what he had to do; even if it would be one of the hardest things he ever did in his life. “Stay here,” Luke ordered. “I’ll come back for you.” It was a stupid plan to leave her behind, but what other choice did he have? Stay behind with her? He had to help his students and find Felicity. Take her with him? Oh, yeah, take her to the scene of fire and death. That’ll end well. Take her to his X-Wing? Everyone had seen his arrival. They would find her far too easily. Leaving her behind was best of a group of terrible options. His little Rey whipped around to face him. Luke’s heart broke as he saw Rey’s sadness and fear shining through her mother’s eyes. It was night and too dark for Rey to see him, but she was strong with the Force, and Luke knew she could feel his presence. “Where are you?” Rey started running towards him. Luke wanted nothing more than to pick her up in his arms and whisk her away to safety. But the others needed him and Luke needed to know she was safe. He knew that if he allowed himself to hold her, he would never let her go. “I’ll come back, sweetheart,” Luke tried to keep his voice calm and level. Rey was far too young to understand. “I promise.” Rey did not want Daddy to come back. She wanted Daddy to stay. “I’m here! Right here! Where are you?” Rey yelled, trying to find him. Unwilling to taunt Rey any further, Luke rushed towards the battle. But he could not avoid the desperate pleading screams that followed him. “I’M HERE, DADDY! I’M HERE! COME BACK! PLEASE, DADDY! COME BACK!” It haunted Luke to think those could have been the last words she ever said to him. “I love you too, Mommy.” If Felicity had to chose the last words her daughter ever said to her, those words would have been perfect. But not when her daughter was only five years old. “Any sight?” Felicity’s military training had kicked in, and she requested the information as if on a battlefield… which, she sort was. “Negative,” Gavyn Kene shook his head as ghosts shone behind his eyes. “No sign of anyone but you and I.” Hauled up in the nearly empty cemetery that sat on the southern edge of town, Gavyn and Felicity held onto the hope that they weren’t the final survivors. They prayed that their families would be safe, and held onto the hope the bloomed when they had set eyes on a familiar X-Wing landing in the forest. “Felicity, you know that Master Luke is the best bet to find Rey,” Gavyn said softly. Tears shone in Felicity’s eyes as she gave a small nod, “I know.” Crouching next to Gavyn, Felicity felt selfish at being so terrified for Luke and Rey. She still had hope that her family was alive, but Gavyn… They had already discovered the bodies of Gavyn’s family. Zena Halcorr, his wife, had died on the training field. Alyla Kene, his sister, was slaughtered in the Meditation Gardens. Worst of all, his thirteen-year-old daughter, Miri, laid dead on the floors of the Healing Quarters. Felicity could see the fight had gone out of Gavyn. He clutched his lightsaber as if it were the last thing holding him to the world. His shoulders were dropped and he looked tired. It was a striking image. Gavyn had been one of the first Jedi Felicity had met. It was a long and complicated story, but Gavyn, Zena, and several others had been slaves that Felicity and Luke helped free and escape Zygerria. Gavyn had always been a fighter. Even during the direst of circumstances, he would often laugh at the others and urge them to push just a little more. To see Gavyn looking so broken made Felicity struggle to find any hope in their situation. She had no doubt that if she asked him, he would allow himself to be killed so she may escape. “Look at me, Gavyn,” Felicity ordered. In that moment she was not Felicity Rhiaon Skywalker, mother, wife, architect, and emissary. She was Rogue One, and she would always get at least one person out alive. “When I say ‘now’ we’re going to make a break for the forest. We’re going to fight with every last drop of energy we have, and we’re going to find Luke.” “There’s only two of us, Felicity,” Gavyn replied. “Seven already overwhelmed more than twenty Jedi. What chance do we have?” Felicity grabbed his shoulder, “I’ll tell you the same thing I told Diego Nalto when we had to escape the Death Star. If we can’t get out of this alive, then damn it, they’ll remember that we went down fighting! Are you with me, Kene?” Gavyn pulled out a blaster from his belt holster, “Let’s do this, Rhiaon!” They came out firing. Gavyn deflected shots with his lightsaber in his right hand, while firing at the Knights of Ren with a blaster in his left. Felicity had blasters in both hands. She had learned from one of her Death Star teammates – appropriately nicknamed Gunner – to load herself with as many weapons she could. When either the gas cartridge or power cell died on her blaster, Felicity tossed it aside and pulled out another. Though neither said it, both Felicity and Gavyn knew they had no hope of making it to the forest. It was a glorious death they sought, and sure enough, a glorious death is what Gavyn got. For twenty minutes, Gavyn dueled two Knights of Ren with his lightsaber. Felicity had her own Knights to deal with – three to be exact – so she couldn’t help Gavyn. When he was finally run through, Felicity screamed in anger, but secretly she smiled on the inside. Gavyn died with a grin on his face. Without even thinking, Felicity drew a blaster and shot dead Gavyn’s murderer. Victory was sweet, but fleeting. Suddenly she realised she was alone with four Knights of Ren. “What do we do?” Iago Ren asked their leader. “Kylo Ren has already claimed her life.” “Kylo Ren has had every chance to kill her tonight,” Cade Ren, the leader, replied. “He has earned his place as one of us but he has failed to collect his bounty. He forfeits the right to take her life.” “Cade’s right,” Baku Ren agreed. “She killed Forr Ren. She must die.” “No!” Jaek Ren objected. “We gave him the right to end her life! We must honour that.” As the Knights bickered among themselves, none noticed Felicity pulling out her blaster. They surrounded her in a circle so she couldn’t make a break for it. She knew they were about to kill her no matter how strongly Jaek was objecting. But damn it, she sure as hell would go down fighting. In a flash she had her blaster pointed at the leader. Felicity fired at Cade. The blast hung still in the air. Felicity’s eyes widened as Cade held the bolt in place. She tried to fire again, but found she couldn’t move a muscle. Iago was reaching toward her, holding her in place. “Killed by her own bolt,” Iago taunted. “Wouldn’t that be very poetic?” “Quite. Don’t worry Missus Skywalker , we’ll be sure to let your husband give you a dignified burial,” Cade taunted, knowing how much Felicity hated being reduced to only Luke Skywalker’s wife. Felicity glared at Cade. She had always wanted to deliver some epic last words if she were executed, but in that moment she could think of nothing more profound than three simple words. “Go to hell.” Cade redirected the bolt, and released it. Snap-hiss. An angry cry rang out across the training field and a beam of emerald light swung before Felicity, deflecting the bolt straight into Iago. The Knights of Ren stared in shock as Iago fell down dead, and then turned to the source of the attack. Standing between Cade and Felicity was a murderous Luke Skywalker. Notes: Yeah, I've officially lost control of this story's length. I'm still not even done what was *supposed* to be chapter one. Also, yeah, I lifted a few lines from both the adult and junior novelizations. Chapter 3 : I Won't Leave You Summary: After saving Felicity from the Knights of Ren, Luke must do the hardest thing in his life: tell Felicity to take Rey leave without him. Notes: Alright, so since the last update there has been a whole mess of material released that now contradicts the background of this story. I have decided that this will be a whole Alternate Universe called the Rogue Love Verse. This verse contains the stories: The Long Way Home, Definitions of Home, an upcoming story called Beneath the Mask, continuing stories of The Long Way Home covering the events of Episodes Eight and Nine, and probably a few small shorts in the future. As such, materials such as Bloodline by Claudia Gray and the newly released material for Rogue One are not canon in the Rogue Love Verse. Therefore, keep in mind the following changes: Darth Vader being Anakin Skywalker/Luke and Leia’s father has public knowledge since shortly after Endor. Ben has known basically since birth that Anakin was Vader. Luke had a very public life (though not exactly by choice) until shortly after Rey was born. Luke lived on Coruscant until a year before Rey was born. Leia and Han did in fact live together always while married. Han didn’t own a shipping company or become a racing pilot, but to be honest, I’m not sure what he did. Probably things that made the family have a don’t ask, don’t tell policy. Leia and Han had constant contact with Luke and Ben while Ben lived on Rornian. The Resistance was a Republic approved operation founded by Leia to combat the First Order after footage of Shara Bey’s execution by them was leaked into the public. (More details can be found in Definitions of Home.) The backstory of Felicity Rhiaon is (scarily) similar to Jyn Erso’s, but not identical. All information can be found in Definitions of Home, and all relevant points will be mentioned in this story. These are the counterparts of the Rogue One characters: Jyn Erso = Felicity Rhiaon, Cassian Andor = Diego Nalto, Bodhi Rook = Riz Drayson, Chirrut = Ji-Dan Hayato, and Baze = Wen “Gunner” Arroyo. K-250 does not exist. Most of this can be found in current and future chapters of Definitions of Home. Now that that’s all settled, enjoy this chapter. The Long Way Home Chapter Three I Won’t Leave You Luke Skywalker had never felt so angry in his life. He hadn’t even been that angry when he stood in front of the Emperor, having beaten his father into submission. The Knights of Ren had corrupted Luke’s nephew, torn apart his family, slain his students, terrorized his daughter, and had just tried to kill his wife. In that moment, as Luke stood between Felicity and Cade, he wanted nothing more than their blood. Jaek and Baku exchanged a nervous look as they felt Luke’s anger through the Force, crashing violently against them like waves against a rock. It was so tremendous, even Felicity could feel it bleeding into the Force. “Hello, Boys,” Luke’s eyes flashed darkly in the glow of his lightsaber. “I believe you forgot to invite me to your little party.” Cade Ren was unphased, “Stand aside, Skywalker.” “You don’t actually think I’m going to do that?” “He does have a point,” Jaek shrugged. “We are trying to kill his wife.” “Shut up!” Cade snapped. “Luke,” Felicity softly whispered to herself. She couldn’t believe it; Luke had come to save her. Their relationship had never been that of a knight in shining armor and a damsel in distress, but they had grown unafraid of asking each other to help. Felicity would have resented Luke if he had stolen the glory in a normal First Order battle, but she wasn’t foolish enough to believe she could hold her own against Force Sensitives. No, Felicity was more than willing to pass the buck to Luke. After all, battling Dark Side users was his speciality. But she still kept her blaster primed and pointed at the Knights. No matter the enemy they faced, Luke and Felicity always operated much better as a team than they ever did apart. Hearing Felicity’s whisper, Luke spared the briefest glance back at her. She was still in the strong pose she assumed to face death, but Luke was happy to see Felicity had relaxed. Yet there was fear in her eyes. Luke knew all too well that the only Force Sensitive Felicity had ever feared was Darth Vader. If brought before Palpatine, Felicity probably would have sassed the Emperor all the way to her execution. Felicity didn’t fear the Knights of Ren and would have torn them to shreds in a fair (aka Force powerless) fight. Then what was it she feared? Luke reached out into the Force and found his way to the barriers of Felicity’s mind. He gave the barrier a gentle nudge and felt her mind open to him automatically. Over the years, Felicity’s trust of Luke had grown so strong that he no longer needed to vocalize his request to search her mind. One gentle touch and Felicity opened willingly to him. The cause of Felicity’s fear was forefront in her mind as she relived her memories of that night: Felicity tucking Rey into bed, Felicity waking to Rey’s screams, Felicity racing to Rey’s room, Felicity seeing the pile of blankets on the floor showcasing that their daughter had literally been dragged out of bed. Anger flared up again in Luke. They had torn his five-year-old daughter out of bed in the middle of the night? Luke had always sworn to Rey that she would be safe in her bed. He would make the Knights pay for breaking his promise. Luke shook as he gripped the hilt of his lightsaber tightly. He postured the beam defensively across his body. Luke knew his feelings were wrong: anger and vengeance were not the way of the Jedi. But after all the Knights had done – burning down the Temple, burning down his home, terrorizing his family, and murdering dozens of innocent lives – Luke wanted to tear them apart. It felt like gripping the hilt of his lightsaber was the only thing stopping him from slashing Cade into a million little pieces. “You have exactly sixty seconds to lower your weapons and step away from my wife,” Luke’s words were ice. Cade’s face faltered; Luke’s anger was so strong it was almost a physical entity. Luke didn’t notice when even Felicity took a step back from him. She herself wasn’t quite sure if it was out of fear or to simply get out of the splash zone. “And… And if I don’t?” Cade asked. Luke’s eyes flicked to Iago Ren laying dead on the ground, “Fifty-five seconds.” “Luke,” Yoda’s voice suddenly called to him through the Force. “Dangerous feelings, these are. Set them aside, you must. Anger, fear, aggression; the Dark Side of the Force are they.” “But Master Yoda,” Luke tried to reason into the Force, “the Knights are a threat. They have already done so much damage; I have to stop them from taking what’s left.” “Stop them, you may,” Yoda replied, “but remember: a Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack.” “Forty-five,” Luke hesitated. How was ending Cade’s life not defense? “Count down all you want,” Cade snarled. He had found new resolve in viewing Iago’s body. Revenge may not be the Jedi way, but it was a powerful motivator in his group, “I’ll be the one laughing when I kill your little wife.” And Luke understood: he couldn’t stop the Knights by attacking them for murdering his students, he could only stop them by defending his wife. “I’m afraid you’ll find that you’re both right and wrong,” Luke lowered his saber slightly. He turned and walked towards Felicity who was watching him hesitantly. “You’re wrong in thinking that you’ll be able to kill my wife.” Felicity frowned at the confident look on her husband’s face. What was he playing at? And why had he given no reaction to the revelation she had lost Rey? Felicity tried not to think of Rey in that moment, trying to keep her mind on the present, but Felicity feared for their daughter while Ben was nowhere to be found. “And what am I right about?” Cade asked, his eyes following Luke as he settled at Felicity’s side. Felicity yelped when Luke suddenly pulled her against his hip. “She’s my wife.” If it had been anyone but Luke that said it, Felicity would have slapped them. Felicity was no one’s property, least of all some man’s. But Felicity knew Luke like the back of her hand, and she understood that with that one gesture of pulling her against him and declaring his claim on her, Luke was communicating ten different things. Firstly, it was true, Luke was claiming her to the Knights as his own, but in that case it wasn’t such a bad thing. No matter how hard she tried, the Knights could defeat Felicity. There was no denial of that fact. But they could not defeat Luke, especially if he had someone to back him up. By claiming Felicity to the Knights, he was informing them that if they tried to take her from him, he would destroy them. Secondly it put them in a better position to fight. Luke held his saber in his dominant left hand, the emerald beam humming as it hovered defensively in front of both of them. At the same time, his free right arm was locked possessively around Felicity’s waist. This meant that Felicity’s right arm was free. One of the small details Felicity loved about her relationship with Luke was that he was left handed while she favored her right. During fights they could literally stay by each other’s side, each protecting one side for the two of them. The third thing was that it put them in a position to communicate with each other. True, whispering in that situation could probably be fatal, but Luke and Felicity had long lost their need for whispers. To an extent, Luke could directly speak to Felicity’s mind as long as she was in a reasonable range. Since she was not a Force Sensitive, doing it around other Force users was not a smart idea, and Luke restrained himself, but the duo had another method of communication. After being on one too many adventures gone wrong together, the pair had created their own series of codes communicated entirely by the most discreet of signals. They could convey an entire battle plan without saying a word. Which led to the fourth thing Luke did with the gesture. Luke lightly traced the letter Resh – the Aurebesh letter for R – against Felicity’s spine. It was their code for “Rey is safe.” … and yes, sometimes their code was that specific. The fifth thing came after Luke heard Felicity’s sigh of relief. He could sense that she still worried over the fact that Rey was not physically with Luke, but for the moment knowing Luke had seen her was enough for Felicity. Now that Luke knew Felicity had settled, it was his turn to calm down. Felicity shot Luke a half glare when he gently tugged the material of her shirt up. He exposed less than an inch of her bare skin to the cold rain, and stroked her soft familiar flesh with his mechanical fingertips. It may not have been the most appropriate thing in that moment, but Luke couldn’t help himself. Luke needed to feel her, to be certain she was safe and unharmed. After Reine’s death in his arms and denying himself the chance to comfort his daughter, Luke needed to touch his wife. As he stroked her skin Luke could feel his rage getting replaced with calm and level headedness... and the slight fear that Felicity was going to smack him for this later. “Sorry,” Luke muttered has he started to move his hand away. “Did I ask you to stop?” Felicity whispered back. Luke grinned and replaced his hand on his wife’s hip to Felicity’s satisfaction. The sixth and seventh messages played off each other. By holding Felicity to him and stroking her side, Luke reassured Felicity that he was there to protect her. On the other side of the coin, it also reassured Luke that she was there to protect him, something she had done nearly as many times as he had in all their time together. Eighth was the most important thing to Luke: by claiming her, Luke was conveying to the Knights that as long as Felicity was there, Luke would ensure she could escape them. He was more than willing to die to protect Felicity, but he had to know that his sacrifice meant she would be safe. It was not hard to imagine how Felicity could escape. While the Knights struggled not to show their fear of Luke, neither Cade nor Baku moved to block the gap left by Iago’s fallen body. The Knights knew that the smallest movement could set off Luke and weren’t willing to risk it. The ninth meaning of the gesture was up to Felicity to convey, and she was more than happy to deliver it. “He’s right, boys,” Felicity announced to the Knights. “I’m his, but more importantly, he’s mine .” With a grin and blaster in her right hand, Felicity boldly locked her own free hand around Luke’s muscular torso, staking her claim on the Jedi Grandmaster. Tenth was the final overall message sent by the duo. How they could look so fierce in the face of death. How they could joke, and smile, and apparently even feel up each other in the middle of a battlefield. But their defenses were not lacking with both sides covered and a near perfect system of communication. They were a formidable enemy, and above all, they were a team. “Twenty seconds, Gentlemen,” Luke announced. “This is your last chance. Drop your weapons and surrender.” “And if we don’t?” Baku challenged. “Then I’ll remind you of what I did to Forr while my husband reminds you of Iago,” Felicity nodded to the bodies of the fallen Knights of Ren. “Just a quick question, do you prefer burial or cremation?” Jaek gulped. “Fifteen seconds,” Luke’s hand ran across Felicity’s back, making a series of marks to communicate his plan to her. “They’re bluffing,” Cade declared. “Ten,” Felicity teased as she traced her thoughts on Luke’s plan along his spine. “I don’t think they’re bluffing,” Jaek’s voice had gone very high. “We’re not afraid of you,” Baku snarled. “Five,” Luke said, his hand stroking the one last detail of their plan against Felicity’s shin. “Guys, I’m a little afraid.” “Four,” Felicity tapped Luke’s neck to signal she understood the plan. “Guys?” “Defensive positions!” Cade ordered. “Three,” Luke said. “Two,” Felicity smiled. “ONE!” They shouted in unison. Jaek threw himself to the ground. Felicity shot Baku, hitting him in the arm while Luke swiped at Cade. Luke missed while Baku’s wound wasn’t fatal. But death had not been their goal: merely distraction, and they had hit their target perfectly. They ran for the opening where Iago’s body laid. Felicity took the lead, directing Luke towards the trees while firing shots back at the Knights of Ren. “Switch to blasters!” Cade commanded, grabbing Jaek by the neck and pulling him to his feet. “And get up you !” Luke trailed behind Felicity, using his lightsaber to deflect the blasts the Knights shot at them. Deflecting the blast of one gunner was hard enough. Deflecting the shots of three people? Luke should have been charging admission to watch the nearly impossible feat. A blast hit him in the mechanical hand. Luke cried out, and stumbled forward. Unfortunately, the ground was muddy from the thunderstorm, and as he lost balance from the jolt of the shot, he slipped in the mud and smacked against the ground. “Luke!” Felicity called, turning about face and racing towards him. “No, Felicity! Run!” Luke called. But it was too late, she was already at his side. “Thanks,” Luke said as Felicity pulled him to his feet. “Anytime,” Felicity winked, responding with their infamous phrase. “Are you okay?” “I’m fine,” Luke glanced down at his hand. The synthetic skin had been shredded by the blast, and pieces hung limply from the exposed metal skeleton, “Well… Maybe not all of me.” “Hey, we’ve had this discussion before,” Felicity smirked. “The only parts of you I care about working are your head, your mouth, and your-” “DOWN!” Luke shoved her shoulder, forcing her to the ground. Lighting his saber, Luke dramatically spun and deflected a blast that if Felicity had stood there a second longer would have nailed her in the head. The blast bounced off Luke’s lightsaber, and redirected to Jaek. It hit Jaek in the chest, and he fell down dead. “You know, I kind of liked that one,” Felicity aimed a few shots at the remaining Knights, missing as she clumsily got to her feet. “If he hadn’t murdered all of our friends, I might be sad that he’s dead.” “Run for the treeline,” Luke grabbed her hand. They took off like a shot, resuming their previous positions of shooting and deflecting. They were down to two Knights, while Ben was still missing in action. Luke had not sensed Ben endangering Rey, so Luke had that small comfort to hold onto. “Remember the plan,” Luke whispered as he and Felicity crossed into the dark forest. “Yes, Sir,” Felicity replied in an all too familiar tone that never failed to bring Luke to his knees. “Is now really the time?” Luke struggled to resist the urge to respond in the usual manner. “Sorry. Habit,” Felicity shrugged. Luke sighed. “Just turn left,” he spoke to her through the Force so Baku and Cade wouldn’t overhear the direction. They ran through the forest, and Luke occasionally used the Force to communicate a change in direction. Eventually the voices of Cade and Baku became more distant, and Luke found the terrain more familiar. They were approaching the spot he had left Rey. Luke suddenly grabbed Felicity and pulled her behind a small patch of trees. “Stay quiet,” Luke whispered, pressing her close against him. “I think we’ve lost them.” They waited a few minutes, listening to the soft noises of the forest nightlife and their own heavy breathing. There was no sign of any Knight of Ren. “I’ll check the area,” Felicity pulled out of Luke’s embrace. “Be careful,” Luke cautioned. He’d rather check himself, but Felicity was a grown woman capable of looking out for the two of them. “All clear,” Felicity finally declared a few minutes later. “We’re out of danger for now.” “Good,” Luke shared a look with his wife. They were in each other’s arms in an instant: kissing, touching, and reassuring each other they were alright. “Luke,” Felicity groaned, trying to withhold the tears that had been threatening to fall all night. She had gripped the front of his shirt with two hands and pressed him against a tree as she passionately kissed him over and over. “Are you… all…right?” Luke managed to ask her between breaths. He could not stop kissing her. If their lives weren’t still in danger, he probably would have done something else to her against that tree. “I’m okay, Sweetheart,” Felicity reassured him, finally ceasing the kissing and just holding him as tightly as she could. “I’m okay. I’m here. I’m safe. I’m alive.” Felicity buried her head in the crook of his neck as Luke too held onto Felicity as tightly as he could. Luke could feel her tears dripping down his neck, and knew his own tears were returning that favor. Neither of them cared; all Luke cared about with that his beloved wife, Felicity was in his arms again. “I’m alive, Sweetheart,” Felicity whispered. “I’m alive.” “I’m alive too,” Luke whispered. “Luke…” Felicity felt a lump in her throat. She could hardly bear to say the words in her mind, but knew they needed to be spoken. “Luke, I’m afraid.” Luke couldn’t help but smile. Felicity had been a very guarded person when they first met. Over the course of her life she had lost nearly everyone she loved. As a result, she had put up many barriers to her heart. Her previous relationships struggled to survive when her partners had either ignored her walls or tried to tear them down. But Luke understood her need of walls, just as he had a few of his own. Their pain had shaped who they were, and their walls were an integral part of their souls. True, Luke was more open and forgiving than Felicity, but that is what made them such a good match. Luke taught Felicity when to let her guard down, while Felicity had taught him when to bring his up. In the end, Felicity’s relationship with Luke had lasted because instead of tearing down her walls, he had learned where to find the secret passages and side doors to find his way to her heart. No one got to hear when she was sad, broken hearted, or scared. No one but Luke. So Luke understood how significant Felicity’s admission of fear truly was. It meant that she was unafraid to admit to him that she was afraid. “Felicity,” Luke whispered, gently stroking her hair. “It’s alright. We’re here together. I’m not going to let anyone hurt you.” Felicity sniffed, and gave a chuckle, “And I’m not going to let anyone hurt you .” “Promise?” Luke smiled. “Promise,” Felicity kissed him again. “Better?” “A bit.” Felicity glanced down at Luke’s hand, “Oh, that is not a pretty sight.” “It’s a good thing you didn’t marry me for my looks then.” “Actually your looks were probably at least forty percent of the reason I married you.” Luke raised an eyebrow, “I honestly can’t tell if you’re joking or not.” “What?” Felicity said. “You can’t blame me. For goodness sake, will you look at yourself?” “I don’t know how to answer that question.” “Look, Luke, I know bantering in the face of death is one of our favorite pastimes-” “We need a new hobby.” “But we need a plan,” Felicity finished. “Starting with fixing that hand.” “The synth skin is ruined,” Luke assessed his injury. “And the wiring is pretty shot. I had to fight Zhan Ren when I landed, and he stabbed me in the hand. I gave it a temporary fix, but the second blast has fried the skin and some of the wiring. The best thing I can do is strip the skin so it doesn’t get in the way, and wear my mechanics bare until I can get a replacement. There’s just one small problem.” “What’s that?” “I can’t strip this with one hand.” Luke looked sheepish, “Do you… Do you think you can strip it for me?” Felicity withheld revulsion. While she didn’t judge Luke for having a mechanical hand, and didn’t mind when he used it to touch her, she wasn’t exactly a fan. Additionally, since Luke’s hand looked so realistic, the thought of Felicity stripping the skin from it made her want to throw up. “I wouldn’t ask you if I had any other options,” Luke recognized Felicity’s look. “Luke, what about the sensors? Wouldn’t it feel like I was peeling your skin off?” Felicity muttered, “Add that to the list of sentences I never should have to say but do because I was dumb enough to marry a Skywalker.” “That’s what you get for marrying for looks. Besides, the sensors aren’t working after the blasts. I can’t feel anything with this hand. Now, please, Felicity?” “Fine, but you owe me,” Felicity reluctantly pulled a small viroblade off her belt (thank goodness she always had a fully stocked weapons belt in her closet) and began cutting off the fake skin. “I guess you know it’s real love when you are willing to strip a guy’s skin off to help him. Now, where’s Rey?” “Rey?” Luke repeated, surprised by the change in subject. “You told me she was safe. Where is she?” Luke clipped his lightsaber onto his belt, “About a kilometer east.” “Who’s with her?” Luke was silent. “Luke,” Felicity’s voice was perfectly measured as her hazel eyes flicked up coldly at him, “tell me that you did not leave our five-year-old daughter alone in the woods during a massacre.” “I didn’t have a choice.” “ Luke !” “What was I supposed to do, Felicity?” Luke questioned. “Bring her further into the fighting where she had the greater risk of dying?” “You could have left her with someone.” Luke’s face fell. “Felicity… There’s no one left,” Luke voice was soft. Felicity froze. “No one?” Felicity whispered. Luke bowed his head, shame enveloping his face. The silent, stillness of the night overtook the pair as the horror of what had happened finally set in. Their home, their friends, everything they had spent the last decade working toward had been taken from them. “Oh, Luke,” Felicity switched off the blade and pulled Luke into her arms. As the husband and wife clung to each other, they wept over the loss of their friends. “At least we have each other,” Felicity struggled to put on a brave face for Luke. She was used to losing the people around her and had learned to mourn later. Luke was about as experienced as Felicity in the field of loss, but he had the unfortunate habit of pushing his grief aside for a proper moment, and then never would revisit it. Eventually it would grow bit by bit until it overtook him and he lashed out at someone. Felicity had never been particularly bothered by the habit as the person he lashed out against usually deserved it. But after seeing what the Dark Side had done to Ben, and knowing their daughter could suffer the same fate should Luke not properly instruct her to control her temper, Felicity had made it her mission to force Luke to face his emotions as quickly as possible. She refused to lose either him or Rey to the Dark Side, and if that meant Felicity had to put on a strong act for them, then so be it. “It’s alright, Luke,” Felicity tried to comfort her husband. “Your students died the way they wanted to: defending the Light Side of the Force.” “But after everything they’d been through, this wasn’t the way they should have died,” Luke replied. His arms were locked around Felicity so tightly, she worried he might accidentally break something. She refused to complain: he was clutching her like he feared she would dissipate if he let go. “Not everyone gets a fair death,” Felicity reminded Luke. “Remember what happened to your aunt and uncle? To my brother? To Shara Bey? Try to focus on the bright side right now. I’m alive. You’re alive. Rey’s alive.” “Doctor Kalonia’s alive,” Luke suddenly remembered. When building Temple Village, Luke had been required by the Emissary Office to bring a non-Force Sensitive to Rornian, as well as a medical doctor. Luke had decided to kill two birds with one stone by hiring a non-Force Sensitive doctor. After a rather failed start when Luke was dumb enough to date the first doctor, he hired Doctor Kalonia, a friend of Leia’s. “Isn’t she at that conference?” Luke tried to keep the desperation from his voice. “That one about the experimental cloning procedure to replace limbs?” “Yes,” Felicity grinned. “She left a few days ago. She’s expected back next week.” Luke couldn’t help but laugh as he joyfully pulled Felicity into a kiss, “That’s wonderful! That means at least one person escaped Be-” The word died in Luke’s throat. Felicity winced, “I’m so sorry, Luke. This is all my fault. I spent so much time provoking Ben-” “No, it’s my fault. I should have been more attentive,” Luke sighed, “Felicity… Ben killed Reine. She died in my arms.” “Tyla Kinall died in mine,” Felicity said. “She helped me escape the house when they set it on fire.” “You two actually getting along? It’s a miracle.” “It was for five minutes, Luke. Don’t lose your head.” Tyla had always had a grudge against Felicity. It was a combination of Tyla’s jealousy that Luke loved Felicity and not her, and the fact that Felicity had very vocal doubts about the Force. “I guess it literally killed her to be nice to me,” Felicity barely managed a laugh. A silence fell over the duo as they stood there holding each other. Then, Luke made a decision. “Felicity, you need to go,” Luke said. Felicity frowned, “Go? Go where?” “Somewhere far from here. Somewhere the First Order wouldn’t think to look for you.” “The First Order?” “The Knights of Ren have always been Snoke’s lackeys, and he was the one who corrupted Ben. It’s obvious why they came here.” Felicity suddenly understood what Luke was telling her. “No… I- I won’t leave you,” Felicity stepped out of Luke’s embrace. “Felicity,” Luke reached for her arm. “No!” Felicity jerked it out of his grasp. “You have to take Rey and get out of here.” “We’re not leaving you!” “We don’t have a choice,” Luke used his extremely calm voice that always annoyed Felicity. It wasn’t fair that someone should sound so peaceful when they were panicked. “Yes, we do,” Felicity insisted. She lightly gripped Luke’s forearm and hope danced in her eyes, “You can come with us.” “There’s no room,” Luke shook his head. “The only ship we have access to is my X-Wing. That’s a two seater, Felicity.” “So what?” Felicity asked. “We can each take a seat, and Rey will sit in my lap.” “The X-Wing can barely hold two people, it couldn’t fit three of us, let alone bare the weight.” “Don’t ask me to leave you to die,” Felicity begged. “I’ve left too many people behind to their deaths. I won’t do it to you.” “Then we condemn Rey,” Luke calmly said. Tear were shining in his eyes, “If we both stay, she does too, and we put her in the line of fire. I have the best chance of the two of us to survive, and I might be able to reason with Ben. Your presence would aggravate him. You’ve already had too many close calls with death tonight. Please, escape while you still can.” Felicity threw her arms around Luke’s neck and sobbed into his chest, “I won’t leave you.” “And I’ll never leave you,” Luke whispered clutching Felicity tightly. Luke savoured the embrace with a sense of finality. As the time passed, Luke felt increasingly unsure he could bring himself to release her. “Allowing yourself to let her go is not the same as ceasing to love her,” The ghostly voice of Anakin Skywalker whispered in his son’s ear. “It took me too long to learn that. Do not make my mistake of accepting it when it was too late. In letting her go, you are not asking yourself to permit things to end. You are asking her to live… Even if it means doing it without you.” Luke sighed: his father was right. No matter how much he wanted Felicity to stay, he couldn’t let that happen. Luke took a deep breath, and then pulled back from Felicity. He propped two fingers under her chin and tilted her head up. Felicity’s tear filled hazel eyes were locked with own glistening blue orbs. “I promise you, Felicity,” Luke’s voice was calm, but filled with pain, “I will never leave you. But I cannot always be by your side physically, so you’ll just have to accept my emotional presence. My memory. My promises. You’ll have to trust me that this will not be the end.” Felicity painfully whispered, “Luke-” “I love you. I have from the moment I first met you, and I’ll love you even beyond my death. But you have to take Rey and go. It’s our best choice right now. I can handle the Knights of Ren, and you… We both know that you are more capable of making difficult decisions and even sacrifices for Rey’s safety. Decisions… I could never bring myself to commit.” Felicity winced, closing her eyes as she lowered her head and sobbed. Luke’s words were too true for her to deny. Luke sighed, making a face not unlike the one he had made upon seeing his father’s unmasked face for the first time: a sympathetic, loving, and pained expression. He lifted her chin once more, “But that is why I love you. You are strong where I am weak, and we balance each other perfectly. I swear to you, Felicity, this will not be like Brendan. We will see each other again.” “Promise?” Felicity choked. “Promise,” Luke sealed it with a passionate lingering kiss. They poured everything into that kiss. The magnitude of their love, the happiness of their friendship, the firmness of their partnership, the passion of a lover to the person they selected to create a child with, the depth of their promises, and even the sting of the possible finality of their parting. Then they broke the kiss, they still did not part. They held onto each other, resting their foreheads together, listening to the other’s heavy breathing. Luke used his flesh hand to stroke a thumb over Felicity’s cheek. “I love you, Felicity Rhiaon,” Luke whispered, relishing the warmth of her skin. Felicity ran a loving hand through his soft blond hair, “I love you too, Luke Skywalker. Thank you... Thank you for loving me.” Luke gently smiled, “Anytime.” They embraced one final time, Felicity tightly locking her arms around his neck. Luke reached up and slowly clasped Felicity right hand with his left. Eventually he eased her arms down but did not release their clasped hands. “Now go,” Luke’s voice quaked as he pressed a kiss to her forehead. Slowly, Felicity backed out of his embrace, but their hands did not let go. “Promise me,” Felicity ordered. “Promise me this isn’t goodbye.” “I promise you, Felicity,” Luke grinned the goofy grin his wife so loved, “we’ll see each other again.” Felicity gave the smile her husband loved, and let go of his hand. “Promise me, Luke!” Felicity backed away from him into the treeline towards Rey. “I promise!” Luke called as she disappeared into the night. “We’ll see each other again! I promise, Felicity. I promise!” In the years to come, Luke would replay that moment in his mind thousands of times. He refused to let himself forget the last time he saw his wife. Luke and Cade were duelling fiercely when they heard it: the confusing scream that changed Luke’s life forever. The scream that led to the one mystery he would struggle to solve: the mystery of how Felicity Rhiaon and Rey Skywalker escaped Rornian. The scream was faint, but far too familiar for Luke: it was the scream of his daughter. In that moment, a set of confusing images flashed through his mind. A thunderclap. Rey falling down. A red light saber. Ben. Bloody footprints in the mud. Cade tried to use Luke’s distraction to attack, but Luke’s defenses were too great. Luke could never recall dealing the blow. One moment Luke saw Cade raising his scarlet blade, and the next Luke’s emerald beam was through Cade’s chest. “I’m sorry,” Luke whispered to Cade in the boy’s final moment. “I tried to help you.” Luke turned off his saber, and Cade fell to the ground dead. He watched the boy sadly for a moment. Luke remembered when the young man first came to him. At the time, Cade had been a boy no older than Ben was now. Cade had always been angry and had a thirst for the Dark Side. Luke did his best to curb it, but it was to no avail. He remembered the day Cade had staged a walkout over the announcement Luke would marry a non-Force Sensitive. Luke remembered how Jake Comarila, Zhane Varrs, and Bakura Torven followed Cade Ren, altered their names, and became the first Knights of Ren. And that’s when Luke remembered: both Baku and Ben were still unaccounted for. As were Felicity and Rey. Rey, who had just screamed. Luke tossed Cade’s red saber into the fire that littered the training field. He waited a moment to ensure the saber would catch fire and be destroyed. Luke was so distracted by it, he never noticed the first ship leaving the planet. The very same ship Ben had stolen from the Jedi months ago. Luke ran for the woods, trying to find where he had left Rey, and hoping Felicity had found her. To his relief and horror, he did find the spot, but there was no one around. It was the scene that horrified him. The trees had saber slashes on them. There were two marks in the mud that indicated bodies had hit the ground. One was adult shaped and blood was seeped into the mud. The other was child sized. Three sets of footprints – two adult and one child – muddled in a confusing fashion. Eventually all sets led away from the scene: a set of adult prints in one direction, while the child and other adult headed in the other direction. It was hard to tell whether the child prints were accompanied by adult footprints that paralleled the saber marks on the trees or the adult prints that came rushing onto the scene from the direction Luke and Felicity had parted. Before Luke could puzzle over it some more, he heard another cry from the direction of his X-Wing. Without a though, he raced towards the scene, but when he arrived, he again found himself too late. Footprints muddled the scene. Blast marks and saber slashes had hit the trees and the ship. The back hatch was open, and the ladder was lowered. Luke climbed up into the cockpit and was surprised to find two saber slashes over the dashboard, destroying the equipment. He looked in the back compartment and found the survival bag containing Reine’s lightsaber was gone. Remembering Reine, Luke looked to see where he had left Reine and Zhan’s bodies. They were there, but not far off was another figure. A brunette. Luke scrambled down the ladder towards the body, and frantically turned it over. To his relief, it was Baku Ren, dead by what appeared to be a blast to the chest. Next to Baku’s hand was the remains of a lightsaber and the rock that had bludgeoned it to pieces. Luke sighed and looked around. He then noticed that only one set of footprints led away from the scene: adult footprints. Where was Rey? There were child footprints leading to and around the scene, but none away. Yet there was no child to be seen. “Rey?” Luke called out. “Felicity? Rey?” But there was no answer. As he puzzled over the scene, Luke heard a distant roar. He looked up just in time to see a larger ship exiting the planet’s atmosphere. Luke would never learn that that was the very same ship the Knights of Ren, save for Ben, had used to come to Rornian. And then Luke was alone. He could feel it in the Force. There was no Ben. There was no Rey. There was no Felicity. No Reine. No Gavyn. No Zena. No Alyla. No Genko. Only Luke and the wild dumb creatures that lived on Rornian. Luke was completely alone. For a while he couldn’t bring himself to move. Everything and everyone was gone. He didn’t know what had happened to his wife, child, and nephew, but he prayed that they were all safe. Eventually he stood. He left the Knights and his broken X-Wing, but he collected the body of Reine Agim and carried her back to the training field. Luke was resting her on the ground when a familiar beeping sounded. He looked up to see Artoo wheeling towards him. “I- I’m fine,” Luke muttered in answer to Artoo’s worried noises. “No, they’re not here. We’re alone, Artoo. Please, just- Can you contact Leia?” Instantly a projection of Leia’s worried face was before Luke. “Luke, is everything alright?” Leia asked. “What happened?” As he stared at the image of his sister, Luke suddenly found himself without words. “The Knights of Ren attacked,” Luke swallowed. “They- They had a new initiate.” Fear flashed across Leia’s face. Luke knew she could sense her son’s involvement. “I’m send the Republic troops right now,” Leia promised. “No,” Luke shook his head. “Don’t send them.” “Why not?” Luke surveyed the field of dead, “Because there’s no one left.” Luke didn’t take in Leia’s worried response. There was a ringing in his ears and a thudding in his throat. The world went out of focus and Luke felt like he was removed from reality, observing the tragic scene from afar. He didn’t register hitting a button on Artoo that cut off the transmission. He didn’t register pulling the hood of his cloak over his head. Luke Skywalker was dead to the world. His eyes were unable to move from the bodies of his students and friends. The magnitude of the situation building. His students who had fought against Empires, escaped slavery, wished for nothing but to bring justice and peace to the world. They were all dead. His home was burn. His nephew was corrupted. His family had disappeared. And it was all his fault. He couldn’t hold it back anymore. “NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!” Luke screamed dropping to his knees. He was a picture of sorrow as his cloaked figure posed next to the burning remnants of the massacre. Artoo was in front of him, and Luke used his stripped metal hand to reach out and touch Artoo. That was how Wedge Antilles and Diego Nalto found Luke when they arrived an hour later. “Luke!” Wedge spotted his friend and grabbed Diego’s shoulder. “Luke!” Diego shouted as he and Wedge raced over. “Are you alright?” Wedge asked, shaking Luke. The droid was the only thing keeping Luke upright. “What happened?” Luke said nothing. He would remain silent no matter how much Wedge and Diego tried to get him to respond. Luke was too shell shocked. The man they called friend was gone. “He hasn’t said anything?” Han asked the next morning when he and Leia arrived at the horrible scene. “Not a word,” Diego shook his head. “Eventually we had to leave him there.” “We put out the fires and collected the bodies,” Wedge added. “Is everyone accounted for?” Leia questioned as she looked at the bodies lined up on the training field. She couldn’t stand the sight of the deceased children or he still unmoving brother. Diego and Wedge exchanged a look. “Not everyone ,” Diego answered. “All the Jedi are here but we’re still looking for three people.” “Who’s missing?” Han frowned. Diego and Wedge shared another look. “One Knight of Ren is missing,” Wedge said. “All six we’re aware of are accounted for, but Luke told you they had a new one. Whoever that is, they’re missing.” Han and Leia avoided each other’s gaze. They voice the shared thought in their head. Their son just couldn’t- just wouldn’t­ do this.” “And the other two?” Leia asked. Diego gave a half-smile, “Felicity and Rey are nowhere to be found.” Leia let out a selfish sigh of relief. “I wouldn’t celebrate just yet,” Han shook his head. “You said the house burned down. Are we sure they escaped?” “Positive,” Wedge replied. “We used my ship’s scanners to confirm there’s no human remains inside. Plus we found Baku’s saber smashed to pieces, and we all know who hates lightsabers enough to do that.” “Felicity,” Han allowed himself a sigh a relief, and hugged Leia tightly. They were overjoyed to hear Luke’s wife had managed to escape. Felicity had originally started as Leia’s friend, and even was recruited into the Rebellion by Leia. They had drifted apart after Leia make Han and Luke, but after reintroducing Felicity to Luke, the girls rekindled their friendship. Leia was ecstatic that Luke fell in love with Felicity and was delighted to call Felicity her sister. Han thought of Felicity as a sister as well. Their personalities were similar enough that the two got along like a house on fire. They even had a running joke that Han could have been a long lost Rhiaon child. And of course, both adored Rey. They would help Luke tear the galaxy apart to find their niece. But the only question was where to start? Even worse, there was the question of Ben. “Luke,” Leia knelt next to her brother. Luke looked up at the sound of her voice. The physical presence of his twin sister seemed to be just the thing Luke needed to snap out of his stupeor. But it did not withhold the shame, the guilt, the sorrow, and the look of being at a complete and utter loss of knowing what to do. “Luke,” Leia softly repeated. She laid a hand on his shoulder, and did her best to avoid staring at Luke’s skinless hand, “Luke, who did this?” He didn’t need to say the word; Luke’s look said everything. “Ben,” Han’s voice was thick as he tried to hold back the tears. His son. His precious, innocent, idiot of son who HAn had sworn to do everything in his power to protect had murdered Luke’s Jedi Order. Han turned away, ashamed to let Luke and Leia see him. Leia said nothing as Han stormed off. She didn’t dare question what her husband was going to do. Leia would get her answer when she had to bandage Han’s knuckles after he had beaten them bloody while repeatedly punching a tree. “I’m sorry, Leia,” Luke spoke for the first time since messaging her the previous night. His voice trebled as Luke fought against bursting back into tears, “I’m so sorry!” Leia held her brother, allowing him to wept into her comforting embrace. You’ve always been strong. Luke’s words from year before rang through her mind. But she hadn’t been strong. Not strong enough to save her son. No. If Vader could be saved, then so could Ben. There was still hope. She would be strong for all of them, and she would save their family. “Luke,” Leia pulled back from her brother, noticing Wedge and Diego had given the siblings some distance. “Where are they? Where are Rey and Felicity?” “I… I don’t know.” Chapter 4 : Half-Brave Summary: Felicity and Rey brave the desert of Jakku, Luke follows a lead on where to find them, and Anakin Skywalker is pissed off at his grandson. Notes: Wow. I am floored by how many people are telling me that they like the character of Felicity, and they hope I keep her alive. I am deeply honoured to have created a character that people attached themselves too so quickly… and am terrified what you’re going to do to me after chapter six. Then again, maybe I’m just messing with you guys and have thought of some convoluted way to keep her alive. I guess you’ll have to wait and see. …Please don’t kill me. In lighter news, I’m really proud of the Huttese in this chapter. I did my research, and it should translate out exactly to what Luke says in Basic (hence the terrible grammar, but there’s only so many defined Huttese words I could work with.) The Long Way Home Chapter Four Half-Brave “Hey Lando, it’s Han. Have you seen Felicity and Rey?” “I’m looking for information on someone who might have checked into your inn. Do you have any guest under the name Rey, Felicity, Rhiaon, and/or Skywalker?” “And you’re sure you’ve checked in with the entire family, Aunt Sola? What about the lake house?” “Fixer, it’s Luke. I know this is out of the blue, but has anyone been around the old homestead lately?” “Lando, it’s Han again. Just checking to see if you had any updates from any of your contacts.” “Tell Admiral Akbar that it’s an emergency and he needs to comm me back as soon as possible.” “I know it’s a long shot, Pax, but you haven’t heard anything from Felicity, have you?” “Nothing, Kes? Well, can you get Poe to ask around the academy if anyone has heard news of Felicity or the First Order?” “For the last time Jaina, I can’t attend to any Senate business. My family is in the middle of a crisis. Tell the other Senators to leave me a message if it’s that important.” “Yes, I’m aware that this is the fifth time I’m contacting you, Lando! In case you haven’t heard, Rey and Fliss are missing!” “Are you sure you’ve communicated with the entirety of Rogue Squadron? What about Dak? …Yes, I forgot he died on Hoth! My wife and child are missing! I’m under a lot of stress right now!” “Nerissa sends her condolences and regrets, Luke,” Leia sighed as she ended the communication with the Queen of Zygerria. “But she hasn’t heard from Felicity either.” “I guess we can scratch Zygerria from the list,” Diego got off the couch to cross off Zygerria from the large board full of planet names that was propped against the wall. The Organa-Solo living room had been transformed into a call center dedicated to the search for Rey and Felicity. Luke, Han, Leia, and Diego desperately contacted every person Felicity had ever crossed paths with and nearly every location she had stepped foot in. Artoo sat in the corner, searching every media outlet, Republic wavelength, and spy network he could connect to for any mentions of his disappeared Mistresses. Lando was contacting every shady connection he had ever made. Wedge and Chewie were leading ground teams of several of Luke’s friends to follow up any leads on the missing women. And Threepio was serving refreshments, translating calls, and loudly panicking, detailing what horrors he feared Mistresses Felicity and Rey must be encountering. “One more word about Fliss and Rey dying, and I’ll lock you in the closet, Goldenrod,” Han had threatened the droid. Threepio was oddly quiet after that exchange. “Cross Naboo off the list as well,” Luke rubbed his temples as he slumped helplessly back onto the couch. Much of his usual liveliness and optimism had been missing since Felicity and Rey’s disappearance three days ago. “My mother’s family has searched Naboo high and low. No sign of Felicity or Rey.” “I guess that means we start Round Six of messaging our contacts,” Leia sympathetically rubbed Luke’s shoulder as she sat next to him. “Fine, but someone else has to talk to Lando,” Han replied. “I think he’s going to punch me if I call him again.” “What’s even the point of contacting the people we’ve already spoken too?” Diego objected. “They’ll let us know if they find anything. We should be looking in places we haven’t checked yet.” Leia frowned at the list of planets, “The problem is we’re running out of places.” “This is ridiculous!” Han shook his head. “Fliss wouldn’t go to an obvious significant landmark, but she also wouldn’t go to some random planet we’ve never heard of. She’d go somewhere discrete she knew we could find her. Somewhere only we would guess based on knowledge only we have.” “Not to mention it would have to be a place she’s quick to think of,” Leia pointed out. “She couldn’t have had a lot of time to plan her escape.” “Alright, so Fliss is sitting in the cockpit of a ship with the enemy on her tail,” Han posed. “She has ten seconds to type in a set of coordinates. What does she type?” Diego froze. He recalled a similar moment between himself and Felicity many years before. “I can’t fly this thing!” Diego shouted, clutching the bleeding wound on his shoulder. His vision was fuzzy, and the world around him was fading. Of the five Rogue Squadron members sent in to steal the plans to the Death Star, only he and Rhiaon remained. They were almost out of the woods. The plans were in a chip hanging from a pouch around Rhiaon’s neck, and the two of them had made their way into a TIE fighter to escape the battle station. Unfortunately, Diego had been injured badly on the way in and was barely staying conscious. “Hold on, Nalto,” Felicity begged. “I just need you to get us into light speed and we’ll be in the clear.” A blast blot hit the ship. “I can’t move my arm!” Diego replied. “Look, I’ve got us set up. Just punch in a destination, push the buttons I tell you, and we’ll be out of here.” “What destination?” “Anything! As long as it isn’t Yavin IV, Coruscant, or Naboo, I don’t care where you take us!” “But Nalto-” “PUNCH IN A DAMN COORDINATE, RHIAON!” Without any hesitation, Felicity entered a set of numbers. “What did you type?” Diego asked. “Jakku,” Diego remembered Felicity’s answer. He looked over at Luke, “She would go to Jakku!” Luke’s eyes went wide. “Jakku, of course,” Luke scrambled to his feet. “Artoo get me a contact number for- Who did you and Felicity work for again?” “A junker called Unkar Plutt,” Diego replied. “Lives in Niima Outpost.” “Wait, Jakku?” Han questioned. “That junkyard? Why there?” “The planet coordinates are the same numbers as her brother, Brendan’s birthdate,” Luke explained. Han looked over at Leia, “Brendan? He’s the brother she promised to let teach her to fly, but then he died and now she uses it as excuse not to learn how to properly take off and land?” “How many brothers do you think Felicity has?” Leia replied. “Niima Outpost!” Luke exclaimed as Artoo projected a comm station code. He quickly typed it in and waited for the connection to be made. “It’s the only known comm station on the planet. If Felicity’s going anywhere, it’s going to be there.” Artoo let out a few beeps signifying the connection had been established. “Message for Unkar Plutt,” Luke said as a comm station operator was projected before them. “Haku?” the creature replied in confusion. “Is that Huttese?” Luke muttered, looking quizzically at Diego. “Oh right, I forgot to mention most people in Niima Outpost speak Huttese,” Diego explained. “Niima was a Hutt who established the place.” Luke shook his head and then repeated his message in Huttese, “Wankee che Unkar Plutt.” The creature replied for Luke to hold on, and the group waited for a few minutes. “So how friendly is this Plutt?” Han asked. “Haku chuba naga?” someone suddenly snapped at the group. Han frowned, recognizing the phrase, “Never mind. Anyone who starts a conversation with ‘what do you want’ can’t be pleasant.” Luke shot Han a look before turning back to the new creature, “Unkar Plutt?” “Tagwa,” Unkar confirmed. Luke smiled at the man and began his speech, “Achuta. Dobrah Luke Skywalker, un Jedai, chone ma pateesa bargoned foo chuba wanga tee-tocky. Oto do hopa boska che un cheeka an emeela coo sa faaway tuta bu First Order. Oto tah koose hoohah bunky dunko. La sa un moulee rah che hopa.” A long silence ensued as Plutt just stared at Luke. “Listen, boy,” Plutt awkwardly scratched his head, “I only know a little Huttese. If it’s not a greeting or bartering words, I have no idea what the hell you’re saying. Mind telling me in Basic what it is you want before I cut this message off?” Luke turned and glared at Diego. “Oh yeah,” Diego remembered. “I forgot he doesn’t speak Huttese.” “I’ll kill him for you, Luke,” Han offered. “Thank you, Han,” Luke nodded at his brother-in-law as he scrambled to think of a rough translation of what he had said to Plutt. “Sorry, Mister Plutt. I’ll try that again in Basic. Hello, I am Luke Skywalker, a Jedi, and my friend bargained with you one time. I want your help searching for a woman and girl who is running from the First Order. I want to bring them home. There is a payment for help.” “A reward, eh?” Unkar paused at the last sentence. His mouth had opened to tell Luke to bugger off, he wasn’t going to help him look for any runaway females, but the mention of payment intrigued him. “How much are we talking?” “That all depends on the help provided,” Luke narrowed his eyes. “I’m looking for a woman who once worked for you briefly twenty years ago.” “Twenty years ago? You’re joking, right?” “Her name is Felicity Rhiaon Skywalker, and she might come to you in the next few days,” Luke continued. “Additionally, she might be accompanied by a young girl named Rey. Rey looks a lot like Felicity. They’re pale skinned humans, with hazel eyes, brunette hair, and petite statures.” “That’s what happens when a five foot six man procreates with a five foot three woman,” Han muttered. “Seriously, why is everyone in this family short?” Luke ignored Han, “If Rhiaon or Rey shows up, Plutt, you will immediately get them to contact me, and you will take care of their needs until I can come get them. By needs I mean water, shelter, appropriate portions of food, medical attention, and whatever else they ask of you. When I come get them, we will negotiate a reward. If you fail any of my conditions, you will forfeit your prize. Do we have an understanding?” Plutt considered Luke’s words, “Agreed.” The transmission was abruptly cut off and Luke sighed. “And now we wait,” Luke said. “I hope they’re alright.” “I’m sure they are,” Leia got off the couch and hugged her brother. “I must say, that was disappointing,” Diego admitted. “I thought they would have been in Niima by now.” “I did too,” Han admitted. “I guess the only question now is if they’re not at Niima Outpost… Where are they?” In the middle of the Jakku desert, Felicity silently watched the smouldering transport ship sink into the sand with a cloud of smoke and fire. Rey stood next to her mother as Felicity rested a hand on Rey’s shoulder; the girls taking in the sight of Felicity’s failure of a landing. “Mommy?” Rey asked in an innocent voice. “Is that why Uncle Han never lets you pilot the Falcon ?” “Yes. Yes, it is,” Felicity simply answered. She looked down at Rey and gently pulled her daughter in closer, “Careful, Sweetheart. I don’t want you breathing in the fumes.” Rey buried her face against her mother’s leg. As the wreckage burned – and Felicity thanked the Force neither of them had been hurt in the crash – Felicity looked around her environment. Surrounding them was absolutely nothing but endless desert. The wreck had been caused by Felicity accidentally triggering a self-destruct when the ship belonging to the Knights of Ren recognized she was an intruder. Apparently one of the Knights had rigged the ship so that unless someone typed in an exact sequence, the ship would blow up when the landing cycle activated. Typical Knight of Ren mentality: lure your enemy into a false sense of security and then unleash hell when they aren’t expecting it. Felicity sighed; she had wanted to land much closer to Niima Outpost, but now it looked like she and Rey would have to endure several days of walking. She put down the emergency bag she had swiped from Luke’s X-Wing and rescued from the crash of the stolen ship. This was the exact type of situation they carried the bags around for. Felicity unzipped the bag and checked over the contents. It had a basic first aid kit; food and water rations; clothing for Rey, Felicity, and Luke; basic navigational equipment like a compass and a star map; extra shoes; flares; a sewing kit; some ice packs that would become cold when you snapped them in half; flashlight; tool kit; basic ship repair kit; two sleeping bags; a pair of lightsabers for reasons Felicity couldn’t explain, though one looked like Reine Agim’s; and several other odds and ends that would be useful. Felicity grimaced at the weight of the bag. Walking in a desert would be bad enough, but add an extra, what ten? Twenty pounds? Felicity was never great at gauging measurements. It was only natural that her next task was to figure out a set of measurements. Felicity opened the navigational kit and pulled out a small silver box. It was a simple machine that calculated the latitude and longitude of a person’s location, as well as stored a list of coordinates for popular locations on most chartered planets in the galaxy. To Felicity’s relief, Niima Outpost on Jakku was one of the places listed. Using the coordinates and the other tools in the navigation kit, Felicity calculated that she and Rey were about three days’ walk from Niima. Well… three days in ideal conditions. The first time Felicity had come to Jakku, she and Diego had landed right in the shipyard of Niima Outpost. Additionally, the work they did for Plutt was packing food ration packs for Unkar to dole out. One of the benefits of the job was that Plutt had kept Diego and Felicity in the shade at all times, and provided them a small tent to spends the nights in. Therefore, Felicity had never really travelled in the desert before. Yes, she had been to Tatooine with Luke a handful of times, but they never walked for long periods of time. Add in the fact that Felicity had her heavy bag to carry, and Rey by her side, and Felicity knew it would be more than three days of walking. But then how long would it be? And more importantly… How long could they survive? Felicity rummaged through the bag, taking inventory of their rations. When she finished, Felicity found that she wanted nothing more than to slap Past Luke and Past Felicity. They had a supply of five days of water, and three days of food… for a single person. The emergency supplies bag was not designed to support more than one person’s survival for a short period of time. It was because of a rule Luke and Felicity established after Rey was born. Technically only one member of the Rhiaon Skywalker family at a time was allowed to be in a potentially dangerous situation where the bag was needed. Additionally, they were not allowed to be far from a way of contacting each other, that way a rescue could be made as quickly as possible. Felicity hated herself for her lack of foresight. Luke had altered his X-Wing so that Rey could make a quick getaway with one of them and Felicity had ensured there was an extra set of clothing and footwear for Rey. Why in the Galaxy did they not stock enough food for Rey? Had they really been so naïve to think that one of them wouldn’t bring Rey into a situation with no food? Looking at the meager rations, Felicity groaned. Everything had to be perfectly portioned if both of them were to survive the trek. Felicity would have to be very strict with Rey when she inevitably asked for more food and water. But what kind of mother would she be to deny her child water? Luke’s words from the forest echoed in her mind, “We both know that you are more capable of making difficult decisions and even sacrifices for Rey's safety. Decisions… I could never bring myself to commit." Felicity looked at Rey and knew. She would be a mother who would rather her child be alive rather than momentarily comfortable. So how long would it take for them to reach Niima Outpost? Felicity quickly did some calculations in her head. She vaguely recalled Luke telling her never to travel in the desert between 11 am and 2 pm. Factor in at minimum six hours of sleep. Maybe about three hours of resting. So walking for twelve hours a day in desert conditions with a child and heavy bag… Four days? Five? Felicity decided to budget for five. Ten portions of water and food were needed. Felicity had five portions of water, and three of food. So half a portion of water for each of them a day, and one third portion of food. Felicity’s stomach churned of the thought of her daughter going hungry; maybe she would give up a few of her meals for Rey. Felicity quickly snapped the ration packets into thirds (and vaguely wondered why she let Luke talk her into stocking the bag with the revolting dehydrated nutrient bars instead of real food) and measured the water in each of the five canisters. A capful every few hours should do it. Next was the question of attire. Felicity eyed Rey critically; her daughter was still in her pyjamas. Felicity thankfully had thrown on some clothes appropriate enough for the desert during the massacre. “Rey, come here,” Felicity ordered as she pulled out some clothing for Rey. Felicity quickly stripped off Rey’s pyjamas, and dressed her in a pair of leggings, short boots, and a long tan tunic. “Now what are we going to do about your hair?” Felicity mused as she tied a dark brown belt around Rey’s waist. Felicity was trying to keep the mood light before Rey began to panic about the situation. “My hair?” Rey frowned, touching the dark hair that fell to her shoulders. “We have to put it up or else it’ll trap heat and make your neck all sweaty,” Felicity gently forced her daughter to turn around. Felicity grabbed a few hair ties and a brush from the bag, “Then it’ll get all matted and tangled and you’ll be terribly uncomfortable. So how do you want me to do your hair? Bun? Ponytail? Braid?” Tears gathered in Rey’s eyes, “I want Daddy. He does my hair best.” Felicity paused brushing Rey’s hair. “I want Daddy too,” Felicity said softly. After a moment of silence in which Felicity had to fight back her own tears, she cleared her throat and put on a brave face, “He does do hair very nicely. He sometimes even does mine. But you know what? Daddy only does hair so nicely because it’s in his blood. You know what Grandma Padmé and Aunt Leia’s hair look like. How about I do something like them?” Rey sniffed, “Okay.” “Alright,” Felicity gathered a few hair bands, “well, Grandma had a very famous one bun style, and Aunt Leia had a famous two bun style, how about we carry on the family legacy and put your hair in three buns?” It took a few minutes for Felicity to properly tie Rey’s hair, but soon she was proudly observing the three bun hairstyle that would become Rey’s signature look. “There, functional and fashionable.” Felicity proclaimed with a wink, “That’s the Rhiaon way.” “Thank you, Mommy,” Rey smiled, running her little hands over her hair to make a picture of it in her mind. Rey glanced towards the burning sun, but cast her gaze down quickly when it hurt her eyes. Rey hesitantly looked at her mother and said, “Mommy… I’m hungry.” “We’ll have to fix that, won’t we? Here,” Felicity gave Rey one of the food portions. As Rey ate, Felicity unscrewed the cap off the first canister and poured the lukewarm water into it the cap, “Drink this. Slowly.” Rey gratefully took the cap of water, and drank slowly under her mother’s critical gaze. She didn’t want to say anything, but Rey knew there was something wrong with her mother. Mommy looked like Uncle Han when the Falcon broke. What was the word Aunt Leia taught her? Stressed. Mommy looked stressed . Rey didn’t know how to help Mommy, so she did the thing that would always help Daddy when he looked stressed . Rey gave Mommy the biggest, brightest, cutest smile she could muster. The same one that Daddy couldn’t help but make his own grin at and give her bug hugs. Felicity could barely resist Rey’s grin. It was the same goofy grin of Luke’s that Felicity had fallen in love with. There was something about seeing it on the mirror of her own face that made Felicity’s heart lift. Despite their terrible situation, at least Felicity had Rey, the physical proof of her shared love with Luke, at her side. Rey grinned even wider when she saw the corners of Mommy’s mouth upturn. Even though to only took the corners of Mommy’s mouth, Rey knew it was a full on genuine loving smile, and not the smirk Mommy gave to Daddy that often made Daddy tell Rey to go to her room so Mommy and Daddy could go to bed… sometimes even in the middle of the day. “More, please,” Rey sweetly asked, politely holding the lid out to Mommy. Felicity’s smile faltered. “Rey, Sweetheart,” Felicity went down on her knees to be at Rey’s level. She took the canister lid from Rey and gently clasped her hand over Rey’s, “I can’t give you anymore. I’m sorry.” Rey’s smile dropped. “But I’m thirsty,” Rey was confused. Her upbringing never left her wanting for basic needs, so to be denied water was incomprehensible for the five-year-old. “I know, Sweetheart,” Felicity softly replied, trying to keep the pain from her voice, “but Mommy can’t give you anymore water right now. We have to save it.” “Why?” Felicity looked over at the ship, and Rey’s eyes followed. “Do you think Mommy wanted to land here?” Felicity asked. A loud bang and a puff of flame and smoke rose from the ship. “No,” Rey looked back to her mommy. “Where are we?” “We’re on a planet called Jakku,” Felicity explained. “You remember that from my stories, right?” Rey nodded, “The planet whose coordinates are Uncle Brendan’s birthdate.” “Correct. I took us here because Uncle Diego would know to look for us here. He would tell Daddy, who would come and get us, but I wanted to land in a place called Niima Outpost.” “But the ship blew up.” “Right, so we’re on the right planet, but just not in the right spot. We have to get to Niima Outpost to call, Daddy.” “Then who is coming to get us?” Rey asked. “No one, yet,” Felicity confessed. There was no point in giving Rey false hope with the uncertain path before them. “You, see, the thing is there aren’t any towns or places to get food and water and a ride between here and Niima Outpost. So we have to walk to Niima Outpost, and in order to have the energy to walk, Mommy needs to take special care that we have enough food and water to last the trip. “Can you carry me?” “No. That takes a lot of energy and Mommy needs to keep her energy or we’ll never make it.” “We’ll die?” Rey exclaimed. Felicity said in a dead serious voice, “You are not going to die. I won’t let that happen. I promise.” “What about you? Will you die?” Felicity let the silence linger for a moment too long. “Mommy!” Rey cried out. “Mommy will do whatever it takes to keep you safe,” Felicity vowed. “That might mean Mommy does some things you don’t like, and some things Mommy might not be proud of. But I will get you back to Daddy. I swear that to you, Sweetheart.” Felicity words didn’t comfort Rey, and Felicity couldn’t stop Rey from bursting into tears. She tried to hush Rey, worrying that Rey would deplete the water in her body from the crying, but Rey was inconsolable. Trying not to cry herself, Felicity pulled Rey into a tight hug. “Shhh, it’s okay, Sweetheart,” Felicity soothingly rubbed Rey’s back. “Please don’t cry. Mommy doesn’t like when you cry.” “I’m scared, Mommy,” Rey sobbed. “Mommy’s going to protect you,” Felicity swore. “But she gets needs you to be brave.” “I can’t,” Rey wailed. “I can’t be brave now.” As Rey sobbed, her foot accidentally kicked one of the canisters of water next to the survival bag. Seeing the canister, Felicity got an idea. She took a deep breath, gathered herself, and gently pulled back from Rey. “Then you don’t have to be brave,” Felicity rubbed the sides of Rey’s arms. She had her strong hazel eyes met the mirrored, albeit teary, eyes of her daughter. Felicity said in a strong voice, “Rey, I’m going to tell you a secret. Can you keep a secret?” Rey nodded, and Felicity smiled, happy to see that her questions were keeping Rey engaged in the conversation. “People have the same capacity for bravery.” Felicity picked up the canister, “That means they all can have the same amount of bravery. It’s like this canister. You can have a little water in it or a whole lot, but they can only have one canister’s worth. That’s enough for them to be fully brave for one person. Now, you can share your bravery. I can pour some of this water into another canister, but I’ll still only have enough bravery for one person. Does that make sense?” Rey nodded, her tears drying up as she focused on the canister in her mother’s grasp. “Now, come in close. Mommy’s going to tell you the secret. Promise not to tell?” “Promise,” Rey leaned in. Felicity dramatically looked around, like she feared someone would overhear them, “When a person becomes a parent, they get a second canister of bravery. A whole nother person’s worth.” “Enough for their baby?” “Exactly! And they get one for every child they have, whether by blood, or adopted.” Felicity unconsciously rubbed the tattoo along her right wrist. It read FN-2187 , the serial number of the child she once upon a time tried and failed to save from the First Order, back when the Resistance’s job was to reclaim children kidnapped by the First Order. Felicity had gotten the tattoo so she would never forget about the disastrous mission where a little boy was literally torn out of her arms by a Stormtrooper called Captain Phasma. It was an event that set off the infamous rivalry of Phasma vs Rhiaon. Felicity and Phasma had had many encounters since that day, the most famous of which involved Phasma kidnapping Felicity while she was pregnant with Rey. Felicity may have hated Ben, but she despised Phasma more than even Darth Vader himself. “So the canister,” Felicity shook her head, getting her mind back on track, “is enough so that if a Mommy has a little girl who is afraid, she can pour a little extra bravery into her little girl, and her little girl won’t be scared anymore. Now, I’ve got my full extra canister, but there’s just one small problem. Mommy needs a little bravery herself to get us to Jakku, but Mommy is just as terrified as you.” “So you need some of the bravery?” Rey asked. “No. Take all the bravery. Let Mommy be full-brave for you. It’s my job, and I’m happy to do it, but I do need a little extra bravery. So how about this? How about you take to make some bravery, and you share that with me? I make you full-brave, and you make me, what quarter-brave? A third?” “Half,” Rey grinned. “I can be half-brave for you, Mommy!” “Half-brave,” Felicity declared. “You’ll make Mommy half-brave! That’s perfect!” Perfect, because that was all Felicity knew she could manage. Felicity let the tears fall that night when she was sure Rey was asleep. The day had been long and hot, and the novelty of adventure had worn off far too quickly for Rey. Felicity couldn’t blame Rey for the complaints near the end of their day long hike: Rey was only five. Felicity’s stomach growled, begging for more sustenance, her parched mouth echoing the chorus. She prayed that she and Rey had made good headway to Niima, but Felicity was uncertain and far too tired for the calculations to figure it out. Every muscle ached in Felicity’s body as she sat on a smile hill, Rey sleeping silently next to her. Felicity couldn’t find the peace to sleep: she was terrified something might happen to Rey while she was sleeping. Felicity would never let that happen to Rey again. She never would wake up to Rey’s desperate screams; even if it meant Felicity would never sleep again. She wanted Luke. Throughout the day, Felicity refused to let him enter her mind. It was too painful to entertain the ache she felt for her husband. Felicity wanted Luke. She wanted his arms wrapped around her. His lips pressing against her own. Their hands lazily clasping as they strolled along. Their bodies intertwined and molded into one as they made love. Felicity didn’t care want they were doing: she just wanted Luke. She knew he wasn’t dead: the notion of Cade Ren killing Luke Skywalker was ridiculous. Felicity knew somewhere out there he was desperately searching for them. Luke was probably staying at Leia’s apartment on Hosnian Prime. Bags under his eyes, lines across his forehead, arguing with Leia that he didn’t need to eat, but rather find Felicity and Rey. He was probably blaming himself for what happened, but Felicity refused to lay it on anyone but Ben. Ben Solo had destroyed their life. Felicity cried softly, trying not to wake the peacefully sleeping Rey. It had taken a long time for Felicity to convince Rey she’d be safe to sleep. Rey could sense Felicity’s distress, and once again Felicity cursed Luke’s damn Force Sensitive DNA for corrupting her little girl. A mother had the right to lie to her daughter that everything would be okay, and have said daughter believe it. Stupid midi-chlorian tattletales. Felicity watched the steady breathing of Rey as she slept. Rey was curled up with the survival blanket; a specially designed blanket that would adapt to the environment. Felicity shivered, holding herself in a vain attempt to keep warm. Who knew that the desert got so cold at night. Once again Felicity cursed Past Luke and Past Felicity for their planning. It was true that their survival pack could only carry so much, but only one blanket? Felicity was seriously doing their other packs when they got home. Felicity sighed and began digging through the pack. She wasn’t going to keep cold if she didn’t have to. Felicity pulled out some of the spare clothes. It wasn’t like she or Rey needed winter clothes, and Luke’s clothing was free game since he wasn’t around. Her hands set on something orange, and Felicity paused. It was Luke’s flight suit. It was used, though maybe not really in need of a wash. Luke must have stripped out of it sometime before returning to Rornian. He might have even changed out of it when stashing Reine’s lightsaber in the bag. Felicity ran her hand over the suit. It was Luke’s. It may have been “dirty” but it was Luke’s. It had touched him not much longer before the last time she had. Felicity lifted it out of the bag, and hesitated. She held it against her face and closed her eyes, pretending he was wearing it as he lovingly held her. Felicity didn’t try to inhale the scent or anything, because seriously why did book go on about characters smelling like things? To Felicity, Luke either smelled like a person, cologne if he was wearing it, or BO when she would tell him to take a shower. Luke didn’t magically carry the lingering scent of sand, lightsaber, and fried Death Star bits, or whatever the hell the girls wrote in their fan mail to him. No, Felicity justified holding the flight suit against her face on the basis that it was in good enough laundered condition to be like when he was away on a trip, and she stole his pillow as a reminder of him. Yes, it was like a pillow. …Or maybe a blanket. Felicity dug out the sewing kit and fished out a pair of scissors. She was about to cut the fabric when suddenly she heard something. “Daddy,” Rey moaned in her sleep. “I want you, Daddy.” Felicity smiled; she knew just how to get Daddy for Rey. Luke tossed and turned in the guest bed of Han and Leia’s apartment on Hosnian Prime. His comlink was set on the side table next to his lightsaber and a set of clothes. At the drop of a hat, he could be up and ready to go get his wife and child. He wanted them back so bad. A million scenarios played in his mind. Where were they? Were they safe? Were they comfortable? Luke didn’t want to sleep. He wanted to find Felicity and Rey. Everything that wasn’t tracking them down was a waste of time. Replacing his synth skin had yet to be done, as it wasted too much time. Responding to the media’s questions on the events of the Burning of Rornian was a waste of time. Eating was a waste of time, though Han had physically forced him to after he got annoyed with Luke and Leia’s arguments every meal time. Sleeping was just wasting time. He wouldn’t even try it sleep if Leia hadn’t tricked him into the room and locked the door until morning. It was the same bed Luke had slept in when he received that blessed yet accursed vision of Rornian burning. He had had trouble that night too, struggling to sleep without the snores of his petite wife against him, stealing the blanket. Felicity’s snores had become a soothing rhythm to fall asleep to, and even if they weren’t, Luke still got the better end of their bed sharing deal. Luke may not snore, but he was prone to kick in his sleep whenever he got a vision from the Force. Being the Grandmaster, his visions were so frequent that Felicity’s threats to smother Luke in his sleep if he didn’t stop kicking her was almost part of their nightly routine. Luke missed their nightly routine. He missed tucking Rey into bed while Felicity showered. Luke missed the way Rey’s eyes would light up as he told her stories of their family’s many adventures. He missed Rey falling asleep in his protective arms and sending Artoo to get Felicity’s help to rescue him without awaking Rey. Luke missed Felicity laughing at his predicament until Luke pinned her against the hallway wall in a playful, passionate kiss. He missed the nights where that passionate kiss would turn into a bout of lovemaking as he inhaled the scent of her freshly washed hair. Luke missed the way he and Felicity would chat for hours whether or not they had made love, talking about everything and nothing until they drifted off to sleep. He missed them, and he wanted them back. When he found them, Luke would never again let them go. Well… He would never let Felicity go. Luke would briefly let Rey go and send her to Han and Leia so he could make love to Felicity more passionately than he had ever before. And that was saying something considering once he threw out his back. “Daddy?” a hesitant voice came through the Force. Rey was unsure of the connection she was making, and Luke fought back tears as he heard his little girl’s voice speak to him. “Daddy, I want you.” Luke smiled. Rey was speaking to him. He finally had confirmation that Rey was alive. Luke would have burst into Han and Leia’s room proudly proclaiming the discovery if Leia hadn’t locked Luke’s door. He couldn’t wait to tell them in the morning. “Daddy wants you to,” Luke spoke back through the Force. “Rey, where are you? Are you safe? Is Mommy safe? Speak to me.” “She won’t answer you,” Obi-Wan Kenobi’s voice replied. “She’s speaking to you in here sleep. She’s not conscious to the connection. I don’t know if she’ll even recall this in the morning.” “Obi-Wan!” Luke exclaimed. He had gotten into the habit of referring to Kenobi’s true name as not to confuse Ben Solo. “You can tell me! Are Felicity and Rey safe? Where are they?” “I’m sorry, Luke,” Obi-Wan replied. “But you know the rules. We can only offer you guidance. We cannot tell you the living status, location, or specific current actions of another person. I cannot tell you where Felicity and Rey are, specifically what they’re doing, or even if they’re alive.” “But you just told me that Rey is sleeping.” “That falls under the vague category,” Anakin Skywalker input. “Have faith in your family, Luke. Rey’s a Skywalker after all, and that wife of yours… Well, I can count on one hand how many people have ever injured me during the Vader phase.” “Phase?” Obi-Wan shot. “Oh, not this again,” Anakin groaned. Luke chuckled, remembering the story of Rogue Squadron’s encounter with Vader while stealing the Death Star plans. Felicity had managed to get her team away when she shot Vader in the life support system and he went down. When Luke informed his father that he was marrying the girl who once shot Vader, Anakin had chuckled and said, “That girl? I like her. She’s feisty.” Felicity turned to drinking upon hearing that Darth Vader had called her feisty. “So, Rey won’t remember what I say to her when morning comes?” Luke asked when he realized Obi-Wan and Anakin had been bickering over definition Anakin’s time as Vader as being a ‘phase.’ “That remains to be seen,” Obi-Wan answered. “But she won’t reply now.” “You can still give it a shot,” Anakin encouraged. “Now if anyone needs me, I’m going to go to that embarrassment I call a grandson and try to talk some sense into him.” “He couldn’t have done that before?” Luke bitterly snapped before he could stop himself. “Anakin’s been trying for years, Luke,” Obi-Wan explained. “Ben just won’t allow himself to see Anakin. I think I’ll join Anakin in his attempt. My namesake is shaming our good name.” Luke chuckled as the Force became quiet. Even years after their deaths and the whole Vader fiasco, Anakin and Obi-Wan still bickered like brother. Luke hoped twenty years from now, he and Han still acted the same. Luke settled in his bed, comforted by his knowledge that Rey was safe. Replaying her call through the Force to him and in his mind, Luke made one last attempt to reach her before falling asleep. “Rey, wake up,” Felicity urged the next morning. “Daddy?” Rey moaned in confusion as her eyes fluttered open. Mommy was smiling down at her, and all around was an endless stretch of desert. Daddy was nowhere to be found. “I thought I heard Daddy. He said he misses us and hopes we’re safe.” “It must have been a dream, Sweetheart,” Felicity gathered their breakfast from the survival kit. She didn’t dare get Rey’s hopes up that Luke had contacted them through the Force, but Felicity allowed the thought to secretly comfort herself. She handed Rey her breakfast, “Eat up. We have another long day of walking.” Rey observed her mother as they had their breakfast. Felicity’s eyes had bags under them and she kept yawning. “Are you tired, Mommy?” Rey asked. “A little,” Felicity confessed. “I didn’t get much sleep last night.” “Mommy needs her full energy if we’re going to make it to Niima,” Rey teased. “Cheeky,” Felicity ruffled Rey’s hair. She then turned to the survival bag and pulled something out, “I have a surprise for you. This is why Mommy didn’t sleep a lot last night. She was busy making this.” Rey gasped as Felicity held up a blanket that had been patched together with the spare clothing in the survival bag. “Daddy!” Rey exclaimed as she focused on Luke’s familiar flight suit taking up the middle of on side of the blanket. “Yeah, Mommy needed her own blanket and thought Daddy wouldn’t mind,” Felicity grinned. “And if he does, well… Mommy has her ways of making sure he doesn’t.” “Or those the grownup things Aunt Leia doesn’t let Uncle Han and Uncle Lando joke about around me?” “Some of them. Daddy didn’t just marry me for one thing after all.” Rey suddenly noticed something odd about the flight suit, “Mommy, what happened to the sleeves of Daddy’s flight suit?” “I cut them off.” “Why?” “To make this,” Felicity pulled another item out of the bag that made Rey gasp. A small doll had been stitched out of the flight suit and a few other pieces of clothing and stuffed with sand to look like a Rebellion X-Wing Pilot, “I heard you calling for Daddy last night, so I thought I’d make you this.” Rey happily accepted the doll, “Is it Daddy?” “Daddy. Uncle Wedge. Uncle Diego. Poe Dameron. Whatever pilot you want,” Felicity shrugged. “I modeled it after Daddy, but there’s no skin tone, so it can be whoever you want. Just not Grandpa Anakin.” Rey hugged the doll tightly, “Thank you, Mommy.” “You’re welcome, Sweetheart,” Felicity packed their items in the bag. She held out a hand and pulled Rey to her feet, “Now, come on. The sooner we get to Niima, the sooner you can show Daddy your new doll.” Felicity Rhiaon miscalculated. She realized it on their forth night when she recalculated their position to Niima while Rey slept. They were still a few days from the Outpost, maybe three or four. Felicity only had enough food and water for one more day. She did her best to hide it from Rey in the morning, but Rey sensed Felicity’s distress through the Force. Felicity was forced to admit to Rey they were running out of food when Rey asked why Mommy hadn’t eaten breakfast or lunch. Rey had been upset to hear Mommy was giving up her portions of food and water, but Felicity was tired, hungry, overheated, and frankly had had enough of Rey’s whining. Felicity knew Rey was young and irrational, but she couldn’t stop herself from snapping at Rey. “Rey, nothing has changed around us! There’s no food, no shade, no water, and no civilization! I cannot do anything more right now! Stop crying about it!” That outburst led to Felicity apologizing non-stop to Rey during their rest between 11 am and 2 pm. She and Rey shared the last of their water and final portion of food. Felicity refused to tell Rey what running out of food and water meant, and Rey was too afraid to ask. “I’m hungry, Mommy,” Rey whispered as Felicity laid her against the sand that night to rest. Rey was very pale and barely had the energy to move. “I know, Sweetheart,” Felicity couldn’t fight back the tears. She kissed Rey’s forehead, “I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry. Please, just close your eyes and sleep. I promise it’ll be better in the morning.” Rey tried to sleep but couldn’t. Felicity wasn’t mad; she couldn’t sleep either. “Poe taught me a trick one time,” Rey said as she and Mommy lay next to each other staring at the stars trying to figure out which one Daddy was on. “He said that if you ever get in a situation where you get really upset, but can’t do anything to change things, you should dig a hole and scream in it.” “Dig a hole and scream? Why?” Felicity asked in amusement. It was nice to have a conversation distracting her from the nagging thought that she was being a terrible parent letting her daughter be tired and thirsty and hungry. “The screaming gets the angry out,” Rey explained. “And the digging gives you something to beat up and focus on.” “Dig a hole and scream,” Felicity chuckled. “You want to do that?” Rey nodded. “Alright, let’s dig a hole,” Felicity sat up but Rey didn’t follow. “Sweetheart?” Rey looked like she was going to cry, “I- I can’t sit up.” Felicity cringed as she looked over Rey. Rey was pale and still. Her breathing was labored and if Felicity didn’t know any better, she might have thought Rey wasn’t breathing. “How about I dig the hole and then move you to it?” Felicity suggested. “You just close your eyes.” “Okay, Mommy.” So Felicity dug a hole. She had no shovel, so she dug it with her bare hands. Frequently she looked over at her daughter and every time almost had a heart acted. Eyes closed, pale skin, undetectable breathing, unnaturally still. Rey looked dead. When Felicity was finished digging the hole, she did as promised and moved Rey so they could scream. As they took turns screaming, Felicity had to admit that it did help a little bit. It helped enough that Rey was able to sleep. Felicity feared what would happen when Rey woke up. Rey couldn’t move in the morning. “Carry me, Mommy?” Rey asked when Felicity determined that Rey wasn’t faking it. Rey legitimately could not get up and walk. “Alright,” Felicity picked up Rey and began carrying her. They would get there slower, but Felicity had no choice. With no food, water, or signs of civilization, they were running out of time. “Momma, where’s Papa?” Rey’s question on the seventh day threw Felicity for a loop. Momma? Papa? Rey never called Luke and Felicity those terms. It was always Mommy and Daddy, or Mom and Dad if she was feeling bratty. Momma and Papa were terms you found in old stories, and Luke and Felicity hated the titles. Luke always said he felt like an eighty year old grandfather when her heard the term Papa. But even more troubling was the question itself. “Daddy’s with Aunt Leia,” Felicity reminded. “Why isn’t he here? And where are we?” Felicity stopped in her tracks. “Rey, let’s take a little rest. Mommy wants to look at you,” Felicity set Rey down and placed a hand on Rey’s forehead. “Does your head hurt?” “A little,” Rey answered. Felicity looked over Rey. Rey’s skin looked red; at first Felicity thought it might be sunburn, but examining her arms closely Felicity determined that Rey was flushed. She checked Rey’s pulse and watched Rey’s chest as she breathed. Rey was fast on both accounts. Confusion. Headache. Flushed skin. Racing pulse. Rapid, shallow breathing. Fear struck Felicity. No, it couldn’t be. She had been so careful. Rey couldn’t have- Felicity dug in the bag and pulled out the thermometer from the medical kit. She took Rey’s temperature and observed the result with horror. 104 degrees Fahrenheit. Rey had heatstroke. Felicity needed shade now. She threw everything back in her bag, scooped Rey into her arms, and ran. Felicity ran as fast and as far as she could. When she thought she could run no further, she looked down at her dying daughter and found the strength to push forward. Even if it meant she ran until she dropped dead, Felicity would not stop until her daughter was safe. Felicity had no idea if she was heading in the correct direction, or even what she was looking for, but she didn’t care. She quite literally held a matter of life and death in her arms. “Hold on, Sweetheart,” Felicity begged as Rey groaned in her arm. “Please hold on.” An hour later the vomiting started. What little was in Rey’s stomach ended up splatted on Felicity’s clothing. But Felicity don’t even flinch, it was simply a reminder to her that Rey was very close to the end. Again and again, Rey vomited as Felicity carried her on. She threw up until all was left was stomach acid, and then there was nothing. The sound of Rey’s dry heaving carried across the desert as tears gathered in Felicity’s eyes. She wanted Rey’s pain to stop, but what would happen when it did? Overwhelmed by the possibility that Rey was about to die in her arms, Felicity did something she hadn’t done in years. She prayed. “I don’t believe in destiny or fate,” Felicity let the words in her head reach into the great unknown. “But I know there is something more in the universe. It may not dictate my actions, or have set my choices, but something is out there. And in this moment of desperation, I ask, I pray, I beg please help me save my daughter. Don’t take my ray of light from me. Don’t let her die.” And the great unknown delivered. As Felicity came to the top of a desert hill, she spotted it: a downed AT-AT, laying on its side. Felicity and Rey had seen a great many battle remains on Jakku, and used them as shelter. But they were few and far between, the machines being concentrated mostly near Niima Outpost. Felicity burst into tears at the sight of the AT-AT, but she paused to observe the situation. She looked down to see that Rey had fallen asleep. Felicity pulled out the survival blanket and laid it on the sand. She rested Rey atop it, and covered her with the patchwork blanket. Felicity pulled out her blaster, and with great reluctance left Rey to check out the AT-AT. It was abandoned and untouched by the scavengers. There was a large enough space for someone to live in, and even had scraps of supplies. Felicity was quick to bring Rey inside. Wasting no time, Felicity pulled the gels packs out of the bag and snapped them to activate their cooling powers. In the fog of her own overheated mind, she hadn’t thought to use them before that moment. She rested a pack against the survival blanket to see how it reacted to the backs. When Felicity saw that the blanket cooled, she set about placing the cool packs against Rey’s groin, neck, back and armpits before wrapping her in the survival blanket. She thanked the Force that Luke had rambled on with so many childhood stories involving people getting heat stroke that Felicity memorised the cooling technique. Of course, Felicity would need to get Rey to the doctor to completely heal her, but it was a start. Felicity raided the AT-AT for food supplies. Unfortunately all water had been long evaporated, but she managed to find food rations. Expired nutrient bars, but food nonetheless. Felicity took a small bite out of one to test if they were still edible, and upon tasting food for the first time in days, Felicity finished the whole thing in less than a minute. Finding her self-control, she gathered up the rest and brought them back to where Rey was wrapped up. “Rey, Sweetheart, I found some food,” Felicity settled next to Rey. “Here, eat this.” But Rey didn’t stir. “Rey?” Felicity very was nervous as she saw how pale and still Rey was. She gently prodded her daughter, “Rey, Sweetheart, please wake up.” Rey didn’t move. Fear overtook Felicity. No, she had gotten Rey to safety. She had made it. Felicity didn’t care if Rey was so young and sunstroke so harsh, they had made it to safety. Rey had to be alright. “Rey, come on, this isn’t funny,” Felicity shook the little girl. “Rey, wake up!” Tears fell from Felicity’s eyes onto Rey’s face, but still Rey did not move. “Rey! Wake up! Wake up, Rey!” Felicity begged. “You’re safe! You’ll be alright! Please, Rey, wake up. REY! WAKE UP! REY! ” Rey wasn’t breathing. Chapter 5 : Miracles on Jakku Summary: After struggling to keep Rey alive and bartering a way to Niima, Felicity's day gets even worse when she faces an unforeseen complication while contacting Luke. The Long Way Home Chapter Five Miracles on Jakku Felicity immediately began CPR. “Come on, Sweetheart. Rey, please wake up,” Felicity begged as she pumped her hands against Rey’s chest. “Rey, Mommy’s here. Mommy’s got you. You’re safe. Please wake up.” Counting thirty compressions, Felicity stopped to administer a set of rescue breaths. She tilted back Rey’s head, pinched her nostrils together, and sealed Rey’s mouth with her own. Felicity watched in disappointment as both breaths failed to raise Rey’s chest. Felicity straightaway went back to chest compressions. “Please, Sweetheart. Wake up. Come on, wake up. Please, wake up.” There was no such thing as time anymore to Felicity. It could have been seconds or it could have been years since she started, but she wasn’t going to stop until her little girl was breathing again. “Come on, Rey. Just one little breath,” Felicity’s voice shook as tears blurred the sight of her tiny daughter looking so pale, lying perfectly still in the sand. “Can you give Mommy one tiny breath?” Felicity was hysterical. She begged, pleaded, prayed, scolded, and offered Rey anything she could dream of: toys, pets, clothing, delicious foods, her very own lightsaber, never having to go to school again, flying the Falcon at age five. Anything Rey wanted, Felicity would give her. She just needed Rey to live. “Wake up, Baby. Please, wake up,” Felicity’s tears splashed on Rey’s pallid face. Felicity was never one for pet names, choosing only to call Rey “Sweetheart” and finding the term “Baby” to be ridiculous. Even Luke chose to only use the pet name “Sweetheart” for Rey and Felicity. Although, he was never really one for nicknames to begin with. After spending too much time with Han and Leia, Luke had really been nicknamed out. Yet in that moment, as hope slipped further and further away, Felicity could not call Rey anything but Baby. That was what Rey was: Felicity’s little baby girl. The little baby she had conceived in love and carried in joy for nine months. The little baby who was the light at the end of the tunnel after Felicity’s difficult transition into motherhood. The little baby who was her ray of hope as Felicity struggled through postpartum depression. The little baby Felicity had fought and killed countless enemies to protect from harm. The little baby Felicity had rescued from a massacre and braved a desert for seven days to keep alive. The little baby who was lying dead in the sand. “Please, don’t die,” Felicity wailed. “Please, wake up. Wake up, Rey! Please, wake up!” But as Rey continued to be unresponsive, Felicity’s desperation turned into anger and guilt. “Don’t you dare die on me, Rey!” Felicity vehemently chastised. Her firm chest compressions pressed down so forcefully that Felicity wouldn’t be surprised if she broke one of Rey’s ribs. “Don’t you dare do this to me! I promised to protect you, to bring you home. I promised that you’d live, Rey, so live, damn it! LIVE! ” Rey didn’t move. Felicity didn’t hear the faint rumble of the motor advancing on the AT-AT, but she certainly heard the footsteps when they approached. Using her break to administer the rescue breaths, Felicity did her best to lean over and grab the survival bag. It was just out of reach. Grumbling as she restarted the chest compressions, Felicity stretched out her leg and hooked her foot over the bag strap. She clumsily pulled it across the sand so the bag was resting next to her. Felicity administered the next set of breaths as she reached for the bag. She had just eased the zipper open when a stranger came barrelling red-faced and furious into the AT-AT. “What do you think you’re doing?” demanded a male alien, who was a species Felicity had never encountered before. He looked something of a cross between an anteater and a wolf. “This is my territory!” Felicity ignored the alien and did her best to angle her body to hide Rey from his sightline. She didn’t care if the alien wouldn’t recognize Rey. Felicity dictated who did and did not get to see her daughter, and a hostile stranger did not get to see Rey. “Did you hear me, girl?” the alien snapped. “This is my turf! I’m the only one who scavenges in these parts!” Felicity still did not respond. “Are you deaf or just stupid?” the alien yelled, storming towards Felicity. He didn’t see her hand closing over something inside the bag next to her. He aggressively grabbed Felicity’s shoulder to force her to turn and face him, “This is my walker if I have to drag you by the hair out of here-” The alien suddenly found himself staring down the barrel of Felicity’s blaster. “If you try one more time to stop me from resuscitating my daughter, I will kill you,” Felicity coolly threatened. The alien then noticed the very still, pale child lying on the ground that the woman was kneeling next to. As he registered the woman’s puffy red eyes and the desperation and seriousness in her face, his own transformed into a look of guilt. The alien weakly released his grip on the woman’s shoulder, and she immediately turned back to resume CPR. “That poor kid,” the alien offered. “Too young to die.” “She’s not going to die!” Felicity snapped. The alien gave Felicity a sympathetic look as if she were the most naïve person he had ever met, “Try all you want, Girlie, but we have a saying around these parts. Miracles-” “Don’t happen on Jakku,” Felicity finished remembering the words from long ago. She had of course heard them on her previous visit, the people of Niima repeating them so often it might as well be put on the town flag. At the time, after suffering through so much tragedy, death, and betrayal, Felicity had nearly lost herself to the words, altering them and adopting them as her own personal mantra. Miracles don’t happen. She had repeated them over and over ago. She whispered them to herself in the dead of night after dreaming of ways she would save her friends if she could turn back the clock. She whispered them to herself when the Rebel medics told her she waited too long for treatment, and they couldn’t fix the scar Vader’s lightsaber had left on her back. She whispered them to herself when the report came in that the Death Star plans had been lost and Leia captured. She whispered them to herself when she lost her nerve halfway through stealing a Rebel ship to go rogue and track down the plans on Tatooine. She whispered them to herself when she learned it would take a one in a million shot to destroy the Death Star. But that had all been before Luke Skywalker. Luke Skywalker who had given purpose to the death of her friends. Luke Skywalker who loved her scar and taught her not to hate lightsabers, but rather those who used them for evil. Luke Skywalker who had rescued both Leia and the plans, and brought them home. Luke Skywalker who would make that one in a million shot and save the Galaxy. Luke Skywalker who would honor that achievement in a celebration ten years later where he would meet her. Luke Skywalker who had reminded her what home and love felt like. Luke Skywalker who had been her miracle. Luke Skywalker who, with Felicity created the most perfect miracle to ever grace the galaxy. A miracle that was lying before her dead in the sand. Felicity didn’t care if she was on Jakku, because of Luke Skywalker she knew that miracles did happen, and she’d be damned if she couldn’t make one happen for Rey. “You’re going to be alright, Rey,” Felicity didn’t know whether she was assuring her daughter or herself. She had to make this miracle happen. “Come on, breathe! Breathe! BREATHE !” A loud gasp suddenly filled the walker. “Rey!” Felicity burst into tears, slumping back on the sand in a sitting position. She wept, her hands shaking violently as she thanked the Force over and over for allowing her to save Rey. Rey gave a series of raspy breaths, her lungs struggling to readjust to a normal breathing pattern. Felicity forced Rey to sit up, and immediately Rey threw her arms around Felicity’s neck. Rey clung tightly to her mother, but Felicity gave a ginger hug, careful not to restrict Rey’s airflow. Felicity would have loved nothing more than to crush her daughter with such a tight hug it would leave her breathless. “Well, would you look at that,” the alien had a slight smile on his face. “I guess miracles do happen on Jakku.” “We’re not out of the woods yet,” Felicity couldn’t help but give a slight smile. She placed her hands on Rey’s body to feel the heat of her skin. Rey was still burning up. Felicity began to rewrap Rey in the survival blanket, “Just lie still here for a couple minutes, Sweetheart. Mommy has to figure out what to do next.” The alien shook his head before taking a closer look at the pair, “Sorry for snapping at you. I thought you were a scavenger.” “So the lack of speeder didn’t tip you off?” Felicity shot, digging through her medical kit for inspiration. “I suppose not,” the alien chuckled. “Must have had a hell of a walk.” “That’s one way of putting it.” “Indeed. I’m Quom Tinadar. Who might you be?” Felicity considered her answer. “Jyn Erso,” Felicity offered one of her various aliases from her undercover work during the rebellion. Unfortunately, she had already spoken Rey’s name, so she couldn’t cover that up, “This is my daughter, Rey.” Rey frowned. Jyn Erso wasn’t Mommy’s name. Rey opened her mouth to question why Mommy had lied when she caught the warning look on Mommy’s face. Rey immediately fell silent. “What’s wrong with the girl?” Quom asked. “Heatstroke,” Felicity answered. “It wouldn’t be that bad if she wasn’t so young-” “Heatstroke?” Quom burst out laughing. “You can’t honestly tell me you haven’t used your pills?” “Pills?” “Don’t tell me you’re out here without some of Unkar Plutt’s pills. You’d have to be an idiot to wander Jakku unprepared.” “I-” Felicity paused. Considering her ill-planning on the food situation, Felicity couldn’t bring herself to refute the claim. “What pill are you talking about?” “The cooling pill?” Quom prompted. “The one that helps with heatstroke? I’d never have a kid that young walking around the desert without-” “Do you have one with you now?” Felicity demanded. Quom looked taken aback by the interruption. Jyn had the ferocity of a nexu protecting her cub. “Possibly,” Quom’s eyes drifted to the entrance of the walker where his speeder and supplies waited not very far away. Felicity’s eyes narrowed. As much as she could do for Rey, Felicity knew there was no way she could get Rey to a doctor in time without another miracle. A miracle that in this case took the form of Quom Tinadar’s pill. And she was getting that pill. In that moment, nothing mattered to Felicity but Rey’s survival. Her ethics as a good person. Her adherence to a moral compass. Her fidelity to her husband. Her honour as a fair individual. Her belief to only taking a life in self-defence. None of that mattered. If saving Rey meant she had to lie, cheat, steal, or even murder the man in front of her, Felicity would not hesitate. “What would it take to get you to give me that pill?” Felicity asked. “What are you willing to offer?” Quom countered. Felicity looked between Rey and Quom, before rising to her feet. She gave Quom her infamous seductive smirk, but kept one hand on the hilt of her blaster. Reaching his side, Felicity looked back at Rey once more before leaning in close enough that Quom could feel Felicity’s breath against his pointed, furry ear. “ Anything ,” Felicity whispered. She was fairly certain that Luke wouldn’t be happy that she offered Quom the seduction route, but he also wouldn’t condemn her considering the circumstances. She watched as Quom looked her up and down. He gulped as her finger stroked the hilt of her blaster. Felicity then smiled and casually looked towards her supply bag. In a few small movements she had presented Quom with his options. “The choice is yours,” Felicity cocked her head playfully. Her voice was the perfect mix of seduction, bartering, and threat. “Sorry, Girlie,” Quom chuckled, “while you certainly do get, how do you humans say it? You get my motor running, Vrogem and Humans aren’t… physically compatible. But that’s a nice bag you’ve got over there.” Felicity knew she had leverage, “Anything catch your eye?” “Well, let’s take a look.” “Go ahead,” Felicity gestured to the bag. “You can have anything in this bag in exchange for your pill.” Rey gave a small whimper and Felicity saw her eyes flick to something. “Except the doll,” Felicity gave an amused smile. “That’s my daughter’s.” Quom dug through the bag. “This is pretty good stuff you’ve got. It must leave you wanting for nothing.” “You’d be surprised.” “Alright, how about my pill for the flares, flashlight, one of these sleeping bags?” “That depends. What exactly does the pill do?” “It’ll cool down the girl’s internal body temperature for a couple of hours. That should give you enough time to take a speeder ride to the doctor in Niima. It’s a good deal. One pill is worth twenty full portions of food, which is several weeks of work. Oh, and I’m also going to demand that you and your girl leave this walker.” Felicity frowned. She had been so focused on a short term solution, she had barely thought about what she would do next. Staying in a tent for a month was fine when she was twenty-one and with twenty-seven-year-old Diego Nalto. But her five-year-old daughter? No, Rey needed a higher level of protection; protection the walker could offer. There wasn’t anything around for miles, and it was a large, sturdy structure. It was the perfect place to hide if Felicity could figure out a way to get to and from Niima to collect food and water. Not to mention she would have to use the communication station in Niima to contact Luke to come pick them up. Her mind was made up; Felicity wanted food, water, the pill, the walker, and transportation to Niima. Quom Tinadar was going to give her all of that. “I’ll give you those items, but the walker’s mine and I get all the food and water you have,” Felicity said. Quom chuckled, “You two aren’t from here, are you?” “Look, I don’t care what turf wars are happening on Jakku. I’m just trying to find a way to keep my daughter safe and get her home. If that means setting up camp in a walker for a while, then so be it.” “Let me guess, your ship crashed and now you think you own the place? Don’t forget, I haven’t given you the pill yet. I still have the upper hand here, Girlie.” Felicity’s eyes went cold, “First of all, I am not ‘Girlie.’ I am forty-one years old. I am way past ‘Girlie,’ long done with ‘Miss,’ drifting away from ‘Ms,’ don’t even get me started on ‘Mrs,’ and am even pushing ‘Ma’am.’ Do not call me ‘Girlie.’ And secondly, as far as I see it, I found this walker which means it’s mine .” “And as far as I see it, Erso,” Quom snapped, “I can easily walk away right now with my pill and leave your daughter to die.” Felicity drew her blaster and pointed it at Quom. The alien froze, fear filling his eyes, as Rey gently whimpered in the background. “Listen to me, Scavenger,” Felicity’s voice was dark, “I have faced many enemies in my life. If you were to add yourself to my list, I guarantee you wouldn’t break the top twenty. In fact, you’re so insignificant that I would probably even forget I killed you. Don’t make the mistake of thinking I’m a naïve outsider. I’ve been on Jakku before; I’ve dealt with your kind. Yes, my daughter and I are stuck here, but you can’t imagine what we just escaped from.” Rey shuddered as she remembered the night of the massacre. “Now, I’m a reasonable woman,” Felicity continued. “I was a professional negotiator for years. I’ve handled far worse than you. I don’t want to kill you – I think it would be a waste, plus a very traumatic sight for my daughter – but I will if I have to. Since I doubt that you wish for me to kill you, I’m fairly certain that somehow you and I can work out an agreement. There has to be something in here I can offer you. Something worth giving up this walker.” Quom’s eyes narrowed in on the golden bands on Felicity’s left hand, “You’re a married woman.” “I assure you that I can take care of myself, but if you are foolish enough to involve my husband, I will warn you, he’s definitely someone you don’t want to cros-” “I want your rings.” Felicity blinked, “My rings?” “Wedding band and engagement,” Quom pointed to her left hand. “Those rings of yours each must be worth at least a year of meals.” “Here,” Felicity pulled them off without hesitation. She held them out, but drew back as he tried to grab them, “But on my terms. I’ll give you the wedding band now; think of it as a deposit. You’re going to give me all of your food and water, plus that pill. You’re going to leave this walker alone, forever . Finally, you will give Rey and I a ride into Niima, taking us to the doctor. After you do, I’ll give you the engagement ring. Deal?” Quom grabbed the wedding ring, “Deal.” Felicity watched carefully as Quom administered the pill to Rey with a drink from his canteen. While they waited for the pill to work, Felicity portioned out the proper amount of food and water for her and Rey to eat. After suffering from starvation, eating too much food, too quickly could easily make them throw up. Next, Felicity took inventory of their remaining possessions as Quom loaded his bounty into his speeder. It was an older model, but vaguely familiar to Felicity. She was fairly certain she had seen another one in a Holo somewhere, but she couldn’t place her finger on where. After taking Rey’s temperature, Felicity decided that Rey was healing enough that she could stash the survival blanket with the rest of the supplies. While Quom was out of the walker, Felicity took the opportunity to hide her bag. She didn’t want to take it into Niima where someone would try to barter for her items, or worse, steal them. When Quom helped Felicity get Rey into the speeder, the only things Felicity had on her were her vomit-stained clothes, her blaster, her credit chip, and her engagement ring. Felicity felt a pang of guilt as she watched Quom stuff her wedding ring into his pocket. While Rey’s life was worth far more than some band of gold, she couldn’t help but get sentimental. She remembered the moment Luke had slid it onto her finger, vowing to love her for the rest of his days. Felicity remembered sliding his own matching band onto his finger and making the same vow. It was ironic that Felicity had been forced to give up the cold, material representation of her love with Luke to save the living, breathing representation of the very same thing. With a tear in her eye, Felicity pressed a kiss to her engagement ring. She remembered the day that Luke had presented it to her. He had proposed to her on the hill overlooking Temple Village, promising to build the house of their dreams on that site, and asking her to enter it as his wife. A home he would build, where they would love each other, create and raise a child in, and build a life together. A home that was now nothing more than ash. “Let’s get going,” Quom’s gruff voice broke Felicity’s reverie. Closing her hand tightly around the ring in her palm, Felicity silently nodded and climbed into the speeder. Sitting in the backseat next to her daughter, Felicity and Rey slowly sipped on Quom’s spare canisters of water. “How are you feeling?” Felicity gently asked, her hand absent-mindedly stroking Rey’s hot, sweaty forehead. She couldn’t help but note that Rey’s temperature felt lower. “Better,” Rey answered. “Are you sure? Are you cooling down? Are your clothes too much? Too little? Are you hungry? Thirsty? Your lips looked very chapped. Are you sure that-” “I’m a lot better, Mommy,” Rey assured her mother in a chuckling tone Felicity was positive Rey had gotten from Luke. Heck, Rey’s need to reassure Felicity of her wellbeing alone was proof enough that the Skywalker genes were acting up. “Are you sure?” Felicity gave Rey a playful smile, but her tone betrayed her lingering concern. “Promise.” Rey glanced down at the canister in her hands, and looked up at Felicity brightly, “I’ve got a whole canister full of okay!” Felicity couldn’t help but laugh and pulled Rey into a tight hug. She pressed a kiss to Rey’s sweaty forehead, and finally gave a sigh of relief as Niima appeared as a dot on the horizon. A tear ran down Felicity’s face. Their home may have been burned to the ground, but as long as Luke, Felicity, and Rey had each other, they knew there was still hope. “Thank you for staying alive,” Felicity whispered to Rey. Rey grinned and gave Daddy’s famous reply, “Anytime.” Felicity almost burst into tears when they arrived in Niima. She had done it: she had gotten Rey to safety. When he parked the speeder, Quom Tinadar pointed out the doctor’s hut and then held out his hand. Felicity sighed and handed over her engagement ring. “Nice doing business with you,” Quom grinned. “Anytime,” Felicity sarcastically replied as she lifted Rey out of the speeder. She didn’t trust Rey’s condition enough to let her walk. “Maybe I’ll see you around, Erso,” Quom chuckled. “You and your little Miracle Girl.” Felicity just shook her head as Quom started up his speeder. Quom had just barely driven back towards the desert when a creature came up to Felicity. “Kachay foo je,” the creature demanded in a language Felicity didn’t understand. For the first time in her life, Felicity missed having Threepio around. “Pardon me,” Felicity politely said, trying to step around him. “Nobata,” the creature cut off her path to the doctor. “Kachay foo je!” Felicity’s eyes narrowed dangerously. Was he really going to put himself between a doctor and a mother holding a dying child? He began gesturing to a stand in the middle of the outpost where a large group of scavengers were lined up. Felicity was fairly certain it hadn’t been there the last time she was on Jakku. Niima Outpost was much smaller at the time, Unkar operating out of a small tent. The Battle of Jakku must have expanded the scavenging business. “I have to get to the doctor,” Felicity snapped. “Move out of the way before I’m forced to harm you.” “Kachay foo je!” the creature exclaimed looking exasperated. “Mommy, he’s saying ‘walk with me,’” Rey suddenly piped up. “He’s speaking Daddy’s language.” “Huttese, of course,” Felicity muttered. “How could I have forgotten?” Luke had been ecstatic the day he learned Felicity could speak his second language. Of course, it was only bits and pieces she had picked up decades ago, but she did know a little. Over the years, Luke had attempted to teach Felicity to speak fluently. Felicity had always struggled with languages and despite Luke’s best efforts, she could only speak Huttese a bit better than she could land a ship. Which basically meant her current trip to Jakku was her own personal hell. Rey on the other hand, was very fluent in the language. The idea to teach Rey Huttese came from a time while Felicity was pregnant with Rey. Luke had gone through a phase where he read every parenting book he could get his hands on. In one, he read that the first few years of a child’s life was the best time to teach them other languages and Luke decided to introduce Rey to as many as possible. Rey, being a Skywalker, had easily picked up on Huttese and often had full conversations with Luke in the language. Which meant Felicity only had one option. “Rey, can you please tell him that Mommy needs to take you to the doctor?” Felicity asked. As Rey turned and said something to the creature, Felicity tried not to dwell on the fact that her five-year-old was acting as her translator. The creature and Rey exchanged a few sentences, and at one point the creature paused to say something into a comlink. After a few more exchanges, Rey looked up at Felicity in excitement. “He says we have to come with him because he’s going to help us get back to Daddy!” Rey proclaimed. Felicity was instantly suspicious, “How does he know Daddy?” “Daddy called his boss and promised them a reward,” Rey explained. “Who’s his boss?” Felicity questioned. “Now you haven’t forgotten me that easily, have you, My Girl?” a voice from the past answered her. Felicity turned to find herself face to face with the familiar, nauseating form of Unkar Plutt. It had been twenty years since Felicity had encountered him, but not a thing had changed. Especially not the way his beady eyes liked to roam over her body. “Plutt,” Felicity said shortly. Protectively she shifted Rey in closer, tightening her embrace on her daughter. “Rhiaon,” Unkar grinned. “You got old.” “Apparently not old enough,” Felicity glared at his hungry gaze. “What do you want?” “To congratulate you. That husband of yours in a fine catch. Very handsome, very powerful, and word on the street, very rich.” Felicity said nothing. It was true, Luke certainly made sure his family wanted for nothing. He had come into a frankly ridiculous amount of credits when he inherited the estate of Darth Vader. There were many rumors about the exact amount, but Luke had not even disclosed it to Felicity until they had been married a full month. Upon seeing the number, Felicity had gone catatonic for an hour until she finally exclaimed that she didn’t care if Vader was the second-in-command for the Empire, Vader had been way overpaid. That said, Luke and Felicity did not live a life of excess. Most of their money went to charity, funding the Jedi Order, and buying their way out of the trouble that seemed to constantly follow them. The credit chips stored in their survival kits – one of said chips being stored on Felicity’s person at that moment – was more than enough to take care of whatever Felicity needed to do to get herself and Rey off of Jakku. Not that Felicity was about to disclose any of that information to Unkar Plutt of all people. “Luke takes care of us,” Felicity offered simply. Normally she would add a caveat that she earned her own way in life, but considering her job was architect to the Jedi Order, Felicity was technically on Luke’s payroll. “You claim to have been in contact with him?” “About a week ago.” “Prove it.” “I thought you might say that,” Unkar held out a small holo recording. A small blue image of a haggard-looking Luke Skywalker was projected from the disc, “"If Rhiaon or Rey shows up, Plutt, you will immediately get them to contact me, and you will take care of their needs until I can come get them. By needs I mean water, shelter, appropriate portions of food, medical attention, and whatever else they ask of you. When I come get them, we will negotiate a reward. If you fail any of my conditions, you will forfeit your prize. Do we have an understanding?” “I naturally agreed to his proposition,” Unkar flicked off the transmission. “So, how much do you think Lover Boy will give me?” “Depends on how well you behave yourself,” Felicity smirked. Luke had given her plenty of leverage to get Plutt to meet her demands. “Now, how about that doctor?” Felicity had barely handed Rey over to Doctor Aletha Kymeri before Plutt was dragging Felicity towards the communication center. She was almost a little disappointed in how eager Plutt was to get his reward. Felicity wanted to stay with Rey, but was also comforted that Dr. Kymeri had been very warm and kindly, vowing to take care of Rey. But only the knowledge that Felicity was about to see Luke and assure him they were okay was what let Felicity leave Rey with the doctor. “She gets as many messages she needs,” Plutt ordered the station attendant as he followed Felicity into the communication room. It was a simple room: four black walls forming a small box, a transmission pad to stand on, a number pad to type in your com code, and a machine that listed basic important code numbers such as the Republic Academy, and the Senate Building on Hosnian Prime. Felicity gave Plutt a look, “Do you mind?” Plutt looked like he did, but he backed out of the room, “Just tell me when you’re done.” Felicity turned to the number pad and paused for a moment to fix up her appearance as best she could. She knew Luke was probably already feeling guilty enough, so there was no point in distressing him further by bluntly displaying the hardships she had been through. Typing in Luke’s personal com code, Felicity let out a sigh of relief. She smiled as the room filled with mechanical squeals as the line tried to connect to Luke. This was it. After seven days of walking through the desert. After being constantly hungry, thirsty, sleepy, and sad. After the loneliness, the bitterness, the grief, the guilt, and the worry. After house fires, ship crashes, massacres, heatstroke, and bartering. After everything they had been through, Felicity and Rey would finally be saf- “The line’s busy!” the operator shouted. What? What? “Try it again!” Felicity ordered. “There has to be a mistake.” “Alright,” the operator retried the call. A few moments of silence passed, “Sorry. Can’t get through.” He had to be joking. Felicity had just walked through the Force damned desert for seven kriffing days with a laughable amount of supplies basically dragging their dying daughter behind her… and Luke had the gall to be busy ? “Are you positive you can’t get through?” Felicity asked. “Sorry, but the line’s all tied up,” the operator replied. “Do you want to leave a message? I can bypass the line, and go straight to his message box system.” “Yes, please,” Felicity’s teeth were gritted. Oh, she was going to leave Luke a message alright. A long, loud, angry message detailing how she would kill Luke when she got her hands on him. A busy line; was he serious? As the operator fiddled with his controls, Felicity paused to mess up her appearance, undoing and worsening her previous appearance. She was going to do anything to make Luke feel the shame of promising to find her and Rey and then apparently being too damn busy to follow through on it. “You’ve reached the message box of Luke Skywalker,” a tired, familiar voice filled the room. Luke sounded desperate, “I’m currently either using, or away from my line at the moment. Please, feel free to leave a message. However, I am currently going through a family emergency, and most likely will be unavailable to return most calls. If you do have any information on the whereabouts of my wife and daughter, please try to contact either my sister, Leia Organa-Solo or brother-in-law, Han Solo.” Oh, Felicity had information about Luke’s wife and daughter alright. They were on Jakku, his daughter recovering from her almost death, and his wife pissed off in the communication center. She didn’t know if she could get even madder than she was at the moment. “I’m sorry,” the clinical female voice of a recording chirped, “but this inbox is currently full.” Felicity was madder. “I can’t get through,” Felicity snapped at the operator, her eyes flashing darkly. “I’m calling someone else.” “Go ahead!” the operator shouted. Felicity typed in Leia’s number. Leia was about to get an earful. Felicity knew that Leia would be just as mad. Heck, Felicity figured she probably should go easy on Luke, or Leia might tear Luke to shreds before Felicity could. A busy line and a full inbox. Felicity couldn’t believe it. And for it to be Luke of all people who was doing this. She couldn’t wait to talk to Leia, because honestly, who was so stupid to- “That line’s busy too!” the operator called. Felicity’s jaw dropped. What kind of sadistic joke were they playing on her? But, the ridiculousness didn’t stop there. Sure enough, just like Luke, Leia’s line was busy and her inbox was full. And so was Han’s, and so was the line for the Falcon , and so was Han and Leia’s home line on Hosnian Prime. What the hell were they doing that was so much more important than finding her ? That very same moment on Hosnian Prime… “Lor San, have you heard anything from my wife and daughter?” “Han, Luke, I have an update: Chewbacca’s taken the Falcon off-line while they search Mandalore.” “Guys, I think Lando blocked my number.” Felicity stared at the number pad in disbelief. She couldn’t get through to them. What was she supposed to do now? It would only be a matter of time before the First Order tracked her ship to Jakku. Then what? Would she hide? Flee? How could she do either? She was in the middle of fighting for the lives of herself and her daughter, and yet their family apparently couldn’t be bothered to leave one com line open. No, she had to keep calling. But who could she call? Her first thoughts were either the lines to her home on Rornian or Luke’s office line. But considering the last time she saw her home and the Jedi Temple, both were on fire, Felicity had little faith either of those lines were still in service. She could call her own office, but who would even answer? Could she call a friend? Diego Nalto? Lando Calrissian? Wedge Antilles? Chewbacca’s family? Kes and Poe Dameron? The thought was tempting, but dangerous. If the First Order was tracking her, calling a friend would put that friend in danger. Calling someone to deliver sensitive information in the hopes that they could call and deliver that information to someone else – someone even Felicity couldn’t get through to at the moment – was placing a little too much trust in the third party. Felicity did trust her friends, but she didn’t trust that the First Order wouldn’t intercept her message before it got to Luke. She thought about calling her old work, the Senate Emissary Office on Coruscant. It would be safer considering it was a governmental line. But she remembered her former boss, Nils Arlos mentioning that the com number had been changed a few months back after it was discovered the First Order had bugged their line. If only Felicity could think of another governmental line to call. Wait, a governmental line? “Put me through to the Senate Building on Hosnian Prime,” Felicity ordered the operator. “Enter extension 1138.” A few moments later a cheerful but diplomatic voice chirped into the room. “You’ve reached the office of Leia Organa-Solo, Senator of Coruscant and Founding General of the Resistance Movement,” Jaina Fel, Leia’s assistant said in a recording. “The Senator is currently experiencing a family emergency, and has taken a leave of absence. You may leave a message if you wish, but know that it might take the Senator some time to return it. If you are calling to express your condolences regarding Felicity and Rey Rhiaon Skywalker, the Senator would like to thank you, but asks you not leave a message to prevent her inbox from filling, and preventing the leaving of messages containing important information regarding search.” Felicity loudly snorted. “If you are a journalist calling to seek further details regarding the Burning of Rornian, the search for the Skywalkers, the movements of the First Order, or the newest recruit of the Knights of Ren, I would like to reiterate the address the Senator made the night after the incident. A statement has been released, and the Senator and her family will not be answering any further questions at this time. There will be a press conference held if there has been a development. If you would still like to leave a message, please press 1.” Felicity pressed one. To Felicity’s surprise, Chancellor Mon Mothma of all people began to speak. “Due to the high volume of calls Senator Organa-Solo has been receiving, the Senate has determined to restrict access of this number to a list of specific persons for select reasons,” the recording said. “A computer system will be going over all messages left, and filtering out the unnecessary one. Only the approved persons correctly identified by voice signature, contacting for an approved reason will be forwarded to the office of Senator Leia Organa-Solo.” Felicity was amazed; people really must have been tying up the Senate lines if Mothma had gotten involved. Jaina’s recorded voice returned, “At the tone, please state your full name, and one of the following reasons for your message: One, Senate Business; two, First Order Information; three, the Search for Felicity Rhiaon; four, Media Inquires; or five, Other.” A beep filled the room. “Felicity Rhiaon Skywalker, the Search for Felicity Rhiaon,” Felicity spoke in a calm, clear voice. She had to be careful that the computer would understand her words, match it to her voice signature, and actually put her message through. “Approved,” Jaina’s recording sounded. Felicity vaguely wondered if there was even a denial message or if an unapproved message would just be deleted when it went to the external sorting computer. In fact, she wondered what things would be filtered out. Would they think the search for herself was unimportant for a business line? She hoped not, or else she was in big trouble. Jaina continued, “At the tone, please leave your message… Beep.” Felicity took a deep breath and composed herself. She was furious at her family, but didn’t want an aggressive tone to get the computer to delete her message. “Hey, Leia, it’s Felicity,” Felicity smiled for the recording. “I’m calling you to tell you that safe. I’ve been trying to contact you and the boys, but funny story, all of your lines have been tied up, and message boxes full. Considering the hoops I had to jump through just to get to this inbox, I can only imagine you guys are so busy trying to find me, you don’t really have the time to actually stop and listen for me.” Felicity took another breath, calming herself before she got into a rant. “I’m worried that the First Order might try to track me, so I’ll keep this brief. I’m fine – a little battered around from my journey – but fine. I would say I’m doing good, but considering the hell I’ve suffered through the past few days, I’ll stick to the word ‘fine.’ Rey is-” Felicity paused. How much should she tell about Rey? She certainly wasn’t about to tell Luke via Leia via an answering machine that an hour ago, Rey had basically died but now was fine. “Well… we can discuss Rey later,” Felicity decided vagueness was the best route. “I’m on Jakku, and I took up that offer Luke arranged. I should be fine for a while, but please, for the love of the Force, would someone please come pick me up? I’d settle for Lando at this point. I love you all. Tell Luke I love him, and that I’m counting the minutes until I see him again.” Felicity hit the end call button. There she had done it; she had left a patient, composed, friendly message that would ensure they come get her. No need to get angry, no need to rant, no need to think about how tired and hot and hungry and thirsty she was. No need to think about how much her feet and head hurt, no need to recall the horrifying sight of her dying daughter, and that desperate attempt to save Rey’s life. No need to think about how after suffering through hell, she couldn’t even get a damn message through to her own family. No need to be upset. And yet, she was. “Call them back,” Felicity ordered the operator. She fumed as she waited through the extensive recordings. No, she was not allowing them to get away with this scott-free. How dare they do this to her? “At the tone, please state your full name, and one of the following reasons for your message: One, Senate Business; two, First Order Information; three, the Search for Felicity Rhiaon; four, Media Inquires; or five, Other.” “Felicity Rhiaon Why the Hell Did I Ever Marry a Skywalker for the Search for Felicity Freaking Rhiaon AKA Me!” “… Approved.” “Thank God for computers searching by code words,” Felicity muttered knowing her voice signature and the keywords of ‘ Felicity ’ ‘ Rhiaon ’ ‘ Skywalker ’ and ‘ Search ’ were probably the only things that had gotten her through. Jaina continued, “At the tone, please leave your message… Beep.” “You know what?” Felicity yelled, “No! I am not letting this go! Who the hell tells someone they’ll see each other again, and then doesn’t leave even one damn com line open so they can contact you. I mean, seriously? Are you kidding me, Luke? I’ve been through hell and back and I get a busy signal ? You get your ass here, Skywalker, right now or I swear to the Force itself, I will kill you.” Felicity slammed her hand against the end call button and loudly exhaled. “Feel better now that that’s out of your system?” the operator asked. Felicity smiled, “Much better.” “There, home sweet home,” Felicity proclaimed later that night as she finished tying up a hammock in the walker. After the call to Leia, Felicity had gone back to Plutt and worked out a deal. She and Rey got a ride back to the walker, and was promised a ride was available anytime they wanted to go in and out of Niima Outpost. In addition to a handful of supplies, such as the hammock and a small ration cooker, Plutt was going to personally bring the girls food and water rations every couple of days. Felicity preferred to have Rey away from the sketchy figures that populated Jakku, and you never knew who was secretly working for the First Order. If Felicity received any calls, or if a member of the family showed up on Jakku, Plutt would fetch Felicity immediately. Anything else Felicity wanted or needed, Plutt insisted that all she had to do was ask. It was clear Plutt wanted to milk Luke’s promise of reward for everything it was worth. Felicity had spent the rest of the day trying to spruce up the walker for herself and Rey. The hammock was strung up and made with the emergency blanket for Rey. For herself, Felicity found a large piece of non-metallic paneling she set on the floor and put the remaining sleeping bag and her cobbled together blanket on top of. Most of the day had been spent on exploring the walker, and figuring out how to turn it into a temporary home. Admittedly, Felicity was at a bit of a disadvantage when it came to AT-AT walkers. Her only experience with them was during the glory days of the Rebellion where she was forced to run away from them and hope she wouldn’t get shot. Her war stories weren’t as grand as Luke’s who took down a walker with a lightsaber and grappling hook. Show-off. But she was a trained architect, and most of her studies had been on Imperial designs. Her schooling had mostly come from her undercover recruitment missions during the Rebellion where she would enroll into Imperial Academies and scout future Rebels. Her architecture knowledge and the mechanical things she had picked up from others over the years gave her a little room to work with in converting the walker into a livable space. Most of the exploration would have to wait for the next day, but she and Rey had poked around the walker a little that day. First off, Felicity knew enough to disconnect the fuel slug tank. “That stuff’s dangerous,” Felicity warned Rey as she watched in curious interest. Rey was a true Skywalker and therefore fascinated with all things mechanical. Knowing that the Skywalker love of mechanics originated with Anakin, Felicity had once tried to pin Rey’s love on the Rhiaon side of the family. Luke was only too quick to point out that if that was true, it had to have come from her father, Alaric Rhiaon, Head Technician of the Death Star. Grandpa Sith Lord or Grandpa Death Star Creator; either way Rey was screwed. Of course, the whole walker was dangerous. It would take some serious work for Felicity to make it safe for Rey. In the meanwhile, she would have to restrict Rey to stay in the troop section where there was plenty of living space and a lot less danger. Well, except for the ten E-11 rifles that were still racked and ready, and the five scattered DLT-20 As Felicity found. Thankfully, over the years, Luke and Felicity had firmly instilled in Rey not to touch weapons without both Mommy and Daddy’s permission (both, as there had once been a disagreement when Luke let Rey handle his powered off lightsaber without Felicity’s knowledge.) The good thing about the guns was that if the First Order found them, Felicity could use the weapons to make a hell of a last stand. Not to mention she could trade them to Plutt for about three months of rations. Felicity prayed that they wouldn’t be on Jakku long enough for that number of rations to be necessary. “Mommy, why are you mad?” Rey asked as they got ready for bed. She held her doll tightly in her arms as Felicity laid the emergency blanket over her. Felicity frowned at Rey, “Why do you say that?” “I can feel it, like Daddy taught me to.” Felicity grimaced; there was Rey’s Force sensitivity acting up again. Felicity had tried very hard not to let Rey know how frustrated she was about their situation. She tried to remember why she ever agreed to let Luke teach Rey to sense emotions. Rey looked down timidly, “Are you mad at me?” Felicity gasped in shock, “No, Sweetheart, of course not. Why would you think that?” “Because I couldn’t make it Niima for you, and I think I used up all of our bravery.” “Don’t you dare worry about either of those things,” Felicity lovingly stroked Rey’s cheek. “We got there and that’s all that matters.” “But I scared you, didn’t I? When everything went dark.” “Yes, you did,” Felicity swallowed hard; she never again wanted to think about Rey lying dead in the sand. “In fact, I’ve never been more terrified in my life. I almost lost you today, Sweetheart, and I never want to experience that again.” Rey whimpered, “I’m sorry.” “There’s nothing to be sorry about,” Felicity wiped away a tear trailing down Rey’s cheek. “It’s not your job to prevent me from being scared. Now, if you go jump off a roof and knock yourself out, then we’ll have a problem, but if I’m worried about the fact that I have done something that put you in a dangerous situation, like not have enough water for you, or if someone is going to hurt you, it is not your job to make me feel better. It’s my job to protect you and make sure you get out of the situation safely.” “So,” Rey sniffed and rubbed the tears out of her eyes, “you’re not mad at me?” “Not in the slightest.” “Then… why are you mad? Did something happen? Is Daddy ok?” “I’m sure Daddy’s fine, it’s just…” Felicity sighed, she couldn’t keep it from Rey, “I couldn’t get through to Daddy today.” “What?” Rey exclaimed, shooting up straight upright in the hammock. “Relax,” Felicity gently eased Rey to lay back down. “Daddy was so busy trying to find us, I couldn’t get through to his com line.” “What about Uncle Han or Aunt Leia?” “They were busy too.” “So no one’s coming to rescue us?” “I didn’t say that,” Felicity shook her head. “I was able to get a message to Aunt Leia’s office. You know Aunt Leia’s assistant, Jaina, right?” Rey nodded. “Well, Jaina’s going to make sure that Aunt Leia gets the message, and when she does, Daddy’s going to come get us,” Felicity explained. “When will he come?” Rey asked. Felicity paused, “Truthfully, I’m not sure, but I know he will , and if Daddy can’t, then either Uncle Han or Aunt Leia will find you and bring you home to our family. I promise. Besides, Sweetheart, we’ve been on Jakku for a while now, it can’t be much longer.” “Twenty-two days?” Rey echoed the answer she had gotten the last time she asked how much longer until she could see Daddy. A pained look crossed Felicity’s face; she remembered the promise she had made Rey, a promise that would never come true. “No, Sweetheart,” Felicity said sadly, “I can’t promise twenty-two days.” Rey finally broke down. She threw her arms around her mother’s neck and sobbed heavily. “I want to go home, Mommy!” Rey exclaimed through howls. “I want to go home!” Felicity clung onto Rey tightly, her own tears falling, “I know, Sweetheart. I want to go home too.” And together they cried. The next morning, Rey woke up in her mother’s arms, snuggling up to her in the hammock. Rey had cried herself to sleep last night, and Felicity had been stuck with Rey’s arms around her that it made more sense to share the hammock than wake Rey up. Rey sniffed, remembering the things her mother had told her last night. She couldn’t understand what was happening, and why her parents were breaking so many promises. They promised she’d be safe in her bed. They lied. Mommy promised that Daddy would be home in twenty-two days. Mommy lied. Daddy promised to come back for her in the woods. Daddy lied. Mommy promised she would get Rey safely to Niima Outpost. Mommy lied. Daddy promised that Ben would never try to hurt her. Daddy lied. What could she believe anymore? “Morning,” Felicity’s gentle greeting interrupted Rey’s thoughts. Rey startled like a deer, and Felicity chuckled as Rey scrambled to gather her bearings, nearly flipping the hammock. “I’m sorry about last night,” Felicity grasped Rey’s arm to steady and calm her. “I know things have been very scary lately, but I promise you that Daddy and I are trying our best to keep you safe.” “You and Daddy made a lot of promises,” Rey sniffed, trying to hold back fresh tears. Felicity took a deep breath, “I know, and we haven’t been great at keeping them lately, so I’ll promise you this: I promise to not make you any more promises I can’t keep. Do you believe me?” Rey was hesitant, but the words that had been broken were nothing compared to the actions her mother had performed to keep her safe. Facing off against Ben, getting her through the desert, and even using her own breath to restore Rey’s. Rey may not be able to trust Mommy to keep her promises, but she could trust Mommy to keep her alive. “I believe you, Mommy,” Rey hugged Felicity. And as Felicity held Rey in her tight embrace, Felicity knew that for just a moment, they were safe. Chapter 6 : An Unexpected Visitor Summary: Wedge is mocked, Felicity starts a tally, Leia's day gets turned upside down by a surprise guest. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The Long Way Home Chapter Six An Unexpected Visitor “Here we are: breakfast,” Felicity placed in front of Rey a plate of Imperial rations Unkar Plutt had given them. Rey took a bite and made a face, “Ugh! That’s horrible.” “Rey,” Felicity warned. “What do we say when we don’t like something?” Rey gave her mother a sheepish look, “I don’t really like that, but thank you for letting me try it.” “Better. Now eat up; that’s all we have.” “But Mommy-” “I know Alliance rations taste better, but I’ve run out of those, and not eating is not an option.” “I want to eat,” Rey said quietly to herself, remembering all too vividly the pangs of hunger. She took a small bite of her rations and struggled to swallow it. “I’m tired of rations, Mommy. When can we have real food?” “Not for a while yet,” Felicity answered honestly. There was no point in hiding anything about their situation from Rey. Rey crossed her arms, “I can’t wait to get home. Felicity paused, “Rey… when we leave Jakku we’re not… We can’t exactly go home.” “Why not?” “Sweetheart, the Knights of Ren set it on fire. I don’t know how much of it is left.” “But what about my stuff? My toys? My clothes?” “It’s probably all gone.” “But it was my stuff!” Rey exclaimed, her five-year-old not making sense of the concept. “I know,” Felicity placed a hand on Rey’s shoulder trying to calm her down. “There’s things in there I didn’t want to lose either.” “Like what?” “Well,” Felicity dry swallowed. Caught up in the situation of taking care of Rey and getting them to Niima, Felicity hadn’t even entertained their house burning down. “There’s my wedding dress, my blaster collection, all of our family Holos, there’s my and Daddy’s medals of bravery for destroying the Death Star, I had a box tucked in the attic of some of your baby things, all of our personal records – birth certificates, my and Daddy’s wedding license – Uncle Brendan’s urn-” Felicity couldn’t go on. Tears had filled her eyes and she put her head in her hands. Felicity’s shoulders jerked as desperate sobs escaped her throat. Every object that meant anything to her was gone for good. “Don’t cry, Mommy,” Rey’s scared, but trying to be helpful voice broke Felicity’s heart. “Come here,” Felicity pulled Rey into her arms. She held Rey as tightly as she could and gently stroked her hair, “I know that you’re sad about losing all of your things, and I am too, but the most important thing to remember is that you, Daddy, and I all got away. We’re safe, and soon we’ll be together again.” Rey buried her face in Felicity’s neck, “Are you going to call Daddy again tomorrow?” “No, Sweetheart.” Seeing Rey’s shocked expression, Felicity explained, “The people who burned down our home are looking for you and I right now.” “Why?” “Because they’re bad people who think we can help them do bad things. I’m not going to let them find us, but that means we can’t draw a lot of attention to ourselves. Sending a bunch of messages would draw attention, so I’m going to wait before trying to call Daddy again. Do you understand?” Rey nodded, “Mommy, what will happen if the bad people come here?” “I will do anything and everything to make them go away before they find you.” “Would you…” Rey looked down, the image of Zena Halcorr flashing through her mind, “Would you kill them?” There was a beat. “Yes,” Felicity finally answered. She caressed Rey’s teary cheek, “You know that Daddy and I have a strict code about violence.” “It’s the last resort.” “Right, I only use it if I’ve run out of options, but there is no shame in killing to protect someone from imminent danger.” “Is that true all the time?” “It’s… a little more complicated than that, but we’ll talk about it some more when you get older. But you don’t need to worry about any of this because the bad people aren’t going to find us. Daddy’s going to come for us.” “When will you call him again?” Rey asked. “A couple of weeks,” Felicity answered. “How many?” Felicity smiled, “Why don’t you pick?” Rey thought hard, “How many days have we been here?” “Eight. So one day and one week.” “Then we’ll call him in three weeks to make it a month.” “Deal!” Felicity held out her hand and the girl shook on it. Inwardly, Felicity shuddered at the thought of being stuck on Jakku for a month. “Now, how about you held me keep track of the days?” “How?” Rey asked. Felicity set their plates aside and pulled Rey to her feet. She took Rey by the hand and led her to large wall where a small sharp object was set neatly next to it. “I figured this out last night,” Felicity let go of Rey’s hand and picked up the object. She looked seriously to Rey and warned, “You are not allowed to touch this without Mommy’s permission. Do you understand? It’s very sharp.” Felicity held out the sharp object and Rey nodded. “We’re going to keep track of how many days we’ve been here by marking the wall,” Felicity scratched eight lines onto the wall. “Mommy, you forgot to cross your tallies,” Rey pointed to the side by side lines. She was used to seeing hash marks that were crossed every fifth line. “It doesn’t matter,” Felicity shook her head. “I want you to focus, because if you pay attention you could get a prize out of this.” “A prize?” Rey’s eyes lit up. “What prize? How can I get it?” “Rey, you’ve been such a good girl, and Mommy’s put you through so much that I’ve decided to reward you for your behaviour. Every day I’m going to add a line to the wall, and at the end of this adventure I’m going to let you cash in the lines. You can use one for say… double dessert one night, or a small toy. For bigger things, you can cash in multiple lines, so if you wanted a new doll that might cost three lines. What do you think?” Rey grinned, “I hope we’re here for lots of days!” Felicity laughed and ruffled Rey’s hair, “Don’t get your hopes up, Sweetheart. This is Daddy we’re talking about. How long could Daddy make us wait here?” Two Weeks Later… Luke Skywalker stared at himself in the refresher mirror. His hair was done perfectly, his grand black Jedi robes were immaculate, and the rest of his body was freshly washed and polished. But there was no denying the deadness in his tired blue eyes. There was no denying the weary lines that were etched onto his face. There was no denying the droop of his posture or the way his eyes constantly flicked to his comlink. And there was no denying the look of sorrow and brokenness that haunted his expression. He missed his girls. Luke wondered about them constantly. Were they safe? Were they happy? Why hadn’t they contacted him yet? He had barely been away from his comlink for a minute in the past three weeks, yet not a word from his wife. Today he finally had to pause his search and give his testimony of the Burning of Rornian to the Senate. Thankfully Leia had arranged for Chancellor Mon Mothma to see them privately to give the account, but recalling the events of that night was the last thing Luke wanted to do. And then there was the issue of outing Ben. Rumors had swirled about his involvement and new membership in the Knights of Ren, but Luke had refused to publicly confirm a thing. He knew it needed to be revealed at the right time or Leia’s reputation in the Senate would be broken beyond repair. They had all heard the catty whispers: Darth’s Daughter. Vaderspawn. Imperial Heir. The Sith Senator. It was one of the reasons Leia refused to accept any of inheritance from their father’s estate. Leia did everything in her power to be known as something more than Darth Vader’s daughter. Despite doing all she could to distance herself from their father, Leia could not escape Vader’s shadow. It was shocking how quickly the public eye had reduced her from a war hero to nothing more than Vader’s daughter. No amount of reminding people that Leia herself had been tortured by Vader seemed to do the trick. Ever since Luke and Leia announced their true parentage, Leia had struggled to hold on to her Senate seat, and every election cycle would just bring up the whole controversy once more. Luke probably didn’t help her case by constantly advocating for Anakin whenever the subject of Vader came around. Leia always preferred the company of Han and Felicity when the issue popped up. Han would give a gruff response that Vader was a psychopath that Leia wanted nothing to do with, and then threaten to beat up anyone who pushed the issue. Felicity would go on long, angry rants about how much good Leia had done, how evil Vader was, and that if anything it should be Vader who was ashamed to be related to someone as amazing as Leia. Luke smiled at the thought of his wife. There were still days he woke up and couldn’t believe he had found someone he could love as much as Felicity Rhiaon. He couldn’t have asked for a better woman to be his wife, and the mother of his child. And he wanted her back so much. “Luke?” Leia lightly knocked on the door. “Are you ready to go?” “Coming,” Luke smoothed down his hair once again and slipped out of the bathroom. He walked with Leia into the living room where Han, Chewie, Wedge, Diego, and Kes Dameron (who had come to visit his son, Poe at the academy) were continuing the search for Rey and Felicity. “Have you found anything?” Luke asked hopefully. “Only that you seriously need to make some female friends, Skywalker,” Wedge glanced around at the surplus of men. A sad look crossed Luke’s face, “I did have some.” The room was filled with an awkward silence as everyone was forced to remember that Luke’s main female friends – Reine, Alyla, Zena, and so forth – had all been Jedi slaughtered on Rornian. “Hey,” Han spoke up to break the ice, “remember that time Wedge complained that no one could make the shot to destroy the Death Star and Luke just offhandedly said he did it all the time to womprats?” Wedge raised a brow, “That’s really the best story about me you can recall?” “Well, we don’t really hang out a lot, do we Antilles?” “Personally I would have gone with, remember that time Antilles accidentally put Fliss in the hospital,” Diego suggested. “Thought about it, but figured it would remind Luke of Fliss and he’d get all mopey,” Han answered. “Because getting upset over the disappearance and possible death of my wife is apparently not worth get moody over,” Luke rolled his eyes. “So I take it that there’s no new leads?” “Sorry,” Kes shook his head. “But we’ll keep looking. Keep your chin up, we might find them yet.” Luke smiled, “Thank you, Kes.” “Luke,” Leia touched his arm, “it’s time to go.” “I still don’t think this is a good idea, Leia,” Luke said as they walked towards her office in the Senate building. His hood was pulled over his lowered head so no one would recognize him. He and Leia had been mobbed by a flood of reporters upon entry to the building and constantly stopped by Senators on their way to Leia’s office. “It’ll only be an hour or so,” Leia replied. “Besides, people need to see that you aren’t just hiding away.” “Fine, but we go out the back way when we leave.” “Deal,” Leia pushed open the door to her office. Jaina looked up from Leia’s desk, “Senator Organa! It’s good to see you.” “Good to see you too, Jaina,” Leia smiled not at all surprised that her assistant had overtaken her desk. Jaina had been forced to act as a pseudo-stand-in for Leia, and letting her have the desk just made everything easier. “How have things been?” “Much better since the Chancellor had a computer start sorting your messages.” Jaina looked over at Luke and kindly said, “Master Skywalker, I am so sorry for your loss.” “Thank you, Jaina,” Luke gave her a small smile. Jaina had only been in Leia’s employ for a couple years, but the entire family had taken an immediate like to her. Fair skin, dark brown hair and eyes, Han liked to tease Leia that Jaina looked enough like her that Jaina was the result of an affair she had spectacularly managed to hide from him. Furthering the long lost daughter narrative was the fact that Jaina had been born the exact same day as Ben. However, Leia would always point out that Jaina was obviously not her secret lovechild because not only would it mean that Jaina would be Ben’s twin and ergo Han’s daughter, but what was the point in hiding Jaina from the family? Not to mention fair skin, brown hair, and dark eyed women weren’t exactly uncommon, showcased spectacularly in the Skywalker family (literally the only female in the family who didn’t have those features was Beru Whitesun who had married into the family via the son of a man who had married into the family.) Jaina was only sixteen, but highly capable for the job of Leia’s secretary. When Leia had hired Jaina two years ago, there had been some question regarding the wisdom of Leia hiring a fourteen-year-old. But Leia had always had a habit of hiring young girls as her assistant, and they had all worked out so far. Felicity had even pointed out that she had been the first example of it many years ago, working as Leia’s very first assistant a few months before Felicity’s fifteenth birthday. But there was no doubt that the family saw Jaina as a close friend and almost daughter-like figure at times. So when Luke set eyes on her that day, he was comforted by her sincerity. “I can’t stay long, Jaina,” Leia began collecting some materials from her desk. “Are there any urgent matters I need to attend to?” “Not much other than the messages the computer set forward,” Jaina replied. “Anything important?” “To my knowledge, nothing that can’t wait. I’ve been going through them and saving the ones you need, but there is a bit of a backlog. We’re getting hundreds of messages and despite all the filters, the computer sends dozens a day. I’m going through as many as possible, but with all of my additional duties I have to do, I think we’re about three weeks behind.” “How many messages are there?” “Currently?” Jaina hit a button. “You have 74 unread messages,” an automated voice said. Leia sighed, “Alright, try to get through as many messages you can today, and call me if there’s any news about Felicity.” “Actually, about that,” Jaina said, “you got a message a while back from Poe Dameron. He said that he’s asked around the Academy, even the professors and no one’s heard anything, but there’s rumors the First Order is searching the Thalesian system.” “The Thalesian system?” Luke looked at Leia. “Have we checked it?” “It was one of the first rumors we heard,” Leia replied. “Chewie checked. It’s just a dummy trail to throw us off. But why didn’t you tell me sooner, Jaina?” “That’s the thing,” Jaina answered. “I’ve been trying to contact your coms for weeks, but I can’t get through.” Luke frowned, “Why not?” “Because you’re all so busy placing calls nobody can actually get through to your lines. I’ve had a dozen senators come physically to the office in an attempt to communicate with the Senator.” Luke and Leia went silent. “No one can get through to us?” Luke whispered. Did that mean that someone might have found something but couldn’t get through to him? Or worse, had Felicity actually tried to call? “No, that can’t be true.” “Try it yourself,” Jaina offered. “I’m surprised your coms aren’t going off right now.” “We turned them off so we weren’t distracted during our briefing,” Leia muttered, her mind elsewhere. “Jaina, use the com to call my husband right now.” Jaina placed the call, and to the shock of the twins, the line was busy. “Even worse is that all of your inboxes are full,” Jaina added. “Have you been clearing them out?” Luke’s face was pale, his body froze with horror and shock, “No, I’ve… I’ve been so busy that- No! We had to have left one line open!” “No,” Leia cringed, inwardly hating herself, “My line, yours, Han’s, the home line, they’ve all been in constant use.” “I can’t believe this,” Luke put his head in his hands. “What if Felicity’s tried to call? What if she’s waiting for me to respond? What if I didn’t answer and now something’s happened to her or Rey? What if-” “Stop,” Leia grabbed Luke firmly by the arm. Her voice was strong and commanding, “Look at me, we both know that Felicity wouldn’t just give up after one com call.” Luke nodded, “She would try other lines.” “Jaina call Lando Calrissian,” Leia ordered. “His line is probably not busy. Get him to call our main contacts and get them to check their message boxes. Try to get through to Kes Dameron as well. He’s at our home and I know he’s keeping his line open in case his son needs to call him. Kes can tell Han what’s going on. Have Han check our message boxes and clear them.” “Yes, Ma’am,” Jaina nodded. “Leia, what if Felicity called here?” Luke proposed. “It’s a secure, governmental line of a family member. It was probably the safest bet if she couldn’t get through to us.” “You’re right,” Leia agreed. “Alright Jaina, today’s priority is getting through those messages. Everything else can wait; I want you listening to all of them today. I’ll keep my com on. You immediately tell me if you hear anything from Ben or Felicity. Understood?” “Understood,” Jaina went straight to work. “Come on, Luke,” Leia grabbed some files and headed for the door. “Chancellor Mothma is waiting.” “But Leia,” Luke shot a torn look back at Jaina and the messaging system. “We have to do this, Luke,” Leia reminded her brother. Luke sighed as Leia rubbed his arm. He wanted so badly to get to work on the new development with Felicity and Rey. He couldn’t fail them. But there were others he had failed; his Jedi were dead by the Knights of Ren, and he needed to see that justice got served. “Alright,” Luke conceded reluctantly. “But when we’re done-” “We’ll check our messages the second we’re finished,” Leia promised. “Now come on. Let’s get this over with.” Thanks to a series of shortcuts and mind tricks, no one noticed the hooded figure slipping down dark hallways of the Senate building and past the security officers. Growing up with a mother as a Senator proved to be quite useful to the figure. He followed the familiar secret passages, his mind focused on his goal: to find the Senator of Coruscant. He wondered what his mother would think of him and what he had done. Would she hate him? Disown him? Turn him in to security, or worse, his uncle? Would she be in denial of his actions? Would she think he had been framed? Or maybe even think that he had helped his aunt and cousin escape the horror. The figure only prayed his mother could find the forgiveness for him that she withheld for her birth father. Jaina had been busy listening to the backlog of messages when the figure entered the secretary area of the office. A door stood between Jaina and the figure who was deciding his next move in the area next to Jaina’s normal desk that was filled with a pair of couches in a pseudo-waiting room. Jaina was in her own world, carefully listening to the messages, writing down their contents, and saving them for Leia’s future use. Then she heard a noise; movement from the waiting room. Jaina frowned and pulled up Leia’s schedule. No one had scheduled a meeting. Who could it be? Hesitating, Jaina got up from the desk and carefully approached the waiting room. “Hello?” Jaina called. “Is someone out there?” There was no response. Jaina’s finger hovered over the button that would send an alert to the security force of the Senate building. With the events on Rornian, she had been worried that the First Order might pick Leia’s office as their next target. Taking a deep breath, Jaina once again mourned the fact she was not allowed to carry a weapon in the Senate building. Readying herself, she slowly pressed the button to open the door. Raising her fists, Jaina recalled all of the self-defence training Leia had made it mandatory for her assistants to learn, and Jaina launched herself into the waiting room. It was empty. Jaina looked around in confusion. She was certain she had heard someone enter, but there was no one to be found. Then she noticed it: the chair of her regular desk was pulled out. Someone had been sitting in it. Jaina carefully approached her desk and was relieved to see no one had hidden under it, but she was concerned when she saw a few files opened on the screen. Taking another look around, Jaina pressed a button on her wrist com that would connect her to a security officer. She turned her back to the doorway into Leia’s office and turned down the volume of her com. “Security, this is Jaina Fel in Senator Organa’s office,” Jaina whispered into the com. “Please come in.” “Miss Fel, this is Security Officer Tymon,” a voice crackled back. “What’s your emergency?” “I think someone was in my office looking through my computer.” “What makes you think that?” “I was in the Senator’s office when I heard a noise and now a piece of furniture has been moved from my desk and there are files open that shouldn’t be.” “Did you see anyone?” “No, and they don’t seem to be here anymore but can you check the tapes?” “Affirmative,” Tymon said. “I’ll check it out and come to the office asap. I would suggest you confine yourself to the main office until I get there. Call me if you notice anything else, and send an alert if they return.” “Thank you,” Jaina flicked off the communication. Taking a deep breath, she went back into Leia’s office. She gave a quick look around to confirm no one was in it. Jaina decided to keep the door open so she could greet Tymon when he arrived. She glanced at the large glass window that made up the back wall of Leia’s office. Jaina was comforted by the fact that the wall gave her an escape route; it had a door opening onto a balcony connected to the fire escape. Jaina was walking towards Leia’s desk when suddenly the office door slammed shut. She whipped around to find herself face to face with the last person she wanted to see. “Ben,” Jaina whispered. Ben Solo looked terrible. He had pulled the hood of his ratty black robe back, exposing the bags under his wide eyes. His skin was especially pale and had so little muscle underneath that looked like someone had tried to stretch too little skin over his face. His dyed black hair was tipped with its natural brown colour at the roots, and his hands couldn’t stop shaking. But worst of all – worse than the scared, desperate look in his eyes – was the ugly mark of a blaster shot on his face. Jaina’s hand instantly went to her wrist com. “No! Stop!” Ben carried out fearfully. He extended a hand at Jaina, his fingers out stretched. Jaina couldn’t move a muscle. “I don’t want to hurt you,” Ben’s voice was earnest and regretful. “Please, don’t call security.” “What do you want?” Jaina boldly asked. Ben may have the upper hand, but she’d be damned if she gave up without a fight. “I just- I want to see my mother,” Ben answered. Jaina narrowed her eyes, “If you think I’m going to let you lay a hand on her-” “I just want to talk!” Ben desperately exclaimed. That was the moment Jaina noticed the tears in his eyes and the tremble in his voice, “Jaina, please, I… I made a mistake. What happened on Rornian- I’m in over my head, and I just want to come home. Please, let me talk to my mother.” Jaina’s face softened. She hadn’t known Ben for long, but she had seen his struggle over the years with the Dark Side. If there was one thing Jaina knew, it was that Ben Solo truly loved his mother. Anytime Ben had gotten in over his head, he would come running to Leia, so it wasn’t stretch for him to have come now to her for help. “Look, Jaina, I know we don’t really know each other, but I’ve always thought we had a sort of connection,” Ben’s voice was soft and silky. It was hard to resist the complimentary tone, “We were born on the same day, and you are so much like my mother that I’ve always viewed you almost like… like a sort of sister in a way. Please, Jaina, I’m not going to hurt you. Let me speak to my mother.” Jaina sighed, “Alright, if you’re sincere, I’ll contact her, but you have to let me go and promise not to hurt me.” Ben smiled and lowered his arm, “Promise.” “Sit,” Jaina gestured to the chair across the desk and took Leia’s. As Ben obediently sat down, Jaina commed Leia through the office line, while a finger was poised under the desk at the panic button, “Senator Organa, please respond.” It took a minute but eventually a voice rang through the room, “What’s going on, Jaina? Has there been a development?” Jaina met Ben’s eyes, “… Of a sort. Senator, I need you to return to your office immediately.” “Jaina, I’m in a meeting with the Chancellor, it’s going to have to wait.” “Senator, it’s not the kind of thing that can wait. If you could please just come down-” “Jaina, it’s not happening.” “Senator, I strongly insist you return to your office.” “Jaina-” “Please, Senator-” “For goodness’ sake!” Leia exclaimed. “What is so important that I need to leave a meeting with the Chancellor to return to my office?” “Senator… your son is here.” There was a pause on the other end, and then a flurry of whispers. “Jaina, switch us from audio to visual,” Leia commanded. Jaina pressed a button and a small blue figure of Leia was projected onto the desk. “Ben,” the blue Leia whispered in disbelief. “Mom,” Ben swallowed hard, fear in his eyes. “Mom, I’m sorry. I am so sorry.” Leia was speechless, just staring at her son. Ben waited anxiously, his shoulders shaking as he struggled to withhold collapsing into tears. Leia had never seen him so afraid and upset. “Ben, I…” Leia looked off screen, probably at Luke who was not shown on the visual. “Ben, I don’t know what to say. What have you done?” He gave in to his tears. “I am so sorry, Mom!” Ben wailed, sobbing loudly in a powerful display of sorrow. “I am so sorry! This wasn’t what I wanted. I should never have run away and joined the First Order. They’re evil, Mom, and they want to make me into something I’m not. They want me to do things for them that I don’t want to.” “Ben,” Leia struggled not to give in to her son’s breakdown. As his mother, Leia wanted nothing more than to sprint down to her office, pull her son into her arms, and hold him as she made everything better. But as a government authority she couldn’t deny the cold, hard facts. “Ben, you killed people.” “That wasn’t supposed to happen!” Ben insisted. “I didn’t mean for any of this to happen! No one was supposed to get hurt!” “But they did, and you helped them. You murdered people. People who were your friends and mentors. People who taught how to fight and protect yourself from Darkness. You took those skills and used it them end their lives in the names of monsters.” “I… I’m sorry, Mom,” Ben could give no other reply. Leia took a deep breath as she looked over her haggard, sobbing son. “Ben, what happened to your face?” Leia calmly asked, assuming her political demeanour. She knew she needed to be emotionless and authoritative if she was to ever figure out what was going on with her son. He unconsciously touched the blast mark on his face and hesitated, “It… it was my own fault.” “Did someone do this to you?” “Yes.” “Who?” Ben was silent. That wasn’t good enough for Leia, “Was it the First Order?” “No,” Ben lowered his eyes. “Was it the Knights of Ren?” Ben couldn’t resist a laugh, “Not possible. I’m the only one left.” “Who did this? A Jedi?” “No.” “Snoke?” “No. He would never.” “Then who?” Leia demanded. Ben winced, “You’re not going to like it.” “Tell me.” Ben took a deep breath, “It was… Aunt Felicity.” “ Felicity? Why?” Leia didn’t know whether to be more shocked that Felicity had attacked her son… or that for the very first time, Ben had called her his aunt. “I- I-” Ben stuttered. “I sort of… Is Uncle Luke sitting next to you?” “Yes,” Luke’s voice came over the com. “And I can hear everything.” Ben gulped. “What happened, Ben?” Leia pushed. “I know you and Felicity have never gotten along, but she never would have escalated it to violence without a reason.” Ben bit back a comment about how less than a year ago Felicity had legitimately kidnapped him to take him on a bonding trip. His parents and uncle may have ultimately sided with Felicity, but that didn’t change the fact Ben had been forced on ship in the middle of the night against his will without Felicity informing anyone what she was doing. “I…” Ben sighed. “I encountered Rey.” Horror filled Leia’s expression. “I didn’t actually end up doing anything!” Ben insisted. “I just sort of… tried.” “Rey?” Leia whispered unnaturally low. It was always the sign that she was about to start screaming at you. Sure enough, “You attacked Rey? Rey! Your five-year-old cousin who looks up to you and idolizes everything you do? Rey who looks at you as one of her heroes ?” “I know, but I didn’t want to do it. I didn’t want to do any of it!” Ben cried out. His face was completely red as a mass of tears streamed down his face. His voice was starting to hitch, “M- M- Mom, p-p-please! I didn- I didn- I didn’t want to h- hurt anyone!” “Then why did you?” “It’s Snoke. He’s in my head,” Ben’s hands started to grab and claw at his forehead as if he was trying to dig Snoke out. “He whispers to me all the time, and he won’t let me ignore him. He tells me to do things, and he promises the greatest rewards. He tempts me and I’m not strong enough to resist him. I want him out, Mom! Please help me! I ran away from the First Order to get away from him, but he still follows me. Even now he’s whispering in my ear. GET OUT! GET OUT OF MY HEAD! ” Jaina grabbed Ben’s clawing hands and retched them away so he couldn’t continue to hurt himself. “Relax,” Jaina said in a soothing voice, trying to calm him. “You’re safe here.” Ben gave Jaina a half hearted smile and sniffed, “Thank you.” Leia was quiet, her head in her hands as she struggled between being a governmental agent and Ben’s mother. The situation was unprecedented; what was she supposed to do? What could she do? Justice must be done, but at the same time her son needed help. Help only she could give him. And in that moment, Leia finally began to understand the way her brother viewed Vader. One foolish decision could forever alter someone’s path, and if no one was there to help bring them back to the Light, a Force Sensitive could be lost to the Dark. That said, Leia was not about to completely forgive Vader, or even ponder the issue of her father all that much. But Ben… Ben needed the understanding and forgiveness that Luke had given Vader, the same understanding and forgiveness that Leia withheld from Vader. She would not shut out her son. Leia took a deep breath, “Alright, Ben, let’s see if we can figure this out. I need you to stay right there in my office, and I’ll come meet you there to talk about this. I’ll call your father, and your Uncle and I-” “NO!” Ben exclaimed looking panicked. “No, don’t bring Dad or Uncle Luke into this. I’m not ready to face them! Please, Mom. Don’t bring them, not yet. Please.” Leia looked at Luke off screen and after a moment said, “Fine, I won’t bring them, but if there’s any funny business-” “There won’t be.” “There better not,” Leia warned. “Stay right there. I’ll be down in a few minutes. Jaina, don’t let him leave that chair.” “Yes, Ma’am,” Jaina nodded, and ended the call. “You’re not actually leaving me behind, right?” Luke asked as the transmission cut out. Leia looked at Luke like his was crazy, “Of course not. My son or not, there’s still a wannabe Sith Lord sitting in my office who wants to see me alone. Chancellor, I’m sorry things got cut short, but can we pick this up again later?” “Of course,” Mon Mothma replied. As Leia had conversed with Ben, Mothma had busied herself with putting the building on lockdown. “A troop of security officers are already assembled and waiting for you on your level. I trust you understand that Mister Solo must be arrested and tried for his crimes.” “Absolutely,” Leia nodded. “But, please, let me talk to him first. We don’t want him to get violent, and if I play this right, we might get some information about the First Order out of this.” “Off you go then, and may the Force be with you.” Jaina watched Ben sympathetically as he tried to get his sobbing under control. “I’m sorry,” Ben wiped the tears from his face only to have more tears replace them. “I shouldn’t be crying over this.” “It’s alright,” Jaina reassured him. “You’ve been through something very emotional and there have been some drastic consequences to your actions. I might think you were heartless if you didn’t shed a few tears.” “Thank you, Jaina,” Ben smiled, his tears starting to clear up. He gave her a guilty smile, “You’ve always been so kind and understanding. I’ve never appreciated you enough.” “Think nothing of it.” Ben grinned and opened his mouth to say something when suddenly he began to cough. They were horrible, hacking, phlegm filled coughs. Ben violently doubled over as the coughs wracked his entire body. “Are you alright?” Jaina worriedly grabbed his arm. “Yeah, I’m-” Ben coughed loudly. He patted Jaina’s hand as he cleared his throat a few times, “Sorry, it’s just with all of the crying, I think my body depleted itself of all moisture. My throat is just really dry, but it’ll pass.” Jaina glanced to her right at the door that connected to Leia’s small en suite bathroom, “How about a get you a cup of water?” Ben’s eyes widened, “Oh, no! I don’t want to put you out or get you in trouble. Mom did say I wasn’t supposed to move from this chair.” “Nonsense, I’ll get it for you.” “Are you sure?” “Think nothing of it. You just sit in that chair, and I’ll go get you some water,” Jaina stood and crossed towards the bathroom. Ben watched her go, “If you insist.” Jaina didn’t notice the wicked grin on his face. She quickly filled a glass in the sink, leaving the door behind her open so she could keep an eye on Ben. Jaina turned around to exit the washroom and bring the glass to Ben but was startled to find him standing in the doorway. “Surprise,” Ben grinned. Jaina gasped as Ben grabbed her by the shirt and violently threw her to the floor. The glass shattered as it hit the tile, and Jaina tried to scramble back to her feet. Ben slammed the button for the door and it slid closed before Jaina could escape. She pushed the inside button to activate the door, but it would not open. Ben had locked her in. “Let me out!” Jaina slammed her fists against the door, trying to force it open. “Hit it all you want, it’s not going to open,” Ben mocked. “I just can’t believe you all actually fell for my little act.” “Ben Solo, open this door right now!” “Ben Solo is dead. The name is Kylo Ren, new Master of the Knights of Ren,” Kylo chuckled. “I suppose I should thank my uncle. It’s so easy to climb the ranks of succession when your uncle murders all of your superiors. Of course, now I’ll have to recruit more, but at least I don’t have to take orders from the likes of Cade and Zhan anymore.” Jaina hit her wrist com, “Senator Organa! Come in!” “What’s going on?” Leia said a minute later. “It’s a trap!” Jaina screamed into the com. “He’s locked me in the bathroom.” There was chattering on the other end for a few minutes. “Alright, the building is in lockdown and a security team is on its way,” Leia informed Jaina. Her breathing pattern was slightly altered like she had started to run. “What’s he doing right now?” “I don’t know. Senator, everything he said was a lie.” “Especially that part about not wanting to hurt Rey,” Kylo called from Leia’s desk. He then whispered to himself, “The sooner the kid is out of the way, the sooner Supreme Leader can focus on my training.” Truth be told Kylo didn’t really want Rey to get caught up in everything. He rather liked his cousin, and generally Rey was harmless. But only one person could carry on the Skywalker legacy, there could only be one Skywalker Heir, and Kylo sure as the nine Corellian Hells wasn’t going to let it be the child of a man who idolized Vader’s flaws and a woman who despised him. But he had to find her before he disposed of the child, and her lying, backstabbing mother. The First Order had had just as much of a struggle to find Felicity and Rey as the Skywalker family had. Snoke was desperate to find the girls before their family did, which is what had led to Kylo’s little charade. After hacking into the family’s message boxes and finding nothing, Leia’s line was the next logical step. Kylo went to Leia’s messaging system and hit a button. “You have 74 unread messages,” an automated voice said. Kylo hit a few buttons and began to listen to the messages. The machine would play the identifier that listed the person’s name and reason for the message, and the listener would then either click the button that marked it unread, or a second button to proceed to the main message. Jaina had already listened to a fair amount of them, but marked them all unread afterwards so that none accidentally got missed. Kylo patiently listened to the introductions. “Gilian Kardal, Senate Business.” “Kyra Varga, the Search for Felicity Rhiaon.” “Cal Nilar, Senate Business.” “Jeran Landala, Senate Business.” “Bolen Prine, First Order Information.” “Sistry Roosh, Media Inquires.” “Elgar Dlamard, Other.” “Mieu Crane, Senate Business.” “August Arnjak, the Search for Felicity Rhiaon.” “Kael Aschansa, Senate Business.” “Atonai Jocle, Other.” “Otta Mald, Other.” “Trinna Kelrune, Media Inquires.” “Gunn Aldamar, Senate Business.” “Felicity Rhiaon Skywalker, the Search for Felicity Rhiaon.” Kylo grinned and pressed the play button. A small blue image of a rather disheveled Felicity Rhiaon was projected. Kylo grinned as she took a deep breath and began her message. “Hey, Leia, it’s Felicity,” Felicity smiled for the recording. “I’m calling you to tell you that I’m safe. I’ve been trying to contact you and the boys, but funny story, all of your lines have been tied up, and message boxes full. Considering the hoops I had to jump through just to get to this inbox, I can only imagine you guys are so busy trying to find me, you don’t really have the time to actually stop and listen for me.” Kylo chuckled victoriously. So they didn’t know where Felicity was. Perfect. Felicity took another breath, “I'm worried that the First Order might try to track me, so I'll keep this brief.” “Too late,” Kylo taunted. In the bathroom, Jaina strained to hear what was going on. She could hear that Kylo was listening to a recording, but she couldn’t make out what it was saying. “I’m fine – a little battered around from my journey – but fine. I would say I’m doing good, but considering the hell I've suffered through the past few days, I'll stick to the word 'fine.' Rey is-Well… we can discuss Rey later. I'm on Jakku, and I took up that offer Luke arranged.” “Bingo!” Kylo grinned as the recording continued to play. He hit a button on his wrist com and said, “Phasma, come in.” There was a pause and then a reply, “Phasma here.” “I’ve found Rhiaon’s location. Dispatch a squad to Jakku and send my ride.” “At once, Sir.” The transmission cut off just as Felicity’s recording was saying, “Tell Luke I love him, and that I'm counting the minutes until I see him again.” With far too much satisfaction, Kylo hit a button on the machine. “Message deleted,” said the recorded voice. “Next message-” “Open up in there!” a voice yelled as someone slammed on the office door Kylo had locked. “This is Security Officer Tymon. Surrender at once!” Kylo turned off the machine and went for the balcony door. To his surprise, it was locked. “We’ve sealed all of the exits,” Tymon yelled. “Only this door will open. Surrender yourself before we are forced to take further action.” “Ben, please,” Luke’s voice added, “don’t make this harder for yourself. We just want to help you.” “Sorry, Uncle, but I don’t need your help,” Kylo called back to Luke as he took a few steps back from the glass window and readied him. “Have fun looking for your wife.” Kylo waved his hands, and with a great surge of the Force, the window shattered into a million pieces. Hearing the crash, Tymon yelled to one of his technicians, “Open the door, now!” The technician hit a few buttons as everyone readied their weapons. “It’s open!” the technician announced. Tymon forced the door open and everyone flooded into the room, ready to fight Kylo into submission. But the room was empty, and Kylo was long gone down the fire escape and whisked away by his escort. “Fan out and search the building!” Tymon ordered and the security officers went into action checking over the room, going to the balcony and fire escape, or running back into the hallway to search elsewhere. Luke and Leia made a beeline for the washroom and released Jaina. “I am so sorry,” Jaina apologized as Leia sat her down in the desk chair while Luke dug out the first aid kit. She had been cut up by the pieces of glass Kylo had pushed her down on, though there were no major injuries. “I shouldn’t have gotten him the water.” “It’s alright,” Luke set the first aid kit down on the desk and pulled out alcohol wipes and bandages. “He still would have attacked you somehow. I just don’t understand why he was here.” “He was listening to your messages,” Jaina looked at Leia as she wiped off a cut on Jaina’s forehead. “I don’t know if he found anything. I couldn’t hear what the messages were saying.” “Let’s take a look then,” Leia hit a button. “You have 73 unread messages,” an automated voice said. “They’re all here,” Leia sighed. “No wait!” Jaina exclaimed. “There were 74, not 73. He must have deleted one.” Luke and Leia exchanged a nervous look. “Please don’t let be what I’m thinking,” Leia muttered. “Do you have any way to see who all the messages are from?” Luke asked. “I know they keep the introductions in case there’s a glitch, but it takes weeks to recover them.” “Leia, I have to know.” Leia sighed and played the messages. Luke listened nervously to each introduction, his mechanical fingers – which Leia had forced Luke to replace the synth skin on a week previous – drummed anxiously against the desk. Jaina exchanged a look with Leia, and quickly vacated the chair just in case. “Trinna Kelrune, Media Inquires.” “Gunn Aldamar, Senate Business.” “Felicity Rhiaon Skywalker, the Search for Felicity Rhiaon.” “Play it!” Luke exclaimed, his heart beating wildly. How could he have done this? How could he have been so foolish to not leave Felicity an immediate way of contacting him? He would never forgive himself if something happened to her from this. Please let the message be okay. “This message has been deleted,” the automated voice said. “Please contact your message provider for details on how to retrieve deleted messages.” Luke collapsed back into the chair. His world had ended. Ben had found Felicity and before he could. Felicity was as good as dead, and Rey would be brainwashed and turned into Snoke’s minion- no, not minion, slave . She would remember nothing but service and loyalty to Snoke. He would exploit her powers for evil, and his little girl would be lost forever. “No,” Luke put his hand in his hands. “No, this can’t be happening. There has to be something we can do.” “Jaina call the message provider,” Leia ordered. “Tell them we need that message now !” “Alright, I just need to remember which button it is,” Jaina hit a button. “Oops. Sorry, wrong button, that’s the back button.” “Felicity Rhiaon Skywalker, the Search for Felicity Rhiaon,” Felicity’s introduction was repeated. “No, Jaina,” Leia shook her head, “stop playing these intros and press-” “Felicity Rhiaon Why the Hell Did I Ever Marry a Skywalker for the Search for Felicity Freaking Rhiaon AKA Me!” an angrier version of Felicity’s voice flooded the room. The trio stared at the machine in shock. “There’s another message?” Luke whispered a twinge of hope flaming in his heart. Maybe he could save her. Maybe she had gotten sick of waiting for him, found passage, and was on her way to him right now. “Please press one to play the message or two to continue to the next message,” the automated voice prompted. Luke hit one with so much force he worried for a second it might break the machine. “I can’t believe this,” Leia said in amazement. “She left another message.” “I don’t understand why she would,” Luke racked his brain for ideas. “What more did she need to say?” “Well,” Leia replied, “you two did just undergo some pretty traumatic and emotional events. I remember the way I felt after Han was frozen, and how there was so much I needed to say to him. Things like this have a way of reminding us how important love truly is, and how blessed you can be to find your perfect mate, even if you don’t always see eye to eye. Maybe Felicity needed to take a moment to just express and reiterate the depth of her love for you, and how grateful she is to have you as the father of her child.” "You know what?" Felicity’s recorded voice began to yell, "No! I am not letting this go! Who the hell tells someone they'll see each other again, and then doesn't leave even one damn com line open so they can contact you. I mean, seriously? Are you kidding me, Luke? I've been through hell and back and I get a busy signal ? You get your ass here, Skywalker, right now or I swear to the Force itself, I will kill you." Luke and Leia stared at the machine in shock. “…Or to threaten your life for missing her calls,” Leia weakly offered. “I’m sorry, Luke.” “Did you hear that?” Luke whispered, his eyes unmoving from the machine. “In Felicity’s defense, she is in a pretty bad situation. You can’t blame her for being upset, but she’ll be happier when we get her.” “That’s the thing, Leia.” Luke looked up at Leia, horror frozen on his face, “Felicity didn’t say where she was.” Leia’s jaw dropped. “Jaina,” Leia ordered, “we need to find the source of this message now .” “Yes, Ma'am!” Jaina was immediately on the phone with the message provider. As Luke watched Jaina helplessly, he prayed that he would find Felicity before the First Order did. But that was a race Luke would not win. Notes: So this chapter was originally going to contain the inevitable abandonment, but this chapter just got so long I had to split it up. That's right, the next chapter is solely devoted to the trauma of a mother abandoning her child. It's terrible and I love it. Chapter 7 : Felicity's Sacrifice Summary: Felicity makes a decision no mother should ever have to face. Notes: This is going to be a tough chapter. Reader discretion is advised. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The Long Way Home Chapter Seven Felicity’s Sacrifice It was an ordinary day on Jakku when the First Order arrived. A fearsome display of soldiers, ships, and weapons. At first it was worried that it was some sort of attack or raid or that the many criminals of Jakku had been found in some elaborate sting arranged by Plutt. But much to everyone’s surprise, the chrome suited Captain leading the charge was merely there to interrogate the whereabouts of a brunette woman and her child. “Sorry, haven’t seen them,” a scavenger named Ivano Troade shrugged. “Although, the little one would be useful for getting in small ducts and conduits. I should look into that.” “Oh yeah, I’ve definitely seen them,” Jarex Zolhar, another scavenger grinned. “Now about that reward?” Phasma quickly discovered Jarex actually had no knowledge of the girls and was just trying to scam the reward out of her. She ordered that her soldiers beat a lesson into him that he’d never forget. “I haven’t treated a child in ages,” Doctor Aletha Kymeri told Phasma while tending to Jarex’s wounds. Aletha had a policy not to give out information about her patients, no matter how hard her arm was twisted. She was from a more civilized planet where doctor-patient confidentially was a legal obligation, and that was habit she had been unwilling to give up after getting stuck on Jakku. “A child in these parts? How ridiculous,” a scavenger named Mashra shook her head when she was interrogated at one of Plutt’s washing tables. “And what of this woman?” Captain Phasma pulled out a hologram of Felicity Rhiaon Skywalker. After a myriad of encounters and scuffles between the two, Phasma wanted nothing more than to overtake Rhiaon and finally declare herself the champion of their rivalry. “She is a very dangerous criminal who must be subdued.” Mashra looked up at Phasma in amusement, “Honey, if you’re on the hunt for dangerous criminals, you’ll have your pick of the litter here on Jakku. Now make yourself useful and hand me that brush.” Phasma slammed her hand down on the brush before the Aqualish could grab it. Even behind her emotionless helmet, Phasma looked intimidating as her chrome suit shone in the sunlight. “Answer the question, scavenger or I’ll arrest you for withholding evidence,” Phasma snapped, her voice still elegant behind her voice modulator. “Is there a problem here?” someone asked. Phasma turned to see a great blob of an alien staring her down surrounded by several intimidating looking creatures no doubt of ill repute. Of course, Phasma knew she could take them all down in seconds, but they hardly seemed worth her time. “Shiny’s just giving me a few problems, Plutt,” Mashra unaffected by Phasma’s display grabbed the brush and started using it on her salvage. “Asking me about a wanted woman. I warn you, Plutt, you better not charge me for my time at the table she’s wasting.” “Just this once,” Plutt would have usually fought Mashra tooth and nail on the discount, but the shiny Stormtrooper concerned him. “Ma’am, I must ask you not bother my customers.” “Sir, I will bother them if I wish,” Phasma turned her focus on Plutt, “and I suggest you cooperate with me if you wish to keep the peace.” “Now you listen here-” “Perhaps you can help my search. We are offering a reward.” “A reward?” Plutt perked up. “What are we looking for? I know every criminal in town and where you can find them.” “Have you seen this woman?” Phasma held up the hologram of Felicity. “She’s traveling with a young girl. I do not have an image of the child, but reports indicate she is almost the mirror image of her mother.” “She is that,” Unkar thought. He considered his options. Why wait for Lover Boy to deal him a reward when Lover Boy seemed the be taking his sweet time, and the First Order could deliver one today? Then again, Lover Boy was Luke Skywalker. Though Felicity refused to speak of her husband’s finances, there was no doubting his was a much pricier meal ticket than some wannabe Imperial. Not to mention Plutt had heard the stories of the Hutt gang who had crossed Skywalker, and attacked his friends. There was no telling what Skywalker would do to someone betraying his wife and child. “Never seen her,” Unkar shook his head. Phasma chuckled, “That, Plutt is a bold faced lie.” “And what makes you say that?” Unkar sounded nonchalant, but inwardly was scrambling to figure out where he messed up. “You have seen her.” Phasma paused and looked back at Mashra. She was unsure if she should reveal Felicity’s identity in front of the scavenger. Mashra however, had completely tuned Phasma and Plutt out, and was even shooting them the occasional glare. “This woman’s name is Felicity Rhiaon,” Phasma continued. “Felicity Rhiaon Skywalker to be exact. Twenty years ago she came to this planet with a man named Diego Nalto. The two of them worked for you for a month. Think hard: Rhiaon. Felicity Rhiaon.” “Not ringing a bell,” Unkar shook his head. “Listen, Sweetheart, you can’t actually expect me to remember someone who worked for me briefly twenty years ago. I can’t even remember what I had for breakfast yesterday.” “Imperial rations,” one of the goons suddenly put in. “Thank you, Dirk,” Unkar rolled his eyes while the goon next to Dirk smacked him. “But my answer hasn’t changed: I haven’t seen that woman or her kid in the past twenty years. Now if you don’t mind, I’m a very busy man with lots to do. Good luck with your search.” Phasma glared at Plutt, “I’ll be watching you.” “I’m sure you will,” Unkar grinned. With that, Phasma turned on her heel and stormed off. “Roke!” Unkar snapped at the closest goon. He leaned in close and whispered, “Spread the word quickly, anyone who gives up Rhiaon will be dead by nightfall. Her husband’s far too loaded for us not to tap into his resources. And get me a speeder and some rations. I think it’s high time to pay Mrs. Skywalker a little visit.” “Oof!” Felicity was woken up by a heavy bag landing on her body. “Rise and shine, My Girl!” a voice called. Still half asleep, Felicity grabbed the blaster at her side and pointed it at the intruder. “Hey, don’t shoot!” the voice exclaimed. Felicity’s eyes focused and revealed that Unkar Plutt was standing at the entrance of the walker. She groaned, setting down the blaster and shoved aside the duffle bag he had thrown at her. “Mommy?” Rey whimpered from the hammock, clutching her pilot doll tightly. “Are we in trouble?” “No, it’s just Plutt,” Felicity assured Rey. “Although he’s going to be in trouble pretty quick if he doesn’t explain the rude awakening. Seriously, you throw a bag at me while I sleep? You just lost a hundred credits from your reward for that. And why is that bag so heavy?” “It has two weeks of rations in it,” Plutt explained. “Enough for you and girl. I can’t come out here to bring you rations or messages for a while.” “We had a deal, Plutt,” Felicity glowered at him “You promised I wouldn’t have to go into Niima.” “Trust me, Niima’s the last place you should be right now.” “And why’s that?” “Because the First Order decided to make a visit today.” Felicity shot onto her feet, “The First Order?” “Mommy, are the bad people here?” Rey asked fearfully. “No, of course not,” Felicity grinned at Rey. She turned back to Plutt and jerked her head towards the exit. “Can I have a word?” “Ladies first,” Plutt extended an arm to the exit. “When did they get here?” Felicity asked the second they were outside. “Yesterday morning,” Plutt answered. “I would have come sooner, but it’s hard not to draw attention when you go into the desert with a bag of rations.” “I assume the bag of rations means you want me to stay put for two weeks and hope they leave?” “I’ve already made it clear to my customers that if they want to continue to eat they’ll not say a word about you or the girl.” “Never thought you cared that much about us,” Felicity sarcastically shot. Plutt grinned, “The only thing I care about is the reward Lover Boy is going to give me and I’ve invested far too much in you two to turn you over to the First Order. Besides, Skywalker’s much richer than the First Order. Is it true he personally financed the Jedi Order?” “For the last time, Plutt, I’m not discussing my family’s finances,” Felicity warned. “Do you really think the First Order will leave in two weeks?” “You have more experience with them than me. What do you think?” Felicity sighed, “I need you to call Luke.” “Tried. They’re blocking all calls.” Felicity muttered a swear, the origin language of which she had long forgotten. “I suggest you just wait, hope, and if Skywalker doesn’t show up, I’ll see you in two weeks.” Felicity had no choice, “I guess I’ll see you in two weeks.” No one knew what to make of the Stormtroopers that swarmed Niima Outpost. There were many rumors about their reason for being there: they were there to inspect that old Imperial science station or whatever that random military base thing hidden several ridges over was. Some thought they were there to salvage old Imperial artifacts leftover from the Battle of Jakku. “Good luck,” the scavengers would snicker as they saw teams bring out scanners. Much of the good stuff have be found a long time ago. But most rumours centered on the image of a woman and young girl that was shoved in the face of everyone who had the misfortunate of interacting with a First Order officer. Some had seen the girls: human, pale skin, brown hair, hazel eyes, looking too well-fed, and under the protection of Unkar Plutt. The theories about them were abundant: they were spies, foreign royalty, thieves, con artists, slaves, a defected First Order officer and her secret love child with another officer. There was even one crazy story that the girls were the wife and child of the mythical Jedi Grandmaster Luke Skywalker. None of these theories were shared with the First Order, however. While there was no law on Jakku, there was a sense of order and a set of rules everyone would follow. The most important rules were: 1 – you didn’t ask about other people on Jakku, and 2 – you certainly never gave someone up unless it was in your best interest. And screwing over someone under the protection of the man in charge of your food supply was definitely not in anyone’s best interest. Of course, not everyone was intimidated by Unkar Plutt and his cronies. Generally, they were the people who had enough honour not to surrender a mother and child to a faceless military organization. “Never seen ‘em,” Quom Tinadar lied when the First Order barraged into his mechanic tent. Pulling himself on a small scooter underneath the broken speeder he was fixing, Quom felt sympathetic to no nonsense Jyn Erso and her little Miracle Girl. “People like that – especially people with kids – don’t stay on Jakku long. They tend to find the first transport and get the hell off this dust ball. If they were here, they’re long gone by now.” “If you see or hear anything, you will let us know,” Phasma ordered. “Absolutely,” Quom said. As he fiddled with the machinery he heard the soldiers trample out of his tent. Sighing, Quom pulled himself back out from under the speeder and watched the soldiers outside from the flap of the tent. It would take a miracle for that little girl and her mother to escape the First Order, and if Quom knew anything, there was no miracles on Jakku. A thought suddenly occurred to him: if it was discovered that he had helped them, Quom could be in a lot of trouble. But that wasn’t possible, right? There was no evidence to implicate him, no proof that he had ever interacted with Jyn and Rey Erso. Nothing except for the rings. Scrambling to her feet, Quom crossed to a small cabinet in the tent where he kept various odds and ends. The top drawer locked, and it was where he had kept the rings. Sure enough, there they were shining brightly in the top drawer. Quom couldn’t help but admire how well they had been taken care of. Jyn Erso had clearly loved the rings, thoroughly cleaning and polishing her rings on a regular basis. Whoever gave them to Jyn must have loved her pretty fiercely as well. The golden engagement ring had no less than nine diamonds on it: one large one in the middle that was a little more than one carat, then two smaller ones on each side, and then a further three on either side each the size of a stylus tip. The clarity and quantity of them indicated that the giver had been well off, yet the sizes suggested he still had a sense of modesty. But it was the touch of personality of the wedding bands that intrigued Quom the most. Engraved on the inside was the phrase: Thank you. Anytime. He wondered what it meant. Was it some kind of code? A phrase they used often? The first words they ever said to each other? Quom was tempted to track down Jyn and as her about it. However, he refrained as he felt asking the meaning of the engraving on the wedding ring he extorted from her would probably just get him slapped. Quom sighed; he felt guilty about taking the rings. After all the rough and tumble people who Quom had to deal with on Jakku, he just assumed that demanding someone’s wedding rings as payment was acceptable. But these Erso girls weren’t from Jakku, and he had taken advantage of Jyn’s desperation for a miracle. Making up his mind, Quom opened another drawer and found a piece of string. He threaded the rings through it and tied it around his neck before tucking it into his shirt. Wearing the rings around his neck solved too problems for Quom. First, the First Order wouldn’t find it if the raided his tent. Second, he had quick access to them for the next time he ran into Jyn Erso. Because the next time he saw Jyn Erso, he was going to give her back her wedding rings. It was the least he could do for the woman who taught him to believe in miracles again. “They’ve moved on to the sacred villages,” Plutt declared to Felicity two weeks later as he dropped off the next set of rations. “I don’t know what’s going to happen when they reach the end of Pilgrim’s Road and find nothing. But if something doesn’t happen soon, they’re going to set up camp permanently and then we’re all in trouble. Jarex Zolhar almost gave you up, you know.” “Who is Jarex Zolhar, and why does he want to give me up?” Felicity frowned as she sat next to Plutt on the hill outside the walker. Rey was safely asleep in her hammock, oblivious to Plutt’s visit. It was for the best, Felicity had always hated the way Plutt stared at her, and he had made one too many comments for Felicity’s liking on how much Rey looked like her. She would keep Rey and Plutt apart as much possible. “A two-bit scavenger who thinks he’s entitled to whatever he wants,” Plutt answered. “Pain in the ass, but always sells a damn good haul. You would have been done for if he actually had anything to tell the First Order.” “Why won’t they leave?” Felicity sighed. “They know you’re here,” Plutt answered. “There’s this really shiny one who is determined to find you. Keeps bugging my customers, and when they’re not profitable, I’m not profitable, and then we have a problem. Shiny’s been on my case from the start. I think she knows something’s up.” “Shiny?” “Her suit is chrome.” Felicity put her head in her hands, “Of course, Phasma is here. Can’t that woman just leave me alone? I have enough to deal with right now.” “Not to be brash, but there is a little business I’ve meaning to discuss with you. If something were to happen to Lover Boy, you still have a way of paying me, right?” Felicity glared at Plutt, “Do you want me to shoot you?” “Funny, Sweetheart.” “Do not call me Sweetheart!” Felicity snapped. Only Luke was allowed to call her that. “And yes, I do have something I can pay you with.” “Wh-” “No, I’m not tell you where I keep it.” “Damn.” Felicity sighed, “They’re not going to leave are they?” “The only way they’re leaving is if they have you on board,” Plutt said. Felicity refused to believe it; there had to be something she could do to get them to leave. The only question was: could she do it? Felicity would be lying if she said the thought never occurred to her. It would cross her mind in the black of night when Rey was asleep and Felicity allowed herself to cry. The nights when she was cold, sad, and missing her husband. But it was a dark thought, one she refused to allow stay in her head for very long. It was a remnant of those dark days when she battled postpartum depression in secret, avoiding treatment and allowing the condition to worsen due her to pride not allowing her admit she had a problem. Those dark days when she allowed the condition to get so bad that an accidental moment of neglect had nearly taken the life of her precious daughter. The incident she never spoke of. Felicity did not like to dwell on the memories of those days. She had secretly held on to the thought that the incident she never spoke of made her a terrible mother. It was why Felicity always pushed herself to be constantly ensuring Rey was taken care of. She had fought so hard against her depression to accept that just because she made a few mistakes didn’t make her a bad mother and that as long as she did things to keep Rey safe, she would be a good one. Then why did it seem that in that situation with the First Order on their tail, the only way Felicity could be a good mother was to be a bad one? Why did the thought of a horrific act keep entering her mind? And why did it seem to be the only way to keep Rey safe? As Felicity laid under her blanket, a hand absentmindedly stroking the material of Luke’s flight suit, she wondered what her husband would do in this situation. Would he take the selfish choice to stay behind with Rey or would he make the sacrifice required of the best choice? Felicity didn’t need to wonder though; the question had been answered the last time she saw her husband. “But you have to take Rey and go. It's our best choice right now,” Luke had insisted. He had made the sacrifice of the best choice, but this was different. Luke knew that Rey would be taken care of by Felicity in that situation. What Felicity was considering now was a whole other matter. "Then we condemn Rey," Luke calmly said the night they parted. Tears were shining in his eyes, "If we both stay, she does too, and we put her in the line of fire.” The First Order was getting closer by the day. Plutt couldn’t even stick to a two week delivering rations schedule for fear of getting caught by the First Order. Pretty soon, someone on Niima was going to crack and turn in Felicity, and she was only dragging down Rey with her. But she couldn’t do it. How could she bring herself to do it? How could she or Luke forgive her for doing it? How could she even begin to explain it to Luke? How could he possibly ever understand what she did and how she could do it? Luke would never do it. He would stand and fight, even if it meant both he and Rey went down in a blaze of glory. But she wasn’t Luke. “We both know that you are more capable of making difficult decisions and even sacrifices for Rey's safety. Decisions… I could never bring myself to commit." Felicity hugged her knees to her chest and quietly cried. Luke was right, she could make this decision. But why did she have to? How could Luke ever love someone like that? How could Rey? How could she even love herself? "But that is why I love you. You are strong where I am weak, and we balance each other perfectly.” Felicity looked over at Rey soundly asleep in her hammock. Rey was the perfect representation of how Luke and Felicity balanced each other. How they loved each other, and accepted each other, flaws and all. Felicity had to protect that precious proof of their love. Rey would never understand why her mother did it, but Luke would, and hopefully one day, he would explain it to Rey. “I swear to you, Felicity, this will not be like Brendan.” Brendan, her beloved older brother who promised to come home from Imperial duty as a Stormtrooper, and then was blown up by the Imperials in a failed piece of propaganda meant to pin the incident on the Rebels. An incident that when discovered would lead to one of the highest number of recruits in Alliance history, second to only the events of the first death Star. Luke had been wrong; this would be like Brendan: a broken promise to come home. But then again, Rhiaons never were great at keeping promises to their family. Felicity should be as ashamed as Vader to call herself a Skywalker. “We will see each other again." No, they wouldn’t; but if this sacrifice meant that Luke and Rey would see each other again, then it was a sacrifice Felicity was willing to make. Her mind made up, Felicity crossed to Rey peacefully sleeping in her hammock. Careful not to let her tears fall on Rey, Felicity bent down and kissed her forehead. “I love you so much, Sweetheart,” Felicity whispered. “I love you far more than you could ever imagine. If there was any other way, I swear to you, I’d take it. I- I’m so sorry, Rey. I’m sorry.” Then Felicity went back to her bed, wrapped herself in Luke’s flight suit blanket, and cried herself to sleep. Felicity was waiting for Plutt three days later when he brought them their next set of rations. She stared fixedly at him, fiddling with her credit chip in one hand. Though her demeanour was strong, inside Felicity was terrified. Rey was inside the walker, completely unaware of what her mother was about to do. “The First Order?” Felicity demanded as Plutt got out of the speeder. Plutt sighed, “They’ve finished searching the villages and are now searching the wreckage in the desert. You’re running out of time.” “I know,” Felicity said sadly. She held out the credit chip, “Here.” “A credit chip?” Plutt raised a brow. “My emergency funds. This should cover all costs we’ve incurred, as well as enough costs for five years and then some. The passcode to access the funds is ‘Burning Homestead.’” “Kinda morbid.” “And ironic, that’s why no one would ever think of it. If you follow my terms, the entire thing is yours to keep.” “What’s all this? Are you changing our agreement?” “Call it Plan B,” Felicity’s voice was cold and emotionless. She wouldn’t allow Plutt to be the thing that made her break down. “And what is Plan B?” Felicity looked back at the walker. Plutt understood, “You want me to watch the girl until Lover Boy gets here. Well, I think I can-” Felicity pulled the credit chip away from Plutt’s grasp. “You listen very carefully,” Felicity’s voice was firm. “You keep her safe . You keep her fed . You keep her hydrated. You keep her clothed . And above all, more than anything else, you keep her distracted . Are we agreed?” Plutt grabbed the credit chip and smiled, “Agreed.” Taking a deep breath, Felicity readied herself as best she could for the next part. She of course, could never truly be ready, but she had no choice. Wiping the tears from her eyes, Felicity ducked into the walker. Rey was playing with her doll when Felicity entered. She looked up and beamed at her mother, “Mommy, want to play with me?” Felicity struggled not to burst into tears. She was the worst mother in the history of the galaxy for doing this. “Rey, I need you to come here for a minute,” Felicity struggled to regulate her voice. “Mommy needs to talk to you.” Sensing something was wrong, Rey set her doll down and approached her mother. “What’s wrong, Mommy?” Rey asked. “Oh, Rey,” Felicity pulled into a tight hug. “Rey, you know that Mommy loves you more than anything in the galaxy, right?” “Except Daddy,” Rey said. “No,” Felicity shook her head and pulled back. Rey’s arms settled around Felicity’s neck as Felicity placed her hands on Rey’s shoulders, “I love you even more than Daddy. More than anything and anyone in the entire galaxy. I swear that to you, and I don’t want you to forget that.” “I won’t,” Rey looked confused as to why they were having that comversation. “I know… Rey, do you what Mommy said all that while ago about keeping you safe? How Mommy will do whatever it takes to keep you safe and that might mean Mommy does some things you don't like, and some things Mommy might not be proud of?” Rey nodded, “But I’ll get back to Daddy.” “Right. Well, Mommy has to make one of those choices right now.” “What choice?” Rey asked innocently. Felicity took a deep breath, “Mommy- Mommy… has to go away for a little while.” Rey’s eyes went wide, “What? Where are you going?” “Mommy has to go see some people so that you’re safe.” “Where do I go?” “You… you have to stay here with Mister Plutt. He’s going to take care of you until Daddy gets here.” “What? No! NO!” Rey wailed as she tightened her arms around Felicity’s neck. “No, I’m going with you!” “No, you have to stay,” Felicity struggled to maintain her composure. “NO! NO! Mommy, don’t go! Please don’t leave me!” “Listen to me, Rey,” Felicity stroked Rey’s tear stained cheek. Tears had swelled in Felicity’s eyes as well, “You listen to me. Our family is going to come back for you. You do not go with anyone but our family. Do you understand? You go with Daddy, you go with Uncle Han, or you go with Aunt Leia. You do not go with anyone else. Even if Uncle Lando or Poe shows up, you don’t go with them. Okay? And under no circumstance do you go with Ben. You see Ben, you run away and you don’t look back. Do you understand me?” “No, Mommy! Please don’t go! Don’t leave me!” Rey sobbed, clutching onto her mother as a lifeline. “I’m so sorry, Rey. I’m so sorry,” Felicity tried to ease Rey’s arms off of her, but Rey wouldn’t let go. “Rey, you have to let go of Mommy.” “NO!” Rey clung on as tightly as possible. “Rey, please let go!” “NO! NO! NO! MOMMY! DON’T GO!” “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry,” Felicity took a deep breath, grabbed Rey’s tiny hands, and using her superior strength, forced them off of her neck. “NO!” Rey launched herself at her mother and grabbed her leg. “Plutt! I need a hand!” Felicity called as she sobbed and tried to pry Rey off only to be reattached the moment she had. Felicity tried to look strong when Plutt entered the walker. “Please, hold her back.” Easily Plutt pulled Rey off of Felicity and held her in his tight grip, refusing to let her go, “Take my speeder. Drop it off with one of my guys and tell them to come for me in an hour. I won’t let her follow.” “Thank you,” Felicity gasped in pain at the sight of her daughter fighting against Plutt’s grasp. “Goodbye, Rey. I love you.” “NO! NO! MOMMY! DON’T LEAVE! PLEASE, DON’T LEAVE ME!” Felicity climbed into the speeder and looked back at her daughter one last time. Just a push of a button and Felicity would have completed the unthinkable act of abandoning her daughter. “DON’T LEAVE ME!” Rey begged. “PLEASE, MOMMY! DON’T LEAVE ME!” “I’ll come back for you,” the words escaped Felicity’s mouth before she could stop them. She wanted to believe it, she wanted her last memory of her daughter not to be Rey desperately screaming and crying for her to come back. She wanted to someday be reunited with her husband and child, and be one big happy family. "I'll come back, Sweetheart," Felicity tried to keep her voice calm and level. Rey was far too young to understand. "I promise." Unbeknownst to Felicity, she had just repeated Luke’s own final words to Rey. For the second time, a parent was abandoning her and Rey didn’t understand why. “I love you, Rey,” Felicity whispered before starting the speeder. “MOMMY, NO!” And Felicity hit the gas. “MOMMY! COME BACK, MOMMY! COME BACK!” “I’ll come back, Sweetheart,” Felicity promised as she drove away. “I promise.” “MOMMY!” And as Rey disappeared in the distance, Felicity’s heart shattered. Felicity knew that despite swearing never to make Rey another bad promise, her final words to Rey were a lie. Because Felicity knew she was never coming back. Ten minutes later, Felicity stopped the speeder. All courage had been sapped from her as she left her daughter behind in the hands of a man she didn’t trust. She couldn’t stop replaying those desperate screams in her mind. Felicity pulled the speeder over next to a hill, sat behind it and cried. “Oh, God, what have I done?” Felicity wailed, hugging her knees to her chest. “I’m sorry, Rey! I am so sorry!” She cried and cried and cried and cried. Felicity hit herself, spat insults at herself, and screamed to the high heavens. She told herself that she wasn’t worthy of the beloved family she had, and was no better than its lowest members. She was no better than her father: the man who she had begged on the Death Star to come back to the Rebel base with her, but instead he had sounded the alarm. A man who fatally shot her best friend, Riz Drayson while he stood right next to her. A man whose love and acceptance of her was not unconditional like a proper parent, but only came when she submitted to his terms. She was no better than her father-in-law: a man who couldn’t even recognize his own daughter and tortured her on multiple occasions. A man who had threatened to turn his daughter to the Dark Side when he did learn of her connection to him. A man who cut off his own son’s hand seconds before asking said son to rule the Galaxy with him. She was no better than her nephew: a man who betrayed everyone who loved him. A man who worshiped the charred helmet of a dead monster. A man who had attempted to murder his five-year-old cousin for the title of legacy. Felicity was no better than any of them, and she had committed the offence she most despised of her father. She hated the disgusting creature she was: a mother who had abandoned her child. Felicity cried. She didn’t care who heard her. She cried until there were no more tears left in her body, and even then she convulsed with dry sobs. Eventually, with no tears, the crying ceased, and Felicity just sat there staring out at the distance in silent horror at what she had done. By the time the sun was at its highest point, Felicity knew she was ready to face the First Order. She knew there was nothing pleasant in store for her: torture and even death. They would do all they could to break her. But she also knew that there was nothing they could do to hurt her. She had nothing left to break. Feeling dead inside, Felicity slowly stood, got into the speeder, and drove for Niima. She stopped not far from the outside. There were First Order officers guarding what served to be the entrance of the town. There was no way she could get Plutt’s speeder to one of his lackeys without being stopped by the First Order. Without any means of checking up on Rey, Felicity had no idea if Plutt would break the deal if his speeder wasn’t returned. Of course, she didn’t know if Plutt could cut off the deal in general, but there was nothing more she could do about that. What was she going to do? “Erso!” Felicity forgot she was supposed to answer to that name when a familiar alien pulled his speeder up next to you. “Hey, Erso,” Quom Tinadar smiled. “Been a while.” Felicity frowned, “I’m really not in the mood, right now Tinadar.” Quom frowned as he took in the red puffy faced, dead eyed sight of Jyn Erso. “Is everything alright?” Quom shut off his speeder and hopped out of it. “Oh, just fine,” Felicity snapped. “Or have you been so out of it that you actually believe that statement could be true?” “What happened?” “None of your damn business.” “Come on, you can tell me. I’m harmless.” “You blackmailed me into giving up my wedding ring or you would leave my daughter to die. What the hell do you call harmful?” “I’m sorry. Look,” Quom pulled out the rings from his shirt and untied the string from around his neck. “I’m sorry. I was a jerk. You can have them back.” Felicity stared at the ring hanging from Quom’s grasp. She remembered the ecstatic looks of pure joy as Luke gave her each one. She remembered that goofy lopsided smile she fell in love with. She remembered the passionate kisses he bestowed upon her after agreeing to marry him, and sealing it with an I do. It hit Felicity hard: she would never see Luke again. His joy would be replaced by sorrow when he learned what had happened to her. That grin would never be given to her again. Those lips would never taste her own again. They had promised each other a marriage until they were old and gray, but would only get six far too brief years. “No,” Felicity was ashamed; she couldn’t bare to let those rings grace her finger again. “I can’t.” Felicity couldn’t stop the tears. Her only comfort was that she could at least leave Rey behind for Luke. At least they could have each other. “Hey,” a furry hand touched Felicity’s shoulder. “Don’t cry.” Felicity looked up in surprise at Quom comforting her, “I’m sorry, I just can’t take those rings back. I can’t even look at them.” “How about I hang on to them until you’re ready?” Quom suggested, tying the string back around her neck. Felicity chuckled, “Sure. We’ll go with that.” She wondered what Quom would do when he found out Felicity could never take them back. “What happened? Why are you so upset?” “I… I’ve done something terrible,” Felicity couldn’t bare to admit what she had done. “It was for the greater good, but it hurts like hell.” “Here,” Quom pulled her into a hug. “I’m sorry you had to do whatever it is you’ve done. Please, is there anything I can do to help? No strings attached, promise. I feel terrible about what I’ve done to you and I want to make it up to you.” Felicity sniffed, “Well… there is something.” “Name it.” Felicity pulled out of his embrace and wiped the tears out of her eyes, “Can you take this speeder back to the walker? It’s Plutt’s and he needs it back, but I can’t get it to his crones.” “Sure, of course,” Quom scrambled to his truck to hitch his speeder to Plutt’s. “But that doesn’t seem like a lot. Is there anything else? I did do something terrible to you.” “Trust me, it’s not the worst thing someone’s done to me.” “Well, considering the people you hinted at knowing when you almost shot me, I don’t want to be lumped in with them. Come on, anything you want and I’ll do it. Promise.” Felicity hesitated, “Alright, if you ever see Rey and she needs help… will you give it to her?” “Sure, but that doesn’t sound like much,” Quom laughed as he fastened the cable. “After all, you’re very much a Mama Nexu. Where are you going to be when Rey needs some help?” Felicity was silent. Quom understood. “Oh,” He looked down at the sad guiltily. “I didn’t realize-” “It’s the only way they’ll leave,” Felicity muttered. Quom didn’t hesitate to hug her again, “I’ll take care of your little Miracle Girl. I promise you, Jyn.” Felicity smiled, “Actually… my name’s Felicity.” “Alright, I’ll take care of her, Felicity.” “Thank you.” Quom smiled and whispered, “Anytime.” Felicity didn’t ask how he knew the phrase, but she knew he understood its significance. When Quom was gone, Felicity took a deep breath, squared her shoulders and said, “I’m ready.” Without a speeder, Felicity was able to sneak into Niima Outpost unnoticed. If she was going to turn herself in, it wasn't going to be to Random Stormtrooper Number Eighty-Three, she was going the big boss herself. Phasma was easy for Felicity to find; her suit was blinding in the Jakku sunlight. When Felicity found her, Phasma was harassing the poor doctor who had treated Rey all those weeks ago. Felicity was upset at the sight; Aletha had been very kind to Felicity on that day. “So I performed CPR and got her breathing again,” Felicity had said in a panic. Aletha smiled and put a gentle hand on Felicity’s arm, “She’ll be alright. I’m going to do an ice bath, and that should have her all better in a little while.” “You swear she’s going to be okay?” “Take a deep breath, Mommy. You did everything right, and because of that you managed to save her from a very horrible death. It could have been a lot worse, but she’ll sleep soundly in your arms tonight.” “And wake up in the morning?” “And wake up in the morning,” Aletha chuckled. “Now go with Plutt and tell her father his little girl will be alright.” Felicity looked hesitantly at Plutt waiting irritated in the doorway, “Fine but if anything happens to Rey, I’m coming after you personally.” “Deal.” “Please! I don’t know anything about a little girl, I swear!” Aletha cried out as Phasma’s troops pointed their blasters at her. “Well, someone knows something around here and I’m not leaving until I get some answers!” Phasma snapped. She looked at her troops, “Let’s see how much she loves her little practice.” “No! Don’t!” Aletha screamed as the Stormtroopers began smashing her equipment. “I don’t know anything.” “Let me through!” Felicity ordered the crowd who had gathered to watch. “Move!” “Now do you know anything?” Phasma turned to Aletha. “No, I don’t,” Aletha answered. It appeared that Phasma had underestimated her resilience. “Then we have no choice but to make you talk.” Aletha yelped as Phasma backhanded her fist across the doctor’s face sending her clattering to the ground. Felicity pushed her way out of the crowd, “HEY!” Phasma looked in surprise as Aletha cowered on the ground. “Leave her alone,” Felicity ordered, her eyes flashing fiercely as she marched towards the women. The Stormtroopers immediately turned their blasters on Felicity. “Don’t fire,” Phasma held up her hand as Felicity reached them. “Well, well, Felicity Rhiaon finally arrives.” Felicity glared at Phasma and then bent down to help Aletha, who was lying on the ground. “Get up and get out of here,” Felicity commanded. “My husband should arrive on Jakku shortly. Find Luke, tell him what happened, and he’ll pay for new equipment. Tell him Felicity sent you. If he doesn’t believe you tell him that I told you to say anytime when he says thank you. Do you understand?” Aletha nodded. “Go,” Felicity pulled her up and gently pushed her towards the crowd. The crowd was a flurry of whispers as Aletha disappeared into them. After weeks of interrogation they were finally getting the showdown they craved. “So kindhearted,” Phasma said. Felicity rose to her feet, “From time to time, but it’s my fury that’s my signature.” “Funny, I thought it was making excuses as it why you’re not just some… what’s the term? Golddigger that leeches off her husband’s legacy.” “You are wrong on so many levels, the least of which being that fact that the only gold Luke and I own are our wedding rings.” “Which I see you’re not wearing,” Phasma shot a pointed look at Felicity’s bare hand. “What’s the matter? Gave up so soon? Think the Knights of Ren killed him?” “Don’t make me laugh,” Felicity shot. “Let’s cut the crap, Phasma. We both know why you’re here.” “Alright then. Where is she? Where’s the girl?” Felicity smirked, “In a place you’ll never find her.” “I doubt that,” Phasma chuckled. “Come on, Rhiaon, make my job a littler easier and just tell me where she is. We won’t kill her; the Supreme Leader has glorious plans for her.” “He will never lay a hand on my daughter.” “Just tell me. We’re going to find her eventually. It’ll just save us some time, and if you cooperate the Supreme Leader might find some use for you.” Felicity glowered at Phasma, “Listen to me carefully, PH-5177, the only way you’re going to get the location of my daughter is if you beat it out of me with my dying breath.” “Alright then,” Phasma bashed the butt of her blaster against Felicity’s temple, knocking her out cold. She gestured to Felicity lying on the ground, “Get her on the ship and bring us to the base. Have a team stay behind and sweep the area. The girl can’t be too far.” The crowd muttered to each other as Phasma picked up the unconscious Felicity and carried her to the ship. The citizens of Niima Outpost didn’t usually care about anyone but themselves, but they knew what the First Order had just done to Felicity Rhiaon was wrong. No matter how much Rey fought against Unkar Plutt, he wouldn’t let her go. “NO! MOMMY, COME BACK! I WANT MOMMY!” Rey screamed, trying to claw her way out of his grasp. She managed to get free only for him to grab her roughly by the arm and hold her still. Why did Mommy leave? She couldn’t understand why it had happened, but she did understand what had happened. This wasn’t like the times Mommy told Rey to stay in the living room while Mommy went to see Daddy working in the garage. This wasn’t like the times Mommy said to stay with Master Alyla Kene in the meditation garden while Mommy went to see Daddy in his office a few hallways down. This wasn’t even like the times Mommy would said to stay with Uncle Han while he worked on the Falcon while Mommy went to Aunt Leia’s office which was a twenty-minute drive from the hanger the Falcon was stored in. Rey knew that Mommy wasn’t just going for a quick visit to someone. But leaving her behind? That had to be a mistake. Suddenly she sensed it; the Force pulling her attention to a ship in the sky. It was flying away from Jakku, and Rey knew that Mommy was on it. “NO!” Rey yelled at the ship. “COME BACK!” “Quiet, girl,” Unkar chastised. Rey quickly looked over at Plutt, but turned her attention back to the ship, “NO!” And then something strange happened. The Force was all around her, pushing images and sounds into her mind. Was this what Daddy meant when he talked about getting visions from the Force? The ship flying away with her mother was heading into the sun. The sky turned red as a dark object eclipsed the precious light. Then suddenly Mommy was on her knees before a shiny Stormtrooper and a red haired man. They were hitting her and demanding to know where Rey was. Mommy wouldn’t tell. The scene shifted to Daddy watching a holo of the bad people hurting Mommy. He was standing next to the dejarik table on the Falcon. Uncle Han and Aunt Leia were with him. Mommy said something Rey couldn’t make out. “NO!” Daddy screamed, falling to floor on his knees. Everyone was crying and hugging. Rey didn’t like seeing everyone so sad. Why were they sad? The scene shifted to an orange and white droid. It was BB-8, Rey recognized. That was Poe’s droid, and she loved both Poe and his droid. They played the best with her. BB-8 was on Jakku with a tall girl wearing the same hairstyle and clothing as Rey. “I know all about waiting,” the tall girl said. BB-8 beeped something at the girl. “For my family,” the girl said. “They'll be back. One day.” The scene shifted and the girl was talking to a dark skinned boy. “Don't go,” the girl begged. “Take care of yourself,” the boy said. “Please.” The scene shifted again. The girl was strapped to a table and Ben was standing before her. His hand was outstretched and he was doing the bad mind thing Daddy had forbidden. The girl was struggling to hold back tears. “You're so lonely... so afraid to leave...” Ben taunted. The scene shifted to Uncle Han in the Falcon talking to the girl and dark skinned boy. “Luke felt responsible,” Uncle Han said. “He walked away from everything.” The scene shifted again. Ben was walking down a hallway carrying Mommy. Mommy was hanging limply in his arms, her eyes glassy like Zena Halcorr’s. A strange woman’s voice sounded along to the scene. “Dear child. I see your eyes. You already know the truth. Whomever you're waiting for on Jakku…” An image of Mommy’s face filled Rey’s mind followed by an image of a chrome Stormtrooper helmet. “They're never coming back.” Rey screamed as the images vanished and the sky came into focus again. Mommy’s ship was gone. Rey sobbed as she struggled to make sense of the visions and Mommy’s abandonment. She didn’t understand what was happening or what the visions meant. Who was going to take care of her? When was her family going to come back? What was going to happen to Mommy? But if there was one thing Rey did understand it was this: Starting now and lasting for a very long time… Rey was completely alone. Notes: ... Please don't hate me. Chapter 8 : The Lie Summary: Felicity tells a lie that changes the course of history. The Long Way Home Chapter Eight The Lie Phasma smashed a fist into Felicity Rhiaon’s face. “Where is she?” Phasma demanded. Felicity chuckled, “Oh yeah, hit me again. That’ll make me want to tell you.” Felicity cried out as Phasma hit her again. The First Order had been torturing Felicity for five days. They had tried several forms of torture: shoving wedges of bamboo under her nails, electric shocks, whips, burning her joints, dunking her head under the water over and over, and many more unspeakable acts. But despite all of the abuse Felicity endured, she had yet to break. Felicity Rhiaon was no super human, but there was a strength in her love as a mother that gave her the courage to endure for the sake of her child. Perhaps it was related to the momentary strength that allowed a mother to pull a speeder off their pinned baby. Perhaps it was the Force giving her a boost as it recognized her as the lover of the most powerful living Force user, and being the mother of his heir. Or maybe it was the haunting screams of her child that forced her not to allow that harrowing experience to mean nothing. Whatever the reason was, Felicity would not break. Not even as she was forced on her knees before Hux and Phasma, with her hands tied behind her back, hair crudely sheered to cut out the dried blood from her numerous beatings, while a security camera openly recorded the incident. “Cheer up, Rhiaon. When we send this footage to your husband, don’t you wanted him to see your pretty smile?” General Hux jeered as he watched from the sideline. He smirked as Phasma hit Felicity again, “Where is the girl?” Felicity spat out a mouthful of blood, “You know, I wonder about the might of the First Order when they have little boys like you running the show. What are you? Twenty-one?” The fist smashed into her face again. “Then again, I was twenty-one when I stole the plans to the Death Star,” Felicity conceded only to cry out when Phasma kneed her in the stomach. “Damn it, Phasma, you really think kneeing me in the stomach will make me talk?” “No, that was for bringing up the Death Star again,” Phasma answered. “If I have to hear that story one more time-” “Captain,” Hux warned. “Very well.” Phasma pulled Felicity’s head by the hair up to look into her eyes, “Where is Rey Skywalker?” “There’s no such person,” Felicity shot. “Now if you’re talking about Rey Rhiaon Skywalker, her actual name- AH! You know, at least the Imperial torturers liked the occasional witty banter.” “Enough,” Hux snapped. “Tell us whether the girl is.” Felicity’s cold eyes locked with his, “Listen to me very carefully, you can do whatever you want to me. Beat me, cut me, poison me, drown me, burn me, suffocate me, or whatever other creative way you can think of to torture me, but I will never, ever tell you where my daughter is.” Hux looked at Phasma and nodded. Phasma threw Felicity to the ground and signalled to the guards, “Clean her off and cut the dried blood out of her hair. We’ll try again in an hour.” “You know, she’s right,” Phasma walked along the corridor back to the torture chamber with Hux. “If we haven’t broken her yet, I don’t think she ever will. This is a woman who had the nerve to shoot Lord Vader in the life support suit, and then turned around and married his son.” “Don’t glorify her because Skywalker designated her his bedmate,” a voice suddenly said. The duo turned to see a masked Kylo Ren stepping into the corridor, “She’s no legendary hero because she knows a few tricks under the sheets.” “I should have guessed,” Hux sneered. “We can’t have one conversation about Rhiaon without Ben Solo expressing his petty hatred. There are bigger things at play here, Solo.” “Don’t call me that!” Kylo snapped. “It’s Kylo, Master of the Knights of Ren, and don’t act like either of you enjoy Rhiaon’s company.” “Of course not,” Phasma shook her head. “I’ve despised Rhiaon since the day we met and she became a constant thorn in my side, but even I have to admit that Rhiaon didn’t receive such prestige in the Republic for her marriage to Skywalker alone.” “What are you even doing here So-” Hux cut off when he caught Kylo’s look which managed to look annoyed yet deadly from even underneath his mask. Not wanting to piss off the moody teenager armed with a dangerous weapon who had recently murdered a bunch of people, Hux conceded, “What are you doing here, Kylo ?” “I just finished speaking with the Supreme Leader,” Kylo reported, sounding particularly smug. Hux rolled his eyes. “The Supreme Leader wants to know why we have yet to retrieve Skywalker’s daughter,” Kylo relished in Hux’s failure. “Surprisingly, Rhiaon has not been very compliant to her beatings,” Hux sniped. “And don’t you dare criticize my results. We wouldn’t be in this mess if you hadn’t failed that night on Rornian. Remind me again, how pleased was the Supreme Leader when you told him your Knights tried to kill the girl rather than capture her?” Kylo knew he had no comeback so rather than respond to Hux, he turned his attentions to Phasma. “What about Jakku?” Kylo demanded. “Why did you withdraw your troops?” “They didn’t all withdraw,” Phasma pointed out. “There are still teams searching Niima.” “But why did you leave?” Kylo snapped. “Felicity Rhiaon turns herself in and you decide there’s no possible way that could lead you to Re… Skywalker’s daughter?” Hux and Phasma exchanged a look, but neither commented on the guilt riddled way Kylo had failed to utter his cousin’s name. “With all due respect, Master Ren,” Phasma politely answered, “I’ve been fighting Felicity Rhiaon for a very long time. If there’s one thing I’m certain of, it’s that Felicity Rhiaon would not just waltz up to me in the town square after nearly a month of tearing Jakku apart to find her and surrender herself unless her daughter was well-hidden.” “So then, what’s our plan?” Kylo asked. “Keep beating and healing her until what? She dies? We find the girl? Her husband comes?” “Until she tells us where her daughter is,” Phasma answered. “And why after five days of torture do you even think that’s still possible?” Kylo snapped. “Everyone has their breaking point,” Hux said. “We just have to figure out what it is.” “Her daughter,” Kylo answered automatically. “Her daughter is her weakness.” Hux sighed, “Yes, but I highly doubt threatening to kill her daughter so we can capture said daughter is going to work. Are there any other weaknesses she has? Any other children? Maybe she’s pregnant?” “Negative,” Phasma reported. “We had the medics test her upon capture. But the child idea does have merit. Isn’t she attached to one of our program children? FN something?” “FN-2187,” Kylo recalled. “She’s so haunted by her failure with him that she had the number tattooed on her wrist. Why don’t we bring FN-” “No,” Hux cut off. “The Supreme Leader doesn’t want us touching the children, and I won’t you compromising the program over one prisoner.” “I’ve said it before,” Kylo muttered, “Clones would be much easier.” Hux glared at Kylo, “What about the Rhiaon family? Does she have any special attachment to them?” “Her brother, but he’s dead,” Kylo replied. “Left an ugly scar in her mind, but we can’t exploit… Wait a minute. Her mind! That’s it! That’s her weakness!” “Of course,” Phasma agreed. “Why didn’t I think of that?” Hux frowned, “I don’t follow.” “Rhiaon had postpartum depression when her daughter was born,” Phasma replied. “A very extreme case. Almost killed her daughter.” “So how do we exploit this?” Hux questioned. “Has she overcome it?” “Mostly,” Kylo answered, “but there is something I can do.” “And what’s that?” Kylo grinned. Two Stormtroopers were by Felicity’s side cleaning her off when the door opened. She looked up and her expression turned to pure hatred when Kylo Ren stepped into the room. “You!” Felicity screamed and threw herself forward at him. The two Stormtroopers were barely able to grab and forced her back down on her knees in time. “Hello, Rhiaon,” Kylo grinned at the sight of his beaten, bloodied, and bruised aunt by marriage. Felicity growled, “Give me one good reason not to tear your throat out right now, Ben!” “Well… I’m going to go with the Stormtroopers will stop you. And it’s Kylo, not Ben.” “You really think I’m actually going to call you that? Hell, I’m the one who gave you that name.” “As I recall it you actually pitched Skylo,” Kylo shot. “Oh yes, I remember that day. You kidnapped me to Endor, and then took me to Grandfather’s grave and gave this big speech about how this was my destiny if I continued down this dark path, and how I’m not just a Skywalker but a Solo as well, a Skylo if you would, and blah blah blah.” “Last time I try bonding with you,” Felicity muttered. “Oh, but you left out the part where you desecrated Vader’s grave by stealing his helmet and then hid it under your bed next to your dirty socks.” “Since when do you care about Darth Vader?” “I don’t. Hell, if I could, I would punch the man, but that’s not my point.” “Then let’s get to the point, shall we?” “Fine, you don’t like me, and – despite the fact that I’m apparently legally obligated to, because I married your mother’s brother – I don’t like you.” “You don’t like me?” Kylo exclaimed. He pulled off his helmet and threw it on the floor exposing the blast wound on his cheek, “ You shot me in the face!” “You were trying to kill my daughter,” Felicity simply said. “And come on, it’s been like a month. You can’t honestly tell me that that wound can’t be healed by bacta. Have you seriously been walking around with a blast scar to make yourself look more intimidating? God, this is like the hair dye all over again!” Hux snorted. Kylo glared at Hux, “Where’s Rey?” Felicity laughed, “Oh sure, I’ll tell you. It’s not like the last time I saw you, you were trying to murder her!” “ You attempted to murder her?” Hux shot Kylo a look. “You said it was the other Knights and that you stopped them.” Felicity snorted, “Please tell me you’re not stupid enough to fall for his little tortured hero ploy.” “You know the Supreme Leader wants her,” Hux continued, though inwardly had to admit Rhiaon had a point. “If he finds out that you- ” “Let that be an issue between the Supreme Leader and myself,” Kylo snapped. “Now, Rhiaon I’m going to ask you one more time, and if you don’t answer, I’m going to have to use force. Where is Rey?” Felicity’s cold eyes met his, “I’ll never tell you.” Kylo smiled, “Yes… you will.” With an impossible grace, Kylo calmly walked over to his discarded helmet, picked it up, and walked over to a table laden with torture devices. He carefully set down his helmet and ran his hand over a scalpel. “Do you know why I’ve always hated you, Rhiaon?” Kylo picked up the scalpel and made a show of examining it. “Let’s see, which of the many petty reasons could it be?” Felicity rolled her eyes. “Is it because I stole your special uncle-nephew bonding time? Is it because dared to exercise my right over my reproductive system to build a family that threatened your precious ego? Or is it because I never cared about your age and called you out on things Luke and Leia wouldn’t? Is it because save for being terrible with ships, I’m a lot like the father you inexplicably hate, because seriously who hates having Han Solo as your father? Or maybe it’s the thing that bugs you most: I always have and always will hate Darth Vader.” Kylo set down the scalpel, “It’s because we’re too much alike.” Felicity blinked, “Alike?” She had honestly not expected that answer. “Yes, we are,” Kylo’s voice was calm, clear, and bordering on threatening. It was easy to tell he was trying to emulate the dangerous, controlled, arrogant taunt someone like Tarkin would give, but Kylo fell short of the mark and came off amateurish. “We idolize the memories of dead men – myself, Vader, and you with your brother. We’re both strong willed and sarcastic. We don’t allow ourselves to be taken in by the myths of Luke Skywalker. But most importantly, we’re both monsters.” Felicity scowled, but said nothing. She wanted to know where he was taking the conversation before refuting his claims. “Look at, my so called Aunt, and tell me what do you see?” Kylo slowly began walking toward her. “You would look at me a call me a traitor, a murderer, and a liar. And when I look at you, I see the exact same things. But that is why I hate you, because I freely admit to my crimes while you walk around making excuses and pretending to be a good person.” “I have never claimed to be a good person,” Felicity coldly shot. “But I am not like you .” “You are a traitor because you turned your back on the Empire and as a result, your own father to join some petty band of rebels. You are a murderer because you have taken more lives than you can even recall. Knights of Ren, Stormtroopers, Imperial Officers, Slavers, and even assisted your future husband in the massacre of million of innocent lives because they had the misfortune of being assigned to work on the Death Star. And above all you are liar because you promised to keep my secret, and didn’t .” Felicity’s eyes widened. In a moment she knew what was about to happen next. “No!” Felicity struggled against the Stormtroopers holding her down. Kylo casually turned to Hux and Phasma, “Have I ever told you the story of the first time I used the Dark Side?” Hux smirked as Phasma made a show of shaking her head despite, in fact knowing the story. “The first time I used the Dark Side, it was on Rhiaon here,” Kylo continued. “But this is not the story of me attacking my aunt. No… she begged me to do it.” Felicity’s eyes filled with tears at the memory, “I was sick.” “You were weak !” Kylo snapped. “And arrogant, and a liar .” “Ben, please,” Felicity whispered. “It was the first time and only time we ever spoke as if we weren’t rivals,” Kylo turned back to Hux and Phasma. “She had been… different . Withdrawn, moody, impatient, and quick to anger. I sensed her conflicting emotions, I knew there was something in her mind telling her go against everything expected of her and destroying her ideas of right and wrong. I knew that she felt no attachment to her daughter, and in fact resented how her baby took everyone’s attentions from her.” Felicity closed her eyes, struggling to push away the memories of the darkest time of her life. “Oh, she was sick, alright,” Kylo ridiculed the story. “But she was so damn prideful that she refused to admit there was a problem to anyone.” “Anyone but the venerable little boy who confessed he heard a voice in his head,” Felicity shot. Kylo glared at Felicity, “So the little boy for the first time related to the woman he was supposed to call his aunt. And the little boy told her that the voice in his head had taught him a trick, and that he could use it on the sick woman so that someone could understand what was going on without the sick woman having to say it out loud. The sick woman begged the little boy to do it… and he did.” “But then the little boy broke his promise and pushed too far into the sick woman’s mind, forcing her to relive her darkest memories while the sick woman screamed at him to stop.” “And then the sick woman attacked the little boy.” “I pushed you back onto the couch to break your concentration. I didn’t shoot you.” Felicity’s eyes landed on Kylo’s blast scar, “… that time.” Hux chuckled and Kylo shot him a dirty look before turning back to Felicity. Kylo was standing only about a foot away from his kneeling aunt. “I’ll give you one last chance to tell me where Rey is. Otherwise,” Kylo outstretched his hand to Felicity, “I’ll take by force.” Felicity spat at his feet. Kylo smirked, “Then so be it.” Felicity groaned, muffling a much louder scream as the intrusion began. It was hard to describe the feeling of someone pushing their way into her mind. It was like someone pressing a boulder down onto her forehead but her head would not smash like a melon if a boulder really was crushing her. Then like it was sent forth from the boulder through osmosis, a searing, slinky arm emerged behind her skull, burrowing and weaving through her brain picking through her memories. She was forced to relive so much darkness. Vader slashing his lightsaber down her back. Her father shooting and killing Riz Drayson, her best friend. A whip striking her as Zygerrian slavers captured her during an Emissary mission gone wrong. The haunting announcement that Bail Organa and the rest of Alderaan had been destroyed because Felicity has passed the Death Star plans to Leia. Her brother, Brendan been blown to pieces by the bombs when he was trying to make peace between a civilian and a cruel Imperial officer. The incident she never spoke of. Phasma tearing FN-2187 out of her arms. All of her darkest moments and more. The memories she never wished to revisited were forced to the forefront of her mind. But there was one memory she would do anything to stop Ben from finding. She couldn’t let Rey down now. But how could she stop Ben, or Kylo, or whatever he was calling himself these days? She was no Jedi, and thus was powerless to stop him from taking control of her memories. How could she prevent him from finding what he wanted when she was physically restrained? And that’s when the answer hit her. She couldn’t fight him physically… but she could mentally. She couldn’t stop him in his tracks, she knew that much, but maybe she could divert him somehow. Maybe she could take advantage of that arrogant pride. Maybe if she showed him what he wanted … he would stop before he found the truth. Felicity would not let her sacrifice be in vain. Taking a deep breath, Felicity remembered how Luke told her that the Force resided in all living creatures. She was not Force Sensitive like him, but it was within her and maybe she could harness what little she had to buy her some time. Felicity gathered all the strength she could muster and poured it into her feeble attempt to call on that microscopic bit of Force and push back Kylo. “Wait…” Kylo said after a minute. He laughed and in disbelief asked, “Are you trying to use the Force ?” She had the edge. In those brief moments she scrambled to collect her memories and tap into her emotions. She had one shot at this, and she only prayed that she was a good enough actress. And then she told the lie that would forever change the course of history. “Rey’s dead!” Felicity’s proclamation shocked everyone in the room. “What?” Phasma exclaimed as Hux’s eyes went wide and Kylo’s intrusion stopped. Hux and Kylo exchanged a look of disbelief as if asking the other if they had heard it too. With a look of determination, Kylo pressed forward again into Felicity’s mind. “What do you mean Rey’s dead?” Kylo barked. Felicity’s lie was working. “I mean that Rey’s dead,” Felicity sobbed uncontrollably. The Stormtroopers were lightly gripping her arms as Felicity was doubled over crying. “My little girl. My sweet little Rey. She’s gone, and it’s all my fault.” With as much sorrow Felicity had gone through in her life, it wasn’t hard to summon the necessary tears. Her conviction to protect her child pushed forward such an impressive display of grief that even she might have believed it if she was an outsider looking in. Digging into her mind, Kylo was assaulted by a flood of Felicity’s memories with Rey. Countless happy moments, moments with her mother, father, aunt, uncle, friends, and cousin. Moments that had apparently been brought to an end. And it was all his fault. “How did she die?” Kylo demanded. He had played right into Felicity’s trap. She pushed forward key memories of her time on Jakku, making Kylo believe he was in control and finding the truth. But they were the exact memories Felicity needed to convince him she was telling the truth, and she was going to present them in the order she wished. Felicity took a deep breath and pretended to gather herself, though her voice was lined with sobs and pauses. As she told her story, Kylo saw the memories she was secretly presenting him with. “We- We went to Jakku after the massacre but our ship crashed.” In the middle of the Jakku desert, Felicity silently watched the smouldering transport ship sink into the sand with a cloud of smoke and fire. Rey stood next to her mother as Felicity rested a hand on Rey's shoulder; the girls taking in the sight of Felicity's failure of a landing. “Mommy?” Rey asked in an innocent voice. “Is that why Uncle Han never lets you pilot the Falcon?” “Yes. Yes, it is,” Felicity simply answered. She looked down at Rey and gently pulled her daughter in closer, “Careful, Sweetheart. I don't want you breathing in the fumes.” Rey buried her face against her mother's leg. “We were too far from Niima and had to walk there ourselves.” "Then who is coming to get us?" Rey asked. "No one, yet," Felicity confessed. There was no point in giving Rey false hope with the uncertain path before them. "You, see, the thing is there aren't any towns or places to get food and water and a ride between here and Niima Outpost. So we have to walk to Niima Outpost.” “But we didn’t have enough food.” Felicity rummaged through the bag, taking inventory of their rations. When she finished, Felicity found that she wanted nothing more than to slap Past Luke and Past Felicity. They had a supply of five days of water, and three days of food… for a single person. “I tried to keep her safe.” Felicity drew her blaster and pointed it at Quom. The alien froze, fear filling his eyes, as Rey gently whimpered in the background. "Listen to me, Scavenger," Felicity's voice was dark, "I have faced many enemies in my life. If you were to add yourself to my list, I guarantee you wouldn't break the top twenty. In fact, you're so insignificant that I would probably even forget I killed you. Don't make the mistake of thinking I'm a naïve outsider. I've been on Jakku before; I've dealt with your kind. Yes, my daughter and I are stuck here, but you can't imagine what we just escaped from." “I tried to keep her brave.” "So you need some of the bravery?" Rey asked. "No. Take all the bravery. Let Mommy be full-brave for you. It's my job, and I'm happy to do it.” “But the walk was too far, and Rey was too young.” "I'm hungry, Mommy," Rey whispered as Felicity laid her against the sand that night to rest. Rey was very pale and barely had the energy to move. “After a few days, Rey started to fail.” "Carry me, Mommy?" Rey asked when Felicity determined that Rey wasn't faking it. Rey legitimately could not get up and walk. "Alright," Felicity picked up Rey and began carrying her. They would get there slower, but Felicity had no choice. “The heatstroke had set in.” She took Rey's temperature and observed the result with horror. 104 degrees Fahrenheit. Rey had heatstroke. Felicity needed shade now. “I tried to get her to shelter in time.” She threw everything back in her bag, scooped Rey into her arms, and ran. Felicity ran as fast and as far as she could. When she thought she could run no further, she looked down at her dying daughter and found the strength to push forward. Even if it meant she ran until she dropped dead, Felicity would not stop until her daughter was safe. “One afternoon, Rey went to sleep.” She kissed Rey's forehead, "I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Please, just close your eyes and sleep. I promise it'll be better in the morning." “But she didn’t wake up.” "Rey, come on, this isn't funny," Felicity shook the little girl. "Rey, wake up!" Tears fell from Felicity's eyes onto Rey's face, but still Rey did not move. “I tried to save her.” Felicity immediately began CPR. "Come on, Sweetheart. Rey, please wake up," Felicity begged as she pumped her hands against Rey's chest. "Rey, Mommy's here. Mommy's got you. You're safe. Please wake up." “But she had stopped breathing.” "Come on, Rey. Just one little breath," Felicity's voice shook as tears blurred the sight of her tiny daughter looking so pale, lying perfectly still in the sand. "Can you give Mommy one tiny breath?" “I couldn’t get her back.” "Don't you dare die on me, Rey!" Felicity vehemently chastised. Her firm chest compressions pressed down so forcefully that Felicity wouldn't be surprised if she broke one of Rey's ribs. "Don't you dare do this to me! I promised to protect you, to bring you home. I promised that you'd live, Rey, so live, damn it! LIVE!" Rey didn't move. “I screamed and cried to the high heavens at what I had done.” "Oh, God, what have I done?" Felicity wailed, hugging her knees to her chest. "I'm sorry, Rey! I am so sorry!" “I was so hot and hungry and exhausted; I wasn’t thinking straight.” "What happened? Why are you so upset?" "I… I've done something terrible," Felicity couldn't bare to admit what she had done. “So I put her down on the ground and wrapped her in a blanket.” Felicity pulled out the survival blanket and laid it on the sand. She rested Rey atop it, and covered her with the patchwork blanket. “I dug her grave in the sand with my own two hands.” So Felicity dug a hole. She had no shovel, so she dug it with her bare hands. Frequently she looked over at her daughter and every time almost had a heart acted. Eyes closed, pale skin, undetectable breathing, unnaturally still. Rey looked dead. “I left her there.” Felicity pulled out her blaster, and with great reluctance left Rey to check out the AT-AT. “In the morning, when my head had cleared, I came back, but a sandstorm had happened overnight and I couldn’t find where I buried her. So I went on to Niima alone.” Feeling dead inside, Felicity slowly stood, got into the speeder, and drove for Niima. “I called Luke and couldn’t bring myself to tell him what happened. Not through a com message.” “Rey is-" Felicity paused. "Well… we can discuss Rey later.” “I waited for him to arrive, and hid myself when the First Order came.” "When did they get here?" Felicity asked the second they were outside. "Yesterday morning," Plutt answered. "I would have come sooner, but it's hard not to draw attention when you go into the desert with a bag of rations." "I assume the bag of rations means you want me to stay put for two weeks and hope they leave?" "I've already made it clear to my customers that if they want to continue to eat they'll not say a word about you or the girl." “Eventually I realised that Luke wasn’t coming.” "What's all this? Are you changing our agreement?" "Call it Plan B," Felicity's voice was cold and emotionless. “So I turned myself in, ready to face the punishment for letting my daughter die.” "Alright then. Where is she? Where's the girl?" Felicity smirked, "In a place you'll never find her." "I doubt that," Phasma chuckled. "Come on, Rhiaon, make my job a littler easier and just tell me where she is. We won't kill her; the Supreme Leader has glorious plans for her." "He will never lay a hand on my daughter." “Rey is dead,” Felicity finished showing her manipulated memories. “I tried so hard to save her but it was just too much. She fell asleep and never woke up, and because of my haste I don’t even have her body to bury. And that is why Snoke will never lay a hand on Rey… No one can ever touch her again.” Kylo stared at Felicity in horror and shock. He couldn’t believe it, his adorable little cousin whose only crime was getting in his way. Rey had died a horrible death… and it was all his fault. Felicity saw the guilt in Ben’s expression, for in the moment it wasn’t the feared Knight of Ren standing before her, but the vulnerable son of her best friends. It wasn’t the boy who hurt her family, but rather the boy who had once reached out to help her through depression in return to safeguard the secret of the voice in his head. At the time, Felicity did not regret telling Luke and Leia, Ben’s secret when confronted with the incident she did not speak of. And now, in that moment, Felicity felt no regret in making Ben believe he had led to the death of Rey. She was only thankful that Kylo hadn’t even seemed to notice that the memories had taken place in a variety of places and times of day. “Is it true, Ren?” Hux demanded. “Is Rey Skywalker dead?” Ben lowered his hand, his eyes meeting the teary red ones of his aunt. Felicity’s eyes shone with grief, anger, and accusation. Her message was clear. He had killed her daughter. Ben couldn’t shake the image of a little girl lying unmoving on Jakku. “Yes,” Ben whispered. “I saw her memories myself. Rey Skywalker… is dead and buried in an anonymous patch of sand on Jakku.” Hux sighed, “The Supreme Leader will be most unhappy.” “Even so, we must follow the orders he laid out for us,” Phasma pointed out. “We know our next move.” Felicity could barely contain her glee. Everything had gone exactly as she had planned it. She just didn’t plan on what Hux said next. “Send this footage to Leia Organa’s office. Luke Skywalker should know his daughter is dead.” “Clamp,” Han’s hand stuck up from one of the mechanical hatches on the Falcon. A clamp was placed into his hand. “Harris wrench.” A Harris wrench was placed into his hand. “Power convertor.” Nothing. “Power convertor.” Still nothing. “ Power convertor!” Silence. “Dang it, Luke!” Han pulled himself back up. “What is it with you and power convertors?” Han stopped short was he saw Luke staring blankly at the hallway to the cockpit. “Kid?” Han hoisted himself onto the floor. “What’s wrong?” “Do you remember Rey taking her first steps down that hall?” Luke asked, his voice distant. “Oh yeah,” Han chuckled, settling next to Luke and clapping him on the shoulder. “Fliss had been trying to get Rey to walk to her for six weeks, and then she wobbled right into my arms.” “Felicity was so upset that she jokingly tried to smother you with your own vest.” “I’m still not convinced that was a joke. Doesn’t she try to smother you on a regular basis?” “Only when I kick in my sleep.” “Well, kid, I’ve been on the wrong end of your sleep kicks, and I don’t really blame her.” “When have I ever sleep kicked you?” Luke asked. “I only kick when I get visions.” “One word,” Han smirked. “Hoth.” “I thought we agreed never to speak of that night.” “Come on, we huddled for warmth not slept together. Although that certainly would have made the whole love triangle thing a lot more awkward.” “I thought we maxed out our awkwardness when we discovered the accidental incest.” “Fair,” Han conceded. “But like I said, that night on Hoth wasn’t too bad if you take out the kicking and the almost dying. But you smelled terrible.” “You shoved me inside of a dead tauntaun!” Luke exclaimed. “Don’t feel self-conscious, kid,” Han punched Luke playfully in the arm. “Despite all of your flaws you still managed to bag a pretty good wife.” Luke’s grin faltered a bit as sadness flashed behind his eyes, “Yeah… I did.” “Hey,” Han slung an arm around Luke’s shoulder. “We’ll find her. Promise.” Luke patted Han’s arm, “Thank you.” “Anytime,” Han echoed Felicity’s usual reply. “Now, how about you hand me that power convertor and we get this ship in shape so when we do find Fliss, we can get to her straight away.” “Alright,” Luke laughed handing Han the convertor. “I’m sorry I’m so distant lately. I just feel like… something’s wrong.” “Well, I tell you what, Ben is so grounded when he gets home. Plus, he is paying for the window he broke.” “Yes, because breaking Leia’s window is the worst crime he’s committed lately.” Suddenly, Luke’s comlink started beeping. Han paused from jumping down into the hatch and shared a look with Luke. Luke’s eyes were lit up with hope, and he was looking at Han as if seeking permission to allow the emotion. Han nodded at Luke, and Luke pressed the answer button. “Luke Skywalker,” Luke answered. “Luke, buddy!” Lando’s voice came over the com. “Who’s your favorite smuggler?” Luke frowned, “… Han?” “What? No! Ugh!” Lando muttered a few things that Luke certainly wouldn’t allow him to say in front of Rey. “Fine. Who is your favorite Death Star bringer down…er?” “Luke?” Han guessed. “No!” Lando cried out. Luke grinned at the exasperation in Lando’s voice, “Wedge?” “Nalto?” Han teased. “Felicity?” “What was your co-pilot’s name again?” “Would you two shut up and listen it me?” Lando exclaimed. “I got Fliss’ message!” “What?” Luke’s eyes went wide. “Felicity contacted you?” “Not… exactly,” Lando said in the tone that always proceeded the confession he had done something shady. “Look, people are really interested in the massacre, and no one’s answering any questions so I sort of… found a guy who tapped Leia’s Senate com to sell information to media outlets and he passed Felicity’s messages to me. Do you want to hear them or not?” “Yes!” Luke exclaimed. He paused, “… also, we should probably tell Leia her com is tapped.” “Later,” Han waved off. “Lando, play the message.” “Sure thing,” Lando said. A moment later, Felicity’s familiar voice came through the com. "You know what?" Felicity yelled, "No! I am not letting this go!” “You can skip this one,” Luke said quickly. “Oh, come on,” Han laughed. “I like that one.” Luke rolled his eyes as his com went silent for a moment before playing the next message. "Hey, Leia, it's Felicity," Felicity smiled for the recording. "I'm calling you to tell you that I’m safe. I've been trying to contact you and the boys, but funny story, all of your lines have been tied up, and message boxes full. Considering the hoops I had to jump through just to get to this inbox, I can only imagine you guys are so busy trying to find me, you don't really have the time to actually stop and listen for me.” Luke and Han exchanged a guilty look. “I'm worried that the First Order might try to track me, so I'll keep this brief. I'm fine – a little battered around from my journey – but fine. I would say I'm doing good, but considering the hell I've suffered through the past few days, I'll stick to the word 'fine.' Rey is- Well… we can discuss Rey later.” Luke frowned, “What do you think she means by that?” Han shrugged. “I'm on Jakku, and I took up that offer Luke arranged. I should be fine for a while, but please, for the love of the Force, would someone please come pick me up? I'd settle for Lando at this point. I love you all. Tell Luke I love him, and that I'm counting the minutes until I see him again." “You know, I don’t really appreciate the ‘I’d settle for Lando’ comment,” Lando said. “Jakku,” Luke whispered, excitement coursing through his body. “They’re on Jakku with Unkar Plutt!” “What are we waiting for? Let’s get going!” Han shoved his toolbox into a storage container and the men sprinted for the cockpit. “Thank you, Lando,” Luke spoke into the com. “I owe you one.” “I’ll be sure to call that in next time I get in trouble.” “Don’t you always?” Luke chuckled. “I’ll talk to you later. I have to go now.” “Go get your girls, Skywalker!” And with that the line went dead. “Putting in the coordinates now,” Han said in the pilot’s chair as Luke settled in the co-pilot. “Why don’t you call Leia to tell her we found the girl and we’re going to get them, and then give Plutt and your wife a head’s up we’re on our way? Oh, and one thing: you’re stepping off the ship first. If Fliss is going to tear the first person apart, it’s going to be the one who told her to go to Jakku in the first place.” “Whatever you say, Han,” Luke chuckled. He was about to type in Leia’s com number when suddenly he stopped. “What’s up?” Han asked. “It’s Leia,” Luke had a slight frown on his first. “She’s here in the hanger bay… she’s coming towards us.” “Maybe she’s bringing us lunch?” Han suggested. “Either that or yell at us. What’s the matter? Doesn’t this save us a call?” “Han…” Luke’s eyes were squeezed shut. “Something’s wrong. Leia’s blocking her mind from me. She doesn’t want me to sense her.” Han frowned. Before he could say anything, he spotted something in the window: Leia entering the hanger. “Well, there she is,” Han pointed to Leia. “Why don’t we go find out what’s going on?” “Leia, what’s going on?” Han called as he and Luke ran down the loading platform. Reaching her, Han grabbed the sides of Leia’s arms and observed her. Han didn’t like the look on Leia’s face. It looked too much like Luke the day after the massacre: dead, distant, and uncomprehending. Her posture was drooped, and she was fiddling with some sort of disc. Tears were glistening in her eyes. “Honey?” Han asked. “What’s wrong?” “I-” Leia looked at her twin. “Luke, there’s something I need to tell you.” Luke looked anxiously back to the Falcon, “Not to be insensitive, Leia but can this wait? We just found out that Felicity’s on Jakku, and-” “Felicity’s not on Jakku.” Leia held up the disc in her hand, “The First Order captured her and they sent me this security footage and…” Fear flared in Luke’s chest as Leia trailed off, “What is it? Is it Felicity? Is she alright? Did they kill-” “No!” Leia interrupted. “As far as I know, she’s still alive.” “Then what’s wrong?” Han asked. Leia looked between Han and Luke. “Luke… I think you should sit down.” Chapter 9 : Martyrs of the Resistance Summary: In the wake of her niece’s death, Leia makes a career-changing decision. The Long Way Home Chapter Nine Martyrs of the Resistance “NO! NOT REY! NOT MY LITTLE GIRL!” Han Solo would never forget the sound of Luke’s scream when he discovered his daughter was dead. “NO! NO! NO!” Luke fell to his knees next to the dejarik table where they had watched the footage of Felicity’s torture and confession. “IT’S NOT TRUE! IT CAN’T BE TRUE!” Han found that Luke had always had a sort of quiet grace when it came to reacting to death. Han had always figured it was because Luke had always been expecting the deaths of people he lost. Luke knew going to his burnt down home that he wouldn’t find anyone alive. He knew seeing how old Yoda was that he would soon pass from the world. He knew taking off Vader’s helmet that it meant Anakin Skywalker would die. He knew heading into a battlefield he would lose good fighters and friends. The closest to an unexpected death Luke had experienced was Ben Kenobi’s death, but even that reaction had been brief as Luke had always known someday he would outlive Ben. But this time was different. This time his reaction was more akin to the discovery that Vader was his father, for this revelation was completely unanticipated. This death was the death of Rey: his innocent five-year-old daughter with a vast future ahead of her. A future that would now never be. Luke remembered the first time he held her: she was tiny, pink, and squalling. Felicity had waved off her chance to hold Rey immediately after delivering her, instead telling Doctor Kalonia to pass Rey to Luke as she was so exhausted by the labour. (Several months later, Luke would realize that her disinterest in holding Rey had been the first sign of Felicity’s emerging postpartum depression.) The moment Doctor Kalonia put Rey into Luke’s arms it seemed like the world paused. There was a brand new life, a life he had created, a physical proof of love, radiating with the Force, and filled with the potential to do anything. This miniscule delicate little girl who wasn’t even the length of his forearm was bonded to him for life. She would grow tall, beautiful, and strong, looking to him for morals and guidance. He would show her the world and teach her everything she needed to succeed in it. He would provide and care for her: feeding her when she was hungry, warming her when she was cold, holding her when she was sad, healing her when she was injured, and protecting her when she scared. Luke stared at his little girl in wonder, amazed that he could love someone so much and so quickly. He looked into those large eyes – which at the time were blue – eyes that stared up at him in echoed wonder and love. Through the Force, she knew who he was and what he meant to her, just as he had known her from the exact moment of her conception. “Hello, my Ray,” Luke whispered using the nickname that later would be altered and made into her given name. “I’m your Daddy.” The yet-to-be-named Rey gurgled happily at her father’s words. The depth of his overpowering love made Luke want to embrace his beautiful little girl with all of his might. On the other hand, he didn’t want to hurt her, so he held her gently in his arms taking in the magnificence that was this miracle. He held her close to his chest, Rey resting mostly in the crook of his right arm. Luke carefully shifted Rey so that his left hand was free to move. He brought it to her face and used two fingers to gently stroke her cheek. Rey squirmed a little, but Luke couldn’t wipe the grin from his face. He relished the feeling of her skin against his natural flesh. The cold hard metal of his right hand would be confusing to the small girl, but his left hand provided her with the gentle, loving hand he would raise her with. He would not be like his vicious father that severed his own son’s hand. Luke would never harm nor allow anyone to harm a hair on her head. “I love you so much, Sweetheart,” Luke whispered, using his daughter’s pet name for the first time. “I’m going to spend the rest of my life loving, guiding, and protecting you. And someday, when I pass from this life and leave you behind, I promise that I will have learned how to preserve myself like Ben Kenobi, so that I can continue to be there when you need me. I promise that I will never leave you; not even in death.” Luke had made the promise on the assumption that he would be the first of them to pass away. The thought of Rey dying before him never crossed his mind. He never expected to outlive her. He never wanted to outlive her. He was not meant to outlive her. And yet he had. But why? Why did the Force decide to take her – his innocent little girl – away from him? A parent was never supposed to bury their child… and even worse, because of Felicity’s rashness, he never would. His little Rey of Hope was lost to the desert of Jakku. If only he knew how literal that truth was. “NO! NO! NOT MY REY!” Luke cried, the hot thick tears splashing down his face. “NOT MY LITTLE GIRL!” On the floor of the Falcon, Luke sobbed uncontrollably in front of Leia and Han. He didn’t care what anyone thought of him. He had been utterly destroyed by the fact that his daughter was dead. “TAKE ME INSTEAD!” Luke begged the universe. “BRING BACK MY LITTLE GIRL AND TAKE MY LIFE INSTEAD!” Tear flooding her eyes, Leia fell to her knees in front of Luke and clutched him tightly. She tried her hardest to stop Luke from throwing himself prostrate on the floor. The sight of that was just too heartbreaking to witness. Han saw Leia’s struggle to keep Luke upright and decided to intervene. Han knelt behind Luke and locked his arms around his brother-in-law, firmly holding him up and against his chest. “It’s alright, Luke,” Han choked through his tears, his words false and uncomforting. “It’s alright.” “IT’S NOT ALRIGHT!” Luke tried to fight off Han, but Han held tight. “MY DAUGHTER – MY BEAUTIFUL LITTLE RAY OF HOPE, OF LIGHT, OF JOY – IS DEAD AND LOST IN AN ANONYMOUS STRETCH OF SAND ON A DESERT PLANET OF ALL PLACES! NO! GOD, NOT MY REY! NOT MY BABY! WHY? WHY? OH, GOD WHY? ” Leia and Han held Luke tightly, kneeling on the floor of the Millennium Falcon sobbing over the death of their little girl. Their niece, their daughter, their hope for the future was gone. They cried together for a long time, no one speaking as they worked through the unbelievable turn of events. “I want her back,” Luke finally spoke, his voice congested but at a more regulated volume. His head was buried in Leia’s shoulder leaving an ugly stain of tears and snot on her shirt. “I want my Rey back.” “I know, Luke,” Leia stroked Luke’s hair, her own expression not looking too attractive as she cried. “I do too.” She was the calmest of the trio as she had watched the footage the moment she got the transmission. It was a horrible thing, knowing she had heard of her niece’s death before her brother had. Off in a far hanger, Luke was completely ignorant of the fact that his daughter was dead. It was why she had blocked herself from Luke, so he wouldn’t learn of the terrible news from her thoughtlessness. It hadn’t been any easier when he did know. Letting Leia know through the Force that he was ready, Luke pulled back from her embrace. His face was a wet, red, swollen mess. He was utterly destroyed. “This is my fault,” Luke whispered. “I told Rey I’d come back for her, and then I told Felicity to take her and run. And then I ignored her messages-” “No,” Leia objected. “That’s not your fault. You heard Felicity; Rey was already gone by the time she sent her message.” “I still told Rey I’d come back.” “And you had every intention of doing so,” Leia rubbed his shoulder. “But it turned out not to be the best choice.” “Wasn’t it?” Luke snapped. “If she had stayed, if I let Felicity stay on Rornian, we would have ended the Knights of Ren, and then they both would have been safe with me.” “And then the First Order would have turned up the next day,” Leia pointed out. “They wanted her and would have done anything to get her.” “I just can’t believe she’s gone,” Luke wiped the tears from his eyes, only to have them be swiftly replaced. “If I had heard it from anyone else… if it wasn’t Felicity who said it, I would never…” “Shhh,” Leia tried to calm her brother. His sorrow was bleeding into the Force sending pain through it all around them. She was almost upset that she didn’t see the shape of blue Force ghosts come to comfort Luke in his time of need. “Are we sure Fliss was telling the truth?” Han suggested. “I mean if she thought they might break her, wouldn’t Felicity lie as a last resort?” “You heard Ben,” Leia answered sadly. “He saw it in her memories. Felicity couldn’t possibly manage to lie about that.” “I suppose not,” Han sighed, turning his face away so they wouldn’t see his tears. Someone had to be strong for the family, it only made sense for it to be him. Luke and Felicity would mourn their daughter, Leia would comfort them and cry with them, and he would keep them all standing tall with a grin, a joke, a load of optimism, and schemes of revenge. But strength was hard to find when his five-year-old niece had died a horrible death. As Han tried to be strong for Luke, he was struggling not to recall the flood of memories involving his niece that were trying to tear to the forefront of his mind. Her little laugh, her bright smile, the way her eyes would light up when he taught her about the different parts of the Falcon, playing with her and spoiling her as “Fun Uncle Han,” telling her less desirable stories about her parents. All of it was gone. “I want her back,” Luke said with a sudden determination. He grabbed the rim of dejarik table and shakily pulled himself to his feet, “I want Felicity. I want her safe in my arms, away from those monsters. And I want her to tell me to my face that our daughter is gone.” Han and Leia exchanged a look; there was a dangerous obsession in Luke’s eyes. Broken, angry, and determined, Luke looked like a feral animal ready to tear off the head of anyone who stood in his way. It was one of those terrifying moments when no one could deny that Luke Skywalker was the son of Darth Vader. “Where is she?” Luke demanded as Han and Leia rose to their feet. “Where are they holding her?” “Tonides,” Leia answered. “It’s in the Ouvis System. They set the security footage with a set of coordinates… and a message.” “What message?” Luke’s hand gripped the dejarik table like it was the only thing holding him up. Leia hesitated, “You don’t need to see it. It just says that you’re free to come collect Felicity.” “Leia!” Luke knew she was holding something back. “I want to see the message.” Leia shot a reluctant glance Han who gave her a sympathetic look. Behind her, Leia could hear Luke’s mechanical fingers drumming impatiently against the table. She sighed, pulled out a small holo disk, set it on the table, and pressed play. It was a continuation of Felicity’s interrogation. Felicity was kneeling on the floor, her hands bound behind her back, and a pair of Stormtroopers were holding onto her shoulders. Phasma, Kylo, and Hux were still in the room, but they had turned to face the camera and directly speak to Luke. Hux smirked, “Well, Skywalker, with the girl dead it appears that we have no further need of her mother. You are free to come collect Rhiaon, but bring only two companions with you. If you bring more, there will be consequences. Don’t worry about this being a ruse, we have no problem with allowing you to reunite with your wife and take her to wherever you now call home. After all, the Supreme Leader will be needing the two of you to get to work on replacing the child you wasted.” “Wasted?” Luke exclaimed. There was a loud crack as his mechanical hand broke off a small section of the dejarik table’s rim. Felicity seemed to echo Luke’s anger at the careless mention of their daughter’s death. Enraged, Felicity screamed and threw herself forward to attack Hux. Yelling profanities from over a dozen different languages, Felicity fought against the Stormtroopers to take her revenge on the First Order’s golden trio. “As I said before,” Hux continued while Felicity hurled insults in the background, “we will deliver you your wife in good condition.” One of the Stormtroopers smashed a baton against Felicity’s temple. She cried out and collapsed to the floor as blood poured from her head. “Well… mostly good,” Hux watched as the Stormtroopers pulled the limp Felicity back to her knees. “We have sent you the coordinates to her location. You have one week to arrive and collect her. If you don’t appear in the next seven days, we’ll assume you don’t want her anymore, and we’ll dispose of her for you.” Luke clenched his jaw, his fingers pressing down on the dejarik table with threatening cracks. Though Han was horrified and angered at the holo message and what was being done to Felicity, he couldn’t help but wince as Luke destroyed one of the few sources of entertainment on the Falcon. In the background, Phasma had approached Felicity and the Stormtroopers, and muttered a few orders. Taking advantage of their distraction, Felicity looked to the camera and shouted, “LUKE, NO! REMEMBER WHAT-” A piece of fabric cut into Felicity’s cheeks, muffling her words as Phasma gagged her. The Stormtroopers tied her feet together and fasten the rope to her bound hands, immobilizing her. Luke’s eyes narrowed; the Dark Side coursing through his veins. He watched in disgust as Felicity continued to scream out muffled warnings. Warnings that Luke misunderstood as Felicity telling him to not come rescue her. Sometime later, after discovering Rey was in fact alive, Luke would look back on the memory and realise that Felicity was trying to remind him of her first message she sent on Jakku. With horror, Luke would recognize that it was Felicity’s last ditch attempt to get him to go to Jakku and collect Rey from Unkar Plutt. And maybe, if he had, things would have gone differently. But he hadn’t… and they didn’t. “Seven days, Skywalker,” Hux warned. “The clock is ticking.” The message cut off. Han, Leia, and Luke stared wordlessly at the holo disc, angered and horrified at what they had seen. No one would ever comment on how Ben had stood there watching in glee as the First Order beat and degraded his aunt. No one would comment on how Luke had broken the table in his fury. And no one would comment on how the image of Felicity Rhiaon hogtied and bleeding profusely from her temple would be forever seared into their memories. “You know it’s a trap, right?” Han asked casually, his eyes inspecting Luke carefully. Both he and Leia were sure not to make any sudden movements. “Of course it’s a trap!” Luke snapped. “But I’m still going to get her! Do you actually think I’m going to leave her there to be tortured like that?” “I didn’t say you were!” Han exclaimed. “Don’t take this out on me, Luke! This isn’t my fault!” “So it’s mine ?” “Stop it, both of you!” Leia ordered. “Luke, I know you’re going through a lot of emotions right now, but Han is just trying to help. Don’t lash out at him because of what others have done. We’re your family, and we’re here for you.” Luke sighed, “Leia-” “No, Luke,” Leia cut him off. “Don’t do this. Don’t shut me out. Let me help you.” Distantly in the Force, Luke heard Leia’s words echo in another woman’s voice. A woman who was very beautiful, kind, but sad. It was a woman Leia didn’t remember much of, a woman who Luke remembered nothing of, and a woman their father had once fruitlessly killed hundreds so they would remember everything of. A woman that when his father lost her, he lost himself. A father who left Luke a very clear picture of what could happen if he gave into his grief. A father who had ignored the plea of the woman that was now being echoed by their daughter to their son. Luke sighed and pulled Leia into a hug, “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have snapped at you. It’s just… Ten minutes ago I was on my way to rescuing my wife and daughter, and now…” “I know,” Leia whispered as Luke lost himself to grief again. Silently, Han walked up to the two and placed his hand on Luke’s shoulder. Luke looked up. When he met Han’s eyes, guilt flooded his features. “I’m sorry I snapped at you,” Luke hung his head in shame. “You’ve always had my back. I shouldn’t have-” “It’s already forgiven and forgotten,” Han smiled weakly at Luke. “Promise.” “Thank you.” “Come on. Fliss is waiting for us and I count three people in this room. I’ll call Chewie to let him know what’s up. He’s off getting a few things for the ship and will be confused if he comes back and finds we’re gone” “Wait,” Luke frowned. He looked at Leia helplessly, “People need to know that… I have to announce that… People are wondering and searching for… I…” Luke sighed deeply. “Rey,” he simply said. Leia nodded, “Han, call Chewie. Tell him to accompany the two of you. I’ll stay here and inform our friends what happened.” Luke smiled, “Thank you, Leia.” Leia nodded, “Bring her home, Luke.” “This is my fault,” Diego Nalto’s projected com figure sat with his head in his hands, overcome with grief. “I should have gone there the second I thought of it. Jakku is no place for a little girl, and we just left Fliss-” “It’s no one’s fault but the First Order,” Leia assured Diego as she sat on the couch of her empty living room. He was just one of dozens of com calls Leia had to make telling their family and friends that Rey had passed away. No matter how many times she relayed the message, it never got easier. In fact, it felt like it had gotten worse. Leia remembered each and every call. She remembered each expression of grief, similar yet individually unique. Chewbacca had been the first call, made before Leia had left the Falcon for home. Upon hearing Rey was dead, Chewbacca let out an agonized roar that made everyone jump back at the intensity of it. He then babbled on in Shyriiwook, which Han informed the twins that Chewie was rambling nonsensically, overtaken in grief. What he was saying was a mix of crying out to the universe for an answer of why it happened, vowing revenge on the First Order, saying some traditional blessings for the dead, and repeating words they did recognize: the Shyriiwook version of Rey’s name. It was long and something the humans couldn’t attempt to pronounce. Han tried to explain the meaning to them many times, but Shyriiwook was complicated and he never could get the point across. The closest translation was “The Queen of Light Who Walks the Skies” which was a play on all three parts of the name Rey Rhiaon Skywalker. Queen was taken from Rhiaon, which was a Coruscant name meaning “Great Queen.” Light was what Chewie decided to call the made up name of Rey, relating it to the term “Ray of Light” as well as the fact that her father’s name also meant “Light.” Walks the Skies was again Chewie’s own decision on the meaning for Skywalker. When informed of the mission to rescue Felicity, Chewie cried out that he would be honored to join “Life Saver and Wookie Friend” (his name for Han) and “Knight of Light Who Walks the Skies” (Luke) to save “Joyous Queen Who Walks the Skies” (Felicity, who Chewie also sometimes called “Lands Ships with Many Flames.”) Artoo and Threepio were the next call, waiting at Han and Leia’s apartment continuing their search for Rey and Felicity. As Threepio wailed in his typical over-the-top fashion, Artoo spewed a collection of angry squeals that were too impolite to translate. Lando Calrissian had been called while Leia traveled home. He was overwhelmed with sorrow, openly crying before Leia. Lando had a soft spot for Rey, always bringing her toys and other gifts from his travels. Leia had vivid memories of Lando spoiling and playing with Rey, taking her swimming, flower picking, giving her piggyback rides, playing hide and seek, and sneaking her hot chocolate before dinner while Felicity wasn’t looking (and buying Luke’s silence with another cup.) As Lando ended the transmission so Leia could inform other people, she could see that he was heartbroken. After that things had become very much a blur for Leia. The Naberrie family mourned deeply, and her grandparents offered to help Luke and Felicity with working through the death of their daughter as they had worked through the death of his mother. Mon Mothma gave her deepest condolences and told Leia to take off as much time as she needed. Doctor Kalonia cried hard over the death of the first baby she had ever delivered. Leia couldn’t blame Kalonia for her intense grief. She had left home and had her entire community slaughtered leaving only three survivors, and now one of those survivors was dead. Jaina Fel had collapsed to her knees and begged Leia’s forgiveness for falling for Ben’s trick. It took Leia nearly an hour to convince Jaina it wasn’t her fault, and that Rey had been long gone by the time she was tricked. Admiral Akbar was furious, ranting and raving about the First Order and how more than ever the Resistance needed to take action against them. Wedge Antilles was very quiet. He was sad, but not outraged, almost like he wasn’t affected too much by what had happened. Wedge had seen so many families destroyed by the war, Leia wondered if he had gotten so used to death that he regarded it with now no more than a shrug and a “Oh, well. Dang. I’m going to miss them.” Leia didn’t know why she called Maz Kanata next. There was something odd that pulled her to Maz, and Leia found herself dialing the number. Maz was calm and grandmotherly, but angry under the surface. “That poor girl,” Maz shook her head. “Far too young for such a great tragedy. Those First Order soldiers are truly monsters. I will never forget the eyes of that little girl; her strong, beautiful, brave, mother’s eyes.” Lor San Tekka told Leia about the branch of his church on Jakku and that if they ever found anything, he’d let her know. Leia didn’t expect his people to go actually searching for Rey, but it was comforting to know someone would keep an ear and an eye open. After ending her call with Diego, Leia started to type in the number for Kes Dameron. “Mistress Leia, perhaps you should take a break from these calls,” Threepio walked into the living room with a tray of lunch. It was a simple sandwich and glass of juice, but considering he had made them without Leia requesting it, it was the thought that counted. “They do seem to be upsetting you greatly.” “It has to be done, Threepio,” Leia wiped the tears from her eyes as Threepio set the tray on the caf table. “Our friends should hear it personally from a member of the family rather than whichever media outlet finds out first. Plus telling people makes it so I can’t pretend this hasn’t happened. It makes it real.” “I wish it was not,” Threepio said sadly. “Though I don’t remember it, I was there when Master Anakin was a child, I was there when Master Luke and yourself were born, despite Captain Solo’s best efforts, I was there was Master Ben was born, and I was there when Mistress Rey was born… I had thought that maybe I might be around long enough to see her own child before I made my way into the scrap heap.” “I did too,” Leia said sadly. She looked at her lunch, and then back up at Threepio, “Thank you for the food.” “As you may recall, Princess, I am first and foremost a droid of etiquette. I have many customs in my database spanning dozens of planets and races to perform for a grieving person that I intend to perform for you.” Leia frowned. “Exactly how many customs are we talking about, Threepio?” she asked apprehensively. “438 for a grieving family member, 78 of those being specific to an aunt grieving for a niece, and 17 specific to the sister of the firstborn brother grieving his firstborn daughter. The 438 customs are as follows: One-” There was a knock on the front door. “Thank the Force,” Leia leapt to her feet, thankful she was saved from Threepio going on about 438 grieving customs. “Hello Senator Organa,” A tall, tan young man flashed Leia a pearly white grin. She was surprised to find Poe Dameron standing at her door with his droid, BB-8 at his feet. “May we come in?” “Of course,” Leia frowned slightly at the unexpected guest. She gestured for him to follow her, “I was just about to call your father. What can I do for you, Poe?” BB-8 followed behind Poe and let out squeal when he saw Artoo. The orange droid rolled up to Artoo letting out many excited beeps rolling in circles around him. Not fond of the younger droid, Artoo let out a few short angry beeps, one of which Leia was fairly certain meant whippersnapper. “Yesterday was the last day of the semester at the Academy,” Poe chuckled as BB-8 persisted in trying to make friends with Artoo. “I’m done now until the fall so I thought I’d come volunteer for the search effort. Felicity’s always been a good family friend, and you know how much I fell in love with that little girl of hers. It’s just killing me to know they’re out there suffering somewhere.” Threepio spoke up, “Actually-” “Threepio,” Leia silenced him with a look. “Don’t you have to switch the laundry over?” “The laundry? …Oh, of course,” Threepio caught her drift. “Excuse me. Come Artoo.” Threepio gave a slight bow and headed to the laundry room. Artoo rolled after him but stopped short when BB-8 started following. Artoo gave another angry beep, but BB-8 chattered happily back. Suddenly, Artoo extended one of his attachments and zapped BB-8 with an electrical shock. The room filled with a mechanical yelp as BB-8 rolled as fast as he could to hide behind Poe’s legs. “Sorry, buddy,” Poe laughed at the droids’ antics, “but no means no. You should have backed off when he asked you to.” BB-8 gave a sad trill. “BB wants to help find Rey too,” Poe told Leia. “I promised her we’d come visit over the summer and she could play with him. She adores BB-8 and he adores her. It might be nice if after all these terrible things she’s been through she got a little time with her favorite droid.” A very loud, angry beep came from the other room. “Why do I feel like Artoo would legitimately fight me over not calling him Rey’s favorite droid?” Poe joked. “Rey sure does love BB-8,” Leia said sadly as she sat down on the couch. She gestured for Poe to do the same, “Please sit.” The summer Poe turned sixteen, he had lived on Rornian with Luke, Ben, Felicity, and Rey who came to absolutely adore him. Kes had bought Poe BB-8 for his birthday, and Poe, Ben, and Rey spent an afternoon assembling him. Overjoyed with the adorable droid roughly the same height as her three-year-old self, Rey had fallen in love with BB-8 the moment she saw the box. Rey had cried just as much over BB-8 leaving at the end of the summer as she had cried over Poe. And now neither Poe or BB-8 would ever see her again. Leia took a deep breath and gathered herself to deliver the news. “I’m afraid that you’ve come too late,” Leia said. “The search for Rey and Felicity is over.” “They’ve been found?” Poe asked, excited as he sat on the couch opposite and BB-8 settled by his feet. “Not exactly. Luke and Han are on their way to Tonides to rescue Felicity from the First Order. Rey on the other hand… I’m afraid that Rey has passed away.” “WHAT?” “Felicity meant to hide themselves at Niima Outpost on Jakku, but her ship crashed in the desert and they had to walk the rest of the way. Rey was so small and the conditions too harsh. At least it happened painlessly. One day she fell asleep and then… well, she just never woke up.” “Oh God, Rey,” Poe’s head was in his hands, his back hitching with small sobs. “That poor little girl. How could this happen? It isn’t fair!” “Death rarely is,” Leia said sadly. BB-8 watched his Master cry. He pulled up his memory files concerning Rey Rhiaon Skywalker and found that they were talking about the nice little girl who loved to hug and play with him. BB-8 let out a whimper and his head drooped down as he updated his record file of her to the living status of Deceased. “How can I help?” Poe asked. “Do you need any help bringing her body to here or Rornian or… man, what are you guys going to even do with her? I know Luke’s all for cremation but she seems a little young for that.” “Actually,” Leia looked down guiltily, “there’s no body to recover. In the panic of her grief, Felicity buried Rey in the sand. When she realized her mistake it was too late: a sandstorm had happened and the grave site was gone. Rey’s… out there somewhere, lost forever to the sands of Jakku.” Leia couldn’t go on. She broke down crying in front of Poe and BB-8. BB-8 made a small noise and rolled over to Leia, nudging her leg and purring to comfort her. Poe however was not enveloped by sadness; he was consumed by anger. Rey Skywalker had done nothing to anyone, and yet because of the First Order she was lying dead in the sand. His decision made, Poe shot to his feet. “General Organa,” Poe declared with a salute, “I would like to formally request to join the Resistance.” Leia looked up at him in horror, “Absolutely not.” “I’m not going to let that little girl die for nothing!” “I won’t let you join.” “My studies will be finished next year and I can participate full time during the summer.” “It’s out of the question, Dameron,” Leia refused. “Come on, there are kids younger than me fighting in the Resistance!” Poe exclaimed. “Poe, you know why I don’t want you to join.” Poe locked his eyes with Leia’s. “And that’s exactly why I have to,” Poe’s voice was distant as his worst memory replayed in his mind. “The First Order executed my mother. She wouldn’t back down as they tried to steal the little children of our community, so they forced her on her knees and opened fire. Footage of it was leaked to the media, and everyone in the galaxy saw my mother die. I remember the speech that you gave afterwards. You quoted my mother’s last words: any force will be met with proper resistance. You used the outrage to form the Resistance, and have saved countless lives as a result. I’ve always meant to join when I was old enough, and now it’s time. My mother lost her life to the First Order on fighting to save the children of the next generation. Now the First Order has taken the life of one of those children, and it’s my turn to fight back.” Leia thought over Poe’s words carefully. She thought about the speech she made all those years ago. She thought about the speeches she had made since, begging the Senate to recognize the threat of the First Order. They had waved her off as an alarmist and warmonger, and because of that her niece was dead. There was only one thing left for her to do. “Please, General,” Poe begged. “Let me join.” “On one condition,” Leia looked up at Poe and smiled. She patted BB-8’s head, “BB-8 has to join too.” “Deal,” Poe held out his hand to her. “Poe Dameron,” Leia shook his hand, “welcome to the Resistance.” “Are you sure you want to do this?” Jaina questioned for the hundredth time as she followed Leia and Poe into the Senate box. “No,” Leia said pressing a button for her pod to float forward. “But it needs to be done.” “At this time, the Chair recognizes the Senator of Coruscant,” Chancellor Mon Mothma broadcasted to the Senate as Leia’s pod floated to the center of the room. “The Senator has an announcement to make.” Her eyes met Leia’s briefly, and they shared a sad look. Mothma knew what Leia was about to say, and although Mothma didn’t like it, she knew it was something Leia had to do. “Senators,” Leia began, “for weeks I’ve faced a barrage of questions concerning my brother and the disappearance of his family. Today I come forward with an answer to your questions. My brother’s wife, Felicity Rhiaon Skywalker is being brutally tortured and held as a prisoner of the First Order.” Chatter spread throughout the room. Intermixed with the concern and horror was the usual disbelief and hand waving of the seriousness of the situation that came anytime Leia tried to speak to the Senate about the First Order. But this time it was different; this time she would make them listen. “However that is not the announcement I must make,” Leia continued, shooting dirty looks at those who dared question the validity of her statements. “I come forward today to tell you about the other missing Skywalker. My five-year-old niece, Rey Rhiaon Skywalker who is loved by and charms everyone she meets, an innocent with pure goodness radiating from her very soul, the daughter of famed war heroes Luke Skywalker and Felicity Rhiaon… is dead .” The whole room gasped as one. Outrage cried from the Senators who were horrified, angered and even some unconvinced at the news. Shutters clicked madly as the media scrambled to record announcement. Luke and Felicity had been hounded relentlessly after the announcement of Rey’s birth; Leia could only imagine how it would be with her death. “She died fleeing the First Order,” Judgement and admonishment for the opposition to Resistance laced every one of Leia’s cruel words. “Rey wasted away in the hot Jakku sun, and her grief-stricken mother dug the grave with her own two hands. Then her mother was captured by the First Order and tortured for her dead daughter’s whereabouts, only to reveal it when they violated her mind. And what did this honorable, non-threatening organization that we don’t need to concern ourselves with do? They sent a holo of the beating and confession to her husband. My brother learned his daughter is dead from watching a holo of the First Order brutalizing the woman he loves. This wasn’t about them; this wasn’t about anything they did or believed in. It was about the views of the Republic, and yet it is Rey and Felicity who paid the price. My brother is on his way right now to get back his wife, but he will never get back his daughter.” Leia took a long pause as she looked around the room. “But this announcement means nothing to you, does it?” Bitterness dripped from Leia’s voice. No longer the measured politician, Rey’s death had made something inside of Leia snap. “For years, I have been begging you all to recognize the threat the First Order poses. Yet every time I broach the subject, I’m met with mockery and indifference. I’m told that the Resistance and all of its efforts to save innocent children from being stolen from their families is nothing more than hobby. The last defense between the Republic and destruction has been viewed with no more seriousness than knitting. There was time where I placed my faith and trust into politics and our justice system. But that’s all been a folly, for what good has politics ultimately done to protect the people I love and fight for? You sit here and squabble while people are out there dying . I believe now more than ever we need this Resistance, but I will no longer stand idly by as lives are lost because of petty bureaucracy. That is why today I come forward to announce that I will be stepping down as the Senator of Coruscant, and will commit myself fully to the Resistance.” Leia’s stunning announcement caused even more commotion. “I do not come to this decision lightly,” Leia continued above the shouts, “just as I did not come to the decision to form the Resistance lightly. Ten years ago, I stood before this Senate and made a speech, begging for you all to understand. I asked that you take a moment and think of the children in your life, children that are now fully grown. I asked you to imagine what it would be like to lose that child to the First Order, and have no one care to even lift a finger. And I told you that this was not about igniting the war of the past, but preventing the war of our future. Well, now the future how come, and the war has not been prevented.” Leia paused to look back at Poe. With a resolute expression, Poe nodded at Leia to resume her speech. Leia turned back to the Senators, “That speech was prompted by the execution of a woman named Shara Bey who lost her life protecting a group of children from the First Order. I founded the Resistance in the name of Shara Bey, and on the promise that her eight-year-old son, Poe Dameron would not have to fight her war. Earlier today the now eighteen-year-old Poe asked to join the Resistance. Prompted by the death of a little girl, Shara Bey’s son will now take up arms to protect the future his mother tried to give him. All because of ignorant, self-serving politicians, most of whom never even fought against the Empire like I and the Rebel Alliance did. We gave our lives, our blood, our sweat, and our tears, and now our children are being murdered thanks to the negligence and indifference of selfish people.” The outrage at Leia’s speech was great that she could barely be heard above the commotion. Leia didn’t care; the words were coming out of her mouth like snarls. Her eyes flashed menacingly in the chamber, for a split second turning yellow like her birth father’s had been after the slaughter on Mustafar. Leia was vaguely aware that the Dark Side was pumping through her veins. She could almost hear Luke telling her to take it down a notch, but Leia didn’t care. She had given so much to the Resistance, and for what? For Rey to be dead? For her pleas to be ignored? For the sacrifice of time that could have been used helping her son not fall to darkness? Leia finally understood the way Vader had viewed politics. For years she had clung to the values her mother Padmé Amidala, and adoptive father, Bail Organa had lived by, but it was Darth Vader who had ultimately gotten it right. While Leia certainly wasn’t about to advocate for a dictatorship, she understood his frustrations with the Republic. They just sat there and squabbled, doing nothing while people lost their lives. If Leia ever wanted anything done, she would have to do it herself. A hand placed on her shoulder jolted Leia out of her reverie. Jaina was touching her, looking on in concern while Poe frowned in the background. Leia then realized that she was shaking, and tears were blurring her vision. Luke was right: losing yourself to the Dark Side was easy. Wiping the tears from her eyes, Leia turned back to the Senate in determination, “My resignation begins immediately. I will not let the names of Shara Bey and Rey Rhiaon Skywalker get scrubbed from history. I will ensure they are remembered for their sacrifices as Martyrs of the Resistance and our fight for freedom. If any wish to join our cause, we welcome you with open arms. And to those who still deny the reality of the situation, I say this: Wake up, Senators! Wake up! This isn’t a game; this is a battle we cannot afford to lose. If you continue to allow your ignorance and stubbornness to prevail, then you are digging your own grave. This Imperial wannabe already has Stormtroopers, already has TIE Fighters and Star Destroyers, they already have Dark Force Users in charge. How much longer until they build another Death Star? How long until they target this system? Now is the time to make your decision, and I only pray that you all make the right one.” The room has quieted, waiting for what Leia would say next. Having the orphan heir of Alderaan suggest the creation of a new Death Star dropped in their stomachs like lead. Fear filled the room. Leia took a deep breath and looked around the room, “It has been an honour serving as the Senator of Coruscant, and I only hope that my new role will come to serve you even better. Be careful Senators, and goodbye.” “Organa’s speech has thrown the Government into utter chaos,” the Anchor of HoloNews Nightly reported. Luke, Han, and Chewie watched the projection on the dejarik table as they mended the table rim, still hours away from the Ouvis System and Felicity. Leia’s shocking announcement was all over the news on every channel. The boys had been greatly surprised when the story broke, Leia not having informed them ahead of time. While Luke and Chewie had stared at the news station in shock, Han decided to break the ice by declaring that he guess it meant he needed to get a job. “Reports are pouring in of the different responses Organa’s speech has provoked,” the Anchor continued. A muted image of Mon Mothma at a press conference was brought on screen, “Less than an hour after Organa’s speech, Chancellor Mon Mothma announced that she was stepping down in protest of the way the Republic has handled the issue.” The clip of Mon Mothma played. “I am horrified that two of our brightest and most revered war heroes has lost their child as a result of this inaction,” Mon Mothma said in a passionate, yet measured tone. “My condolences go out to Jedi Grandmaster Luke Skywalker and Resistance Lieutenant General Felicity Rhiaon. I apologize for and willing bear partial responsibility for your loss.” “The Chancellor was not the only politician to step down in protest of Rey Skywalker’s death,” the Anchor said as they cut to a clip of Luke and Leia’s cousin, Pooja. “Senator of Naboo, Pooja Naberrie, cousin of Organa and Skywalker has also announced her resignation.” “This is an awful blow to our family,” Pooja said in her own press conference. “My aunt, Padmé Amidala did not fight against Palpatine and give up her life so that her granddaughter could suffer an unimaginable death. As long as the Republic and Naboo remains indifferent, it shows that we are no better than champions of Palpatine and all that he stood for.” “The military took a large hit today as well,” the Anchor was the focus again. “Many of the highly ranked military commanders of the Republic Army and Air Force fought alongside Skywalker and Rhiaon during the Rebellion. Twenty-five of them have resigned their commissions in protest.” “Luke is not a man who leaves a soldier behind,” Wedge Antilles told a camera crew. “He’ll save even the man with no chance of surviving, yet still is somehow breathing. It’s heartbreaking to think that his child couldn’t be saved.” “I’ve been on Jakku,” the camera cut to Diego Nalto, “I know that suffocating heat. I remember Felicity and I practically crawling to Niima Outpost, the heat being so terrible. I can’t imagine what Felicity went threw when she lost Rey to that heat. And to dig the grave of her daughter with her own two hands…” Diego couldn’t go on. “But those aren’t even the most shocking things to happen,” the Anchor continued. “The planet of Zygerria is withdrawing its membership in the Republic. Queen Nerissa released a statement: Felicity Rhiaon, Luke Skywalker, and a dozen Jedi helped me overthrow my cruel sister, and bring an end to a thousand generation of slavery on Zygerria. We stand with Luke Skywalker, Felicity Rhiaon, and the Jedi. Justice must be served.” The footage then cut to yet another press conference, where the entire staff of the Republic Emissary Office stood in front of the reporters. “And the most shocking development was the resignation of the entire Senate Emissary Office,” the Anchor announced. “Felicity Rhiaon was employed as an Emissary for over a decade, before leaving Coruscant to become the Jedi Order’s architect on Rornian. Nils Arlos, former Head of the Senate Emissary Office and Rhiaon’s former boss, explained their reasoning.” “Felicity Rhiaon is an excellent worker, and a close friend to all of us,” Nils told the cameras. “Dozens of planets joined the Senate because of her hard work. News of her loss as devastated us and shaken our views. None of us can continue on in our roles as we do not believe it to be right to advocate planets joining a government we no longer can stand behind. We ask that as long as the Republic refuses to do anything about the First Order, each and every planet must seriously revaluate their membership.” “Man, people are pissed ,” Han gave a low whistle as the station cut to montage of stock images of Luke, Felicity, and Rey as a pair of political analysts discussed the situation. “Then again, they’ve got a cute little girl as the face of the issue.” Luke said nothing, staring with teary eyes at the images of Rey. Han looked at Chewie, who growled that maybe they should turn the news off. With a sheepish expression, Han flipped off the projection. “I’m really sorry, Luke,” Han said quietly. “I just can’t believe she’s gone,” Luke whispered. He swallowed hard and looked at Han and Chewie, “You know, I always thought that if anything were to happen to you guys, especially Leia and Rey, I would sense it, but… Nothing. I didn’t feel a thing. I had no idea-” “It’s alright, Luke,” Han placed a hand on Luke’s shoulder. “Most people don’t sense that sort of thing. And you know… maybe it’s better you didn’t sense it. Can you imagine what would have happened if while we were searching for Fliss you suddenly sensed that Rey was gone? You were already pretty broken down and desperate, that may have just pushed you off the deep end.” Luke lowered his head, “What am I supposed to do now?” “You go on living.” “How?” “… I have no idea.” Taking in the despondent expressions of the men, Chewie growled something. Han perked up at the words, “You’re absolutely right!” Luke frowned, “What did he say?” “Look, nothing is going to ever fill the void that Rey left behind, and the Jedi may be gone too, but not everything’s lost. You still have us, you still have Leia, and you still have Fliss.” Luke gave a small smile but said nothing as he contemplated Han’s words. Han and Chewie were right, Rey left a very unique hole in his heart. Rey was more than family; Rey was part of him in a way she was part of only one other. The combination of two hearts, yet one unique individual in her own right. Luke could never replace Rey, nor did he want to, but there was only one person who could ever come close to mending the wound left by Rey’s death. And that person was other heart who had created Rey; the person who was the other half of Luke’s soul. Luke took a deep breath and found the strength to hold on. For as long as Felicity Rhiaon was alive, Luke still had hope. Chapter 10 : Dead Ends Summary: Blaming himself for everything, Luke walks away from it all. The Long Way Home Chapter Ten Dead Ends “Felicity Rhiaon is dead,” Kylo Ren’s mocking words echoed in Luke’s mind. The confrontation of his nephew on the Tonides base of the First Order had occurred over a month ago. As expected, the whole thing had been a trap. Han had done his best to distract the guards while Luke and Chewie pressed forward to find Felicity. Instead they found an unmasked Kylo Ren waiting for them with a legion of Stormtroopers and devastating news. “I killed her myself!” Kylo had been gleeful at the thought of his aunt being murdered. “I ended her miserable existence, and ridded the world of her corruptive influence.” “No. You’re lying,” Luke had said, half in fear and half in genuine disbelief. “Felicity is not dead.” “Yes, she is,” Kylo had grinned. He had pulled out a small HoloDisc from his cloak. “See for yourself.” Kylo had switched on the HoloDisc. It had projected the image of Felicity on her knees, tied up, face bruised, bloodied, and hair sheered crudely. Evidently the footage had been recorded seconds after Hux telling Luke he had seven days to get Felicity. The camera was zoomed in extremely close, only Felicity’s panicked expression filling the screen. There were muffled screams behind her gagged mouth, and she was shaking her body, trying to wretch free. Luke would never forget her wide hazel eyes; panic and fear filling them as she tried to scream for help. He would never forget the gloved hand that brought the blaster to her temple. He would never forget Felicity’s muffled shouts as the hand squeezed the trigger. He would never forget the blast, the way Felicity’s eyes went blank, and how she fell to the ground. “And do you know what I did next?” Kylo had asked gleefully, watching as Chewie let out a roar of grief and his uncle literally shaking with anger, struggling not to attack Kylo where he stood. “Do you know what I did to that schutta you call a wife?” Luke would never forget the image Kylo next showed. The thing he would refuse to ever tell Han and Leia. The thing he would swear Chewbacca to secrecy about. The thing that would cause Luke to leave the base without his wife’s body. Because what the First Order did to Felicity Rhiaon ensured Luke would have no body to lay to rest. She was lost, just as Rey had been. But Luke didn’t leave the base then and there. Upon seeing what Kylo did to Felicity, Luke stood there, catatonic in shock and murderous rage. Kylo was arrogant. He was not the naïve Ben Solo, Luke had been pleading with to come home. Luke looked upon Kylo with new eyes: he knew there was no redemption. Even Vader wouldn’t have sunk to the level of vicious anger and bitter hatred that Kylo had resorted to. In Luke’s eyes, Vader was a hero for strangling his pregnant wife compared to what Kylo did to Felicity. Kylo couldn’t stop gloating, going on and on about what he had done to his rival and how much he enjoyed every moment of it. Luke didn’t hear any of the words, them becoming muted in the background, an angry buzzing paired with the pounding in Luke’s ears. It was only when Kylo slipped the disk into Luke’s breast pocket that Luke finally snapped. The Dark Side flooding into him, Luke grabbed his nephew by the throat and threw him to the ground. Kylo let out a surprised yelp while Chewie roared and the Stormtroopers advanced. Despite their efforts, and the objecting cries of Force Ghosts in his mind, no one could get Luke to stop. Consumed by hatred, anger, and the Dark Side, Luke wrapped his hands around the throat of his own nephew and refused to let go until Kylo Ren was as dead as his wife and daughter. It was Chewie who eventually got Luke off of Kylo, locking his arms around Luke’s chest and pulling him backwards. Holding Luke in place with one arm, his used his other to bash away a line of Stormtroopers and pulled Luke towards the door. “No! NO!” Luke had cried out, struggling to escape Chewie’s unyielding grasp. By the time they got to Han at the Falcon, Luke had calmed enough for Chewie to let him go. Luke was in complete and utter shock: shock at what happened to Felicity, and shock at what he had done to his own nephew. “Let’s get out of here!” Han had cried when he caught sight of the others. When they came closer into view, running at top speed for the loading ramp of the Falcon, Han frowned at the number. “Wait! Stop! Where’s Fliss?” There was a heartbreaking silence. “Felicity’s dead,” Luke couldn’t believe his own words. He still didn’t believe his words a month later. His wife, Felicity Rhiaon, the love of his life, his other half, his opposite, his match, his soulmate, his true love, the mother of his child, and keeper of his heart… she was dead. And it was all his fault. If he had gone to Leia’s office the second Ben showed up… If he had stayed in Leia’s office in the first place to listen to the messages… If he had called Unkar Plutt again… If he had left his line open… If he had gone with them to Jakku… If he had let them stay on Rornian… If he had never left in the first place… If he had stopped Ben’s fall to the Dark Side… So many errors, one disaster after another and now the two most important women in his life were dead. True he had Han and Leia, but knowing what Ben had done, knowing he had failed their son, Luke could barely stand being in their presence. It was all his fault; he had destroyed their family, and this time there was nothing to go back to. It felt hollow to be back on Rornian. The ceremony to burn and bury the ashes of his Jedi was long past, and now Luke and a team of people were picking through the rubble of the Jedi Temple and his home to see what they could recover. It felt even more hollow for Luke to be standing in the office of his late wife. As architect, Felicity’s office stored all of the blueprints of the various buildings on Rornian, and Leia had sent Luke in to get the ones for the Temple to make sure they didn’t miss any rooms. The fire had collapsed and buried many walls and hallways, and it was hard to recognize the once familiar floorplan. Luke suspected ulterior motives to being sent in to Felicity’s office. It was the only building left standing of personal significance to the Skywalker family. The home, Temple, and Luke’s office within the Temple had been burned down, but Felicity’s office had been left untouched. Unlike some of the houses that though left standing, had been trashed, Felicity’s office was exactly like she had left it. Looking around the room, Luke could imagine Felicity had gone home for lunch and would be back to start on work any minute. But she would never step foot in that room again. The office was a small building not far from the Skywalker residence. Originally it had been a house for a Jedi named Obik Kenu, but two years after moving to Rornian, he had married Reine Agim and moved into her bigger house. Obik had very simple tastes, and his one floor house had zero frills. The entrance way had relatively unchanged as had the small bathroom and kitchen. The ship garage was retained, though always sat empty as Felicity would walk to her office from home. The living room was converted into a waiting room, the guest bedroom as the designing room with her easel, drawing implements, measuring equipment, and other such tools, and the master bedroom served as Felicity’s actual office. Unlike the office Felicity had during her years as a Senate Emissary, her architecture office was very homey. Personal holos riddled the walls and various surfaces, and a set of clothing, weapons, and a fold up cot were stored in the closet for times she had to pull all-nighters. A fully stocked caf station sat in the corner, accompanied by a select of hot chocolate mix for the times her husband would visit her. There was a small box with toys and activities that Felicity would open during the days she had to work and babysitting for Rey fell through (Felicity being relegated to watching Rey as Luke’s duties didn’t allow him a lot of distractions and were honestly a lot more boring to Rey.) The rest of the house had other such personalization to it that sometimes Luke would joke that she secretly was planning to leave him and live there but just needed to figure out what to do with Rey. There was a tiny element of truth to the idea as during the two or three times Luke and Felicity had gotten into a big enough fight that they need space from each other for a while, Felicity had actually lived in her office building for a few days. It was extremely rare for their fights to get to that level, and it usually ended with one of them going to the home of the other, both apologizing and falling into each other’s arms in a bit of passionate reconciliation. Those fights had mainly been for the really big issues such as when Felicity suffered her postpartum depression, or one time when they had gotten into a huge disagreement involving Ben and how Felicity no longer felt safe with letting him be alone with Rey. Luke had managed to eventually convince Felicity that everything would be alright, and Felicity had come home. And because he won that argument, now Felicity would never come home. Luke sighed as he retrieved from a cabinet the small data chip that contained the blueprints of the Jedi Temple. Felicity had not designed it, and in fact had only been designing things for a little more than six years. Most of Temple Village had been completed when he and his new bride had moved to Rornian, and in fact that had been the whole point. Luke had thought it selfish to put his personal needs before that of the Jedi Order, and thus made a point of having his home be one of the last buildings constructed. Yet looking around Temple Village, one could see Felicity’s projects all around. The small school where Jedi Knight Eline Typhe-Korden taught the children their basic education. The library where the residents would gather for entertainment and trade HoloNovels, HoloVids, HoloMags, and other such Holo technology. The market building Felicity had convinced Luke to build so that all supplies would be in a central location. There was no money exchanged between the residents of Temple Village, and all supplies was communal, trusting that people would take only what they need. Before Felicity created the market, one had to go to each individual location to collect their needs: medical supplies at Doctor Kalonia’s office, food from the meditation gardens, outside materials from the delivery hangar, and so forth. Now none of it would be needed; only he and Doctor Kalonia were the last people alive. A light knock on the door stirred Luke from his thoughts. “Come on,” Luke hastily called as he wiped the tears he just realised had formed in his eyes. The door slid open to reveal Poe Dameron carrying a small storage crate, followed by BB-8. “Hey, General Organa said I could find you here,” Poe hesitantly lingered at the door. “Am I interrupting anything?” “No, of course not.” Luke gestured to the chair across the desk, “Please, come on.” Poe gave a half smile and entered the room. “Thank you, again Poe for coming to help go through the debris,” Luke said. “I know there’s a huge list of things you’d rather spend your summer vacation doing.” “Don’t think anything of it,” Poe set down the crate on the desk. “It’s the least I can do. This is the first box of things we’ve found. Some of it’s a little charred, but everything’s in a good enough condition. General Organa said to go through it when you’re ready. …You know, Luke, I don’t know if I’ve had to chance to express my condolences. I’m really sorry for your loss.” “Yeah,” Luke said, his voice distant as he stared at a Holo on Felicity’s desk. It was a simple shot of Felicity with her arms wrapped around Rey in a hug, the two girls laughing. “I’m sorry too.” “Is it true what they’re saying about Felicity? She’s gone too?” Luke nodded as he lowered his head, trying not to let Poe see his tears. BB-8 watching from the corner made a sad noise and updated the living status of Felicity Rhiaon’s file in his system to deceased . Poe sighed and dropped his own head, “I’m sorry. She was a good friend to me and my family. If you need anything at all-” “I know,” Luke gave Poe a smile, but Poe could see the pain and falseness behind it. “Thank you.” “Anytime,” Poe immediately regretted his response when he saw the look on Luke’s face. Poe winced and looked over at his droid in the corner, “Come on, BB-8, let’s give Luke some privacy.” “Wait, can you give this to Leia?” Luke handed Poe the data chip with the Temple blueprints. “Of course. Take care of yourself, Luke.” “You too, Poe.” As Poe exited the room, BB-8 paused and looked at Luke. He rolled over to the Jedi, and nudged Luke’s leg. He beeped a few things Luke knew meant to be encouragement and comfort. Luke smiled and patted BB-8 on the head. With a few satisfied bleeps, BB-8 rolled out the door. Luke sighed and looked at the crate Poe had delivered. It was filled with the smallest of things, most of which had no reason to have escaped the flames yet through a series of random circumstances had manage. They were a lot like Luke, he should have been lost to those flames, yet there he stood. Shifting through the box, Luke didn’t find much of significance. A charred frying pan, a blast remote to practise using a lightsaber to deflect bolts, a chip containing some poorly written science fiction HoloNovel Luke had probably found in a one credit bin at a refueling station to pass the hours on a long trip. But there were also a few things that Luke was glad to see had survived: the box containing both Luke and Felicity’s medals of bravery for defeating the Death Star, the replica the gold jacket Luke wore at the medal ceremony where he met Felicity, Felicity’s favorite blaster – a blocky silver NN-14 Han always liked the look of – and the japor snippet Anakin Skywalker had once gifted Padmé Amidala that had been reclaimed by the Naberrie family before her burial that Padmé’s sister Sola later gave to Luke. There was also an assortment of old Holos including a fifteen-year-old Luke posing on Tatooine in front of his first speeder, a Holo of Felicity and Leia with Felicity’s brother Brendan that was taken a month before his death, a Holo of Padmé Amidala that Luke had received from the Naberrie family, and a Holo of Luke and Han in their suits at Han and Leia’s wedding. The thought of weddings led Luke to probably the most painful item in the box. Though her wedding dress had been eaten up by the flames, the metal box Felicity had stored her wedding veil had proven to be flame-resistant. Luke’s hands shook as he lifted the veil out of the box. The day he married Felicity Rhiaon had been the happiest day of his life, rivaled only by the day she gave birth to their daughter Rey. “Do you, Luke Skywalker take this woman to be your partner in life and sharing your path; equal in love, a mirror for your true self, promising to honor and cherish, through good times and bad, in sickness and in health, for as long as you both shall live?” “I do,” Luke vowed, unable to wipe the adorably goofy grin off his face that made Felicity Rhiaon fall in love with him in the first place. Felicity have that mischievous one corner of her mouth upturned smirk that Luke could never resist, “Good. I did not spend all that time getting this dress altered for you to go, ‘yeah, maybe not’ at the last second.” Luke broke down at the memory. How many times had he pictured with growing old and grey together? How many times had the argued over whether or not Felicity would allow Luke to grow a beard when got to be a wrinkly, wise, ancient mentor? How many times had Felicity boasted that she was going to stay in good enough shape that she could still kick Captain Phasma’s ass in hand-to-hand combat when Felicity was fifty-five or even sixty? How many times did Han and Luke joke that Luke was going to freak out his grandkids with his false hand? How many times did Luke imagine walking Rey down the aisle, maybe even as she wore her mother’s veil on her wedding day? He sobbed as his clutched his wife’s wedding veil, the words ‘for as long as you both shall live’ echoing in his head. Luke remembered the day he and Felicity decided on those words in place of ‘till death do you part’ as they had both knew that their love would last beyond the grave. Luke had always thought that when they did pass, it would be at the very most a few years apart. Secretly, Luke had even hoped that they would pass away peacefully in their sleep in their nineties on the very same night, maybe even holding hands. And yet there he was at thirty-nine, a widower to the greatest woman he could have ever hoped to love. As sadistic as it sounded, Luke wished there had been a body. He wished that the First Order had been cruel enough to throw his wife’s corpse at his feet. At least then he could have held her, desperately clutching his cold, still body in his embrace as he cried out to the heavens. It would have been something out of a gothic tragedy, his sorrow consuming him as her head hung limp and her glassy eyes staring unseeingly at the sky. He would have built her the best pyre imaginable, and cremated her with the highest respect and noblest of ceremonies. It would have been the same for Rey if he had her body. Luke probably would have laid Rey in her mother's arms, and watch silently as they burned. Then again, maybe it was a good thing he couldn’t light their pyre. If he had, Luke probably would have thrown himself upon it. Is this what it felt like for his father the day he was told his wife and child was dead? This anger, this emptiness, this rage at the world? Luke could almost understood wanting to build a Death Star and destroy all the people who had taken them from him. Almost. Slamming the lid of the veil box shut, Luke dropped to his knees and sobbed. Everything he had loved and worked so hard for was gone. And it was all his fault. He stayed there, crouched underneath Felicity’s desk, sobbing, uncaring if anyone saw him. Nothing could ever make this better. But a person can’t cry forever, and eventually Luke ran out of tears. He body convulsed with dry heaves, but soon that too came to a stop. Luke just crouched there, his mind blank like it had been the night of the massacre, staring at nothing, dead to the world. And then he saw it. Lying forgotten underneath the desk was a doll. Rey had many toys, in fact probably too many. She had many honorary uncles, plus an actual aunt and uncle who liked spoiling her with treasures from their travels. Even Poe Dameron and the other Jedi had gotten in on the game. Luke and Felicity tried their best to taper off the excess of gifts, but the other had soon caught on to the idea that if Rey saw the gift before Luke and Felicity said no, her parents rarely had the heart to deny her her present. Lando was probably the worse offender, always bringing her lavish gifts, spoiling her like she was his own daughter. Eventually things got out of control with Lando’s gifts, and Felicity had had a few ‘words’ with him. Luke wasn’t certainly exactly what was said, but the next thing he knew, Lando eased back to a reasonable level. But this doll wasn’t something a family friend had picked up in a shop. This doll had been handstitched by Felicity. It was a hobby Felicity had picked up in the early days her involvement of the Rebellion. In need of stress relief, Felicity would take scraps of fabric and sew them into various creatures, and the dolls would be handed out to children during aid missions. Felicity had become rather famous in the Rebellion for her hobby and often received requests for her to sew them for the newborn children of Rebel soldiers. In fact, Poe Dameron’s first toy had been a loper sewn by Felicity. This doll in particular had been modeled after Felicity, Rey begging her mother to make her a mommy doll to go with all the dolls her uncles bought her that looked like Rey. It was faceless and had brown hair tied into a messy bun. She wore Rey’s favorite outfit of Felicity’s: the one she had worn while stealing the Death Star plans. Black pants and boots with cool looking gun belts strapped around her waist and right look. Brown fingerless gloves and vest, and a long sleeved blue shirt. Luke shared Rey’s love of the outfit, often saying that if he had run into Felicity when he was nineteen, he definitely wouldn’t have spent all those years mooning after Leia. Luke grabbed the doll and stared at it painfully. How many times had he scolded Rey for leaving her toys laying around everywhere? How many times had he scolded her for bringing toys to the dinner table? How many times had he scolded her for playing with her toys when it was bedtime? How many toys had he scolded her for the stupidest things? For rolling her eyes while someone said something she found stupid (something Luke knew for a fact she had picked up from Han.) For refusing to eat all of her vegetables? For throwing a temper tantrum like any five-year-old? For touching something she shouldn’t? For going outside to play without supervision? How many times had he made his precious daughter sad? Angry? Frustrated? How many times had he hurt his little girl? He wanted to take it all back. Turn back the clock and replace every bad thing with something good. He wanted to hold her in his arms and make her smile. He wanted to play with her endless sea of toys. He wanted spin her around, dance, laugh, and do anything that made her happy. He wanted to show and teach her the things he had waited until she was older to do. He wanted to teach her hand-to-hand combat, how to use a lightsaber, how to fly a ship, comfort her the first time someone broke her heart, let her have her first sip of alcohol, let her cut and dye her hair in whatever crazy fashion the rebellious teenager wanted to. Luke slowly rose to his feet and set the doll on the desk next to Felicity’s wedding veil. He wanted a lifetime with his wife and daughter… and all he had was useless junk. Luke finally let out the scream of rage he had been holding back for months. He grabbed things out of the crate at random and threw them against the wall. Junk. Junk. Junk! It was all useless junk! Junk that could never replace having Rey and Felicity in his life, only haunting him with their memories. Loud crashes filled the room as most of the item broke them a shatter. What good was any of it? They were gone and it was all his fault. Though Luke felt the catharsis of the destruction, he felt empty when he ran out of things to break. He still didn’t have his girls, and now his treasured possessions were broken. And it was all his fault. Luke fell to his knees and sobbed again. Felicity and Rey were dead, Ben was corrupted, and the First Order was taking control. It was all his fault. He couldn’t save them, the people he loved had been hurt, and it was all his. His fault. His fault. His fault! Luke felt a warmth on his shoulder like someone trying to put their hand on it. “I’m so sorry, my son,” the ghostly voice of Anakin Skywalker filled the room. “I understand how you feel.” Luke looked up with tear filled eyes to see the blue form of his father trying to comfort him as Obi-Wan Kenobi and Master Yoda looked on sympathetically. As Luke’s eyes took in his father, rage flared up in his chest. “This is all your fault,” Luke whispered. Anger building in his core, Luke stood and screamed, “THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT!” Luke moved forward as if to attack Anakin, but failed when his hands went through Anakin’s ghostly form. Despite knowing Luke couldn’t hurt him, Anakin stood a still backward as Obi-Wan rushed to Luke’s side. “Luke, calm down,” Obi-Wan instructed. “Calm down? Calm down? MY WIFE AND DAUGHTER ARE DEAD AND IT’S ALL HIS FAULT!” Anakin tried to defend himself, “Luke, listen-” “No!” Luke screamed. “Everything truly bad that has ever happened to me is because of you! You cut off my hand! You threatened my sister! You burned down my childhood home, murdering my aunt and uncle! You killed the Jedi! You dismantled the Republic! You created the Empire! You killed Obi-Wan! You froze Han in carbonite! You shot down Biggs! You tortured Leia and killed the innocent billions of her planet! You made my mother die!” Anakin physically recoiled at the final accusation. “And after all that you somehow managed to find redemption,” Luke spat the words as if they were bitter acid. “Yet the effect of your tyranny lived on. How many people wake up everyday with loved ones dead because of you? How many people wake up screaming like Felicity does… did sometimes, remembering the things you did to them? But it doesn’t end there, because Vader’s legacy lived on. The Empire’s legacy lived on. Now we have the First Order. Now we have another slaughtered Jedi Order. Now we have another Sith, or whatever Snoke and Kylo want to call themselves. Now we have another dead mother and child who wastes away in a desert. Except this time that child will never leave that planet. Felicity and Rey are dead because of you!” Anakin closed his eyes and lowered his head in shame. He had no excuse to give. “I want to see them,” Luke turned to Obi-Wan. “Make Felicity and Rey appear to me like you do!” Obi-Wan looked at the other Jedi awkwardly, “It doesn’t work like that, Luke.” “Why not? Why can’t they come?” Luke demanded. “Only Force Sensitives can do this, Luke,” Obi-Wan answered. “Felicity could never become like us, and Rey didn’t prepare herself.” Plus there was the little fact that not both Rey and Felicity were dead. Obi-Wan however, could not tell Luke that. It was against the rules of being a Force Ghost. If he tried to say something like ‘hey, go to Jakku, Rey’s actually alive and waiting for you’ Obi-Wan would be physically incapable of opening his mouth. It was painful to see Luke suffering from the thought that his wife and daughter were dead, but it was worse knowing that it wasn’t true. “Careful with your grief, you must be,” Yoda advised. Luke angrily noticed that Yoda didn’t appear to be too perturbed by Luke’s grief. “Of the Dark Side these emotions are. Against attachments for this is exact reason, I advise.” “Uh, oh,” Anakin muttered, taking another step back. “Well, excuse me for getting upset over the fact that my five-year-old daughter is dead!” Luke’s eyes flashed. “I don’t mean to bother you with my petty problems! Of course that wouldn’t be a problem if I hadn’t been too old to be trained and brainwashed by your mantras against human emotion! But of course, that’s not my fault, is it? Who was the one who waited until I was nineteen to start training me?” Obi-Wan looked away. “Insult the child, I did not intend to,” Yoda calmly replied. “Of course not, but her mother who doubts the Force is free game, isn’t she?” “We have nothing against Felicity, Luke,” Obi-Wan assured him. “She is a good partner for you. We’re just worried about how you’re dealing with your grief.” “It’s very easy to become obsessed with loss, Luke,” Anakin added. “Take it from someone who made that mistake. It gets you nothing in the end, and you just push anyone who might be left to support you. You can’t waste your life on what if, because if you do, when your life comes to an end you wind up thinking what if I hadn’t wasted my life. Maybe if I hadn’t let my grief consume me, I could have been saved a lot sooner.” Luke stared at his father, conflicting, bitter emotions swirling about, “I don’t care about anyone getting saved. It’s too late for Rey and Felicity and the others.” “What about Ben?” Anakin asked. Luke’s face hardened, “After what Kylo did to Felicity… I don’t want to save him.” Silence filled the room. Luke Skywalker who believed in Darth Vader after Obi-Wan and Yoda gave up, had just sentenced Ben Solo to a life of darkness with no chance of redemption. “Errored we have in the past,” Yoda admitted. “Natural, grief is, and allow time to work through it, we must. For your wife and child, grieve, Luke Skywalker. Then in their memories, rebuild the Jedi Order you will.” “What?” Luke felt like he had been slapped. “You’re already telling me to rebuild the Order?” “Of the essence, time is,” Yoda nodded. Anakin was in the corner, shaking his head, “How am I the smartest ghost in the room right now? I thought cutting off my son’s hand before asking him to rule the Galaxy with me was a good idea.” Luke however, was shaking, “I have spent the last twenty years of my life rebuilding the Jedi Order and fixing the mess you three made! Yes, three! Because of your pride and stubbornness, whether it was on the idea of allowing attachments, unwillingness to confess you had a problem, or view that Sith are unredeemable, the Jedi Order fell and took the Republic with it. You waited nineteen years to do a damn thing about it, and put it all on my shoulders. I struggled for three years without any guidance, and then was told I couldn’t be trained, despite everything apparently riding on me being so. Then you kept to your stubborn pride that put us here in the first place and told me somehow to fix things. And I did. I gave everything I had for twenty years to rebuild the Jedi Order, and in one moment, because one boy decided to idolize your mistakes it was all gone. Dozens of people were slaughtered because of the legacy of your mistakes. Now their bodies are barely cold and you’re asking me to replace them?” And then Luke hit upon it, the question he hadn’t considered since he was nineteen years old. He always knew it was his duty, his responsibility, his mission to be and rebuild the Jedi. But did he even want to be one? A long time ago his answer would have been an automatic yes, but as he stood in the ashen village of his efforts, he felt the passion gone. He had once spoken with Felicity on the topic of optimism. She had called herself a pessimist, but Luke told her he saw a spark in her eye. Felicity had told him it was a dying ember that Luke replied could be fanned back into a flame. He had only known her a few months at the time, the conversation taking place at the beginning of their friendship. Luke would spend the next ten years fanning that ember, helping Felicity believe in the world again. And then Ben cruelly stamped out that flame, and with it, so went out the flame of Luke’s passion to be a Jedi. He didn’t want it anymore, people trusting him, believing in him, and relying on him. He just let them down. It reminded him of another memory of Felicity from a time when the two of them had seriously questioned whether or not they could be a couple with her disbelief in the Force. “I love you, Luke,” Felicity said. “But you need to understand that I’m never going to view the idea of destiny with more than raised eyebrows. To me it’s all just a logical sequence of events, with the occasional random thing thrown it. Believe me, I’ve tried not to be this way, but I can’t do it. I can’t find it in myself to believe something like my brother’s entire purpose was to die so that I could steal the plans to the Death Star so that some farm kid could get his sorry butt off Tatooine.” Luke replied, “And I can’t believe that all of that wasn’t part of a plan to save the Galaxy from the Empire, find Han and Leia, and lead me to you.” “And I respect that, but I can’t bring myself to agree.” “Then where does leave us?” Felicity smiled, “At a compromise.” Luke frowned questioningly at her as Felicity put a hand on his cheek. As Felicity gave a happy sigh, Luke placed his hand over hers. “Luke, we can make this work,” Felicity pressed her forehead against his. “And do you know why?” “Why?” “Because I will never believe in destiny… but I’ll always believe in you. I know that we love each other, and that what we have is special. So no matter what comes our way, we’ll always be at each other’s side, keeping each other from harm.” Luke smiled, “Always?” “Always,” Felicity whispered. “I will always believe in you.” It was gamble that cost Felicity her life… and that of their daughter. “I can’t do it,” Luke whispered. “I can’t start over.” Obi-Wan sighed, “In time-” “No!” Luke snapped. “ Never! I’m done! Done with the Jedi, done with the First Order, done with you!” Luke looked around at the stunned ghosts. His choice made, Luke knew what he needed to do next. “I want you to leave,” Luke coldly declared. “All of you. Go back to the Force, or the afterlife, or wherever you go when you’re not bothering me, and never come back.” The ghosts looked at each other in a loss of what to say. “Luke,” Obi-Wan said. “Just leave me alone, Ben,” Luke shook his head. Yoda sighed, “If that is what you wish.” And Yoda was gone. Obi-Wan looked at Luke, “I’m sorry for ruining your life.” And Obi-Wan was gone to. Luke locked eyes with Anakin who looked like he desperately didn’t want to leave his son. “Luke,” Anakin pleaded. “Please don’t do this.” “Goodbye Father,” Luke simply said. And Anakin was gone. Luke was alone. Looking around the room, he felt a heavy sense of finality and displacement. “I have to get out of here,” Luke whispered. Luke crossed the room and pulled a holo to the side revealing a small locked safe hidden away. “Passcode?” the safe prompted. “Brendan Rhiaon died a martyr,” Luke spoke Felicity’s passcode and a minute later the safe clicked open. Only one thing sat in the safe, a small pouch hanging on a string that could be tied as a necklace. Inside was a data chip that once held a copy of the Death Star schematics, but now it held the Jedi Order’s greatest secret. Closing the safe, Luke tied the string around his neck. He grabbed the Holo of the laughing Felicity and Rey, and Rey’s Felicity doll. Luke didn’t look back as he walked away. It had to have been the worst time for Luke to walk past the door of Han and Leia’s room. Staying in the guest room of Reine Agim’s house, Leia and Han were in the middle of a heated argument. “Don’t play stupid, Sweetheart!” Han snapped. “I saw the torture footage! I heard what Ben said to Felicity! When exactly were you going to tell me that the reason we sent Ben to Luke was that he was hearing voices in his head? ” “I’m sorry, Han but what was I supposed to say?” Leia replied, her voice twice the volume as normal. “I don’t know, how about, hey Han, our son’s hearing voices! Maybe we should do something about it!” “Look, I didn’t think you’d know how to deal with it. Luke and I are Force Sensitive so we understand this a little better, and Felicity only knew because she’s the one who told us in the first place.” “Right, sorry, I forgot, you and Luke are the might Jedi and I’m just the guy who knocked you up.” “It’s not like that, and you know it!” Luke winced as he stood in the hallway. This was his fault, he had failed Ben and now Han and Leia were paying the price. More sure than ever of his decision, Luke carefully slipped into his room and started packing. Leia was sitting on the bed, head in hands as Han stood facing the wall, hands pressed upon it and leaning forwards. It was painful to hear the quiet sobs Leia was trying to repress. Han sighed and walked over to the bed, “I’m sorry.” Leia sniffed and said, “Hold me.” Han sat down on the bed and pulled her into his arms. He couldn’t help remember the night on Endor Luke had left. Leia had asked him to hold her the same way, and it had been the moment Han knew he wanted to spend his life with her. No matter what fight they had, no matter what secret they may hold, no matter what trauma they went through, no matter what forces may try to tear them apart, Han needed this five foot nothing trigger happy Princess who could match him in their battle of wits. He may just be some stuck-up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerf herder, but he was her stuck-up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerf herder. “Hey, I love you,” Han said. “I know,” Leia couldn’t stop the small smile that graced her expression. “We can’t keep doing this.” Han grinned, “Actually, I think it’s because we haven’t been yelling at each other as much as usual that this happened.” “Han-” “I don’t care if you didn’t tell me about Ben. I know I haven’t been the best father, and that’s on me, but now this is bigger than Ben being a moody teenager.” “I know,” Leia sighed, resting her head on his broad chest. “I can’t believe we’re going back to war.” “Hey, if the First Order thinks they can kill our sister and niece and get away with it, then bring it on.” “What are we going to do about Luke? I can’t imagine the pain he’s going through right now.” “We do what we should have done when he found out Vader was his dad. He stand by him and help him through this. We’re not going to leave him to suffer and blame himself like last time. Now, in my defence of last time, I was frozen in carbonite, but I don’t know what your excuse is.” “Han,” Leia warned. “I’m just messing with you,” Han squeezed Leia. “But I’m serious, we need to stand behind Luke.” “And we’re not going to let him blame himself and do something drastic.” Little did they know, he already had. “Looking for something in particular?” Luke jumped nearly a foot when he was caught by Doctor Kalonia raiding the medical closet of her office. “Doctor Kalonia! I didn’t hear you come in,” Luke said, trying to calm his heartrate back to normal. “You didn’t answer my question,” Kalonia said pointedly. “Uh,” Luke looked back at the closet. “I was having troubles sleeping and wanted to find something for that.” “Really? Because your bag is filled being topped with what looks like basic first aid supplies,” Kalonia stared at the duffle bag at Luke’s feet that was filled with clothing, food, weapons, credit chips, and other such provisions. “Planning a trip?” “Sort of,” Luke confessed. “Look, if we could keep this just between us…” “Alright, but only because I like you Master Skywalker,” Kalonia carefully looked Luke over. “I’m sorry for your loss, Luke. Felicity, Rey, and the other deserved better.” “Well, I’m just glad someone other than me survived.” “I’m glad I caught you, actually… if it was because you’re raiding my supplies. I’ve been meaning to ask you something.” “What’s that?” “Your sister has asked me to join the medical team of the Resistance. I told her I would be honoured, but my first duty is to the Jedi Order.” “Doctor, if you want to join the Resistance, that would be fine with me,” Luke said. “I know,” Kalonia nodded. “But that’s not what I was getting after. If you need me, I’ll stay, but if I don’t have a job anymore…” “I’m afraid I don’t understand what you’re getting at.” “Luke, will you be rebuilding the Order?” Kalonia asked. “If yes, I’ll stay on, but if you’re not…” Luke looked down, “I’m afraid that the Jedi Order is going to be put on hold for a while.” Kalonia nodded, understanding the words that Luke dare not utter, “I understand. I’ll tell Leia in the morning that it would be my honour to serve the Resistance.” “I’m glad of it.” A silence hung in the room. “Luke,” Kalonia finally said. “I know you’ve been through something traumatic, but be careful, you don’t want to do anything rash.” Luke smiled, “Thank you.” “If you ever wanted to talk to someone I can recommend a few therapists who might help you.” Luke laughed, “I think I’ve been a lost cause to therapists ever since I found out the man who cut off my hand was my father and that I’d made out with my twin sister.” Kalonia couldn’t suppress her chuckle. “Here,” Kalonia reached up and grabbed a small box, “it’s a first aid kit that has a few more advanced things your average kit doesn’t.” “Thank you,” Luke smiled and put the kit in his bag. “It’s been an honour to serve you, Luke.” “The honour’s all mine.” “If you ever need anything, don’t hesitate to ask.” Luke shook Kalonia’s hand and picked up the bag, “Goodbye my friend.” “May the Force be with you.” “And with you.” Luke thought he was in the clear when he made it to his X-Wing unnoticed. He had stored his bag in the hatch when he heard a familiar beeping. “Quiet, Artoo,” Luke ordered as Artoo rolled towards him. “I don’t want anyone to hear me.” Artoo beeped something. “I’m… going away for a while.” Beep beep. “No, I’m not sure where.” Bop, beep, bleep. “No… you’re not coming with me.” BEEP, BEEP, BOP, BOOP, BLIP! “Because I need to be on my own for a while.” Bleep. Luke sighed, defeat lining his voice, “I can’t do it anymore, Artoo. I can’t stay here knowing what happened to my students… and my girls.” Beep, beep, boop. “I do want you to come, but it’s just not for the best.” Bloop, bee, boo. “Well… there is one thing you can do.” Bee? “Hide the map. The one to Ahch-to. Don’t let anyone know you have it.” Boop, bop, beep. “No, I don’t know if I’m going there, but just in case…” Bee, bee, bee. “Yes, I’m sure about this.” Suddenly Artoo rammed into Luke’s leg. At first Luke thought Artoo was attacking him as Artoo did from time to time when he was determined to stop Luke. Then Luke recognized what Artoo was saying and realized Artoo was giving his imitation of a hug. “I’m going to miss you too, buddy,” Luke patted Artoo’s dome. “Thank you for everything. I owe you for so much.” Beep, bop, boop. “No, Artoo, I won’t forget it,” Luke chuckled. “Goodbye my friend. I hope we see each other again.” And with that, Luke climbed into the cockpit and flew away. Blaming himself, Luke walked away from everything. Artoo watched him leave sadly. Luke had been the constant in Artoo’s life for twenty years, and the Skywalkers for decades before that. Artoo belonged to the Skywalkers, he loyally served Padmé Amidala, then Anakin Skywalker, then Leia Organa, and finally Luke Skywalker with eventually the addition of Rey Rhiaon Skywalker. Artoo was made to be their friend, his purpose was to help the Skywalkers, and he would belong to no other. Now Artoo was without one, he had no Skywalker to serve, and thus, no point to continue on. Masterless, Artoo did not know what next to do. And then he decided. Artoo’s dome turned to scan the room and he locked visual on the charge port. He wheeled himself up to it, plugged himself in, and switched into low power mode. Someday a Skywalker would return for him. He just had to wait. “Master Luke!” Threepio shuffled down the hallway in search of his former Master. There had been quite a commotion that morning when everyone woke to find Master Luke had disappeared. Several of his possessions were missing and Doctor Kalonia reported that Master Luke had discussed a trip the previous night, but Threepio wouldn’t believe it. Master Luke would not simply just run off of his own accord. Well… except that time Master Luke discovered Artoo had run away. … And that time Master Luke realized the Empire would have traced Artoo and himself to the Lars Homestead. … And that time on the Death Star when Master Luke convinced Captain Solo to rescue Princess Leia. … And that time Master Luke went with Artoo to Dagobah to meet Master Yoda. … And that time Master Luke left Master Yoda to rescue them on Bespin. … And that time Master Luke surrendered himself on Endor. ... And that time the terrible Captain Phasma had taken Mistress Felicity hostage while Mistress Felicity was carrying the developing fetus of Mistress Rey within her reproductive system. … And that time- Threepio’s hardware detected a pattern. Oh, dear. “Master Luke,” Threepio padded towards the garage of Reine Agim’s home. “Master Luke, where are you?” The others had taken to the woods and various buildings on Rornian to find Master Luke, but Threepio had been assigned Master Luke’s temporary residence. Determined not to let anyone down, Threepio was being most thorough in his examination of each room, but had yet to obtain a positive result. “Oh, Artoo, there you are,” Threepio said as he entered the garage. “Where have you been? Master Luke is missing and we need your help to find him.” Artoo said nothing. “Don’t you stay powered off,” Threepio chastised. “Look, Master Luke’s X-Wing is gone. He might be in danger. Wake up and come help us.” Artoo was silent. “Artoo, I am speaking to you!” Nothing. “… Artoo?” Threepio shuffled over to Artoo and tapped his dome. Still Artoo didn’t move. That was when Threepio recognized the signs of low power mode. “Artoo, wake up! Please wake up, my friend!” Nothing. “Artoo, please, loathe I am to admit it, I… I need you.” Nothing. “Artoo, please, is there anything I can do to get you to wake up?” But there wasn’t. No matter how much Threepio begged and pleaded, no matter how many people Threepio raced to, hysterically shouting the news and begging them to do something, no matter how many planets Threepio insisted Leia drag Artoo along with them to on the off chance that this time his pleaded would finally work… Artoo would not reply. It would be fourteen years before a Skywalker returned, and R2-D2 woke up. Chapter 11 : The Key to Ahch-to Summary: A look into the history of Luke Skywalker, Felicity Rhiaon, and the map to Ahch-to. Notes: So this chapter delves into some of the backstory of Felicity and the Rogue One mission. I’d like to make it clear that all of the backstory was plotted out before we got any information about Rogue One. That said, there ended up being some freakish similarities, but remember that this is not me trying to write the script for Rogue One. Much like how Felicity Rhiaon is not meant to be Jyn Erso, this is an interpretation of how events of Rogue One could have gone and how they went in the Rogue Love universe. Also to those of you that want to complain about the fact that is a flashback chapter mostly focusing on Felicity and not moving the story forward really at all, I want to say this. Today is my birthday, and if I want to write a chapter that is 90 percent Felicity flashbacks, then I’m going to write a chapter that’s 90 percent Felicity flashbacks. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The Long Way Home Chapter Eleven The Key to Ahch-to Let us pause the narrative for a moment to discuss an important element of the forthcoming story. Years later, when news of the map to Luke Skywalker broke, many people would have questions about it. Where did the map come from? How did Luke get it? Why did he follow it? How long had he known about it? Why didn’t he tell anyone about it? Who else knew about it? How did Lor San Tekka come into possession of it? And why on earth was there a piece cut out of it? There are answers to each of those questions, and surprisingly enough it actually all starts with Felicity Rhiaon… Six Months Before the Battle of Yavin “Again!” Diego Nalto, a twenty-eight-year-old pilot for the Rebellion, codenamed Rogue Two ordered. Riz Drayson, a twenty-four-year-old hacker/technician codenamed Rogue Five struggled to get to his feet on the gymnasium exercise mat as he shakily gripped a staff. “Is this really necessary?” Riz asked. “I mean, what’s the likelihood that we’ll have to use staffs to fight the Empire?” “Come now,” his sparring partner, Ji-Dan Hayato, a fifty-year-old soldier codenamed Rogue Three smiled at Riz, holding his signature staff casually. “Are you really afraid of fighting a blind man?” “I am when that blind man has knocked me on my ass six times today,” Riz rubbed one of his many bruises. “Come on, Riz! You can do it!” Felicity Rhiaon, a twenty-one-year-old recruitment officer codenamed Rogue One cheered from the belchers. Diego shot her a look, “Don’t you have work to do, Rhiaon?” “Oh, what, and miss the warmth of your company?” Felicity shot before flicking on her tablet to study the details of their mission for the thousandth time. “Settle down, kids,” ordered Wen ‘Gunner’ Arroyo, a forty-six-year-old soldier codenamed Rogue Four. He was lounging on the bleachers next to Felicity, cleaning his huge stockpile of blasters. “We’re all on the same team here. Who cares who gets to be in charge, or who has a higher status rank normally? The enemy won’t care who is Rogue One and who is Rogue Two when they’re shooting at us.” “Hey, he started it,” Felicity muttered. “And a commander should know better than rise to bait,” Diego shot. “Nalto, I will come down there,” Gunner warned. Diego shuddered. “Shall we try again?” Ji-Dan asked Riz. Riz whimpered. “Begin!” Diego ordered. Five seconds later, Riz was back on the ground. “Alright,” Riz weakly crawled across the mat, “I’m tagging out.” “Rogue Five, get back here!” Diego commanded. “Honestly, Drayson you’re going undercover in two months and you still can’t fight back properly. Do you want to get killed?” “That’s enough, Nalto!” Felicity snapped. “I’m in charge here and I say that Riz has earned a break.” Diego rolled his eyes, “Yes, because a recruitment officer knows best when it comes to training for combat. Remind me, Rhiaon, how many combat missions have you taken part in? Twenty? Thirty? Oh right, your entire combat history consists of one time you got arrested at a protest, and then let go when the arresting officer turned out to be your father.” “I wouldn’t dismiss such an event out of hand, Lieutenant Nalto.” Ji-Dan reminded, “It’s the entire reason we have this mission in the first place.” “He’s right,” Felicity said, setting down her tablet. “It’s my father’s offer to give Riz and I a job if we ever want to come back to the Empire that’s getting us into the Death Star.” Felicity couldn’t fight back the memory of the deal Alaric Rhiaon had put forth two years earlier when she and Riz got arrested by him at a protest. Riz had only been dragged into the mess because Alaric had caught him with Felicity. In all fairness, they should have avoided each other in such a public space. That screw up was on them. She could still recall the desperation in her father’s eyes as he begged her to come home. It had been a few years since the day Alaric told his daughter that if she walked out the door, she could never come back. Felicity had walked out with no regrets and not a glance back. Yet as she stood before him years later, she found that Alaric did regret his ultimatum. After losing his wife to illness, and his son to a bomb going off in the middle of a town square, Felicity was all Alaric had left. But then came the revelation that the bombing that killed Brendan Rhiaon had been a set up by the Empire in an effort to pin it on the Rebels to garner support in the fight against the Alliance. The incident had pushed Felicity straight into the arms of the Rebellion. It had been Alaric’s refusal to accept the circumstances of Brendan’s death that caused Felicity to leave home and disavow him as her father. Even worse was what Felicity later learned after joining the Rebellion. She had been destroyed by the knowledge that Brendan had been planning to join the Alliance, and when the Empire discovered it, he was specifically targeted to not only be killed by the explosion, but to have his death filmed and used as the face of the tragedy. Perhaps it was Alaric’s refusal to accept that fact that made Felicity have no qualms about using him to get inside of the Death Star. “Riz and I are going to be undertaking the most dangerous part of this mission,” Felicity said. “We’ll be living for several months as employees on the Death Star. Of the five of us, Riz and I are the ones most likely not to make it out of there alive.” A heavy silence fell upon the men of her team. Even Diego looked like he was taking Felicity seriously. “So that means if Riz is tagging out of training today…” Felicity climbed down the bleachers, grabbed Riz’s training staff, and stepped onto the training mat. She faced Ji-Dan with an eager grin, “ I’m tagging in.” Sensing Felicity’s smile from her lighthearted tone, Ji-Dan returned the expression and bowed his head respectfully to his opponent. “It is an honour, Rogue One,” Ji-Dan held out his staff in front of him in a customary salute. “The honour is all mine, Rogue Three,” Felicity repeated the custom, signalling to everyone that the duel may proceed. Felicity was on the ground in less than five minutes. “Ok, seriously, what is your trick?” Felicity groaned as she struggled to stand up. She was as always amazed when Ji-Dan offered his hand in the exact correct spot to pull her to her feet. “You’re blind as a bat yet I’m pretty sure you’ve cracked my tailbone.” “Then let’s get you to your seat,” Ji-Dan helped Felicity hobble to the bench Riz was sitting on. “And it’s no trick you can’t learn yourself. I just simply trust the Force.” “The Force?” Felicity shot Riz a confused look. “What’s that?” “It’s complicated.” Ji-Dan struggled to explain, “It’s a sort of energy that binds the world together and dictates the order of things. Not quite a God, but it’s more than destiny.” “Destiny? There’s no such thing,” Felicity resisted the urge to roll her eyes. He may be blind and saying ridiculous things but Ji-Dan was one of her closest friends. “Wait, the Force?” Riz frowned. “Are you talking about the whole Jedi thing?” “In part,” Ji-Dan nodded. “The Jedi were a significant influence on our knowledge of the Force, but you don’t need Force Sensitivity to tap into its might. Everyone has at least a small part of themselves that can connect to the Force and harness its power. The Jedi were just more adept at it.” “Oh please,” Riz laughed. “Everyone knows that the Jedi are just a myth. A bedtime story when your kids won’t sleep.” “Are you kidding?” Diego asked in genuine disbelief. “How young are you? The Jedi were absolutely a real thing. They fought in the Clone Wars. I remember growing up and seeing them on the HoloNet.” “The Jedi were amazing,” Gunner agreed. “Especially the Grandmaster. Yoda may have been small and green, but that alien was impressive.” “Nah, you know who I liked?” Diego asked. “It was that really famous one. The one all over the HoloNet. I can’t remember his name right now but they called him something like the Fearless Hero?” “You mean the Hero with No Fear? Anakin Skywalker?” “Yes! That’s the one! Anakin Skywalker! Now there’s a heroic sounding name! I’d follow someone named Skywalker into battle any day!” Felicity scoffed, “Oh please, Anakin Skywalker? Sounds like a pompous ass who would throw a temper tantrum that would level a building.” “Hey, are you insulting Anakin Skywalker?” Diego sounded even more aggressive than usual. “Why? Does it bug you?” Felicity smirked. “Don’t play with me, sister. You wanna take this outside?” “We’re in space . We take this outside, we die.” “Children!” Gunner snapped. Normally the adults would get defensive at being reduced to a child, but when Gunner called them it, Felicity and Diego would shut up before he was forced to do anything drastic. Ji-Dan just chuckled, “Bicker all you want, but the Jedi were real.” “What happened to them?” Riz inquired. Ji-Dan’s face hardened, “The Emperor and Darth Vader eliminated them and destroyed all of their temples. There’s rumors some Jedi managed to survive, but until the day they return, we’re stuck with waiting for it to arrive.” “For what to arrive?” Felicity asked. Ji-Dan smiled at her, “For a new hope. For someone to take up the reins, rebuild the temples, and bring the return of the Jedi. I’ve studied the Force and the history of the Jedi for years, and I want to witness the return of the Jedi Order. But more than anything, I think I would love to see a Jedi Temple.” Felicity couldn’t help but smile. She had to admit she was intrigued by the story. As little as she cared for destiny – and how much she doubted the abilities she had heard Jedi were rumored to have – Felicity like the idea that they were actually waiting for something special. A new hope. That didn’t sound bad to her at all. 35 Days Before the Battle of Yavin “And… in!” Riz cried as loud as he dared to risk. Breaking into not only the quarters of the second-in-command of the Empire, but also Vader’s personal computer was far too impressive to blow it all on a victory shout getting overheard. “Good job,” Ji-Dan patted Riz’s shoulder as he stood next to the seated technician at the Vader’s desk. “Yeah, great work, Kid,” Gunner congratulated as he stood guard at the door ready to blast anyone who discovered what they were doing. “Now, hurry up before we get caught.” Diego remained expressionless as he guarded the door with guard and Riz hacked his way through Vader’s computer. “Come on, it’s only a test run,” Diego urged. “Get in and get out quick.” “I know,” Riz waved them off. “I’m just trying to find a piece of data that’s expendable. Something they won’t notice I’ve deleted.” “Just pick something from the Aureks and do it already!” Diego restrained a scream. He spoke into his com, “Rogue One, do you read?” “I read, Rogue Two,” Felicity’s voice answered. “How we doing for time?” “Well, we’re lucky Vader doesn’t arrive on the station until tomorrow, but we’re cutting it close.” “Alright, keep them stalled as long as possible.” “I thought I was the one giving orders, Rogue Two. Speaking of. Guys, be prepared to get out of here if this doesn’t work. If we can’t pull and delete a meaningless piece of data, we have no chance to get the Death Star plans.” “I don’t get why they want us to delete anything in the first place,” Gunner shook his head. “If we delete the Death Star plans, they’ll know we’ve stolen them.” “It’s better that they don’t have the plans so that if we find a weakness they won’t know what it is,” Ji-Dan answered. He patted Riz’s shoulder again, “How are you doing?” “I’ve got the files starting with Aurek open, but I don’t know what to delete,” Riz reported. “Alright, read the names to me and I’ll tell you what to delete.” “Well… he has over ten thousand files concerning something called Amidala… And he’s meticulously numbered them and keep detailed names. Listen to this: ‘378 - Amidala, age 24, white drees, Tatooine’ ‘1576 - Amidala, age 25, purple outfit, speech at Alderaan anti-war conference, 6:48 minutes long’ ‘9765 - Amidala, age 27, blue dress, pictured with Bail Organa, Mon Mothma, Chancellor Palpatine.’ Man, it sounds like whoever this Amidala is, she’s got a Sith Lord stalker.” “If Vader is that meticulous about this information, he’ll probably notice if any disappears,” Ji-Dan said. “What else is there?” “Let’s see… Alderaan… Anakin Skywalker… Anti-Slavery Bill, Draft 14 – odd I never thought Vader one for politics,” Riz shrugged. “Uh… Ahsoka Tano… Antilles, Bail… Air Force Special Flight Ops Manifest… Ahch-to… Academy Applications, Suspicious Files-” “Wait, what was the last one?” Ji-Dan interrupted. “Oh, the Empire keeps tabs on applicants to the Imperial Academy,” Riz replied. “No, Ahch-to,” Ji-Dan corrected. “What’s that file?” Riz typed a few things, “It looks like a map to an uncharted planet. Why, what’s Ahch-to?” “It’s a very special place,” Ji-Dan smiled, recalling the day he read about the first Jedi Temple. “And one I don’t want Vader destroying. Can you use this file for our test?” “Well…” Riz checked the data, “It’s a little too big to delete without anyone noticing.” “Can you cut a piece out of it?” Riz gave Ji-Dan a surprised look, “That’s an odd request.” “Vader cannot peruse this map,” Ji-Dan said, praying that Vader had not had time to use it. Luckily for him, Vader had in fact not used the map yet. “Can you destroy his ability to?” “Let’s find out,” Riz pulled from his shirt a small drawstring bag that hung around his neck. From the bag, he pulled out a data chip and plugged it into the computer. After several minutes of tense typing, Riz announced his results, “I did it! I copied a piece of the map onto the chip, and I deleted it from the computer. Now there’s no record of this piece of the map in any Imperial archive!” “Rogue One,” Diego reported into his comm, “Rogue Five was successful.” “Great job, Rogue Five!” Felicity congratulated. “Do you think we’ll be able to pull off the real heist anytime soon?” “The computers are sending out their automatic reports to the main Imperial archives in approximately thirty-seven hours,” Riz answered. “There will be so much data transferring that us pulling the plans will go unnoticed. Rest easy, Rogue One, two days from now you’ll be buying me a drink in celebration.” 33 Days Before the Battle of Yavin The blast hit Riz straight in the chest and he collapsed to the ground. “NO!” Felicity screamed as she and the others exchanged shots with the Stormtroopers her own father had called in when he discovered them stealing the Death Star plans. Alaric looked guilty in the glow of the blast fight as he accidentally murdered what appeared to be his daughter’s best friend. As an Imperial Officer, Alaric was required to shoot at the Rebels, but he had intentionally been missing, firing shots near, but not actually at Felicity. That way he could say he fulfilled his duty without harming his daughter. He just hadn’t planned on Riz Drayson jerking himself backward to dodge a bolt, putting himself right in the path of the one Alaric had just fired. “I’ve got your back!” Diego nodded to Felicity. “Get the chip!” Felicity dropped to her knees and crawled to Riz. “Riz, hey, it’s Fliss,” Felicity grasped his bloody shirt and shook him. “Come on, buddy, stay with us.” “I- I’m sorry,” Riz gave Felicity puppy dog eyes as he gripped the drawstring pouch in his hand. He was so ashamed at his failure. “I got the plans… but I couldn’t delete them from the Imperial system.” “It’s alright,” Felicity assured him. “You did great. Now, come on. On your feet. Let’s get out of here.” “No, Fliss. It’s the end of the line for me; we both know it. Don’t weigh yourself down with my corpse. I’m already dead.” “Riz,” Felicity whispered, tears shining in her eyes. “Take it,” Riz pressed the pouch into her hand. “And promise me one thing.” “Name it.” “Promise me that you’ll do whatever it takes to get the plans to the Rebellion, and if for any reason you have to transmit the plans to someone else, promise you’ll delete the original copy on this chip. I- I don’t want them to build another one of these stations.” Felicity smiled, “I promise.” Holding Felicity’s hand tightly, Riz gave an exhale of relief. He would not inhale. Pressing her head to his chest, Felicity wept over the corpse of her best friend. She could feel her father’s guilty eyes on her. Because of a single blast, Felicity no longer had a best friend. … Nor did she have a father. 2 Days Before the Battle of Yavin “I’m going to Tatooine, and you can’t stop me,” Felicity boldly declared. The hanger bay was dark and mostly empty save for a few pilots watching the stand-off between Felicity Rhiaon and Mon Mothma. “I understand that you have been through a lot, Miss Rhiaon,” Mon Mothma calmly said. “A lot?” Felicity snapped. “I did not spend months undercover as an Imperial, lost Riz, Ji-Dan, and Gunner, betrayed my father, took a freaking lightsaber to the back, and then spent a month alone with Nalto on Jakku so that the Empire could destroy Alderaan!” The announcement of the destruction of Alderaan had hit the Alliance hard. The death of Bail Organa had left Mon Mothma in charge, but she never expected it would affect Felicity Rhiaon enough to lead the girl to attempt to steal a ship to go after the wayward Death Star plans. “Leia and Bail Organa are dead because of me!” Felicity exclaimed. “It took me a month to get in contact with the Alliance and then I blow it all on transmitting the plans to Leia rather than wait for my transport to arrive the next day. It’s my fault Vader attacked her ship and killed everyone on board. It’s my fault the Death Star destroyed Alderaan. I have to get those plans. I have to wash this blood from my hands. I have to make sure it wasn’t all a waste.” The gravity of everything finally set in and Felicity broke down. She fell to her knees in front of the X-Wing she was trying to steal and sobbed. Never mind that she had no clue on how to fly it, she had just been so determined to get to Tatooine pesky details like that hadn’t occurred to her. Felicity didn’t care that she was crying in front of a bunch of strange pilots and the head of the Rebel Alliance. There was no one to comfort her. Most of her friends were dead, and those that were living had gone away. Felicity was on the Joorvan Rebel base, a base not far from Mon Mothma’s home planet, Chandrila. Diego was on a med ship orbiting an uninhabited planet called Rornian. Shara Bey had been assigned to report to the Verenis base after she had delivered Felicity and Diego. Finally, Biggs Darklighter, her first recruit – and occasional friends with benefits – had been stationed on the Yavin IV base awaiting the Death Star plans. The plan had been to meet up when Felicity brought the plans, but that had gone awry when Felicity never made it to Yavin IV. She had in fact been planning to comm Biggs on her way to Tatooine to see if he could help her in the search for the plans, but Mothma had put a stop to Felicity’s escape plan. Mon Mothma had the tendency to feel a little cold with her elegant posture and posh accent. Her fair features gave the impression of an ice queen, and her intolerance for antics made Felicity certain Mothma hated her. So Felicity was greatly surprised when Mothma crouched to the ground and wrapped her arms around Felicity as she cried. “It’s alright, Miss Rhiaon,” Mothma said in a motherly tone. “War is difficult for us all. We lose people we love, but we continue to fight to protect those we do have now, and those we will have in the future. I had to learn that lesson a long time ago, and I still struggle with it now. But one thing I have learned is that you will never be alone in life. Friends come and go. Family does the same. In ten years, the people you spend your life with will not be the same as today. But we will never forget those we lose.” “Yes, we will,” Felicity bitterly shot. “No one’s going to remember what I’ve done. No one is going to care who stole the plans to the Death Star. If we fail to get them back, I’ll just be that girl who tried to steal them. If we do get them back, but the Empire finds and destroys us, I’ll be the girl who killed us all. And if we get them back and destroy them? No one will care about anyone other than the arrogant pilot or bomb team, or whatever that sets the charge or fires the shot that destroys it. No one will care that Riz, Ji-Dan, and Gunner died for the plans.” Mon Mothma let the silence linger before saying, “Yes, they will care, and if you come with me, Miss Rhiaon, I’ll show you why. You just have to promise to stop trying to steal the ship.” Felicity sniffled, “Alright. Couldn’t get the damn thing off the ground anyway.” Mon Mothma just laughed. “I want you to have this,” Mon Mothma pulled something out of a drawer in her office. Felicity frowned, recognizing the drawstring pouch, “The data pouch?” “We checked it to make sure the plans weren’t still on them.” “Riz asked me to delete it if I had to transmit them,” Felicity explained. “I understand the reasoning,” Mothma replied. “The test data wasn’t anything too important, but we decided not to wipe it. However, because it isn’t important, I’m at liberty to give this to you.” “You want me to have it?” Felicity scowled as she took the pouch. “A memento of your adventures and reminder that your friends didn’t die for nothing. Their legacy will live on, and their efforts will be appreciated. With this you can remind people of their sacrifices.” “Thank you… Commander.” Felicity hesitated. “What is it?” Mothma asked. “Riz couldn’t delete the Death Star plans from the Imperial Database,” Felicity explained. “…and as he died, he worried that the Imperials might build another.” Mothma frowned, “I certainly hope they don’t.” “If they do, can you promise me two things?” “What’s that?” “First, don’t let anyone forget the sacrifices of the team who gets the intel on the new Death Star.” “Consider it done,” Mothma nodded. She would follow through on that promise four years later when she emphasised the death of Bothan spies to a room full of Alliance leaders. “What’s the other request?” Felicity replied, “I want to be told in person about it. Don’t let me hear it from the grapevine. I’ve earned that much.” “I will make sure of that too,” Mothma made the second promise she would follow through on. When news arrived of the second Death Star, Felicity Rhiaon and Diego Nalto were escorted into a room and privately told. Felicity Rhiaon flipped over a desk, and Diego Nalto put a chair through the window. Neither objected to the stripping of certain privileges as punishment… though they weren’t happy about having to fix the window. “You know,” Felicity sniffed, tying the pouch around her neck. It felt heavy, like she was bearing the physical weight of her friends’ legacies, “Ji-Dan told me that the reason we’re fighting this war is because we’re waiting for a new hope… Maybe… Maybe I can help us find it.” “I hope you can,” Mon Mothma said. “I promise you, Miss Rhiaon, these sacrifices will not go to waste.” Mon Mothma’s third promise would also come true. Two days later, a Rebel pilot would blow up the Death Star, killing all on board, including Alaric Rhiaon. Thirteen years later, Felicity Rhiaon married the pilot who killed him. 13 Years After the Battle of Yavin “Thank you so much, Alyla for letting me use your computer,” Felicity said as she powered up the Jedi Master’s personal computer. Newlyweds Luke and Felicity Rhiaon Skywalker were temporarily staying in the home of Jedi Master Alyla Kene as Luke attended to some business in Temple Village. Due to the fact that the Grandmaster didn’t actually have a standing residence on Rornian, Felicity found that she and her husband were forced to play “musical house guests” rotating between which Jedi they would impose upon during their visits. “Anytime,” Alyla replied as she casually perused her bookshelf for some form of entertainment. “Just don’t open personal files.” “Yeah, considering you have a weird on-again, off-again thing with Lando Calrissian of all people, I certainly don’t want to know what you’re taking pictures of,” Felicity grinned. “Although, I sometimes wonder if it’s just charm that gets women flocking to him.” “Shut up!” Alyla blushed bright red and threw a notebook at the laughing Felicity. “Ok, seriously, who has paper notebooks these days?” Alyla shook her head. It was going to be an interesting week alone with the new Mrs. Rhiaon Skywalker. While Luke had his typical Grandmaster duties, Felicity didn’t have anything to do in Temple Village. She was three months away from the construction of her and Luke’s home from being completed, and she was five months away from finishing her architecture degree and taking on the duties of architect to Temple Village. Alyla didn’t have anything to do either. Usually she was in charge of training the children of Temple Village, but she had the week off while her twin brother Gavyn Kene and his wife Zena Halcorr had taken them on a field trip to the crystal caves of Illum. Alyla typically took her weeks off to meet up with Lando, but those plans were halted when it came up as her turn to host Luke and Felicity. Alyla strongly suspected that the roster had been tampered with considering that Luke and Felicity had only been married two weeks, and they were definitely still in the honeymoon phase. Between the other Jedi Masters being married, having children in their house, jealous of the Grandmaster’s choice of wife, or generally having a stronger backbone than Alyla, Alyla was fairly certain she had been the target of “who isn’t going to tell the newlyweds to knock it off?” Although she had certainly put her foot down earlier than day in the kitchen. Honeymoon phase or not, there were some things one didn’t want to see over breakfast. Speaking of honeymoons… “You and Luke are going on your honeymoon next week, right?” Alyla asked. Felicity frowned, “Are you still upset about breakfast? We said sorry. We weren’t even doing anything that bad.” “I’m not trying to get rid of you,” Alyla laughed. “Just making conversation. Although seriously, stay away from my kitchen table.” “And if we don’t?” Felicity teased. “I’ll tell you all the things Lando and I have done on it.” Felicity shuddered, “Okay, you win. And yes, we’re going next week.” “How exciting! Where are you headed, and for how long? Luke isn’t scheduled to come back to Rornian for another two months.” “We’re spending a month on Takodana. Han has a friend who found us a nice villa by the ocean. Maz is… a little odd, but a very good friend.” “That just sounds wonderful,” Alyla sighed. “I should take a vacation.” “If it’s with Lando, promise not to show me any Holos.” Alyla shook her head and watched as Felicity plugged a data chip into the computer. “What’s that?” Alyla asked. “The Museum of Rebellion History on Yavin IV is doing a whole exhibit on the Rogue Squadron Death Star Mission,” Felicity replied. “They asked if they could borrow the data chip and pouch that held the plans so they can display it for about year. I told them yes, but I want to wipe the chip first in case someone tries to steal it. The plans are gone, but we still have our test file on it and I don’t want it falling into the wrong hands.” “What’s in the test file?” “No clue. Boys did that part of the mission by themselves. Let’s see here, file name ‘Test’… and open.” The room was suddenly filled with the projection of a star chart with a red line traced through it. “A star map?” Alyla raised a brow. “Only part,” Felicity scowled at it. “It’s not complete. What in the galaxy did they pull, and why ?” “Here,” Alyla came up to the computer and switched off the projection. She took control from Felicity and explained, “Zena taught me a few hacking tricks from when we would fudge the slave records during operation on Zygerria. If I do this… There, the name of the source file was… No way.” “The file was called, ‘No Way?’” Alyla looked at Felicity in excitement, “It was called ‘Map to Ahch-to!’” “What’s an Ahch-to?” “What’s an Ahch-to? What’s an Ahch-to ?” Alyla exclaimed. “Repeating my question does not answer it.” “Afternoon, Ladies,” Luke suddenly walked into the room followed by Artoo. He automatically crossed the room to greet Felicity with a kiss, “I missed you.” Felicity nuzzled him, “I missed you too.” “He was gone an hour,” Alyla rolled her eyes. Luke shook his head, “Sometimes I wonder how with your cynicism, you and Lando ever got together.” “Alyla and I were discussing that very thing earlier, weren’t we?” Felicity teased. “I will throw this at you again,” Alyla brandished the notebook threateningly. Luke chuckled. “Do you want to sleep alone tonight?” Felicity gently punched his arm. She smiled as Luke pressed a kiss to her cheek and wrapped his arm around her. “Hey, Sweetheart, what’s Ahch-to?” “Ahch-to?” Luke repeated in surprise. “Would everyone stop repeating the word Ahch-to and just tell me what it is?” Felicity exclaimed. Luke shook his head, “Ahch-to is a lost planet that was home to the first Jedi Temple. I would kill to visit there.” “Huh,” Felicity casually turned the computer screen away from Luke. “Interesting.” “Where did you hear the name?” “A… HoloNovel about Jedi. Sort of a romance/fantasy/one credit bin at a fueling station thing.” Luke winced, “Ugh. Next time save yourself the money. Pretty much all romance novels concerning fictionalized versions of Jedi are terrible.” “Agreed.” “Hey, Alyla?” Luke looked at the Jedi who had been watching them in curious amusement. “Have any packages arrived for me?” “No,” Alyla wondered why Felicity hadn’t told Luke about the map. “Why? Are you expecting something?” “For Artoo over there,” Luke jerked his head towards R2-D2 in the corner. Luke looked quite annoyed, “Apparently he hasn’t been wiped in almost fifty years, and since he refuses to delete any extra data as ‘you never know when it’ll come in handy’ I had to purchase extra memory storage chips for him.” Artoo beeped something from the corner. “No, don’t you try to defend yourself,” Luke rolled his eyes. “You steal and hoard data like your battery will die if you don’t.” Beep, beep, boop. “Artoo, you downloaded a copy of the entire Imperial database when we were on the Death Star!” Felicity’s ears perked up. Beep, bop, beep. Luke rubbed the bridge of his nose, “No, I’m sure you don’t see a problem with that.” Alyla chuckled, “And people ask me why I don’t want a droid.” “Honestly, sometimes I feel like he’s my child I have to look after.” Boop, bop, beep. “Yes, Artoo, I am aware that you are older than my father.” Beep. “And my mother too,” Luke sighed. He leaned over and quickly kissed Felicity who was staring at something on the computer, “Sorry to run off so quickly. I have a class to teach with Zena.” “Oh, that’s alright,” Felicity pulled him back in for another quick kiss. “I’ll see you at dinner. I love you.” “I love you too,” Luke gave her his signature goofy grin. “Come on, Artoo.” “Actually,” Felicity interrupted. “Do you mind if I borrowed Artoo for a bit? I wanted to double check a couple details about our house.” “Of course,” Luke nodded. “And feel free to change or adjust or outright get rid of anything you want. You’ve been designing this home since you were a teenager, I want it to be the house of your dreams.” “Honestly, kudos on your choice of husband, Felicity,” Alyla nudged Felicity. “I wish someone would build me a house as a wedding present.” “If you worked things out with Lando, I’m pretty sure he would give you the entirety of Cloud City,” Felicity replied. “She does have a point,” Luke teased. “My wedding gift to you was pretty amazing. I don’t know how your present to me could ever top it. Have you thought of anything yet?” Felicity grinned, “I have an idea. Now off you go. Zena will not accept ‘I was late for class because I was bantering with my wife’ as an excuse.” “And Gavyn will make fun of you for it,” Alyla added. “Alright, alright, I’m leaving,” Luke chuckled. “I’ll see you tonight.” And with that Luke was gone. “So,” Alyla turned to Felicity, “what is this big wedding present idea?” Felicity turned on the projection of Ahch-to. “What better present for the Jedi Grandmaster than a map to the first Jedi Temple?” Felicity grinned. “Artoo? Is it true what Luke said? Do you have a copy of the Imperial database?” Beep, bop. “Can you find a file named ‘Map to Ahch-to?’” A minute later the room was filled with a projection of the full star chart, the projection of Felicity’s piece fitting in perfectly. “Bingo,” Felicity chuckled. “Artoo, call Maz Kanata. I have to adjust our honeymoon plans.” “Keep your eyes closed,” Felicity covered Luke’s eyes with her hands as she stood behind the pilot’s chair on the private shuttle they had rented for their honeymoon. “Felicity, Sweetheart I can’t land the ship if my eyes are closed,” Luke laughed. “Come on, I know you diverted our travel plans to have a stay over at another planet. Would you just tell me what the big surprise is so that I can launch the landing sequence without pulling a Rhiaon?” “You know calling a ship crash ‘pulling a Rhiaon’ is not going to win you any brownie points with me.” “No, but this will.” Felicity yelped as Luke suddenly pulled her into his lap. She laughed as she reclined across his lap, his arm wrapped firmly around her waist to stop her from falling. Felicity arched her neck as he trailed fervent kisses up it. Felicity let out a moan as his lips hit the special spot right behind her earlobe that always made her go wild. “Oh, yes, that’s the spot,” Felicity groaned. “Now do I get to have my surprise?” Luke nuzzled the sensitive skin of her neck. “Alright, you’ve earned it,” Felicity grinned. “But you still have to close your eyes.” “Fine, but if we crash the ship, your bank account is the one paying the rental company for repairs.” “Deal. Now close them.” When the world went black, Luke felt his wife’s small hand wrap around his wrist. Relaxing his hand, Luke allowed Felicity to guide it towards her. His hand felt something warm and soft as she set it on what felt like the center of her chest. Luke grinned. “You know, Felicity, if you wanted to make love on the ship, all you had to do was ask,” Luke began trailing his hand down her breast only to be surprised by a smack. “Hands where put them, Mister,” Felicity chastised bringing his hand back to the original spot. “There will be plenty of time for that later. Right now we’re focusing on your surprise.” “And what is my surprise?” “Feel and find out.” “I just tried and got smacked for it.” “My neck, Luke. Feel what’s hanging around my neck.” His hand shifted to find a cord hanging from her neck. Gripping the string, he ran his hand down and extracted a small drawstring pouch from underneath her shirt. “Can I open my eyes now?” Luke asked. “Go ahead,” Felicity consented. Luke opened his eyes to observe the drawstring pouch around Felicity’s neck. It looked familiar, but he couldn’t place where he had seen it before. It was definitely Felicity’s possession, but he couldn’t recall the significance of it. “Open it,” Felicity urged. Luke did and find a small data chip inside. He failed to make the connection. “I don’t understand,” Luke frowned. Felicity grinned, “Good. Now, I’ve put some coordinates in the computer. Land us there and put on your hiking boots. We’ve got a bit of a walk ahead of us.” “How many freaking stairs are on this hill?” Felicity exclaimed as she and Luke walked up the ancient path built into the mountains. “I can’t answer that considering I don’t know where we are,” Luke pointed out. He looked in interest as they came upon a cluster of strange huts shaped something like a beehive. “Felicity, does anyone live her? I don’t want to trespass.” “We’re alone, Luke,” Felicity answered. Luke paused, “So let me get this straight, the first day into our honeymoon you take me to a planet won’t tell me the name of, lead me to an island no one inhabits, and make me walk up a perilous cliff using stairs that are little more than ruins… Felicity, I trust you, but I have to ask. Has this been a long con where you married me for my money and now are going to kill me with no witnesses and claim it was an accident and take my fortune?” “Of course not!” Felicity grinned and grabbed his arm, “You haven’t amended your will to make me your beneficiary yet. I’ll kill you once you’ve done that.” Luke shook his head, unable to fight off his grin as Felicity laughed. “Come on,” Felicity quickly pecked him on the lips. “I think it’s just over this hill.” “Hey, what are you doing?” Luke frowned as Felicity suddenly started unclipping the lightsaber from his belt. Felicity looked up at Luke and smiled, “Luke, Sweetheart, I love you. You’re brave, and loyal, and kind, and loving… but you’re also a total drama queen. And I know that when you see your surprise, you’ll want to dramatically summon your lightsaber, ignite it, and strike a pose. So I thought I’d help.” Luke rolled his eyes, “I am not a drama queen.” “Luke… you literally delayed rescuing Han from Jabba the Hutt just so you could do a fancy backflip.” “I didn’t delay it for the backflip! …That was just a perk.” Felicity chuckled, “Oh, Luke, I love you. Now come on, give up the saber. You know you want to strike a dramatic pose.” Luke sighed, “…I suppose if there is the opportunity.” He handed over the saber to a chorus of Felicity’s laughter. “Let’s get moving,” Luke couldn’t help but crack a smile. As Felicity had expected, at the top of the hill, the steps ended, as a grassy summit lay before them. On the opposite ledge were several stones, most of them lining the edge of the cliff. One short slab of rock stood out among the rest. It looked like a grave marker, but Felicity knew what it really was. The couple walked forward into the summit, but Luke was surprised when Felicity suddenly came to a stop. “Go on,” Felicity said as she caught Luke’s confused expression. “Look at the stone.” Luke hesitated; he knew that whatever this place was, it would be special to him. He could feel the intensity of the Force on the island, not unlike the feeling of Dagobah. Luke was surprised and happy to see that Felicity had extended something Force based as her wedding gift to him, but it felt wrong not to share the moment of discovery with her. “It’s alright,” Felicity encouraged her husband. Though not a Force Sensitive, Felicity did have somewhat a grasp on being able to read Luke’s expressions and emotions. “Go on without me. I want you to have this.” Luke gave her a small smile and proceeded forward. He wasn’t sure what to expect, but he was in for a surprise as the slab of rock came better into view. Luke could see words etched upon it. “Here marks the site where the founding Grandmaster of the Jedi Order first made contact with the Force.” Luke looked up at Felicity in shock, “Is this…” Felicity grinned, held out his lightsaber and declared, “Luke Skywalker… welcome to Ahch-to.” Luke let out a disbelieving huff of air. There he was on Ahch-to, the home to the first Jedi Temple, standing where the first Grandmaster had started it all. As he looked at Felicity, he couldn’t help but lock the image of the scene into his mind. Standing across the summit was the woman he loved most in the galaxy. Brown hair tied back into a bun, hazel eyes shining at him in joy, arm outstretched, offering him his lightsaber. “Go on,” Felicity smirked. “You know you want to.” With a confident grin, Luke extended his hand and summoned his lightsaber. Igniting the brilliant emerald blade, Luke raised the saber and struck a dramatic pose worthy of a poster. Felicity couldn’t help but laugh at her husband’s larger than life antics. He may be a drama queen with delusions of grandeur and unfailing optimism, but Felicity wouldn’t want him any other way. Luke joined in the laughter as he met her eyes. They had a vibrant spark burning in them that showed up far too rarely. He couldn’t believe how lucky he was to have her. Despite all the trauma Felicity had endured, and mental defenses she put up as a result, she was still able to put aside her issues with the Force and give Luke the best wedding present he could imagine. And he had no idea how he was going to thank her. Luke and Felicity’s heavy pants filled the air as they lied next to the fire in one of the huts. Covered only by a thin blanket, their clothing was scattered about the floor. Felicity rested her head against Luke’s muscular chest and his arms were wrapped securely around her waist. “I told you there’d be time for that later,” Felicity grinned. “You know, as Jedi Grandmaster, I don’t think I was supposed to do that here,” Luke said, lazily brushing his fingers in random patterns against the soft skin of Felicity’s thigh. “I’m pretty sure we just desecrated a holy site.” “Luke, of all the things we usually do in the bedroom, we definitely didn’t desecrate this place as much as usual.” Felicity shifted onto her side so she was face to face with Luke. She ran a hand through his sandy hair and down his broad chest, “Besides, I don’t think the Jedi introduced the no attachments rule until they were long gone from this planet. I highly doubt you’re the first Jedi to bring a pretty girl into one of these huts.” “No, but I’ve definitely brought the most beautiful.” “Flatterer.” “I try.” Luke sighed, “I don’t want to go to Takodana tomorrow.” “I know, but Maz was already mad enough that I cut our trip short one day, I don’t think she’ll be too happy if we don’t show up tomorrow. Besides,” Felicity rolled over so that she was lying on top of him and rested her forehead against his, “the rest of the honeymoon is going to be mostly this anyways.” Luke chuckled, “I suppose it is.” He tilted his head up and captured her lips in a soft tender kiss. Felicity put her hand on his jaw, lightly pulling him in closer. Her eyes slipped close as Luke took charge, his lips caressing hers hungrily for several minutes. When they finally pulled apart, Luke smiled, “Felicity, promise me something.” “Anything,” Felicity vowed. Luke took a deep breath. “When we… When we have children,” Luke’s hand slid across the juncture of Felicity’s stomach and pelvis. His voice was almost a whisper. Though they had long ago discussed their desire to start a family, being still so newlywed had made the topic somewhat taboo. “Promise me that we’ll bring them here.” Felicity smiled, “I promise.” Luke kissed her again, and slowly as the fire died, Luke and Felicity fell asleep in each other’s arms. The last thought that ran through their minds before sleep claimed them was that they could never imagine feeling any emotion but pure love for each other. 15 Days Before the Burning of Rornian Felicity slammed the cup of hot chocolate on the desk in front of Luke. “I sense you’re mad at me,” Luke observed. “You think?” Felicity shot him a look before wrestling roughly with her office cabinets. Luke sat in silence, watching her as he took a measure sip from his cup. He winced as the boiling water scalded his tongue. He knew he had messed up when she made him drinks that hot. “Felicity,” Luke said politely, “when you took this job, we agreed that we wouldn’t let our personal issues interfere with our work relationship. When we are in this office we are professionals, not husband and wife. So if this display of anger is centered around a home issue, I must ask you to stop it and withhold it until we return to our home tonight. Can you consent to that?” Felicity gave Luke a very dangerous look. “… Please don’t live here for the next week,” Luke said meekly. Felicity rolled her eyes. “Ok, fine,” Luke conceded. “What’s wrong?” Felicity shot him a look, “A dining hall, Luke? Are you serious?” Luke frowned at the building proposal file on the desk he had given to Felicity, “Well, I thought it would be like a pseudo-restaurant but without the need to hire waiters and such. A sort of gathering place at meal times to bring the community together.” “Are you- IT’S NOT THE DINING HALL I’M UPSET ABOUT!” “Then I’m afraid you’ve lost me.” “ BEN , LUKE! I’M ANGRY BECAUSE OF BEN!” Felicity shouted. Luke went very quiet, “Oh.” “ Oh? That’s all you have to say?” “Well, what do you want from me? I can’t change what happened!” “Alyla Kene is dead , Luke!” Felicity snapped. “Ben killed her, and slashed Reine Agim seven times across the face, horribly scarring her face, all because they got between him and the charred mask of his dead Sith Lord grandfather. Two months ago, Ben Solo, your nephew killed a woman in cold blood, stole a ship, and ran away to join the First Order. And you want to build a dining hall.” “What do you want me to do? Go after him? I would if I knew where to find him.” “I want you to take this threat seriously. Luke, he’s going to come back… and he’s going to come after Rey.” “I don’t believe that,” Luke looked away affronted, but Felicity could see how tightly he was clenching his fists. “Well, I do believe it,” Felicity said. She took a deep breath, “And if I have to, I’ll take matters into my own hands.” Luke’s head snapped back to her. Dead seriousness in her eyes, Felicity warned Luke, “If you don’t take this seriously, I’m taking Rey and I’m leaving.” “Felicity-” “No! I will not put her in danger on the faint hope that Ben can be redeemed. I know he’s your nephew and you love him, but I’ve seen first hand what he can do. He may hesitate to harm his uncle’s child, but there will be no second thoughts when he remembers she’s mine . He will go after her, Luke. He’s determined to be the heir to the Skywalker legacy, and he will remove any obstacle in his way.” “Alright,” Luke put his head in his hands; he couldn’t fight her words any longer. “What should we do?” Felicity pulled something out of her desk drawer and tossed it to Luke. It was the drawstring pouch. Felicity answered, “We hide.” 14 Days Before the Burning of Rornian “You want us to what ?” Tyla Kinall exclaimed. “We’re going to temporarily relocate to Ahch-to,” Luke repeated to the gathered community of Temple Village. They were holding a meeting in the meditation gardens, a peaceful place that would calm anyone and thus made the perfect meeting spot. Luke was standing in front of the assembly, gently gripping Rey’s shoulders as Felicity stood by his side supportively, daring anyone to refute him. “We can’t deny the danger that Ben Solo poses.” Rey frowned in confusion, “Daddy, what’s wrong with Ben? Did he do something bad?” “Hush now, Rey,” Luke whispered kindly but authoritatively. “I need to discuss this with the adults.” “Come here, Sweetheart,” Felicity gently eased Rey into her arms. “Let’s be nice and quiet for Daddy right now, and Mommy will explain things later.” “I don’t understand why we need to go anywhere,” Tyla crossed her arms. “If I recall correctly, Ben only has hatred for a certain non-Force Sensitive. Maybe instead of all of us relocating, Mrs. Skywalker goes somewhere else for a while.” Felicity gave Tyla a sickly sweet grin, “Hey, Tyla, remind me when my daughter’s not around to tell you where you can go.” “Ladies,” Zena Halcorr warned. “Sorry,” Tyla and Felicity muttered. Luke shook his head, “I’m not forcing anyone to leave. This is completely voluntarily, but I strongly urge that you come with us. There’s no knowing what might happen if Ben comes back.” “And where exactly would we be going?” Reine Agim asked. Luke could barely look his second-in-command in the eye. The scars marring the brown skin of her face served as a constant reminder of Ben’s betrayal and Alyla’s murder. Luke had had no doubt that Reine would join in on the exodus, but sting of Luke’s failure still hurt him. “Ahch-to,” Luke announced. The crowd gasped and loudly began chatting among themselves. “You know where Ahch-to is?” Eline Typhe-Korden asked in shock. “How?” “Long story short, my team stole a map from the Death Star,” Felicity answered. “Now, Luke and I have been to Ahch-to. We checked it out a few years back. There are existing structures that we can use at the start. However, there’s a finite amount of them, so unmarried people will be receiving a roommate… or hutmate. Masters, you will share quarters with your Padawans. Children will be with parents, and husbands with their wives obviously. Luke and I have already started working on some designs of further structures to build using materials that already exist on the planet. There’s some vegetation and lots of fish, but we will need to bring additional supplies. We should gather these as quickly as possible. I don’t want us leaving any later than a week from now.” “So how long would we be going?” Doctor Kalonia asked. “I have a conference in a few weeks I was looking forward to attending.” “Felicity and I were estimating about three months and hopefully we can come up with a plan of action by then,” Luke replied. “However, Doctor Kalonia, I was thinking that because you are not a Jedi and ergo not much of a target, that it might be best if you simply went to the conference on Kamino a few weeks ahead of time and stay there for a while. I’ll pay for all of your expenses.” “Look, I take what’s happened very seriously,” Obik Kenu said, “but I don’t think running is the answer. We’ve never run away before, we stand and we fight honourably to protect our values. Why shouldn’t we face them with honour?” “Because they won’t face us with the same,” a voice came from the back on the crowd. Everyone turned to see Gavyn Kene sitting on a bench far away from the rest of the group. He was staring at a spot on the floor, with ghosts in his eyes. No one needed to say it, they all knew that it was the spot Gavyn had discovered his sister’s body. Alyla and Gavyn were twins, and had never been apart. They had not been separated when they were abandoned at an Old Republic hospital and tested positive for Force Sensitivity. They had not be separated when they were taken in by the old Jedi Order to be raised until they could be trained. They had not been separated during Order 66 when a Jedi named Vonar Ghyron had taken them and fled the massacre of the Jedi Temple. They had not been separated when Vonar was caught when they were 13, when they were sold into slavery as a result, or any times they were resold. And they had certainly never been separated when Luke and Felicity helped free them and accepted them into the new Jedi Order. Only death had managed to take Alyla from Gavyn, and the loss had taken its toll. The usually sarcastic and peppy Gavyn Kene had become quiet and reserved since his sister’s murder. It was hard losing Alyla… but it was worse seeing the affect it had on Gavyn. “Ben won’t care what his goal is,” Gavyn’s voice was low, but no one dared speak over him. “If he comes for Felicity, or Rey, or even Luke, and one of us gets in his way… he’ll kill us. It won’t matter who, and it won’t matter how hard we fight. Ben Solo does not fight fair, and he will take advantage of that fact. Do not offer him an olive branch. He’ll only use it as a distraction to murder you… just as he used the distract of Alyla’s death to scar Reine.” A heavy silence fell over the room as they thought of Alyla and what Ben had done. With their daughter, Miri following, Zena Halcorr walked over to her husband and placed her hands on his shoulders. Gavyn looked up, slightly comforted by the gesture and squeezed her hand in thanks. He then turned to Miri and hugged his daughter tightly. Luke couldn’t help but glance back at Rey and Felicity. Gavyn’s life had many parallels to Luke’s. Luke could understand the heartbreak Gavyn was going through, imagining how it might feel if he lost Leia. But Luke knew that as long as he had his wife and daughter by his side and his Jedi pupils to have their backs, he had something worth living for. “We’ll accompany you,” Zena declared. “So will we,” Reine glanced at her husband Obik. “I’ll take you up on your offer concerning Kamino,” Doctor Kalonia agreed. One by one, each Jedi pledged to follow Luke to the temple on Ahch-to. Even Tyla Kinall conceded, though Luke had to stipulate that her home be the furthest away from his family’s, and that she and Felicity weren’t allowed next to a cliff together. Luke would honestly not put it past either Tyla or Felicity to struggle with the urge not to throw the other off a cliff. They wouldn’t actually do it… but better safe than sorry. The Jedi quickly began making their plans to flee to Ahch-to. It was agreed that no one outside of Temple Village was to be told where the Jedi went. It was up to Doctor Kalonia to inform all outsiders that the Jedi were safe and had a plan. There was just one small problem Luke didn’t account for. “This isn’t fair,” Felicity sat that night on the edge of their bed, her head in her hands. A mixture of sorrow and anger riddled her body as the curls of her brown hair cascaded down her back, bathed in the moonlight. It was a beautiful sight that might have led to a moment of passion had the couple not been so frustrated. It had been hours since Luke got the unexpected call from Chancellor Mon Mothma informing Luke that he had finally been summoned for his meeting. He and Felicity had spent the entire night desperately searching for a way out, but the timing made things unfortunate. It would look terrible if Luke refused to meet with the Senate to negotiate the extent of Jedi authority, and then the Jedi mysteriously disappeared for several months. In fact, it could come across suspicious enough to look like rebellion and vigilantism that could get the adults of the Jedi Order arrested, and the children seized by Child Protective Services. “I don’t have a choice,” Luke sighed, sitting next to his wife, his mechanical hand resting atop hers. “I have to go.” “I don’t want you to,” Felicity leaned her head against his shoulder. “I don’t want to either. I’d much rather spend the next month home with you and Rey.” “What are we going to do?” “We have to postpone the move. It’s too risky to keep both pieces of the map together, and I need Artoo with me on Hosnian Prime. I suppose the rest of you will have to work on getting things ready for the move.” “When do you have to leave?” Felicity asked. “Six days,” Luke answered. “I’ll spend all of that time helping however I can. We’ll just have to hope that nothing happens while I’m gone. And if something does-” “We can worry about that in the morning. Right now there’s a more pressing issue I need to attend to.” “Oh? What’s that?” Felicity grinned. “Oof!” Luke groaned as Felicity suddenly pushed him down on the bed. “The issue that my husband is going to be away for an entire month,” Felicity crawled on top of him, pinning his wrists to the bed. Grinning like a minx, Felicity began unbuttoning his shirt, “I’ve only got six days to get my fill of him, so I’m going to need all the help I can get.” “Well, I am most happy to help, Miss Rhiaon,” Luke chuckled as Felicity’s lips roamed his neck. “But first, I think I’m going to have to get a little more comfortable.” Felicity squealed as Luke flipped her onto her back. After that they became nothing more than a flurry of limbs, laughter, and physicality of love. 3 Days Before the Burning of Rornian “How’s the move going?” the Holo of Luke asked Felicity during their nightly transmission. Luke had made a transmission earlier to say goodnight to Rey before she went to bed, but Luke would always make a second one later with his wife as they got ready for bed. The solar cycles of Rornian and Hosnian Prime were so similar that their time zones equated to about an hour apart, causing Luke and Felicity to go to bed roughly the same time. Anytime one was away from home, Luke and Felicity would comm each other and spend an hour or two just chatting so they did when they were home in bed together. It had become such a ritual for the pair that Felicity found it hard to sleep without her nightly chats with Luke. “It’s going fine,” Felicity glanced back at the Holo as she brushed her hair at the nightstand. “We’re a little antsy, waiting for you to come back, but we’ve been able to gather more than enough supplies. We should be good for six months on Ahch-to.” “That’s good to hear.” Luke sighed, his eyes following the brush, “I wish I was there with you, running that brush through your hair. Have I ever told you how much I love your hair?” “Yes, and it’s usually followed by me joking that you love it so much you might have a fetish.” “I can’t help it. Your hair is just so amazing. It’s so soft and silky and beautiful. I wish I was there, running my fingers through your hair as my lips suckled on the sensitive spot under your earlobe.” Felicity smirked as she set down the brush, “Now, now, Master Skywalker, if this is going to become that kind of comm and least let me lock the door so Rey doesn’t wander in.” “Alright, I’ll behave,” Luke chuckled. “How’s Rey doing?” “Misses you like crazy. She threw a fit today because I couldn’t do her hair as well as you.” “Well, don’t tell her yet but I think Han’s going to make a visit next week to cheer her up.” Felicity frowned, “Is that wise considering we’re secretly organizing an escape?” “I’ve hinted to Han and Leia that something might be up with the Jedi, and Han doesn’t really ask questions like that.” “Well, I’m not going to be relaxed until the three of us are safe and together.” Luke was quiet. “Felicity,” Luke said after a minute. “Yes?” “If something happens… if you feel like something might compromise our plans for Ahch-to, I need you to promise me that you’ll hide the map.” “Hide the map?” “Put it in the safe in your office. No one will look there. Ahch-to needs to remain a safe haven, so if something goes wrong, I want you to hide the map. Can you promise me to do that?” “Of course,” Felicity nodded. “Thank you,” Luke smiled. “Anytime,” Felicity grinned. “Now, how about I lock the door and we go back to you telling me what you would do if you were here?” Luke chuckled, “I love our transmissions.” 14 Hours Before the Burning of Rornian Transmission Failed. Felicity frowned at the error message for what felt like the thousandth time. It had been happening all day. No one in Temple Village could get a message to or from anywhere on Rornian. A team had been sent to the Communication Station, but there had been no response from them all day. It worried Felicity, and she couldn’t help but feel a sense of dread. Nothing else had been wrong – the weather had been perfect, and day free of anything but the most minor of transgressions – yet Felicity thought that something felt off. She knew there was no evidence to support her fear, but she had long ago learned to trust her gut. Felicity took off the drawstring pouch from around her neck and pulled aside the Holo on her office wall that hid a safe. She opened it and placed the map to Ahch-to in the otherwise empty safe. Nothing might happen, but the map needed to be secured just in case. Passcode? The safe requested as Felicity closed its door. “Brendan Rhiaon died a martyr,” Felicity spoke her standard passcode and the safe happily accepted it. ‘Brendan Rhiaon died a martyr’ and ‘Burning Homestead’ were Felicity and Luke’s standard passcodes. Morbid, but no one would ever guess them. Felicity knew that if something happened to her, Luke would be able to guess the passcode and get the map. “I’m probably being ridiculous,” Felicity muttered to herself. “Nothing’s going to happen.” That night, Felicity woke to the scream of her daughter getting dragged out of bed by the Knights of Ren. 78 Days After the Burning of Rornian "Brendan Rhiaon died a martyr.” Approving the passcode, the safe unlocked. With a shaking hand, Luke Skywalker pulled open the door and found it. Untouched since Felicity had stored it, sitting in the safe was the drawstring pouch containing the map to Ahch-to. Luke gave a sigh of relief. He knew his wife well enough to know that she would have locked the map away at the first sign of trouble, but he had been worried that the attack had been so unexpected that she hadn’t had to chance to do so. He grabbed the pouch and tied it around his neck. The rest of the map that was stored on Artoo had been downloaded into the computer of Luke’s X-Wing. The plan had been that Luke was to meet the others on Ahch-to after he was done with the Senate. Unfortunately, as most often happened in Luke Skywalker’s life, things had decidedly not gone according to plan. With his wife, daughter, and students dead, Luke was drifting aimlessly through life. Taking a deep breath, Luke closed the safe and faced the desk. Considering for a moment, Luke grabbed the Holo of a laughing Felicity and Rey, and the doll of herself Felicity had made for Rey. He didn't look back as he walked away. So that is how a small piece of the map to Ahch-to secretly came into Luke Skywalker’s possession. Of course, it was not a complete secret as many of the still living people who had taken part in the story would later recall the events. Rumours would swirl about, supported by testimony from Doctor Kalonia that the Jedi were planning a move and that Luke did have possession of a map. As for how that map fell into the hands of Lor San Tekka? Well, that is where our story continues… 90 Days After the Burning of Rornian Rey was crying. Luke viewed the sight with displeasure. Curled up in a hammock in an odd environment of machinery, Rey was clutching a doll and crying. She looked smaller than usual in the giant hammock. A patchwork blanket made from clothing including oddly enough an orange flight was wrapped around her. Tally marks were etched into one of the walls of the machinery, and an endless stretch of sand was all Luke could see beyond the door to the outside world. Rey was dirty, shivering, and scared as she quietly sobbed. Luke wanted to run over to her and gather her in his arms, but he observed the scene as if a ghost. He was rooted to the spot and Rey did not appear to see him as she wept. “Mommy, Daddy, please come back,” Rey cried. The tears running down her face broke Luke’s heart. “Please come back for me.” A woman’s desperate scream filled the air. Rey and her hammock were gone, the image replaced with a brown haired woman trapped in a cell. She was pounding on wall, her cries drowned out by distant blaster fire. Luke would recognize her face anywhere. “LUKE!” Felicity screamed as she pounded on the wall frantically. “LUKE!” In the distance, Luke could once again hear Rey’s sobs. “Daddy, come back,” his little girl cried. “Please, come back.” “YOU HAVE TO GO BACK, LUKE!” Felicity shrieked. Suddenly it felt like whatever was freezing Luke in place melted away. Experimentally he lifted a hand, and to his joy found he could move. Luke couldn’t believe it; Felicity was alive and within arm’s reach. “Felicity!” Luke raced forward happily. Felicity stopped banging on the wall and turned to face him. She had a strange expression, like she had the still, blank face of a porcelain doll. Her eyes were glassy and unseeing, her posture mechanically straight, and it looked as if her joints were fused together. Luke didn’t care as he reached her. Without thought, Luke swept Felicity into arms. “Felicity! Felicity!” Luke’s right arm wrapped around her waist and crushed her into his embrace. His left hand rested on her temple, holding her head against his chest. “I’m here. You’re safe.” Something felt hot and sticky under his natural hand. Luke pulled it away from her head and froze with horror. His hand was covered in blood. His eyes flicked back to Felicity’s face. Blood was pouring profusely out of her temple which was marked with a fresh blaster mark. “NO!” Luke cried out as Felicity collapsed in his arms like a rag doll. Falling to his knees, Luke lovingly cradled her suddenly cold body. Tears streamed down his face as he shook her, “Come on, Felicity. Please, wake up! Please, wake up!” Felicity’s corpse made no reply. “NO! GOD, NO! FELICITY! FELICITY!” Then, she spoke. Her lips did not move, nor her body revive, but around him like the wind, Felicity and Rey’s voices called to him. “LUKE!” “Daddy!” Everything disappeared. Luke stood in utter blackness as the voices of his wife and daughter circled him. “YOU HAVE TO GO BACK, LUKE!” “Come back, Daddy! Come back!” “YOU HAVE TO GO BACK!” “You promised, Daddy!” “GO BACK, LUKE!” “Daddy!” “YOU HAVE TO GET-” Luke shot up straight in his bed. He was breathing heavily, his heart beating wildly. The sweat on his bare chest stuck to the blanket belonging to the cheap hotel he was hiding himself away in. Grabbing his aching head, Luke tried to blink away the images of his strange dream. Rey and Felicity had not been uncommon guests in his dream as of late, but there was something different in this dream. Dream? …Or was it a vision? It didn’t make sense; his wife and daughter were dead. He had seen Felicity’s execution for himself. There was no reason to question that his wife was gone. The image of blood pouring from Felicity’s temple haunted Luke the most out of his dream/vision. Holding up his left hand, Luke had to double check that it wasn’t stained with red. To his relief it wasn’t, but he could still feel hot stickiness of it. But what did it all mean? Why has Rey crying in a desert? Why was she covered in a blanket made from his suit? Why were she and Felicity begging him to go back somewhere? Did it mean that… Rey was alive? Had Felicity’s ghost or influence in the afterlife teamed up with Rey to send him a message that she was waiting for him? No, Luke refused to let that hope take root. Rey wasn’t strong enough in the Force to connect with him, and a non-Force Sensitive speaking beyond the grave was impossible. It had to have been a dream. Rey and Felicity were dead, and the dream was just Luke’s subconscious trying to reconcile the tragedy. Why else would Luke have dreamt of Rey? Little did he know, that night was the first time Rey’s desperate plea through the Force managed to connect to him. And it wouldn’t be the last. Notes: So, I would just like to state for the record that Felicity having a line about washing blood from her hands and then Luke having a vision of her blood on his hands was totally not intentional. Nor was Luke seeing Felicity’s blood on his hands meant to be a metaphor for him blaming himself for what happened to her. Those were just happy (or maybe unhappy) coincidences. Also please send me lots of reviews for this chapter! It’s my birthday and I’ve given you a supersized chapter. What more does a girl need to do to get reviews? Chapter 12 : Desperate to Sleep Summary: While Luke unknowingly connects to Rey in his dreams, Felicity's influence causes Rey to make some friends. Notes: So the chapter ran away on me again causing me to split it in half. So, good news: quicker updates for this and the next chapter, but the bad news is we’re yet another chapter away from the reunion. However, it absolutely will be taking place in chapter fourteen so you guys can stop ending every review with “how much longer until the reunion?” Chapter fourteen, I swear. As for when will TFA kick in… according to my plan Chapter Twenty-One. Then again, in the last twenty-four hours alone I’ve added three extra chapters to my outline (I’ve decided to do a mini story for every one of the fourteen years on Jakku, plus I’m going to rewrite the Rey portion of Before the Awakening, although the Finn and Poe parts won’t be canon in my story.) At this point TFA is just a distant dream. … Why do I get the feeling Episode 8 is going to be out before I’m done the Episode 7 portion of this story? The Long Way Home Chapter Twelve Desperate to Sleep Luke Skywalker was lost. Well… metaphorically. Luke knew exactly which backwater outer rim dust ball he was on. Not that it was much different from the dozen other backwater outer rim dust balls he had wandered between in the last two months. Honestly? He had no plan of action. Sure, he had vague notions of running off to Ahch-to and wallowing for the rest of his life in the memories of what he had lost. It would be torture to live there; a constant stream of memories flooding into his mind as the slightest thing reminded him of his students or family. Of course, that was the whole idea, exiling himself was punishment for his failure to protect his students, wife, and daughter. Maybe he’d even take up residence in the hut he had made love to Felicity in all those years ago. Just to twist the knife a little more. He already had the full map logged into the navi-computer of his X-Wing. Just the push of a button and he’d seal his fate. Yet, he couldn’t bring himself to go. Instead he’d fly himself to a nothing planet where barely anyone could (or would care to) recognize him. He’d rent a room in a seedy inn and spend his days drinking at a bar, watching Leia’s desperate pleas on the HoloNet for someone to find him and bring him home. If there was one thing Luke did regret about leaving, it was that he didn’t tell Han and Leia goodbye. He didn’t know why he hadn’t. Perhaps it was because he’d acted too quickly. Perhaps it was because he was ashamed of himself. Or perhaps he thought Chewie might break his promise and tell them what Ben did to Felicity. That would make them understand. The nights were unbearable. Dreams, visions, and nightmares of what could have happened and what had. Rey dead in the sand. Ben dead by his hands. Felicity bleeding out on the floor of the First Order base. The Jedi successfully fleeing to Ahch-to. Rey alone and scared, crying herself to sleep. Felicity in his arms, crying in relief. Luke on his knees, crying in grief. Rey as a beautiful grown woman fighting the First Order by his side. Felicity pounding on the door of prison cell, begging him to go back. Not a night went by that he didn’t wake in a cold sweat, haunted by a dream of either the horrible reality of what had happened, what would could have. The ghosts of his mentors had obeyed Luke’s command to leave him alone, but the Force hadn’t. It spoke through his dreams and interrupted his days with visions. In the day he was strong enough to push them out of his mind, but in the dead of night he was too tired to resist. In fact, part of him didn’t want to resist. In his dreams they were alive. In his dreams he held Felicity, he watched Rey grow up, and he trained his students. In the dream world they were still there, and as long as he kept them in his mind, the ones he loved would never be banished to the black world of death and nothingness. But it was the same message every night: go back. Rey begged him, Felicity begged him, Leia begged him. Yet he ignored them all. How could he ever go back? How could he ever start again? Replace them? Forget what they died for? And ultimately fail all over again? He could never do that. Eventually, Luke would be recognized by someone on the planet he was hiding on, so he would pack everything up, pay his tabs, and move on to the next planet. Truth be told there wasn’t even much Luke had to pack. Stored in his X-Wing was a couple of credit chips, a few Holos, some basic supplies, his lightsaber, a spare glove for his mechanical hand, his hand repair kit, Rey’s doll, and some clothing. He had about three outfits, all of which were black. Luke used them as a sign of mourning, and honestly didn’t know if he could ever stand to wear any other colour for the rest of his life. It wasn’t just his clothing Luke used as a sign of mourning, he had stopped keeping his hair the way Felicity liked it. Shaggy and unstyled, his hair resembled less of his appearance on the Second Death Star, and more like when he was on the First. Plus, he had grown a beard. Luke Skywalker was known for his clean cut look, and had barely even considered facial hair an option. The one time he had decided to give it a try, the decision was firmly vetoed by his family. Leia had given him a twenty-minute lecture on the importance of public appearance and maintaining a certain image, and Han had proclaimed that he looked like Ben Kenobi got hit by a speeder. When Luke called them out on how a family was supposed to be loving and supportive, Felicity had told him she loved him too much to support such a stupid decision. She then proceeded to refuse to sleep with Luke until he shaved. To Luke’s credit, he lasted six weeks. As such, growing a beard seemed to be a fitting punishment for Luke. He had destroyed his public appearance, earned Han’s taunts, taken on Ben Kenobi’s legacy as a shameful recluse, and would never again make love to his wife. He couldn’t get rid of his lightsaber, however. True, it was as special to him as many of the things he had left behind, but it was not for sentimental reasons he continued to carry it. Nor was it for his protection. Truth be told, he was heartbroken enough that he had potentially become suicidal. Luke wouldn’t plan or attempt anything – heck he wouldn’t even imagine trying to hurt himself – but if someone were to try and kill him… Luke honestly wasn’t certain how hard he would fight back. The draw of living wasn’t nearly as great as it was to being reunited with his dead loved ones. The reason he kept his lightsaber was probably the only noble thing he had done in his whole running away to become a hermit plan. Luke would not allow a lightsaber to be carelessly abandoned for anyone to claim. He would not risk letting a tool of justice fall into the wrong hands and let it take innocent lives. That was also the reason he kept the drawstring bag around his neck. As far as Luke knew, the only completed map to Ahch-to on record was the one in his navi-computer. No one could find Ahch-to without the piece that hung around his neck, and that was the way he was going to keep it. It was hard for Luke to stop being a Jedi; it had been a part of his life for so long. So that was how he would respect the legacies of those who had died for the Order. He would protect what little was left by withholding his lightsaber from Darkness, and keeping Ahch-to to himself. He would be the protector of the Jedi Order, and ensure its legacy – though not its operations – would live on beyond his death. He would spend the rest of his pitiful days tending to the site of the First Jedi Temple, and hiding the last Jedi lightsaber (the others had been burned at the memorial with their owners, and who knew where his father’s had ended up?) Just the push of a button and he’d seal his fate. And yet, he still couldn’t bring himself to go. So, Luke Skywalker simply ordered himself another drink and watched the HoloNet recording of Leia begging him to come home. Luke Skywalker was lost. … Metaphorically. Rey Rhiaon Skywalker was lost. … Literally . Rey was lost. She had no clue where she was or how to get back home. Or at least what passed for her home these days. Did she even have a home? Mommy said it had burned down, so where was their new home? Not Jakku, Rey was certain. No place was home if Mommy and Daddy weren’t there. Even her warm, comfy bed on Rornian wasn’t home when Mommy or Daddy went away on business. Rey missed Mommy and Daddy. Why hadn’t they come back for her yet? What was taking so long? Didn’t they want her? Both Mommy and Daddy told her to stay where she was and then left her alone with bad people. Well… maybe not bad people. Mommy left her with Mister Plutt, and while he wasn’t nice, he didn’t seem to be evil. When Daddy left her in the woods, however… Unwanted memories flashed through Rey’s mind. Rain pouring down from the sky. Lightning and thunder crackling dangerously. A figure emerging from the trees. “Ben!” Rey crying out. Rey hugging Ben. “You came to save me!” A scary look in Ben’s eyes. “I’m sorry, Rey.” A red lightsaber swinging down. Rey couldn’t bear to remember anymore. The memories of that night were too scary. She didn’t want to remember what happened in the forest with Ben. She didn’t want to remember what happened with Mommy and Baku Ren by Daddy’s X-Wing. She didn’t want to remember the monsters dragging her out of bed. She wanted to forget all of it. She wanted to wake up and find it was all a dream. But she never would. Holding back tears, Rey looked around Niima Outpost in confusion. Unfamiliar places and people surrounded her, and not one friendly face appeared who would help her. When Mommy first went away, Mister Plutt kept her cooped up in the walker. Well… first he had raided the walker for anything valuable, but luckily one of Mommy’s games had been exploring the walker and stashing anything of value in case Mommy needed to barter with Mister Plutt. Rey knew exactly where Mommy had put everything, but since Mister Plutt didn’t think to ask Rey, and Rey didn’t want to upset Mommy by revealing the secret, Rey kept quiet. While Rey was confined in the walker, three times a day Mister Plutt would send someone to bring and cook her food. At first it was a little fun to Rey. She’d play make believe and pretend she was in some epic adventure like one of her family’s stories. She’d be Grandma Padmé during the invasion of Naboo, and Great Uncles Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui-Gon Jinn would come save her. Or she’d be Aunt Leia in the Death Star, and Daddy would come bursting into her cell in a Stormtrooper outfit saying, “I’m Luke Skywalker. I’ve come to rescue you.” Or she’d be Mommy trying to save the baby FN-2187 from the evil First Order, and Daddy would come pull her away to safety just in time, but tragically had to leave FN-2187 behind and would get angry at Daddy, hitting him and yelling at him before collapsing in tears in his arms. Rey wasn’t actually supposed to know that last story, but she’d overheard Uncle Diego talking about it one time. Actually, Mister Plutt had said Mommy had gone to the First Order. Rey wondered if Mommy had met up with FN-2187. Maybe Mommy would rescue him and bring him home with her when Mommy came to get Rey. Would that make FN-2187 her brother? Rey didn’t like that idea, but she really did want to meet him. She hoped FN-2187 would like her. After a week of Plutt’s lackeys bringing Rey food, he had gone on a tirade about it wasting too much gas to go there and back three times a day. He was bound to his promise to Felicity to keep Rey in the walker, but she didn’t have to spend every minute there. So Plutt changed his plans. Every morning one of his minions would drive to the walker, wake up Rey, and make her breakfast. He would then bring her into Niima where she was free to wander wherever she wanted until midday when she would return to the concession stand for lunch. Plutt had enough eyes in town to make sure Rey didn’t get in trouble, or that any of the locals got too friendly with her. Rey would then be free to wander until sundown when one of Plutt’s minions would bring her back to the walker and make her dinner. They would then leave her to spend the cold nights alone and add another scratch to the wall. Rey knew Mommy told her not to touch the sharp object, but she wanted to make Mommy happy that she had continued keeping count. She didn’t even cross her tallies out of respect for Mommy. Sometimes she would look at the tallies and frown. Rey knew how to count, but the tallies were starting to add up quite a bit. Without Mommy there to tell her, Rey had lost track of how many days she had been on Jakku, and the tallies were too frustrating for Rey to count. If she had counted them, she would have known that she had been on Jakku for 157 days. She had spent 118 of those days alone. Rey hadn’t changed out of the clothing Mommy put her in. She was afraid if she did, Mommy might not recognize her and would accidentally bring home some other little girl. Not that Rey had seen any other little girls on Jakku, but Daddy had always said that their family had “the Skywalker curse” and anyone named Skywalker was cursed to have terrible luck. She had always been confused about whether the curse applied to her since her name wasn’t Skywalker, but rather Rhiaon Skywalker. However, Mommy told her that after Mommy and Daddy got married, they both changed their names to Rhiaon Skywalker, which was apparently very strange for Daddy to do, but not Mommy? That part always confused Rey. Why did girls have to take boy names, but boys couldn’t take the girl’s name? However, even though Mommy and Daddy were both called Rhiaon Skywalker, Daddy claimed to still be under the Skywalker Curse. True, professionally (Rey thought that was the right word. She had read it in one of Aunt Leia’s boring politic books that made no sense) Daddy continued to call himself Luke Skywalker, rather than his actual name of Luke Rhiaon Skywalker, but every now and then Mommy also blamed Daddy that she fallen victim to the curse and that she should never have become a Skywalker. That must mean that the Rhiaon Skywalker name was enough of a Skywalker for the curse to get her, and Rey didn’t want to take any chances. She was so afraid of the curse getting her, that Rey refused to even change the hairstyle Mommy had given her. Rey would do whatever it took not to fall victim to the curse Daddy warned her so many times about. Of course, being five, Rey failed to understand Luke was joking. Every night was the same for Rey. She would scratch a tally on the wall and then climb into the hammock Mommy had strung for her. Rey had taken the sleeping bag and Mommy’s clothing blanket and would cuddle up in them in the hammock. Clutching her pilot doll, Rey would cry, feeling so lonely. So afraid to leave. At night, desperate to sleep, Rey would try with all her might to reach out into the Force and find Daddy. She could see him sometimes, but he didn’t look like the Daddy she knew. His hair was shaggy and unstyled, his eyes were sad, and he had beard. She would focus on the image and push forward the image of herself bundled up in the hammock, clutching her doll and crying. “Please, Daddy,” Rey cried. “Please, come back. You promised you’d come back. Come back, Daddy! Come back!” Every night was the same for Luke. He would drink at the bar of the inn he was staying at and kept drinking until the pain was just an angry buzzing in his mind. He would then pay his tab and stumble back to his room. Clumsily he would strip off his shirt, boots, and belt, and carelessly toss his lightsaber and effects on the dresser. He would go into the fresher to splash water on his face and stare silently at his reflection for twenty minutes, wondering what he was doing with his life. Entering the bedroom, he would climb into bed and get under the covers, but not turn off the light. Instead he would stare at the wedding ring on his left hand for an hour, losing himself in memories of his wife. He would wonder if tonight was the night he finally admitted she was gone, he was a widower, and it was time to take the ring off. His bed always felt like something was missing when Felicity wasn’t curled up next to him, but now knowing that she would never again be at his side, his bed felt cold and empty. The sight of the ring she had once slipped on his finger in exchange for a promise to love her as long as he loved was a knife to the heart. Ben hadn’t even been kind enough to give her rings back to Luke. He would have liked to have just that small memento to hang onto. Maybe it would numb some of the pain and Luke could finally move on. But Ben had despised Felicity, and probably took great pleasure in knowing he had denied his uncle the small token of his enemy. And after what Ben had done to Felicity, Luke knew he could never recover them. Of course with that thought Luke would only be reminded of the horrifying reason he hadn’t been able to bring Felicity’s body home. He didn’t know if he could ever forgive Ben for how he disposed of Felicity’s body. The act was horrifying, albeit not the worst thing he could have done to her. It was really the sentiment behind it, the cruel irony, and intentional strike at Luke that came with it that made what Ben did so unforgiveable. If Ben had merely killed Felicity, he and Luke may have come to an understanding, but Ben had taken it one step too far. Luke sighed. Though he refused to admit it to anyone, carrying the secret of what Ben had done was one of the reasons he had left. How long could he have kept it from Han and Leia? They didn’t need to carry that burden, and it would only bring them shame, horror, and regret. Luke couldn’t stand the idea that every time they looked at him, they would be reminded of what Ben did. It was on those dark nights that Luke would do something he was ashamed of. No one knew, not even Chewbacca, but Luke had kept the holo Ben had slipped into his pocket. The holo of his wife getting shot. And Luke would watch it. Over and over, Felicity’s muffled screams tearing at his heart as the blaster was raised to her temple. After a lifetime of fighting and never backing down, Felicity was powerless to avoid her fate. She begged for mercy, but none was shown. Over and over, the trigger was pulled and she fell to the floor. Unlike his dreams, there was no blood pouring from Felicity’s head: a blast shot was a clean death, but at point blank range it would have hurt like hell. Over and over Luke would wonder how she felt in that last moment. Was she afraid? Did it hurt? Did she think of him? Was a part of her happy that she would be reunited with those she loved and lost? What did she do when she reached the afterlife? Was she greeted by those she had loved and lost? Did she jump into Brendan’s arms? Did she pick up Rey and twirl her around? Did Rogue Squadron gather for a group hug? Did Luke’s Jedi praise how she fought to save them? Did she hug and thank Bail Organa? Did she slap Anakin Skywalker as she proclaimed so many times to be her plan if she encountered him in the afterlife? Did her father miraculously appear and they finally found reconciliation? Did the mother Felicity barely knew greet her? Did the mother Luke barely knew? Over and over Luke listened to Kylo confirm that he hadn’t felt the death through the Force, and ergo Luke hadn’t either. Hux would explain and show footage that earlier they had held Felicity down and stuck a needle into the back of her neck. They injected her with a specially formulated serum primarily consisting of ysalamir blood that blocked Force Sensitives from sensing her in the Force. The Force could still be used against her, but Luke wouldn’t feel the moment she was shot. Over and over Luke would watch the horrifying thing Ben did next to Felicity. The thing that would give him nightmares for years to come. The thing that if Luke could manage it, he would take with him to his grave. Eventually he could watch it no more and would throw the disc across the room in anger. But just before it hit the floor and shattered, Luke would use the Force to cushion the landing so he could torture himself another night. Then he would finally turn off the lights and try to cry himself to sleep. It rarely worked. At night, desperate to sleep, Luke would try with all his might to reach out into the Force and fend off the visions that barraged him. He could see them sometimes: Rey dirty and sunburnt on Jakku. Leia sobbing as another day passed with no sign of Luke. Han staring out at the horizon without a clue how to handle everything. Kylo begging the helmet of Darth Vader to speak to him. Anakin on the floor of the Lars Homestead workshop with his head in his hands. Obi-Wan muttering apologies as he sat on an ashen hill next to the molten banks of Mustafar. Felicity lying on the bench of a prison as she stared up blanking at the ceiling. Padmé crying in her apartment on Coruscant as the Jedi Temple burned. Lando knelt in front of Alyla Kene’s grave regretting the life he was too afraid to make with her. There were dozens more he saw: people both living and dead, suffering through various scenarios both real and imagined. But it was the image of Rey that haunted him the most. He would focus on the image of Rey bundled up in the hammock, clutching her doll and crying. “Please, Daddy,” Rey cried. “Please, come back. You promised you’d come back. Come back, Daddy! Come back!” Luke sobbed as he punished himself for breaking that promise. Why hadn’t he gone back? “Please, come back, Daddy. I miss you.” Rey’s words sounded so much like the ones she had said during their nightly transmission the day before the Burning of Rornian. He had comforted her with hints of their move to Ahch-to and promises of the fun they would have there. Luke could imagine training Rey in the field Felicity had presented him his lightsaber. He could imagine telling her stories by the fire in the hut he had loved Felicity in all those years ago. He could imagine her getting tired of all the steps like her mother and him giving her a piggyback ride as he jokingly complained about having to carry Yoda like that all those years ago on Dagobah. The ghost of Yoda had always liked to chuckle whenever Luke told that story. Luke had been none too pleased the day Anakin told him that had never been a part of Jedi training. Obi-Wan had tried to defend Yoda by saying he was doing what he could with the environment provided. Yoda himself offered no further excuse than, “Old, am I. Keep up with you, how else could I? Hmm?” Surprisingly, Luke found thinking of Ahch-to to be comforting. As his mind filled with visions of the ocean and the island, he felt the visions of Rey drift away. The images flooded Rey’s mind as she pushed forward her own. They slipped into her mind so easily it felt like she was imagining it herself. She imagined an ocean. She could see it. She could see the island. And Luke Skywalker. She could feel his touch behind it. He was the greatest father she could ever have. He would have never disappointed her. Luke felt the vision of Rey lessen and slip away. There was a certain serenity and comfort flooding through the Force. A relaxing feeling like the exhale of a deep, cleansing breath. The images of Rey disappeared. With a smile on her face, Rey Rhiaon Skywalker slept soundly, comforted by the Force and the images her father had sent her. With a smile on his face, Luke Rhiaon Skywalker slept soundly, comforted by the Force and the images his daughter had sent him. Little did he know, that night was the first time Luke managed to answer Rey back in the Force with comforting images of Ahch-to. And it wouldn't be the last. During the day when Rey was left to wander, Mister Plutt would always warn her not to go too far from the concession stand and not to lose track of what turns she had made. So of course, it was only natural that she had forgotten that she took three right turns, a left, two more rights, and then left twice. It was her own fault for getting lost. She should have followed Mister Plutt’s warnings. Looking around the Outpost, Rey had no clue how to get back to the concession stand. Had she been more mature, Rey could have come up with the idea to follow the scavengers who were coming in to trade their scrap to Plutt. But her underdeveloped brain could only think about how hot and thirsty she was, how her stomach was growling, and how much her skin hurt. Her skin hurt a lot. She had turned as red as Admiral Akbar, and her skin had gotten hot and peely. It hurt too much to touch, but it was so itchy. She would cry as she sat huddled in the shade and scratched her painful skin, doing more damage than good. Rey vaguely understood that it was sunburn. She had gotten it the year before, when it got extra hot on Rornian. She remembered Mommy calling it a “heatwave” and that when Daddy went on a business trip for a few weeks, Master Obik Kenu had “commandeered” (which Master Reine explained meant he took without Daddy’s permission) part of the money meant to build more homes, to get air conditioning installed in every building in Temple Village. Daddy was not happy when he got home. Daddy was even more unhappy about what Mommy accidentally did to Rey. The day before Daddy came home, all the Jedi were so bogged down by the heat, Reine officially declared it a day off and everyone went to the lake to cool down and have fun. Mommy was supposed to put something called screen (or at least Rey thought it was called screen) on Rey, but fell asleep reading a HoloNovel in the shade while Rey played with the other children. Mommy later claimed she thought one of the other adults would have put the screen on Rey, but the others thought Mommy had done it. In the end, both Rey and Mommy got horrible sunburns and Daddy was really annoyed. “Don’t give me that look,” Mommy had chastised Daddy, as Daddy rubbed Rey down with some lotion. “I said I was sorry.” “I just don’t understand how this could have happened,” Daddy had replied. “I thought you’d be careful.” “I was careful!” “Not careful enough.” “Well, I’m sorry, but not all of us grew up on planets with two suns,” Mommy had rolled her eyes. “I grew up on the planet of air conditioning in every building.” “Speaking of,” Daddy had given Mommy a suspicious look, “I have a few question concerning the architecture budget and a certain withdrawal that was recently made.” “Hey, had nothing to do with Obik’s little expenditure. If you’re looking into who authorized the withdrawal, you take that up with Reine.” “Believe me. I will.” “Oh, stop moping,” Mommy had laughed at the grumpy expression on Daddy’s face. “Not everyone can stand the heat like you, Desert Boy. The rest of us are very happy about the air conditioning, and as for the sunburn, it happens, Luke. Kids get sunburn, it’s not the end of the world.” But as Rey struggled with the pain of her sunburn on Jakku, she couldn’t help but think it was the end of the world. Rey remembered a little about how Daddy treated it (mostly lotions Rey didn’t know where to find) and she had no idea how to stop from burning in the first place. With one last look around, Rey gave up. She let the tears fall as she scurried towards a large tented structure that cast a lot of shade. Curling up against the entrance flap, Rey cried as she desperately scratched at her burns, her stomach hurting with hunger, and having no clue how to get back to Mister Plutt. Worse yet, not one person seemed to care about the little girl crying against the tent. Wasn’t there anyone willing to help her? Suddenly the tent flap flew open and out stepped Quom Tinadar. “What in the galaxy is that noise?” Quom looked around for the source of the high pitched gasping coming from outside his workshop tent. He looked down and was shocked to find a familiar little girl at his feet, “Why if it isn’t the Miracle Girl.” Rey sniffed and looked up. She recognized the alien who Mommy had threatened into helping them. “Hullo,” Rey muttered, hugging her legs tightly. She wasn’t sure if he was supposed to be a good guy or a bad guy. He seemed friendly, but Mommy had threatened to shoot him, and it wasn’t the joking way she usually threatened to shoot people. “Are you okay? You don’t look too happy,” he sounded concerned, but Rey wouldn’t look him in the eye. When she said nothing, he asked, “You’re Rey Erso, right?” Rey shrugged. Quom’s brow furrowed. The girl needed help, but she clearly didn’t want it from him. He had half a mind to leave her alone like she wanted, but he remembered the promise he made to Felicity Erso (or whatever her name was) and knew he had to push on. “Well, hello Miss Erso,” Quom gave Rey his nicest smile. Unfortunately, due to his intimidating Vrogem features of long snout, sharp pointed teeth, and fur set in patterns around his mouth and eyes that conveniently always made him look like he was scowling, his nicest smile looked like something out of Rey's nightmares. Quom winced at the withheld fear in Rey’s eyes, “My name’s Quom Tinadar. Do you remember me?” Rey looked down at the ground and nodded, “You took Mommy’s rings.” The smile on Quom’s face froze. “Uh… yeah,” he said awkwardly. “But I can give them back if you want.” “No,” Rey shook her head. “They’re Mommy’s. We don’t take things that belong to other people.” “Smart girl. And you’re right, I shouldn’t have taken them. But if you don’t take them, how am I supposed to make up for taking them from your Mom?” “Give them to her when she gets back.” It hit Quom like a knife to the heart. Not only had Felicity Erso been forced to abandon her daughter and surrender herself to certain death, but Rey had no idea. Rey thought her mother was coming back. Well, promise or no promise, Quom certainly wasn’t going to be the one to tell her otherwise. He may have owed the Erso Family a debt, but not one that big. “Alright,” Quom said. “I’ll hold on to them for a while. So, do you want to tell me why you’re crying?” Rey shook her head. Quom was starting to remember why he’d never had a litter of pups. “Look, Girlie, I just want to help you,” Quom insisted. “Your mom asked me to help care of you while she was gone.” “She- She did?” Rey sniffed, wiping her nose on her arm. “I thought she wanted Mister Plutt to help me.” “I don’t think anyone wants Unkar Plutt to help them. He’s far more of a scavenger than any of us who strip those ships in the desert. Your mom probably only asked him to help because he’s got all the food around here… that and an army of muscle you don’t want to be on the wrong side of. Me, on the other hand, she asked because she thought I could help you a lot better than Unkar Plutt. After all, I did kind of rescue you guys.” “You made Mommy pay you for it.” Quom sighed, “Listen, Rey, there’s something you should understand about Jakku; it’s a very rough place. People around here often can’t just give help without needing something in return. Resources are precious and few, so giving out of the kindness of your heart is hard to do when it might mean the difference between life and death. It’s not like, where’d you grow up?” Rey shook her head, “Daddy says don’t tell personal things to people without Mommy and Daddy’s permission.” “Smart guy. Alright, can you answer this? Where you grew up, is there food on the table everyday?” Rey nodded. “What about heat and electricity?” “Uh huh.” “A nice house with a bed where you can sleep safe and sound?” She wakes with a jolt. Hands grabbing her, dragging her forward. Rey tries to scream but a hand covers her mouth. She grips the sheets but she goes over the edge of the bed and hits the floor. They’re surrounding her with raised crimson lightsabers. “Don’t cry,” Cade Ren laughs cruelly. “We’ll make this quick.” “MOMMY!” Rey screams as the Knights hold her down. Rey shut her eyes tight and grabbed her head. She let out a sob as she tried to forget the night her bed no longer was safe. “Hey,” a furry hand touched Rey’s shoulder. “Don't cry.” Rey looked up in surprise at Quom comforting her, "I’m sorry.” “There’s nothing to apologize for,” Quom smiled; the girl really was her mother’s daughter. “I’m sorry if I scared you. I’m a pretty scary guy.” “Not the scariest I’ve seen,” Rey tried to smile for him, but couldn’t forget the monsters who destroyed her home. “I don’t know if I should be flattered,” Quom laughed, purposely avoiding the pain in Rey’s lighthearted tone. “Listen, what I was trying to say to that Jakku doesn’t have things like food whenever you want it. That’s why I had to ask your mom for something in return for help. But I crossed a line, and I shouldn’t have asked her for her rings. I asked your mom how I could make up for that and she told me to help you for her, so let me help. What’s wrong?” Rey sniffed and held out her arms, “My arms hurt.” Quom winced as he looked over Rey’s arms. It was by far the worst case of sunburn he had ever seen. Her skin was dark red, blistered, and peeling off in several layers. She was a tough little girl not to be screaming in pain. “Ouch,” Quom said. “That’s not a pretty sight. Come in here, I’ve got something that’ll help.” Rey hesitated but after a glance around making sure none of Mister Plutt’s men was around looking for her, she followed inside. The workshop of Quom Tinadar was simple. It was a large tent, big enough to host a speeder. On the ground was some repurposed paneling, and he had a small scooter to roll under a speeder to work on it. There were various benches and cabinets of drawers filled with odds and ends: wires, tools, spare parts, cleaning supplies, power cells, and so on. In the far corner there was a curtained off area with a table, ration cooker, and a cot. Quom was busy pulling things out of drawers, muttering to himself as Rey wandered into the tent. She tried to stay quiet and still, but being surrounded by so many tools and mechanical parts made her Skywalker half restless… and actually the Rhiaon side too. Both her Uncle Brendan and her Grandfather Alaric had been big into fixing and designing machines. Felicity’s disinterest had come from her mother, Dinah’s side of the family. In fact, the Andromias family were supposedly very minimalistic and anti-machinery as much as possible. They were livid when Dinah married a technician. Apparently Felicity had also inherited her mother’s need to marry the man who would piss off her father the most… though with all fairness to Alaric, Felicity had married the man who killed him. Something shiny caught the corner of Rey’s eye. Rey was drawn to the bench nearest her, on top of which sat some copper wiring with a small flashing box attached. Not thinking, Rey reached out to grab it. “Don’t touch that,” Quom ordered firmly but not harshly. “You can’t imagine how long it took for me to get a hold of one of those. I’m trying to fix up my R3-187K generator and you can’t get one to run without a-” “Talis 13KR4 wiring conversion plug,” Rey said in unison with Quom. Seeing Quom’s shocked expression, Rey blushed and looked at the ground, “Daddy likes fixing things, and I like watching Daddy.” “You are full of surprises, aren’t you Miracle Girl?” Rey grinned. “Now have a seat,” Quom gestured to a chair, his other hand holding what looked like a couple bundles of fabric. “I’m going to show you a trick to stop sunburn.” Rey nodded and climbed into the chair. “Hold out your arms,” Quom ordered. Rey did as she was told. Quom unwound the two bundles of fabric and began wrapping them around Rey’s arms. “The sun is going to burn any exposed flesh, so to stop you from getting all burned up, we have to cover you as best we can,” Quom explained, careful not to wind the fabric too tight against Rey’s wounds. “I want you wearing these all the time from now on, okay?” “No!” Rey pulled her arms from his grasp. “I can’t change my clothes! Mommy needs to recognize me! I don’t want her bringing home another little girl.” Quom couldn’t help but chuckle, “Your mom is a smart woman, I’m fairly certain she can tell the difference between her own daughter and another little girl. Besides, you’re not changing your clothes, you’re just… accessorizing.” Rey crossed her arms, a resolute expression on her face. “I do know she won’t recognize you if you’re a different colour than how she left you,” Quom said. “Fine,” Rey held out her arms. “Alright, that should do it,” Quom announced as he secured the white arm wraps. He then grabbed another, longer, thicker piece of fabric, “Now, let’s talk scarves.” Twenty minutes later, Quom had fully educated Rey on how to wrap a scarf to protect her face and head from the sun. He had also educated her on the versatility of a scarf and how it could be used in a bind as a bandage, a sling, an oil rag, a shade from the sun, a very small tent or blanket, or even a napkin. “There’s not limit to what you can use these handy guys for,” Quom proclaimed. “Then why don’t you have one?” Rey’s eyes observed how Quom used merely the hood of his dark brown cloak as a shade from the sun. Though the cloak was shabby and threadbare, the cloak’s colour offset Quom’s black fur very nicely. “I’m a Vrogem,” Quom explained. “We’re built differently than you humans. We have a special kind of fur on the tops of our heads that traps heat there, allowing the rest of our bodies to remain cool. People sometimes call us ‘Hot Heads’ because of that.” Rey giggled. “Laugh it up all you want, Miracle Girl,” Quom grinned waggling his long, pointed ears. “At least I don’t have to worry about sunburn. Now, come on. I’ve shown you how to prevent sunburn, now I’m going to show you how to fix it.” Rey didn’t hesitate to take Quom’s furry hand and follow him out of the tent. Doctor Aletha Kymeri had just finished setting up the last of her new medical equipment when Quom Tinadar walked into her tent with a little girl. “Would you look at that,” Quom looked around, impressed. “Finally got the place back in order, Doctor.” “The First Order certainly left quite a mess, and haggling around town for new equipment wasn’t the easiest thing,” Aletha raised an eyebrow at the sight of Quom holding the little girl’s hand, but didn’t comment. “People were surprisingly hostile to trading with me. You’d think people would want the only doctor in the outpost to be properly stocked.” “It’s Plutt’s monopoly, that’s what it is.” “Unfortunately, you’re right,” Aletha shook her head. “Anyways, what can I do for you?” “Not me. Her.” Quom looked down at Rey, who was practically glued to his leg, “Have you met, Rey Erso?” “I believe so.” Aletha got down on one knee to be at Rey’s eye level, “Hello, Rey. Do you remember me?” Rey nodded, “You made me feel better when Mommy got scared. She said you were nice and I would be safe with you while she went to call Daddy.” “You’ve got a great memory,” Aletha smiled. “Now, is there something wrong you need me to help you with?” “My arms hurt,” Rey held them out. “She hasn’t been covering up properly and got really bad sunburn,” Quom explained as Aletha began unwrapping Rey’s coverings. “I wrapped them up for her but she’s going to need some help.” “Oh, this is bad. Really bad.” Aletha went over to a drawer and pulled out a tube of paste, “I’m going to put this on you. It might hurt a little but that means it’s working. Do you think you can hold still for me?” Rey looked apprehensive but nodded. “Alright then,” Aletha smiled. Rey tried not to make faces as the paste burned her skin, but it hurt so badly. “Hold still,” Aletha reminded as Rey squirmed in her seat. “We’re almost done… There. It’s probably going to hurt for the next half an hour, but I promise you’re going to feel a lot better.” “Thank you, Missus Doctor,” Rey said, forgetting what Aletha’s name was. “You can call me Aletha or Doctor Kymeri. Whichever you’re comfortable with. And actually it’s Ms. Doctor. I’m not married anymore.” “What happened?” Aletha gave a sad smile, “My husband died fighting in the Rebellion.” “I’m sorry, Doctor Aletha. My mommy and daddy fought in the Rebellion,” Rey said proudly. “But they didn’t die.” “Well that’s good they didn’t die.” Aletha ruffled Rey’s hair, “If they had, by my calculations you wouldn’t exist, and what a terrible tragedy that would be.” “A life not worth living,” Quom winked. Rey giggled at the adults’ antics. “Here, Rey,” Aletha opened a cabinet and pulled out a bottle. She handed it to Rey, “I want you to have these.” “What are they?” Rey squinted at the label. Mommy and Daddy had started to teach her to read, but she didn’t know what the words zinc, folic acid, or pyridoxine hydrochloride meant. “Vitamins,” Aletha replied. “Rations aren’t good for a growing girl to live on alone. While these aren’t going to be a miracle pill, vitamins will help you get the things you need to develop strong bones and muscles and keep you healthy. I want you to take one every day with your…” Aletha paused. “Rey, how are you eating right now?” Aletha asked. “Rations,” Rey replied. “Mommy paid Mister Plutt to give them to me.” “How much and how often?” “One portion, three times a day.” Quom raised an eyebrow while Aletha gave a sigh of relief. Rey was eating better than both of them… put together. “Okay, I want you to take one vitamin every day with your first meal,” Aletha instructed. “Only one, though. Promise?” “Promise,” Rey vowed. “Good,” Aletha smiled. But as satisfied with Rey’s answer Aletha was, there was something bothering Quom. “Where do you stay?” Quom asked. Rey carefully thought over her words, “The place you found me and Mommy.” Quom frowned, “Why are you here then? Why not stay at-” He noticed Rey’s nervous look. She couldn’t hide where she lived from Quom, but she clearly was worried about telling Aletha. Her mother probably warned her not to tell anyone. “Your place?” Quom finished. Rey took a deep breath and explained the situation with Plutt as best she understood it. At the conclusion, Doctor Aletha and Mister Tinadar were exchanging a bad look. It was the kind of look Uncle Han would usually exchange with Mommy or Daddy or Uncle Chewie or Aunt Leia before proclaiming he had a bad feeling about this. “So Plutt has you just…” Aletha was at a loss for words, “wander the outpost?” “Uh huh,” Rey nodded. Mister Quom and Doctor Aletha exchanged that look again. “You know, Rey,” Aletha said, “if you’re every feeling lonely or bored, you can come see me for a while.” “Or me,” Quom offered. “We can talk all about those things your dad fixes.” “He’s really good at it,” Rey said proudly. “He’s gotta be if his five-year-old knows what an Talis 13KR4 wiring conversion plug is.” Aletha stared at Quom, “What is that? A radio?” Quom frowned at Aletha but whatever he was going to say was lost to time when a yell ripped across the road. “WHERE IS THE GIRL?” There was no mistaking the voice of Unkar Plutt. Rey whimpered, intimidated by the angry tone. Quom and Aletha shared yet another look. The two had never really been friends, or even much more than Aletha fixing up Quom every now and then. Yet, there was something about their mutual desire to care for Rey that had brought them together. They need not exchange words to communicate; in one simple glance they had set on their plan. Aletha began rewrapping Rey’s arms with the fabric, running a soothing hand up and down Rey’s shoulder to relax her. While Aletha did that, Quom very calmly walked to the entrance of the tent and looked for Unkar Plutt. “Plutt!” Quom called. “She’s over here!” Unkar Plutt offered no thanks as he barged into the tent, roughly pushing Quom aside as his goons followed in. “Where have you been?” Plutt demanded of Rey. “You were supposed to be at the stand two hours ago! Do you want to starve?” “No,” Rey whimpered, looking down. Aletha’s eyes narrowed, and she took up a protective position at Rey’s side, gripping the top of the chair. “You don’t need to yell at her, Plutt,” Quom said boldly. “The girl got lost.” “It’s her own fault,” Plutt said. “I warned her not to go too far. And what business is this of yours, anyway? She’s under my protection.” “I was bringing her to you when I noticed how badly burnt her arms were,” Quom replied. “I brought her to the doctor so she could get treated.” “And she was,” Aletha affirmed. Without showing any signs of fear of Plutt, Aletha looked to Rey, “Sunshine, your arms aren’t fully healed, so I want you to come to me every day for the next two weeks, and I’ll reapply the paste. Understood?” “Uh huh,” Rey nodded. She liked the idea of spending time with Doctor Aletha. She was a very nice lady, and Mommy trusted her, so Rey could too. “Now wait a minute,” Plutt interrupted. “I’m not having her run up a medical bill I’ll have to pay you.” “You won’t have to,” Aletha countered. “It’s free.” “Really?” Plutt didn’t sound convinced. “Well… not exactly,” Aletha confessed. “When the First Order destroyed my equipment, her mother told me that Rey’s father would be willing to pay for replacement equipment.” “Did she now?” Plutt sounded too interested and exchanged a suspicious look with his lead goon Roke. “I’ve got a dozen witnesses who came verify my claim,” Aletha shrugged looking causal, but Quom could see her actions were measured carefully. “I’ve gathered what I can, but there’s still a few things I need that I’ll take him up on. I’ll factor her treatments into our negotiations. Oh, and I’ve given her a bottle of vitamins. She needs to take one every morning. You boys can supervise that.” Quom took a step back in fear. No one ordered Unkar Plutt around. But every more terrifying was the “pleasant” smile he gave. “Of course,” Plutt said in a far too jovial voice. “Come on, My Girl. Let’s get you back where you belong. Dirk, drive her home and give her her lunch when you get there.” “What about her dinner?” Dirk asked, though he was staring back out the tent flap distracted by something shiny. “Stay with her until then,” Plutt rolled his eyes. “Honestly, sometimes.” “Come on, Girl!” Roke ordered. Rey gave a reluctant look at Aletha and Quom. Aletha gave her a false smile and nodded. Rey dry swallowed and recalled a distant memory of her mother telling her to always walk into battle with your head held high. Gripping her bottle of vitamins, Rey found her courage and jumped off the chair. “Thank you, Doctor Aletha,” Rey called as she scurried over to Dirk. “Thank you, Mister Quom. I’ll see you tomorrow, okay?” “See you tomorrow, Sunshine,” Aletha smiled, entertained by the innocence of Rey’s youth that yet held a veiled hint of ferocity. “See you, Miracle Girl,” Quom gave her a wink. “So,” Dirk said as he and Rey stepped out of the tent. “What is a vitamin?” Rey just giggled. “Well, I should go too,” Quom made to exit but found the way blocked by Plutt and Roke. There was silence as Plutt and Roke stared down Quom and Aletha. With Rey gone, the threat and danger lingered in the air. Plutt wasn’t happy. “Be careful,” Plutt said simply. And with that Plutt and Roke were gone. Aletha and Quom stood in the continued silence. “We made the right choice, right?” Quom asked, uncertain of his actions. “Plutt can intimidate me all he wants,” Aletha replied. “I’m not going to let that little girl suffer.” “You know,” Quom looked slyly at Aletha, “vitamins are really hard to get here on Jakku. You’re really just giving them all to her?” “She’s a growing girl.” “Nah, there’s more to this. Come on, giving up your precious stock of vitamins to the girl and free medical care? What’s the deal?” “Her mother saved me,” Aletha explained. “When that Captain came looking for them, I refused to give them up. The Captain beat me and destroyed my equipment. Rey’s mother-” “Felicity,” Quom interrupted. “Felicity,” Aletha nodded, “she put herself between us. She saved me, she made sure I was alright, she provided an opportunity to let me escape, and she promised to reimburse me for my losses. She didn’t have to do any of that. There were dozens of others there that day, and none stepped in to help me. She protected me when no one else would, so I’m going to protect her daughter.” “You know she’s probably dead, right?” “Yeah, I figured.” “Girl thinks she’s coming back. What do we do if she doesn’t?” “We wait for her father,” Aletha replied. “Apparently his name’s Luke. I’ve got a little phrase to use as a code to identify myself, I think.” Quom raised a brow, “That phrase wouldn’t happen to be, Thank you. Anytime .” Aletha raised a brow back, “And how would you know that?” “Long story short, I accidentally stole her wedding rings,” Quom pulled the cord with them out from under his shirt. “How do you accidentally steal her wedding rings?” “Fine, I extorted her, regretted it, and now I’m watching over Rey to pay back my debt.” “Why don’t you just give the rings back?” “I’ve tried twice now. At this point, the onus is not on me!” Aletha chuckled as she walked towards the tent entrance. “So what do we do now?” Quom asked, following her. “We wait for this Luke to come back and take care of her until then,” Aletha replied. “Wait about Plutt? Aren’t you worried he’s going to get a little annoyed about us meddling in what I assume is his meal ticket.” “Meal ticket?” “Based on Plutt’s dedication to the girl and the value of Mrs. Felicity Erso’s wedding ring, I’m going to guess that Mr. Luke Erso is pretty well off,” Quom held up Felicity’s engagement ring. Aletha’s eyes widened at the sight, “Maybe I should think about charging him for Rey’s medical costs.” “Tell me, Doctor, do you taken insurance in this little backwater outpost?” “Scavengers,” Aletha shook her head. She held open the tent flap, “Now, go on. You’ve got some ships to scavenge and you’re burning daylight.” Quom chuckled as he made to pass Aletha, but he suddenly came to a stop. “What is it?” Aletha asked. “Take a look,” Quom replied. Aletha joined Quom outside the tent and stopped short at the sight across the road. Plutt was furiously yelling at his goons, pointing back at her medical tent. They could make out the names Tinadar and Kymeri among his shouting. “Are you thinking what I’m thinking?” Quom asked. “Yep.” Aletha sighed, “I have a bad feeling about this.” Chapter 13 : The Kindness of Strangers Summary: On the day of Felicity's birthday, Aletha and Quom cross a line, and Luke makes a drunken mistake. Notes: Fun fact, a lot of this chapter includes things directly from the book Rey’s Survival Guide. It’s actually a really interesting book that gives you the best idea on Rey’s life on Jakku, and I’ve referenced it a few times in the past. In fact, Felicity teaching Rey to disconnect the fuel slug tank and saying, “That stuff’s dangerous” is a direct quote. Check it out if you have the chance. I AM A HORRIBLE LIAR. THE REUNION WILL NOT BE NEXT CHAPTER! THIS CHAPTER AGAIN GOT TOO BIG AND HAD TO BE SPLIT. IF I DIDN’T FOCUS SO MUCH ON CHARACTER’S FEELINGS AND PROPER DEVELOPMENT, THEN THIS CHAPTER WOULD HAVE BEEN THE ORIGINAL SIZE, BUT I CAN’T JUSTIFY NOT SPLITTING THIS CHAPTER WHEN THERE’S STILL ANOTHER FIVE SCENES THAT HAVE TO HAPPEN BEFORE LUKE CAN SET OFF FOR JAKKU. Also, the life on Jakku portion got expanded again and now the start of TFA is going to be chapter 26. I AM VERY SORRY. The Long Way Home Chapter Thirteen The Kindness of Strangers Dedicated to the lovely Thechosenbibliophile, a constant reviewer who submitted the 100th review. “What’s the most important danger in the graveyard when scavenging?” Quom quizzed. “Heat,” Rey automatically answered. “What are the four things you can do to protect yourself from it?” “Wear wrappings and sun goggles. Carry much more water than you need. Have replacement parts for your speeder. Leave the site ninety minutes before you think you should.” “Gold star,” Quom grinned. “Now pass me that wrench.” It had been two weeks since Quom found her crying, and Rey had spent every day with Quom, or Aletha on the days Quom ventured into the graveyard of ships to scavenge. “Mister Quom?” Rey had asked the first time Quom had handed off Rey to Aletha. “Why are you going into the ship graveyard? Aren’t you a mechanic?” “As much as I can be,” Quom had explained. “I only go out to the graveyard about once a month actually. I collect things that need repairs and bring them to my shop to fix up. Most scavengers take what only needs a little tweaking, but I do full restoration. In addition to my projects, sometimes people will bring me items they need fixing before they can sell it. You know, a lot of the stuff in the graveyard just needs a little elbow grease, but most scavengers don’t like thinking long term. When I run out of projects to work on, I go back out.” “Why don’t you just stay here and get people to bring you stuff all the time?” “People get really protective about their haul around these parts. They really don’t want to have to pay someone to fix something that either they can fix themselves, or that ends up costing more than they sell it for in the end. I would love it though, if I could get someone to either stay here and fix while I scavenge or vice versa.” Rey loved spending time with Quom. He reminded her of Uncle Han the way he would get her to help him fix things and teach her all about survival and mechanics. “How do you identify fuel, MG?” Quom used his nickname for Rey, which was short for Miracle Girl. “By the colours they leave in the sand,” Rey answered proudly. “Rhydonium is chrome and can be salvaged but don’t touch it with your bare skin. Barium is green, but it’s poisonous so be careful handling it. Rubidium is purple and strontium is red. You see it, you back up. Even breathing them in can kill you.” “Aletha’s right; you do have a great memory. Keep it up and you could write a book. Rey’s Survival Guide. Sounds like a bestseller.” Rey laughed. Although she preferred the company of Quom, Aletha was able to offer Rey something he couldn’t: stories about fighting in the Rebel Alliance. Even better was that Doctor Aletha had no connection to any of the Skywalker family, so she had a huge repertoire of material Rey hadn’t heard from her family or surplus of honorary uncles. It was especially interesting to hear stories about other aerial battles as Aletha’s late husband, Antar Kymeri had been a member of the Tierfon Yellow Aces, a squadron Rey had never even heard of. Rey loved hearing tales of all the battles Antar fought and the gruesome injuries Aletha had fixed up over the years. There were a few stories Rey wondered if Mommy and Daddy might not want her to hear, but Aletha had never been great with the concept of “maybe you shouldn’t tell the five-year-old the story of how your husband got in a ship crash and had to cut off his own arm to escape and survive.” Of course, Rey wasn’t great with the concept either and had simply proclaimed, “Daddy has a fake arm too! Except it’s not because it got pinned in a crash and he had to cut it off.” “Well, what happened then?” Aletha had asked. “His daddy cut it off.” Aletha decided to stop asking questions about Rey’s family. As Rey spent more time with Quom and Aletha, she found herself happy and not thinking about Mommy and Daddy so much. True, she would still leap to her feet every time a ship landed in Niima, but she was crying a lot less. There were even some nights where Rey didn’t feel sad enough to reach out to Daddy in the Force. Still, Rey missed her family and talked about them constantly, but Aletha and Quom were doing a good job of distracting her. It was a happy little arrangement they had come up with. And one that Unkar Plutt didn’t like. True, Rey still got her food and rides from him, but Aletha and Quom could sense the danger. It had become rare for them to look over their shoulder and not find one of Plutt’s cronies watching them. Even at times when they didn’t have Rey, Plutt’s men were still there like shadows. They were taking advantage of Quom and Aletha’s services a lot more, even coming in for the most minor of things like a small cut on their finger, or simply needing to turn a device off and back on again. And they would ask question; lots and lots of questions. Most of them were directed to Rey when she was around. How long have you been here today? Did Doctor Kymeri feed you anything? Did you get that new scarf from Tinadar? What’s he been teaching you? What’s that new bottle of vitamins Kymeri gave you? The questions for Aletha and Quom were even more intrusive. Why are you teaching her about the graveyard? Where have you taken her? What has she said about her family? Exactly how much does that bottle of vitamins cost? Why were you looking at children’s clothing at Tryvon’s stall yesterday? Has the child been doing anything weird or unusual, like magic tricks? Plutt’s men hadn’t done anything… yet. It was the yet part that worried Quom and Aletha. When darkness fell and Rey was long gone back to her walker for the day, they would secretly meet in each other’s tents. It was inconsistent whose place they would go to, as not to establish a pattern for Plutt. Two days at Quom’s, three at Aletha’s, alternate dates for a week, and so forth. They would discuss Rey and what their plan of action was if something happened. While Rey had continued to hide certain facts from one person over the other, Aletha and Quom had told each other all they knew. Aletha knew about Rey’s walker, while Quom knew that when Aletha had been saved, Phasma had called Rey’s mother Felicity Rhiaon. Unfortunately, neither of them had been familiar with the name, and didn’t know that she had stolen the Death Star plans (Luke Skywalker being the only name ever thrown around while Aletha was in the Alliance.) Nor did they know that Felicity Rhiaon was the name of Luke Skywalker’s wife, or that Rey was his daughter. Leia’s whole declaration of Rey’s death was not important enough news to reach Jakku, and indeed would not come to Jakku for over a decade. Many nights Aletha and Quom would try to puzzle out the mystery of the names Erso, Rhiaon, Rey, Luke, Felicity, and Jyn. Eventually they settled on just calling the family Rey, Felicity, and Luke Erso and would change it if there was a new reason. They had also decided on their plan of action which was to take as best care of Rey as possible without crossing a line with Plutt. This meant that sometimes they had to take a firm stance with Rey. Rey was not allowed to share her food with Aletha and Quom, even when she saw how little they had and how much she did. Rey was not allowed ask them to give her any rides, cook her food, or let her sleepover in their tents. Rey was not allowed to suggest that her parents were going to give the duo any form of compensation, and insisted to her that this all was merely out of the goodness of their hearts. Rey had been very confused by that one as she recalled Quom’s speech about how people on Jakku couldn’t do any such thing. So with Plutt’s minions watching their every move, Aletha and Quom walked a tightrope to take care of Rey without upsetting Plutt. But here’s the thing about tightropes; no matter how good of an acrobat you are, you can’t walk one forever. Eventually, you will lose your balance and fall. And ironically, it was a fall that did them in. He should have been watching her more carefully, Quom chastised himself. In fact, he probably should have just sent her to Aletha that day. Rey was too curious for her own good. Quom had turned his back for one minute, just one minute. Quom had been working on his speeder, a TS-742 that had always given him problems over the years. Rey had proclaimed his speeder was like her uncle’s ship, it kept breaking but Quom loved it so much that he would somehow patch the problem temporarily and leave the worry for another day. It had stopped working yet again and Quom was doing a deep repair. Many parts were laid out on the floor of his workshop – many sharp parts – and he was too focused on his repairs to notice Rey. The accident was inevitable. A loud shriek made Quom slam his head against the popped hood of the speeder and he spun around frantically to see the crying Rey. She was clutching her bloody knee, ripped open by a deep gash from something sharp she had tripped on. He immediately scooped her into his arms and made a beeline for Aletha’s tent. “Quom’s got you, MG. Don’t cry,” Quom assured Rey as he ran through the town, eyes following him as they sought the source of the wailing. He had no time to think about the number of those eyes belonging to Plutt’s minions. Aletha was tending to what she suspected to be a self-inflicted wound on Roke when Quom burst into her tent. “Doc, you gotta help me!” Quom exclaimed as Rey cried in his arms. “Put her on the cot,” Aletha was immediately on her feet. Rummaging through her drawers, Aletha asked, “What happened?” “I was fixing my speeder and she cut herself on a part,” Quom explained as he set Rey down on the cot in the back of the tent that served as both surgery bed and Aletha’s own sleeping area. Roke said nothing as he sat in his chair, lightly clutching the “injury” on his left arm. Observing the scene with a measured expression, Roke’s eyes felt like they were burning in Aletha’s back as she scrambled to fix Rey’s wound. “This is really deep,” Aletha frowned as she put some rubbing alcohol on a cloth. “Hold still, Sunshine. This is going to hurt.” Sharing a look with Aletha, Quom understood that Rey might lash out when Aletha put the cloth on her knee. Being in such a desolate place, medicine typically tended to be more of the makeshift/natural remedy/battlefield operation/frontier variety. Quom knew from experience that the alcohol Aletha used to clean wounds hurt twice as much as the more diluted solutions found in more civilized places, and with a gash that bad, Rey was going to hurt like hell. Standing behind her, Quom wrapped his arms around Rey in a pseudo hug. The gesture was comforting with its outward appearance, but Quom gripped Rey firmly enough to restrain her from hurting Aletha. “Be a good girl for the doctor, MG,” Quom cautioned Rey. Sure enough, when the cloth met skin a piercing scream ripped through the tent and Rey jerked violently in Quom’s grasp. Having plenty of muscle on her, Quom was able to hold her back, pulling her away every time a limb got too close to Aletha. He stroked Rey’s hair and whispered comforting words in her ear, but she sobbed hard as the stinging pain shot through her body. Aletha was resolute as ever, unphased by Rey’s actions. For someone who had once performed a impromptu appendectomy literally in the middle of a crossfire, putting some rubbing alcohol on a little girl’s knee was nothing. “Just a few more seconds… There!” Aletha declared as she pulled away the cloth and grabbed the roll of bandages on the table. Wrapping up Rey’s wound, Aletha smiled and asked, “That wasn’t so bad, was it?” Rey just sniffled. “You’re a brave girl,” Quom praised. “Just like your Mom.” That got a smile out of Rey. “She gonna be okay?” Roke asked, reminding everyone of his presence. “Plutt isn’t going to be happy if you damaged his merchandise.” Aletha narrowed her eyes at Roke’s cruel label, “She’ll be fine in the morning, but she needs to stay off her feet for the rest of the night. I suggest you take her home, otherwise she may aggravate the wound and develop more permanent injuries. The cut got very close to her tendon.” Roke chuckled, “I can run it by Plutt, but I can already tell you that the answer’s going to be no. He likes his people in town during the busy periods. I don’t think he’d even send Dirk off mid-day.” “Call him,” Quom challenged. “Excuse me?” “Call him. If he’s so determined to protect his…” Quom couldn’t bring himself to call Rey merchandise, “…ward, then he’ll send her home. Call him.” “Yes, call him,” Aletha smirked at Roke. Roke looked in surprise between the two who dared to stand up to Plutt. He thought about it for a minute, then smiled and exited the tent. As they listened to the vague arguing over Roke’s com outside, Aletha and Quom shared a look. Aletha nodded at Quom, and Quom nodded back before giving Rey’s shoulder a pat. They knew that they were about to do something very dangerous, but they would stand together as they did it. After about twenty minutes, the voices outside stopped and Roke walked back into the tent, ready to deliver the verdict. “Well?” Aletha pressed. “Plutt says no,” Roke answered. “The girl’s going home at the regular time.” “Did you tell him that if she doesn’t go home and rest that she could develop further injuries?” “He said that if that happened, you and him can press her dad into paying more.” “Are you kidding me?” Quom was disgusted. “He’d mess up this kid’s life to get more money?” Roke smirked, “You have met Unkar Plutt, haven’t you?” Quom gritted his teeth, resolving to make the dangerous and difficult decision he had to. He remembered how pale and dead Rey looked when he first came across her. He remembered how desperate and upset her mother was, and how much Felicity Erso had sacrificed to reunite her family. He had made a promise to help Rey when she needed it, and now was the time to pay back the debt he owed the Erso family. Even if that meant crossing Unkar Plutt and risking not only his food source, but his very life. “Doc, can MG walk?” Quom asked sending her a significant look. Aletha was silent for a moment as she processed the implications of Quom’s question. “I’d rather she be carried and stay off her feet for the rest of the day,” Aletha answered, her tone sending the unspoken message to be careful. “Alright,” Quom scooped Rey into his arms. “Let’s go, MG.” “What are you doing?” Roke snapped. “Well, if you’re not going to take her home, then I will,” Quom replied, staring at Roke with a look that said just try and take her from me . “Now, get out of my way.” “Plutt’s not going to be happy about this,” “Good thing I don’t care.” “You take that girl home, and Plutt’s not giving her food tonight.” Rey looked up and Quom fearfully, “Mister Quom-” “It’s okay, Sunshine,” Aletha said, pulling a ration packet out of a drawer. It was one of her emergency stash. “Take this.” Quom shifted Rey into the crook of his massive left arm and held up his right. Aletha tossed the ration to him, and he impressively caught it without dropping Rey. “There,” Aletha declared. “Food and a ride. I sent some medical supplies with her the other day, so you should have bandages if they need to be changed. Do you need anything else?” “Just for Roke to get out of my way,” Quom replied. He looked to Roke, “You going to cooperate?” Roke looked between the pair a few times. The silence was terrifying as Roke processed the fact that Aletha and Quom had outright challenged and defied Unkar Plutt. He met their eyes multiple times as if waiting for one to crack. But the strength in their eyes did not fail, and in fact it seemed to increase. They weren’t going to back, consequences be damned. “Alright,” Roke chuckled and surprised them by stepping aside. “If you’re sure.” “Positive,” Quom pushed past Roke. He instructed Rey, “Say goodbye to the doctor, MG.” “Bye, Doctor Aletha!” Rey called innocent to the dangerous situation formulating around her. “Bye, Sunshine,” Aletha gave a false smile as Quom carried Rey off. In a minute, they were gone. Roke and Aletha said nothing as they stood there unmoving, waiting to see who made the first move. Aletha knew that she had just sealed her fate by committing the worst offence against Plutt possible: she had provided Rey with food. With Quom, she had challenged Plutt’s claim of reward from Luke Erso. She looked Roke dead in the eye. “I won’t hesitate to do it again,” Aletha avowed in a measured voice. Roke gave a dark laugh, “Perfect.” Quom probably pushed his luck by not only driving his barely repaired speeder out to Rey’s walker, but also by staying with her in it the rest of the day. The walker had changed slightly since the last time he had been there, but he couldn’t help but stay there. As much as Felicity Erso had tried to make the walker into a home, it was so lonely and he couldn’t bear leaving Rey alone in it. Rey was ecstatic to show Quom her home. She showed him her hammock and her doll. She showed him her tally marks and proudly proclaimed that she was doing it for her Mommy. She showed him the parts of the walker she had explored and Quom checked through everything eliminating dangers Rey and her mother had overlooked. When it came to identifying dangers in the structure of a walker, Felicity Rhiaon may have been an architect but Quom Tinadar was a scavenger. Quom was impressed with the presence of mind Rey demonstrated to him. She refused to divulge any secret stashes or even let him look in the duffle bag at the contents Felicity had once used to barter Rey’s life for with him. Even after he pointed that out, Rey still wouldn’t let him look inside. He was a little disappointed as he had wanted to ask her about something he had seen in it that had been gnawing at his mind. Two silver tubes with buttons on the side that made Felicity Erso tense up when he touched them. Oh well, maybe some mysteries weren’t meant to be solved. As much as he enjoyed spending time with Rey in her walker, it eventually started to get dark. “I should get going,” Quom declared. “What?” Rey’s eyes went wide. “You’re leaving now ?” “I have to, MG. It’s too dangerous to drive when it’s dark.” “I just thought, maybe…” Rey trailed off, looking down at the sand guiltily. “What?” Quom asked. Rey took a deep breath, “Mister Quom, can you stay with me tonight?” Quom was shocked, “What? Stay with you? No, I couldn’t-” “It’s scary at night and… And I get sad and lonely. I thought maybe if you were around, I wouldn’t be so sad.” Damn it. Rey’s eyes were filled with shame and tears and she looked so cutely pathetically. It wasn’t fair to Quom! He was already in so much trouble with Plutt, but staying overnight was taking it to a whole new level. And yet she look so damn cute and sad, how could he possibly say no? Quom didn’t know what had brought Rey to Jakku. He didn’t know why the First Order was after them so much. He didn’t know why she was separated from her father or what was taking Luke Erso so damn long to get there. He didn’t know why death had been the only answer for Felicity Erso. He didn’t know what had happened to this innocent little girl, but he knew something bad had happened. He had suspected for a while that Rey may have had a mild case of PTSD from whatever happened to her. There had been many times Quom had said something off hand only for Rey to suddenly go reeling into some horrifying memory he struggled to calm her down from. Yet, despite all the blanks that needed to be filled in, Quom had uncovered one answer. "A nice house with a bed where you can sleep safe and sound?" Quom had asked all those weeks ago. Rey shut her eyes tight and grabbed her head. Rey had been triggered by the mention of being safe in her bed. Something had happened to this little girl while she was asleep, and here she was begging him to stay with her while she slept. How could he possibly say no? Quom sighed, “You know, you’re lucky you’re cute.” Rey giggled, “I know.” “Hey, don’t let it get to your head. You’re only cute for a human. You should see Vrogem children. Now come on, MG, let’s get you to bed.” Quom took great care as he tucked Rey into the hammock. She seemed a lot calmer than normal, the usual sad look behind her eyes all but disappeared. He told Rey a story of one of his scavenging adventures, and settled down on the piece of panelling that Felicity had used for a bed. He ended up falling asleep before Rey, but she didn’t mind. She was so relaxed by the thought that she could fall asleep knowing there was someone to protect her, and soon she had drifted off to sleep herself. Though she didn’t realise it, that night she didn’t reach out to her father in the Force. Luke had done some terrible things since the death of his wife and child. He had abandoned all responsibilities and fled into the night like a coward. He had walked away from his family and friends without so much a word. He had banished his mentors from contacting them, blaming them for failures they couldn’t fix. He had spent every waking moment in the last nearly three months getting drunk as a means to forget his pain. He had tortured himself by watching over and over again the footage of his wife getting shot in the head. And yet, despite it all, Luke Skywalker had not yet hit rock bottom. … But he was about to. The night Quom stayed with Rey in her walker had actually been the day of Felicity Rhiaon’s forty-first birthday. Rey had no way of realising this fact, but Luke could not let himself forget. Felicity had never been one for grandiose birthday celebrations. A Felicity Rhiaon birthday mainly consisted of a few presents in the morning and a com call with birthday greetings from Mon Mothma, the Damerons, and her friends in the Emissary Office. Diego, Han, Leia, and Chewbacca would come to Rornian for a visit. Lando would join them too, but it wasn’t so much that Felicity wanted him there as Lando never passed up an opportunity to come to Rornian to see Alyla and get a free meal. Felicity would try to go to work as normal, only to be dragged off by her friends to some simple activity like spending the day at the lake. The group plus a handful of Jedi Felicity was close to would have a nice dinner together, and then Leia and Han would take Ben and Rey for the night so Luke and Felicity could have an uninterrupted night of lovemaking. That was probably one of the harder missing points for Luke that night. It had been almost four months since Felicity had been shot, and nearly seven since he had made love to her. At first his mourning had been focused on the general thought of living without her. Eventually it turned to more specific thoughts like never sleeping next to her, never kissing her, never having another child with her, never dancing with her, never stargazing with her, never comforting her while she cried, or never intimidating Rey’s first boyfriend (or girlfriend) with her. He, Felicity, and Han literally had a file folder filled with ideas on how to mess with Rey’s significant other should Rey even pursue a romantic relationship with someone. But all of that had been focused on missing their emotional and romantic relationship, it was only when the shock had faded away and living without Felicity normalized that Luke suddenly was starting to deal with losing their physical relationship. Sure, he had thought about the fact that he would never get to make love to her again, but it was the first time he was struggling with craving it. And so, on the night of Felicity’s birthday, Luke found himself facing an unexpected question. How was he supposed to handle moments of lust when his wife was dead? Even worse, what was he supposed to do when that lust centered around thoughts of her? Was it wrong to feel that way? To think of her in that way? To center his thoughts on the physical attributes of hers he loved? Would doing something to… alleviate those urges dishonour Felicity’s memory? Of course, Luke would never take some other woman to bed to deal with the situation, but there were other things he could do. Luke really had to stop this train of thought. After a few drinks in, Luke called it an early night and tried to go to bed. Yet as he lay in bed, once again desperate to sleep, he found something odd. For the first time in nearly a month, Luke didn’t get the image of Rey in the desert begging him to come back. Did that meant he was healing? No, nothing had changed since the previous night. In fact, with the painful reminder of Felicity’s birthday, Luke’s sorrow had probably increased in the last day cycle. He tossed and turned for hours, struggling to get to sleep, but he couldn’t without the strange urges from the equally strange visions. Eventually, Luke gave up; he couldn’t sleep so he might as well go downstairs back to the bar and have a few more drinks. No bothering to throw on his hooded cloak, Luke returned to the bar. He ordered a drink, his famous features broadcasting his identity to all the patrons. As his drink was placed in front of him, Luke threw it back in one go, not caring if anyone recognized him. But as he set down his glass, he was surprised to find someone he recognized. Luke blinked a few times, confused and stunned at the figure sitting by herself at a booth in the corner. Pale skin, petite stature, hazel eyes, angular facial lines, straight brown hair that fell a little ways past her shoulders, and the right corner of her mouth quirked in an irresistible smirk. Luke would know that face anywhere. “Felicity,” Luke whispered as he stared at the woman who unmistakeably looked like his wife. “It can’t be. It’s impossible. It can’t be her.” And Luke was right, it wasn’t her. True, the woman did look identical to Felicity Rhiaon in a genuinely terrifying case of doppelgängers, but it wasn’t her. It took Luke’s alcohol riddled brain several minutes to realize that the woman didn’t look like a forty-one-year-old Felicity Rhiaon, but rather a thirty -one-year-old Felicity Rhiaon, exactly like how Luke first met her. Luke sighed, chastising himself for daring to hope. It hadn’t been the first time we thought he saw Felicity or Rey wandering around. The sight of brunette females had been tricking Luke for months. He had long last track of how many times he had embarrassed himself by running up to some strange woman thinking she was his wife. Even worse were the times he had approached little girls he mistook as Rey. He turned away from Felicity’s double, ordered another drink. But it was too late, he had drawn the attention of the woman. “Excuse me,” the woman approached Luke. “I don’t mean to interrupt, but I noticed you were looking at me.” “Oh, yes,” Luke cleared his throat, looking away from the familiar face. He was slightly relieved to find that the woman’s voice didn’t sound identical to Felicity… although it was a little similar. “I’m sorry, I thought you looked like someone I know. Sorry for interrupting you.” “You didn’t,” the woman had a grin that held a secret. “You’re Luke Skywalker, aren’t you?” Luke hesitated. “Don’t worry,” the woman said. “I won’t tell anyone it’s you or that you’re here, I just am honored to meet you if you are. As in, you have no idea how much I’ve always wanted to meet you.” “I guess there’s no point in hiding it,” Luke chuckled. He had always been amused when he met a fan. “Yes, I’m Luke Skywalker. And you are?” “Sienna Ternan,” the woman replied, settling in the chair next to Luke. “So this woman you thought I was… that was Felicity Rhiaon?” Luke gave a sad sigh, “Yeah, but uh… I knew it was impossible.” “Don’t worry,” Sienna patted his hand in a comforting gesture, “it’s certainly not the first time. Ever since she came into the spotlight, I’ve had people constantly mistaking me for her. It’s actually gotten really uncomfortable lately with having to explain to people that no, I’m not Felicity Rhiaon who secretly faked her death.” Luke was silent. Sienna bit her lip, “I’m sorry for your loss. From what I heard, she was a wonderful woman.” “She was,” Luke looked away, wiping a tear from his eye. Sienna was quiet for a few moments, wrestling with her next words. “Uh, Master Skywalker?” Sienna asked. “Luke,” Luke urged. “Call me, Luke.” “Luke,” Sienna smiled. “I know it’s kind of embarrassing, and you probably get asked this all the time… but, can I take a picture with you?” “A picture?” Luke repeated in surprise. It certainly wasn’t the first person to ask him that, but it was very unexpected for the situation. “It’s stupid, but my friends and I have this sort of game,” Sienna explained. “Since I get mistaken so much for Felicity Rhiaon, and people actually ask for pictures with me, we started trying to find ways for me to meet and get a picture with different people who know- well… knew her.” “You’re kidding?” Luke was surprised to find himself grinning. There was something so innocent and undemanding about the way she was speaking with him. She wasn’t like so many others who wanted to talk about nothing but his loss, but rather just talk about something fun. “Yeah, we have this list of people associated with her, and we ranked them. Every picture that person arranges, you get a certain amount of points. After Felicity herself, you are obviously the highest ranked person. I’ve been trying to pull ahead in the points with my friends for years, but they’re much better at tracking your people down.” Luke chuckled, “Who all have you met?” “Loads. Mostly Rebels and Senators. But there’s been Admiral Akbar, her ex-fiancé, Pax, there was Diego Nalto, Nils Arlos, Lando Calrissian, and a few Jedi even. I’m surprised you haven’t heard about it.” “To be honest, someone probably mentioned it in passing,” Luke shrugged. “So how many points am I worth?” “500. Felicity was 1000. I’m currently at 347 points. My buddy, Eran’s at 738. I’d love to pull ahead, and also just have proof that I met, well, Luke freaking Skywalker himself.” The smile on Luke’s face froze as an unwanted memory pushed to the forefront of his mind. A memory of the conversation that had pushed Luke and Felicity from people acquaintances to friends. "So, you knew Shara too?” Felicity said at the funeral of Shara Bey. “Or are you here because you're well… Luke freaking Skywalker and can pretty much freely attend any Rebellion affiliated event you want?" Luke chuckled, "As true as that may be, I actually did know Shara. In fact, her last mission with the Rebellion was helping me track down a Force Sensitive tree." Felicity raised a brow, "A Force Sensitive tree? You're joking right?" "Why would I joke about that?" "Come on!" Felicity laughed. "It's hard enough to believe in the Force on its own, but now you're asking me to believe there are trees that are 'one with the Force?'" Luke then recalled Felicity's speech at the Tenth Anniversary Celebration of the Battle of Yavin where they met, "You don't believe in the Force?" "I believe it to an extent," Felicity admitted. "I believe you personally can sense people's emotions and move things with your mind, but the whole destiny aspect is where you lose me. There's no mystical force that decides my fate, and if there is – after everything its taken from me – I want nothing to do with it." Luke swallowed hard. He had to stop thinking about her. He had to stop thinking about how Felicity had ultimately been right about not wanting anything to do with a mystical force that takes everything one loves away from them. And he had to stop thinking about how much Sienna looked like Felicity. “Are you okay?” Sienna asked. “Yeah,” Luke cleared his throat. “I’m fine.” “Good. So where are we on that picture? You in?” Luke grinned, “Only if you buy the next round.” “Deal,” Sienna signalled to the bartender. They had the bartender tended take the picture using Sienna’s tablet, and Luke had her join him in the next round of drinks… and the next… and the next. Luke found it very easy to losing himself in conversation with Sienna. It was probably from how much she looked like Felicity, and how much alcohol they were consuming. They had long lost track of how many drinks they had, each offering to buy the other just one more. And that was how Luke spent his wife’s forty-first birthday. Lonely, missing the visions Rey would send him, unable to sleep, drinking copious amounts of alcohol, desiring to make love to Felicity once more, and chatting it up with a woman who looked identical to her. It was a recipe for disaster. “You know what I don’t get,” Sienna’s loud words were slurred. She and Luke were away past the point of no return level of drunk. To be honest, it was very surprising that neither of them had passed out. “Why the heck did it take you so long to get married?” “Because I have very bad luck with women,” Luke chuckled. Both had lost their inhibitions on topics of conversation. Luke was so far gone, he probably would have regaled Sienna with a play-by-play of Rey’s conception if she asked. “I dated a lot of attention-seeking drama queens, and people who wanted my money. I even had one girlfriend, Calla, who was just flat out insane. When I got engaged to Felicity, Calla took out a hit on my sister.” “You’re joking.” “I am dead serious. But it wasn’t all my fault. My brother and sister apparently actually used to chase off any girl they thought wasn’t worthy of me.” “Well, what made Felicity so worthy?” Sienna asked. “Because it wasn’t just about being a romantic couple,” Luke said, gulping down another drink. “That’s the secret to finding a good relationship. To making it work. Felicity and I are friends first, partners second, and lovers third. That’s my advice to you, young Padawan. Marry your best friend… or second best friend. I didn’t marry my best friend, Han. He married my sister after knocking her up in an Ewok village.” Sienna burst out laughing, laughing harder and louder than what was appropriate. “But that doesn’t mean that because she was my lover third, that she wasn’t a good lover,” Luke chuckled to himself. “As smart and intelligent and independent and loyal and passionate and smart and athletic and creative and smart and funny and caring and smart as she was… that woman had one hell of a body, and by God did she know how to use it. Oh, and she was smart. I think I forgot to say that.” “You know, I don’t think I’m allowed to say she was pretty without looking arrogant,” Sienna smiled. “Do I really look like her?” “Too much. You have no idea how many times I kept thinking you’re her and having to stop myself from doing something to you… I’m sorry. I don’t mean to be creepy. I promise I’m not going to try anything.” “That’s ok… You don’t seem like you’d do something like that. Besides, we barely can stay on our bar stools. I think if you jumped on me, we’d both fall down.” “Most likely,” Luke grabbed Sienna’s arm as she tipped precariously to the side. Sienna laughed as Luke brought her upright, but he didn’t let go of her arm. “So, she was attractive?” Sienna asked. “Very much so,” Luke nodded. “The most beautiful woman in the galaxy.” “I wish I can find someone who thought I was the most beautiful woman in the galaxy.” “Well, considering how much you look like the woman I think deserves that title, I think you get at least half points from me.” “Man, if you were like five years younger and unmarried, I probably would try something with you.” “So that wasn’t your original intention when you can to talk to me?” Luke teased. “I’m just after a picture and freeze booze,” Sienna laughed as the bartender refilled their glasses. “I guess I just need to find your doppelgänger.” “If you do, promise to send me a wedding invite.” “I will take that up on you, good sir!” Sienna downed her drink in time Luke. “So… tell me, what feature did you like most about her… or us I guess.” “Her hair,” Luke admitted. “I think I’ve always had a thing for hair. Probably some strange incestuous thing considering how nice the hair is in my family. But I am not going down the road of incest… again.” Sienna giggled again… she was definitely a happy drunk. “But Felicity’s hair was just so long and soft and just the right shade of brown,” Luke had a faraway look in his eyes. “She usually just threw it in a bun, especially during formal events. My favorite part was undoing her hair tie and it cascading down her shoulders.” Sienna unconsciously tucked back a lock of her hair. “Or when it fanned out around her on the bed as I laid atop, making love to her,” Luke continued, losing himself in memories. “Her expressive hazel eyes squeezed shut, her mouth hanging open in ecstasy. Those soft, sweet lips that I could just kiss all day. The way the taste lingers on my tongue.” Sienna licked her lips. “And her legs,” Luke chuckled. “Smooth and muscular. I miss the way they wrapped around my hips. I miss trailing my lips from calf to thigh, her moans getting louder as she squirmed in expectation.” Sienna squirmed as she crossed her legs. “I wish… I wish I could make love to her one last time. Kiss her. Touch her. Taste her. Make her call my name. Love her until she bucked against me and-” Sienna’s lips were on his. “Woah, woah, woah!” Luke pulled away in shock. “What are you doing?” “I don’t know,” Sienna look genuinely embarrassed. “I just got lost in what you were saying and wondering how all those incredible things would feel. I didn’t mean to. I promise.” “I believe you,” Luke said. “Look, I can’t deny the fact that I’m extremely attracted to you. How could I not be when you look so much like her? But that’s why I can’t do this. It wouldn’t be because I wanted you, it would be because I want her… God, I want her so much.” Sienna looked down and considered her words. She was a sensible woman who had just wanted a picture with Luke Skywalker, but in the fog of alcohol and lust it had taken an abrupt turn. She couldn’t deny the fact that in that moment, she wanted Luke Skywalker. Not for bragging rights, not for fulfilling her teenage fantasies, but simply because she wanted to be touched the way he had described. And because this nice man had had his heart broke so terribly, and she wanted to make him feel happy again. Then Sienna said something that she would spend the rest of her life hating herself for saying. “What if you could have her?” Sienna asked. Luke’s eyes met Sienna’s and he understood. “No, I couldn’t,” Luke said, hating that a part of him liked the idea. “I couldn’t do that to you or her.” “I wouldn’t tell anyone.” “That’s not why I’m saying no.” “Then why? You want her but you can’t have her. But you can have me, the closest approximation to her. Look, I don’t care what goes through your head. I don’t care if you call me her name, or pretend that I’m her. Let me help you. Let me give you closure. Luke… let me be her.” Luke closed his eyes and kissed Sienna. “Sienna,” Luke whispered as he pulled back for air. “Felicity,” Sienna urged. Luke smiled, “Felicity.” It was just a horrible set of factors that caused Luke to do it. Too much alcohol, too much sorrow, too much resemblance, too painful a day, and too much unbridled lust. He kissed her as if he were kissing Felicity. Sure, it wasn’t the same, Sienna not knowing how Felicity would kiss him, and uttering a different set of moans, but it was close enough. As his lips moved along her jaw and down her neck, Luke could pretend for a moment that he had his wife again. And beneath the fuzz of the alcohol, he fully intended on ending this in his room. Luke’s hands wrapped around her waist and pulled her off the bar. His lips ran across her neck as he began to lead her to the stairs to his room. “Oh, Luke,” Sienna giggled as his scruffy facial hair pleasurable scratched against her neck. “I love your beard.” It was like someone threw a bucket of ice water over his head. Luke reeled back from Sienna, regaining his senses immediately. She liked his beard? The beard that Felicity had hated so much she refused to sleep with him, as in literally moving into the guest room to not share her bed with him? The woman he was kissing was not Felicity and never could be. We was using some strange girl as a proxy for his dead wife. He was dishonouring this girl, he was dishonouring his wife, and he was dishonouring himself. “I… I’m sorry, Sienna,” Luke said. “It was nice meeting you.” Luke turned and went back up to his room alone. He threw himself on his bed and cried. “I’m sorry, Felicity!” Luke begged into the Force. “I’m so sorry!” A vision overtook his mind of Felicity curled up in the corner of a small room, crying hysterically into her hands. “Why Luke? Why did you do it?” Felicity’s body shook with her sobs. “I’m sorry,” Luke told the vision. “I’m sorry, Felicity.” On the night of Felicity’s forty-first birthday, filling with regret and drunk off his ass, Luke Skywalker cried himself to sleep. The next morning, Luke found a holo recording disc slipped under his door. He was surprised to turn it on and find the recording of an extremely guilty Sienna Ternan. “Luke, I left the inn this morning but I wanted you to know that I’m so sorry about last night,” Sienna’s recording said. “I didn’t mean for it to happen, and I’m sorry for even suggesting pretending to be her, much less actually going through with it. Thanks again for the picture, and I wish you the best of luck in your travels. Goodbye and may the Force be with you.” The recording flicked off and Luke smiled. Faults and all, Sienna Ternan appeared to be a genuinely nice girl. He hoped someday she’d find that Luke Skywalker doppelgänger. So with a half smile on his face, Luke Skywalker packed up his room and moved on to the next planet. Chapter 14 : Alone Again Summary: Quom and Aletha learn the price of crossing Unkar Plutt, and Luke plots a course for Ahch-to. Notes: Okay, I totally had no intention to bring back Sienna, but one of the reviewers asked to see a scene with her friends where she gets her points, and I just loved the idea of it. I promise, she’s not going to be a recurring character, but I thought it would be fun to tie up that loose end. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The Long Way Home Chapter Fourteen Alone Again The sun was just barely beginning to shine on Jakku, but Niima Outpost was already alive with the activities of Unkar Plutt and his minions. Crowding around the concession stand, they waited for Roke to return with his report. “Well?” Unkar Plutt demanded as Roke approached. “Confirmed,” Roke reported. “Tinadar didn’t come home last night. He gave the girl a ride and spent the night with her.” “And Kymeri gave her food?” “A ration packet. Tinadar probably cooked it for the kid.” “Well, then, it seems we have a problem to deal with. Roke, take a few of the men to the walker to deal with Tinadar,” Plutt ordered. “And the doctor?” Roke asked. “I’ll deal with her myself,” Plutt grinned. “And when you’re done with Tinadar, bring him to the doctor’s. I think it’s time we three had a chat.” Quom Tinadar was aware of the figure standing over him before he had even fully woken up. It took him a few moments to remember why he was sleeping on a piece of panelling in Rey Erso’s walker, but when he opened his eyes and saw Roke, it all came rushing back. “Good morning,” Roke grinned, backed by four others of Unkar Plutt’s goons. Panicked, Quom tried to jump to his feet, only for Roke to step on his chest, pinning him to the ground. “There’s no rush, Tinadar,” Roke chuckled. “It’s barely morning. You rest easy.” “Mister Quom?” a whimper came from Rey’s hammock. She was clutching her pilot doll, curled up, making the tiniest ball she could. Rey whispered as if she could magically make only Quom hear her words, “What’s going on?” “And good morning to you, too,” Roke turned to Rey with a smile she knew meant no good. “Did you sleep well with Tinadar here last night?” Rey gave a reluctant nod. “Good,” Roke’s toothy grin was truly terrifying. “Now get a move on! Dirk’s taking you to the Outpost to have breakfast this morning.” “What about Mister Quom?” Rey dared to ask. “We have some… business to take care of.” Quom didn’t like the look in Roke’s eyes. Rey looked fearfully at Quom, “But-” “MOVE!” Roke roared. Rey clumsily scampered out of the hammock and hid herself behind Dirk’s legs. “Dirk,” Roke shot a look at the goon. Dirk grabbed Rey’s hand and lead her out of the tent, “I really like your doll. Where’d you get it?” “Mommy made it,” Rey answered. “That’s so cool! Do you think she could make me something?” “I can ask her when she gets back.” “Cool! I want an acklay.” Pinned down by Roke, Quom listened nervously as a speeder started up and Rey and Dirk’s voices became more distant. No one said a word, the tension inside the walker building as Roke stared at the entrance of the walker… waiting. And then the voices were gone. “Take him!” Quom didn’t have time to get away. The second Roke moved his foot, two goons grabbed Quom under his armpits and hauled him up. Quom tried to jerk from their grasp but the third goon slammed a fist into Quom’s face. Going limp in their arms, the goons forcibly dragged him out of the walker into the lonely desert. Roke followed them, observing the situation clinically like he was a member of corporate upper management in Unkar Plutt Rations Incorporated. He was willing to let the other goons do the dirty work… until they threw Quom on the ground. They beat him. A flurry of fists and kicks pounding his flesh. Eight arms and nine legs – Plutt’s goons were a diverse set of creatures – doing all they could to inflict as much pain on Quom as possible. He tried to fight back, but there were four of them, each with at least a hundred pounds of muscle on him. Quom didn’t stand a chance. All he saw was hate, limbs, and spots of black. And he felt was unbelievable, unending pain. All he tasted was blood, dust, and sand. All he heard were his own screams. And all he smelt was… well, he was getting beaten in a desert, there honestly wasn’t much to smell. It felt like it went on for hours, though admittedly Quom’s beating probably only lasted sixty minutes at the most. But it did cease, and when it did, Quom lay before them, a mess, unable to move, unable to do anything but moan in pain looking pathetic. After an embarrassing stretch of time as the goons mocked and watched his humiliation, Roke gave a chuckle. “Don’t get too comfortable, Tinadar,” Roke warned. “We’re not done yet.” Quom was suddenly hoisted up by two of the goons. They dragged Quom to his own speeder – theirs having been taken by Dirk and Rey – and threw Quom into the backseat. “Come on, Tinadar,” Roke climbed into the pilot’s seat. “We have to go see the doctor.” Aletha was doing her weekly inventory when Unkar Plutt and a few of his goons walked into her tent. She tensed at the sight of them. It wasn’t their appearance that surprised her – she had been waiting for this since she and Quom dared to defy Plutt – but she was surprised when they starting hauling into her tent brand new, extremely expensive medical equipment. “What’s this?” Aletha demanded. She was standing straight and slightly puffing out her chest to show she was standing her ground and that Plutt didn’t scare her. “I’ve thought very hard about the offer Rey’s mother made you, and thought I’d help out,” Plutt explained. “I got you everything needed to replace what the First Order destroyed, so when her father comes he can just pay me for it rather than you having to go through all that hassle.” “Is that so?” Aletha arched a brow. Observing her new equipment, she knew Plutt had bought many things she hadn’t originally possessed. “I bought all the best equipment-” “You mean the most expensive. Plutt grinned, “Is there a difference?” Aletha didn’t dignify a response, “I appreciate the gesture, Plutt, but I’m afraid this isn’t necessary. I can deal with her father myself, and besides, I’ve already obtained most of what I need.” “Yeah… about that.” Plutt snapped his fingers. Aletha shrieked when one goon grabbed her by the waist, restraining her as the rest began smashing and destroying her old inventory. “No! Stop!” Aletha screamed, struggling in the goon’s grasp. She cried out as the goon suddenly threw her to the ground and started beating her. “That’s enough,” Plutt ordered after several minutes, though Aletha’s beating did not endure nearly as long as Quom’s. “The doctor has a patient to attend to.” Four of Plutt’s men entered the tent, and Quom was suddenly thrown next to Aletha. Both of them were beaten and bloody, but Quom looked like he could barely move. “Doc,” Quom moaned. “You okay?” “It’s okay, Quom,” Aletha assured him. “We both knew what we were signing up for.” “I know. And you know what’s funny?” “What?” “I’d do it again in a heartbeat.” Aletha smiled and grabbed Quom’s hand, “Me too.” Both were met with a swift kick to the face. “Worth it,” Quom grinned. The goons grabbed Quom and Aletha and sat them on Aletha’s cot. Plutt pulled up a chair across from them, his bulbous mass threatening to fracture it into kindling. His goons lined up behind him, forming a menacing wall of muscle. “We have a problem,” Plutt began. “And that problem is the girl.” Aletha sighed, “Plutt-” “Quiet!” Plutt snapped. “I think you two misunderstand the situation. That girl is not yours to take care of. Sure, entertain her, keep an eye on her, give her lessons, give her free medical care even. But you do not give her food.” Plutt’s burning eyes locked with Aletha’s. She did not look away. “You do not give her rides,” Plutt looked to Quom. Quom did not look away. “You don’t give her clothing. You don’t give her water. And you sure as hell don’t sleep at her feet like a hothead dog!” “Hey!” Quom snapped at the Vrogem slur. “In case you forget, her mother made a deal with me. Me!” Plutt roared. “Not either of you. I am her protector and provider! I am the one to watch out for her! I am the one to keep her alive!” “And what about comfortable?” Aletha challenged. “What about happy? That girl is heartbroken and lonely!” “I don’t give a damn,” Plutt replied. “Her mother told me to keep her fed, clothed, hydrated, safe, and distracted. I didn’t agree to entertained or happy or wipe her tears at night. It is not my fault that the girl is heartbroken and lonely. It’s the fault of the mother who abandoned her.” “Hey!” Quom snapped. A ripple of indignation shot through Quom and Aletha. Plutt may have witnessed the moment Felicity Erso left her child, but they had been witnesses to how destroyed she had been by that decision. “How dare you?” Aletha whispered, unable to say anything more. “We all know that her mother is dead,” Plutt continued. “No doubt the First Order put a bolt through her temple the first chance they had. But you know who isn’t dead? Her father. Now, if you haven’t guessed yet, her father is a very rich man. One whom I plan to take full advantage of. If I have to take care of his brat, I’m going to get my money’s worth. But imagine what will happen if he comes here and the girl tells him, ‘No, Unkar Plutt didn’t take care of me. Aletha Kymeri and Quom Tinadar did.’ Well… then we’ll have a problem.” Aletha and Quom said nothing as Plutt let the tent fill with silence. “But if you two continue to overstep your bounds and assume the role of caretaker, we’re going to have an even bigger problem. Don’t you think it would be so tragic if Rey’s father were to finally get here, only to be told that his daughter… well, his daughter had an accident .” Quom’s head snapped up. “You wouldn’t,” Aletha gasped. “You both know I would,” Plutt smirked. “If that girl is going to be worth nothing to me, then she’s going to be worth nothing to you. Since these beatings have proven that you’re willing to endure violence for the girl, then maybe violence against her will make you behave.” Quom’s eyes burned with hatred, “And what is going to stop me from telling her father about your threats?” “Because from this moment on, the girl will always be within arm’s reach of my men,” Plutt answered. “The second you tell her father what I said, my man snaps her neck. If her father is going to kill me over something, I’m going to make sure it’s for a damn good reason.” The hate coming off of Aletha and Quom in that moment was palpable. “You disgust me,” Aletha whispered. “Here’s how things are going to work from now on,” Plutt said. “You are going to graciously accept my gift of medical equipment and let me charge her father for the cost. We’ll just pretend that the items you originally gathered were the ones destroyed by the First Order, and the items they destroyed were actually destroyed by me. You replaced the items I destroyed, and the husband follows through on Rhiaon’s promise. Everything’s fair then.” Aletha let out a mirthless chuckle. Plutt ignored her, “Now when it comes to Rey, you can continue to watch her during the day, but if I catch you overstepping your bounds again then I’ll consider that as you deciding to take over the role of her caretaker. And we all know what that means. Do you understand?” “Yes,” Aletha hissed through gritted teeth. If looks could kill, the ones Quom and Aletha were giving Plutt would have killed him ten times over. “Good,” Plutt smiled. “Come on, boys. We’re done here.” The group thundered out the tent one by one, darkly joking among themselves about what just happened. “Oh, Doctor?” Roke turned as he reached the tent flap. He was the final one to exit. He gestured to the broken glass and machinery on the floor as well as their bloody wounds “You might want to clean this place up. It’s hardly professional.” Quom had to physically restrain Aletha from tearing out Roke’s throat. Rey slipped away from Dirk the first moment she could. She had been scared for Mister Quom since Roke had pinned him to the ground. Then Plutt, Roke, and the other goons returned to the concession stand with bloody knuckles and joking about Mister Quom and Doctor Aletha. Rey knew she had get to them. She was aware that one of the goons was tailing her, but she ran as fast as her little legs could carry her. Reaching Aletha’s tent, Rey would have thrown open the flap when she felt something jolt through the Force. “Stop!” a ghostly voice ordered. Rey failed to recognize the voice of Obi-Wan Kenobi, although unbeknownst to anyone, she had heard him, Yoda, and her grandfather through the Force before. Rey knew that she could trust the voices. The voices had always only said things that protected her, though she hadn’t yet figured out to have a conversation with them. She didn’t find the phenomena of hearing them weird, having witnessed her own father talking to them through the Force. Rey had even secretly seen the blue outline of Anakin Skywalker talking to Daddy once. Following Obi-Wan’s instructions, Rey paused at the tent flap and listened as Quom and Aletha spoke inside. “We can’t just stop taking care of her, Doc,” Quom said. “I know, but we need to figure out a way to do this without anyone getting hurt,” Aletha replied. “I’m willing to take as many beatings as possible, but if they go after Rey-” A barrage of images filled Rey’s head. The Force revealed to her the events of that morning. Quom’s beating. Aletha’s attack. Plutt’s threat. Graciously, the Force spared Plutt’s discussion of Felicity’s likely death. Rey hesitated outside the tent. She knew what she would see if she entered the tent: Aletha’s equipment destroyed and Quom and Aletha injured from their beatings. Beatings they had happily endured to protect her. Rey was young and naïve, misunderstanding jokes about curses as literal, and unable to use common sense to find her way to Unkar Plutt without Quom’s help. But she did understand the concept of selflessly putting yourself in harm’s way to protect someone else. It was a complicated lesson she had learned a year previous from Uncle Han. Uncle Han had shown up at their front door unannounced, as he usually did. Rey had been happy to greet him, racing forward to tackle him in a hug, but Mommy and Daddy had been very unhappy. Uncle Han was bruised and bloody, fresh from one of his many adventures. Rey watched as Uncle Han had greeted Ben with an air of surprise, almost like he had forgotten the living location of his own son. The tension was increased when Han pulled Ben into an awkward hug, almost like an afterthought, only to quickly push him away when Ben hurt one of his bruised ribs. Ben had made a cold comment about how Uncle Han never bothered to visit him without getting beaten up, and Daddy told Ben to take Rey and go his room. Ben had spent a long time with Rey in his room, ranting about how much he didn’t like his father. He then got frustrated when Rey failed to understand how someone couldn’t like their daddy, especially since it was Fun Uncle Han, and going on about how much she loved hers. Eventually Ben decided to start beating the punching bag Mommy got him for his fifteenth birthday (the only time Felicity and Ben had actually genuinely gotten along.) Rey watched as Ben did the weird thing where he started muttering to himself like he was having a conversation with a person only he could hear. Rey always thought he must be speaking to Grandfather Skywalker as Ben talked about him a lot. With Ben distracted, Rey took the opportunity to sneak downstairs. Hiding behind the couch, Rey tried with all her might to block her Force Signature from her father. It was the very first thing Daddy taught his students as it was the first line of defence they had. An enemy can’t hurt you if they can’t find you. “When are you going to stop all of this, Han?” Daddy sounded very unhappy as he helped clean up Uncle Han. “Kid, if I wanted a passive aggressive lecture from a Skywalker, I would have gone home to Leia,” Uncle Han chuckled. Daddy let out a noise that Rey didn’t think sounded happy. “Don’t you give me that look, Kid,” Uncle Han said. “You get in as much trouble as I do.” “That’s because people seek me out for trouble,” Daddy replied. “I don’t go and find it like you.” “Oh please. Don’t make me laugh, Kid. You absolutely do go looking for trouble.” “Do not.” “Do too.” “Do not.” “Do too.” “Knock it off, Boys!” Mommy’s voice called from the kitchen, “It’s really sad when Rey and Ben have more intellectual arguments than you two. And he’s right, Luke. Both you and Loud Mouth Solo go looking for trouble.” Rey giggled at Mommy’s nickname for Uncle Han. “Fine, but I’ve definitely cut back after Rey was born,” said Daddy. “I mean, honestly, don’t you think you’re getting too old for this? You’re forty-eight and have a fifteen-year-old son.” “You say that as if Ben actually cares what I get up to.” “Well, maybe if you tried spending a little less time getting into scrapes and more time at home with him-” “Last time I checked his home was here with you,” Uncle Han snapped. “Maybe if you and Leia hadn’t insisted on sending him to live with you and Fliss when he was eleven I wouldn’t have messed up this whole father thing. I mean honestly, he thinks I didn’t want him, that I’m unworthy because I don’t have the Force, and that my closest female friend who I sent him to live with, is the devil.” “Hey!” Mommy yelled from the kitchen. “Look me in the eye and tell me he doesn’t think that, Rhiaon!” Uncle Han yelled back. Rey didn’t need to see Daddy to know he was shaking his head. “So what happened this time?” Daddy asked. “Promise me it wasn’t a gang.” “Come on, Luke, you know I promised no more gangs as long as you’re around to keep me in line,” Uncle Han laughed. “That does explain those four months I was on Malaita and you ended up dealing with Kanjiklub.” “Oh no, I’m never messing around with Kanjiklub again. Believe you me.” “So what was it then?” “A buddy from my former smuggling days-” “Former?” “ Earlier smuggling days,” Uncle Han corrected. “Think circa the time I won the Falcon from Lando. Chewie was away on Kashyyyk for a few months and I teamed up with a guy named Marklin. We were hired by some seedy characters to move some merchandise… Merchandise to be delivered to Zygerria.” “Slaves,” Daddy said with no question in his voice. “When we figured out what was going on, we refused to go to the pickup site, gave back the payment advance, and reported the operation to Imperials. I heard that there was a raid, the slaves were freed, and the slavers were personally executed by Vader… who had a surprisingly strict anti-slavery policy. For a man who did a magnitude of horrible things, I will admit that Vader did have morals when it came to the slave trade.” “Benefits of being a former slave.” “I’m still not sure I believe that story.” “Han, there’s plenty of evidence to prove it.” “I’m sorry, it’s just the part where you claim that he built Threepio that you lose me.” Mommy once again called from the kitchen, “You have to admit that it only makes sense for Threepio to have been built by someone as evil as Vader.” “Felicity, I don’t mind you eavesdropping while making lunch, but could you please stop calling my father evil?” Daddy sounded very annoyed. “I don’t want Rey to overhear and develop preconceived notions.” “I make no promises.” Daddy sighed and Rey giggled again from behind the couch. Uncle Han shifted in his seat. “Go on,” Daddy urged. “Marklin and I went our separate ways,” Uncle Han continued. “Marklin reformed himself, settled down, and had a few kids. We ran into each other a few years back and exchanged numbers in case either of us needed a favor.” “And he needed a favor.” “The guys we turned in were part of a larger operation who wanted revenge for what we did. Marklin disappeared off their radar, but they’ve given me trouble a few times over the years. They even threatened to go after Ben once, but dropped that notion when I reminded them if they did that, they would be hunted down not only by me, but by a Far Too Happy to Tap into the Dark Side Mama Nexu Senator, a Jedi Grandmaster Who Has Literally Murdered Millions, a Wookie With a Life Debt to Ben’s Father and a Hell of a Crossbow, a Strangely Protective Astro Droid You Don’t Want to Upset, and a Trigger Happy Emissary Who May Hate Ben but Will Shoot You in the Face If You Mess With Her Family.” “We are not a family you want to cross. So what happened then?” “They left me alone, but they found Marklin, kidnapped his seventeen-year-old daughter, and sold her into slavery. Marklin called me and we’ve spent the past six weeks tracking her down and rescuing her.” “So you got these wounds by helping free a former smuggling buddy’s daughter from slavery?” “You say that like it’s a bad thing,” Uncle Han accused. “Oh, don’t give me that look. I would have done it if it were Rey.” Daddy sighed, “It’s different if it was Rey-” “Are you actually going to continue that train of thought?” “No. You’re right. I’m not.” Daddy sighed again, “It’s just, Han… I don’t know how many more times I can handle you showing up unannounced, beaten and bloody on my doorstep. It sets a bad example for Rey… and Leia yells at me.” “Honestly I like it when she yells at me. It kind of makes me-” “Are you actually going to continue that train of thought?” “No. You’re right. I’m not,” Uncle Han chuckled. “Alright, fine, for Rey I’ll stop showing up uninvited like this. But in all fairness, corrupting her is in my job description as Fun Uncle Han.” “I know,” Daddy said dryly. “Rey hasn’t stopped making fun of me for power convertors since your last visit.” “It’s your own fault for telling me that story.” “I didn’t tell you. Artoo showed you footage of it.” “I always did like that droid.” Daddy groaned, “There, you’re all fixed up.” There was a bunch of clattering that must have meant Daddy was packing up the first aid kit. “Come on,” Daddy ordered. “If you’re joining us for lunch, you at least are going to set the table.” “Can I do the dishes instead and use this time to go visit that girl who is far too adorable to be your kid?” Uncle Han suggested. “Step in this kitchen after doubting my fidelity, Solo, and I will slap you,” Mommy angrily called. “I’ll say that’s a yes,” Daddy laughed. Rey heard a set of footsteps leading away to the kitchen. Then Daddy’s voice sounded distantly in the kitchen, exchanging some words with Mommy who sounded mock-angry, but after a few words from Daddy, she laughed and Rey knew they probably had started kissing. Uncle Han chuckled, and Rey was suddenly aware of the fact he was about to go looking for her. She was going to be in a lot of trouble if she got caught spying. Rey was busy thinking about how to get upstairs before Uncle Han when he casually lifted his arms and stretched. Suddenly his arms came down, and scooped up Rey, plopping her on the couch in front of him. Uncle Han grinned at her, “You may be able to use the Force to hide from your dad, Kiddo, but I would recognize that little giggle anywhere. Especially if it’s coming from right behind me.” Rey giggled and launched herself at Uncle Han, “I missed you, Uncle Han.” “I missed you too. Ow!” Uncle Han winced and gently pried off her arms from his torso. “Sorry, Sweetie. Uncle Han’s ribs hurt too much for that.” “Sorry,” Rey looked down. “… Uncle Han?” “What’s up, Kiddo?” “Did you really get hurt saving that girl from slavery?” “Yep.” “Slavery’s the bad thing that happened to Masters Alyla and Gavyn and the others, right?” “Right again,” Uncle Han nodded. “What is slavery?” Rey asked. “Uh… Ask your parents.” “But it’s a bad thing, right?” “One of the worst things in the world,” Han nodded. “Did getting beat up hurt?” “A lot.” “How much did your friend pay you?” Uncle Han looked surprised, “He didn’t pay me, Sweetie.” Rey frowned, “Why not?” “Because saving people is not something you pay someone to do.” “Daddy pays the Jedi to save people.” “That’s different. That’s their job. I did this out of the kindness of my heart.” Rey looked suspiciously at her uncle, “How close are you with this girl?” Uncle Han burst out laughing, “Don’t worry, Kiddo, you’re still my Number Two Girl.” “Number Two?” “Aunt Leia would get really mad at me if she wasn’t my Number One. But don’t worry.” Han looked around conspiratorially, “It’s a very close race.” Rey giggled, “You’re funny, Uncle Han.” “I try my best. To answer your earlier, though, I never met Marklin’s daughter before this.” “Why did you save her then? If there’s no reward and you don’t know her, why would you save her?” Han wrapped an arm around his niece’s shoulder, “Rey, Sweetheart, I’m going to teach you something that it took me too long to learn. It’s something really vital in life, but I didn’t do until your dad showed me the importance of it.” “What’s that?” “It’s called being selfless.” Rey rolled her eyes, “I know what selfish means, Uncle Han.” “Not selfish,” Uncle Han chuckled. “ Selfless. It means doing something for other people without any benefit to yourself. You remember the story of how I met your dad and brought the Death Star plans to Yavin?” “Uh huh.” “Remember how I was going to run away after I got my reward?” “Yeah, and then you came back and saved Daddy.” “Well, that was me being selfless,” Uncle Han explained. “There are going to be times in your life when people need help. People are going to be at risk of getting hurt, and only you can stop it. Now, sometimes there’s not going to be a reward or benefit for doing it, but it will help the other people. Rey, when that happens, I want you to promise me something.” “What’s that?” Rey leaned forward eagerly. Uncle Han looked her in the eye and without a trace of humour said, “If you can ever help someone and stop them from getting hurt, and in no way can you get hurt by helping them, I want you to promise me that you’ll do it.” “Why?” “Because it’s the right thing. It’s what good people do. And sometimes just making someone else smile is the best reward. But you never know what’s going to end up happening because you chose to be selfless. Think about the Death Star. If I hadn’t come back and saved your dad, he would have been killed in that battle, I never would have had my best friend, your mom would be lonely having never met your dad, Aunt Leia would have been killed when the planet was blown up, Ben wouldn’t exist, Vader never would have turned back to the Light Side, the Empire would still reign, and worst of all, you wouldn’t exist. All that because I chose to be selfless and save that naïve farm kid I picked up on Tatooine. Promise me, Rey. Promise me you’ll be selfless.” Rey nodded, amazed by Uncle Han’s words, “I promise, Uncle Han.” “Good.” Uncle Han grinned and ruffled her hair, “Now, let’s go make fun of your dad.” Rey giggled and followed Uncle Han into the kitchen. As she came to the end of her memory, Rey was surprised to feel a tear running down her face. She missed Uncle Han, Daddy, and Mommy. What was taking them so long to get back to her? Rey looked back at the tent and remembered what had triggered the memory. Mister Quom and Doctor Aletha had gotten beat up for taking care of her. And Plutt was going to hurt them even more if she continued to stay around them. But if she didn’t… Uncle Han’s words echoed in her head. “If you can ever help someone and stop them from getting hurt, and in no way can you get hurt by helping them, I want you to promise me that you’ll do it.” If she left them alone, no one would get hurt. It would be like the days before they found her. She would be sad and lonely, but no one would get hurt. But she didn’t want to be sad and lonely. She had spent so many nights crying herself to sleep, afraid that the bad people were going to drag her out of bed again. That she would get hot and hungry and woozy and things would get dark like when Mommy got scared. She didn’t want to be lonely, desperate to sleep, and waiting for her family. Rey wanted to sleep the way she had last night with Quom there to protect her. She wouldn’t do it. She would be selfish and keep Mister Quom and Doctor Aletha around and not be lonely. Rey sent a mental apology to Uncle Han, and with the confidence of her parents walking into danger, Rey opened the flap of the tent. Rey stopped dead. She saw the broken glass and equipment on the ground. She saw the pile of already used bandages soaked with Quom’s blood. She saw the bruises on Quom and Aletha’s faces. It was one thing to see the visions in the Force, but it was different when it was right in front of her. This was the price of selfishness. And it wasn’t a price Rey wanted to pay. “Rey,” Aletha looked up in surprise. Worry etched across her face as her eyes flicked around at the mess left by Plutt’s goons. “Are you alright?” “Uh huh,” Rey looked at the ground. “Is Mister Quom going to be okay?” “They can’t keep me down that easily, MG,” Quom grinned. But Rey couldn’t return the smile. “I’m sorry that my place is such a disaster right now, Sunshine,” Aletha said as she began picking up the pile of bandages. “Give me a few seconds to finish up with Quom and he’ll take you to his place-” “No,” Rey interrupted. Aletha froze. “What?” Quom blurted out. “I’m not going to Mister Quom’s anymore,” Rey firmly said. “And I’m not staying with you, Doctor Aletha. Mister Plutt hurts you for taking care of me, and I don’t want you to get hurt anymore. So I came to say goodbye.” Aletha and Quom shared a disbelieving look. “Rey,” Aletha started in a coaxing voice, “you don’t have to-” But Rey ran out the tent, refusing to let herself be swayed. She heard Aletha and Quom calling after her, but Rey pushed into the crowd and soon enough lost them. She would stay away from that part of the outpost for a while. If she saw them, she would run and hide. Rey couldn’t trust herself not to break down and go back to them. The first few days Aletha and Quom tried to find her, but Rey hid until they gave up and stopped. It may have hurt all three of them for Rey to avoid them, but it would hurt so much more if she allowed anything to happen to them. So Rey banished herself from their friendship. She followed her promise to Uncle Han and selflessly avoided putting Quom and Aletha in anymore danger. And she had never felt more alone in her life. “I don’t believe you,” Eran Kestral declared. “There’s no way you actually met Luke Skywalker. That picture’s got to be something you made on the computer.” Sienna frowned at her friend, “Why would I make a fake picture that has him looking almost nothing like he usually looks?” “She’s right,” Pollix Octhar agreed. “What’s the point of the beard?” “Besides, we all know little Sienna here can’t use a computer to save her life,” Zeven Ruellis laughed as he perched himself on the arm of the couch next to Sienna. Sienna rolled her eyes, and pushed Zeven off the couch. “Ignore Eran,” Tendra Kestral playfully shoved her husband. “He’s just bitter you scored so many points.” “Yeah, about that,” Zeven said, using the couch arm to pull himself off the floor. “Now that, you know, Rhiaon’s dead , should we revaluate score values? I mean, none of us can arrange a photo with her anymore unless we do something very illegal like dig up her body.” “Don’t the Jedi practice cremation?” Sienna asked. “They do, but she wasn’t a Jedi,” Tendra answered. “I don’t know if they burned her, or buried her, or whatever else there is.” “I heard there wasn’t even a body to bring home,” Pollix said. “Hey, maybe she’s alive,” Zeven suggested. “Don’t be ridiculous,” Tendra chastised. “Fine, but I’ll be the one laughing when she makes her miraculous return.” “You do that.” “I just felt so bad for him,” Sienna admitted. “I actually met him on the night of Felicity’s birthday. He was so heartbroken.” “Losing his wife must have been hard on him,” Tendra sadly shook her head. “How did he deal with meeting someone who looked so much like her?” “Uh… It wasn’t his finest moment.” Her friends or not, there was no way Sienna was about to admit that she and Luke had gotten near alcohol poisoning levels of drunk and then she offered to slept with him while pretending to be his dead wife. In fact, Sienna was a little disappointed that the mass amounts of alcohol she had consumed hadn’t killed the brain cells containing that humiliating memory. “I heard he’s taken it pretty badly, basically vanishing from even his own family,” Pollix said. “Can you blame him?” Tendra asked. “I mean, we all know what happened to his little girl. And then with his wife’s death, well…” “You gotta wonder what happened to her body,” Pollix mused. “Frankly, considering how torn apart he was, I don’t think I want to know the answer,” Sienna shook her head. Silence filled the room as the group imagined a thousand horrifying possibilities of what had been done to Felicity Rhiaon. “… I still don’t believe you met him,” Evan suddenly declared. Sienna just sighed. He shouldn’t be there. Luke knew that he had no business returning to Rornian after running away like a coward. And yet somehow he found himself back in the place where everything went wrong. His heart broke at the sight of Temple Village: it had been abandoned. All reconstruction stopped, the buildings boarded up, and the weeds overgrown. After his disappearance it appeared that the world had moved on from the Jedi Order. It was frightening how quickly people gave up on the notion of hope and greater purpose in the face of tragedy. Then again, who was he to judge anyone for that? Luke had had no idea what he would find when he returned to Rornian, but he was slightly relieved to find himself alone. He had come to see them: the graves of those he had failed. With a heavy heart, Luke walked through the graveyard where the ashes of his fallen pupils had been buried. Every grave marker sent a stab of pain into his heart as he read the names of his friends. While the graves were clearly cleaned up by someone every so often, there was one grave that stood out from the rest. The grave of Coria Pellis was extensively adorned with fresh flowers, Holos, thoroughly burnt candles, and other such mementos. Luke had no doubt who had been furbishing Coria’s grave. Queen Nerissa Scintel’s extraction of Zygerria from the New Republic had not been purely politically motivated. Nerissa and Coria had been lovers for almost two decades, a difficult long-distance relationship that they struggled to make work. Luke remembered Nerissa’s heartbroken reaction when he informed her of Coria’s death. In fact, Nerissa had been the first person Luke called after the massacre. At the time, he couldn’t imagine how it would feel to hear second hand of his wife’s death long past any opportunity to save her. He wished he still didn’t know how it felt. There was another grave that appeared to be tended more frequently than the rest. Blue morning glories had been planted at Alyla Kene’s grave. The flower’s dual meaning of love and mortality was a sad testament to the story of Alyla Kene, blooming in the morning but dead before the afternoon. Luke remembered how Lando Calrissian struggled to withhold tears, dirt caking his fingers as he planted them with nothing more than his own two hands. Luke had never truly understood the relationship between Lando and Alyla, but as Luke and Gavyn had watched Lando plant the flowers at her grave, he knew that whatever it was they felt, it was real. Luke had done his best to comfort Lando after Alyla’s passing with Lando latching onto spending as much time with Rey as possible due to associating Rey with Alyla’s love of caring for young children. It had been hard for Luke to help Lando, for although he had lost many people in his life, he hadn’t lost someone who he loved like Lando loved Alyla. But now that he had lost Felicity, Luke understood it far too well. Luke sighed, looking up from Alyla’s grave at the large glowing tree that resided at the top of Burial Hill (the name of the graveyard as it was on a hill.) She had been their first loss on Rornian, and the Jedi had been unsure where exactly to bury her ashes. It had been Miri who suggested they bury her aunt under the large Force Sensitive tree that was planted at the top of the hill. It had been the very same tree that Shara Bey helped Luke steal from the Empire. Luke and Reine had planted it on Rornian two months later as a symbol of their start to rebuilding the Jedi Order. It was a small hill the tree sat on, so Felicity had voiced concerns regarding its ability to provide enough space for the burials of the future generation. Luke had waved off the concern, saying that the hill would be for them as a memorial for the first generation of the New Jedi Order, and that the next generation would find somewhere else to put themselves. Luke never imagined that it would become a memorial three months later when he buried his entire Jedi Order. His eyes painfully scanned the names etched on the gravestones. Alyla Kene was buried next to her brother, Gavyn Kene, who was buried next to his daughter, Miri Halcorr-Kene, who was buried next to her mother, Zena Halcorr. Luke’s second-in-command, Reine Agim was buried at the top of the hill next to her husband, Obik Kenu. Tyla Kinall was near the bottom of the hill near Genko, and the husband and wife pair of Jafan Typhe, and Eline Typhe-Korden. Dozens more Jedi graves littered the hill, but it was the two graves directly under the tree that broke Luke’s heart. Slowly approaching the graves, Luke placed a hand on each of the headstones. His eyes filled with tears as they read the inscriptions Luke never wanted to live to see. Felicity Rhiaon Skywalker Fighter, Mother, Lover. Rogue One 21 BBY – 20 ABY * Rey Rhiaon Skywalker Daughter, Niece, Friend. A Light in the Dark 15 ABY – 20 ABY Luke fell to his knees and sobbed. How could this have happened? Of course, the graves of his wife and child did not actually contain their bodies. Both had been cruelly lost to fate, but Luke had been unable to let them go without a memorial. The most heart wrenching part of the grave inscriptions by far were Rey’s dates. Five years. Five years . Her life had only begun and her parents had wanted her so much. Why did the Force see no other option but to bring her life to such a quick end? When Rey was born, Luke and Felicity weren’t exactly at their peak fertilities. They had become new parents at the ages of thirty-four and thirty-six. Of course that was due to the fact that they had already been twenty-nine and thirty-one when they met, then thirty-three and thirty-five when they married. That said, Rey wasn’t the result of years of struggle in conceiving. In fact, Rey had been semi-unplanned. Recognizing the dangers of a later pregnancy, Luke and Felicity agreed to go off birth control for a year and see what happened. If nothing happened, then they would start making a serious effort, but of course during the year, Rey happened. Then after Felicity’s bout of Postpartum Depression, she decided that due to her age and fear of going through PPD again, she refused to ever get pregnant again. Luke and Felicity had actually started looking into the process of adopting their next child, but Ben Solo had thrown it all out of the window. They were gone. Luke would never see his precious wife and child again, and there was nothing he could do about it. “I’m sorry,” Luke whispered to his family’s graves. Getting to his feet, Luke looked back at the graves and his pupils and proclaimed, “I’m so sorry.” It was a cruel irony that the graves were located underneath the Force Sensitive tree, which Luke had dubbed the Heart Tree. It had been ten years ago that he stood underneath that very tree and proclaimed Temple Village open for operation. Luke stood proudly at the top of the hill, immaculate in his formal, black Jedi robes. Reine stood proudly at his left (Luke had always referred to her as his “Left Hand” because his dominant hand was the left instead of the right) and Ben stood to his right as a representative of the future generation who the Order would one day be passed to. The Jedi made up the first rows of the assembled audience, but Luke’s friends and family had been given a spot near the front. As the crowd chattered and waited for Luke to give his speech, Luke’s eyes found Felicity’s in the crowd. She waved at him, and he gave her a large, goofy grin. Though their attraction to each other was – unbeknownst to them – budding, both had come to the opening of the Temple on the arm of another. Luke with current girlfriend, Calla who would later prove to be his infamous crazy ex, and Felicity was with her podracer boyfriend, Drystan. It would be several months before either Luke or Felicity discovered their attraction to the other, but Calla and Drystan would be the last people they dated before getting together. In fact, Drystan would dump Felicity a mere two weeks later, and Calla would get dumped by Luke a week after that. Luke cleared his throat and launched into his speech. He told the history of the Jedi Order, and how he discovered it through Obi-Wan Kenobi. He told the tale of his father’s redemption. Expectations and plans for the future were revealed, and lists of people were thanked for various contributions. The speech was long, and elegant, and clearly written by Leia, but there was one part that Luke remembered most of all. “I promise that Temple Village will be a safe haven for all,” Luke declared. “There will be no judgement or rejection on these grounds. This is a welcoming place for anyone who wants to learn about the Force, regardless of whether or not you can use it. We all have a past. Whether you were a Rebel.” Luke looked at Reine. “Or an Imperial.” He looked at Tyla. “Whether you sought me out the second you learned of your powers.” Luke looked at Obik. “Or decided not to use them at all.” He looked at Leia. “Whether you were a slave.” Luke looked at Gavyn and Alyla. “Or a slave master.” He looked to Zena. “Whether you always believed in the Force.” He looked at Lor San Tekka. “Took some convincing.” Luke smirked at Han. “Or even outright reject some aspects of it.” Luke’s eyes found Felicity’s, and she smiled. “It does not matter to me who you were ,” Luke continued. “What matters is who you strive to be now. And I promise you that as long you fight for justice, freedom, goodness, and light, I will help you. I will have your back and nurture your skills. I will teach you all I know, and learn all you can teach me. I will provide a comfortable home and a place where you never need to worry about where your next meal will come from. But above all, I promise to fight to protect you with every ounce of strength I have, from this day until the day of my last breath. I promise to never let you be lost to evil. I promise to keep you safe, and keep you alive.” He had failed to keep that promise. They had all trusted him, and he let them all down. How could he ever even think about going to such a scared place as Ahch-to? But then where was he supposed to go next? A vision of Rey flooded his mind. “Come to me, Daddy,” Rey sobbed in her hammock on Jakku. It changed to an image of Obi-Wan. “Come here, Luke,” Obi-Wan urged, standing on the cliffs of Ahch-to. The vision turned to Leia. “Come home, Brother,” Leia whispered as she stared at her household com. The vision shifted to Felicity. “Come back, Sweetheart,” Felicity sat on a bench in a prison cell. It changed to Ben. “Come face me, Uncle,” Ben stared out the window of a Star Destroyer at the skies around him. Luke turned back to the tree like it was a connection directly to the Force he could request answers. Where was he supposed to go? Who was he supposed to listen to? What was he supposed to do? What he really needed was some clear guidance. “Master Skywalker?” a voice suddenly came from behind. Luke froze like a deer in the headlights. Fear coursing through his body, paralysing it. Luke wanted to bolt for his X-Wing, but couldn’t move a muscle. It was too late to run; the figure was already behind him. The figure grabbed Luke’s shoulder. Looking pale as a sheet, Luke gulped and slowly turned around. He found himself face to face with Lor San Tekka, a friend of his who was a leader of the Church of the Force. “Master Skywalker, I don’t believe it,” Lor San looked over Luke in shock. “What are you doing here?” Luke thought for a moment whether he should answer Lor San’s question or just make a run for it. He might have selected the later if he could think of a destination, but Luke’s mind was oddly blank. “Mourning,” Luke finally choked out. “What are you doing here?” “I come here every week to tend to the graves. Master Skywalker, I must say you look…” “Terrible?” “I was going to say unkempt.” Luke snorted, “That’s one way of putting it.” Lor San Tekka found he had no reply. An awkward silence hung in the air as both men refused to address the obvious situation at hand. “I saw your sister a few weeks ago,” Lor San finally said. “She was here with flowers for Rey and Felicity. Calendulas if I remember correctly. The Alderiaan flower for grief.” Luke looked away, “How’s she doing?” “Better than you.” “That’s not saying much.” “Well, there’s nothing much to say.” Lor San sighed, “Master Skywalker, I’m not going to pretend I need to ask why you did it. Very few men could go through something like that and find the will to continue on.” “Thank you,” Luke muttered. “But I will ask what you’re going to do now. There’s been rumors of sightings of you here and there, but no clear plan.” “Truth be told, there is no clear plan.” “I hardly believe Luke Skywalker would go do something without at least a vague plan.” “I think Master Yoda might disagree with you on that one.” Lor San grinned, “Just because one is impulsive does not mean one has no plan. Sure, you may throw yourself into danger, but you always have some idea of what you want to do… even if it’s a stupid idea.” Luke laughed, “I suppose so.” “Come now,” Lor San urged. “What’s your plan? What is it that you’ve been wandering the galaxy aimlessly, avoiding the people who care about you for?” “I… I can’t.” “Luke, I’m your friend. I won’t talk anyone your plan if you wish me not to, but I do want to know you’ll be alright. Tell me, what is this burden you carry?” Luke sighed, his hand reaching up for the data pouch around his neck tucked under his clothing. “I have a map to Ahch-to,” Luke confessed. “Felicity’s team stole it from Vader on the Death Star, and I have the only full map of it stored on my X-Wing’s computer. They cut a piece out of the map which I now carry around my neck. The Order and I were planning on hiding there from the First Order and the Knights of Ren, but then I got called to the Senate, and well…” Luke’s eyes drifted around at the graves. “I see,” Lor San nodded. “And you intend on… going there?” “Yes. No. Maybe?” Luke shook his head, “I don’t know.” “Well, then, let me help you decide. Tell me, why don’t you want to go?” “Too many memories. Too many reminders of my failure. Too strong with the Force to run away from being a Jedi.” “And why do you want to go?” Luke gave an ironic smile, “Lots of memories. Lots of reminders of my success. Too strong with the Force to run away from being a Jedi.” Lor San laughed, “I can see where you would struggle. Alright, so the scales are balanced, but I think I know how to get you to make a decision.” “How’s that?” “Answer this one question: what would be the consequence – a new one, mind you, not a continuation of something like abandoning your sister – what would be the consequence of you leaving for Ahch-to today and never returning?” Luke thought hard. “I suppose to would be that no one would ever find it again,” Luke answered. He took a long pause to think about the situation. “You have to understand; I don’t want to be a Jedi anymore… but that doesn’t mean no one else should be. Our history has to be preserved, and maybe someday, someone else can start it again, fix our mistakes, and rebuild. I just can’t be a part of that.” “And if you go to Ahch-to that can’t happen?” Lor San inquired. “There’s going to be records they follow, but to be cut off from the birthplace of it all, it’s not fair to the generations to come. If there was a way I could ensure that that legacy doesn’t die-” “What if I offered you that?” Luke looked at him oddly. Lor San was quiet as his plan formulated, “I may not be a Jedi, but the Church of the Force respects and honors what you and the brave Jedi before you did. We can preserve the history and pass it on to the Jedi of the future.” “But what about Ahch-to?” Luke asked. “No one can find it without this data pouch.” Lor San smiled, “Then give it to me.” “… What?” “Give it to me.” Luke frowned and sad nothing. “Give it to me, and then go to Ahch-to,” Lor San urged. “Give yourself some time alone to work through this all. Mourn your losses, accept their deaths, and rediscover why it is you love the Force. Be something you’ve been unable to be for years: a normal man. Don’t be the hero who destroyed the Death Star, the Leader of Rogue Squadron, or the Jedi Grandmaster. Be Luke Skywalker, and find again who that is. I will keep the map safe until the day the Galaxy truly needs the Jedi again. And with or without you, the Jedi will thrive, and you will find peace.” Luke took a deep breath, “Okay. I’ll do it.” “Perfect.” “But you have to promise me two things.” “Anything.” “Promise me that unless the world truly, absolutely, has no other option needs me… Don’t send anyone to find me,” Luke warned. “I want to stay hidden unless there is no other way out. Promise?” Lor San nodded gravely, “Promise. What your other request?” Luke unfastened the data pouch and pressed it into Lor San’s hand, but did not let go. “Swear to me that the First Order will never get their hands on this,” Luke requested. Lor San smiled and clapped his other hand overtop Luke’s, “I’ll give my life to protect this.” Little did they know, in fourteen years, Lor San Tekka’s promise would come true. Having said his goodbyes to Lor San, Luke climbed into the cockpit of his X-Wing. He took a deep breath and set the coordinates in his X-Wing to Ahch-to. In a few minutes, the calculations were complete and with the press of a button, he would be on his way to Ahch-to. And yet, he found he couldn’t press the button. “Daddy, come back.” Images of Rey had flooded his mind, her tears leaving a scar in his brain. His little girl had suffered a tragic death and now would suffer an entirety buried under the sand of Jakku. Rey cried as she lied in the sand, clutching her doll and crying out, “Daddy! Where are you, Daddy? I want to go home!” Luke clutched his head, eyes squeezed shut as he tried to rid his mind of the images. “Daddy, please!” Rey sobbed. “Daddy, please come get me! Daddy!” Just a press of a button. “Daddy!” “AHHH! I CAN’T!” Luke slammed his fist against the console. He rubbed his head in a frenzy, almost like he thought he could physically extract the visions from his mind. “I CAN’T DO IT!” Then the images were gone. Luke panted; the world around him perfectly silent. His mind desperately ran over all the information, considering his options. Rey. Felicity. Han. Leia. Artoo. Threepio. Ben. Lor San. Poe. Kalonia. Hosnian Prime. Rornian. Ahch-to. Tonides. Jakku. So many choices. So many obligations. So many failures. What was he supposed to do? “Daddy, please come back,” Rey begged again. And then he made his decision. “I can’t keep the vision out of my head,” Luke said to himself. “She’s my daughter. I've gotta find her.” And in a moment that would change the course of history, Luke punched in the coordinates for Jakku and took off. As he flew to Jakku, one mission was set in his mind. No matter how long it took, even if he had to sift through every single grain of sand on Jakku with his bare hands, he would find Rey and give her a proper burial. Maybe then he might finally be able to get some closure. And sure enough, Luke would find Rey on Jakku. He just didn’t expect her to be alive. Notes: Yes, the reunion is next chapter. I don’t know whether I’m more excited to write it, or to finally stop getting reviews bugging me about it. Nah, I love you guys, I’m just kidding… mostly. Chapter 15 : An Unexpected Reunion Summary: Arriving on Jakku to find and bury Rey, Luke discovers that might be a little difficult when it turns out she's not actually dead. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The Long Way Home Chapter Fifteen An Unexpected Reunion There was an odd sense of familiarity to Luke when he saw the planet of Jakku. Though that was probably because desert planets tended to all look the same and Luke couldn’t help but think of his home planet of Tatooine when he set eyes on the drab planet. It made sense why Felicity had chosen the planet both times she needed to hide away. It seemed to give off an air of uncomfortableness that naturally led outsiders to want to leave the planet as soon as possible. It broke Luke’s heart to think this was the last planet Rey had ever seen. When she had been born, Luke had been determined to ensure Rey saw as many different types of environments as possible. Planets of water, of fire, of forests, of ice, of deserts, mountains, cities, and hundreds more. He didn’t want her to be some nineteen-year-old staring up at the skies of a barren wasteland, dreaming of better worlds. As he broke atmosphere, Luke paused to consider where he was going to start his search for Rey. Thinking back on Felicity’s torture session – he had replayed it so many times that he had memorized it – Luke found himself at a loss at to where Rey’s body was supposed to be. Felicity said that they crashed and had to walk to Niima, but for how long and from what direction? This has going to be a lot harder than he expected. Luke first idea was to get low to the planet and skim the surface to see if there were any ship crashes around. However, that plan went out the window when he saw the remains of the Battle of Jakku and how many hundreds of ship crash sites there were. Where was he supposed to start? Then it hit him: he would start with Niima Outpost and Unkar Plutt. Felicity had reached Unkar and hidden somewhere in the vicinity of Niima for weeks. Maybe she had left Rey not far from wherever she set up residence. If not, then maybe she had mentioned something to Unkar during her time in Niima. Using his computer to determine the location of Niima Outpost, Luke found that he wasn’t far from it. If he was on foot it would probably only be about an hour’s walk. Below him, Luke noticed a small set of caves. Having always been interested in the differences between Tatooine and Jakku, Luke had had plenty of conversations with Felicity and Diego about Jakku. Luke was fairly certain that the set of caves below him had been the topic during one of those conversations. Diego had dubbed them the “Miracle Caves” while Felicity had titled them the “Rogue Caverns” after learning the phrase “there’s no miracles on Jakku.” In truth they were called the Qyhsh Caves after some Teedo God based on a legend in the Teedo religion. There was a very long story about Qyhsh, the banished son of the Teedo mother Goddess R’iia and the trials he went to redeem himself, that frankly made the history of Mandalore seem like a short story. The Qyhsh Caves were technically considered to be an offshoot of Carbon Ridge, despite being hundreds of miles apart. Diego’s best guess for the classification had been that there were so few caves on Jakku, the residents probably thought they might as well count all of them as the same. But the reason the caves had been remembered by Diego and Felicity is that the caves had been the site of their salvation. Hiding their stolen TIE fighter inside the cave, Felicity and Diego had trekked out to the caves every day and attempted to signal a Rebellion ship that was close enough to Jakku to hear their signal. It took a month, but hidden in the caves, finally one day they made contact with the Tantive IV , and the rest was history. Recalling Diego and Felicity’s stories of the shady scavengers that populated Niima Outpost, Luke decided it might be best to hide his extremely recognizable X-Wing in those caves. Not only would it conceal his ship, but an hour’s walk in the desert might allow Luke to collect his thoughts before reaching Niima. Landing his X-Wing flawlessly, Luke hopped out of the cockpit and opened his cargo hatch. After several minutes of rummaging through his possessions, Luke found a more desert appropriate outfit than the ensemble he was wearing. Already sweating under the hot Jakku sun, even shaded by the cave, Luke was seriously regretting his vow to always wear black in memory of his wife. True, when he went to save Han from Jabba, he had braved the desert of Tatooine in a slick black outfit, but that had been all about projecting a certain image and showcase of power, demonstrating how he was mighty and well put together and… Okay, maybe he just thought he looked really good in that outfit and only planned to be in the sun for a short period of time. … Felicity had been right; he was a drama queen. Of course the reminder of Felicity only made Luke struggle with foregoing black completely in favor of comfort. He could almost hear her mocking him, “Oh, you don’t want to wear black because you’re uncomfortable? Well, don’t let the fact that I literally died because of the depth of my love for you hold you back. I mean, I have been dead a whole four months. Hey, why don’t you just throw your wedding ring off a cliff too? What is the matter with you? You know what’s even more uncomfortable than wearing black in the desert? GETTING SHOT POINT BLANK IN THE TEMPLE AND DYING!” He really had been on his own for too long. Luke decided to keep his black boots, belt, and glove. Though his false hand had long ago been patched up, Luke always worried about getting sand in his mechanics. He wore a light grey under tunic, brown over tunic, and dark brown pants and hooded cloak. A blaster was clipped to one side of his belt and his lightsaber hung off the other side, but Luke kept it tucked away from view under his robes. Grabbing his satchel, Luke packed it with some containers of water, some first aid supplies, a few credit chips, and Rey’s Felicity doll. He knew Unkar Plutt would call Luke on the promise of reward, and he wanted to be prepared. As for the doll, well… he wanted to give his daughter something to comfort her when he laid her to rest. Prepared for his trek, Luke made his way to the entrance of the cave when a thought occurred to him. He could use the Force to try to find Rey. Luke had tried avoiding using it as much as possible since his abandonment of the Jedi Order, but the idea had its merits. Rey’s flame may have been snuffed from this life, but perhaps the ashes still smouldered somewhere on Jakku. Taking a deep breath, Luke closed his eyes and reached out into the Force, searching for that tiny, yet familiar signature. And he found it. Far from Niima, lost somewhere in the desert, Rey’s signature echoed in the Force. Feeling a spark of hope, Luke was overjoyed to sense that his search wouldn’t be for folly. Out there, somewhere Rey was waiting for him. As he set off eagerly for Niima, Luke failed to realise that Rey’s presence was living. Rey was awoken by a strange feeling. It wasn’t physical, something spiritual and familiar reaching out to touch her presence in the Force. Blurry-eyed and half-conscious, she tried to reach out and touch it back, identifying what it was. It felt familiar and loving, and part of her instinctually yearned for it. Safety. Comfort. Kindness. Loving. Protector. Daddy. Scrambling in her hammock, Rey pushed hard into the Force, trying with all her might to answer the call. It had been the first time she was aware of him answering her calls in the Force, and the first time he had initiated contact. But all too soon, the touch was gone and Rey was alone again. What did it mean? Was Daddy nearby? Was he looking for her? Was he trying to tell her something? “Come back, Daddy,” Rey whispered looking down at her pilot doll as if she was talking directly to her father. “Please come back.” But the touch didn’t return. As the tears fell from her eyes, Rey got out of the hammock and scratched another tally onto the wall. The wall was covered in scratches, a constant reminder of how many days it had been since she was separated from Daddy. If she counted them she would know that she had been parted from him for 192 days. But, they would not be parted for 193. About twenty minutes from Niima, Luke started to encounter the speeders. They whizzed past him, carrying their hauls from the ship graveyard. Many yelled unprovoked insults at him, and a few nearly ran him over (Luke doubted most were accidental.) Still, his eyes locked forward in the direction of Niima, Luke trekked forward to the Outpost. He didn’t know what he would find when he got there, but it was too late to change his mind. Luke had tuned out the shouts of the scavengers, instead filling his mind with memories of his loved ones. But his attention was drawn back when there was a sudden loud BANG! His head snapped to the left. “Stupid piece of junk!” An alien creature kicked their speeder. Thick black clouds of smoke were pouring out of the control panel. Luke frowned, recognizing the speeder model. It was a TS-742, the first kind of speeder Luke had ever owned until he wrecked it in a race in Beggar’s Canyon. Honestly, it had been completely Biggs’ fault, but Uncle Owen had refused to hear it and disallowed Luke from applying to the Academy for another year as punishment. “Need a hand?” Luke called to the alien. He knew exactly what was wrong with the speeder, and being a Skywalker, he felt the uncontrollable urge to go fix it. The alien looked up at the strange human on foot nearby that apparently was offering help. Had he heard that correctly. “Come again?” the alien said as Luke came closer. “Do you need help?” Luke asked the creature he now recognized to be a Vrogem. “I couldn’t help but see that you were having a problem with your speeder. Forgive me, but I used to own one of these and I think I know what your problem is.” “Really?” The Vrogem raised a brow. After twelve years of his speeder giving him problems he was reasonably skeptical at the idea that someone knew how to fix his ruddy speeder. “And what would that be?” “It’s your wiring,” Luke opened the smoking control panel. He pointed to a pair of wires – one red and the other blue – plugged in next to each other. “The power cables to the breaks and the handling were mixed up in production. It’s a fault all the 742 models had; that’s why they’re so cheap. It’s fine for a while since there’s not much of a difference in their power requirements, but after a while the breaks spark. You’ll need to replace a few parts in them, but as for preventing the issue in the future all you need to do is swap the two wires.” “Oh, well, thanks,” the Vrogem looked surprised as Luke switched the wires. “You a mechanic?” “I’ve dabbled,” Luke shrugged. “What do I owe you for the assessment?” It was Luke’s turn to look surprised, “Oh, I didn’t mean- It’s free. I just recognized your problem and thought I’d save you some trouble and tell you what was wrong. I fixed my own 742 so I knew it would work, and thus save you from getting the run around from an uninformed mechanic. Not many of these speeders are still around, and only a handful were ever released. Technically they were all meant to be recalled.” “You think you could fix mine?” the Vrogem asked. “I’ve made a few modifications throughout the years and I think I’ve messed up the mechanics somewhat fierce, which is very embarrassing since I’m actually a mechanic. Not professionally trained, mind you, but I’ve always had a mind for figuring out machines.” Again Luke was surprised, “Well there are a few issues I think I can give you some advice on, but I’d need to do a full assessment to fully fix this… if that’s even possible at this point.” The Vrogem laughed, “I know. It’s basically homemade at this point. Probably the worst put together thing you’ve ever seen.” Luke chuckled, thinking of the Falcon, “You’d be surprised.” “So you in? I’ve got plenty of supplies in my shop.” Luke glanced at Niima Outpost. A pit stop couldn’t hurt. It wasn’t like Rey’s body was going anywhere. “Sure,” Luke decided. “I’m in.” “Great,” the Vrogem grasped Luke’s hand. “Quom Tinadar.” “Nice to meet you, Quom,” Luke smiled. “Of course the tension coil would snap halfway there,” Luke groaned. “Quit whining and keep pushing,” Quom grunted as he and Luke pushed the speeder through town. He purposefully avoided Aletha’s questioning gaze and raised eyebrows as they passed her tent. “We’re almost there. It’s the blue tent right by the town well.” “You have a town well?” “Yep.” “As in people can just walk up and get as much water they want?” “If you don’t mind sharing with the happabores,” Quom replied. “You from a desert planet?” “A long time ago,” Luke replied. “Is it that obvious?” “No man who hasn’t lived through drought gets excited at the thought of free water.” “You should have seen me the first time I visited Kamino.” “Honestly, I avoid that place on principal,” Quom grunted as they pushed the speeder into his tent workshop. “There. Help me unload my haul and then we can take a look at this thing.” As Quom got to work, Luke began setting things around the tent in whatever spot seemed appropriate. He was placing some power convertors in a drawer when he came across a drawer full of small human clothing: goggles, scarf, a tunic, and some shoes. “You have a child?” Luke asked, holding up the shoes. “Of a sort,” Quom replied. “The girl isn’t mine, but I was watching over her for a while. Thought I’d get her some clothes in case she outgrows or ruins the ones she has. What about you? You got a litter of your own?” “I had a daughter,” Luke sadly put the clothing back in the drawer. They would have fit Rey perfectly. Quom decided not to pry on the man’s use of past tense, “So what are you doing here, Outmian?” The Vrogem’s usage of the Huttese word for foreigner threw Luke off for a minute until he remembered they spoke it on Jakku. “I’m looking for something,” Luke answered. “Anything in particular?” Quom pressed. “Perhaps,” Luke gave a mysterious smile. “Oh great,” Quom groaned. “You’re one of those people.” Luke just chuckled, “Actually you might be able to help me. Do you know where there was a sandstorm about four months ago?” Maybe he could find a general search area of where Rey had been left and covered by the storm. Quom frowned, “Four months ago? I don’t think there was one.” “What?” Luke scowled. “Are you sure?” “Not positive, but I think we went about three months without one before the big one two months ago.” “Huh,” Luke dismissed Quom’s claim. Felicity had sworn that she lost Rey during a sandstorm. The Vrogem’s memory had to be faulty. For the next hour Luke and Quom thoroughly inspected the speeder, Luke making suggestions where he could. “That should be about it,” Quom declared. “You want to help me start with the repairs.” “I’d love to but I should really get going,” Luke replied. “I’ve already spent too much time here.” “Well, thanks. If you ever want to swing by a work on something, you’ll always be welcome.” “I’ll take you up on that. Hey do you know where I can find Unkar Plutt?” Quom flinched, “Take my advice, Outmian. Stay away from him.” Luke shook his head, “Unfortunately he’s a vital part of my search.” “Are you a bounty hunter?” “No.” “Damn,” Quom muttered. “Well, you should find him in the middle of the town. Big concession stand, you can’t miss it.” “Thanks,” Luke said. “Good luck with your speeder, Quom.” “And good luck with your search, Outmian.” “Luke.” Quom smiled, “Luke.” Luke nodded and exited the tent. Sighing, Quom turned back to his speeder and busied himself with fixing it. It took a good ten minutes before Quom’s mind clicked. His name was Luke. Racing out of his tent, Quom frantically around the street for the long haired, bearded man named Luke who had a daughter and was searching something. Could it possibly be Luke Erso, finally arriving to collect his daughter? … Nah. Quom went back into his tent, shaking his head at his foolishness. What were the odds he would actually randomly find Rey’s father in the middle of the desert? Though Luke had long craved for anonymity, he found it rather inconvenient when he achieved it on Jakku. Joining the line up at Unkar Plutt’s concession stand, many creatures were all too happy to shove in front of the itemless human who clearly wasn’t there to trade anything. Looking around at the gruff creatures who populated Niima Outpost, Luke grimaced at the thought of Felicity living among them. She of course could well handle herself, and Luke had never been a particularly jealous man, but he hinted the though of Felicity having to deal with them day in and day out, their hungry eyes roaming for the newest pretty thing. Diego had secretly told Luke that there had been a time on Jakku that a scavenger tried to get a little too handsy with Felicity, only for her to break their wrist. Luke wouldn’t be surprised if Felicity in her heartbroken state had put half the town in the hospital. “Did you see when the First Order took the woman away?” a scavenger by the name of Jarex Zolhar was saying to his posse at their washing table. “No, I missed all the fun stripping that A-Wing for you lot that day,” the other male of the posse replied. “Why do you guys keep rubbing it in?” “It wasn’t that exciting,” sneered one of the woman. “The Stormtrooper took one shot to the woman’s head and she went down like a bag of bricks.” “Why would you carry bricks in a bag? OW! Fallah!” “I’ll hit you again, Dairh.” “It was rather anti-climatic after all the fuss they made,” the other woman said. “You’d think the First Order would at least tear the planet apart for someone pretty.” “You’re just jealous, Minati,” Jarex laughed. “The woman was gorgeous. I wouldn’t have minded trying to get her onto her back.” Luke smirked at Jarex’s yelp when the gas cartridge he was cleaning mysteriously exploded in his hand. The creature behind Luke shoved into his back, and Luke realised the line was moving forward. Letting his eyes wander, Luke noticed two large creatures that were overseeing things had started to mutter to each other as they watched him. Luke figured by their supervisory role that they must be employed by Unkar Plutt. He gave them a smile and looked back at the front of the line where Unkar Plutt was bartering with a scavenger. Suddenly a large man dragged Luke out of line. “Hey, what?” “Shut up!” Roke snapped at the stranger. Luke was dragged off to the side, still within sight of the concession stand while six of Unkar Plutt’s goons surrounded him. “What do you want, Stranger?” Roke made to throw Luke to the ground, but Luke caught his balance. “I beg your pardon?” Luke said in surprise. “You don’t have haul and you don’t come from here,” Roke demanded. “What do you want?” Luke grinned, they had no idea who he was. This could be fun. “I merely seek an audience with the great Unkar Plutt,” Luke smoothly said. “Stop talking like you’re addressing a Hutt!” Roke snapped. “And Plutt doesn’t just talk to anyone. Now get out of here before I kick you so hard out of town you end up in the next star system!” “Gentlemen,” Luke looked around at the goons, “I would be careful if I were you. I am not a man to be trifled with.” “Oh yeah?” The goons moved in closer, creating a wall through which Luke could not escape. The sound of cracking knuckles filled the air and a few of the goons chuckled menacingly. “I’ll say it again, Gentlemen,” Luke said. “I wish to speak to Unkar Plutt, and I know he wants to speak with me as well.” “And why’s that?” Roke’s voice was dangerous. “I’ve been so rude, Gentlemen. Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Luke Skywalker, and I’m looking for my daughter, Rey.” The goons were tripping over themselves to back away from Luke. Many stammered out hasty apologies as Roke just stared at the amused Luke in wide eyed shock. “Skywalker?” Roke whispered. “The one and only,” Luke smiled. “…Excuse me a second,” Roke was ten feet away on his com in an instant. Luke watched as Roke frantically spoke with Plutt while the other goons sweated under Luke’s gaze. None of them seemed to know what to do with him. Should they talk to him? Assure him that the threat was gone and they weren’t going to hurt him? All had the feeling that despite Plutt’s orders to isolate and deal with the stranger, they would pay for menacing the stranger tonight. In the distance, the window of the concession stand slammed shut. Then Roke had Luke by the arm, pulling him towards the concession stand going on about how happy Unkar Plutt was to see Luke and offering his apologies of their earlier treatment of him. Unkar Plutt was… not what Luke expected, and yet in a way was exactly what he expected. A giant lumbering mass, Unkar Plutt had earned the nickname of the Blobfish the residents of Niima Outpost called him behind his back. Luke had talked to Unkar Plutt on the com, but it was another thing seeing the intimidating creature in real life. Of course, Luke could easily slaughter him and all his goons without breaking a sweat but he’d rather keep his hands clean of blood as much as possible. “Master Skywalker,” Unkar greeted. “We finally meet. Mrs. Skywalker told us so much about you.” “Really?” Luke raised a brow. “Did she mention that she hates the moniker Mrs. Skywalker and will punch you if you refer to her as such?” An awkward silence hung in the air. “She… might have mentioned it,” Unkar finally replied. “I apologise for the slip of tongue. I can give my regrets to her in person if you’d prefer.” A heavy weight pressed upon Luke’s chest, “I’m afraid that Felicity is no long with us.” “My condolences,” Unkar’s voice held no true emotion in it. “She was a good woman.” “The best,” Luke whispered. Unkar may not have believed his words, but Luke would give his life to defend the statement. “I suppose I should just get to it and explain why I’m here. I’ve come to find my daughter.” “Of course,” Unkar said. “We’ve been expecting you for a while.” “You… You have?” “We did have an agreement after all.” Luke recalled the deal he had made with Plutt, “I just didn’t think you expected me to actually come to Jakku.” “Well, we didn’t think you were going to send just anyone to come get her,” Unkar frowned. He was puzzled at Skywalker’s words. Felicity Rhiaon didn’t seem like the woman to marry a man who would delegate the collection of his daughter. Luke however, was also puzzled, “You were expecting someone to… get her?” “Of course,” Unkar answered. “Your wife was very clear about the bargain.” “Bargain?” “When she amended the plan.” “Plan?” Luke frowned. What was going on? Unkar sighed, trying to keep the annoyance from his voice, “When she turned herself in to the First Order. So made it very clear how we were to handle the situation with the girl until you came to collect her and pay us. We’ve been taking care of her ever since Felicity left.” “Taking care of her?” “Of course. She left your girl in our care, and I assure you we’ve been taking very good care of her.” There wasn’t a sandstorm , Luke remembered Quom’s claim. She left your girl in our care, Unkar claimed. Wait… had Felicity lied? Lied to protect the whereabouts of Rey to prevent the First Order from finding her? Was it possible that Rey… hadn’t been lost to the deserts of Jakku? Luke simply couldn’t believe it. Felicity had left Rey’s corpse with Unkar so Luke could bring her home and bury her! “You have my daughter?” Luke whispered in disbelief. “Is she close?” “In town as we speak,” Unkar assured. “We can bring her right to you.” “I just can’t believe this. I thought I had lost her forever.” “Don’t you worry about that at all Master Skywalker. Rey’s been safe with us, waiting for you to come get her,” Unkar Plutt assured Luke in his smooth-talking voice which Luke would find at home in a salesman at a used speeder lot. “As I said, we’ve been taking very good care of your little girl.” “I’m truly thankful, Mister Plutt,” Luke sighed, bittersweet feelings fighting for control. “It takes a large burden off me to know I don’t have to spend years tearing Jakku apart to find her.” “Well, I don’t think it would have taken years to find her,” Unkar chuckled. “Now, I know this may seem a little insensitive but we do have an issue of payment to discuss.” “Of course.” “I’ve got the boys putting together a final statement, but I’ve been keeping careful track of all the expenses your girls have incurred. I’ve tried to keep them down as much as possible, but this has proven to be quite the costly venture for me.” Luke frowned, “With all due respect, I’m not sure how it could be.” After all, it was just Felicity’s expenses for a few weeks and then caring for a dead body. “Well, that wife of yours was very specific as to what my responsibilities with your daughter were,” Unkar replied. “I’ve kept her safe. There’s been at least one of my men with her at all times, but usually I’ll have two or three protecting her.” “Sounds reasonable,” Luke nodded, vaguely surprised at how prevalent the act of corpse looting appeared to be on Jakku. “Kept her in clean clothing, nice and wrapped up, protected from the sun.” “Good,” Luke gave an exhale of relief. He had been slightly worried that in his grand plan to find Rey, he would end up finding Rey in a state of decomposition. It would be terrifying to find his daughter’s body to begin with; it would be horrifying to find her rotting under the hot Jakku sun. “Protected her from the First Order.” “Great.” Luke was glad the First Order wouldn’t get his daughter. They had already taken away his chance to bury his wife, but at least Luke could have the chance to bury his daughter. He’d probably take her to Rornian and put her in her grave. Or maybe he’d take her to Ahch-to and bury her in the field Felicity had brought him too ages ago. “Made sure to give her lots of water,” Unkar continued. Luke paused, “… Come again?” “We kept her hydrated,” Unkar repeated. “Just like your wife asked.” Luke gave Unkar Plutt a strange look, “… Okay.” That’s odd. Why did a body need water? Maybe it was some sort of embalming or preservation technique Luke had never heard of? A special desert technique? Growing up on Tatooine, Luke never had water he could spare for such things, but Jakku was different. He remembered Diego telling him that despite the desert conditions, there were plenty of wells, and water was not much of a problem for the people of Jakku. Maybe the water thing was simply a technique not possible to be performed on Tatooine. “And we’ve kept her distracted from the situation,” Unkar continued. Luke scowled, “Distracted?” “Yep,” Unkar nodded. Luke figured that Unkar Plutt must have misspoke. Clearly he meant to say And we’ve kept others distracted from the situation. Right? “And of course, we’ve given her plenty of food.” Wait, what ? “Food?” Luke repeated. “You’ve given her food ?” “Three portions a day,” Unkar Plutt said proudly. … And now Luke was lost. Rubbing the bridge of his nose, Luke struggled to make sense of what Unkar Plutt was saying. Water, food, distractions? None of it made any sense. He of course anticipated Unkar to jack up the prices however he could – he had heard far too many stories from Felicity and Diego not to expect it – but this was ridiculous, and frankly, insulting to his intelligence. “Why?” Luke exclaimed. “Why would you possibly need to give a body fo-” And then it hit him. “Rey…” Luke whispered, his eyes wide as a duet of hope and horror blossomed in his chest, “Rey’s alive ?” Unkar Plutt looked surprised, “What? Of course she’s alive. Like I said, we’ve been taking good care of her.” “So we’re not talking about her corpse?” Luke clarified. “Her corpse? Wait, did you think she was dead?” This couldn’t be. Rey couldn’t possibly be alive. He would have sensed it if she- Wait a minute. Luke reached out in the Force and located Rey again. He focused on her presence, digging hard into the Force to see where she was and what was going on. It was a very rare Force ability to get that intimate into someone’s Force presence, and could only be done through the strongest of Force connections. Luke had only ever seen it performed between a parent and child, and it took all of his might to perform it then. Focusing hard, he saw the image of Rey, sad and lonely. He felt the air in her lungs and the blood pumping through her heart. He roughly stroked his own presence against Rey’s in an over-the-top way that he knew she couldn’t ignore. Luke waited with bated breath for a few minutes, and then he felt it. Rey touched him back. “Oh my God,” Luke whispered, his breaths heaving in his chest. “Rey’s alive. My little girl’s alive.” Luke half expected to drop dead in that moment. Had the Force taken up his offer to trade his life for hers? Yet nothing happened. He still lived, he still breathed, his heart still beat in his chest. Just as Rey’s heart beat within her own. The joy and hope was tremendous; Luke was almost afraid he’d choke on the overwhelming feelings. Rey was alive. His daughter was alive. His Rey of Hope was alive! She had been alive on Jakku this whole time! And then the horror overtook him. Rey had been alive on Jakku this whole time! While Luke spent his nights getting drunk at bars and making out with women who looked like her mother, Rey had been crying herself to sleep, lonely on Jakku. And he had known about it the whole time. Luke wanted to throw up. All those visions of her crying, begging him to come back, they had been genuine pleas through the visions. He had abandoned his daughter alone on a desert planet. He would not tolerate another moment of them being parted. “Where is she?” Luke demanded, cutting Unkar Plutt off. Unkar looked surprised. Luke only realised then that Unkar had been speaking the entire time and he didn’t take in a single word. And yet, Luke didn’t care. “Where. Is. My. Daughter? ” Luke demanded. Unkar hesitated and looked over at Roke, “Go get the girl. Don’t worry, Master Skywalker, Roke will get the girl while we discuss the bill.” “No!” Luke snapped. “You’re not getting a credit until I have Rey in my arms! How long will it take for her to get here?” “Well…” Unkar looked at Roke. “We’re not entirely sure where she is at the moment. We sort of… let her wander town between meals.” “ What? ” “It’s okay, Master Skywalker. My men would never let her get hurt and Rey’s made a few friends in town. Gotten all buddy buddy with the doctor, in fact. Speaking of, you’ll probably want to talk to the doctor as your wife made a few monetary promises to her. But I’ve helped with that debt so we’ll go over that later.” Unkar leaned offered and jovially grasped Luke’s arm, “Just give us an hour and-” “No!” Luke shook off Unkar’s grip. “If she’s not here, I’m not going to just stand here and wait for her. I’m going to find her!” “I can’t let you do that, Master Skywalker,” There was a threatening edge to Unkar Plutt’s voice, and his goons started to surround him again. “I’m afraid that you’re going to have to stay right here and-” “You will let me go find my daughter,” Luke waved his hand at Plutt. “I will let you go find your daughter,” Plutt replied, his eyes glazing slightly as he stepped out of Luke’s way. Luke smirked. The mind trick worked on Unkar Plutt; that would come in handy. “Sir?” Roke frowned. “Should we let him go?” “Yes,” Luke used the trick. “Yes,” Plutt repeated. Roke glanced at one of the goons, “… Okay.” The goons all disengaged, and Luke took off a shot. “Wait,” Plutt frowned as Luke disappeared into the crowd. “What just happened?” “I have no idea,” Roke shook his head. “I want to learn that!” Dirk exclaimed. Roke slapped Dirk. “Thank you, Roke,” Plutt said. “Anytime, Sir,” Roke grinned. “Excuse me, have you seen a girl?” “Sir, have you seen a little girl?” “I’m looking for a little girl.” “Have you seen my daughter?” “Anybody seen a girl?” “Kickeeyuna stuka emeela?” “Around somewhere, alone and afraid.” “Dee boonkee tchuta, solo an theechu.” “Has anyone seen my daughter?” Switching between Basic and Huttese, Luke ran up to everyone in the street, begging for information. Most shoved him away and those that didn’t usually had a few swear words for a reply. Still, Luke pressed on. Somewhere in Niima Outpost his daughter was waiting for him and he would find her. “Excuse me, Doctor?” Luke ran into the tent of the doctor, startling a blonde woman. “Have you seen my daughter?” “I’m sorry?” Aletha blinked, still confused by the sudden intrusion. “My daughter,” Luke repeated. He held up a hand against his leg, “She’s about that high, brown hair, hazel eyes, pale skin, human. Her name’s Rey!” “Rey?” Aletha repeated in shock. Wait, wasn’t this the guy Quom had been with earlier? “Yes, Rey!” Luke exclaimed. “Do you know where she is?” “Well, not at the moment, but-” Luke ran back outside. “Wait!” Aletha called, running out of her tent, but Luke was already gone. “Oh my God.” She knew exactly where to go. “Quom! Quom! Quom Tinadar!” Aletha yelled racing into the mechanic tent. Quom rolled on his scooter out from under his speeder, “What’s up?” “It’s about that man you were with earlier,” Aletha said. “Oh, him.” Quom got to his feet and handed Aletha a flashlight, “Hold that would you?” “What?” Aletha found the flashlight shoved into her hand as Quom popped the hood of his speeder. “Uh, sure. I mean, why are you being so casual? Don’t you hear the panic in my voice?” “Yeah, but I just did something that might blow up this speeder and kill us both if I don’t fiddle with a few things in the engine, so hold the light straight.” Aletha sighed, “Why did I get involved with you?” “Beats me. You initiated it with the whole vitamins thing. And don’t think you can escape this newfound friendship. We took kicks to the face together. That sort of thing bonds you for life. Alright, that should do it. My speeder is completely fixed!” Aletha didn’t look convinced, “ That speeder is completely fixed?” Quom shrugged, “Well, either it’s fixed or it’s going to blow up in fifteen minutes. So what’s this about the guy?” “Quom,” Aletha said seriously, “he’s Rey’s father!” “Huh, so I was right.” “You knew?” “I had my suspicions.” “Why didn’t you tell me or Rey?” Aletha exclaimed. “Well, I wasn’t certain,” Quom replied. “Besides, it’s not like I know where Rey is. She hasn’t exactly been hanging out with us since our beatings. Tell me, how can a kid that young be that selfless?” “Would you get out of here!” Aletha grabbed Quom by the arm and dragged him out of the tent. “We’re going to find Rey and reunite her with her father!” “I don’t think that’s necessary,” Quom pulled out of Aletha’s grasp. “And why not?” Quom grinned and pointed at the street. “Please, has anyone seen my daughter?” Luke exclaimed. “Get out of here!” a creature shoved Luke away. Breathing hard, Luke turned in spot, scanning the streets for any sign whatsoever of his daughter. “Rey!” Luke screamed. “Rey! Rey! REY!” And then he stopped. Sitting ten metres away on the ledge of the well, directly in front of him, crying gently as she clutched a pilot doll in her arms… was Rey. “Oh my gosh, we have to tell her!” Aletha moved forward to get Rey’s attention as Luke stared in frozen disbelief at his daughter. “No, no, no,” Quom grabbed Aletha and pulled her to a halt. “Let the magic unfold naturally.” “Quom-” “Aletha,” Quom’s voice turned serious. “This is their moment. Let them have it.” Aletha smiled and grabbed Quom’s hand, “I promise I’m not going to cry.” “I make no such promise.” Rey’s tears had been brought forward by the moment she felt her Daddy’s presence brush against her own. Desperately she brushed back and for a moment it worked. But then Daddy was gone again. Rey had collapsed, sitting on the edge of the well, clutching her pilot doll as she wailed. She was so sick of waiting. Of being alone. Of sleeping by herself. Of crying. Of her heart aching as she missed her mommy and daddy. She loved them so much. Why were they teasing her? She just wanted to go home. She just wanted to see them again. She wanted to be safe in their arms as they made the monsters go away. She wanted Mommy. She wanted Uncle Han. She wanted Aunt Leia. She wanted to snuggle into Uncle Chewie’s fur. Get spoiled rotten by Uncle Lando. Get taught and taken care of by her Jedi friends. Listen to Uncle Diego’s embarrassing stories about Mommy. Listen to Uncle Wedge’s embarrassing stories about Daddy. Rey wanted Daddy. How much longer did she have to go through this pain? How many nights did she have to be alone? How many times did she have to reach into the Force and beg Daddy to come get her? She just wanted her daddy. She couldn’t understand what was going on. Why things were taking so long. Where was Daddy? “REY!” Luke watched as Rey’s head snapped up. Her eyes widened as they locked across the street with his. In that moment, the world stopped. They didn’t move, they didn’t speak, they didn’t even breath. There they were, metres apart, and no amount of blinking to clear from view, no amount of pinching to be woken up, no amount of doing anything to clear the image from their minds made it go away. It was real. They were there and moments from being together again. “DADDY!” Rey screamed. “REY!” Luke yelled back. Rey was running to him and he to her. Subtly using the Force, Luke cleared the path between himself and Rey. They ran to each other, nothing on their minds but the thought of sharing each other’s warm embrace. The sweet victory they had so longed for. Ten metres. Eight. Five. Three. “REY!” Two. “DADDY!” One. “REY!” “DADDY!” Collision. Luke’s arms locked around her body and hoisted her into the air. “Daadddyy!” Rey wept, burying her face into Luke’s shoulder as her daddy spun her around. “Rey!” Luke sobbed as his clutched onto her for dear life. She alive and safely in his arms. “Rey! Oh my Sweetheart.” “Daddy! Daddy, you came back!” “I came back, Sweetheart, just like I promised.” “Daddy!” Rey wailed, her sobs hitching in her throat. Uncaring of the eyes on them, Luke fell to his knees still holding his daughter tightly in his embrace. “It’s you,” Luke said in amazement, his hands running all over her. Running over her face, her eyes, her cheeks, her arms, her hands, her neck, her chest, and pausing to feel her heartbeat. Caressing, reassuring, and verifying that she was truly alive and breathing. “You’re okay.” “Daddy, don’t leave me!” Rey desperately pleaded. “Please, don’t leave me! I don’t want to be alone again!” “Never, Sweetheart,” Luke pressed a kiss her forehead. “It’s okay, Rey. Daddy’s here, and he’s never going to leave you again. I promise.” Rey sniffed, the goofy grin she had inherited from him running across her face, “I love you, Daddy.” “I love you too, Rey,” Luke laughed, unable to wipe the mirrored grin off his face. “I love you so much. It’s okay. Daddy’s here.” Standing at the entrance of the mechanic tent, Aletha Kymeri and Quom Tinadar watched the scene of the father and daughter’s reunion with utter joy. “I said I wasn’t going to cry,” Aletha was grinning as the tears streamed down her face. “I made no promises,” Quom blew his long nose onto his scarf. Catching Aletha’s disgusted look, Quom shrugged and held up his scarf, “They’re very versatile.” It felt like ages Luke and Rey were knelt on the ground, holding each other and sobbing. They didn’t need to move, they didn’t need to speak, they didn’t need to do anything but feel the other’s warm, familiar embrace. “I'll come back, sweetheart,” Luke had said that night on Rornian. “I promise.” And after 192 days apart, Luke had fulfilled his promise. Luke couldn’t believe it; that morning he had woken up prepared to dig through Jakku’s desert to find his daughter’s corpse, and now she was alive and safe in his arms. “I love you, Rey,” Luke kissed her over and over as he held her tight. “I love you so much.” He rested his head atop hers and held her with all her might. He thought he had lost her, he had spent so many hour crying, begging the universe to have her back, and now she was. Luke could see those moments he thought lost. Rey growing up. Rey learning to read. Rey learning to drive. Rey learning how to fix ships. Rey learning how to fly. Rey getting her first crush. Intimidating Rey’s first boyfriend or girlfriend. Rey’s first sip of alcohol. Rey going through teenage rebellion. Rey doing stupid things she needed her father to come in and fix. Rey getting married. Rey having children. Rey living a full life that lasted far longer than five measly years. Luke could fulfill his promises he thought lost. He could spend the rest of his life loving, guiding, and protecting Rey. And someday, when he passed from this life and left her behind, he could preserve himself so that he could continue to be there when she needed him. He would never leave her; not even in death. And there was one more small perk to Rey being alive. It meant that the First Order hadn’t take away the woman Luke loved so much. As long as Rey was alive, Felicity’s spirit lived on in her daughter. Luke couldn’t have been happier than to have Rey in his arms again. And Rey couldn’t have been happier than to be in Daddy’s arms again. He had come back, and now she didn’t need to be afraid. Daddy would protect her from whatever monsters came for her next. She wouldn’t have to spend another night alone, missing him, and sad. She could go home, to a real home and eat real food and see her real friend and but loved by her real family. It was a dream come true. So they knelt there in the middle of the streets of Niima Outpost, holding each other and revelling in their reunion. Luke and Rey Rhiaon Skywalker, together again forever. Just for a moment, everything was right with the world. For a moment, they were together, safe, and above all, happy. In that moment, nothing could destroy their joy. And then reality came crashing down. “Daddy? Where's Mommy?” Notes: What? You actually thought I was going to let you come away from this chapter feeling good? Chapter 16 : Terms of Agreement Summary: Luke has a talk with Plutt, Aletha debates the merits of making a run for it, and Quom uses Rey as a human shield. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The Long Way Home Chapter Sixteen Terms of Agreement “Where’s Mommy?” Rey repeated as Luke stared open-mouthed at her. Words stuck to his dry throat. How was he ever going to tell Rey that Mommy wasn’t coming home? It was a pain Luke had yet to cope with himself; how could he thrust that upon his innocent little girl? The sight of Rey’s bright hazel eyes, shining with hope – eyes that were mirror copies of the woman Luke so thoroughly mourned – tore at his heart. How could he break his daughter’s heart? She had been through so much already and they had finally found happiness in their reunion. Why did Luke have to deliver such cruel news that the mother Rey adored wasn’t coming back? He didn’t want to tell her… but he knew he had the responsibility to do so. “Rey,” Luke gently stroked her cheek. “Oh, my Sweet Rey of Sunshine.” Tears glistened in his eyes but Luke would not allow them to drop. He struggled to keep himself together, to be strong and catch Rey when she made her eventual fall into sorrow. Yet he selfishly prayed that something, anything would intervene and delay telling Rey the news her mother was dead. “Rey,” Luke whispered hoarsely. He paused to clear his throat after the false start. This was one of the hardest things he would ever have to say, “Rey, Mommy… Mommy’s not-” BANG! The explosion cut off any train of thought the residents of Niima Outpost might have had. Instantly, the street turned as one to identify the source of the noise and see if it would negatively affect them in any way. A cloud of smoke was arising from Quom Tinadar’s tent as Doctor Aletha Kymeri looked violently perturbed – eyes wide and shaking like a startled steelpecker – from the explosion. Quom Tinadar however, looked completely unphased. “Alright, maybe the speeder isn’t quite fixed,” Quom said casually. He looked down at his watch and grinned, “Hey, look! I was right; fifteen minutes on the dot!” Aletha groaned, throwing her head down into her hands. “What?” Quom asked innocently. Rey gasped when her eyes set on Quom and Aletha. Daddy was here! Mister Plutt only wanted Daddy’s money, and now that he could have it there was no reason to harm Mister Quom and Doctor Aletha. That meant that she could safely see her friends again and tell Daddy everything they had done for her. She was about to start for the pair when Rey suddenly remembered her vision of Plutt’s words. “But imagine what will happen if he comes here and the girl tells him, ‘No, Unkar Plutt didn't take care of me. Aletha Kymeri and Quom Tinadar did.’ Well… then we'll have a problem.” Rey paused to think. She would have to be very careful about what she told Daddy. Rey knew her father was a man few dared to cross, but she still didn’t know what would happen if Daddy learned the truth about Mister Plutt. It was only when Rey was positive that she, Doctor Aletha, and Mister Quom would all be safe that she could tell Daddy what the mean Mister Plutt had threatened to do. But there was one thing Rey was positive about: she could see her friends again. “Daddy! Daddy!” Rey exclaimed, tugging on her father’s arm. Luke was still knelt on the ground, at eyelevel with the standing Rey. She wildly pointed towards Quom and Aletha, “Daddy, come see my friends!” Luke was surprised at Rey’s sudden enthusiasm. Rey had friends on Jakku? Had Felicity known about them? Were they under Plutt’s employ? Was his daughter warranted in trusting them? Luke was cautious about the idea of Rey’s supposed friends, but truthfully he was a little relieved that Rey had been distracted from the question of where her mother was. Of course, it left Luke with a lingering dread of when he did have to tell her, but at least he didn’t have to deal with it at the exact moment. “Daddy, come on!” Rey pulled on his arm insistently. “Alright,” Luke chuckled, getting to his feet. “I’m coming.” “Yay!” Rey let go of her father and ran towards the panicked looking Aletha and Quom. “They’re heading this way,” Aletha said, a sudden sense of fear enveloping her. “What do we do?” “I don’t know!” Quom exclaimed. “We didn’t think this far ahead! …Should we run? There’s a clear path to the left.” “No, they’ve already seen us. Besides where would we hide?” “Your tent?” “Rey would follow us.” “Damn it! What do we do? Plutt’s going to kill us!” “I don’t know!” Aletha’s eyes darted to the tantalizing open path as she reconsidered the option to run. No, it was too late; Rey was almost to them with her father. They’d have to face the Ersos and hope that it didn’t get them killed by Plutt. “Just play it by ear, and follow my lead!” “Aye aye, Captain!” Quom gave a quick salute. “Actually I was a Lieutenant in the Rebellion,” Aletha quickly muttered. “My husband was the Captain.” “Ground team or pilot?” a male voice asked and Aletha found herself face to face with Rey’s father. “Doctor Aletha!” Rey attached herself to Aletha’s legs in a tight hug. “Hello, Sunshine,” Aletha leaned down and hugged Rey. Aletha had always been the kind of person who attached themselves to others very quickly, and in such fashion, Aletha had become dedicated to the sweet little girl. She had worried fiercely about Rey’s wellbeing during her avoidance of them, and Aletha was happy to see Rey was in good condition. In fact, Aletha would confidently bet that Rey looked even better now that her father was back. Detaching herself from Aletha’s leg, Rey turned to Quom. “Mister Quom!” Rey pounced on the Vrogem, knocking him to the ground. “Hello there, MG,” Quom laughed as Rey embraced him tightly. How Rey had missed her friends. As Aletha smiled at the scene, she heard a quiet chuckle from the man to her left. Aletha spared a glance at the mysterious figure that was Rey’s father. She had heard so much about this man that it almost seemed unreal to encounter him in the flesh. Felicity Erso had spared some words about her husband while Aletha had treated Rey for heatstroke. Felicity told Aletha how grateful Luke would be for saving their daughter and hinted at providing Aletha with some sort of reward. Felicity had also mentioned him being an ass and an idiot, but Aletha took it with a grain of salt considering those proclamations came after Felicity’s failure to contact Luke’s comm. Plutt and his cronies had whispered about Luke Erso being powerful, and that he was absolutely loaded. Aletha didn’t know how much of that to trust considering it came from Unkar Plutt, but then again, Felicity Erso had promised that her husband could cover the costs of Aletha’s broken medical equipment so there probably was some truth in it. Most of what Aletha had heard about Luke had come from Rey. She loved to boast that her daddy was a hero who kicked butt in the Rebellion along with her mommy (although they didn’t kick butt together as they met when the war was over.) According to Rey, Luke Erso was brave and smart and strong and loved her oh so very much. But the thing Rey had been most confident in was that Daddy would not let her down. Daddy was going to come back to Jakku with Mommy and save Rey and take her home. And Rey was correct, Luke Erso had come to Jakku… though he was noticeably Mommyless. Aletha’s weak blue eyes met the sad but strong gaze of Luke Erso. He was rather handsome. Luke was noticeably fit, though not particularly tall – Aletha was surprised that he stood head to head with her height of 5’6”. He had shaggy blonde hair that was tinged with his first grey hairs and a beard that looked unkempt in the way the newly bearded did. A single black glove covered the hand Rey had informed Aletha to be false, and a wedding band was set on his left hand. The most striking thing about Luke Erso was how he seemed to carry an air about him that was both confident and modest. But there was also something noticeably sad about him; a tinge of guilt in his eyes and a slump to his posture as if he carried the physical weight of his sorrow. In turn, Luke observed Aletha. Though he had yet to acknowledge the connection, he recognized the Vrogem to be the same he had helped earlier that day. It was the strange woman Rey had declared to also be her friend that intrigued Luke. Doctor Aletha, Rey had called her, and a Rebel, Aletha claimed to be. For a moment, Luke worried that she might identify him, but he could sense no recognition in her. He went through his memories of his time in the Rebellion and her face appeared in none of them. She was a human that was tanned, though from his life on Tatooine, Luke could tell it was not of ethnic origins as the tan skin of Alyla and Gavyn Kene had been. Aletha was likely naturally pale, and had earned a tan from her many years on Jakku. Aletha was probably somewhere between four and seven years older than Luke, and had wispy ice blonde hair peppered with streaks of grey. Unlike Aletha’s assessment of them having the same height, Luke suspected that she may have actually been half an inch taller than him. (Being exact in measurements of height had become a point of survival in the Skywalker family as Luke and the girls’ short statures had been mocked ruthlessly by the ridiculously tall Han Solo and later Ben in one of the few points of bonding between father and son.) But the thing had disturbed Luke was how slender Aletha was. Her bone structure did suggest Aletha had a small frame, but her skin clung onto her bones with very little muscle. Aletha’s eyes were slightly slunk into her head, her ribcage stuck out, and she was lightly shivering, a result of lower body temperature caused by starvation. She didn’t look like Luke could easily snap her in half, but there was no denying the Doctor was underfed. Perhaps that was the reason for the sadness that haunted her eyes, and yet she also had a gleam of light. Luke felt a sense of kinsmanship; Aletha was a woman who had seen too much yet somehow retained a sense of hope. “So,” Aletha finally spoke, “you must be the Mister Luke Erso I’ve heard so much about.” “Erso?” Luke blurted out. “Of course,” Quom grinned, getting to his feet when Rey had finally crawled off him. “Husband of Jyn Erso.” Luke understood, “Right, Jyn. My wife.” Rey frowned, “But Daddy, Mommy’s name is-” “Hush now, please Rey,” Luke ordered. Recently reunited or not, Luke was unafraid to step into an authoritarian role with Rey when needed. “Oh, it’s okay,” Quom lazily waved his hand, “we know her real name was Felicity Rhiaon, but hell if we can figure out what the big deal about that was. So Luke Erso, Luke Rhiaon, Luke Insert Last Name Here, take your pick.” Luke chuckled, “How about we go with Erso?” “Works for me,” Quom smiled. “I’d introduce myself, but you and I know each other already.” “You do?” Rey looked up at Luke in confusion. “Your dad helped me with my speeder this morning.” “Is that what exploded?” Quom was silent, “… Yes, yes it was.” Luke couldn’t help but grin, “Rey, why don’t you properly introduce me to your friends?” “Okay, Daddy!” Rey said excitedly. “Mister Quom, Doctor Aletha, this is Daddy.” “Luke Erso,” Quom winked. “Daddy, these are my friends,” Rey introduced. “The nice lady is Doctor Aletha Kymeri. She and her husband fought in the Rebellion, and her husband, a pilot named Antar was in a crash and cut off his arm and got a mechanical one like you. But he’s dead now.” Luke raised a brow as Aletha stifled a laugh. “Don’t you love how blunt children are?” Aletha grinned at the horrified Luke. “I’m more concerned with how blunt your storytelling has been,” Luke said. “Daddy, I’m talking,” Rey tugged on Luke’s pant leg, annoyed that she had been interrupted. Luke bent down and kissed Rey on the forehead, “Go on, Sweetheart. I’m listening.” “You better be,” Rey crossed her arms. Luke shot her a look and Rey understood she had crossed the line from cute and bossy to demanding and rude. “Sorry, Daddy,” Rey said. “You’re forgiven,” Luke said, but gave her a look that clearly meant don’t do it again . “Now, who is your other friend?” “Mister Quom Tinadar,” Rey proclaimed. “He’s a mechanic and been teaching me survival stuff. Mommy almost shot him, but we’re okay now.” It was Quom’s turn to get Luke’s horrified look. “My wife almost shot you?” Luke exclaimed. “Look,” Quom said casually, “I don’t know you and I don’t really know your wife, but let’s be honest, does Felicity threatening to shoot me sound out of character?” Luke opened his mouth and paused, “… Yeah, I’ll be honest, that sounds right on the mark.” “I thought so.” Luke sighed, “Alright, now that we’ve all been properly introduced, why don’t we get down to it? I’m very confused as to everything that’s gone on here. If you don’t mind me asking, can you please explain how exactly you knew my wife and why I should trust either of you with my daughter?” To emphasis his point, Luke wrapped his arm tightly around Rey’s shoulders and pulled her firmly against his leg. “But Daddy!” Rey cried out. “They’re good guys!” “Rey, hush,” Luke warned. “No, Daddy, listen to me!” Rey pulled out of her father’s grip. “Hush!” Luke snapped, grabbing her arm and pulling her back against him. “I’m not going to ask you again, Rey!” That was when Luke noticed the tears in her eyes. It was like he had been punched in the face. How many times in the past few months had he regretted yelling at Rey? Heck, he had cried over it that very morning, and yet here he was angry again with her. “Please don’t cry, Sweetheart,” Luke knelt before Rey as she started to sob. He wiped the tears from her eyes and pulled her into his loving embrace. “I’m just trying to make sure you’re safe.” “But I am safe!” Rey wailed. “They’re my friends!” “I know they’re your friends,” Luke said. “But I don’t know them and after everything we’ve been through I’m so terrified that someone is going to try to hurt you again.” “But they made sure I didn’t get hurt! They got beat up so I wouldn’t!” Luke froze, “What?” “MG, we don’t need to talk about that,” Quom said nervously. “It’s okay. Listen to your dad. He’s a smart man who just wants to protect you. Besides, we know how to get him to trust us.” Luke frowned at Quom and Aletha. What was Rey talking about? They had taken a beating? And someone had tried to hurt Rey? Luke’s eyes meet Aletha’s and he silently pleaded for more information. Aletha shook her head and mouthed the word, later . Luke nodded and turned back to Rey. “Alright, Sweetheart,” Luke kissed her forehead and held her close. “Why don’t we let Quom and Aletha prove they’re trustworthy?” Rey sniffed and wiped her nose on her arm, “How?” “How about we start with what your mom told me to say to him?” Aletha suggested. Suddenly Luke’s throat felt very dry, “What? …What did she say to tell me?” A strange feeling bloomed in Luke’s chest. Felicity had left a message for him? As he rose to his feet, he struggled not to get too excited over the idea that Felicity had managed to speak to him one last time. Was it some dire message? Was it an explanation of what had happened? Was it a taunt that she had been right about Ben the entire time? Was it a final declaration of love? Aletha gave him a gentle smile. She regretted that Felicity had not left some epic final message to her husband, but Aletha prayed that somehow the simple words would offer Luke comfort. “She said to say that Felicity sent you, and if you were to ever say ‘thank you’ that I should say ‘anytime’ and you would know what that meant,” Aletha relayed. Luke felt the tears gather in his eyes. No, Felicity had not left some epic final message, but the words did offer a strange comfort. Their phrase was so simple, but for Luke and Felicity it meant so much more. He remembered the first time they ever exchanged those words. It had been on the day they met, at the tenth anniversary celebration of the Battle of Yavin. Luke had praised Felicity’s unrecognized efforts in stealing the Death Star plans so that the Battle of Yavin and the destruction of the Death Star could be possible. “Thank you,” Felicity had said what would be their sacred words for the first time. “It's nice to see someone appreciate my team's accomplishments for once.” Luke had grinned at her, “Anytime.” Felicity had later told Luke that that had been the moment she realized she loved his smile; her often professed favorite feature of his. Their sacred phrase had been repeated later that day when Luke had given his tribute to the fallen pilots of the Battle of Yavin. It was when he got to Biggs Darklighter that Luke struggled to go on. “Biggs Darklighter,” Luke's voice had broken on the last name. “Biggs was my best friend, and we had just been reunited. I was going to tell him all about the adventures I had had, but…” Luke couldn't bring himself to finish the sentence. Felicity had looked up at him. Luke was staring into the flames, tears shining in his eyes. As if it was the most natural thing in the world, Felicity had gently touched his arm. Luke visibly relaxed at the gesture of comfort. “Thank you,” Luke had whispered. Felicity had smiled, “Anytime.” Luke would have been lying if he said he hadn’t probably loved Felicity from the very start. Of course, they hadn’t fallen immediately into each other’s arms. That’s what probably had made their relationship work so well; they had taken the time to become friends over lovers. Perhaps that’s why losing her had so destroyed Luke. He hadn’t just lost his lover, but his best friend and partner. Both of them had endured so much trauma in their lives but were always determined to stand on their own and deal with things on their own. It was only once they found each other that they had found someone to catch them when they fell. Luke had become so dependent on Felicity that now he let himself fall, but only at the last moment had he remembered she was no longer there to catch him. “I promise you, Felicity,” Luke's voice had been calm, but filled with pain during their final encounter, “I will never leave you. But I cannot always be by your side physically, so you'll just have to accept my emotional presence. My memory. My promises. You'll have to trust me that this will not be the end.” Felicity had painfully whispered, “Luke-” “I love you. I have from the moment I first met you, and I'll love you even beyond my death.” Felicity had not needed to repeat Luke’s professions; he knew every word he spoke could be perfectly switched around. She would never leave him, and she would love him beyond her death. And that’s why that one final thank you meant so much to Luke. The words thank you and anytime had become so much more that gratitude; it was an unrivaled testament of love, a vow to catch the other when they fell, and a promise to be there even when they couldn’t physically. “I love you, Felicity Rhiaon,” Luke had whispered during their final night, relishing the warmth of her skin. Felicity ran a loving hand through his soft blond hair, her final gesture of intimacy, “I love you too, Luke Skywalker. Thank you... Thank you for loving me.” Luke had gently smiled, “Anytime.” As the memories faded away, Luke found himself staring at Doctor Aletha Kymeri through a veil of unfallen tears. “Thank you,” Luke whispered. Still smiling her gentle smile, Aletha nodded and said, “Anytime.” “So… does that get you to trust us?” Quom asked, feeling kind of awkward during the silent emotional moment. He wasn’t the only one; Rey was squirming by her father’s feet. Why was Daddy so sad to hear his and Mommy’s phrase? Couldn’t Mommy just tell him that when they all got home? And where was Mommy? “A little bit,” Luke admitted, wiping the tears from his eyes. “But I’m still uncertain as to your connection with my wife. Do you two work for Plutt?” “Oh God, no!” Aletha exclaimed in disgust. “I’d rather be dead,” Quom proclaimed. “No, your wife and I met independently of Plutt. She later asked me to keep an eye on Rey to pay off my debt.” “Debt?” Luke asked. Quom awkwardly scratched his back, his eyes darting away, “Uh… we had an interesting first meeting.” Luke narrowed his eyes, “Go on.” “Well… We made a bargain and I sort of took advantage of the situation and overstepped my demands.” Luke said nothing but crossed his arms and gave Quom a look the Vrogem was terrified to be on the receiving end of. Luke Erso appeared to be a man who was willing to cause a lot of damage to anyone who crossed his family. “I tried to give it back!” Quom exclaimed. “But she wouldn’t take it and neither would Rey!” Luke looked down at Rey, “Is that true?” Rey nodded, “We don’t take things that aren’t ours, and it belongs to Mommy, not me.” Luke ruffled her hair, “Well, I’m not going to chastise you for following that rule. But what exactly are we talking about here? What of my wife’s do you have?” Quom untied the string around his neck and held it up, “These are some pretty rings, don’t you think?” “Felicity!” Luke gasped, grabbing the rings. Turning them over in his hand, Luke studied them intently, “I thought these were lost.” “Nope,” Quom shook his head. “They’ve been hanging around my neck for months, waiting for you or you wife to take them back.” Without seeking permission to claim ownership, Luke tied the string around his neck, his wife’s rings resting on his chest. Luke had been so angry at Ben for not allowing him to have that small memento of Felicity, and now Luke had them, the metal pressing next to his heart. Rey frowned, “Daddy, are you okay?” Daddy was looking sad again and she didn’t like it. “It’s okay, MG,” Quom assured her. “I think your dad has just been through a lot lately and it’s hard for him to take it all in. ‘Specially since he doesn’t understand everything that’s happened.” “Don’t be sad, Daddy,” Rey hugged Luke’s leg tightly. “How can I make things better?” Luke laughed, “It’s not your job to make me feel better.” “Mommy said the same thing, but then she kept getting sad and I didn’t like it. She cried when she thought I was asleep, but I didn’t say anything cause I didn’t want to make her more sad.” A harsh silence clung to the air as Luke failed to find a response to Rey’s blunt admission. He hated the thought that Felicity had been so sad on Jakku, but it was worse knowing that Rey had witnessed it. “I’m sorry, Daddy,” Rey looked at the ground. “I didn’t mean to make you sad again.” “No,” Luke got down on one knee and pulled her into a hug, “I’m not sad. In fact, I’m happier than I have been in five months. I have you back, and that’s all that matters.” “But you keep crying.” “Sometimes it’s not easy to be happy when you’ve spent so much time being sad. I just need a little help from time to time to get happy again.” “I want to help! How can I do that?” “Why don’t we tell him about all our adventures, MG?” Quom suggested. “Where should we start?” “How about with what in the Galaxy do you keep calling my daughter?” Luke rose to his feet. “What’s an MG?” “MG?” Quom asked. “It’s shorthand for Miracle Girl.” “Miracle Girl?” Luke glanced down at his daughter. “Isn’t there some sort of phrase against miracles around here?” “There’s no miracles on Jakku,” Aletha said the infamous mantra. “That’s the one,” Luke nodded. “And one that I believe in.” Quom grinned, “Except when it comes to this little girl.” “Why’s that?” “Well, how many people do you know that come back from the dead?” “ WHAT?” Luke exclaimed. “Rey came back from the dead ?” What the hell was going on on this crazy planet Felicity had brought their daughter? Rey was dead, but not really, but actually was, but then got better? Where was aspirin when Luke needed it? “Knock it off, Tinadar!” Aletha smacked Quom’s arm. “He’s making it sound worse than it was.” Luke frowned, “So… Rey didn’t die?” Aletha weighed her words, “Well… technically she did.” “What?” “She suffered a clinical death,” Aletha explained. “Rey suffered an extreme case of heatstroke and at one point her breathing ceased and heart stopped beating. Felicity Erso managed to revive Rey via cardiopulmonary resuscitation.” Quom stared at her. “CPR,” Aletha said. “Oh,” Quom nodded. Luke sighed, rubbing his temples in exasperation, “You know… maybe we should just start from the very beginning?” “Sounds good to me,” Quom declared. He held open the flap to his tent, “But why don’t we have seat? This might take a while.” And so they told Luke everything. Luke sat on Quom’s cot with Rey in his lap, as Quom sat in a rickety metal chair and Aletha settled on a workbench. They told Luke all that had happened as far as they understood it. Quom told of his encounter and bargaining with Felicity in the walker. While Luke felt pride at the retelling of Felicity protecting Rey, he was less than impressed at the part where Quom implied Felicity had offered herself as a bartering option. Considering the circumstances, Luke wasn’t going to put a black mark against her memory, but he still didn’t like the idea of someone else being intimate with his wife. Rey stayed silent during the story. Even when Daddy asked her questions about the missing parts that had involved only her and Mommy, Rey refused to answer them. She didn’t want to think about that scary hike through the desert. She didn’t want to remember when Mommy went away. She didn’t want to confess how sad and lonely she had been. She didn’t want to make Daddy feel bad about not coming earlier. Rey could feel the guilt in him and didn’t want to make it worse. Though Daddy hadn’t said anything about it, Rey could feel deep down that if Daddy could have come earlier nothing in the galaxy would have stopped him. So as the adults urged her once more to fill in a blank neither Quom or Aletha could fill, Rey shook her head and snuggled into her father’s loving embrace. Luke accepted his daughter’s decision to stay silent, and kissed her forehead as he continued to lovingly stroke her hair. Of course, there was another part of the story that got left out, and that was where Quom and Aletha had endured a beating for Rey. As intrigued as Luke was about it, the others knew it was too dangerous to cross Plutt until they had set up the proper circumstances. Plutt would not get away with it, but they would like to have it end preferably with unsnapped necks. So as far as Luke knew, this was the story of Felicity and Rey’s time on Jakku: Quom had found Felicity and Rey in a walker where Rey had suffered heatstroke. Felicity saved Rey via CPR and bartered with Quom for his cool down pill. Quom brought Felicity and Rey into town and headed back out for the desert. Shortly after, Unkar Plutt had brought Felicity and Rey to Aletha. As Aletha treated Rey, Felicity made her comm attempts and came back without success. Neither Quom nor Aletha saw Felicity and Rey for two weeks but Plutt was seen taking portions out of town every few days. Then the First Order arrived and searched for the girls for several weeks. Plutt threatened to cut off and/or kill anyone who turned in Felicity and Rey to the First Order. Both Quom and Aletha were interrogated by Captain Phasma but hid their knowledge out of moral principal. One day Quom encountered a tearful Felicity Erso by herself. She claimed to have done something terrible for the greater good, and later implied that she had abandoned Rey. Felicity forgave Quom, and rejected her rings. She then asked Quom to return a speeder to Plutt’s goons and asked if Quom could, to help Rey if she needed it. After her equipment was destroyed, Aletha was beaten by Phasma. Felicity intervened and turned herself in, saving Aletha. Though Aletha had fled, word had spread that Felicity was knocked out by Phasma and taken onto the First Order ship. Aletha bashfully mentioned to Luke that Felicity promised compensation for her destroyed equipment, and quickly said he didn’t have to as Plutt had already replaced it. Luke just smiled and said they’d discuss it later. Rey was then left in the care of Unkar Plutt until one day Rey got lost and wound up on Quom’s doorstep (or rather, in front of his tent flap.) She had gotten sunburn, so Quom took her to Aletha and they became friends with Rey. Rey started spending time with them everyday until an incident where Rey cut her knee at Quom’s. After that, Rey started avoiding the two of them. Luke had raised his eyebrow at that. Rey had gone very stiff in his lap at the story, and neither Quom nor Aletha would look him in the eye. Clearly there was something more to the story, and Luke strongly suspected that it had to do with the mysterious beating. The only question was who was behind the beating? “And then today I was coming back in from scavenging,” Quom came near the end of the story, “and I ran into you of all people. It wasn’t until you told me your name and left that I realised who you might be. I couldn’t find you so I chalked it up to coincidence. It wasn’t until Aletha came to me and said she had been accosted by you that I was certain you were Rey’s dad.” “Don’t worry,” Aletha assured Luke. “You didn’t accost me.” Luke chuckled, “Considering my desperation, I wouldn’t be surprised if I did. My apologies, nonetheless.” Aletha smiled and shook her head, “You know, Rey’s a lucky little girl. Not only does she have a Mama Nexu, but she appears to have a Daddy Nexu as well. I very much would not like to get between either you or your wife and Rey.” Luke’s smile dropped slightly at the mention of Felicity, “We would do anything to keep her safe.” “Daddy?” Rey looked up at him. “Why didn’t Mommy come with you to get me? She knows Mister Quom and Doctor Aletha. She could have told you we were friends.” Luke bit his lip and avoided Rey’s eyes, “Rey-” “I know she doesn’t like this planet!” Rey objected as if that were the reason Luke was about to give. “But she said she’d come back to get me! Why didn’t she come back?” Quom and Aletha exchanged a look. Luke sighed, “Rey-” “And if she didn’t want to come, why didn’t you comm her and ask her if Mister Quom and Doctor Aletha were okay?” Rey demanded. “And why didn’t she tell you where my walker was so you could have come get me first thing this morning? I felt you, Daddy!” “Rey-” “And why didn’t Mommy-” “ Rey! ” Luke snapped. Rey fell silent at the look on Daddy’s face. There was anger, but even more so, sadness; a sadness that frightened Rey. The same kind of sadness that had been on Master Gavyn Kene’s face after Master Alyla died. The same kind of sadness that had been on Aunt Leia’s face when Ben ran away. The same kind of sadness that had been on Mommy’s face when she went away. Rey didn’t want Daddy to have that kind of sadness. “Daddy?” Rey whimpered, her fear shining on her face. Luke couldn’t stop the sob that escaped him as he placed his hand over his eyes, shielding his tears from Rey. How could he tell her that Mommy wasn’t coming home? “Rey,” Luke swallowed, taking a moment to compose himself. When he felt he could hold himself together, Luke took a deep breath and removed his hand. His heart broke as his eyes met Rey’s innocent hazel gaze. Gently stroking her cheek, Luke said to Rey with a hitch in his voice, “Sweetheart… There’s something I need to tell you… Mommy-” At that moment the tent flap flew open and Unkar Plutt barrelled into the tent with his minions. “There you two are!” Unkar Plutt declared jovially as his beady eyes set on Luke and Rey. The joy in Plutt’s voice was clearly false, and yet that’s what made it so dangerous. As Rey tucked herself into the safety of her father’s arms as much as possible, both Luke and Aletha groaned at the interruption. “Honestly, at this point I was expecting something like this to interrupt,” Quom shrugged. Unkar Plutt grinned at Luke, “Well, it looks like you found your little girl, Master-” “Erso,” Luke cut off before Plutt could reveal to Quom and Aletha that he was the famous Luke Skywalker. “Erso?” Plutt frowned. “Erso,” Rey nodded, a look of satisfaction on her face. She may not understand the game, but she did occasionally know when to play it, “It’s our last name. Luke, Fliss, and Rey Erso.” Plutt looked at Luke, “… Okay.” Luke couldn’t help but smile; it amused him that Rey would default Felicity’s name as her nickname Fliss. Luke never used it – secretly he thought the name Fliss was awful – but it was Han and Diego’s moniker of choice for Felicity, and Leia used it often. Clearly Rey had been influenced by those three in her usage of names and not her parents. Then again, both Luke and Felicity had almost exclusively referred to themselves and each other as Mommy and Daddy to Rey. It was a small concession to Luke who always tried to speak to Rey as a level-headed equal. Luke didn’t speak to Rey in the third person as Felicity did, nor did he judge her for doing so. It had been a coping technique Felicity practiced during her struggle with postpartum depression that stuck around years afterwards. It allowed Felicity to stop spending so much time placing blame and guilt on herself, and mentally removed herself from the equation so she could look at the situation objectively. Ultimately that was the difference of their parenting styles, and a strange inverse of their personalities. While professionally Felicity was great at negotiating one on one, and Luke was great at mechanics and equations, Luke held the one on one approach to parenting while Felicity viewed it as an equation of the greater good. There was no doubt in Luke’s mind that if he had been the one on Jakku, he never would have walked away from Rey. Luke looked down at his blissfully unaware daughter. Rey knew that horrible things had happened over the past few months, but she didn’t understand why. Yet there she sat patiently waiting for answers and knowing it wasn’t her turn yet to speak. Thank the Force, Padmé Amidala’s patience had been stronger than any of the Skywalker, Andromias, or Rhiaon genes. Especially the Skywalker genes. “Well, isn’t this a nice little picture?” Plutt gestured to Luke and Rey. “Father and daughter, all safe and reunited.” Luke didn’t know why, but he suddenly felt the need to wrap his arms firmly around Rey. “There aren’t words that can describe how glad I am to have her back,” Luke said politely. For some reason, Rey pressed back against his chest as if trying to bury herself in his grasp. Luke could sense her fear. Suspicious, Luke glanced over at Aletha and Quom. Both were rather stiff and uncertain where they should be looking, but certain their eyes should be downcast. Luke had a bad feeling about this. “I don’t mean to intrude on your happy reunion, but I’m afraid we still have some business to conduct,” said Plutt. “Namely the issue of compensation for my services to care for your daughter.” Aletha let out an involuntary snort. Luke frowned at her while Plutt shot her an icy stare. Aletha lowered her head, but there was a smirk across her lips. “Yes, well, forgive me,” Luke said, “I’m still trying to assess the situation and understand what all has gone on around here in my wife’ absence. Quom and Aletha were explaining everything to me.” Both Quom and Aletha’s eyes went wide and Plutt’s beady eyes set on them. “Have they now?” the threat was clear in Plutt’s voice. “Yes, they have,” Luke observed their reactions carefully. There was definitely something more to this Plutt situation than was being spoken. “Perhaps you might have something to add?” “Depends on what they’ve been saying,” Plutt growled. Quom looked away sheepishly. Then his eyes set on it; Luke’s arms wrapped around Rey. Quom quickly looked back at Plutt. Plutt was several feet away from Luke and Rey; close enough to be a threat, but far enough that they would have some reaction time to act. But the best part was that all of Plutt’s goons were backing him up, making their usual intimidating wall of muscle. They were even further away from Rey. “Doc,” Quom whispered. Aletha looked up and Quom nodded to the goons. Not understanding, Aletha frowned at Quom but he kept jerking his head towards the goons. Aletha gave him her best “what are you saying” look and shook her head. Quom looked her in the eyes and very obviously let them drift over to Luke’s arms wrapped around Rey. Then Aletha understood. “Because from this moment on, the girl will always be within arm’s reach of my men.” Aletha looked back at Quom and shared a gleeful look. Their eyes shared an unspoken conversation of “should we do it” and subsequent agreement. Plutt had made a grave error, and it was unlikely he would make one of this magnitude again. If they were ever going to do it, now was their chance. Oh, this was going to be fun… “Don’t worry, Plutt,” Quom laughed heartily, “we’ve behaved ourselves.” “Behaved?” Luke questioned. “Of course,” Aletha grinned. “We wouldn’t dare cross the great Unkar Plutt. Don’t bite the hand that literally feeds you after all. No fear, Mister Plutt, we’ve only told him about our interactions with Rey and her mother. The personal conversations exchanged between you and us are none of Mister Erso’s business. We would never tell him that you had us beaten and extorted for taking care of Rey in the ways you purposefully neglected.” “Excuse me?” Luke’s eyes shot to Plutt. There was a dangerous storm brewing behind his blue gaze. “And we would never tell him that upon Doc questioning Rey’s need to be happy and comfortable you said.” Quom paused, “What was it, Doc?” “I think he said, ‘I don’t give a damn,” Aletha replied. She had always had a mind to remember conversations word for word. “And then he said, ‘Her mother told me to keep her fed, clothed, hydrated, safe, and distracted. I didn’t agree to entertained or happy or wipe her tears at night. It is not my fault that the girl is heartbroken and lonely. It’s the fault of the mother who abandoned her.’” Plutt looked back at his goons in fear. That look usually was the signal for Roke to take his place by Plutt’s side, but with Luke Skywalker’s anger directing itself on Plutt, Roke didn’t feel the urge to put himself between his boss and the Jedi Grandmaster. Aletha continued, “And of course we wouldn’t tell him that if we continued to take care of his daughter that you would stop taking care of her yourself, and then we would have a bigger problem.” “Would we?” Luke said through gritted teeth. He could sense the honesty coming from Quom and Aletha, and even if he couldn’t, the fear coming from Plutt was more than enough to convince Luke that they were telling the truth. “And what problem would that be?” Aletha pretended to be scandalized, “Why I could never tell you that the problem would be that if he stopped taking care of her, then he couldn’t get a reward from you. And even worse that if she wasn’t going to be worth anything to him, she wouldn’t be worth anything to us.” “Yeah,” Quom chuckled, “and we wouldn’t dare dream of telling you that if she became worthless to him that he would have his men-” Quom stopped as he noticed Rey’s fearful eyes on him. “Snap her neck,” Quom had to say it, but he felt no delight as Rey buried her face against her father’s chest. “Snap her neck?” Luke calmly repeated. Unkar Plutt was honestly surprised he didn’t just explode on spot. Silence filled the tent as all eyes fell on Luke. He said nothing, but his eyes were cold and dangerous. An energy filled the tent; it was hot and suffocating, a weight pressing down on them, crushing them, burning them. “Daddy?” Rey whimpered. She knew it was the Dark Side of the Force and she was scared. At the sound of her innocent voice, Luke looked down. He blinked. It was like he had forgotten she was there. He smiled down at her and then closed his eyes and took a deep breath. The Darkness washed away with the exhale of his breath, and Rey felt the Light fill her father once more. “It’s okay, Rey,” Luke whispered, hugging her tightly. “You’re safe. I’m here.” “I love you, Daddy,” Rey whispered back, as if her words were some dangerous secret. “I love you too, Rey,” Luke stroked her cheek, intimately pressing his forehead against hers. It was the same act he had done the last time he held her mother in his arms. Aletha sighed in part happiness and part longing. It had been a long time since she had seen someone demonstrate that depth of love. Though over the years she had seen many parents rejoice at the healing of their child, there was something that much more special about a father declaring their love for their child when their child was completely safe in their arms. And that was exactly what Quom had been playing off of. “As we said, Plutt, we would never tell him that you threatened to kill his daughter.” Quom paused, “That is… unless she was safe and sound, literally in his arms while your goons are much too far from her to do any harm to Rey.” “Yes,” Aletha grinned, “I can see us making an exception for that.” Calmed by Rey’s presence, Luke was able to restrain himself from acting on the more Skywalker half of himself, and gathered the patience his mother had passed to him. “Mister Plutt,” Luke said calmly, “may I have a word with you? Privately?” Unkar Plutt swallowed and dumbly nodded. A dozen goons backing him up or not, Luke Skywalker was a man even Plutt knew not to cross, and now that Skywalker knew he had been crossed… maybe there was still some way to salvage this. “I’ve got a building not far from here where I meet my traders from off-world,” Plutt said. “It’s empty now. We can discuss business there.” “Very well,” Luke nodded. “Rey, Sweetheart, Daddy has to go talk to Mister Plutt for a few minutes. Can you stay here with Quom and Aletha?” Rey’s eyes went wide. “No, Daddy! No! Please don’t leave me!” Rey screamed, locking her arms around her father’s neck. Tears coursed fast and thick down Luke’s neck as Rey begged him not to leave her behind. It was too soon to be alone again; Daddy had only just come back. How could she be certain he would return if he went away again? “Daddy, no! Don’t go!” “Hey, hey, hey,” Luke tried to soothe Rey, rubbing her back as she sobbed on his shoulder. His heart broke to see that Rey feared abandonment, but he certainly wasn’t going to deal with Plutt in front of her. “It’s okay. I’m not leaving you behind again. Okay? I promise I’ll never leave you behind again, but I need to talk with Mister Plutt and that’s a private conversation for grown ups.” “I don’t care!” Rey sobbed. “I’m scared you won’t come back! Like Mommy didn’t come back!” Pain coursed through the room as Luke struggled to calm Rey. Both Quom and Aletha wanted to grab her and promise that they’d make sure her daddy came back, but if Luke couldn’t convince Rey he would return, what chance did Quom and Aletha have? Tears shined in the eyes of many of the assembled as they watched the heart wrenching scene, and there was a loud sob that sounded suspiciously like it came from Roke’s direction. Luke held Rey close as her words devolved into meaningless sobs. Her screams teared at Luke’s heart. How could he possibly assure her that he wasn’t going to abandon her? And then he thought of it. “Rey,” Luke whispered. He didn’t move or make any indication to their audience that he had spoken. Rey’s head buried in the crook of his neck poised her ears perfectly next to his mouth. His lips barely moved and the volume of his speech was nothing more than glorified breaths. “Rey, don’t cry. It’s going to be okay. I’ll prove to you that I’m not going to run away. Do you want to know how to do that?” Rey still cried but she gave a small, indiscernible nod. She recognized the privacy of their conversation. “Well, I can’t run away from you if you track where I am. Can I?” Rey shook her head. “Rey, if I show you how to track me, can I go with Plutt while you stay with your friends?” Rey sniffed and nodded. Luke smiled, “Reach into the Force, Rey. Can you feel my presence?” Rey took a deep breath and closed her eyes. She reached into the Force like Daddy had taught her. She felt the energy surrounding her, warming her, embracing her, moving in and out of her with every breath. The Force was concentrated largely in the spot in space she occupied; it wasn’t like the spots where Quom, Aletha, Plutt and the others stood where the Force was moving in and out with each breath, but with a lower quantity. “Find me, Rey,” Daddy’s voice whispered. Rey concentrated and remembered how Daddy had explained finding an individual in the Force. He had explained it to her like colours; every presence, whether Force Sensitive or not, had its own unique colour. Presences were affected by genetics, being a mixture of their parents’ colours, yet were individual in their own right. Daddy liked to explain that was how he had first sensed her in the Force when Mommy was pregnant with her. He had sensed a new colour in the Force, a sort of purple presence. Whenever Rey had reached into the Force she saw what Daddy meant. The energy occupying her spot had a lilac hue. Mommy’s hue was crimson, and Daddy’s was a sort of sky blue, like the colour of his eyes. Together that crimson and sky blue had mixed together to form lilac, half blue, half red, and yet a colour in its own right. Of course bloodlines and their hues weren’t strictly mother and father related and not always as exact as the genesis of Rey’s hue had been. Aunt Leia’s hue was navy, a blue like her twin, strong yet calming. Rey had always liked determining the hues of the people she loved. Uncle Han was a yellow-gold like the medal he had been given after saving Daddy in the Battle of Yavin. Ben was a green, dark like the ominous and scary forest on Rornian. Uncle Chewie was a golden brown like the shade of his fur. Uncle Diego was copper like the X-Wing he flew in the Republic Military. Poe was bright orange like BB-8. Uncle Lando was black like his hair and the market that he liked to trade things on (Rey always wondered why the colour of a market was so important. What did it matter if Uncle Lando used a black market or a white market? And why did markets have colours anyway?) The Naberries had shades similar to mulberry, like the flowers they brought to Grandma Padmé’s tomb every week. Maz was saffron like the spices in the yummy dishes she made in her watering hole (Uncle Han had brought Rey there once in a really dire emergency and Daddy hadn’t been happy.) Reine was charcoal like the dark metal of her lightsaber hilt. Obik was parchment yellow like the old books he read and organized as the Jedi Historian. Alyla was magenta like one of the pretty dresses she preferred to wear over the earth toned robes of most Jedi. Gavyn’s hue complemented hers as a deep violet, the colour of his daughter’s eyes, and a hue he had never been ashamed of. Zena was emerald like the lightsaber she was fiercely wielded (Rey had always thought Zena was Daddy’s best fighter.) Miri was aquamarine, the only colour present in both her mother and father’s hues and reminded Rey of the lake where Miri liked to go swimming all the time. Tyla was silver like ice to match the cold personality she always gave off. Mister Quom was a rusty grey like the machine parts he scavenged and worked with. Doctor Aletha was a crisp clean white like the walls of a hospital. Mister Plutt was dirt brown, like the- “Rey, focus,” Luke ordered, sensing her trailing thoughts. Right, Daddy. Rey focused her attentions back to the Force and on finding his comforting sky blue hue. It didn’t take long for her to find it. It was entwined with her lilac hue, embracing it, guarding it, and protecting it. “Found you,” Rey whispered, holding onto Daddy extra tight. The hue of his presence was calming like refreshing water pouring over her as she stood under a waterfall. “Good,” Luke smiled, himself taking in her lilac hue. In his arms she felt like the flower of her hue; bright, lively, craving the light, always thriving best when surrounded by others, but tiny that could easy crushed with one careless movement. “Now, I want you to focus on me. I’m going to go to Plutt’s place and you’ll follow me in the Force. After that, I’m going to come right back. If you feel me divert my path in anyway, you have my full permission to come chasing after me. But you can only do that if you stay here with Quom and Aletha. Agreed?” “Agreed.” Rey wiped her eyes and smiled, “Daddy, does this mean you trust Mister Quom and Doctor Aletha?” Luke glanced at his daughter’s protectors, “Absolutely.” Aletha caught Luke’s eye and smiled. Luke gave Rey one last firm squeeze of a hug and kissed her on the forehead, “Be good for your friends.” “I will, Daddy,” Rey promised. He gestured to Quom and Aletha, and Quom approached with arms outstretched in understanding. With what could only be described as elegance, Luke gracefully stood, lifting Rey as his lap disappeared from underneath her. In the same motion, he placed Rey into Quom’s arms and turned back to Unkar Plutt. “Shall we, Mister Plutt?” Luke asked. Unkar Plutt frowned and looked at the suspiciously red-eyed Roke. “If you’re going to make a break for it, now’s the time, Plutt,” Quom grinned. “Of course, then I’d have to tell the other scavengers you ran away with your tail between your legs.” Plutt moved his hand to signal to his goons. “Not so fast, Plutt.” Quom held up Rey like a shield, “I have Erso’s daughter. You can’t touch me.” Plutt glared at Quom and declared, “Let’s move out, Boys!” Rey waved at her father as he followed Plutt and his men filing out of the tent. She couldn’t stop the fear in her heart that Daddy would never return, but she also felt a new sense of hope. “Come on, MG,” Quom plopped Rey on the ground when Plutt’s party had gone. “I’ve got a speeder to fix, and you have some identifying indicators of things buried under the sand to brush up on.” “Yay!” Rey raced towards the toolbox. Aletha just shook her head, “First, come here, Rey. I want to take a look at you and make sure you’ve been keeping yourself in good order while on your own.” As Aletha led Rey to the corner to examine her, Quom sighed in contentment. He was happy to see Felicity Erso’s husband had finally come for his daughter. No doubt Luke Erso would take her away from them very shortly, and Quom would miss her, but at least he had gotten Aletha as a friend out of the deal. After all, they took kicks to the face together, and that kind of stuff bonds you for life. There was a tap on Quom’s shoulder. “Yes?” Quom turned around to find himself face to face with Roke. “You set the girl down,” Roke smiled. Roke slammed his fist into Quom’s stomach, and Quom fell to the ground. “Nice doing business with you, Mister Tinadar,” Roke bowed his head and exited the tent. Quom groaned and pushed himself up on his elbows. “Worth it,” Quom grinned. Quom collapsed back onto the ground. Luke was silent as Unkar Plutt and his goons led them to a small building next to the nearly empty shipyard. It was a high-tech building for Jakku… by which high-tech meant it secured with locks and had air conditioning. Luke waved off the offers of food, water, and to take his cloak. He just followed Plutt into a small room with a door, table and chairs set on either side. Luke wanted to be in and out of the building as fast as possible. This wasn’t a business meeting, but rather the chance to tie up the last loose ends of his agreement with Unkar Plutt. Roke nodded to the other goons, and they did not follow Luke and Plutt into the room. The goons lined the wall of the hallway opposite of the door, and Roke stationed himself in front of the door, shutting it, leaving Luke and Plutt alone. “Are you sure I can’t get you anything?” Plutt asked, trying to sound put together but his nerves getting the best of him. “No, thank you,” Luke glided over to the table and pulled out a chair. “Let us have a seat.” Plutt nodded and muttered a few things Luke couldn’t make out. Luke wasn’t sure if they were failed attempts at trying to come up with an apology or way to explain the issue away, or if Unkar Plutt actually had the nerve to utter a few insults to Luke Skywalker himself. The bulbous mass that the residents of Niima Outpost called the Blobfish behind his back, took the seat across from Luke. Luke neatly folded his hands and placed them in front of himself on the table. He said nothing but watched as Plutt shifted uncomfortably under his gaze. The minutes stretched on as Luke enjoyed Plutt’s discomfort and fear, while Luke also took the time to figure out his objective in the meeting. Finally, Luke spoke. “I only want to ask this once,” Luke began, his voice calm and level. “Mister Plutt, do you think I’m an idiot?” “What? No!” Plutt spluttered. “Please Master Skywalker, let me just explain-” Luke held up his hand and Plutt fell silent. “Good,” Luke lowered his hand. “You know… I grew up in conditions not unlike the ones in this town. Given, they were certainly better in some regards, but there is a general sense of Tatooine on this planet. One of the biggest similarities is the gang control in both environments. I grew up living under the thumb of Jabba the Hutt, and believe me, it was not easy. He controlled many things, but the thing I remember most is him controlling the water during a particularly bad drought. To deny water to a person is one of the worst things you can do.” “With all do respect, Master Skywalker,” Plutt interrupted, understanding the veiled meaning behind Luke’s words, “I provide a valuable service by doling out food to the residents of Niima Outpost. We can’t grow anything here, and by bringing in and distributing food from off-world, I’m doing the citizens a favor.” “I do not object to your food distribution business, Mister Plutt. It is your other activities that concern me. Now, I’m not a fool. I know that I cannot possibly waste my time on taking down gangs and their activities. There are too many in the Galaxy and more always spring up in their place. I have not come to shut you down. My job is not to seek out and take down criminal activities; it is to keep the peace.” “Of course.” “But I will make an exception when my family is threatened.” Unkar Plutt said nothing. Luke took a long pause, “Mister Plutt, have you ever heard what happened to Jabba the Hutt?” “Pieces here and there,” Plutt shrugged, avoiding Luke’s eyes. “When I became a Jedi, I never intended to return to Tatooine and bring an end to Jabba’s reign of terror. There were far more important things for me to concern myself with. That is, until it got personal.” Plutt said nothing once more. “My best friend, Han Solo, who would later become my brother-in-law, was captured by Jabba the Hutt and held as hostage-” “I heard he was a wall decoration,” Plutt snorted. Luke raised an eyebrow and Plutt fell silent. “The method in which he held Han hostage is irrelevant,” Luke continued, his voice level as ever. “I approached Jabba multiple times and tried to come to a fair agreement. He refused. Finally I came in person and offered a peaceful agreement that there would be no violence. If he did not agree, I would be forced to take action. I told him the choice was his but not to underestimate my powers… He refused.” Unkar Plutt looked down at the table. Without his goons surrounding him and his concession stand to hide in, he felt very powerless next to the Jedi Grandmaster. “Do you know what happened next?” Luke asked. “You killed them all,” Plutt answered. “They say you used your lightsaber to cut Jabba the Hutt’s throat himself.” “Well, actually my sister strangled him, but yes, me and my friends systematically murdered Jabba and his gang. Now people on Tatooine are safe, but many families mourn and crave revenge for their dead loved ones. It didn’t have to be that way for Jabba… and it doesn’t have to be that way for you.” Unkar Plutt looked up in shock. Luke looked Plutt directly in the eyes, “My first choice is always to forgive. I forgave Darth Vader; I certainly can forgive you. I don’t know what possessed you to think to threaten my daughter… my helpless, innocent, never did anything to harm you, five-year-old daughter … but I’m not certain you truly meant it. Maybe it was a reputation thing. I certainly have fallen victim to delusions of grandeur. Maybe you felt your income was threatened and that Quom and Aletha were too afraid of you to force you to act on your threat. Or maybe you really did mean to kill my daughter if you couldn’t get a paycheck. The fact of the matter is that my daughter ended up safe and in my custody. Ergo, I will forgive you and forget this matter.” Unkar Plutt couldn’t believe what he was hearing, “Thank you, Master Skywalker! Thank you!” “But if I ever hear you threaten her again-” “It will never happen. I swear it.” “Good,” Luke stood. “There we’re done here.” Plutt frowned, “Uh… Sorry, but don’t we still have an issue of money to discuss?” “I don’t see that we do.” Plutt scowled, “You promised that I would get a reward.” “Yes,” Luke nodded. “If you followed the terms of agreement. Since you violated them, I see no reason to give you anything further.” “Now listen here!” Plutt shot to his feet. “We had a deal!” “And what deal was that?” “I would follow everything your wife said, and she told me to keep Rey fed, hydrated, clothed, safe, and distracted.” Luke glared at Plutt, “Alright, I’ll play your game. Yes, those were the terms of our agreement, but you did not fulfill those terms.” “Now you listen here,” Plutt growled. “I will give you that you kept Rey fed and hydrated,” Luke continued. “While Rey does noticeably has less mass than when I last saw her, I will chalk that up to the little nutritional value of rations. Now, that’s not me accusing you of not feeding her properly; I know well enough that rations are perfectly fine to survive on. I can’t tell you how many times I ate them during the war. As for the issue of water, I have been informed of its strange abundance on this desert planet, and not once has Rey complained of thirst. But do you really wish to argue me on the points that she was clothed, distracted, and safe under your care?” “Yes, I will argue,” Plutt replied. “True, I may have not done the possible job that maybe I could have, but that girl has been distracted, safe, and certainly well-clothed while in my care.” “Really?” Luke raised an eyebrow. “Mister Plutt, is it true that Doctor Kymeri treated my daughter for sunburn?” “Well… yes,” Plutt frowned, uncertain where Luke was going with this. “Third degree sunburns. Burns that the doctor has described to me as some of the worst she’s ever seen?” “She’s the doctor, isn’t she?” “Mister Plutt, why did Rey get this terrible sunburn?” Plutt thought hard, still trying to figure out Skywalker’s game, “Because her skin was exposed to the sun.” “Correct,” Luke gave a pleasant smile that did not reach his eyes. “She was burned because she did not have proper arm or facial coverings. Ergo, you did not keep her clothed.” “A mistake, but one that was corrected.” “But not by you,” Luke shot. “Don’t lie to me, Plutt. I recognize her tunic, boots, and leggings. I recognize them because they are from an emergency supplies bag stored in my X-Wing, a bag I know that my wife took to this planet. My wife dressed Rey in her clothing, and I know that Quom Tinadar provided her with the extras, as well as had a backup set of clothing from her. Is any of this information incorrect?” Plutt glared at Luke, “No. But I did keep her distracted.” Luke narrowed his eyes, “Mister Plutt, are you aware that both Rey and I have the ability to use the Force?” “Of course.” “And are you aware that I get visions through the Force of things that are happening or will happen?” “Yes.” “And are you aware that Rey is able to communicate to me through the Force via these visions?” Plutt went white, “No, I wasn’t aware of that.” “I thought not,” Luke said. “So do not sit there and tell me that you kept Rey distracted, because I know for a fact that every night Rey has gone to sleep in tears, wallowing in her situation, and begging for me to come find her. Or do you call that distracted?” Plutt shook his head. “I thought not. Now, the issue of safety-” “Don’t you dare, Skywalker!” Plutt snapped. “I kept that girl safe from the First Order, and went through hell to do so. Sure, maybe I neglected a few bullet points, but that this was all about, wasn’t it? Hiding her from the First Order. Well, I did that! Don’t you dare try to weasel out of our agreement! You owe me big time for watching your brat, and if you walk away without giving me a single credit then I promise you that my boys are going to hold you here while they make a little visit to your precious-” Luke slammed Plutt against the wall. “Do not underestimate my powers!” Luke growled. “ Especially when the situation concerns my daughter! Keeping her safe does not count when it's keeping her safe from your wrath!” “Boss, what’s going on?” Roke called. The door swung open and Plutt’s goons barreled into the room. Roke stopped short when he saw Luke pinning Plutt against the wall, murder flashing in his eyes. “Sir!” Roke exclaimed. “Anyone who intervenes will not leave this room alive,” Luke warned. Roke looked to Plutt, and Plutt gave Roke a frantic nod. Roke swallowed and signalled for the others to back down. “Good,” Luke turned back to Plutt, who he was still holding in place against the wall. “I said I only wanted to ask this once, but it appears it needs to be reiterated. Mister Plutt, do you think I’m an idiot?” “No,” Plutt whispered. “I may be a good man who fights to justice and Light, but I am also a very dangerous man who has no qualms about ending your life if you or any of your goons touch my daughter. Rey is the only good thing I have left, and I will defend her with all of my skills and abilities. I’m not afraid of you, and I’m also not going to fall fool for your little act.” “I just wanted what I was promised.” “Shut up!” Luke barked. “Don’t you try to fool me! I know you’ve already been paid a great deal!” “You… you do?” “Do you seriously think I don’t watch my bank accounts? I know that several months ago, one of my accounts was emptied of a certain large sum. The exact sum that was on a credit chip connected to the account that was kept in the same emergency supplies bag that Rey’s current clothing was in. Felicity paid you enough to cover Rey’s expenses for five years and then some.” “Okay, fine!” Plutt admitted, “She paid me. I just thought I might get an additional reward.” “You thought wrong,” Luke smiled and released Plutt. He took a step back, “Now I’m a nice man, and you did fulfill some of your promises. My wife and I have been through a difficult time, and you helped ease part of the burden when you didn’t have to. Therefore, I will allow you to keep all the money you already were given. But there’s a few rules and here’s how things are going to go. The money was enough to cover the expenses of Aletha Kymeri’s equipment, which I’ve been told you helped replace. We will consider that debt settled. It was also enough to feed and care for Rey for her duration on this planet. We will also consider that debt settled. Now, it’s getting late and seeing as I didn’t know Rey was going to be alive, I don’t exactly have a plan for my next move at the moment, but I feel like I’ll probably spend a few days on Jakku making arrangements. Therefore, you are going to make an account book with me. Every day that Rey and I are on this planet, you will feed us three portions each. You will then deduct the cost from the remaining amount of money you received from the credit chip after we subtract the previous debts. We will use this account book to subtract any other deals I may make with you. Lastly, we will make a large subtraction today. I require a method of transportation on this planet, so you are going to use part of that money as my payment of buying a high-quality speeder with a full tank of gas. Are we understood?” Unkar Plutt nodded, “And what happens to the money when you leave?” “You get to keep whatever remains.” “And what if you run out of money before you leave?” Luke shrugged, “I suppose I would have to make another payment. But before you decide to fudge the numbers, there’s another rule for our deal. Every time we make a transaction, I will view our book and sign off on the deduction. Do we have a deal?” Unkar Plutt hesitated, “Am I in a position to refuse?” “Absolutely not,” Luke grinned. He held out his hand, “Deal?” Plutt grabbed Luke’s hand and roughly shook it, “Done! Boys, someone get Master Skywalker a speeder. Or would you prefer Mister Erso?” “I’ll be keeping my true identity secret, thank you very much. Now, that speeder?” “This way, Mister Erso.” Luke grinned and followed Unkar Plutt out of the room. He certainly didn’t trust Unkar Plutt, but he didn’t have a reason to worry about him. Plutt was afraid of the power Luke wielded, and swayed by the amount of money he possessed. And worse came to worse, Plutt was susceptible to the Mind Trick. The important thing was that Luke had secured a way to keep himself and rey properly fed for five years. But that was absurd in itself. Luke wasn’t going to spend the next five years with Rey on Jakku. … Was he? Notes: Ok, I know this chapter was kind of a tease about Luke telling Rey about Felicity, but I did intend on him telling her right before Plutt showed up. The problem was that once I hit this massively emotional level of a five-year-old who got abandoned by her mother being told that her mother was murdered, I couldn’t scale back the emotional level to have Luke deal with Plutt. It just wasn’t a good tonal fit to hit the peak of emotion and then lower down to anything else. So the next chapter will be a chapter mostly dealing with Rey’s reaction to Luke’s news and his subsequent decision to stay on Jakku. And for those of who who want to know, there’s going to be a collection of chapters spanning the fourteen years of Luke and Rey on Jakku, with the occasional pit stop to check up on Han, Poe, Leia, and Diego in which I set up their storylines for TFA, and then we will finally be into TFA. So basically, next chapter ends act one of this story, and I promise that every chapter of the fourteen years on Jakku does set up at least one element for the later story. Remember, even though the summary does say “basically Luke in TFA” this is really about the story of Luke being in Rey’s life. It is really important to me to show how her life changes on Jakku with Luke there before he changes her life off Jakku. And if you’re still upset with me for wanting to take detours, blame Before the Awakening and Rey’s Survival Guide for having too much fodder for me to work with. I kept reading them through and going “hey, how would Luke react to that” “oh that’s perfect for Luke and Rey to spend time together” or “well, that would certainly never happen if Luke was around.” This fic has ruined my ability to enjoy Star Wars stuff independently of it. Chapter 17 : The Man Becomes the Myth Summary: Luke makes a decision that changes the course of history. Notes: Sorry that it’s taken so long to update but working retail during the holiday season and writing fan fiction don’t mix very well. Then I got knocked on my butt (again) with a nasty cold. I also took a little time to start writing a side fic about Felicity’s backstory and the theft of the Death Star plans called Operation Citadel. Please check it out if you haven’t already, especially since there are going to be parts of this story that reference the backstory that story establishes. And of course, this chapter is dedicated to our beautiful Princess who left us too soon. Rest in Peace Carrie Fisher. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The Long Way Home Chapter Seventeen The Man Becomes the Myth With his speeder issue resolved, Luke Skywalker exited Plutt’s building. He was going to head back to Quom Tinadar’s tent when he was surprised to find Doctor Aletha Kymeri waiting for him. “Hi,” Luke smiled at her, unable to stop his confusion from seeping through. “Hey,” Aletha grinned, walking up to him. “I thought you might need help finding your way back to Quom’s and came to walk you back.” “How kind,” Luke nodded. “But I’m not going to walk.” “Why not?” “I managed to get myself a speeder from Plutt.” Aletha’s jaw dropped, “You got a- …Oh my god! What did you do to get that kind of deal from Plutt? Witchcraft?” Luke chuckled, “Something like that. Is Rey okay?” “She’s fine. Quom managed to distract her with repairing his speeder. I told him no explosions next to the four-year-old.” “Five,” Luke corrected. “Rey’s five.” Aletha nodded, “My mistake. So… if you don’t mind me asking, what’s next for you and Rey? Heading out today, or…?” Luke laughed at himself, “Honestly? I have no idea.” “Come on. You must have some idea.” “Not a clue.” “Well, what was going through your mind when you came here to pick Rey up? ‘ Whatever, I’ll think about it later .’” Luke’s smile fell and he looked to the ground guilty. “Aletha? Can I tell you a secret?” Luke asked. “Of course,” Aletha nodded. “Aletha… when I came here… I wasn’t expecting… I didn’t plan for… I thought…” Luke gave a loud sigh, “Aletha, I thought Rey was dead.” Aletha’s eyes went wide, “ Dead! Why?” Luke rubbed his face, “It’s… a complicated story that might get you in a lot of trouble if anyone discovered you knew it, but the First Order had an interest in my family and captured my wife. She lied and told them that Rey was dead, and the First Order showed me enough evidence to make me believe it.” “They didn’t capture your wife,” Aletha interrupted. “What?” Luke frowned. “The First Order didn’t capture Felicity. She turned herself in. Remember your wife’s apprehension for what it was: the bravest, most selfless act I have ever seen a mother do for their child.” Luke grinned. After the hell Felicity had gone through with her postpartum depression and the lingering fears it had left behind in her, Luke knew that Aletha’s declaration would have meant the world to Felicity. “She truly was the most… amazing woman I have ever had the pleasure of meeting,” Luke felt the lump forming in his throat. “It was the greatest honour in my life to be selected to be her husband and the father of her child.” Luke looked back to the ground and fought the tears threatening to fall. Aletha gave Luke a sad smile. She touched Luke’s arm and a sob escaped from his throat. “She’s dead, isn’t she?” Aletha asked softly. Luke looked at her with wet, red eyes and nodded, “It’s my fault. She’s gone, and it’s all my fault!” “Come here,” Aletha pulled Luke into a hug. Luke clutched onto Aletha and sobbed harder than he had dared to in months. He rested his head on the junction of her neck and shoulder and wailed in a heart wrenching display. It was the first time he had truly focused on the loss of Felicity without alcohol or Rey being a factor. He had lost his soulmate, and he needed to experience the physical catharsis of letting it all out. But Aletha didn’t care as she held Luke in her arms. It wasn’t like the other hugs Luke had gotten during his breakdowns about Felicity. It wasn’t Leia or Han holding him; struggling and failing to hold back their own tears. Aletha just held him, eyes dry, stroking his hair and alternated between telling him it was okay and making a soothing shushing noise. “It’s alright. I understand,” Aletha used her best bedside manner tone. “I lost my husband several years ago.” “She wasn’t supposed to die,” Luke sobbed. “She was supposed to come back and we’d be together again.” “I know. It was the same thing with Antar. He was supposed to go out, make his final stand against the Empire, and then we would live happily ever after. He wasn’t supposed to be shot down on these pathetic heap of a planet,” Aletha glared at the very ground of Jakku. “How am I supposed to tell Rey that her mother is dead?” Luke asked, slowly pulling himself away. “I wasn’t expecting to find Rey, and now not only do I have to figure out what to do next, but I have to tell her the worst news of her life.” “Well, I’m not great with kids or mourning, so I can’t really help you with that, but I will say this. Just remember that no matter how terrible this news you have to share is, this could have gone a lot worse. You could have lost both of them, or worse, what if you spent the next fifteen or twenty years thinking you had lost Rey and she grew up alone on Jakku ?” Luke shuddered at the thought. He could imagine it, being a bearded hermit on Ahch-to until one day the Millennium Falcon arrived on and he found himself face to face with his grown daughter he didn’t raise, her frame thin from starvation and loneliness. That sounded horrible. “Besides,” Aletha went on, “if that little girl has a tenth of the strength her mother had, she’ll be fine.” Luke smiled, “Yes, she will be. I just have to be open and honest with her. Nothing from ‘a certain point of view.’ Just the full truth… But I still have no clue what to do next.” “Why don’t you stay here on Jakku for a little while and figure things out?” Aletha suggested. Luke was surprised, “Stay here ?” “Quom and I will help you with Rey any way you want, and apparently, the place Rey is staying is pretty safe and stable for Jakku. You could do worse.” Luke hesitated at the thought of living for any amount of time on Jakku, “I suppose a few days couldn’t hurt, and it would give her a sense of normalcy which she probably hasn’t had in a while.” Aletha just grinned at him. “Oh alright,” Luke conceded. “We’ll stay for a little while.” “Perfect,” Aletha looped her arm around Luke’s. “Come on. Let’s go tell that little girl her mother’s never coming home.” Luke didn’t know why he smiled, “You’re not really great with this whole kid thing, are you?” “You don’t even know the half of it.” “Lead the way,” Luke gestured in the direction of his new speeder, and together they set off. Thankfully for Luke, Quom had managed to distract Rey enough that her first question to him wasn’t the whereabouts of her mother. In fact, she was rather set on the idea of showing Daddy the walker where she had been living. After Luke revealed his new speeder, the group agreed on driving arrangements, and set out for the walker. By that point, Quom’s speeder was functional again, and they tethered Luke’s new speeder to Quom’s (because Quom was driving), towing it behind them as they rode in Quom’s speeder. Quom led the way to the walker, instructing Luke on the landmarks he would need to memorize to drive to and from Niima everyday. Luke’s new speeder would stay with him, while Aletha and Quom would take Quom’s speeder back into town when it came to bow out, which they did very quickly after arriving. Luke was naturally hesitant about the fact that his daughter had been living in a walker, but he supposed it could be worse. However, he wasn’t expecting the wave of guilt and nostalgia that swept over him as he entered the living space of the walker and faced the evidence of his wife’s history there. So many little things were scattered across the room, and so many of them were tied to powerful memories. The hammock strung up, Luke remembered sharing (not well as it was made for one person) during a mission gone wrong with Felicity, as they stared up at the stars of Thahd waiting for the next day’s rescue. The water canisters he remembered filling up as he packed his emergency bag before leaving for Hosnian Prime. He and Felicity had spoken about the move to Ahch-to as he filled the canisters, unaware that they would be the difference between life and death for Rey and Felicity very soon. The patchwork blanket containing his flight suit: the suit that Felicity would never admit drove her wild. He remembered the way she would always act coy, yet in control as she flirted with him, pressing herself suggestively against his body, yet lightly enough to tease him. And the way she would grasp the zipper of the suit and slowly drag it down as she gave him that smirk that raised the right corner of her mouth that he always made him want to press his lips to hers. But the flight suit was also attached to bitter memories; the memory of the last time he had worn it. He had stripped it off quickly and chucked it into his emergency bag on the night Rornian burned. Though Luke didn’t know it, Felicity had wondered why he had taken off his flight suit that night. Why had he paused in that scene of panic, almost not making it in time to save Felicity, just to take off his suit? That was because Felicity didn’t know that the blood on the suit didn’t belong to Luke. It was Reine’s blood that had stained the orange suit as she died in his arms. How could he ever again wear the reminder that Ben had murdered Reine? “And that’s where I eat. And that’s where I sleep. Daddy are you listening?” Luke hadn’t even realised Rey was talking to him, “Sorry, Sweetheart, I was just thinking about a few things. What did you want to tell me?” Rey crossed her arms and shot him an annoyed glare in a way that reminded Luke far too much of Leia. “I was showing you around.” Rey sighed dramatically and set her pilot doll on the hammock, “This is where I sleep with the doll Mommy made me.” “I was wondering about that,” Luke grinned, realising he had yet to ask her about the doll. “Is that my flight suit?” “Uh huh,” Rey nodded. “Mommy made it to make me feel better. She said it can be you, or Uncle Wedge, or Uncle Diego, or Poe, but I made it just be you. When Mommy was here we were all a set. A mommy, a daddy, and a me. But now it’s all wrong. There’s no mommy, two daddies, and a me.” “Well, some families only have two daddies,” Luke pointed out. “Like Uncle Wedge and Uncle Ceren?” “Exactly. And it’s nice to know I can so easily be replaced by a doll,” Luke teased. “But I think I know how to fix our problem.” “How?” Rey frowned. Luke dug in his satchel and pulled out Rey’s Felicity doll, “Does this look familiar?” “Mommy!” Rey exclaimed, snatching the doll and hugging it tightly. “Mommy said this went away in the fire.” “Hey, even in doll form you know it takes a lot to bring Mommy down,” Luke grinned, and then realised he should probably change the topic before it segued into the bad news. That was when he noticed the marks on the wall, “Rey, what’s that?” “It’s the count,” Rey set her Mommy doll next to the pilot doll. She followed Daddy as he approached the wall, “It’s how many days we waited for you.” That almost brought Luke to his knees; the wall was covered in tallies. “Rey,” Luke whispered, running his hand over the marks scratched into the metal, “how many marks are here?” Rey shrugged, “I lost count.” But Luke didn’t; he stood and counted all 192 scratches on the wall. He was horrified to realise that he had miscalculated and that Rey had been on Jakku not four months as he previously thought, but five. Dear God, how many of those days had she been alone? “I’m sorry, Daddy,” Rey said when she saw the horror on his face, “I know Mommy said not to use the sharp object myself, but I didn’t want to lose any points. And I didn’t hurt myself!” “Points?” Luke still didn’t look at Rey. “What points?” Rey very quickly explained the promise Felicity had made about the tally. “Can I still have my treats for the days Mommy wasn’t here?” Rey innocently asked at the end of her explanation. “Sweetheart, you can have as many treats you want.” Luke frowned and touched a tally that had a small v above it. “Rey, why is this mark different?” “That’s the day Mommy went away. It made me sad. I didn’t want Mommy to leave.” Luke looked down at his daughter, “Rey, I promise you, Mommy didn’t want to leave you either.” “Then why did she?” Rey had tears glistening in her eyes. Luke sighed, “Come here, Rey.” Luke picked up his daughter and sat the both of them on the hammock. This would be the hardest conversation he’d ever have in his life, but he knew what he had to do. Transparency was key. No stupid, traumatizing from a certain point of views. He would tell Rey the bitter truth, no matter how much it hurt. “Rey, did Mommy tell you why she brought you here?” Luke asked. Rey nodded, “She said that bad people wanted to make us do bad things.” “That’s right. Well, you see Mommy thought you would be safe here until I came for you, but I made a mistake.” “You wouldn’t answer your comm. You were too busy looking for us to find us.” Luke couldn’t help but smile, “You really are a blunt one, aren’t you?” Rey grinned, “I get it from Mommy.” “You certainly do,” Luke ruffled her hair. “Rey… Mommy left to protect you.” “Protect me from what?” “The bad people found you before I could. They came to Jakku to take you away, but Mommy wouldn’t let that happen.” “So she came to find you?” Rey guessed. Luke shook his head, “No… she gave herself up to the bad people so they would go away and leave you alone.” Rey frowned, “Why would going with them make them leave me alone?” “Because Mommy lied to them and told them you had died.” Rey’s frowned deepened, “But lying’s bad.” “Not always,” Luke replied. “It’s like violence, it’s never good to lie but sometimes you have no choice.” Rey struggled to work out what was going on, “So… Mommy’s with the bad guys?” Luke closed his eyes, “…No. She’s not with them anymore.” “Then where is she?” Rey asked. “And why didn’t she come with you?” Luke didn’t know what to say next, it was an impossible scenario, telling his long thought dead daughter that Mommy wasn’t coming home. But he couldn’t avoid it anymore; Rey needed to know what had happened to her mother. “Rey… Sweetheart,” Luke whispered, stroking her hair. “Mommy passed away.” Rey’s eyes went wide. “No!” Rey exclaimed. “No! You’re lying! Mommy said she’d come back! She’s coming back, Daddy!” “Sweetheart… I’m so sorry,” Luke raised his hand to stroke Rey’s face. “But Mommy’s gone.” Rey swatted his hand away, “STOP LYING, DADDY!” “Rey,” Luke struggled to keep his voice calm for her, “I’m not lying. Mommy’s not coming back.” “SHE PROMISED SHE WOULD!” Rey screamed, tears flowing down her face as her two tiny hands tried to shove her father away. “YOU’RE LYING, DADDY! WHY ARE YOU LYING?” As Rey wailed desperately, Luke made a decision. Firmly, but not roughly, he grabbed Rey and held her against him. She struggled under his grasp, but his strength was far superior. Words came from her sobbing like “No” “Stop” “Liar” “Why” and “Promise” but the clearest and most frequent word was “Mommy.” “I’m sorry,” Luke whispered as he held his crying daughter closely and tenderly. “I’m so sorry, Rey.” Tears fell from his own eyes as he held her tightly as if he were afraid she’d disappear if he let go. It broke his heart as his daughter wept in his arms, but Luke sat there stroking her hair and kissing the top of her head as Rey processed the horrific news about her mother. Slowly but surely, Rey stopped fighting her father’s grip and she clung to him desperately, her mind a mix of sorrow and fear. Together they held each other, broken hearted but together, mourning the woman they loved most in the Galaxy. Rey’s grief came in waves as her sobs ebbed and then restarted, some new facet or reminder hitting her every few minutes. Her desperate pleas for explanation and insistence that Mommy was coming back eventually ceased until she just whispered over and over again the simple, loving word, “Mommy.” As Luke held his daughter, he never wanted to let her go. The warmth of her body reminded him of how close he came to losing her, and her tears reminded him of the grief that had been inflicted upon her. He never wanted Rey out of his arms; he would hold her forever, not letting the cruel world ever hurt her again. Luke didn’t care what he had to do, lie, cheat, steal, murder, he would die before he ever let Rey hurt this much again. Hours stretched on as they held each other, slowly allowing silence to fall upon them. As the sun set, Luke kicked off his boots and reclined back in the hammock, pulling Rey to lie on top of him. Rey followed suit, kicking off her own boots with a glassy-eyed look that terrified Luke when he remembered it was the same look Felicity had in her eyes during her postpartum depression. “It’s going to be okay, Sweetheart,” Luke whispered as he used the Force to summon the patchwork blanket and lay it over them. “I know it hurts now, but for I’m here for you no matter what. Okay? We’ll find a way to smile again, I promise.” Rey sniffled, letting a long stretch of silence fill the walker as she stared up at the twisted metal above. Luke could see in her face that her mind was worlds away, wondering the same questions about Felicity that he had asked himself over and over in the past few months. Then finally, Rey spoke. “Daddy?” Rey’s voice was barely a whisper as if she were afraid to ask her question. “Yes, Sweetheart?” Luke used his flesh and blood thumb to wipe a tear from her cheek. Neither Luke nor Rey hated his mechanical hand, but in that moment, he needed to feel her with his own flesh. Just as he had needed the first time he held her in his arms. Rey swallowed hard, gathering the courage to ask her question, “Daddy… If I’m extra, extra, specially good… will Mommy come back?” It broke Luke’s heart. “Oh, Sweetheart,” Luke felt a fresh stream of tears roll down his face. He clutched her tightly, too tightly, but Rey made no protest. Her innocent question teared at his heart, awash with guilt and regret anew that he hadn’t been able to save Felicity. Luke’s voice shook as he fought a losing battle against sobs, “Sweetheart… Rey, I swear to you, if there was anything anyone could do to bring her back, I swear… She’d be here right now, holding you and drying your tears.” Rey sniffled, wiping her nose on her arm, “ Anything ?” Luke closed his eyes, debating his next words. “Rey…” Luke whispered. “I would do anything to get your mommy back to you. Even if it meant trading my life for hers.” “No, Daddy,” Rey buried her face in his neck. “Don’t leave me too.” Luke took a deep breath and kissed the top of her head, his paternal strength filling him with determination. “Never,” Luke vowed. “I’ll never leave you again. I promise.” But that was a promise he wouldn’t be able to keep. Luke wasn’t aware he had fallen asleep until he heard the whisper in the Force that woke him. The first rays of the sunrise were creeping up the sands of Jakku when Obi-Wan Kenobi’s voice came to Luke in the Force. “Luke… I’m sorry. I wish I could have told you the truth.” Luke frowned as he looked around; Obi-Wan was nowhere to be found but his words echoed in Luke’s mind. Obi-Wan wished he could have told Luke the truth? What truth? About Rey? About Vader? About everything? But Luke received no reply to his unspoken thoughts; just silence. Frowning, Luke started to sit up when he heard a small groan. He had forgotten about the tiny girl lying in top of him. Luke smiled, joy filling his heart as he reflected on the fact that he could once more wake up to the sight of his precious daughter. There was something symbolic about waking up that morning to the sun’s first rays. He woke up to a new peace that he had not experienced in many months. Bathed in the morning’s warmth, his daughter lay against his chest, soothed by the steady beats of his heart. The world had hope again as he had his light Rey of Light back in his life. And now what was he to make of that life? All Luke wanted to do was take Rey home and resume their life as normal, but that chance had literally gone up in flames. There was nothing to go back to in that life; no home, no Jedi, no Felicity. But more importantly, there was no safety in that life. The First Order had come for Rey once; they would come for her again. Luke’s next thought was to contact Han and Leia; they would be so happy to hear that Rey was alive. … Which was exactly why Luke couldn’t tell them. He trusted his family with all his heart, but he couldn’t put them in that position. He especially couldn’t let Leia know the truth, not if Rey was to remain safe. Leia had made a grand gesture and accusation when she announced Rey’s “death.” Many people had resigned their jobs as a result, and the Resistance had profited by getting new recruits and supplies. If Luke told Leia that Rey was alive, she would be obligated to reveal the truth to the galaxy or else face possible charges of fraud. And if the galaxy knew Rey was alive, then so would the First Order. He couldn’t tell Han either; he wouldn’t put his brother-in-law in the position of hiding that sort of news from Leia. Luke couldn’t help but remember that bitter argument he overheard the night he ran away. Han and Leia had more than enough to fight about; Luke wouldn’t help one of them betray the other… not again. Not after what happened with Ben. Luke couldn’t tell Han and Leia about Rey. The thought broke his heart. It wasn’t the answer Luke wanted – he wanted to be able to tell Han and Leia that Rey was alive – but ultimately, Luke knew both Han and Leia could keep his secret, but he also knew they shouldn’t . But then what was he supposed to do? Ahch-to was the next thought in Luke’s head. Yes, Ahch-to made so much sense! It was hidden, it was uninhabited, it was peaceful, strong with the Force, a place where they could live a good life, and most of all, it was his planned next move! … Which was exactly why he couldn’t go there. Luke’s face fell as the realization hit him. He had told Lor San Tekka what his plan was. He confided his plan, his location, and left behind a map directly to it. He trusted Lor San Tekka, but the man wasn’t infallible. If the First Order ever learned that Lor San had a map to him, they would take it by any means necessary. Worst of all, Luke would only have the Force as a means to be tipped off. If he didn’t sense the First Order coming for them, he could find himself coming home to a burned down house and a dead family for the third time in his life. And that would probably actually kill him. But then, what was he supposed to do? Where could he hide that Rey would be safe. He wouldn’t let them take her, but it was only a matter before they started looking. Luke needed to clear his head. Naturally, Luke couldn’t help but wake Rey as he eased her off him to get out of the hammock. Thankfully, Rey was still in the middle of her early morning sleep fog, so while she did plead with her father not to leave her, so didn’t protest too much when Daddy whispered that he was just going outside and to go back to sleep. Luke smiled as Rey curled up in the blanket and went back to sleep with a look of utter trust and peace as she knew Daddy was there to protect her. She would be safe to sleep in her bed. “I love you, Sweetheart,” Luke stroked a hand lovingly down the side of her face and kissed her forehead. When he was young, Luke found it easiest to think when he stood in the sand, staring at the sun across the endless desert. The landscape was so empty, full of possibilities that his mind couldn’t help but clear. What was he going to do? The only thing that now mattered to Luke was keeping Rey safe. He had come so close to losing, and he would never endure that again. It didn’t matter what he had to do to protect her, to hide her, to keep her away from the First Order. He would never let Ben take Rey away from him. … Or so he thought. But we’ll get there. Luke stood there in the silence of the sunrise, trying to come up with a plan. Everywhere seemed too dangerous, too obvious, too hopeless. Where could they live that no one would think to look for them? Where was the last place someone would look? It couldn’t even be the last place, because the last place would be obvious as the first place to look. But then again, he also couldn’t go to the first place, because that would be too obvious. Luke had to figure it out. Where was the place that was the least obvious that wasn’t the most obvious but also not the most obvious that it would be the least obvious? … Of course, it would probably be a lot easier for Luke to figure out the answer if there wasn’t someone standing behind him, staring at him. Luke took a deep breath but did not turn around, “I thought I told you to leave me alone, Father.” The ghostly form of Anakin Skywalker chuckled, but did not approach Luke, “Well, Son, I don’t know if you’ve noticed this, but I’ve never been great at following the rules.” Luke couldn’t help the smirk that twitched his face, “Yes, my entire existence is proof of that.” “Hey, don’t pin that all on me,” Anakin objected. “Your mother deserves at least fifty percent of the blame on that one.” “Considering what I know of your relationship, I’d go more with twenty percent.” “Forty-five.” “Thirty.” “Deal.” A laugh escaped Luke’s throat as he shook his head. He knew he should be angry that his father had appeared to him, but part of him glad. After all, like some many times before in his life, Luke had questions that could only be answered by the mouths of the dead. Behind him, Luke heard his father sigh, “Ask it.” “Ask what?” Luke still refused to face his face. “The question in your mind,” Anakin’s voice was uncharacteristically serious. Luke was tempted to reply with the question of how Anakin could sigh when he was ghost and didn’t need to breath, but there was something pressing on his heart; a question that needed to be asked. Luke sniffed, realising that he had the urge to cry. He wiped his eyes and nose on the sleeve of his cloak, refusing to let his father see him like that. “Did…” Luke’s words caught in his throat as he struggled against an unbidden sob. “Did you know?” Anakin closed his eyes and lowered his head, “Yes… I knew Rey was alive.” “This whole time?” Anakin nodded, “This whole time.” Luke squeezed his eyes shut, lowering his forehead into his hand as he began to shake. “Why?” Luke’s voice shook as violently as his body. He spun around, his emotions a flurry of anger and lack of understanding. “Why didn’t you tell me? You know that pain, Father! The pain of thinking your child is dead. Why did you inflict that upon me?” Anakin looked very regretful as he slowly walked over to Luke and put a non-corporeal hand upon his son’s shoulder. There was no weight to Anakin’s touch, but Luke could feel the warmth. “If I could have told you, I would have,” Anakin swore. “But there are rules to this, and you know that. I can’t tell you the living status, location, or specific current actions of another person. I couldn’t tell you that Rey was alive on Jakku, trying to reach you in the Force.” “Couldn’t you?” Luke frowned. “When I was on Hoth, Ben told me that Yoda was alive and on Dagobah. Doesn’t that violate the rules?” “You were dying of hypothermia at the time, Luke,” Obi-Wan’s voice reminded Luke. It seemed that Obi-Wan was more willing to respect Luke’s request to not appear to him anymore, and Obi-Wan’s form did not appear before them. “You were on the bridge between life and death, and the rules are more relaxed on the bridge. Why else would I have not told you about Yoda until three years after my death?” Luke let out a singular laugh, “Well… that solves a mystery I’ve been wondering for seventeen years.” “Hey, look Obi-Wan!” Anakin joyful exclaimed. “You were forthcoming for once! Gold star!” “Knock it off, Anakin. There wasn’t much harm done by my secret keeping, and nothing that would concern you.” “You let my children commit incest.” “Oh, it always comes back to the incest with you two! It wasn’t like I was telling them to kiss.” “Guys? Can we get back on topic?” Luke interrupted knowing if he didn’t put a stop to this, it could go on for a while. “Did either of you have any regrets about not telling me Rey was alive?” Anakin’s eyes flicked to the side as if he was perhaps looking to an invisible Obi-Wan next to him. There was an odd look on Anakin’s face as he thought something over. “Luke… I’m going to be honest with you,” Anakin said. “You know I’ve never been anything but forthcoming when I could. So let me just say this, if I could tell you everything, if I could tell you about Rey, about Felicity, about Ben, about Han and Leia, and Padmé, and all that’s happened, and all that’s to come, I would. You know, I would.” Luke sighed, “Yes, I do know that.” “I’m sorry that I can’t tell you everything,” Anakin continued. “There are things I wish I could have told you, and there are secrets that I wish I could tell you now.” “But everything will be revealed in time,” Obi-Wan promised. “What matters now is what you choose to do next.” “And what is next?” Luke asked. “Things are coming, Luke,” Anakin warned. “Faces from the past, choices that will mean life or death, enemies who are friends, and friends who are enemies. Love, hate, betrayal, hope, death. But all that’s changed now that you’ve found Rey.” “Changed?” Luke frowned. “Was I not meant to find her?” “It is pointless to dwell on what could have happened,” Obi-Wan replied. “You have found her, and that’s all that matters.” “Luke, now that you’re together this story could change,” Anakin said. “What story?” Luke frowned. “The story that awaits you,” Obi-Wan answered. “For what happens when the First Order finds your daughter.” Luke’s eyes went wide, “They’re going to find her?” “You won’t be able to hide Rey forever,” Anakin continued. “And you won’t be able to hide yourself.” “Nor should you,” Obi-Wan pointed out. “The past will catch up, Luke,” Anakin said. “It always does. And when it does, how this story ends is up to you. How you’ll change it might mean the difference of life and death for the ones you love. Your family’s story, your family’s fate is now in your hands. Choose your next move wisely.” Luke rubbed his temples. Their ominous words frustrated him as he tried to fill in the blanks. What was so dangerous to his family and how was he supposed to change it. “And this story begins now?” Luke asked. Anakin glanced at the invisible Obi-Wan again, “Uh… well… Not quite.” Luke scowled and crossed his arms, “What?” “Well… You know how this family sort of gets a pattern of big adventures alternating with lulls? …You’ve reached a lull.” “Have I?” Luke said in a cross-exanimating tone Anakin knew for a fact Luke had gotten from Padmé. He hated when Padmé got like this, and their son was no better. “How long is this lull?” “That is not for you to know,” Obi-Wan answered. “Are you kidding me?” Luke exclaimed. “You can tell me all this nonsense about lulls and the fate of the Skywalkers rest in my hands, but you can’t give me a timeline to plan accordingly?” “See, this is why Padmé would have never made a good Jedi,” Anakin said. “So what do I do?” Luke asked. “Your priority is to keep you and your daughter safe until the day comes to fight.” “I know,” Luke nodded. “But how? Where could I possibly hide that we’d be safe?” A long silence followed. “I’m not saying it,” Anakin crossed his arms. “Anakin,” Obi-Wan warned. “You can’t make me say it!” “Say what?” Luke frowned. “There’s no other way and you know it,” Obi-Wan said. “Think of your granddaughter, Anakin. Do you want something to happen to her?” “Of course not,” Anakin snapped. “You think I’ve been sitting at her feet every night while she slept because I’ve been bored ?” “Wait, what?” Luke exclaimed. “You’ve been-” “Watching over Rey for you,” Anakin confirmed. “Just because I couldn’t tell you about her, doesn’t mean I couldn’t alleviate her suffering a little. Why do you think no animal or stranger has come into her walker? I’ve been keeping them away.” “Why didn’t she tell me?” “Rey can’t see me, Luke. She doesn’t know.” Luke smiled; there were tears in his eyes again, but this time they weren’t of sorrow. “I would hug you, if I could,” Luke told his father. “We’ll catch up in the afterlife. But didn’t go rushing there just to hug me,” Anakin winked. “You got a kid to think about. Don’t pull what I did and die right after getting her back.” “I’ll do my best,” Luke chuckled. “So, tell me, where is it that the First Order would never think to look for me?” Anakin sighed, “This hurts me to say, Luke… but maybe you should stay… here.” Luke frowned, “What Jakku? Are you serious?” “Luke, I would not advocate a member of this family living on a desert planet unless it was necessary.” “But, why here? This is a place my family has a connection to.” “The same reason I took you to your aunt and uncle on Tatooine,” Obi-Wan answered. “It’s the last place your father wanted to ever step foot on, and the site of where your daughter allegedly died would probably be the last place you ever wanted to go.” “Well, unless you were dumb enough to want to comb the desert for the body of a little girl,” Anakin smirked. Luke locked his gaze on Anakin, “I blame your genetics.” “I second that notion.” “I’m not dumb enough to do something like that!” Anakin exclaimed. Obi-Wan chuckled, “Anakin, do the words ‘I have the high ground’ ring a bell?” “So, you really think I should stay with Rey on Jakku?” Luke asked. “It’s not exactly the best environment to raise a child, and I’d be at the mercy of Unkar Plutt.” “Every place you go is going to have its dangers,” Anakin said. “But you’ll learn to make it work, and besides, I think you asserted your dominance over Plutt. He steps out of line, you put him back in his place.” “I don’t know if I should be taking advice from a Sith Lord.” “I never said you had to be a Jedi.” Luke shook his head and thought about his father’s suggestion. “Alright,” Luke finally agreed. “Maybe… we’ll give Jakku a shot… Temporarily.” That temporary shot would end up being fourteen years. “And that’s why we’re going to stay here,” Luke finished explaining their situation to Rey later that day. He of course, had not included every detail, but he told Rey what she needed to know and did not hide anything that would harm her down the line. “Do you understand?” “I do,” Rey nodded sadly as they sat on the floor of the walker eating their lunch rations. “Does that mean we’re not going to see Uncle Han and Aunt Leia for a while?” Luke sighed, “I’m sorry, Sweetheart. But it’s not forever, I promise.” “I’m going to miss them.” “I will too,” Luke admitted. Rey nibbled at her bread, “Daddy?” “Yes?” “Is it still safe to use the Force?” Luke was surprised at her forethought, “Maybe, not entirely. We could still use some things, but maybe-” “If it’s not going to be safe, I don’t want to know any more stuff,” Rey refused. “You can stop teaching me the Force, Daddy.” “Rey,” Luke slightly chuckled, unsure what to make of Rey’s decision. “You don’t need to stop.” “Yes, we do!” Rey exclaimed. “I’m scared, Daddy. The bad guys want me because of the Force. Don’t they?” Luke sighed, he hadn’t expected Rey to figure it out, “Yes, they do, but Rey, Sweetheart, I’m going to protect you.” “You can’t always protect me,” Rey’s eyes glistened with tears. “You didn’t protect me when they pulled me out of bed. You didn’t protect me from Ben in the woods.” “Rey-” “You didn’t protect me when Mommy and I had to walk all that way. You didn’t protect me when I got hot and the world went dark.” “Rey-” “You didn’t protect me when Mommy went away. You didn’t protect me when Mister Plutt hurt my friends.” “Rey-” “But that’s okay,” Rey wrapped her arms around her father’s torso. “It’s okay, Daddy.” Luke’s jaw hung open; was he hearing that right? Was she… forgiving him? He had spend so much time beating himself up over failing her and she had it in her heart to know and be willing to forgive him. It was unbelievable, after everything he had done, how could he deserve forgiveness? It was like… It was like… Luke smiled. It was like how he had forgiven his own father. “Oh, Rey,” Luke wrapped his arms around her and pulled her in tight. “Thank you for taking after me.” “I like having your forgiveness part,” Rey nuzzled his neck, enjoying the warmth of his embrace. “I like you having the forgiveness part too,” Luke chuckled. He sighed, “Oh, Rey… what are we going to do? Jakku is such a hard place. I don’t want you to suffer.” “I won’t,” Rey grinned and pulled out of his embrace. He started to tug on his arm, “Come with me, Daddy.” Luke slightly frowned but followed her outside of the walker. “When Mommy went away, at first I was really sad,” Rey led her father around the lopsided structure they had made their home. “I didn’t think I could live here. Everything around was so… Mommy used a special word. … Barren . She said it was barren.” “It is,” Luke nodded. “Do you know what that word means?” “Not really, but I think it means no sign of life.” “Something like that.” “Well, I was sad and didn’t think I could survive by myself… then I found this.” Rey brought them to a stop in front of the walker’s hip joint. There was a little groove where a few millimeters of sand had accumulated. And growing out of that tiny groove was a speck of green: a tiny spinebarrel flower somehow alive in the dead desert. “People around here say there’s no miracles,” Rey told her father. “But Mister Quom calls me the miracle girl because I made a miracle happen. Miracles do happen on Jakku, Daddy. Mommy saved me, you found me, and this little flower somehow manages to survive. And when I saw it, I decided if that little spinebarrel could survive here, so could I. We can do it, Daddy. We can survive here on Jakku without the Force.” Luke was amazed at his daughter’s words, “You are a very wise person, My Little Rey of Light.” Rey smiled up at him, “Whether big or small, life finds a way on Jakku, Daddy. We’ll find a way. I promise.” And with those words, Luke knew they’d be alright. Rey was right, if that tiny flower could thrive in the desert, then she could too. Luke wrapped an arm around Rey, lovingly pulling her against his side, “Thank you, Sweetheart.” With another woman’s twinkle in her eye, Rey answered, “Anytime.” And so, against his better judgement, Luke stayed on Jakku, the safest place to hide his daughter from the First Order. Aletha, Quom, and Plutt all thought he was insane for staying voluntarily, but secretly, each for their own reasons, was glad of his decision. Luke was careful in how he introduced himself to others, and when Quom offered him a job as a fellow mechanic, Luke jumped at the idea. As for Rey and their ties to the life they left behind, Luke slowly began transitioning their bedtime stories and conversations away from the subject. He would not outright lie to Rey, and he would not gaslight her, but he knew it was too dangerous for Rey to have an open knowledge about their past while she was still so young and vulnerable. Ultimately, to Luke’s discomfort, he decided that the best course of action was to simply stop talking about the past with Rey and hope that one day she would forget. Rey also continued to insist they distance themselves from the Force, but Luke knew he would continue to use parts of it to his advantage, even if it wasn’t openly in front of Rey. Someday he might teach her, but hopefully it would be before the end of the lull. Now if only he could figure out how long the lull would be, but he knew he would enjoy every moment if it. Something was coming for them in the future, but for now, nothing else in the galaxy mattered but loving, protecting, and caring for his precious child. So Luke Skywalker became the man called Luke Erso, and to Rey, the man who called himself Luke Skywalker became nothing more than a myth. Six Months Later… “Happy birthday, Dear Rey, happy birthday to you,” Luke and Aletha sang as Rey grinned at the tiny cake set in front of her. A single lit candle proudly stood in the middle as Rey, Aletha, Luke, and Quom held their small gathering in Quom’s tent. Luke couldn’t believe Aletha had actually pulled off getting Rey a cake for her sixth birthday. Apparently, Aletha had made a deal with one of the traders Unkar Plutt allowed her to make transactions with to get medical supplies. Her most frequent supplier, a man named Jedek was a proud family man who liked to go on about his five children (a girl, two boys, another girl, and then the most precious baby boy you’ve ever seen, Jedek would always say.) Jedek had met Rey a few weeks after Luke’s arrival on Jakku and instantly taken a liking to her. Of course, with the rules Plutt enforced on Jakku, Jedek wasn’t allowed to openly give her anything, but every now and then he managed to sneak a treat for Rey in his business transactions with Aletha. The cake wasn’t the kind of homemade cake Rey had celebrated all her birthdays with, but rather one of those mass-produced, small, packaged cakes one bought for a couple of credits at a refuelling station. The kind that was always sat next to stale strudels, questionable muffins, and cream-filled snacks that contained a person’s daily amount of calories. But still, after almost a year of eating nothing but rations, Luke knew that Rey was over the moon. If he hadn’t taught her drooling was rude, she would be doing it. “Make a wish,” Aletha grinned at Rey. Rey thought for a minute and closed her eyes tight. She blew it out on the first try and was met with a round of applause from Aletha, Luke, and Quom. “Happy birthday, Sweetheart,” Luke pulled Rey in for a hug. “I can’t believe you’re already six years old. You’re growing up so fast.” “Not fast enough,” Rey pointed out. “You still won’t let me drive.” “Yes. For good reason.” “Your daddy started driving racers when he was six.” “Rey, what do we say about Grandpa Ani?” Luke asked. They had transitioned into calling Anakin Grandpa Ani as it would be harder for anyone to figure out who Luke and Rey were talking about. “If Grandpa Ani did it, it’s probably a bad idea,” Rey recited. “HEY!” came the ghostly shout of Anakin Skywalker in Luke’s ear. “That’s exactly right,” Luke grinned, giving Rey another quick squeeze of a hug. Aletha smiled at the happy moment and did her best to cut up the tiny dessert. The adults were willing to let Rey have the whole thing for herself, but Rey had insisted on sharing her cake. “Uncle Quom, why didn’t you sing with Doctor Ally and Daddy?” Rey asked using the nicknames she had transitioned into using for Quom and Aletha over the past few months. For Rey it was only natural to call a close adult male figure who wasn’t a Jedi, her “Uncle” due to her relationships with Wedge, Lando, Chewie, and Diego. The first time she had called Quom “Uncle” she hadn’t made a big deal about it. It had been about a month after Luke came to Jakku that she did it. She simply slipped the term “Uncle Quom” into a casual conversation, not expecting it to stop Quom dead in his tracks. He had been shocked that Rey had learned to love him as an avuncular figure, and he was willing to take up the mantle of Uncle Quom. Luke was relieved that she had found someone to fill the empty part of Rey that had missed Han, Chewie, and the rest. She had spent so many nights asking about when she could see them again, and struggled to accept that it was best they don’t see their family for a while. It had been especially hard for Rey to let go of Han, but over time Rey stopped asking about Fun Uncle Han so much. She still brought him up at least once a week, but she was phasing out of it. Of course, it only made Luke feel that much guiltier to know he was making her forget Han. But oddly, when it came to Aletha, Rey would not call her Aunt. In Rey’s life there was only one Aunt, and that was Leia. The other significant women in Rey’s life had been Jedi Masters and in Kalonia’s case, she was called Doctor Kalonia. Thus the term Aunt in Rey’s mind was for women she was actually related to. However, due to the whole debacle of the titles of Aunt, Uncle, Doctor, and Master, Rey had also formed the idea that she had to give everyone a title. Or at least people who were the age of her parents, having no title for people like Ben and Poe. But Rey didn’t think about Ben or Poe anymore. Feeling uncomfortable with choosing between Ms. and Mrs., Rey continued calling Aletha “Doctor” but had decided to switch into calling her Ally to signify that she had a close relationship with Aletha. When Rey had explained it to them, Aletha and Luke had both been extremely surprised with how analytical the (then) five-year-old had been with her decision. Luke blamed his father-in-law, Alaric Rhiaon who had managed to logic his way into not only justifying disowning and betraying his daughter, but justifying creating a death machine that destroyed planets. Then again, Anakin Skywalker had managed to convince himself the Dark Side was a good thing… but there was probably a lot less logic involved in that decision. “Yeah, Quom,” Aletha teased, nudging him with her elbow. “Why didn’t you sing? You have a lovely singing voice.” “How do you know that?” Luke frowned. “I have my ways,” Aletha grinned mysteriously. Luke wasn’t even going to bother asking. “Vrogem do not acknowledge the survival of year by singing,” Quom said with a sneer, as if Aletha had just said one of the most offensive things ever. After six months with Quom, Luke had learned that Vrogem culture was complicated, strange, and made very little sense. It was just best to not ask questions most of the time. “So then how do you ‘acknowledge the survival of year’ in Vrogem culture?” Aletha asked. Quom grinned and pulled a small neatly wrapped package out of a drawer, “With a gift.” “Thank you, Uncle Quom!” Rey squealed in delight as she tore open the package and found a small paper book. She opened it and frowned, “Uncle Quom, the pages are blank.” “Well then,” Quom chuckled, “I guess you should fill them up.” “With what?” “Writings. Drawings. Whatever you want. But I think you might get a little inspiration if you read the title.” Rey squinted at the title and read aloud, “Rey’s Sir- Supper- Service-” “Survival,” Luke corrected and made a mental note to work on Rey’s reading skills. “Thank you, Daddy,” Rey smiled. She tried to read the cover again, “Rey’s Survival Guide.” Rey gasped. “Like we talked about?” Rey asked hopefully. “You fill those pages MG with everything you learn here,” Quom said. “Can’t let all that knowledge go to waste. And who knows? Maybe it might prove to be helpful to someone else someday.” “Thank you, Uncle Quom!” Rey threw her arms around Quom. “My writing’s not so good right now, but when it goes better I’ll write the book. Promise.” “Deal,” Quom smiled and hugged her back. “Gets better, Rey,” Luke corrected her usage of goes. “It will, Daddy,” Rey nodded. “Promise.” Luke chuckled, “That’s not what I… Never mind.” “Alright, time for cake,” Aletha announced, and the group descended on the tiny dessert as the small, odd family they had become. Though Rey did appreciate the present, it would be many years before she actually wrote her guide. But when she did, written on the first page was the following: If you’re reading this, then something’s gone wrong. You’re stranded on Jakku – a barren little planet with nothing but baking sand, hot sun, and wrecked starships. Stranded like me. My name is Rey . I’ve been here my whole life, scratching out a living with the lost and the broken. I don’t know how I got here, or why. But I know it was a mistake – and somebody out there will make things right, someday. That means I need to wait for them. And that means I need to survive. And survive she did, but it wasn’t as big a struggle as it could have been, because one major change had occurred: she had her father by her side. Although Luke’s presence in Rey’s young life could not alter every event and protect her from every danger or heartbreak, it would be quite reasonable to say that her life did change for the better. True, maybe Jakku was not the best place to raise a child, and maybe Luke could have done some things better, but there was no denying that until fourteen years later when BB-8 showed up on Jakku, Rey and Luke Erso were generally safe and happy. But don’t get me wrong; those fourteen years were very eventful. Notes: Coming Up Next Chapter… Something Strange About Him Luke learns that trust can only go so far on Jakku when a friendly partnership takes a sinister turn. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the Rogue Love series