Sunrise was painting the sky in blues and pinks and reds and yellows. The air smelled of fresh, growing things, of water and light and air, and Kittani slid the door closed behind her as she stepped out onto the deck overlooking the lake, clear and blue, a mug of caf steaming in her hand. The man at the railing, tall, broad-shouldered, long-limbed and muscular, turned to smile at her, shoulder-length black curls tousled, sleeping pants hanging low on his hips, his feet and chest bare, the picture of gorgeous maleness, but it was the small bundle he cradled in his arms, the little face with its own mop of unruly black hair and scrunched up, pouting mouth that had Kittani cooing, soft and low. The baby turned immediately toward her voice, a tiny fist flailing out and the mouth working faster and Kittani laughed as the baby let out a loud squall of distress. “He’s starving, daddy. Why didn’t you wake up mommy?” Her voice was teasing as they traded caf for baby, and the man stuck his tongue out at her as she lowered the side of her gown and offered the baby her breast. He latched on immediately, his little fist kneading her swollen flesh, and Kittani turned to lean against the solid wall of the man's chest, one of his arms around her shoulder, his fingers brushing over his son’s head as he brought the mug up to take a sip. “Daddy was trying to be nice and let mommy sleep in. Tidbit here wasn’t having it, though.” Kittani made a wordless little hum of appreciation and turned to press a kiss to the man’s collarbone. “Takes after his father. Impatient and greedy.” He laughed and nuzzled the top of her head until she tilted back so he could kiss her, gentle and slow and soft. “Yes.” They both watched the baby suckle, his ocean blue eyes with their ridiculously long and curling lashes beginning to droop, until Kittani had to switch him to her other breast. Her voice was soft, her own eyes sad when she looked up. “This is your fantasy.” He traced the delicate shell of their son’s ear, the baby soft skin of his cheek and his temple, and then his long, pale fingers stroked lightly over the distended skin of her breast where his son was mouthing her nipple, drowsy and contented, half-asleep as he sucked. He did not look at her, the curve of his down-turned face strangely vulnerable. “Not just mine.” There wasn't a safe answer to that pronouncement so she said nothing, simply basked in the sunshine, in the warmth and light and safety of her little pretend family. Once the baby had taken his fill, he smiled a crooked grin and deftly took the now sleeping baby from her, lifting him to his shoulder to pat and rub his back. Kittani rearranged her gown and watched as the man who most recently had been reported as cutting a path with his Knights through a Republic shipping yard hummed a dreamy lullaby and bounced the tiny baby gently until he made a very loud burp and then nuzzled his nose against the petal-soft cheek, his almost black eyes kind, the scar on his face, the dozens marking his body, doing nothing to lessen his appeal as he brushed the knuckles of his free hand over her cheek. “You know where I was when that attack was happening.” She did know. And looking down at the baby, this beautiful little boy with his curls and her eyes, this beautiful little boy who couldn't exist because if he did, if he did... The man's hand, large and male and callused, spread open, cupping her cheek, and he leaned down until he could rest his forehead against hers, the baby soft and perfect between their bodies. “Come back to me, kitten.” Her belly contracted, hard and tight, and she blinked as her eyes prickled, the threat of tears. She whispered achingly, “Ben.” “Yes,” he whispered back, leaning back a bit, his fingertips sliding over until he could tilt her chin up, up so she could see his face, the plea and the fear there. “I can't...” He swallowed hard, his throat bobbing with the movement, and Kittani felt the first hot, wet drop trickle down her face, felt him capture it on his thumb. “I can't protect you there.” He used his cheek against hers as he'd done before, before when he was wearing the mask, before when he'd strung her up and marked her as his in that last shared Force dream. Before, she thought with the heavy drag of despair, before when it had been only dreams between them and not the reality of him hard and hot between her thighs, the reality of him kissing her, touching her, holding her close after when they both slept deep and dreamless. “You don't mean just me,” she managed to choke out over a sob and his exhale was slow and patient as his hand slid down the front of her body, down, down until he could press those long, slender, elegant fingers against the softness of her belly. “Oh, god.” OoO A system away, the Emperor of the First Order dropped his gloved hand to his side, fisted it, and was fiercely, viciously glad he was wearing his mask. Chapter 2 Summary: Hux ate when they brought him food, slept when the lights in his cell were dimmed, used the ‘fresher when he was allowed, did as much physical training as the small space and limited resources would allow, and thought he might go quietly mad if he had to have one more ‘productive conversation’ with Major Juznik. Notes: Bear with me, folks. Work is crazy. Weekly updates hopefully with this one. <3 Finn and Leia and Lillia and Luke met the shuttle as it touched down, only Finn and BB-8 rushing forward as soon as the ramp descended, BB-8 whistling madly and Finn smiling so big his face had to hurt. It was Kittani who emerged first, her face pale and tired, her eyes pinched at the corners, and she smiled tightly as she stepped past Finn, past everyone to lay a hand on her twin's shoulder. “Lillia.” “Kittani,” Lillia returned neutrally. There had been talk, at the beginning, that the dreamy-eyed medic turned spy would chafe at being assigned to report directly to her sister, talk that had quickly disappeared when it became apparent that, of the two, it was Lillia who was the best suited for command, for the rhythms and reports and rituals of life on base. Kittani, drafted for the mission because she could actually pass as a medical doctor and because she was beautiful, was best suited for research and books and the occasional need to shoot a blaster with 97% accuracy. It was Kittani who'd captured Hux. It was Lillia who would turn him. If they'd wanted to rule the galaxy, Leia thought with a touch of whimsy, watching as Kittani murmured something quietly to Lillia that made the Major blink, they might have just been able to pull it off. Lucky for her, and the Resistance, their aims weren't quite that high. Lab space and order. She could do that. Until she couldn't. “Stop,” Luke said mildly, leaning his cheek on her hair and his arm on her shoulder. They'd both shrunk he thought with a tired old person sigh, watching Finn hug Rey and Rey hug Finn and Poe slouch up from somewhere to be tugged into the middle with a sheepish, hopeful look. “They took too long to come back,” she returned but without rancor, sliding her arm around her brother's waist. When Luke said nothing, she tilted her head up to find his eyes, pale blue and steady in his old man face, in Obi-Wan's face, kriff, when had they gotten so old, looking at Kittani, standing alone now as Lillia strode over to greet Rey. “Or just long enough,” he murmured and she poked him sharply with her elbow. “None of your Jedi nonsense, farm boy.” But she could feel it, the waver and dip and change in the Force, the change that somehow was centered not only on Rey but also on, or near, Kittani. Kittani who was Force sensitive but not enough to be trained, Kittani who had been sent on a fool's errand because she was Force sensitive. He laughed, a rusty sound, and leaned down to lay a smacking kiss on her forehead. “Leia. Look at her.” At his sister's exasperated huff, he nudged her with the Force. “Look at her and see .” Grumbling under her breath, Leia let herself open, let her power unfurl inside of her, let it brush over Rey's conviction and anticipation, Finn's excitement and affection, Poe's eagerness and delight, Lillia's unease and concern, and found Kittani. Kittani who was leaking joy and despair and confusion and desperate yearning, Kittani who turned and met Leia's stunned caffa eyes with a rueful, pained, apologetic expression even as her hand dropped and spread over her lower belly in a familiar, protective gesture. The lower belly where she was sheltering, growing, loving, the grandson of Han Solo. “Goddammit,” Leia growled and she was off before Luke could stop her. With a philosophical shrug and a little tug for moral support toward Rey through their Master/Padawan bond, he started after his twin, smiling his most engaging, sweetest grin. Kittani did her best not to wince as General Organa, who she'd met only the once when she'd signed on for the stupid, dangerous mission to Starkiller, suddenly turned smartly on her heel and started toward her, the legendary Jedi Luke Skywalker dogging her heels with something of a silly grin peeking through his salt and pepper beard. She nearly sagged in relief when Rey swung in suddenly from the side, one arm around the General, one arm around the Jedi, steering them resolutely away, tossing a grim smile over her shoulder for Kittani and for Lillia, who'd come back to her twin as Finn and Poe trailed after the Skywalker-Organa-Solos like eager ducklings. The smile said Kittani had explaining to do. “I hate the Force,” Kittani muttered, her hand still spread over her belly, the General and the Jedi’s reactions telling her that Kylo ( Ben, kitten, to you I’m always Ben ) had been right: she was pregnant with his baby. Their baby. The Emperor’s baby. Shit. “I’m so glad I don’t have that problem,” Lillia said with feeling. The twins were identical in looks save Lillia’s choice of short hair and the freckle-sized mole below the right corner of her eye, identical down almost to the molecular level save the one difference: Lillia was completely, utterly Force-null. No Force hoodoo for her, thank the gods, and she felt immediately guilty for the thought as she registered Kittani’s shiver, the ashen pallor of her face. She shuffled awkwardly and asked abruptly, with no grace, “Do you need your sister or your CO?” and then cursed herself even as Kittani’s mouth curled up and she tipped her head over to lean on Lillia’s shoulder. “Debrief me while I see the med droid and then hold my hair while I throw up?” Relieved beyond measure, swamped with sisterly concern, Lillia looped an arm over Kittani’s shoulder and headed into the base. “So, let’s talk about General Armitage Hux…” OoO Hux ate when they brought him food, slept when the lights in his cell were dimmed, used the ‘fresher when he was allowed, did as much physical training as the small space and limited resources would allow, and thought he might go quietly mad if he had to have one more ‘productive conversation’ with Major Juznik. He would not have risen as high and as fast as he had if he had not been able to read people. That his instincts had been clouded when it came to the other Juznik sister had been confirmed by his very capture, further the longer he spent away from her. Whatever space wizardry she (or Kylo, or Snoke, or one of the Knights) had been using started to wear thin, shredding until he could be by turns fascinated and appalled by his unprecedented pursuit of her. He who had been raised with discipline, duty, devotion. He whose glorious future was now spent eating, shitting, and talking on a schedule set by a woman who cared for him as much as she might a worm she found under her shoe. A woman whom he'd discovered over the days (weeks, months, the time was running together no matter how he tried to keep count) was utterly unsuited to the task she’d obviously set herself. The Major was a woman of action, not a woman of words, and though she was by the gods trying, he thought if she continued to try, he might have to find a way across the table to wring her pretty neck. “She fidgets as if her pants are afire,” he muttered, shaking his head even as he lowered it toward the floor, halfway through his first set of push-ups for the day. And that, he promised, was the last thought he’d give to the Major until she came to ‘talk’ to him again. Chapter 3 Summary: The Emperor of the Known Galaxy winced and scrubbed a hand through his overlong curling dark hair. He looked older, his wide, expressive mouth pinched, his elbows propped on his knees, the already pale cast to his skin nearly grey and Rey would have had more sympathy if she wasn’t so kriffing angry with him. Notes: I'm baaaaccckkk. With this one, at least. Chapters 1 and 2 have remained unchanged. This chapter is slightly different at the beginning and helps us understand Lillia/Kittani a little better. I also delayed the entrance of BAMF Eirian Phasma because she gets more screen time later. I just want to say thank you to Pango22 for their kind review that kicked me in the rear with this. I was unhappy with it and then Pango22 reminded me, hey, it's isn't about me, it's about the readers. So here we go. Thanks, guys, you being here with me means a lot. (Also, Armitage Hux? Er...) Kittani did indeed throw up after seeing the med droid. “The power of suggestion,” Lillia huffed but she held her sister’s hair and let her sister lean and then she tucked her, gently, into bed. “Stay here. Rest. I’ll report to the General.” Kittani nodded and curled up, curled around herself as if protecting the little life inside of her, and Lillia made sure the door was shut firmly and no one was in the hallway before she sagged, pressing her hands to her face. Her sister was pregnant. Kylo Ren, Master of the Knights of Ren, self-styled Emperor of the known galaxy, was the baby's father. And while Kittani had admitted the child was a complete and utter surprise, she had passed her hand through the scan of it projected over her belly by the med-droid with wonder and joy and whispered, “We're going to have a baby.” Lillia had felt her world tilt on its axis, threatening to break apart. A surprise baby but not an unwelcome one; a shocking choice for its father but not a forced one. Her sister, her twin, older by two minutes and often wiser by parsecs, and now it was up to Lillia to be the strong one, the brave one, the smart one. “Fuck,” Lillia whispered, sinking slowly down the wall until her bottom thumped against the floor. All of their lives, it had been Lillia who led them into danger. Lillia was the wild one, the busy one, the one who didn't like being cuddled or stroked or kissed, who wanted to see and be and do . It was Lillia who caused their grandfather to shake his head and say to his second wife, Drea, “That girl'll be the death of me.” Dr. Karl Juznik was an eminent physician who had, enthusiastically, stepped in to raise the recently orphaned eleven year old twins when their parents were killed in a minor border skirmish between the New Republic and the leftover fringes of the old Empire. Karl never declared for a side and he never turned away a patient even as he sold secrets and toxins and stims and the occasional weapon to whichever side had the right amount of credits. He taught the girls to wield a blaster, to stitch a wound, to lie with straight faces and easy posture. Kittani took to the lab and to the lying with skill and grace; Lillia took to the blaster and to bolting whenever, and however, she could. He never let her get very far, usually just far enough to hang herself with her own foolishness and then he'd come and haul her back, back from the brink of whatever self-destruction she'd planned, Kittani calmly and patiently waiting at home with Drea. Sometimes, when she couldn't sleep, Lillia would remember him sliding his soft, gentle hand over her hair after one of her daring escapes and shaking his head. “Too much of me in you,” he'd mutter in his rough, gruff voice and then he’d take her home. The day he hadn't come to fetch her had been the day she'd enlisted with the Resistance. The day she'd taken Kittani with her. She was up and running before the memory could fully form. OoO “Is she resting?” Rey nodded, tipping her head over onto Luke's shoulder as Leia paced back and forth in front of them, her hands clasped behind her back, her teeth worrying her lower lip. It was in these moments, as her uncle rubbed her shoulder lightly with his mechanical hand and her mother didn't even need to stop to glare at them both, that Rey thought wistfully of all of the things she'd lost by being separated from them for so long. In the back of her mind, she felt the thread connecting her to her brother tremble with empathy. “The medical droid says it’s natural for her to be tired in these early days.” Leia winced and Rey sighed. It was Luke who said, gently, “Leia,” and, again, more forcefully, “Leia!” until the leader of armies seemed to shrink, stopping in the middle of the floor, the lines in her face deepening, her hands out and open. “I don't…I don't know what to do.” Her brown eyes, only a few shades lighter than her son's and with no hint of the green of her daughter's, darted from Rey to Luke and back again. “He's not...he's killed...there isn't...” Her breath hitched and her eyes filled and her voice was very, very tiny when she whispered again, “I don't know what to do.” “I think that will have to be up to Kittani.” What Luke didn't say but what Rey knew Leia was thinking was: But can she be trusted? OoO Kittani did not sleep. She could have, would have, if the thoughts chasing themselves around in her head had been quiet, peaceful ones; her body was weary, aching slightly as it attempted to adapt to the changes happening, to the tiny person nestled snug inside of her, and she knew if only he were here her mind would quiet and there would be no worry, no fear, no pain. She tried, finally, to reach out to him, projecting as he’d told her she did, as she’d done so often before they’d sent her to Starkiller that Leia had rooted her out, found her out and sat her down and asked her why the kriff she wasn’t trained. Kittani had been stymied and shocked. The Jedi were just superstitious nonsense and ancient hoodoo, Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader myths and legends and the General hadn’t laughed when she’d said, “I think I have a use for you.” Did you know it would happen? Did you mean it to happen? Did you love me, really, even a little? The silence stretched, thick and hot and oppressive, and Kittani curled even further in on herself, lost and lonely and afraid. OoO “What the fuck, Benny?” The Emperor of the Known Galaxy winced and scrubbed a hand through his overlong curling dark hair. He looked older, his wide, expressive mouth pinched, his elbows propped on his knees, the already pale cast to his skin nearly grey and Rey would have had more sympathy if she wasn’t so kriffing angry with him. “I trusted you!” She railed, pacing much as their mother had done earlier in the day, her slender frame fairly vibrating with tension and disgust and Ben (Kylo, dammit, his fucking name was Kylo ) leaned back against the seat in the common area in the Falcon , his eyes drifting shut as he nodded along with her rapid fire movements and delivery. He wondered, idly, if she knew she was using the Force and sparking like an angry comet. “You asked me to help you, asked me to forgive you, and I did! I forgave you for the Academy, I forgave you for wiping my memory, I forgave you for abandoning me on that shithole of a planet, I forgave you for letting our family think I was dead, I forgave you for doing what you thought what was right and then straying from the path, I forgave you for what you did to our …” He grunted a little, reached out, and made a small gesture with his long, elegant, pale fingers, freezing her in place. “ Stop talking .” She glared at him, hot and bright and fierce, her wide, expressive mouth so like his own peeled back from her teeth in a grimace as she fought his hold, and gods, look at her, his sister, his equal, his tooka, brave and mean and incandescent in her Light. “Rey. I need you to trust me for a little longer.” He kept asking so much from the women in his life, bend and bend and bend and not break, never break, strong and true, and he thought if he couldn't have this, couldn't have his connection to his family here in the quiet place between dreams, if Rey abandoned him, he would be lost. Lost to the Dark, to the endless, depthless well of his many, many failures and failings and faults. He watched, proud and awed and gods he was so fucking tired as Rey burst out of the Force hold, shredding it like flimsiplast, and threw herself at him bodily, arms and legs flailing and he raised his hands to ward off the blow only to find his arms full of slender, agile, frustrated Jedi. “I will find you and I will kill you.” She threatened him even as she clung tight, like when she was small and he was the center of her universe before they sent him away, and he thought of the baby, his baby, the new hope, growing inside of Kittani where he couldn't reach either of them, and he dropped his forehead to the girl's thin, bird-like shoulder and fought not to weep. “Ben,” Rey whispered, turning to rub her cheek against his. “She saw a scan of the baby today.” She felt her brother's big, powerful body shudder against hers, felt his breath sputter and gasp, and she stroked his hair as he'd done for her so many moons ago, so many moons when a little girl couldn't sleep and a half-grown boy who lived with nightmares tried to save them both. Now they were a half-grown woman and a battered man and she rocked him and murmured against his temple as he fought not to cry, not to feel, not to let Ben Solo overwhelm Kylo Ren, the tears scalding and bitter on his lips, rain on a barren desert. “She misses you so much.” What she didn't say, and what he didn't, couldn't, wouldn't confess, was that he missed her, too. Notes: So, hi. Yes, you, who stuck with me through the first one that turned into a helluva ride. This one probably will, too, since, you know, the characters seem to get away from me . *shakes fist at Kylo* I wanted more Poe because, yum, and so since I didn't want to make more Mary Sues (geez, I already made two!), I thought I'd see how I do with polyamorous Finn/Rey/Poe. Also, Luke and Leia aren't sure they signed up for this shit. Let me know what you think. <3 Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Patience, Though I Have Not series